the food is 100% awesome! the service is great. the only thing that really sucks is that the dining room is crazy small. if they are busy you pretty much have to stand right over people eating to wait to be seated.iys very awkward. they should really try to expand.that being said,it's worth it. the boiled crawfish is some of the best I've had. the crab cake pasta was amazing. the seafood pot is right on point.catfish,great  (and I'm very picky with catfish). every single thing I tried was very good. would definitely go back,but on like a Tuesday afternoon or something. definitely wouldn't recommend going on a weekend.Worth the drive for a ton of amazing food and some of the most personable service around from Doc! We had a group of six and they reserved the entire oyster bar for us and took excellent care of us. They just kept bringing food! Highlights were the gumbolaya, stuffed mushrooms, Abita barbecue shrimp, and blackened shrimp and avocado po boy. They insisted we try ice cream nachos (they change the topping seasonally according to what is freshest ... berries, other fruit, Butterfingers, Girl Scout cookies ... ha!). Great time and great food.Pretty much Heaven on a plate. Started with the Eggplant Harahan, which is pure eggplant and crab deliciousness! Then got the special, a three-tailed fish served over asparagus with a wild mushroom wine sauce that is too good to be true... but it is!Awesome! Great food! I'm not a seafood type of person but it was great!!!! We ordered The Hamper and was very satisfiedEverything here is great. Never had a bad time or food. Staff is always friendly and helpful. The appearance of the food is second to none. You think when you see your order you are in some fancy restaurant. It's small on the inside but they make up for it in the taste of the food. I could eat there all the time.Best seafood I have ever had! Definitely worth to check it out! The soft shell crab is my favorite.Excellent place for fresh Louisiana seafood and a true New Orleans experience. Went there for our first time last week. Was greeted warmly by the staff and had good conversations with other patrons/regulars who noticed our first experience and recommended many plates. Got the fish of the Day among a few other things and it was delicious. Crabs were boiled and seasoned perfectly. Fish was fried perfectly, beer was ice cold and the service was fantastic. Eggplant appetizer was delicious! Definitely will repeat.It's a little small and a little pricey for the portion size but they take chances with their menu and it pays off. The poboys are delicious and the crawfish were amazing. I've lived in NOLA my entire life and I've never heard of putting mirliton in a crawfish boil. It was delicious! I can't wait to try more options.This place is the best of the best.  Great staff, food, atmosphere. Love it Love it.  Wish they were open 7 days a week.Delicious menu and friendly wait staff. I recommend the grilled soft shell crab on top of the kung fu salad. Typically this salad has seared tuna on it. It's delicious with the tuna, but the grilled soft shell crab takes it to another level. Less important, but worth mentioning is their oyster shell parking lot. Gives me goosebumps as it reminds me of all the seafood dives we used to eat at when I was a child. And finally, my son always eats the fried fish which is of course cooked fresh upon order. Yum!Just moved to the area and this place is absolutely my new favorite seafood restaurant! 
I got the rock-n-roll salad and my husband got the spicy tuna poboy. I was so impressed with not only the size of the shrimp but also the amount! The tuna was very fresh and scrumptious
It was very busy, but we got a table pretty quickly. It's extremely small in the restaurant, but you can tell it's mostly filled with regulars, and everyone is understanding of the cramped space and noise level. We also had put 2 year old with us. The waitress was incredibly knowledgeable and so helpful. It was wonderful service, and that's hard to come by these days. 
. 
I truly can't wait to go back!Get the monster poboy. Sit with Doc in the bar. Eat fresh oysters. Get a hamper. 
BLISS in a boiling pot!Just landed at MSY/New Orleans AirPort and had to come over here to try this place. Pictures don't do it justice, it's comfortable and the staff is so friendly! The food is aaaahhhhmazing. We had po'boys and nachos and the crab claw appetizer. All of the food had great unique flavors, most sauces are made in house. We finished off with a pineapple bread pudding which was sweet and soft and delicious..50 cents an oyster for happy hour...cannot go wrong. So good! 
Shrimp & Grits was bomb too and the fried alligator appetizer!I come here often for lunch since I work near by.  The food is consistently delicious and fresh.  I get the rock n roll poboy often and yet everytime I am just as excited and pleased as the first time I had it. 
One thing I think is very important is that their fried dishes taste fresh and light.  You are not left with that heavy greasy feeling afterwards.
They are usually rather busy around lunch which makes it hard to get in and out in an hour.  I have decided that it is worth the risk coming back late from lunch!
You guys should open another location in new orleans!Fun, tasty, very quick but laid back. Boiled crawfish, boiled snow crab both delicious! In the middle of nowhere but it was very busy but short wait. Try it if your close.This is a hidden gem. Found it on Yelp and it's now one of my favorites. Everything I've had has been amazing. My favorites are the Softshell crab salad, crabmeat au gratin poboy and I have to get the ice cream nachos. Huge delicious portions and beautiful presentation. Don't go there if you are on a no carb diet unless you want to just eat the boiled crabs and oysters, which are amazing as well. It is a very small place so it does get a little hot in there because there is an open window to the kitchen, so I don't like to go during the day. The waitresses are usually very short and busy, not too friendly. Sign your name on the board outside if there are no tables, that is the waiting list. There is outside seating.Got a po' boy for myself and some crawfish fresh off a boil. They were perfect. The crawfish were flavorful and cooked perfectly. I was craving a po' boy for days and this hit it out of the park - stuffed to the brim with grilled shrimp and their homemade remoulade sauce. Service was super friendly and attentive. Excellent experience.Excellent place a little bit hidden and far from New Orleans. Since we live at the border of Jefferson and New Orleans, I like to explore. Great vibes, a lot of locals. Generous plates of seafood and fish.The one star is strictly because Seither's cannot get there hours straight. I have been burned twice because of it and don't plan on going back there. The only way I will go back (and give Seither's  a good review) is if they figure out when it is they are actually open because it is clear they have no clue. The very first time I went to Seither's; they were closed although Google Maps or somewhere said they were open till 8. Yes, I called to verify they were open and there was no answer. But I've called other restaurants with no answer that listed they were open somewhere online and was fine. So we foolishly risked it and were extremely let down. But why is it so difficult to have a voicemail set up stating the business hours? Why does it go to a fax line? Is it really difficult to set up a voicemail and let people know when you are open? Besides the location, the hours of a business are the second most important bit of information about that business. It's information that tells patrons when to go to an establishment. I have now gone there twice, both times with 6 people and had to turn around and make other plans. It's frustrating to have to come up with a backup plan because Seither's unorganized. Not that I thought I was alone, but I am not the only one that has fallen for your falsely advertised hours which are now uselessly listed on your website. Seither's, stop losing business from me and others alike; get your act together.Everything about my visit was great.  Service, food, and other customers shared their table with me because I was a party of 1.  Would definitely go back!Best local seafood place around (Harahan) for boiled seafood, innovative poboys, and authentic atmosphere. While the service is great, seating is very limited. If you have to eat during a busy time, take-out is the way to go! If you have time to wait, then the wait is definitely worth it because you will be rewarded with fresh, tasty seafood. I do wish the poboy options on the menu had better descriptions, but since they don't, I recommend the Rock 'n Roll (sushi & poyboy had a baby!), and the Crab Au Gratin (Italian inspired crab poboy). Also of note is that the poboys do not come with a side, but if you order onion ring appetizer, there will be plenty enough to go around.I can't believe I haven't written a review about this place earlier!  Seither's knows seafood and works magic with every dish they put out.  Their boiled crawfish is the best in the city and their shrimp poboy is also my favorite.  I don't eat raw oysters but my friends just roll their eyes in sheer pleasure when they eat them.  Service is always attentive.Perfectly cooked local seafood-----
What better way than to spend a lovely summer afternoon with a good friend at a family-owned restaurant that serves local seafood!
Seither's on Hickory Ave in Harahan is a no-nonsense place for an array of delicious dishes.  From boiled to fried seafood, pasta and salads, and traditional poor boys, Seither's serves it.
On today's visit, well after 2:30 pm on a weekday, most of the tables in the dinning room were taken with people enjoying a variety of offerings: boiled crabs, crawfish, gumbo, grilled tuna.
There are tables outside, weather permitting, to enjoy your meal as well.  
We had the fried seafood combo: catfish, shrimp and oysters, and of course French fries.  All good.  One can tell a read good seafood establishment if they make their own tartar sauce.  They do!
Next time you want good local seafood cooked to perfection, served by pleasant staff, find your way to Seither's.  You won't regret it.Food is good but for the price of their poboys and onion rings there is other places with a better bang for the money.The eggplant harahan was amazing. Came with a work group and most ordered the boiled crawfish and said they were great. Since we are from swla, that was high praise. Friendly wait staff and great food at a funky hole in the wall. Highly recommend!Wow, how amazing is the food and service here. I travel to NOLA for cruises, and literally time my arrival and departure from there to allow me to eat here at least twice. Over the years the food has remained equally impressive, and everyone I take there has the same reaction. You can't go wrong, but the bread they use on sandwiches is without compare, and the seafood is the freshest. Enjoy your dinner!!!Food was delicious! Prices are a little high in my opinion but worth it. They are always busy so we sit at the bar on the left side. Great service!There is only one thing to say about this place -GREAT, FABULOUS, 
 Friendly Service, Clean, Hot Food, Generous portions for your money.  OK - Many great things about this place.
If you are in this area, put this stop on your list for lunch or dinner.  You will not go home hungry.This is my favorite place to eat crawfish!  It's awesome!  The only downside is there isn't many tables to eat at so go early to beat the rush.Cannot comment on the food because didn't get that far. Arrived at the restaurant at 6:30 nobody acknowledging that we're standing in the doorway waiting for a table. Finally, someone asks if we're waiting, and they put us on the wait list. 45 minutes pass with open tables not being bussed so the wait continues. Finally after being seated , several others are seated after us and their drink orders are taken. So at this point an hour and 15 minutes of waiting with not even a drink order in we decided to leave. They were not crowded enough to use that as an excuse. Service was unacceptably awful. Will never go back. Will not recommend to anyone. Honestly they do not deserve a star.I'm from Chicago and landed here in NO and wanted something authentic.  Yelp didn't let me down.  This is about 15 min from airport.  
Was definitely a dive place and could be on triple D for that quality of ambiance.   Didn't want to risk hepatitis so no bathroom stay even after I walked into it ....I left.  
Now with that said I was still willing to eat here and glad I did!  
Had the shrimp platter boiled and also cup of gumbo.  The shrimp was a bit over done but was fresh and very flavorful.  The gumbo was amazing and I recommend it to anyone!!  
The other guys in my group had poorboys and they all looked awesome.O. M. G. 
I'm scared to say anything about this place for fear that I will never be able to get inside the doors again. It was bad enough that they were closed on the Sunday and Monday when I was in town last. 
This place is a tiny hole in the wall that is a delicious surprise on the inside. Imagine New Orleans seafood fused with sushi flavors. There you go. Delicious all the way around. I wouldn't miss it for anything.A small place with great seafood and poboys. I personally like the shrimp and avocado poboy. Good place to go grab a quick lunch. Never been there during evenings.First timer & WOW I'm a fan! I was expecting to have a regular shrimp poboy tonight but tried the Rock & Roll Shrimp poboy and it did NOT disappoint! Delish & different. Loved it all. Impressed!Stopped by the oyster bar side for dinner. Met Doc and the owner. All great guys. Super welcoming and helpful picking from their diverse menu. This place is amazing! Sad I'm only in town for 1 more day, as I'd go back. A must for anyone looking for authentic, local food that is off the beaten, touristy path.BEST CRAWFISH I'VE HAD IN YEARS!!!  mad credit to Jason, who showed us the place.  i mean he's got it DOWN with the crawfish.  oysters were huge and sweet and not a hint of fishiness.....
i wish i could have Jason send me lbs. of crawfish every month.  you know you're getting it done right when you have to pick through the bay leaves to get to the bugs.  i'm not lying, best crawfish to get in the area.Gumbo was on point. Small place so get there early at lunch. Nothing fancy but the service great.Cannot get enough of this place! Blackened shrimp salad, fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade, and andouille sausage and shrimp poor boy this time! We also enjoyed the best raw oysters around and boiled shrimp prepared by Doc. The ice cream nachos and bread pudding weren't bad either.I would normally give Seither's a "5 star" rating but the main reason I'm not is because our waitress sucked.  My co-workers and I sat outside and before she took our order, we told her we wanted seperate checks.  Well, she tells us she can't do seperate checks but it clearly states on the menu that they can't do seperate checks for parties of 6 or more.  There was only 5 of us.  That should have been a sign right there.  
She takes our orders and 10 minutes later, brings our drinks but rather than set our drinks infront of us, she put them at the end of the table and we had to distribute them out ourselves.  The food came out pretty quickly and again, she sets everything at the end of the table and we have to distribute everything out ourselves.
She comes out to see if we need anything else and we tell her go boxes and the check.  She brings the check out and promptly runs off.  She comes back out about 10 minutes later and asks if we've figured out what each of us owes.  I'm sorry but aren't you the waitress and isn't that your job to figure out what each of us owes?  I pull my phone out and figure out everyone's total and tell her, which was a waste of my time because she's going to figure the totals anyone cause who's to say I told her the right amount.  She takes our cards and cash and comes out with our receipts and the change from the cash but doesn't give each person their change but rather plucks it all down on the table in a pile and tells us we need to figure out what our change is.
I love Seither's Seafood but she just SUCKED!!  Needless to say, she didn't get very good tips from us but then when we're having to do her job for her, why should she?It's somewhat worth a 20 min drive from downtown New Orleans! The soft shell crab salad (amazing) was anything but a salad - 2 good sized soft shell crabs adorns a fried tortilla filled with grilled shrimps and avocado. We then ordered The Hamper, a seafood boil featuring shrimps (not the freshest we've had), blue crabs (very fresh and juicy) and crawfish (very fresh as well) tossed in Cajun spices. If you're looking for a seafood boil with a buttery and garlic laden Cajun sauce this is not the place for you - here the powdered spices cling to the shells of the seafood and may in some spots be overwhelming. 
For the amount and quality of seafood the price point is very attractive (USD60 was our tab). Servers are pissy but one can only expect so much from a low key joint.Although I'm giving this experience 4 stars, I will go back and gladly update to 5 stars if necessary. My 4 stars are simply based on there being no fresh oysters the night I went. One couple next to us left because they had driven in just for the oysters. Another man behind us asked about them and was disappointed. I will say the waitress was extremely nice about it & all guests she had to let down were very thankful for how pleasant she was, us included. Other than that, it was a wonderful night. Our meal, which was a special (fish) that I do not know the name of but will post a picture of, was soooo yummy! The waitress talked it up, and it delivered! Also, they have only 3 dressings for their salads, but they're all homemade, and I could have drank a cup full of the sesame ginger one because it was so delicious. The meal was truly good enough to make me want to go back soon-- just hopeful I can try the oysters!Great menu of very reasonably priced food! Especially impressed with the Po boy selection. I had the shrimp and avocado and loved it!!I went for take out because of a coworker recommending how good the food was. I got the eggplant harahan & my hubby got the shrimp with avocado. As I went to pick up the food; the dining area is so small, you have to squeeze in between two tables & chairs to get to the pick up counter. The lady was not friendly at all! I saw a man preparing my eggplant and placing it in the to go box with his bare hands; no one wears gloves back there! That grossed me out. As I stood there a man behind me must have gotten annoyed that I was waiting for my food behind him; backed his chair up so it would be touching my leg/ butt! Rude! There's no place to stand or wait so what are you supposed to do. All in all the food was ok, fries were soggy. We will not return, sadly dissatisfied.Seithers to me is a go-to lunch spot. They do magnificent poboys. My personal recommendation is the soft shell crab and their specialty rock n roll poboy. They do a gumbo with jambalaya rice which is full of great flavor. The only downside is the service can sometimes be a little slow and the prices can be a little high. Oh, this place also does great crawfish and pretty good raw oysters. Definitely worth trying..Saw the reviews so I had to try it out. Rocky parking lot. Small restaurant, friendly staff. Maybe I came at a bad time since they are closing for 1 1/2 week so things were out and things were kinda old. I had the tuna volcano, it would of been great if the tuba was fresh!I came for the boiled seafood. The boyfriend got the 'gumbolaya' and the shrimp and avocado poboy. I got a pound of shrimp, a pound of crawfish, and a blue crab. The gumbo was solid. The shrimp in the poboy had good flavor and texture. The bread was crunchy, not hard or soggy. It was a little messy and could have used a little more acidity and spice. The only hot sauce on our table was tobasco, which, having both vinegar and pepper, which would make the sandwich more balanced, but I dislike that brand quite a bit. The boil took a while to be ready but didn't disappoint. It was spicy and savory and all of the crustaceans were cooked to perfection. It took a long time to eat and was very messy, and since I hadn't ever disassembled a crab before I had to consult google about it, but I left feeling completely satisfied with my experience.
The service was a 5/5
The bathroom is about a 2.75/5Omg this place, music, and service was freaking awesome!!! My first review for anything on here and they truly deserve it...I recommend this place to anyone for some good old Louisiana cooking!!!Awesome food!  The food is very delicious. Its a little pricey but when you get awesome delicious food, thats no problem! Will definitely eat here in the future.I love this place! I took my mother in law here while she was visiting from Arizona. 
The tower of onion rings is truly a tower! It was well cooked, came out hot, and they were thick. 
The stuffed mushrooms were really good as well. You get to taste the corn and crab soup that is put on the plate under the mushrooms. 
My brother in law ordered the cup of corn and crab soup and he thought it was amazing. 
We ordered "the hamper" plus 2 lbs of extra crawfish. The hamper and 2 lbs fed my mother in law, husband, and myself. We ended up taking a hudge grocery bag home. In the hamper is crawfish, shrimp, king crab legs, and 2 blue crabs! It was amazing! Well seasoned, hot, and priced perfect! The hamper was $32 and fed 3, plus our leftovers fed myself and our roomate the next day. My roomates also agreed they were the best, cold and the next day! 
The ONLY reason I can't give this restaurant a perfect is because the wait staff. As previously reviewed, the wait staff are not the friendliest. Well, after my visit I understand why. THEY DON'T PAY THEIR WAIT STAFF! A waitress told my table of four that they only ever receive tips, and if you don't have a table you don't make any money. I have debated on calling the labor board. They deserve there $2.33 an hour. It would definitely improve the moral.
Please visit! The food is awesome. Just be sure to tip so the girls aren't working for free.Wow wow wow! Loved this place!! A few friends and I travelled to Louisiana and were looking for authentic food and culture. This was be best food we had in the New Orleans area, okay, probably the best food in my life! We tried a few pounds of crawfish and the shrimp poboy. Amazing! None of us had eaten crawfish before, but our server (who we affectionately nick-named Bubba) showed us how to eat them! He was so fun and asked us about ourselves and added so much to our experience! What a fun guy! The crawfish (I don't have much to compare them to) were to die for!! The seasoning was amazing, and so succulent and juicy. Our poboy was also great- beautiful and tasty. These people really care about food and their restaurant. We also loved the oyster shell driveway! I would drive the 15 hours just to get some more crawfish!Absolutely brilliant local seafood place here in New Orleans. The best crawfish and soft shell crabs I've had by far.This place is awesome! It is simple but elegant, and embodies everything you want from a place in Louisiana.  The food is fresh and delicious; Doc is a master of sea food, and hilarious. You will not regret it.Just sat there fro 10 mins and never got waited on by either of the 2 waitresses. Place not busy , only 4 tables occupied . You could tell that they were just not interested.
One other table had to keep asking for things .
Terrible serviceMiss Ruby is super friendly and give you the low down on the best foods there. They always have a decently priced crawfish boil. 
Also got sole entrees. Soft shell crab nachos was amazing! Wish the portions were bigger for the price but it was tasty. Also got the fish salad. Seafood was perfectly seasoned but wish it was a bigger portion for the price
Its usually pretty busy here but love the atmosphere!We ordered Togo and got 5 pounds of crawfish and a shrimp pasta. The crawfish had good flavor but most of them were dead and there was a least a pound of zucchini with the crawfish. I have never seen zucchini in a crawfish boil? The pasta was bland and had very little shrimp. I was so disappointed with the pasta.Only reason this is not a 5 Star review is because of the service. The Food was awesome and reasonably priced and I highly recommend. However this is not the place to go if you have somewhere else to be by a certain time. Our meal took us 2 hours! 
Our waitress kept disappearing and it was like a 20 minute wait for her to bring our check.. another 15 minutes or so for her to return our cards to us. We are fairly certain she was on something but maybe she wasn't and she is just an airhead.
When we were done, she came over and asked if we were finished and we said yes but that we want to keep the little seafood we had left while waiting for our to go food cause we were going to give it to the table sitting next to us when their food arrived..: she said "ok, I'll just take the trash out the way". She then grabbed our tray with our seafood and before we couldn't even object walked out the front door.. not sure where she went but we never recovered the food and she never did pick up the trays of shells
The couple next to us ordered 10 pds of crawfish. They then changed their mind and call their waitress over (5min after they ordered originally) to change their order to a hamper (crabs, crawfish, snowcrabs and shrimp) this lady seriously told them that they couldn't change their order because "he already dropped the crawfish" as if they boil the crawfish on a per order basis. But let's just entertain the idea that they do actually boil on a per order basis .. the table behind us had just ordered 3 hampers and she hadn't turned their order in yet so they could have just used the extra crawfish for those orders... but we all know this is not how things are done anyway... 
Let's just say this couple was way nicer than I would have been about this. 
Anyways. Food is great.. I'm confused about the staff but it's totally worth the trip to harahanDuring our stay we ate at several "local" places, but each of them left us wanting to venture a little further away from downtown to find that true "down home" cooking. 
We stumbled upon Seithers, and boy were we happy we did.  The fish was fresh and the presentation far exceeded anything we had at some of the swanky places on Bourbon Street. 
The restaurant is small, the chairs are uncomfortable, and the AC has trouble keeping up, but once the food hits your lips you forget about all of that. Each dish is creative and unique. We only wish we had the opportunity to sample a little piece of the entire menu. Unfortunately, our stomachs don't have a large enough capacity. We will definitely return during our next visit to the NOLA area to try some more of the culinary talent at Siethers.This is a place to go for fresh, amazing seafood.
Forget overpriced touristy places downtown that you can go to in any other city.
Since I discovered it I went there every night for dinner.
Nice people, local atmosphere.This is one of my favorite seafood restaurants in the metro area! I've had many lunches and dinners here and have never been disappointed. One of my favorite dishes is the salad that comes with fried oysters and bacon. The oysters are huge and the salad is enough for a full meal and then some! My boyfriend and I also frequently share their fried seafood platter. The platter is a generous serving with really clean, fresh tasting batter. I haven't tried many of the Asian fusion dishes they offer, but they all look amazing and many of my friends have enjoyed them. Definitely worth visiting if you're in Harahan. If you're not in the area I'd make it a point to get over there!We found this hole in the wall place in New Orleans and it is a gem.  Very small restaurant.   We could not sit in the main restaurant  (about 11 tables) so they asked if it would be ok to sit in their bar area.  Two high tops and about seven bar stools.  We sat at the bar and ordered up crab cakes and the tuna appetizers.   Both were delicious and the crab cakes were large and wonderful.  Next we ordered the Rock n Roll shrimp poboy and the regular poboy as well as the tuna volcano.   Everything was wonderful.  The tuna volcano had about  5 pieces of tuna as well as lumped crab meat mixed in with the cheese on top.  This is really a unique dish.  Prices were very reasonable. 
  Wait staff were friendly and it was fun watching them shuck oysters.   Highly recommend this place.I was excited to try Seither's. I had looked at the online menu several times before our visit last night to get some ideas. Imagine my disappointment to find out that the online menu was old and most of the dishes I had singled out were not available any more. 
The Cajun corn appetizer was delicious!!  I ended up with just a fried shrimp platter. It tasted good, but it was not what I had in mind originally. I did not care for the home fries at all. My friend had the pasta, she said it was just OK.   I don't think we will be back. I would strongly urge management to either update their website more often or take it down if they r going to provide outdated info.I got crabcake pasta Friday. It was okay but nothing outstanding. I found that the pasta was slightly undercooked, and the crab cakes could have had more crab in them. My godmother also got the same thing that I got. And we both noticed that it was a lot more breading than it was crab. I was expecting crab cake pasta with a cream sauce. But what I got was cream sauce that was the same as the bisque. I think it would be better if it was just a cream sauce and they not use the same stuff they use for the soup. All in all it was okay but I don't do not think I will be buying this again. Also the bisque I don't remember seeing any kind of seafood in it but it was good I would recommend this place but they have room for improvement.
Edit: 02/12/16 I got the crabcake and shrimp pasta,  but they forgot the shrimp.  It's good but kinda weird to put chunky peppers and onions in with the noodles and sauce.One more meal like this here and I would have to give them 5 stars.  The attention to detail is just terrific.  I split a dozen raw oysters with my wife and it came with a really great spicy red cocktail but not cocktail sauce.  Can't really say what was in it but I didn't need anything else.  The oysters were enormous, just beautiful.  I wish they had cleaned them a bit before shucking them because they were a little dirty but otherwise great.  
I ordered the blackened shrimp po-boy with avocado.  I loved this sandwich.  Wouldn't change a thing.  The had it noted as a po-boy festival favorite and I can see why.  Lots of shrimp nicely spiced with a generous portion of perfectly ripe avocado and sauced.  I also tried one of my wife's fried green tomatoes and sampled her gumbolaya.  The tomatoes were just beautiful.  The gumbolaya was chicken and sausage with a scoop of jambalaya in the center.  This was really well done.  I wish I had ordered a bowl of it myself and I definitely will next time.  
Next time I am in the neighborhood I will be back to try more.  Can't wait.They won Poboy Fest this year! Congrats! Still a local favorite for me for fresh seafood. We tend to sit at the oyster bar a lot because it's hell a fun, but either side will be just as tasty. In all the years we've been visiting, we have never ordered something we didn't enjoy. As other people state, the menu can be limited on descriptions so ask your server. All of the servers are very knowledgeable about menu options, and we've never had a bad service experience. Rock N Roll will always be one of my favorite poboys ever, but the nachos are a new favorite that I've been ordering a lot. Still hard to get a seat/table during rush times, but ALWAYS worth the wait (or order to go).While I still can smell the crawfish on my fingers...l need to write this review. It's a total dive and/or/but the crawfish are hot. Let me explain.
I've been on a mission to find some hot and spicy boiled crawfish. I've not been too lucky yet, but this place serves them up hot. I don't know about you but I don't really care for establishments that bring out some cold ass boiled crawfish. When I order boiled crawfish I want just that. Straight out of the pot, steaming and burning my fingers. Seither's were hot but not spicy enough for me. I'm picky, I know. It's the Houma in me. 
The shrimp poboy was pretty good and the roast beef was even better (and I'm no roast beef poboy fan).
Service was quick but not personable.If you love salt, you'll love the hell out of this place. Service was good though. I probably won't be back.I had the special, triple tail fish with shrimp, roasted red potatoes, cherry tomatoes and fresh asparagus. Amazing is all I can say. Definitely coming back!The only bad thing about this place is the size of the dining room..it is very popular and very crowded every time we've gone. The dining room is really cramped. However,the food is really great! The boiled crawfish is delicious! I love their crab cake pasta!The reviewer above pretty much said it all! Having just recently moved to Harahan, my discovery of Seither's was random and amazing. I would drive by this small building with cars lining up and down Hickory to get a parking spot and wonder what all the commotion was for such a small joint. My first experience was in the seafood market part to pick up some boiled crawfish to go. I walked in and out in all of 5 minutes and it was truly some of the best seasoned crawfish I have ever had the pleasure of eating. My only regret is forgetting to order the corn and potatoes as well! Several days later, made my SO go with me to the restaurant to try out their menu ( I took a menu home with me when I picked up the crawfish). I had the grilled snapper which came with sausage and chicken jambalaya, garlic bread, side salad and corn and he had the shrimp & corn bisque and the barbecued shrimp over angel hair that also came with garlic bread and a salad. I really enjoyed everything we had between the 2 of us, however, I wasn't a huge fan of the seasoning on the snapper. It didn't matter too much though because I was so stuffed from everything else. Each entree was approximately $12-15 and the soup I think was around $5ish. For the quality and amount of food, it is a steal! We went at about 8:00 on a Saturday night and had no trouble getting a table (thank God!). Will definitely be returning soon. A must try for seafood lovers and those who want a good ol home cooked meal.perfect divey joint for some real Louisiana seafood. I had the blue crab and the crawfish. The flavor was amazing-- infused with delicious spices to compliment the fish perfectly. This place certainly does it right. I'd recommend the BBQ shrimp and shrimp/avocado po boys as well since that's what most of my group got and they were all very pleased.This place is a gem!!! Amazing food! Louisiana/ Cajun food with an Japanese inspired twist!! The food is also fresh and hand made. Honestly no frozen food here! The food here is so good y'all!The food is amazing. The restaurant itself is smalll but has a nice family feeling. It's a wonderful twist on traditional seafood!!This was my first time checking this place out and it will definitely not be my last! I had heard it was small on the inside and sometimes a long wait for a table so when I was parking there was a crowd outside which scared me. Come to find out it was just a big group eating boiled crawfish at the tables outside. We walked in and got a table right away and was ordering our drinks and looking at the menu. Unlike all the great Louisiana seafood places in the area they do it a little different it's Louisiana seafood with an Asian mix. They do have some regular seafood platters and boiled. We ordered 3 appetizers the Frog legs which were excellent with a great tasting batter and sauce on them. Then we had the fried crab claws which were good but same as most at restaurants. My favorite was this tuna like a poke loa with these Mexican baked chips or whatever it is to put some on and eat. It was really good with a great flavor. Then we ordered two Poboys the Rock-N-Roll and the other was the blackened shrimp and avocado. The Rock-N-Roll is a lot like the sushi roll but on bread. It was amazing with such great flavors like nothing I've ever tasted before and may be my favorite ever! The other one was really good too but after tasting the first one it didn't stand a chance! One thing on the Poboys the bread is different and not real Poboy bread and more of a roll but it worked. I will be coming back often to try more things off the menu! I had read on here how service wasn't great here but it was excellent for us. Never had to ask for a refill of tea and she was there for anything we needed.Excellent local seafood joint.  These guys can work a fryer.  Your arteries may not thank you but your taste buds will.  Huge fan of the onion rings, which come out piled high, the fried shrimp and oyster poboy/basket.  During crawfish season Seither's has a great boil and at roughly $2 a pound the price is right.Surprisingly good seafood just off Hickory. The waitresses tend to be attentive. My only complaint is it's a little hole in the wall, and it can be hard to get a table!After following Jason Seither on Facebook , I was in!!! Went with friends on Saturday night.....of course, we started with a couple of dozen raw. As soon as I placed my dinner order, I ordered a half sack for Thanksgiving. They were briny, fresh, and clean. Although there are seafood vendors closer to home, Seither's was the only one who would guarantee a price on a half sack! We all ordered different entries and were not disappointed. I ordered an appetizer....crab-stuffed oysters....as my entree, and it was a generous and delicious portion. I can't wait to go back!!Amazing seafood! Stopped here for a quick lunch and was blown away by the quality and taste of our meals. Everyone in the group gave it 5 stars. We wandered into the oyster bar side rather than the restaurant and thoroughly enjoyed our service! Could see making a drive the next time I'm in NOLA, so much better than some of the places in the quarterFabulous! We have visited twice on trips to New Orleans and have had a great experience both times. The food is so good -- on the last visit we had the barbecue shrimp and andouille sausage po'boy. The sandwich was chock full of delicious shrimp, sausage and sauce. It was finger-licking good. Our daughter had the nachos made with homemade chips, avocado slices, fish, and shrimp. Delicious. On a past visit, my son had the shrimp and avocado po'boy and I had the oyster and gouda monster. We've twice had the crab claws for an appetizer and would lick the sauce off of the plate if it was not such bad manners to do so. On the last visit, we completed the meal with a piece of pineapple upside down bread pudding. Absolutely amazing. We will go back. Dinner for four of us, each time, was about $100, but that included soft drinks, and beer for some of us.Excellent food and very reasonably priced! This is definitely a local favorite. I travel frequently so I was pleased to see good reviews for this restaurant on Yelp. The reviews were accurate. You won't be disappointed with this restaurant.We are glad to be in New Orleans during the crawfish season. We had some crawfish in Jackson MS before heading to New Orleans and we thought they were really good until we had better ones at Seither's. I would say Seither's probably has one of the best boiled crawfish in town. They were big, sweet, easy to peel, perfect seasoning and very reasonably priced at $3.99/lb. My husband and I started with a dozen of raw oysters ($12/dozen) and 5lbs of boiled crawfish. The oysters were very fresh and I loved their cocktail sauce. The highlight was the crawfish, they were so good we ended up ordered 4 more pounds. 
I took 1 star off because they didn't have any shrimp. I was kind of disappointed because that's what I was craving for going into Seither's. I also wanted the fried green tomato with shrimp, but because they were out of shrimp, they would use frozen shrimp instead. So I didn't order that. I would definitely go back again to try their shrimp some other time.This place is very plain no frills hole in the wall, Oyster shells cover the entrance to this place. But do not let this change your mind. Do not let the area scare you. You will be thankful you came to eat here, plus your wallet will to, I think for what you get, and you do get plenty, the prices are fair.
The wife had a Shrimp Po Boy, she was scared of being adventurous, she said it was good and tasty, but then she had a bite of my Pasta with Abita BBQ shrimp, and the food war was on, the Abita shrimp was awesome the pasta was a bit over cooked, but the shrimp made up for it, we went ahead and also ordered a pound of boiled shrimp it did have a kick as it was boiled in Cajun spices,  just yummy. The kiddos had a shrimp platter with fries and Pasta with shrimp.
For an appetizer we had fried green tomatoes with spicy shrimp, just incredible.the price for all of this including drinks and beer way under 100, so when in the Big Easy check this place out.This was a mixed bag for me.  I didn't read any reviews, just glanced at some photos.  On a second visit, I would pick the boiled seafood.  Got the fried seafood platter (23?), the tuna volcano  (20?)Jason, the culinary badass, and his team are fantastic! First place I go when I fly into town!First time and won't be last! Waitstaff was excellent. I had the corn/shrimp bisque and it was homemade deliciousness!!! My avocado/shrimp salad did not disappoint either (very generous on blackened shrimp and avocado). My husband and daughter had the boiled crawfish and were very very happy and full. Only thing that was missing was the corn in the fixings we ordered. We let it go because everything else was A+. Can't wait to try the oysters next time.This place is funny on the outside.  Rocky parking lot! Nice people though.  I bought five pounds of crawfish to go at $3.99/lb.  it's decent but I did not like the fact that the garlic and celery stalks were weighed in with my crawfish.  All the "extras" I didn't ask for was charged $3.99/lb.  they say it's a hit or miss with the "extras".  The crawfish were huge! However, about 1/3 of the crawfish were soft.  It tells me that they were most likely frozen and boiled again.  They don't cook to order but also cook a huge batch multiple times a day.  There's a good spice to the crawfish which I enjoyed.  I probably won't be back since I can go to Rouses and get cooked crawfish for cheaper and fresher.This place definitely deserves 5 stars!!!! Everything was absolutely delicious. The food came out very fast and the service was excellent. Thank you Charlotte for such an awesome experience on our first visit.Awesome funky local.  Really nice servers and the food was inexpensive and fantastic.  Tried the shrimp corn chowder that was great.  Oyster/shrimp Po boy was fresh and the bread was crisp.  Gumbo was average.  Small place so get there early!Amazing food!  We were in town for a business meeting and came across this local place.  We where welcomed and felt right a home.The best seafood! My kids loved the fried shrimp and we really enjoyed our soft shell poyboys. Only thing I would change is the bread.This place is ABSOLUTELY worth the drive out of the city. I know it's not that far out, but it's hidden on the less popular side of Hickory in Harahan. The crawfish boil was perfectly spiced, the crawfish are a bit on the smaller side this season, but that's certainly not the establishment's fault-- blame the cold weather. My friend and I had the onion ring stack, which neither of us could finish and the cajun street corn (bueno!) Next time, I think I'll try some of their more creative po-boy creations on the menu. Everything looked excellent and I'm looking forward to my next trip. I guess I should make an effort, seeing as I work only a half mile from this hidden gem.Amazing local spot for delicious seafood salads! Came here for quick lunch and wasn't disappointed.Had some great crawfish here on Good Friday.  Service was great too.  The benches outside let you enjoy the weather one a nice day too.My coworkers in New Orleans suggested this place. It was only a mile away from work, and I was in the mood for some New Orleans seafood. I was surprised by the look of the place from the outside, looks like a little shack. It was a cool day so all the doors were open and seats inside. Their menu is pretty simple, mostly fried foods. I ordered the softshell crab and it comes with a side of deep fried potatoes. They serve me a large cup of ice tea unsweetened. The softshell crab was tasty, crispy on the outside and juicy in the inside. It's not a place I would go back to, only because I like my restaurant a little fancier lol. I don't normally eat fried foods so I can't really judge whether the crab was excellent compared to other places I've eaten it . I've only had softshell crab in Thai restaurants in the batter is totally different from the New Orleans style. Overall I would recommend this place if you wanted a quick bite to eat.Amazing crawfish seasonings 
Service in the resturant isnt the greatest but its appropriate for a small  seafood resturant but Doc in the oyster bar is the best!! ask for the MOJO sayce when eating fried food its so yummy :)Best boiled crawfish in the metro area. The worst jambalaya in the history of mankind. It consisted of rice and nothing else. See picture. Sad part is, its a pricey side dish. It's poor quality took away from other good things. Service was good. Atmosphere is old seafood restaurant with limited seating. I've been in larger bathrooms on commuter jets. I'd go back and eat boiled crawfish and poboys but I wouldn't let the chef experiment on me with other things ever again. Stick to the basics and you'll be fine.Great personal atmosphere. My Barbecue shrimp Po-Boy was great and had a lot of meat. Also shared a few pounds of crawfish with my table. It was my first time eating them and the waitress was kind and showed us how. I will be coming back!This is a little hole in the wall I was excited to discover that is a small restaurant attached to a seafood market.  I had the boiled crawfish, and although they were out of season they were still a decent price and size and cooked and spiced perfectly!  And the staff were very friendly and provided fast service.Some of the best food I've ever had. Worth stopping in every time I'm in New Orleans area. Very small restaurant so there may be await but it's absolutely worth it.This place was amazing!  I ordered the shrimp, catfish and oysters with Jambalaya and was not let down.  If your ever in this neck of the woods and want a filling and great tasting meal - You've found your place.  I love all things Louisiana (especially the food).I get something different every time I come here. So far everything has been great! The Po-boys are not like any other Po-boys I've ever seen!The crawfish boil marketprice was $4.90 a pound!! And it was sweet, spicy, and fresh. This is a gem of a location- delicious, quick service, short wait, cheap and tasty eats, and it's clear why the locals swarm this joint.
We got the "Hamper" --1 lb shrimp, 2lb crawfish, 4 medium crabs, 1lb of snow crab plus some corn and potato, all for $32.
Oh, and theres plump and delicious raw oysters for a buck.
I'm coming back tomorrow to try their po boys.If you are looking for a local restaurant with great New Orleans cuisine this is the place to go. The atmosphere is very laid back and the servers are really friendly. The New Orleans shrimp chowder is one of the best chowders I've had. I would recommend the soft shell crab taco salad for sure, plenty of food to be your full meal.Great food Best Boiled Crawfish
Two of us went here and ordered the boiled crawfish, raw oysters, fried crab boiled potatoes, Grilled Tuna Platter. All was outstanding. The place is a bit of a dive but the food makes you forget about that. The owner won best crawfish and certain po boy specialties in the past.I've gone to many seafood places, and this place really stands out.  I didn't just get a 1/2 dozen oysters, but with a unique condiment "mojo sauce."  The jumbo shrimp were buttery in flavor, the crabs were huge, and the crawfish was delicious. The waitstaff are very friendly and attentive.  Will be returning for sure!I had heard of this place since I think it came in the top  10 for Brett Anderson's best NO roast beef po-boy. And then the other day a co-worker mentioned how much she liked it so another co-worker and I went there for lunch, and we both loved it. It has a great combo of funk and great food. Understand Harahan is ma terre natale so I was shocked to find funk on Hickory Avenue. The music was New Orleans R & B and added to the charm of the joint, and it is a joint. We both agreed it could have been plucked from the Forida keys and dropped in Harahan, a weird vibe.The food was great. We split some onion rings which were decent but not great (a little greasy) and both ordered the fried oyster, bacon, and mozzarella po-boy called a monster po-boy. It's only 6" but it is a powerful sandwich. I couldn't finish it but gave it a good try. The oysters were HUGE, like the size of half the palm of your hand. And they were served on a perfect piece of french bread. I will def go back there and highly recommend it to all my friends on yelp.You might drive right by and not even know what you just missed! This place is awesome. Crawfish have great flavor and the Kung Fu Tuna should be on your list. So much more on the menu I'd like to try. I'll definitely be back soon.Really nice people. Awful gumbo, it tasted like tortilla soup. Blackened red fish was decent, needed a lottttt of seasoning. Took a long time. Really really awkward seatingMy husband and I went there several days ago and we loved it. The food was seasoned well and not over cooked and service was great too. We really enjoyed ourselves. We will definitely be going back.The website says they are open in Monday's so we drove 30 minutes for this place to find them closed. Only open Tue-SatSooooo glad I took a Friends advice and stopped at this fabulous restaurant while visiting Nola!!!  If you are judging this restaurant by the outside you are making a HUGE mistake .. There is not much parking in the small rocky parking lot but you can park in the back or across the street... The restaurant is small but it is worth the wait if you cannot find a seat right away or you can take it to go.. we arrived an hour before closing , our waitress was so friendly and never made us feel rushed.. we had a party of 7, the waitress was well informed with everything on the menu and offered recommendations .. We started with homemade amazing onion rings, we then enjoyed boiled shrimp that were perfectly seasoned , over stuffed shrimp poboy, delicious soft shell crab, king crabs , bbq shrimp pasta and a bbq shrimp poboy .. after all of this fabulous food we had the nerve to ask about dessert!!! We shared the best piece of bread pudding ever sprinkled with powdered sugar and decorated with chocolate sauce.. when we left we were so glad to thank the chef for all of his amazing food ... so wish they had this restaurant in Phoenix !!! Thanks Seither's, we will be back !!!!Love the food at this place, I have yet to get a disappointing plate, except this time - I had gotten the soft shell crab special with the weakest mashed potatoes ever and asparagus.  This dish could have been an appetizer. I try something new everytime.
The service on the other hand is less desirable for as small as the place is with 2-3 servers. 
It is very disappointing to be forced to pay $30+ gratuity for 5 people to sit in a hot restaurant and horrible service.  I am always to over tipper but in this case very unwarranted. 
This last trip was very discouraging.Dude yeah..... This has to be the best thing in all of NOLA.  Jason cooks up something special and a little crazy every visit.  As a New Orleans native and a big boy I can promise you this place is a must try and the best food in all of NOLA.No way this place deserves all of the kudos here-until it looks like most reviewers are not from here. Now I understand. 
Oysters were chewy, batter was doughy. I am not a fan of open-faced poboys-if you are not, beware. They use a type of pistolette, not a good french bread one either. It was ok, but once I cut it to make it more of a sandwich than an oyster loaf it didn't hold up at all. 
The roast beef was shredded, the gravy had big onion pieces that seemed better suited for soup. What gravy was there was sparse and bland. The fried pickles were good, but for $9 they better be. They are served with an extremely dill tasting sauce, which was good, but I like dill. 
However, what they call french fries is sliced boiled potatoes that are then fried. Sounds good but not hardly edible, and at $8 they are insanely overpriced. 
Two "poboys" and the 2 sides hit us for $34. Very disappointed after all of the reviews and the big crowd that is always there that made us want to see what we were missing. As it turned out, not much. I may go there once more and try some boiled crawfish or shrimp. I'll review that then. Otherwise, go down the street to Koz's or trek over to Transcontinental to Short Stop for some real New Orleans poboys.Seither is one of the best cooks in LA!  His food is great, prices are great, and he too...well he's ok.  HA! just kidding .....the dude is super cool too!  awesome place to eat!My first boil.  The crawfish and the shrimp were very, very good.  Just the right touch of spice.  Even the french fries were good.
Friendly service.
The only thing that is a problem is that it is hard to get to, particularly if you're cabbing it in from the city.  But, it's worth it.First time here was great! We had the BBQ Shrimp pasta and a fish special they had that day food was amazing. Nice comfortable place with good prices and our server Dari was awesome.Great food! If you don't mind waiting outside a while for a table and sitting in a crowded loud room. The boiled crawfish was small. The corn & potatoes were way over priced at $5 for 2 corn, 4  potatoes. We also got a dozen raw oysters which were good.Great place!  Went twice this past week.  Weather was awesome to sit outside, service was great, and food was better!  Had Crawfish (was awesome), Gumbo (andouille and duck, awesome) and the Delacroix Nachos (freaking good).  I love me a local joint off the beaten path.  Don't forget to buy the kitchen staff a beer!Best seafood I've ever eaten. Small restaurant but really has the small town feel of Harahan!Hands down one of the best seafood restaurants in the Nola metro area. Would have given 5stars but server was a little off. 2 of the 5 drink orders wrong. Forgot my gumbo!!! But that will not stop me from returning and trying something new.  Biggest oysters I've ever had! Very well seasoned crawfish!! Fried green tomatoes might be the best I ever had!!!I ate in the French quarter last night at a seafood place. This food was much better, much more, and much less expensive. Tons of different poboy and private parking right in front. Don't miss the soft shell crab.Pretty unique menu. Fresh as can be oysters. Best boiled crawfish I've had from a restaurant. Definitely a go to spot.Great crawfish on Good Friday.  The atmosphere outside was nice and got to sit at the bench.Seither's is one of my favorite go to spots if I want to relax, have a beer, enjoy fabulous seafood, and outstanding service.  The Fried Green Tomatoes with Shrimp Remoulade is exceptional.  I have visited Seither's half a dozen times and always choose to sit at the raw bar to the left.  Doc always treats us right.The food is delicious here. I mean EVERYTHING is good.  I come here at least once a week.Dollar for dollar, best seafood in the New Orleans area. Oysters on the half shell with Doc is always great and if you see something on the specials menu get it, it won't disappoint! Siether's "niche" is boiled seafood, specifically crawfish (when in season), crab and shrimp and  is the most authentic cuisine you'll find out side of a locals backyard. Other things to try on the menu Eggplant Harahan, kung-fu tuna and the blackened shrimp n' avocado poboy.First time here.  Great food and very friendly staff.  I highly recommend the Gouda monster P.O. boy.  Fried oysters bacon etc.  Big enough to split.   Everything looks great.Today I had the best poboy in my life!  I ordered the barbecue shrimp and andouille sausage poboy, dressed with no pickles.  I'm the kind of person who eats plain food, but today I ventured out of my little box. I can't wait to go and have that poboy again!Slightly bigger than the usual fish shack, Not much to write home about from a decor standpoint, but that's not why you come to a place like this. (Go to the bathroom before you come here). The crawfish are great, they do run on the spicy side (but I do like spicy). They also serve them very hot from a temperature standpoint which I prefer as well. They come with the usual corn and potatoes but there were also carrots, sweet potatoes, and large heads of garlic (for those who would eat whole boiled cloves of garlic, wouldn't suggest it before going back to work, just saying). The boiled shrimp remoulade po boy was quite good as well, not sure why more places don't serve this.We tried to eat dinner here on a Monday evening but found they were clothes. Try the next day for lunch and glad we did!  Our waitress was wonderful and back home of the waitresses seem friendly and efficient. The food was great. We had the bright green tomatoes and shrimp as an appetizer, this could easily be a meal. It was delicious.  Also had the oyster bacon and mozzarella poorboy and barbecue shrimp, both were really good. We will definitely be back next time we are in the New Orleans area! 
We had trouble finding out hours on this restaurant, so we asked our waitress. They are closed on Sunday and Monday. They normally are open till either 8 or 9 in the evening depending on the day of the week.We thought it was average. My wife is a crab connoisseur and she said the boiled crabs here were good, but really not anything special. I didn't care for my spicy tuna poboy, it just had too much going on, and the bread seemed stale and too crunchy. The softshell crab was excellent, as was the Eggplant Harahan. I will say that our server (Debbie?) was one of the best we've had, anywhere.We sat for 25 minutes to not be greeted. We were told Shelby was going to come which she did not and no one even acknowledge us when we got there. That is ridiculous... will not be recommending this place because of it.I'm glad I decided to drive away from the typical French Quarter mayhem. The presentation and flavor rival a $$$ restaurant. The wait staff was simply amazing. Every customer enjoyed their food so much more thanks to an energetic and fun waitress. Shrimp and crawfish were good. And the owner/chef has a little flare for mixing up the flavor profiles.So I visited New Orleans for the Super Bowl and my hotel was 10 minutes away.  Someone recommended to me this place for crawfish and cajun food.  I stopped by here for lunch and found the place very easily.
From looking outside, you wouldn't think much of this place.  Once you enter, you will see a few tables, enough for about 30 customers.  I ordered 5 lbs for boiled crawfishes, eggplants and jambalaya.  The food came out in good time.  The crawfishes are amazing.  Just enough kick in it.  The fried eggplants cooked to perfection.  The Jambalaya was okay.  I had better before elsewhere.
I did go back to this place one more time for dinner and only ordered the boiled crawfishes.
Definitely a place to go to for crawfishes if you are in town.The food was outstanding!!  I searched for good seafood restaurants before we got to NOLA and that was a total hit.  The crawfish were big, the shrimp were awesome!  We wanted to try another place too before we went home and I was so disappointed we did that because it couldn't compare to Seither's.  Now I want to come back :)Loved this place for lunch! Fresh food and friendly staff!  A hole in the wall that is awesome.  Wear flip flops or a suit and tie!  The new addition of the oyster bar looks great too!Amazing local food. Not a fancy place but perfect for great seafood. Service was fast and friendly.With the exception of three shrimp that should never have made it into the pot, it was great! The three shrimp were soft & had a slight ammonia smell. Unfortunately my 11 year old boy ate one before we noticed & got an upset stomach. The waitress didn't seem too concerned when I showed her one and told her that it never should have been served in the first place. Check your good before you eat, but other than that it was good.
The oysters were extremely fresh.
We had: 
The hamper, 2 pounds of crab legs, two sides of corn & potatoes, and a sheep's head & soft shell crab special. 
Without the old shrimp issue it would be a 4-5 star rating.
Update: on the second try I got the waitress to understand there was a problem. By then the shrimp in question had been thrown away. I spoke with a manager/owner & let them know what the issue was. She assured me everything was cooked fresh daily. I assured her that I used to shrimp & know how to identify bad shrimp. She tried to take the shrimp off our bill. I declined because I think it weakens the message. (I'm not complaining to get a price break. I'm trying to point out an issue.) it was all cordial & professional.
I will be back again.
It was a great learning moment for my son. Now he knows what to look for. I will be checking it myself before he gets it though.Great Ersters
Bread
Salads
Psychedelic crab fingers
Local local local
Monster wedge salads12 oysters, 4 lb of crawfish, Doc the raconteur, and some Miller High Life later, Philippe is speechless. This whole scene was an Easter Tuesday revelation. Food is faith friends. Go see Doc.THIS IS THE BEST PLACE TO GET BOILED CRAWFISH. The food is a little pricey, but you get what you pay for. And it's quality. They have so many things to choose from and I'm so excited to come back and try everything until I've finished their menu.The food was amazing! I've been wanting to try it for a long time but always tried to go on the days they are closed. I'm so happy we were finally  able to try it . The staff is awesome and helped one another. I got the Tuna app and the crab claw app. Both were amazing. My friend got the boiled seafood plate and it was so much food. We will definitely be back soon. The outside seating was a huge plus. .This place was recommended by friends.  It is a tiny place in the middle of an industrialized part of town.  We were told this is the best seafood in Louisiana.... I agree!!!!   Huge portions.  Great service!!!!  The taste was amazing.  My wife had a fried shrimp platter and I had the barbecue shrimp po-boy. Mine was incredible.  The shrimp was on point.  The andouille slices were delicious and the bread was perfect. The barbecue sauce was like nothing I've had before.... but I could eat it at every meal.  My wife's plate came with TWO DOZEN fried shrimp!!!!  Add to that the potatoes and it was just too much for us to finish.  If you haven't been here, go.  Just try to beat the crowds because seating is extremely limited!!!  I'll be back!!!!This place got me hooked on crawfish. Small restaurant with big flavors! The service is great!Finally gave this place a try. The food were good but I wouldn't say it was the best boiled seafood. The crawfish were good sizes but I felt like it lacked flavor. The boiled crabs weren't full but did had lumps of delicious meat. Raw oysters were really dirty, inside and out. Looking at it kind of made me not want it. 
The thing I did liked was the seafood platter. Seithers special, it was called. Consisted of fish, shrimp, oysters, softshell crab and potato wedges for $33. It's a little pricey but with the portion and flavoring, it was worth it. I'd still give it another try.Ok, so I really want to like this place.  I have had their food twice and both times the poboys were DISGUSTING.
The first experience was at Poboy Fest a few weeks ago.  A friend I was with told met hat they won best Poboy the year before so I decided to give it a try.  I had their Seafood Au Gratin poboy.  It was cold and gross.  Even if it had been freshly made and warm, it wouldn't have helped this horrible concoction of seafood and cheese.  Two items that I love so I figured it would be great.
The second experience was last week.  I headed over to their shack on Hickory in Harahan.  Quite possibly the worst looking street in all of East Bank of Jefferson Parish.  Seithers is probably the worst looking building on that terrible street with is hard to do when you're competing against dog training facilities, car repair shops and VFW halls...  Nonetheless, I was there for the food.
They had a pretty large selection and I probably should have gone with the shrimp remoulade poboy (apparently the winner of last year's Poboy Fest) but instead I somehow chose the crab cake poboy.  When I ordered it, the woman at the counter asked if I knew it was grilled in a suspicious way.  I said sure and then immediately regretted my choice by the way she asked.
I love crab cakes and how bad can a great crab cake on poboy bread be?  Well I guess you would have to start with a great crab cake.  This was the most disgusting crab cake on earth.  Some gooey horrible mess that squeezed out of the bread.  If there was one ounce of crabmeat in it then I couldn't find it,.  I felt like Gordon Ramsey how he always orders the crab cake at every restaurant he saves and tells them how horrible their crab cakes are but it was this bad.
On top of that, the crab cakes were cold in the middle.  I don't know where they came up with this recipe for crab cakes or who in the world would order this horrible sandwich but they need to remove it from the menu.
That said....  I'm going to give them one more try.  I know that a lot of people love this place and the oysters that the table next to me were having while I waited for my poboy to be ready looked delicious.  I guess next time I will ask what they recommend before going off the cuff.Another spot that just doesn't disappoint! The prices seem to have gone up some but i just can't be mad because its quality food and quality artistry with a special touch of fairytale cooking! Just really done well here!This was the best quick stop ever!! The food was absolutely amazing. I ordered the seafood platter and it was enough to feed 3-4 people easily. My friend ordered the snow  crab platter,  and OMGGGG! I don't think she even stopped to breathe! She is still talking about it days later. This is a must if you ever in the area!!! You will love ALL THE FOOD!This place is fantastic! If you're asking yourself if this is the place to go, the answer is YES YES YES!  Seriously legit seafood.Sorry to be the bummer on this one but had bad dinner.  For how small the location is thought service would have been better.  My shrimp OMG was really good but dinner not so much, was suppose to be shrimp and crab w pasta, they forgot the shrimp.  She said she would bring some out to mix in and I literally get 5 baby shrimp.  Sorry for bad review but wasn't happy:(.Such a cute place! Owner works in back all hours they're open. You can tell a lot of love goes into their food. We shared a hamper minus the crawfish because wasn't the season. So lovely.Chargrilled oyster poboy was fantastic. Portions are big here, so you shouldn't leave here hungry.Loved this place! If it wasn't for help we wouldn't even have known about it. I loved how fun the outside looked, it just took you to a whole other place. You didn't feel like you were in southeast Louisiana. Maybe the Caribbean or The Keys. When we got out of the car we saw this casually dressed chef/cook picking fresh herbs out of their garden. Throughout the entire visit we saw him do that, that is pretty dam awesome in my book. The vibe in there was pretty chill. I told our waitress that whoever is in charge of their radio needs a raise. All 90's alternative/rock. Was in heaven. We tried their fried green tomatoes for starters. Holy lord, those were the best friend green tomatoes I've had in my ENTIRE life. When I had told the waitress how amazing they were she said that they get their veggies from a local farmer. That made it even better in my book. My friend got some kind of tuna/crab volcano dish. I took a few bites and wow is all I can say. Best seared tuna I've ever eaten. I got the crab au gratin poboy. I wasn't really impressed, it just wasn't what I was expecting. It was like eating a flavor lacking stuffed crab with some shredded  cheese on the top. That could just be personal preference though. But to me that wasn't  au gratin. The only negative thing I can say was that our poboys were cold, the stuffed crab part was still cold. The cheese wouldn't even melt. But we told our waitress and they put it longer in the over for us. Still freaked me out.  My cousin got the fried shrimp platter with fries. Being a shrimp trawlers granddaughter I am VERY picky and critical when it comes to shrimp. But these shrimp surpassed any expectation I had. They were super super fresh, they must use a local fish man also, and they were battered and seasoned perfectly. No iodine taste what so ever. They were absolutely delicious. The fries were really good too. We also tried their onion rings and they were extremely good! Breaded, seasoned, and cooked perfectly.  I really can't wait to go back and try more things. There was a Thai chili chicken platter that I wanted to try plus plenty plenty more. I'll be back soon!So every time I've ever visited Louisiana the first thing I do when I step off the plane is to get a poboy. I love trying them at different Restaurants.Now that I live here I've thoroughly enjoyed getting a poboy about once a week. My husband has lived here for a year so he knows places to go for poboys, although after trying parkway bakery's  I'm beginning to question his judgment. That's another review though. Anyways we were out driving around and hungry so he took me here. I ordered the shrimp remoulade poboy and it was absolutely delicious. It's actually the best one I've tried so far plus I liked that it wasn't fried, after all the ones I've been eating I needed a break from fried shrimp.
The service here was great. We were here during lunch and they were packed but our waitress was awesome. She was super friendly and explained different food items to me and she didn't miss a beat when it came to refilling our drinks. I will definitely be going back!!WORSE shrimp platter EVER shrimp are not butterfly and clean, fries burned shrimp are soft and batter fallen off. Will never order here againSome of the BEST boiled seafood in the city. Very casual. Great friendly staff. I only drop a star because the dining room is very small and you will probably bump chairs with the neighboring tables. However the food and staff really carry this restaurant. Highly recommend.The fried seafood here is only mediocre... the fried catfish pieces on a platter are nothing more than cheap cuts from the fish and too much batter.  Not impressed with the fried food at all. I do think their boiled crawfish are very good. The only complaint is when buying them as they are sold by the pound, you are paying for large chunks of soaked citrus fruit and veggies that weighs in with the crawfish. While the citrus make them very flavorful, you are paying for this which is not eatable. I got the fried green tomatoes and they were simi burnt flavored and over cooked. I might try some other items that are NOT fried and may go back to evaluate. I come from a family of local chefs and I too cook being born and raised here in Louisiana by an Italian family, so I know good food from birth. This place, so far, is a bit over rated in my opinion, but I haven't tried many of the other items as i mentioned.OMG. I ordered the whole fish, let me tell you, it was To Die For. Too bad it's far in Harahan but definitely worth the drive. Great cooks in that kitchen!Just happened on this little gem. What a find!  My husband had the fried shrimp platter and I had the blackened shrimp salad. We started with gumbo and shrimp and corn bisque. Everything was perfect.   Its our favorite new place and we'll be back soon!This restaurant's service is great and everyone seemed to be enjoying the seafood, but I had a problem with my Po boy. 
I got a BBQ shrimp and sausage po boy.  It was ruined by the fact that the menu didn't state that it had peppers in it.  I find cooked bell peppers gross. I wouldn't have ordered it if the menu was correct. Not wanting to waste food, I ate it anyway. 
The waitress said they have a lot of problems with the menu always being printed with errors. 
So be aware before ordering that you may want to make sure the ingredients are correctly listed.Great experience and great food. Service was outstanding even though they were busy. 
Not your normal, run of the mill seafood experience and definitely one you should try!What can I say about this place that isn't already obvious? It's great food, family friendly, no frills, get dirty Nee Orleans seafood at its finest. It's a small place, so the wait can be long, but so worth it. Pro tip: the small bar on the left is full service and first come first served.Wow!! Have your taste buds ready for an amazing experience...so many choices for creative and delicious entrees. The Rock n Roll po boy was amazing!! Service was great in the Oyster Bar Doc know how to take care of his customers. Highly recommend.Omg! Omg! Omg! Best Po Boys EVER. They got CRABS!! They got the best CRAWFISH boil EVER!! Wish they were open Sunday. Everything is cooked to perfection!This place is fantastic. I cannot wait to go back. The soft shell crab was great. I highly recommend this place.Seithers doesn't look like much, but looks can be deceiving! They have fantastic seafood. I have never been disappointed in a meal I've had there.  The blackened shrimp and avocado po boy and the shrimp omg are stand outs. The only thing i do not like is that their dining room is so tiny you feel a bit crammed in. But the foid is definitely worth it.The food was absolutely delicious!! We had the Buffalo Frog Legs, Crawfish, Catfish Poboy, Oyster Poboy and Shrimp Platter.... all was seasoned to perfection... my only complaint would be the wait... After eating, we said the wait was worth it.Stopped their on our first day in town. The menu on the website had so many interesting items we wanted to try. When we got there the real printed menu was very different.  After a little discussion we decided to stay. Waitress was Very understanding if we had decided to depart.Very glad we did stay. Had gumbo, fried seafood platter and several other dishes. The server who I don't remember her name but she's been there for 11 years treated us so well and took such good care of us since we decided to stay after the menu issue. The food was very,very good and we would return in a heartbeat. We did speak to the owner about the online menu issue but he has a good following and I don't think he grasped the importance of keeping his on line presence up to date. If it wasn't for the server's initial chat with us we probably would have left. The owner was a really nice gentleman who was fun to talk to. I guess he has a following because of his place being on diners, drive ins and dives. We were not aware of that nor would it have influenced our decision.  Go and enjoy! You won't be sorry. And I'll change to 5 stars when he fixes his online menus.Dios! Stop the world...please. this place..u get there and you see this small restaurant with a  perky look. You go in (we were lucky ..5 PM..still tables available) super nice waitress. Just by looking at the menu you know..smart menu,different, you dont know what to have. One of us got the crawfish (lives in Alabama now so..) ,other one had the monster po boy,I got the bbq shrimp + andouille, also we ordered onion rings and potatoes. The onion rings were delicious,a tower of them,the potatoes aren't regular fries..boiled and deep fried,super good. The crawfish were big,amazingly perfectly seasoned, the monster po boy HUGE,creamy,a combination of good flavors and the bbq shrimp andouille..where did they find that andouille?how can u make such a good mix without a fishy flavor or zero fatty bites. Maybe we were as lucky as all the people giving 4+ reviews,but the service,the flavour,the creativity make this place a really MUST for anyone. Nothing tasted the same,everything was well balanced,the po boy bread wasnt a normal french,no dry and even with the sauce it wasnt soggy. Lots of food,worth the price,yes..had to bring home half of the po boy,onion rings and the potatoes. THANKS for the experienceSkip all of the fancy New Orleans seafood restaurants and drive out to Harahan for this hole in the wall absolute bomb shell restaurant. My family and I found this place not too long ago by chance on yelp. We decided to give it a try and wound up loving it so much it is now my go to restaurant outside the New Orleans area. I have worked on multiple documentaries in the New Orleans area based on restaurants and seafood and I can honestly say I would put this up against the best New Orleans restaurants hands-down. The food looks amazing when it comes out and tastes even better. You will have 2 to 3 meals out of one plate so don't be afraid to share. Get the tuna appetizer it is quite possibly one of the best items of food I have ever had always cooked to perfection and pleaded like a piece of artwork. Do yourself a favor go to Seithers!!!!!!LOVE this local, seafood dive bar! Please know there is very limited seating, difficult to understand how to get a table, and not fancy at all. However, that being said, the variety of choices on the menu, the culture of the down home Cajun atmosphere filled with good people, and the unbelievable quality of the seafood makes this a 5-star rating! It's not like a real restaurant in presentation. More so, it's like you walk up to a seafood market that happens to produce incredible high restaurant quality meals. I was only passing through town for a night, found this place on Yelp with great reviews, found New Orleans BBQ shrimp (which is lots of butter and creole spices) on their Yelp menu as an appetizer. However, when I arrived, they did not have the same exact menu in print. They were so awesome to make me a BBQ shrimp entree to quench my craving, even though it wasn't on the menu!I had been trying to try this place for some times.  I have seen the pictures of their specialty meals posted by several friends and knew that I had to see this for myself.  However, their hours were not very convenient to us getting to try it.  Plus, we knew how busy it is on a regular basis so we were trying to find a good time.  Finally, we had the opportunity and took it.  The place was indeed very small but thanks to a friend who is always early we did not have to wait long before we sat.  The service was not very good. The waitstaff all ran between the inside and outside tables and it was very chaotic and confusing who was serving us.  
The food for our group of 6 was very slow to come out and came out at very staggered times.  The fried food was average.  I believe that this did not really stand out from the fried seafood anywhere else in the city.  The crawfish was had by one person in our party and he stated that it was good. I enjoyed the shrimp and corn bisque.  It was a white base not a seafood base as I have had in other places but the large shrimp that were obviously out of the shrimp boil in the back were excellent and added a great flavor.  Finally, the dish had been waiting months for.... the Tuna Volcano!  It was exactly like the pictured and better tasting than I had imagined.  I am not usually not a fan of crab salad but this was excellent and fresh.  The tuna was well done and the addition of the shrimp and sauces made the dish out of this world!  
We will be back.  But I know that we will be looking to go earlier or later in the night so that we do not have to deal with the chaos of the busy time.Had lunch a few weeks ago. I got a shrimp salad that was amazing!  The shrimp were huge and it was so tasty!  I couldn't finish it!  A Harahan Gem that needs to be discovered. This ain't your mamas poboy or seafood joint. I was pleasantly surprised by the sophistication of the menu. Delicious.Delacroix nachos and rock and roll nachos. Back up plan to boiled crabs. Suggest get side of eel sauce, bread is not toasted.Was in New Orleans for work and stumbled upon this restaurant. The food and service were perfect (if you like seafood).  We liked it so much we went back the next dayI'm too busy eating and salivating for my next selection to write a proper review! It's an OMG foodie moment!The wife and I visited there at 4:00 p.m. on a Tuesday and the place was already getting busy but we were able to immediately be seated inside.   As others have said the place is very small inside but also has outdoor seating.   I ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell and they were excellent.   For our meals the wife and I both ordered the Three Amigos (fried fish, shrimp and oysters) which was cooked perfectly with a nice light breading.   It's served with sliced deep fried red skin potatoes and toasted buttered Po-Boy bread.   All were great!   Service was good as well.   The only reason I didn't give Five Stars was that they only serve beer, wine and pop.   Other than that get there early and enjoy.We figured it had to be good as it was in a neighborhood and outside most of the tourist areas.  We were wrong totally wrong it was amazing!!  Going again!!Absolutely phenomenal. Love this place and the chefs specials that chef Jason creates. The eggplant harahan is one of my go to dishes, but you can never go wrong with one of their poboys as well. The pee paw, monster and blackened shrimp and avocado have all stolen my little foodie heart. The place is small so space can sometimes be limited but it is worth the wait. Try the crab claws for an appetizer! We went on a VERY busy Friday night about an hour before they closed and were still served hot crawfish! I was impressed being that crawfish are pretty limited right now. Great flavor, easy to peel and decently sized as well. The boiled crabs and shrimp were also sooooo good. This is by far my favorite place for boiled seafood and poboys. Their main dishes are incredible as well. Seithers is seafood magic  and also being featured on diners, drive ins and dives!!! So cool! If Guy Feiri knows to hit up seithers than you should too.We come here every time we travel to New Orleans.  We love crawfish with beer, everything else is too overfried for my taste but my boyfriend likes it.The food is good Seafood is always fresh with no fishy taste the waiters are amazing the make u feel like u at home!If you enjoy the flavor of oregano then you'll probably enjoy the broiled oysters. I can say they were cooked perfectly but just a heavy cloying taste of oregano and the mealy texture of unnecessary bread crumbs ruined these for me.I also had a bowl of their gumbo which was OK. There was a lot of seafood in it but the rice Taste it as if it had been sitting around for a while...the roux/broth  was lukewarm instead of hot. The tuna poke salad was good but the tuna portion was very skimpy. I would go again for the music the live music but I would just drink beers... I have eaten their crawfish before at various festivals and I just find it to be overwhelmingly spicy hot rather than savory..  $10 for a bowl of good tasty hot gumbo Seems reasonable but when it's not hot and it's served in paper plates bowls that price seems excessive to meI've probably passed by Seither's 100 times before actually going there. Its small so if you aren't looking for it you'll miss it. It's a dive for sure, but the food is legit. They are busy weekdays and weekends and it's small so it fills up quick. On a nice day we like to grab one of the picnic tables outside since inside can feel a bit cramped. You will find some of the best and freshest seafood here. I got the tuna salad and it was sushi grade and rivaled my favorite sushi restaurant as far as freshness and it tasted awesome! We also tried the fried seafood platter and it was great. You just can't go wrong with that. 
The service was nice, attentive and quick. I will definitely be back for some good fresh local seafood.I've worked in the Harahan area for close to 20 years and I thank my lucky stars that I discovered Seither's Seafood one day driving around trying to find a new place to eat.  I can't tell you the number of times that I've eaten there and will in the future.  
I took my Mom and sister there for lunch one day and even though my sister doesn't eat seafood (I know, can you believe it), she was still able to find a delicious poboy on the menu and she loved it.  
I currently work right around the corner from Seither's and on Friday's my co-worker's and I pick a new place to eat and we're going to Seither's this Friday.  A couple of them have never eaten there and they can't wait to try the food because of how much I and another co-worker praise them.
Keep up the great work and keep the FANTASTIC seafood coming.
DaniOur go-to place for crawfish.  You may pay a few bucks more but it is worth it.  Great boiled crawfish and a great menu.  Nice casual place to eat.Always wonderful , always like coming home ! Had the Po boy fest award winning voodoo  Po Boy and the best chargrilled oysters thanks to Scoo ! Mostly Thank you Hayley  for the fab service !! It was a great night !!Awesome boiled seafood. The shrimp poboy was also great, though the bread was a bit too crusty for my taste (I prefer crusty on the outside, soft chew on the inside)Very lucky to have this gem of a restaurant in my neighborhood. I've ordered several different items and was never disappointed. The volcano stack, tuna bowl, fried shrimp, chargrilled oysters, peepaw poboy and many more. Just a great little restaurant with above average foodI tried out several seafood / oyster places in New Orleans and this was the best. The oysters were so much bigger and the price was lower. I guess it helps that this place is a bit removed from the French Quarter so it is not as touristy. I am looking to going back in the spring time when crawfish is in season and smashing a big pile of them.If you like things done over the top, but not particularly good, you'll maybe love it.  I was really disappointed.  Everything was over the top and gloppy.  Their po-boys were iffy. They were out of lemons.  But, everyone else loves them and if you do, go for it.  My sister and her friend were also not impressed.The food is delicious; the best seasoned crawfish of any I've tried. I always end up coming back to Seither's. And the staff is super friendly & on top their game despite being overworked. The only reason I can't give 5 stars is because they are understaffed. We went to eat there a few weeks ago & we ended up leaving to eat elsewhere because of the understaffing. We have since eaten elsewhere again when we would rather eat Seithers for the same reason. & last night alone in the time we were waiting for a table they're were literally a half dozen groups who signed in then crossed off their names & left because there were empty tables that could have been used but no staff available to clean them & seat new customers. Seither's...you have the potential to be the best & keep your small resturant atmosphere if only you were staffed better to turn the tables over faster & keep your customers happy.Jason always does it right. Some of the best seafood I have eaten. Staff is always great and nice.  Always a good experience no complaintsSoft shell crab with grouper! Dari was great! Crabs were fabulous and the food is out of this world! A hidden gem and worth the trip!Awesome seafood and amazing tuna poboy. The staff is very friendly and will serve you well.The fried crab claws were yummy! Hubby got the volcano with tuna, shrimp & avocado (kinda like a sushi plate) and I got the PAstalaya wth shrimp & Tasso. Both were delicious!!! Very casual, laid back atmosphere. Waitress was very sweet with knowledge of the menu. We will def be back!!Get a bunch of po-boys and ditch the bread.
The tuna volcano was a disappointment.
The seafood hamper looked good, many were enjoying it.
The stale saltines dim the oysters.  It baffles me how a restaurant like this can completely miss things like this.  I guess they never try their own food.....I went here a week ago visiting from NC. The food was absolutely amazing. I didn't even get a chance to take photos because I was so busy devouring my meal. We ordered the hamper and ending up sharing it because it was so large. We even had food left over. My date is from New Orleans and said this place is a hidden gem and I agree 100%. The staff was friendly, the food was delicious, and the pricing was awesome. I will be returning. Thank you for an amazing dining experience.Stopped in because we wanted some boiled crawfish. We got the platter that had shrimp, crab, potatoes, crawfish, and corn. There was a TON of food and it was all delicious. Exactly what we wanted. Everything was flavorful, fresh and tender. 
Our server Dari was helpful and welcoming. Just the sweetest. She explained how to crack open the crawfish for us! She came to check on us a few times throughout our meal. 
The platter filled us up some but we decided to give the crab volcano a try. I mean how could you not?!? Have you seen the pictures? It was delicious and refreshing. A ton of crab at the top. 
Decor of the place was fitting. Bathrooms were alright but not the best. Although the price for what we paid for was amazing so I'm not complaining! You get a lot for your money!It's a small place, a bit off the beaten path. Maybe 9 tables.... and you have to share tables with others, not a big deal. 
We went during a heavy lunch time, so there were only 2 seats left. The wait staff was flying around helping customers, but they were nice. It's clean, but the customer turnover is quick. 
We ordered a dozen char grilled oysters, and gulf fish filets for me, and a Delacroix Nacho plate for my friend. 
The entrees came out first, and I ate the potatoes first then started on the fish. Both were very tasty,  but I kinda got a little full on the fried food. 
The Delacroix nachos had house made chips that were thin and very good, there was a crab dip and blackened fish with some shrimp tossed around. It was kind of bland. The blackened fish had no spice at all and was a very small piece. 
All in all, I would skip that. It's a good idea, but wasn't executed well. 
The oysters were large and had good flavor. 
It was a little pricey,  but I would go back to try some other things.