Delish after a long trip this was a treat. Tziki sauce light everything made in house. Highly recommendReally delicious chicken shawarma sandwich, and the guys who served me went above and beyond "good customer service".  I'm planning on becoming a regular!Delicious chicken shawarma and gyro sandwiches.  I preferred the chicken shawarma over the gyro.  Dinner plate portions are huge! Really loved the chocolate cake and baklava dessert- not homemade, but nonetheless delicious. This place is a great deal for the quality and quantity of food. Check it out.Pretty excellent gyro and hummus to go from this quick service spot. Quick moving line at 6pm Friday. In shared space inside the Jetgo gas station and c-store. I'll be back.This place is flawless. I cry tears of joy every time i eat here. I honestly have nothing bad to say. I'd suck the farts out of every seat in the Chalmette Theatre just to smell their dumpster.Had read the Gambit review and as long as I was there figured I'd get the combo plate. Wowza! For $11.49 it's a great deal what with salad, hummus, pita, and gyro & chicken over rice. Truly enough for dinner. More importantly it was all delicious. I had recently had a gyro wrap for the first time at another place and it was like sliced sausages (kinda fatty and a rough texture); not bad but not great. The gyro here was like the most finely sliced, leanest/highest quality of roast beef imaginable, but with its own unique taste which the tzatziki sauce enhanced (as did the garlic sauce for the chicken). 
Plus I appreciated the friendliness of the gent behind the cash register (son of the owner I believe) who, without my asking, offered a taste of both the chicken and the gyro dipped in their respective sauces. Look forward to returning!Deliciousness!! Super friendly, family owned and run. These people take great pride in the food they serve!!Truly authentic. Owner and staff are very friendly and welcoming, and the food is the real deal. It's delicious and legitimate. You will not regret trying this.Great philly cheese steak and Poe boy sandwich's. Everything is good here. Cannot go wrong with anything you orderJust amazing 
The best shawarma
Nicest people 
A must for every middle eastern food loversThis place has got it going on!  Yes it's in a gas station across the aisle from a convenience store but these guys are making a phenomenal food! 
The garlic sauce on the chicken is amazing and the sauce for the gyro is even better, with fresh onions sprinkled on  top 
Both meats are outstanding but I prefer the gyro meat, its nicely spiced and expertly cooked.  Portions are big enough I get second lunch out of it 
And although I've only gotten to go there are a few tables you could seat at and eat, places is very cleanI love this place!!! I have no complaints here he service is great the food is amazing I can eat this every day all day I just wish it was a little bit closer to me. I had the chicken shawarma and gyro platter with rice and hummus and there salad and a side of fries and I swear to you I have traveled and tried middle eastern food In different states from Chicago to Michigan to California and hands down this is the best out there.We had a chicken and beef shawarma and it was delicious. One of the best Mediterranean food in town. I would definately go back again. It would be better if they put the garlic sauce on the side instead on the top.It is at a gas station but dont be fooled!! Absolutely delicious!! The food was fresh and cooked to order. Some of the best hummus I have had. Everyone cleaned their plates... I will definitely be back.The vibe their is great but their food is better! I definitely recommend this place. The two guys who ran the store brightened our day and we left their smiling!Connected to a gas station but DON'T LET THAT DETER YOU!!! Seriously the BEST gyro of my life!  The hummus and garlic sauce are on point. To top it off the dude who owns this place is so friendly, kind,  and aims to please.  He makes sure he sends quality out for every order.  Portions are huge.  I wish this place existed back homeThe food is as legit as it gets, and super nice crew working behind the counter. Yes it is at a gas station but get over that little fact and you are in for a real treat. Everything is hand made by the owner and his family. They are great people in an up and coming part of town.It's in a sketchy gas station but the food was really good. I had the regular gyro with hummus and I got the philly cheesteak gyro to try both were awesome. Since I'm staying in children's hospital overnight today I will make another visitSoooo goood and delicious foods specially the gyro plate with the garlic creamy sauce on the topDon't let the gas station next door throw you. This family owned and run establishment is the real deal. If you need a white table cloth, this is not the place for you. If you want righteous shawarma, it is. They also have awesome baklava!Really excellent food, including some of the smoothest Hummus I've ever had and a delicious and overflowing Gyro wrap are what first thrilled me with this place. But what got me next was the friendliness of the staff. They really care about ensuring that customers have a great experience. Definitely don't miss this one!This place may look unassuming, but do not underestimate it. Some of the best food in the city. No joke I have worked in many fine dining restaurants. This place is special. The food and service are perfect. The flavors are unique and tasteful. The green salad is flavorful, the sharwma  is out of this world! Hummus , tiziki sauce. Wow ! The staff are super friendly. If you have the opportunity DO NOT PASS THIS UP.The best chicken shawarma I have had since I left Detroit in 2009. Tucked on a quiet strip of Magazine Street you will find this gem. Go by and heap a sandwich or a plate. Friendly service and good food.I've already become a regular customer and I've got to admit I'm addicted. The food is delicious and the service is great as well.Best falafel wrap in the New Orleans area.  The employees are very nice as well.  Only 2 downsides:  they use Styrofoam and the prices are a little higher than normal.For a quick bite on the go, there's not anything like this joint on Magazine St... When I lived in the neighborhood, I'd stop here about once a week -- it's that good! The only bad thing I could say about this spot is that one location is not enough!Stopped by for some take out and was pleasantly surprised. I got the combo plate with chicken and gyro. The meats were well seasoned, flavorful and generously proportioned.  The meal comes in a standard styrofoam three section container so the salad, while tasty is very small and the humus is also a smaller proportion that you might expect. My biggest disappointment was the the pita.  It was plain, but adequate, but they only give one small pita for this much meat. I'll know to ask for more next time.Best shawarma in Nola, and the family that runs the place is super nice. Highly recommend!Delish! Just went for the 2nd time. The chicken shawarma is awesome, also love the hummus and the Greek salad. Super friendly people and they offer up samples so you can try before you buy. So happy this place opened, it's super clean and a great addition to the neighborhood.Food is delicious!  Great price too.  I always go for the shawarma plates and they will customize it for you.  For example I don't get the rice and pita and get double salad.  It is family run and they are super nice.  This place is a hidden gem.Delicious wraps! I've had the chicken swarms, the gyro, and (my favorite) the fried halloumi wrap. They're all delicious! The fried are good too, and so is the hummus. Baklava was on point as well. 
The owners might be the best part, though. Super friendly! It was raining and I had my baby with me (hands were full) and the owner brought my food to my car for me so I didn't need to make two trips. 
I'll be back for sure.What a great little find! My boyfriend and I stopped here for a quick lunch and we were delighted to find fresh, delicious handmade fare in a great location. We also met the owner and he was friendly and informative. Would definitely recommend!Gosh this food was incredible and so reasonably priced.  We both got a shawarma and gyro plate.  The chicken and lamb/beef were both great.  So much food!  A salad, pita and rice per plate.  I couldn't eat everything and I was starving.  Can't remember what the garlicky stuff is called but it wasn't the stuff with cucumber (tzatziki).   Maybe skordalia?  Anyway whatever it was it was great with the chicken.  I want to go back and get the eggplant dip.  Yes the place is on the side of a gas station and parking can be hairy.  I had someone waiting for me in the car so it wasn't too concerning.Absolutely one of the most amazing Mediterranean walk in counter restaurants.  Super friendly family owned restaurant. Upon entering, the owner gave us a large sample of konafa which the grandmother had made. It's not for sale yet at the restaurant but was absolutely amazing.  He is probably testing the recipe out. I hope they start serving it.The chicken Shawarma is tender, crispy and juicy all at the same time. The Tzadiki sauce is custardy and  delicious with a wonderful mouth feel. The hummus is smooth. I have been recently lamenting the fact that New Orleans does not have enough good walk in counter order to go restaurants were you can just pick up your food, take it home and enjoy. This is going on my list. I will be stopping by after work at least once a week from now on! The fact that it is located in a gas station, I will view as a positive because I can also get my gas and pick up a 2 L bottle of soda!this one is the best. what a deal. i like chicken shawarma and gyro. i get with salad or fry and it so yummy.
they very friendly and treat bolivar good. i can get gas while i wait for fresh food and it save me time. i will be back every time!!!Best gyro & lebna in the whole city! 
Amazing food, great prices, and super fast! 
I was extremely impressed.I've had shawarmas before and this ranks as one of the better ones. The side salad was fresh and tasty. Same for the gyro meat. I'd bring family here.Super friendly staff and great food! This is located inside the gas station, but don't let that deter you. Portions are large and the gyros are really good!Schwarma on the Slow. The food is tasty and it's in my neighborhood, but goodness gracious these guys are slow. It took 30 minutes from the time I ordered to the time I got my food. There were about 6 folks who ordered ahead of me, but getting an order out every 5 minutes for a place that advertises as "on the go" is just misleading.5/5 stars for this gem in New Orleans. Excellent food with lots of flavor and friendly staff. It's a must tryGreen falafel... I love it and this place has it!!! Don't let the gas station fool you, this place is the real deal. Everything is super yummy: chicken shawarma, gyro, feta salad, falafel. The service is very kind and knowledgeable. You should eat here.Soooo goood and delicious foods specially the gyro plate with the garlic creamy sauce on the topWe always get the combo platter with gyro and chicken and it is AMAZING! You get so much food and it's a great price! Everyone who works there is always really nice and helpful too!I just happened to be in the neighborhood, and I needed dinner. This place has only been open a couple of weeks, but it already has a following so I decided to try it. This food made for affordable easy take out. We got a gyro plate and a chicken Shwarma plate. The plates come with meat, hummus, rice, salad and pita bread. It was a great deal and very tasty. We will definitely make a trip back. I want to try their falafel. The service is very friendly. This is designed as a take out place,  but there are a couple of tables so you can eat there.This restaurant is one of my favorites in the neighborhood! It is obviously understated, but it is worth a stop for breakfast, lunch, second lunch, dinner or a snack.I been to many shawarma in New Orleans BUT the best shawarma I had it this store, people so amazing and helpful, I recommend it many time. SHAWARMA ON THE Go.Best food in a gas station in New Orleans. Service is amazing and the family that owns it are always genuinely nice. Great quality. I get food here at least once a month.For quick gas station convenient food this place is the BOMB... food tasted just as good as if you was at a high end restaurant... definitely worth the stop and also cheap which is also a winThis is the best shawarma and low cost falafel you will find in this city. The location is inside Jetgo, but don't let that throw you off...everything here is made daily and is super fresh and delicious. I get the combo plate andis enough for lunch and dinner. Getting hungry just writing this!I'm a bit shocked at this gas station location after thought. I get gas here all the time, but put my nose up at the new addition as I envisioned it as another Pita Pit. There was a poorly ran FroYo business here before. Yesterday, on a whim, I decided to try it out and I was fairly happy afterwards. 
The Food was really good. The Shwarma and Lamb were delicious, not overly seasoned as some Middle Eastern style restaurants do. Lemon Hummus, they can try and just name it hummus, but there is too much lemon for that and it was awesome. The Salad was really good with the homemade vinaigrette and fresh veggies. 
I do have three gripes. 
(1) The Pita Bread really Sucks. Its called Toilet Paper Pita because its standard, cheap, flavorless, forgettable and the 4 seconds that it sits in the George Forman doesn't do sh!t for it. Sorry, but other restaurants within a mile have raised the bar for Pita Bread (Shaya & Tal's). The bread served here is disappointing. 
(2) Frozen Peas Suck. Its an easy, cheap garnish for the rice, but nasty. Please give a menu option as a replacement for the rice, such as extra hummus. 
(3)The older man working in the open kitchen seemed easily irritated, sometimes confused and stubborn. It took him 10 minutes for a task that should have taken 2 - 3 minutes. When the younger worker and the register-lady tried to get things back on task, his ego and stubbornness prevailed as he didn't seem to be a team player. This will be a challenge for this quick serve establishment where positive team work is essential for maximum efficiency. Also, keeping up a high level of positive energy will go a long way to making this a place that people want to visit, and working in an Open Kitchen is like being on a stage in front of a hungry studio audience. You have to be an actor. 
With good food at a good value, this place has the potential to become popular. If they give the good food a Bread that is so damn delicious that we can't stop thinking about, then there will be lines out the door and franchises all over the city.Love this place and the family who runs it! Always wonderful service and the food is AMAZE. The shawarma and gyro platters are perfect for two people to split! My fav shawarma in Nola.Favorite Mediterranean food in NOLA...  These people are super nice and aim to please with your order...  Food is delicious!  By far the best!Run, do not walk to this delicious shawarma spot. Heads up. It's in a gas station, but do not let that deter you. This is some of the best shawarma I have ever had. And I've had a LOT. all over the country and world. On top of that the family who runs and owns this place are so sweet and helpful. Portions are plentiful and did I mention delicious??? Yum!Go here. Go here. Go here. Amazing authentic food, everything is made fresh on site. Had the lula kabob (ground beef and lamb) and it was absolutely delicious. Falafel was great too, and my friends loved the gyro and chicken shawarma. And halumi cheese!! To top it off, the owners are incredibly friendly and hospitable, really made us feel at home. Don't let the fact that it's connected to the gas station get in your way of having some of the tastiest food in New Orleans! Thanks for a great meal! I don't write Yelp reviews often, but when I do, it's for an amazing restaurant that everyone should know about.Don't let the gas station or the fast-food appearance fool you. The owner is from the Middle East and makes excellent fare. So glad I stopped here for lunch.BEST FOOD I'VE EVER HAD. I love this place so much, I come here once or twice a week...I can't get enough. The guys who work there are amazing and super friendly, sometimes they give me samples of everything while I wait, which I absolutely love. I couldn't love this place more!!!!! Everything I've had is fantastic, my personal favorites: Gryo, Falafel, Hummus, Baba Ganouj, Gyro Philly, Schwarma, pretty much everything on the menu is 100%!!Man I love this place! Good food and service! I don't know why but, I always enter on the convenience store side and even he is kind. Always pleasant, always greets.
It's on Magazine so parking can be challenging but, for me finding a spot at the gas station is no problem.
You can sit and eat. Nothing fancy, about four tables but, usually clear and clean.
I'm in love with their Gyros and fries. The chicken is good also but, I've been looking for a place to get a good gyros and I've finally found it! I don't know if it's just that the fries are always hot but, they are so good!!! Never any leftover. They aren't stingy with the meat or tsatzki! When I want a gyros I can't see me going anywhere else. You guys have definitely gained a new loyal customer.Like other reviewers said, it's kind of disconcerting to drive up to a gas station to go eat, but based on all the great reviews I wanted to try it.  As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by a friendly, sweet lady at the register.  My husband and I each ordered a chicken shawarma plate with double salad, no rice, no pita bread (we eat low carb).  The salad with vinaigrette was so crunchy and tasty. The hummus was creamy, smooth and delicious topped with an olive! The chicken was flavorful, juicy and cooked perfectly. We were offered samples of two items they were considering adding to the menu.  There were specials that looked great which we plan to try next time (which may be tomorrow!!!). The owners were so warm-hearted and nice...combined with the incredible food...I hope to go there often to help them succeed.  Don't be put off by the gas station...go try this food! It's incredible!!!Food is fresh. Might not taste amazing but it is definitely above average. They go above and beyond with service and cleanliness. As long as they keep that up, they will have my businessDammmmn Gina!! You guys, I love Lebanese and Middle Eastern food ( if I could only eat one kind of food for the rest of my life, Lebanese is the easy winner) Anyways, that being said, tonight I had the best Chicken Schwarma in the city (and maybe my life) from Schwarma to Go. First off, they wrap it up like a burrito, nice and tight so none of the goodness falls out, and it's so plump the whole time. The chicken is sliced straight off the spit, and the flavor.. it's so delicate but robust. I mean what was that, cumin, that was dancing on my taste buds? Then they put pickles, and their sauce (kinda like tahini and lebnuh mixed?  But oh so delectable) AND they stuff it with fries. And it was priced at something like $9.
Have you ever kinda danced when you're eating your food--because it's that's good? Well I danced tonight. Also, the schwarma wraps come with homemade hummus and a fresh salad with homemade vinaigrette. The hummus was so creamy and smooth and topped with a perfectly pitted kalamata olive. And the salad? Well my husband who seriously made me just a steak the first time he ever made me dinner-- loved the salad. His words were "I ate the shit outta that salad."
 I also got a side of the tzatziki for schwarma dippin' and it was perfectly creamy and tangy with strings of cucumber saturating it.
Lastly, we spoke with the owner (the main cook) and his son who rang us up and they were SO sweet and kind. They seemed genuinely happy to be serving us and sharing their menu with us. Also, I love that it is in their family run gas station. The whole place is spic and span. Support these guys, you won't regret it! Now I'm going to change into sweat pants.I had my doubts about shawarma from a gas station, especially considering I grew up in a highly Middle Eastern community where the food was amazing....but this place is legit! Very friendly young man working, and the food tasted like home! Super excited to find this place, and will be back!Fresh. Authentic. Delicious.  I'll be back.  I love this place.  I was worried that I wouldn't be able to partake and enjoy them this year because I've switched to a pescatarian diet.  They made me a shrimp "gyro " that was Delicious! With hummus and salad in the side extra pita.  Anytime I don't have a picture the food was REALLY good.Food was good and owner very nice. If I was hungry and close by I would return but I don't think I'd make a trip across town for it.The kids and I stopped here after visiting the zoo one afternoon.
You will probably have to search for parking on the street and yes it is in a gas station.
But the food is priced reasonably and is very tasty.Good food, decently fast. My favorite is the Philly Cheesesteak with gyro meat. Their gyro is 100% lamb, not a lamb/beef mix like most places.Since having moved to the city, I've longed for a place that prepares this cuisine the way these guys prepared my food.  
I'll be eating here weekly for sure!
Chicken shawarma on point!  Super clean facility and FRESH! This is a restaurant with a gas station.  Not a gas station that serves food.Best shwarmas I've ever had! I have been coming to eat here since they open, and their food is always so delicious and well-priced.Great place for a fast bite. The chicken shawarma plate is excellent. I eat here at least twice a week.I did have an enjoyable experience and ate decent food. I'm giving three stars though. I've been passing this gas station kitchen for quite a while before stopping in today. I thought this would be more affordable, as it is a to go box and counter service. I paid nearly 11 dollars for a Falafel sammich in a box. Decent falafel, but definitely not worth the price for the serving environment. Next time I want to spend that much for a Falafel, I'll go to a music festival or a sit down restaurant.This is my first yelp review! I ordered their newest dish, the "Iraqi Kebab" and it was absolutely amazing! So much flavor! The entire meal was a tad too big for me to finish (which is a GOOD thing because I'm always up for leftovers!) As first time visitors to New Orleans, we are so happy to have found this place! 5 stars! The owners are so friendly as well, went above and beyond for us! We really enjoyed meeting them.The best chicken shawarma I've ever had! Nice and clean location, good prices, very friendly family owned business ! 100% recommend- The food was fresh
-The service was personable
 -Meat quality five stars
-sauses/ made in-house
-Great option if you want to try to eat      healthy!
- vegetarian option!We stopped here again today to get the chicken lula and chicken philly. Both were great. Usually the philly sandwiches I have tried, they will put too much cheese for my taste, but this was perfect. Will highly recommend this place. My husband preferred chicken over beef lula kabab, but I loved the beef more. However, both are equally juicy, tender, and amazing in taste.Decided to try this place today based on the other reviews. It's in a gas station that is incredibly clean. The restaurant was very clean and smelled wonderful. It's run by a family who are so kind and friendly. Everything is made fresh, from scratch daily. It tastes incredible. I ordered a chicken schwarma and it's awesome. They also gave me some samples of a crazy awesome cheese and their gyro meet. Both were incredible. Visit here if you are nearby, you won't regret it.Every bit made from scratch! Owner offers samples proudly and frequently and food is delicious and reasonably priced. Will definitely become a regular here. The gyro meat is delicious but greasy. The chicken with the white garlic sauce is fantastic, so if you want it lighter go with that option.So delicious!! Got the chicken schwarma, falafel and for dessert, the baklava. All were delicious and tasted like a home cooked, authentic meal. Can't wait to go back.I love Greek and Lebanese food. This did not disappoint. It's a family run joint in a gas station. Don't let the fact that it's in a gas station stop you from trying out the food. I had the gyro plate. It's 10$ but enough food for me to have two meals. I have no complaints on the food, owners were really friendly and eager to please their customers.  
My only complaint: PLEASE CLEAN THE RESTROOMS. I pass here all the time, but I don't stop because the restrooms are so gross that I won't go in them. If I can't use the restroom, I don't stop to eat there. I'm to busy to have to stop to eat then go to another place to pee.Have had the chicken and gyro plates on separate occasions. Bay far the best of either I have had in town. Of the well known spots in Metairie, N.O., etc. these guys are phenomenal.
Chicken is prepared well, has nice crispy parts here and there, not burned. Same with the gyro meat. The rice is tasty and the hummus is fresh. The pita bread for dipping is also fresh.
Given its location, there are only a few tables if you plan to dine in and it can get busy during lunch hour.
Have yet to try other stuff on the menu but if it is anything like the plates, it will likely be top-notch.I can tell you one thing about this place they have the best chicken shawarma in NOLA, I tried so many places no one does it like them thier chicken shawarma is full of flavor, Me and my whole family love's this place we always order on the phone and our order always ready when we get there.Came here for a quick lunch while I was moving. I was blown away by how good this place was for being connected to a gas station. The best place to get a Gyro sandwich in Nola hands down.This is a great place.  Don't let the fact that it is inside a gas station fool you.  The chicken shawarma is hands down the best I've ever had.  It comes with a nice side salad and hummus, or you can choose fries.  The owners are super friendly.  I can't wait to try more.My chicken shawarma plate was on point ! The guys working there are really nice and have lots of input on what to try. The hummus tasted so fresh and it was so delish. I loved the garlic sauce that came with the food. The only negative thing about this place is the parking, but hey it's Magazine street in New Orleans, so parking can be tricky some days. All in all I will be back again to try more of the menu.We tried Shawarma on the go, the first day it opened and have been back twice so since. The chicken shawarma platter with rice, humus and side salad is amazing!  The price is $10 and the portion size is big!  I picked up the chicken shawarma wrap and baklava today and I'm totally addicted.  So happy to have quality food at a reasonable price in my neighborhood.  Consider us regulars!Great customer service. Family loved the food. They knew we were visitors to New Orleans so they generously gave us dessert and extra food. Highly recommend if you're looking for reasonably priced comfort food :). Great job guys!Fantastic gyro! Traveling from South Dakota to Florida and was craving a gyro. Won't disappoint! Be sure to try the chicken as well! Great stopStopped by here one day to get some gas and boy was I in for a pleasant surprise. Did not have high expectations for the food considering it was part of a gas station but don't be fooled! Hands down the best shawarma in the city. Highly recommend this place as it has become a regular visit for me.Meh this place was overall underwhelming. The cashier was nice and seemed to be training the person that was cooking the food. It's on the side of a gas station so the ambiance wasn't good. 
The shrimp and fish platter was pretty standard except my fish was over cooked so then it was really chewy instead of flakey. Shrimp was well cooked but under seasoned and the fries were also under seasoned with with the creole seasoning.
Gyro was ok just meat tzatziki and cole slaw. Bread seem store bought and salad was just lettuce and dressing.Can't believe I haven't written a review about this place already! As everyone else has said before me- and I'm sure after me, this place literally serves the best Mediterranean food in the city. All their sauces are homemade as well as their wonderfully seasoned meats. The owner and his family are there everyday, and it really shows! Usually a line when you walk in demonstrates how their food is worth waiting for. I love their plates and think that that's the most bang for your buck. Their chicken shawarma is perfectly seasoned, juicy and some of the best stuff you'll put in your mouth. I can eat that everyday and be completely fine with it. So head over there today before that line gets longer!Cheap, quick, and really good food. Owner/manager is really nice, gave us free samples while we waited. A lot of food for a small price.This is seriously the best place in the New Orleans area for takeout shwarma.  It's also probably the best food I've ever gotten at a gas station which is not meant in any way as a back handed complement; they are located inside of a gas station off of magazine.
Got takeout here with some friends so we surveyed our way through the menu. French fries in the chicken wrap sounds weird but it works really well. The hummus is just about perfect, creamy without being runny and the baba ghanouj was about as good as I've ever had it. The rice was fluffy with just a hint of saffron to it, not the slighty crunchy neon yellow stuff you get at other places.
The option for whole wheat pita is nice as well, and you are certainly supplied with a more than adequate amount of it. Real pita too, not the cardboardy triangle things yous you get at most places but actual warm bread with just a hint of steam when you first get it. 
This is now my go-to place; they really need to get on uber eats if they're not already.Food is so so good here... best in and around New Orleans hands down. Yes it's in a gas station but way better than those 5 star restaurantsMy family eats here once a week and it is a pleasure  everytime we do. The owner Abbas has very high standards when cooking his grandmothers old recipes.  The shawarma gyros and felafel are all fresh and packed w flavor.  Their homemade red pepper hot sauce is up there w the best. Fat push salad super fresh and great dressingAmazing!! Don't let the location fool you. One of the best meals in New Orleans awaits. We tried the gyro and chicken plates .... Wow!!  Don't waste time trying to find better. It's right here!!While living in Egypt my friends introduced me to Shawarma, and after moving back to the states I really missed being able to get good Shawarma. I tried a few places, but they just were not the same! But, now that Shawarma on the go is open I can get my fix! Their food is delicious, and they make hummus the right way! Plus, the family that runs the shop are awesome, and I really enjoy going in to visit with them. Make sure to visit them while you're in NOLA!We ate here for the first time today and we will definitely  be regulars. Delicious food, big portions, and the owners are lovely too! Outdoor seating is dog friendly. They have a large menu with daily specials. I'm so full.This place is conveniently located inside the jet go on magazine. They are a small operation but very efficient. The people who work there are very friendly and get the food out quick. It's not a full service restaurant it's a take out counter. The gyro meat is sooo delicious as is the chicken. It's becoming a once a week spot.What a sweet family! They are so absolutely authentic. Everyone is "hands-on" and 100% accommodating. The food is spectacular, portions are huge and price point, rational. Stop by, get some! You'll be glad you did.A pleasant surprise. I got the gyro philly, basically what it sounds like, a philly cheesesteak sandwich with gyro in place of the steak. It was pretty good, the meat crisp and cheese gooey. My group also ordered a shwarma plate which is pretty average but still good. 
The staff (namely the lady at the cash register) were very charming and hospitable.This place is unreal. New Orleans has plenty of mediocre middle eastern and shawarma places and this one tops all of them easily. They just do everything correctly. I know what a wrap with tzatziki sauce and fresh veggies should taste like and these guys deliver every time. Consistent quality. The gas station also has pretty cheap gas for Uptown area. There is some tables inside if you want to plow the delicious food right then and there but I usually pick up and take it home.Finally found a gyro competitor to Ali Baba in the quarter. STG features huge portions of delicious gyro served any style you like on this day I had it over a greek salad and it was phenomenal. The greek salad is filled with all your favorites, feta cheese, olives, red onions etc with a choice of meat on top or just by itself. All wraps come with a side salad or fries. I will go back and try the chicken. Although they are outside of my normal hood its worth the trek uptown.I don't write many reviews unless I'm truly impressed. I love this place. I eat here at least once every 2 weeks. The food is fresh, the portions are huge, and the customer service is always friendly and on point. AND their home made salad dressing and hot sauce are AMAZING. if you haven't tried them yet, GET ON IT. You won't regret it.Great place and quality. Love to go here as much as I can and the menu keeps getting bigger and more interesting. For sure worth grabbing to go food hereI have nothing bad to say about this place. Have been there multiple times and the food is always on point. The young man that works there, and I guess is a owner or manager is a easy going guy that'll make you laugh while you order your food. The hummus is delicious, the philly with the gyro meat is top notch. Have brought three different friends there at multiple times and they have not said one bad thing about it. Thank you for the great food and experience. I drive all the way from Metry to enjoy this place.Sorry. Everyone loves this place...not a big fan. Got a gyro and the shwarma chicken plate. Gyro was very good. Shwarma not so much. Dry and flavorless. Hummus was...ok. Ordered at the register and they got my order wrong. Went back in and thought it was corrected. Food incorrect when I got it home. I may be back for a gyro...but nothing else.The best tasting hummus in nola by a big margin, and very generous meat portions for a bargain price. The menu is small,and the seating limited. But it's shawarma on the goJust found this hidden gem yesterday, and I've already been back for seconds! Each time got the chicken shawarma plate. Everything was amazing! They gave a very good portion of meat, with a side or rice (again a heaping scoop), a side salad, hummus and pita for $10.49....amazing deal, and totally worth it. The meat is cooking right behind the counter. Very fresh and amazing flavors. The staff is just as welcoming and has great customer service. I honestly don't know how I've never been by this place before. Will most definitely be a return customer. As everyone else mentioned, parking is limited, BUT I had no problem finding a spot during lunch hours today. Definitely stop by if you ever find yourself in the area, you won't regret it!Oh heeeeyyyeeeeellllll yes!!!
I have been searching for a good shawarma place and I finally found one.
It is in a weird spot but dont worry about the view from the street. The person I was with was really annoyed about the parking situation, but I let him take care of that while I inside and took care of the ordering.
I ordered two chicken shawarmas which was way too much food for the two of us. It comes with a salad and warm pita with hummus. 
The staff is really nice and I feel like they cook with love.  I sort of want to ask what exactly they put in their hummus that makes it so damn good. Maybe I will next time.
It was great and it made me really happy: )I saw this news article feature about a gyro/shawarma place.... So after walking 4 miles, it's a gas station???  
We looked inside and decided to leave, as we are walking a chef from another restaurant walking out says "I'm a chef and this is my favorite place to eat".
Ok, what the heck let's go back and try it". We walked in and the owner/cook is the sweetest guy saw our hesitation and said "try this" as he passes a toothpick with chicken on it.We are visiting from Houston and decided to come here based on high reviews on yelp. We ordered 7 mins ahead and when we got here, our order was ready. We placed order for chicken and gyro platter and chicken lula kabab. When we got here, by mistake, he made it beef lula kabab and told us he will be making the chicken, but we decided to stick with the beef and oh boy that was good we did that. It was absolutely delicious. It was juicy, spiced appropriately, and every bite was a delight. The chicken and gyro was also good, but lula beef kabab was definitely the winner. I loved their rice. Every grain had an amazing taste to it and so did their sauces. One of the best places we had Mediterranean food. Will highly recommend and probably will return before we head out to Houston.I've had all the shwarma in the city -- Mona's, Halal Guys, Kebab -- and this place is hands down the best. Nothing else compares. Only eat here if you're ready for a flavor explosion of perfectly prepared food and scrumptious, titillating sauces. Get extra Garlic sauce and tzatziki. ESPECIALLY the garlic, nobody else in the city has it. 
If I could  rate it a 10 I would. Even 100. Heck, even 1000.Great place to pick up and go. I usually order the chicken shawarma plate which comes with rice , salad , hummus and pita. $10.49 a plate is really good value. They now open Monday - Saturday till 9am! Staff is very friendly!Umm this place is inside a Jetgo gas station... And it is some of the best Mediterranean food I have ever eaten. The platters are a great deal - I had enough to eat for two dinners. I got the gyro platter and it was probably the best gyro meat I have had. I will definitely use this place as a go-to, affordable "fast food" option in the future. I can't wait to try other menu items like the falafels... You gotta give it a try. . . y'all don't know what you're missinGas station street meat: it didn't blow my mind....but I took sandwich to go and ate it 30 min later...not bad: good value....you end up smelling like the fryolaters...
2nd visit: I got gyro plate to go: great portions, fresh rice, crisp salad, one pita from a package....
I asked for hot sauce and they indicated it was .45-75 cents for this and I feel insulted......
Great way to nickel and dime customers! 
Suck my kebab baby! 
Pass me dat hot sauce with your right hand and sell your dinosaur juice to someone else! 
Food is pretty great here.....too badGreat new place on Magazine that serves up Mediterranean favorites and is, interestingly, connected to a gas station/convenience store.  (Don't let that change your mind about trying this place.)
The parking will probably present issues for folks that are looking for a quick order and pickup. Expect to park on the street during the busier lunch times.
I ordered the falafel as a starter. Very good but may have been a bit under cooked.
I ordered the chicken shawarma wrap and was pleasantly surprised to find that the sandwich was not on pita bread. It was fantastic. I will definitely order this again.
The only gripe I had during my visit was the disorganized approach to the ordering and pickup from the staff.  Someone that had walked in and ordered three people after us got their food in much shorter time than others waiting and my group as well.  Nonetheless, we enjoyed the food and service and will come back for sure.Amazing food!!!!! Love it! In a gas station, but a great vibe. The food is totally worth it. I'll be coming back again for sure!Where else is there good food in a gas station other than Louisiana? Fast service, delicious gyro meat, and soft pitas. The salad wasn't much to brag about but overall good to very good food. There is limited seating inside.Just went here for the first time. Super nice guys, quick, tasty, and generous portions. I got the gyro shwarma, which was good. Came with a little salad, hummus, and an extra pita on the side. Definitely enough for sharing or for leftovers. All for $9. They gave me a sample of the chicken, and the seasoning was great--I'll definitely try the chicken next time I come. I've used this gas station for years, and they've always been great. Glad to have a good, affordable take out option here too. Much better bang for your buck than the other new Mediterranean place not too far away down Magazine. For my sake, please go here!This place was a refreshing surprise. John over at Buffalo Exchange recommended it, so I tried it and was absolutely pleased. The Lula Kabob (chicken) was beautiful. Their prices are decent as well. I was treated very kindly and will absolutely be returning to try more of the menu. Shukran!This place is DELICIOUS!  Do not be scared away due to it being attached to a gas station. Best shawarma we've ever had. This is definitely going to be our new go to.One of my favorite spots for lunch. Love the gyros and chix schwarmas. The combo is my go-to. Only complaint would be their fries should be fresh cut and need a double fry on them. Otherwise this place is the bee's knees. Staff is very friendly as well.Incredible shawarma. The salad dressing is some of the best I've had, and the hummus was so tasty. I'll be back, this is a hidden gem. Don't let the gas station location fool youI love this place. I'm a customer first and an employee second. The family that owns the place is the most amazing people I ever knew. They care about their customers and make sure to serve quality food. Everything is made from scratch (I love their baba ghanoush!) My husband and I had lunch yesterday there. He ordered the crispy chicken on French, he loved it! I ordered the eggplant sandwich (my favorite). As an employee, I love working there! It's my happy time to be there and the group I work with and customers are simply amazing. My whole family loves their Shawarma, gyro and homemade hummus. 
I can't say enough about Shawarma on the Go.Love love love gyro wraps but hate when it's not completely delicious.
Shawarma on the go is inside a gas station, yes. But do not let that fool you. The food is amazing. The prices aren't bad at all for how much food you get.
They pack that wrap with so much gyro meat I couldn't even finish it. Yeah, that's saying a lot!!! 
I will come again, and I love to support local businesses. This couple here knows what they're doing. 
Gyro wrap with salad and hummus, with a drink came out to $10. So worth it considering you can make it into two meals. One big meal if you're really hungry. I didn't opt to get the fries but my friend did get them, it was okay. Get the salad and hummus instead!Wow! Just amazing! The gyro wrap with fries or hummus and salad is crazy delicious. I have no complaints. I recommend this place if you are jonesing for gyros. Call ahead and get it to go.The food is excellent and the hospitality of the owners is even better. My favorite little gem uptownBeing a newbie to NOLA has been a wonderful journey. I have been introduced to delicious cuisine, sometimes in surprising places. Like this place, shawarma in a gas station.  Who gets food at a gas station???  In most of the country that is asking for gastrointestinal trouble. But not here in NOLA.  Shawarma on the go is in a gas station, but the food is remarkably good. Our neighbors said Thad the best hummus in town, yep. Great baba ganoush and tender shawarma. But the best thing is the garlic sauce, heavenly clouds of garlic deliciousness! 
After spending my life avoiding gas station food, I'm a regular!Best gyro in the City! Really good hummus and pita too. Fast, affordable, and friendly. The person in front of me said she had been there for lunch (she had the chicken philly) and it was so good she returned for dinner too. That says it all.The food was ok but the service was horrible. The employees had attitudes and was very rude. This will be my last time coming hereI work down the street from this place and one day I came in during my break and they had me in and out of there in what seemed like mere moments. Super quick service, great food, nice cooks. All my coworkers have been here too and rave about how great it is!I haven't had chicken shawarma this good since I was in Saudi. The food is delicious, fresh and authentic. Ordered at the counter and had my food in 2 minutes flat.
Do not let the fact that this restaurant is attached to a gas station dissuade you, it does not disappoint. 
First time eating there, and I'll be back first chance I get.Amazing food! Really delicious! Can't believe it is attached to a gas station. Only a few blocks from my home. Definitely an economical and satisfying choice for some semi-fast food grub! I got the lamb and chicken combo. Both are spiced well and the hummus that came with it was gone too fast. Quite impressed!
Just tried some of their sandwiches for the first time! Very good! So convenient! Great attitudes and excellent service!So great. Delicious, fast, reasonably priced, friendly service.  I went at lunchtime on a weekday. It was a little busy but everything came out quick.Who doesn't love Shawarma on the Go?!? I always enjoy the chicken shawarma plate. Friendly service too!This quick stop is located right inside a gas station right on Magazine St. The staff is so friendly, and they were right: they produce food "right from home." We got the chicken shawarma and the beef/lamb lula kebab plate. The seasonings were absolutely delicious. It really hit the spot! I'll definitely be back to try their spinach pies!Shawarma on the go serves its purpose. It's not going to be the best shawarma but it's fast, cheap, and easy.  
An over stuffed gyro wrap with fries is $9.  Mine had no lettuce and was oozing sauce but was stuffed with meat so I can't complain. Fries are crispy and also generous portion. 
I'd suggest a plate over a wrap unless you def want fries.This is my favorite middle Eastern restaurant. Very friendly and hospitable  staff. My favorite is chicken swararma and grilled shrimp wrap.Food was excellent. I've been here twice and every time I come the food is fresh and made to order.  The people that work here at shawarma Are very kind and knowledgeable about what they're serving which is by the way top shelf food. The chicken and Giro plate is really delicious. And when you come here you can park which is very important on magazine st.Great, fast Mediterranean restaurant in Uptown. I visited with a few friends late afternoon on a  Sunday because we were hungry and wanted something cheap and easy but not with the guilt that comes from starting a new week by eating Canes. Shawarma on the Go popped up in my Yelp search and since I had heard such great things, we gave it a shot. All in all I was impressed! I ordered the Chicken Shawarma platter and I was able to eat plenty and bring the rest home for later. My other friends ordered wraps and platters and were happy with their choices. While the food isn't OMG Amazing, it was tasty and satisfied our hunger, especially since it was ready in under 10 minutes. Don't come here expecting a nice sit down restaurant (it is in a gas station after all). However, for a quick healthyish Mediterranean meal, it definitely does the trick!
Food - 4 stars
Price - 4.5 stars
Service - 4 stars
Atmosphere - 2.5 starsJust left this place. Went here for the very first time. The owner was so kind. I had never tried shawarma before so he suggested that i try it first and it was amazing! You can tell that they take pride in their food and really want you to enjoy it. Will definitely go back!We are obsessed with Shawarma in New Orleans! We have tried the philly's, gyros, salads and our favorite the Gyro/Chicken Shawarma Platter. The rice is delicious and the meat is fresh. The portion sizes are generous. The restaurant is clean and they are always so nice. We eat here multiple times a week and bring out of town guests that rave about it. The delivery is fast. We have also picked up orders and that was easy as well. Highly recommend. Lots of flavor. Make sure to get the hummus!It's part of the gas station, so it might not look like the best Middle Eastern food you've ever had at first, but it just might be! I came in with my boyfriend when the restaurant we planned to go to was closed and we struck up a conversation with the server, who happened to be the owner's son. He gave us samples of all of the hot dishes before we ordered and everything tasted incredible. My boyfriend spent a few months in Jordan so he is a little particular about his Middle Eastern food and he was very impressed too. We split a gyro/shwarma plate because we weren't terribly hungry and it was filling and absolutely delicious. Try one of their cool imported drinks too - the pineapple is great!
I'll definitely be back soon with my family!This place rocks!! Had the gyro wrap with hummus and pita bread...best gyro in the city!!!They have the best hummus here. The owner is very nice and passionate about food. It's the best place in town for this type of food. The salad dressing for the salad is really good also. The combo plate is the bang for the buck.I've had a gyros salad from this place about a year ago and it was really good. However, went back today because I wanted hummus and falafel. Everything was fresh and really flavorful. I had the falafel plate with a side of baba ganouj. I could not eat it all. The portions are pretty big but as I've said before, I don't share food:). I also like that the kitchen is open so you can watch them cook everything right in front of you. Adding to this nice food experience is the staff. They were friendly. I must also inform you that this place is inside of the Jetgo gas station. Don't let that deter you. The food is delicious.Guys! This place is pretty rad. I live nearby so I called to place a takeout order. The guy on the phone was super nice and my food came as I ordered it. 
I'm about to sound like most of the other reviews for this place, but that's a good thing! Consistency! I got the combo chicken+gyro plate and it was fabulous. Super moist and flavorful meat, not spicy, hold the rice bc I said so, buttery smooth hummus and a yummy side salad. A pita, too! The lamb was generously topped with tzatziki and the chicken had lots of garlic "sauce". It wasn't runny enough to call it sauce...more of a whipped yogurt consistency that I could eat on EVERYTHING! Even better, I can easily stretch it to two meals getting my $13 worth. 
The only rub was that they didn't want to sub fries for rice. Even though they're the same price on the sides menu. They subbed extra hummus (or salad) instead. Waaahh somebody call the wambulance! JK I'll live. And I'll most def be back!I can't say enough how much this place impressed me. My squadron was in town for two weeks and we decided to do a lunch run here. We couldn't have been happier. Its very clean, incredibly friendly service, and they worked very quickly on the orders. 
The food was amazing. The chicken shawarma was the best I've had and the gyro meat was equally incredible. 
If you're looking for a quick amazing lunch in New Orleans, this is the place to go.Wonderful, Fresh , made to order food. The Eggplant sandwich will have you going back every week. Service is great, family business that respects customers & cares about the neighborhood. Everyone uptown should stop buy & treat yourself to a wonderful meal.This place is amazing.  The gyro wrap is my go to, and their hummus is out of this world good. Their tzatziki is house made and is thick and delicious. The baba ganoush is great, and so is the hummus. Everyone is so nice and friendly that works there - especially the owners and their son who works there too. I tell everyone about this place and can't recommend it enough. They're located in a gas station, but don't let that deter you. They prepare everything in front of you and everything is clean. Food is ready fast and pricing is more than generous for how good everything is.  I just wish I could rate more than 5 stars.This is a fast and easy New Orleans gem. The staff was welcoming and energetic and most importantly, they were having fun at work while also maintaining high quality standards.Some of the best food in New Orleans! Nothing we had disappointed! Chicken shawarma plate was to die for and the falafel was excellent! My husband had the combo chicken/gyro plate and he said it was the closest he's tasted of real shawarma since he was stationed in Saudi. Everything is made fresh in house. The service was friendly and personable. We will definitely be back!The food here is incredible and the staff couldn't be friendlier. Definitely a new favorite!I am so excited to live so close to this place! The food is top notch but the service is even better. The family that runs this spot is so nice and friendly. The gyro is great, the hummus is great, the eggplant is great, you can't go wrong! This is our favorite place to stop in and grab a quick week night meal. We come here at least once a week and have never been disappointed!This is our go-to spot when I don't feel like cooking, but we don't want to go out. Don't let the fact that it's in a gas station persuade you, it's really the best around. We probably get take out from here once a week, and still crave it. The family that runs it are so kind and lovely, it is just a pleasure to go in there, and makes you enjoy the food even more. They stuff so much meat into the gyro wrap I normally end up taking some out and eating it for two meals. The gyro wrap, chicken shawarma, falafel are all so tasty. I normally stick to the gyro wrap because it's my favorite.  My husband bounces around to different things on the menu and always really enjoys it. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I can't say enough about how much we enjoy this place, go here if you are craving Middle Eastern food!Fantastic food! The Chicken Swarma was authentic and you can tell someone invested days in its preparation. The portions were generous the pita and hummus fresh and above all.. the employee's that I have encountered have always been enthusiastic and knowledgeable about their offerings. Don't let the location set you up for missing out on the best in town!Great food! Super fast! Friendliest people I have ever met in a quick service restaurant.  I have been there 5 or 6 times and it is always consistent and always friendly.  Highly recommend this place!I work nearby here and we go frequently for lunch. They have amazing babaganoush, falafel and hummus. And the staff is very friendly!! Love this place!I give the food 3 1/2 stars- the extra half star is because the guys who run this store are always very nice. Honestly, I heard so many good things about the food here that it left me disappointed. It was average in my opinion. Yes, it's better than what you would expect in a gas station. I had the Chicken Shwarma salad and the Gyro sandwich. Both were good - but not phenomenal as others have described. The service at this business is A+."This shit is delicious man. This some dank ass rice" - Zach
Possibly the best rice I've had in my life. So soft yet not mushy, so flavorful. Pairs great with the gyro which was flavorful and not too expensive and the tzatziki is refreshing and plentiful. The hummus is flavorful and fresh. The salad has a nice tangy dressing
The only downside is that it took around 10-15 minutes for our food. Also, the flatbread/pita was nothing special, your normal store-bought
But everyone is very niceBest tzatziki sauce on the planet .
Everything tastes fresh, with wonderful flavor.
The baklava is crisp and fresh, not gummy like at some other places.The shawarma (ordered with gyro bread instead of flour tortilla) was great. The chicken was flavorful and tender. It was different, tasted like a roasted rotisserie chicken, but good!! The garlic sauce was awesome, and the French fries in the sandwich were a nice touch.  The fries alone were delicious.  Good stuffI love Greek and Lebanese food. This did not disappoint. It's a family run joint in a gas station. Don't let the fact that it's in a gas station stop you from trying out the food. I had the gyro plate. It's 10$ but enough food for me to have two meals. I have no complaints on the food, owners were really friendly and eager to please their customers.I went here with my boyfriend who was looking for a good place to get gyros. I personally am not a big fan of gyros myself so opted for the chicken shawarma wrap which looked amazing. However, when we got home and opened our boxes to my surprise there was not a chicken shawarma wrap but rather a second gyro. I probably shouldn't have been surprised by this because the guy who took our order didn't seem to a) be listening nor b) care about it. I noticed that there & made sure our order was correct by getting the recipient - Soo my first time here was pretty disappointing BUT my boyfriend loved the gyro stating it was one of the "best" he's had. Sooo we will definitely be going back & I'll be sure to check the box before leaving so I can finally try the chicken shawarma wrap!I went here with my boyfriend who was looking for a good place to get gyros. I personally am not a big fan of gyros myself so opted for the chicken shawarma wrap which looked amazing. However, when we got home and opened our boxes to my surprise there was not a chicken shawarma wrap but rather a second gyro. I probably shouldn't have been surprised by this because the guy who took our order didn't seem to a) be listening nor b) care about it. I noticed that there & made sure our order was correct by getting the recipient - Theref my first time here was pretty disappointing BUT my boyfriend loved the gyro stating it was one of the "best" he's had. Sooo we will definitely be going back & I'll be sure to check the box before leaving so I can finally try the chicken shawarma wrap!
- CHANGED TO 5 STARS BC WHEN I CAME BACK TO TRY AGAIN THEY REIMBURSED ME FOR THE MISTAKEI nearly missed out on an almost-hidden gem!! Working across the street, I am thrilled I forgot to bring my lunch to work yesterday--I only just started with their amazing hummus and baklava, and am now looking forward to trying the rest of the menu!Having lunch for the first time here. My first impression is not good (dirty floors including cigarette butt) however that will not stop me from eating. The owners are extremely friendly and knowledgeable. Now on to the food... AND... EXCELLENT! I've been eating Middle Eastern food for 5 decades and this place tops my list for flavor. I had the Shrimp wrap with Hummus, warm wheat pita bread and salad. I have not 1 complaint about any of the food. All of my food was warm and tasty! I recommend this place for sure.I tried Shawarma On The Go for the first time this week and cannot wait to go back! The chicken was amazing and so were the sides (especially their hummus) This is definitely my new "go to" spot in the city...very friendly staff, clean spot, great portion size and excellent location... all around great experience, I would definitely recommend them to anyone!Love this place! It is fast becoming my favorite Mediterranean food restaurant in town. Food is cheap and quick but still high quality. I would recommend checking it out!We're from out of town and have been dying for a gyro, saw this place and tried it on a whim. It's hands down the best we have had in a long time.  The young owner is charismatic and passionate about his work and his hospitality is through the roof. 10/10 would recommend!Great counter service and prices. Family run business. Quick, on the go wraps and salads.  I usually call in my order and it's ready in about 10 minutes or less. There are a few tables if you want to sit and eat there. I usually order takeout there at least 1x a month and my kids LOVE it.I love gyros and this place is about as good as it gets in New Orleans - I even got take out for my birthday dinner, this year!  Both the gyros and chicken shwarma are made on the rotissierie, not some frozen stuff that is heated on the grill.  The tzaziki is the real deal, creamy and delicious, not some tahini sauce used as a substitute.  Food is delicious and portions are generous.This place is my go to for a shawarma plate or gyro. I mean it's so good!!!! You can call ahead and place your order which is nice but even if you order there and wait, the wait is never long. Def recomendable.Fantastic food. Everyone had a mask on  . Everything was clean. They're preparing the food right in front of you and doing a great job. I have eaten Mediterranean food all over at all the well-known places in nola and north shore and I think this may be the best. Don't let the fact that it's in a gas station fool you, it is amazing food! Service was also excellent. Oh, and for 12 bucks you'll be full and have plenty left over.This is my go to place for Shawarma and more! Great people and excellent food. It's always quick and easy. They do take out (and delivery). Be been super comfortable with the measures they've taken during the pandemic. Bonus, you can get your gas too! Highly recommend.Delicious and authentic. Everything is so fresh and service is fast. Don't let it being connected to a gas station steer you away. Go give them a try, you'll be glad you did!Best chicken shawarma in the city. Roasted on upright spit, these folks know what they are doing. Juicy and flavorful, crispy in all the right places. Their garlic sauce (mayonnaise) is a good addition, but this girl could take it more garlicky! In a city when quick, quality, authentic Lebanese food is scarce, Shawarma on the Go has done it well.Yes this place is in a gas station BUT the food is phenomenal. I instantly inhaled my gyro wrap! The hummus could have used a bit more salt yet still delicious with extra whole wheat pita bread for dipping. Despite its location, this place is clean and modern featuring tv screens displaying the menu. We ordered take out and it was ready in a jiffy. The one dessert item they offer (I unfortunately have no clue what it is called, it wasn't labeled) was so delicious in all of its flakey caramel epic-ness! And all of the employees were so sweet and courteous on top of everything. I wish I worked near by so I could eat here everyday for lunch. A great spot for a quick casual meal to go.The food is really good. I ordered a shawarma wrap it was so delicious and filling and the service was amazing they were very nice and helpful. I would recommend you order on the phone so you don't have to wait there.This is my go to for Shawarma and more! Great people and excellent food. It's quick & easy. Take out and delivery. I feel comfortable with the measures they have taken dealing with the pandemic. Highly recommendYou might not think much of this as you pass by. Yes it's in a gas station but don't be fooled. Amazing food all made from scratch. Service is amazing. While you may come for the Middle East food stay for the hamburgers with an amazing special sauce. I live down the street and this is my go to place.4/5 gas station vibes? yes.
listen, if you don't wanna get your food from a gas station, then don't. if you're still interested, go ahead and place your order! i mean this makes sense to me considering it's street food, right? and it's "on the go" so you can plate this up as much as you want when you get home.
i've had a few things here and as you can see while you wait, it's all done up as you order. i really like the flash-grilled (is that a fair description?)  veggies that come with the plates, and the hummus is also pretty decent. the pita comes hottt in foil and all in all every plate is actually enough for two meals.
for the price and convenience, this is nice option for when a craving hits.Amazing food! Really delicious! Can't believe it is attached to a gas station. Only a few blocks from my home. Definitely an economical and satisfying choice for some semi-fast food grub! I got the lamb and chicken combo. Both are spiced well and the hummus that came with it was gone too fast. Quite impressed!Man, these Shawarmas were delicious!. The chicken shawarma is a good size and full of flavor. I wish we had shawarma this good in Houston. I tried most and nothing comes close. People were very friendly too.I'm not sure I agree with the glowing reviews of this place. It's basically a very dirty gas station that sells questionable food. I definitely won't be back.I can't believe I haven't written a review for Shawarma on the Go. My boyfriend and I have been getting takeout from here at least once a month for over a year. This is the place to go when you're craving good Mediterranean food. No frills or fluffs, just good food. It's connected to a gas station. The line to order is always long so we like to call in our order and the food is usually ready for pickup in 10-20 minutes. I usually get the falafel sandwich and my boyfriend is obsessed with the gyro sandwich. They are so filling. Their hummus is also to die for. The workers are all super nice. Highly recommend.After a long day of work, I came here wanted a warm sand which. The chicken shawarma sandwich and and gyro sand which with a side of hummus was delicious. The workers deserve recognition. Please leave a tip, these guys really deserve it! Delicious!One of the the best cheap eat takeout spots in town. At first I thought this was just another simple shwarma joint, especially because of the name and because it's attached to a gas station. But damn. This food contains this deep note that is inexplicably, deeply satisfying.  My usual is the gyro plate, a side of their sublime house-made fermented hot sauce, potato kibis and baklava. The staff are always friendly and accommodating. If these folks ever decide to open a fancier sit-down joint I'll have my birthday party there!I live for the hidden gem, the greasy spoon, the hole in the wall. This gas station halal stand is all the above. Wanted everything, but limited myself to just the chicken & gyro combo and the shrimp & fish basket.
Servings for both entrees were humongous. The garlic sauce on the gyro and chicken is fire. Perfectly shaved and grill top cooked meat is balanced by the rice and a little salad/hummus side. Small serving of pita is provided as well.
Shrimp and fish were both fried to a golden crisp and served atop a mound of fries. The dipping sauce is a must! Another salad came with it to make you not feel so bad for all the grease.
I was terribly full afterwards. If you've got the lunchtime blues because you've been eating the same thing, come here and switch it up with that sch-sch-schwarmaaaaaa.
Beware: the staff is friendly but efficiency is not the name of the game. Be prepared to wait.I have a little boutique on Magazine Street and at least once a day visitors ask "Where is the best place to eat in the neighborhood?"  I know they are looking for answers like Commander's Palace, Atchafalaya, etc (awesome places, too!).  But what I really want to say (and often do) is: "Go to the gas station across the street!"  Everyone knows that Shawarma on the Go serves the best Middle Eastern fare in town. As a bonus, the humans who run and own it are of the finest sort. Hands down my favorite lunch on Magazine Street and my favorite neighbors.  A visit here brightens my day and gets the hungry job done.This place is awful. Wish there was an option for zero stars! Guy at the register was incredibly rude and refused to give me the sauces I requested. Shocked at how bad the customer service was!Greek-American here, born & raised in NYC, have lived in NOLA for 10 years.  This is the best gyro I've had in NOLA.  One of the best gyros I've had - ever, actually.  And I know good gyros!  The gyro meat was cooked just right, the tzatziki sauce was thick & scrumptious, the pita was fresh & warm, the steak fries were perfectly fried/salted, the portions were big, the price was low, and the service was absolutely lovely!  What a great little find this place is!  If they start delivering, I'm in big trouble.Great middle eastern food with humble digs, attached to a gas station, convenience store. Looks like business is mostly takeout, but there are a few tables, so you can eat in. Better plates and sandwiches than on offer from fancier middle eastern offering the same fare.I LOVE LOVE Shawarma on the Go. The quality of the food and portions is out of this world. They prepare all of the food in an open kitchen in front of you. Everything always comes out smelling so good and hot! Parking may be a bit difficult to get since it is located in a gas station but it is totally worth it! The service I get here is so amazing. They always greet you with a smile when taking your order. I always leave with delicious food and in such a great mood!Its high grade fast food -- I mean that in a good way. Wonderful shawarma and gyro spot for takeout. The meat is moist, the hummus is nice wittit. Servings are ample size and the price is reasonable for gyro and shawarma. The gas station location adds character.Pretty solid place, fast place. The hummus is really great. I wasn't a fan of the Lebanese tea. It tasted off.I come here once a week!
The awesome people that work here are conscientious about Covid- always wearing their masks, and nowhere for people to sit.
This place is always clean!
Honestly awesome shawarma! Thank y'all for staying open during this time- I'll continue to come and support as often as I can!Shawarma on the Go is one of our favorite restaurants for ordering takeout Mediterranean food.  We always phone in our orders and within 10 minutes it's easy to walk in, pay and pick up.  
Our favorites are the Chicken Shawarma Platter and the Gyro Lamb Platter. Both can also be ordered as wraps are more than enough to feed two or three people.  Each generous platter comes with freshly made hummus, pita bread and a small salad. 
If you are in a rush and need some great Mediterranean takeout I highly recommend Shawarma on the Go.I seriously love this place. It's located inside of Jetgo gas station. There are a few parking spots, and I got lucky to get one of those spots.
Service - The cashiers were so friendly. 
Food - I got the gyro plate. The plate comes with rice and it was cooked to perfection. Not too moist, not too dry. Perfect. The plate came with salad too. I should've asked for dressing on the side because it was a little too much dressing, but it was still good. The plate also comes with a side of hummus and pita bread. Can't go wrong with those. They let you have the option to get regular white or wheat pita bread. The gyro was delicious. That tzatziki sauce is life. Everything was so good! They gave a good portion of the gyro. I shared with a friend and we were both stuffed after finishing! All for $9.99 say what?! 
Seating - The first time I was there, there were probably only about 3 or 4 small tables. The second time I came, I was so glad they upgraded their tables and added more! Only problem is, there were so many people coming in for the food that there just really isn't enough seats for everyone. You should definitely try to come in before or after the lunch rush. I came in around 11:30am and there were like 3 tables open. Once it was noon, all the tables were filled and there was a line of people who were ordering. I would have hated it if I came and there wasn't a table open for me to eat at.
Overall, I definitely recommend this place. So glad I tried it!A new restaurant inside of a gas station... humm so it seems we are going all country style in NOLA finally which is fine with me as good food in gas stations is a great thing.  
This place usually gives you a large amount of food for a decent price.  The first time I went I had enough food for three meals but the second time it was enough for just one, albeit very large, meal.  The only complaint I would have is that they don't have fresh brewed iced tea and you only have the fountain drinks or bottle drink options.  I also wish they did offer the hot chili paste sauce most of the other Middle Eastern joints in town offer but currently they just have Sriracha.  Most people seem to get their food to go here so even though there are some tables here I've yet to seem them used.  If you aren't in the mood for Middle Eastern food they also offer a menu of more traditional American food items.    
Overall I've been pretty happy with my food here so far and they give you a good portion size at a fair price along with being very generous on the condiments they top the food with.The food  here is great. The salad dressing is fresh. The Greek plate is the bang for the buck. Pita always tough but the hummus is good. They charge for hot sauce which I'm fine with paying but the guy who makes the plates gives a mean attitude when I ask for hot sauce. I love this place for a quick to go meal.  I live a few blocks away and my 12 yr old and I keep these guys in heavy rotation.  The crew working is always super friendly and the food is always delicious!  You will be happy with the food and the price!