The cauliflower hummus and pita bread were delicious! The cocktail was alright, nothing special. However, the service was atrociously bad. I understand we were seated at the bar and the restaurant was busy overall, but just because we weren't getting a hugeeee meal doesn't mean that you should treat the customers poorly.From start to finish, our meal at Shaya was completely top-notch. We had a very friendly and helpful server, who guided us four newbies through the menu. We did end up over ordering the small stuff to the point that I cancelled my entree and split my sister's with her. But it was just an amazing meal, from delicious combos in a dish to gorgeous but not overdone presentation. 
TO SHARE:
We got the Israeli salad, Moroccan spiced carrots and baba ghanouj, all of which were great. The carrots were amazing, however, and dipping the fresh out of the oven pita into the leftover carrot sauce may have been a highlight of the night. 
SMALL PLATES:
The lamb ragu hummus was just ridiculous. Had we not gotten more pita for wiping up the plate, I would have just licked it. And the falafel and accompanying salad were delicious too. The pita though....so good. 
MORE:
The hanger steak was so good. Flavorful and perfectly cooked. The matzo ball soup, while on the salty side, was great and I enjoyed the duck meat element. My friend's chicken looked good although I didn't try it. 
DESSERT:
Warm chocolate babka with halva ice cream? Amazing. Milk and Honey: labneh cheesecake with granola and burnt honey ice cream? Also amazing. 
A truly wonderful and memorable meal. And Rob Reiner was a few tables away, so that was cool too. Thanks Chef Shaya and the whole team!It's been 2 days and I'm still full from the delicious lunch we had at Shaya. My party of 20+ lovely ladies took over their private room upstairs and had quite the feast.  I wasn't sure I had room for more food after gorging on beignets at Cafe Du Monde, but I quickly made room for this deliciousness.
My friend had pre-planned the menu, which kept the food for so many people moving relatively quickly. Favorite included the pita (best pita ever) with dips, short rib and berry meringue dessert. The only dish that didn't really meet 5 star standards was the snapper, but probably just because I"m not usually a fan of snapper.
There are so many good restaurants to choose from in NOLA, but I wouldn't want to visit without coming back here.So,  so good. My husband is Armenian,  so a lot of the food is familiar flavors he grew up with.  The baba was perfect,  the pita HOT and fresh and the lamb was cooked to perfection.  Not one off note for us.The wood-fired pita oven is beautiful, and the fresh hot pita is delicious.  We ordered several small plates and hummus, and while everything was great, the paddlefish spread with caviar was all of our favorite.  Nice mix of hot and cold items, different flavors and textures.  The neighborhood is also lovely for a walk before or after dinner.  The cocktail list was very interesting, but we ordered wine instead - the server recommended a reasonably priced Greek white wine that went really well with our meal.The food was pretty good. We had the tahini hummus, baba ganoush, Israeli salad and tabouli. The pita in particular was warm, fresh and delicious. We also had a few of the fresh sodas, including a strawberry basil soda and pomegranate lemon soda. 
Honestly, what is docking my review is the service. Everyone I suppose was decently nice, but it just felt like we ordered, and were then ignored the rest of the time. After we ordered, our waitress commented that we didn't quite order enough, then, she never bothered to come back to see how our dishes were or if we wanted more.What can I say? YOU MUST EAT HERE!
This is one of my favourite restaurants in the world, and my #1 go to place in NOLA. It is beyond excellence and I have never had a more well rounded dining experience, which never lets up or disappoints even after multiple visits.
Staff are always diligent and friendly, as well as being knowledgable about the food, wines and desserts.
Whenever we have friends and family visiting - the answer is SHAYA.It's a beautiful place, great atmosphere. I especially loved their courtyard. 
The hummus and bread were delicious, but our server seemed to have a few to many tables and our service suffered. She was extremely nice but the pace was very slow. 
Didn't get our order till to late. The manager was nice, but our server was never present. My beer took quite a while to get to the table, would have ordered more if I thought I could get it quickly. 
If the service issued would be fixed I would have rated higher.Just amazing. Accommodated our large party for lunch and everyone was super nice and very helpful. While the Chicken Schnitzel Sandwich was delicious, the real show stopper (surprise, surprise) was the bread service and hummus. Keep it up Shaya team!Hands down the best food we had in New Orleans!! Everything was super fresh, and so extremely well seasoned and spiced that every bite was enjoyable! Can't wait to come back with my family!-2nd time eating here
-lunch on Monday with friends in town from DC.
-falafal sandwich/cauliflower hummus/lamb kebob and a few other assortments.
-delicious taste for all of the dishes
-environment was a bit stuffy for New Orleans.  1st time I ate there it had much more relaxed vibe.  I was dressed nice and the hostess did not want to let me go pass the hostess stand.  It was as if I was going to take the restaurant hostage- doing what.. I don't know.
-would return for drinks and food at bar.  Had a bartender who had fantastic service and was very professional.  I don't know her name but she had glasses and dark, long hair.Wanted to give more stars but not as good as earlier visits. Could be the change in management. The hummus and the lamb were perfection but all other dishes were fair to not good. The staff at front desk were rude and disinterested, service was poor. Act like a highly rated restaurants and take a page out of Danny Myers book and make customers feel welcome and always be your best.
Shaya was far from that this past weekend. Shaya was a favorite but I would be reluctant to return.Food and service were good. I wouldn't say great or excellent, but I may have had unrealistic expectations based on other reviews. We ate an early dinner (5:30pm on a Wednesday), and restaurant was already loud and over crowded. It was difficult to converse and the service suffered.It's like it's thanksgiving all over again. Ate so much delicious food I feel like I need to unbutton my top button of my pants as I leave.
The cauliflower hummus was reallyyyy good. The babaganoush and lamb was literally so tasty I could have eaten by myself and not shared. Wish we got more pita to continue enjoying since the 9 dishes we got came with 4 pitas. The small plates and entrees (which we got shakshouka and steak) were excellent, although a bit small in portions. And wow the milk and honey desert was good even if I wasn't even hungry to eat desert because of how full I got. 
Worth making reservations and trying out. The downside is how close the tables are to the bar - sometimes felt a little crowded.Growing up in Detroit I have sampled some of the best middle eastern food available in the US.  I was excited to try this place when my friend and Detroit to New Orleans transplant recommended it. 
The bread was amazing and fresh out of the oven.  I highly recommend the curry cauliflower hummus but the rest of the small dishes were average.  Lamb kabob was juicy and tasty. Service was a little off as it took an extended amount of time between our small dishes and entrees. 
Prob worth a try if you live in New Orleans but if visiting then I say stick to the New Orleans/southern cuisine.There is a lot of talk among the locals about Shaya being crowned the "Best New Restaurant in America". I'm not sure according to who exactly... Esquire magazine I think? Not exactly the final word on fine dining, but still, kudos. At any rate, whether or not you think its the best new restaurant in America, it is definitely really good. I'd say the best middle eastern / Mediterranean fare I've had. They describe themselves as modern Israeli cuisine, but a lot of the options will be familiar from other middle eastern restaurants. Baba Ganoush, hummus, falafel, kebabs, etc. 
We got crispy halloumi (lightly fried cheese), hummus with fried cauliflower, and slow cooked lamb. All of it was really good, but by FAR the best is the hummus with their pita bread. The pita is a big, warm, fluffy pillow of flame oven cooked bread. It's really excellent. Our server dissuaded us from ordering two different types of hummus, but that was a mistake. Next time I might get nothing but hummus. And they did a  good job of keeping the pitas coming, though it only took one or two to finish off the relatively small dish of hummus. The lamb entree was quite good too. We'd probably skip the halloumi in the future and try one of their many vegetable options instead.
The decor and atmosphere inside are really great. We ate out in the back courtyard which is also very nice, and has heaters for cool evenings. They had some interesting looking cocktails, and a nice wine and beer list. Despite all the buzz and success, the prices here are very reasonable, its definitely not a fine dining elite only sort of place. People were dressed in varying degrees of casualness, especially in the courtyard. We felt lucky to get a reservation on a Friday night. It is normally completely booked up weeks in advance, but sometimes if you call on the morning of, they have seats that have become available in the courtyard.
Very good dinner, I wish we were around longer to try more.Very busy hip spot. Driving around waiting for hotel room and thought we'd try it. Walked in wo ressie so had to sit at bar. The fire oven for pita and the pita were amazing. Great midfield eastern good. Ordered the trio in the middle- whole roasted okra, baba ganosh, and tabouleh. Yummy starter. Ordered the falafel sandwich little dry but tasty. And huge- served with great crispy potatoes. Also ordered lamb kebab. 
Enjoyed a Croatian wine tooFinally tried this place last night with my Greek friend. It was delicious food and a huge trendy beautiful place! The food was amazing hummus, falafel, and tartare! Ate in the patio way in the back great service can't wait to go back!What a pleasant surprise.  I went here with some ladies for a girls dinner and it was just so delicious.  We sat on the patio which was adorable and made you feel like you were somewhere near the Mediterranean.  The hummus was outstanding as was the falaffel and the fish that we got.  The service was outstanding as well.  I would happily recommend this place to anyone for a little something different than your standard New Orleans fare.Best Mediterranean restaurant I've been to. Literally everything is fantastic! From the pita bread with butternut squash hummus to the lamb kebab-- top notch
Definitely start with the small plates, can't go wrong!One of my new favorite restaurants in New Orleans. Alon Shaya knows what he's doing and is a very talented chef. Food, decor/interior and service are all incredible. I've had more than half of menu and there is nothing I wouldn't order again. The first thing you get at Shaya is their pita bread made in their wood fire oven. It is the most warm, fluffy and all around perfect pita you will ever eat. I used to be indifferent towards pita and think they are all the same. Turns out I was having crappy pita bread for a long time. A summary of my other favorites:
Avocado toast:
Fresh fish and avocado. Has a perfect salty taste to it. The pink peppercorns finish it off nicely. 
Baba ganoush 
Possible my favorite in the city. The consistency was perfectly creamy as baba ganoush should be
Lamb kebab
This may be the best lamb I've had in the city. Perfectly cooked and wonderful combination of spices
Curried cauliflower hummus
Shaya has a couple different hummus options to choose from but this is my favorite. As in I want one for myself and I don't plan on sharing any. Just get it and thank me later.
I have also had their falafel sandwich and chicken schnitzel. Both are excellent also because you have the option of getting them with fries. And they're not ordinary fries but curry fries....served with harissa mayo (seriously). 
I recommend making a reservation as they always seem packed.Walked a mile through a parade to get there. Arrived at 4pm to a nearly empty restaurant. The host said she couldn't seat our party of 3 inside until 5:30. Incredibly rude and unaccommodating.We really loved the food and ambience. The people were very friendly. The food arrived on time and it was very tasty. Found many vegetarian options . The pomegranate lemon soda and strawberry mint soda have been absolutely refreshing. If looking for vegetarian options in new Orleans would strongly recommend this. The price is reasonable.Food receives 5 stars. It's wonderful and the chef deserves all his accolades. 
The hostesses receive -5 stars. I'm not sure what the deal is there. They don't answer the phones for pickup orders. You seriously have to call 10 times for them to pickup. Half the time they aren't at the counter when you walk in. They have no idea what's going on when you do walk in. Seems like an easy fix but it's been an issue since day one. 
Hopefully management can give the chef the support he needs and turn around the front service.Had a late lunch on the Sunday of Labor Day weekend, as no dinner reservations were available while I was in town.  Can't recommend it highly enough.  The ambiance is welcoming and bright, the service/waitstaff helpful and knowledgable, and the food is exceptional.  Our party of 3 shared an order of hummus with curried cauliflower (10/10) and an assortment of 5 small plates to share:  the Moroccan carrots, lutenitsa (purée of roasted tomatoes), and roasted okra are not-to-be missed.  The baba ganoush and shipka peppers were very good but I'd try something different next time.  The homemade bread is phenomenal.  We were too full for dessert but are planning to try our luck as walk-ins because all of the 5-6 selections sounded delicious!  Totally worth the hype!This is one of my favorite meals in New Orleans!  The Pita was amazing, but everything was so fresh and full of flavor.  I would definitely go back.  The people beside us have been in New Orleans for five days and have been back three times.   I highly recommend this restaurant.I've been following them for awhile. My son brags on it all the time. Of course first place I wanted to go to and O M Geeee this place is to die for. I'll come back every time I'm in NOLAExcellent food and service once you get past the reception. The night we arrived there were seven tables open, and three when we left, but they were not taking walk-ins. We had the "three for the table" (Baba Ganoush, Ikra, Tzatziki) followed by Chicken Paprikash and Stuffed Eggplant. All were expertly prepared and presented. The Chef also came over and discussed the meal, which was a great benefit. I definitely will return here.We ordered so much food at Shaya. The waiter advised us to get like three more things so you don't have to order the whole menu! My wife and I always go crazy over the bread stuff at first and aren't hungry for the entree...
I would get the cauliflower hummus over the other small "dips" if you are a small group. The hummus was delicious and the pita bread puts all other pita you have ever had to shame. We also got the chicken schnitzel sandwich which was perfectly fried and a perfectly toasted bread with fancy looking seeds on top. 
We were able to sit right away at the bar around 1pm. 
Bartender isn't going to win the friendliest man award but did try. 
Would definitely go back the next time we are in New OrleansBest Middle Eastern Food I've had.   Just soooo tasty every bit.  The pita was amazing!
Favorite was the hummus with egg and babba g.
Their drinks are great too.  
Dessert, meh.   Oh well, can't be amazing at everything.So incredibly glad we found this place! We are visiting from out of town and didn't make plans until reaching here. When I tried to make a reservation, they were booking for over a month out! I called the restaurant to check if they had a bar which they do and it's first come first serve. Perfect I told her, we will try our luck. Got there and only waited 5 minutes before seats opened up! 
I was so impressed with the bartender (wish I knew her name to give her a shoutout!). She recommended drinks for us and made a customized drink for my BF and even going back to the kitchen to get some ingredients for his cocktail. 
We started with the cauliflower hummus and the falafel. They were delicious ! I thought the cauliflower was just a tad salty but still overall great. The falafel was crunchy and flavorful. It was served with pita bread fresh out of their oven which is fantastic! It's so hot there is steam coming out of it. They also bring a bowl of olive oil with za'tar seasoning which I thought was a little heavy on the seasoning. No matter, you don't need it! I asked for another piece of bread so we could finish up the hummus and they promptly brought some over. 
We should have been done as we were already full. However, given how impressed we were with the appetizers, we wanted to try more! We did the 3 for $15 combo of vegetable dishes. We tried the Israeli salad, whitefish caviar, and the stewed tomato and eggplant dish. I really liked the salad as it was pretty simple with cucumbers tomatoes onions lemon and za'tar. Very light and flavorful! The other two I thought were just ok. Or maybe we were too stuffed to enjoy them. 
We saw a couple of people eating the lamb large plate dish and I have a feeling we are going to try to go back again tonight just for that dish because so many people raved about it while we were there!
Overall 5 stars for service, atmosphere, and food! I did overhear people saying there were a lot of termites outside so maybe try to sit inside during the hot summer!Oh, so delicious! I was not a big fan of the small plates concept, but this place definitely changed my mind. First, the venue is beautifully decorated. We got dinner reservation (make sure you book at least 2 weeks in advance) and it was a little loud yet not unbearable, like other places I've been to lately. The service took a little longer than desired at first but then it picked up. We concluded people who use to go to tapas/small plates restaurants are used to slower paced, longer services. We order the baba ganoush, Israeli salad, and tabouleh to start, then the curried fried cauliflower hummus. Every item was so flavorful and delicious it was hard to pick the baba as my favorite. Also, I had heard about their pita but I really can't describe how amazing it was, so puffy, so fresh, so soft. We then had the Louisiana shrimp shakshouka and it was pretty good. We both thought the shrimp was overcooked but our server had no problem bringing us a new serving, which was perfect. Their wine selection is great, a little bit of everything. I can't wait to go back!Scroll Up + Click "Get Directions" + Wait + Eat Food + Leave Happy + Do it Again tomorrow. 
Just go. Stop reading more reviews. It won a James Beard award for a reason. So please do yourself a favor and go. Quick counting how much cash you have, use your credit card. Tip well and go. Make yourself happy. Stop reading this review. And go. Please stop. 
GO.Shaya is one of the most famous restaurants in New Orleans having received more than one James Beard awards. I also heard that it was also the best restaurant in United States. I also heard that one has to call three months in advance to get reservations. Well, I was very lucky to dine at Shaya tonight at the upstairs private dining room as a guest. The dinner was family style that gave us chance to taste a lot of the dishes. Here are my impressions;
baba ganoush: an average dish, not different than you get anywhere else. This is congenitally tasty.
Moroccan carrots: I personally would not order this dish if I am there another time. It is like curried carrots.  Lutenitsa: same. Pickled vegetables were without distinction. Labneh yogurt was rich & creamy. Tasty dish. Humus topped with curried & roasted cauliflower, and humus topped with lamb were average at best. Good humus should have a light, fluffy mousse consistency with absolutely zero grit. Shaya's humus was not a humus at summit that fits it's reputation. Avocado toast was tasty, topped with red/pink peppercorns with their delectable flavor. Nice touch. Unfortunately, not many chefs use this ingredient frequently enough. I'm very familiar with halloumi cheese that originated from Cyprus as my father was from there. Their halloumi dish was below average. One of my dinner companions rated their fish as the worst dish, and I agree. Hangar stake was well prepared and tasty but accompanying whipped potato lacked the fluffy mousse character and was not tasty. Lastly, if one can screw up künefe, they did it to this dish that is universally loved in Middle East. If this is a dish that is created, at least please do not call it kanafeh! The restaurant was very nice, clean and simply decorated. It is white linen with excellent and professional service.Unbelievable lunch. Lamb ragu was amazing. The bread was fresh and delicious. Tough to go wrong on any dish here. Must have: avocado toast.Shaya has awesome food and the service is great when you're in the restaurant area. The service is pretty subpar if you're holding a private party in one of their meeting rooms upstairs. Overall, though, definitely check it out if just there in the restaurant area; it's very nice.We ate at several really good restaurants in New Orleans, but Shaya was the best. From start to finish an excellent meal. The chicken with chickpea mujadara was amazing and ranks with the best dishes I've ever had.  We will definitely be back the next time we are in New Orleans.With all the 5 star reviews expectations were certainly high as lunch reservations were made for a Sunday afternoon.  Crazy this place is a month out for dinner given the price point, but now we understand why and with good reason.
First and foremost, we travel with a little one.  At the time of this lunch reservation she was 15 months old, which the staff were totally cool with accommodating.  Would I bring a child I wasn't 100% certain would remain well behaved? Probably not, the other clientele did seem pretty fancy, but our little lady has been going out since she was a newborn and performed as expected.  Either way, they will accommodate which I wanted to note.
Moving to the main event, the food.  
We ordered a couple small plates, avocado toast, and falafel, soft egg hummus, and the pick 5 in the middle of their menu.  The avocado toast was delicious, and the falafel ruined me.  My homemade falafel will never again compare to the light crispy balls they served up.  Hummus was light and quite delightful with the egg, pickles and onion served with it.  Pick 5 gives you a good mix of different items, all of which were delicious as well.
There really wasn't anything at this place that wasn't amazing, would totally return and do it all over.Have now gone to Jazzfest on NOLA 2years and eaten here twice. Both times I had a fantastic craft cocktail and both times ate too much because I wanted to try everything. Everything is served with fresh made pitas as they come out of the oven. You've never had pitas like this. They're like footballs. Couple it with many of the hummus' particularly the lamb ragu. But there is so much on the menu. I'll go next year too.Tiny plates, over priced, middle eastern food. Save your money and go to Mona's or Lebanon's. Better service and better food. Don't waste your time.Go shank or go home. The lamb shank was so tasty, the meat was so moist and just fell off the bone. The cauliflower hummus and Persian rice were also amazing! Definitely recommend this restaurant!!The food is outstanding, the service is great. Don't miss out on the cauliflower hummus, the Brussels, and the cheesecake dessert.... Spectacular. We were a party of 6, we ordered a dozen or more items and shared them tapas style. We reordered the cauliflower hummus. Really enjoyed it.Visited New Orleans for a few days for a convention and I was told I had to go to Shaya by a friend of mine. Hands down the best meal we had in NOLA. Absolutely superb. Cannot really verbalize how good everything was. The small plates might not look like a lot but boy are the delicious. The fresh made bread is really what sets it off. My favorite small plate was the carrots and the lamb entree was easily the best lamb dish I've ever eaten. 
Just make a reservation and go. Period.I've been to Shaya twice since it opened, and it's absolutely incredible.  You must find time to go!  Both times I've been, it's been at weird times (once really early and once really late) because this play stays packed.  
I've only been for dinner, so I can only speak to that.  The menu is divided into small plates, large plates, soups/salads, "for the table" appetizers, hummus, and large plates.  The 3 for $12/5 for $18 is easily the best deal around.  No, you're not getting an exorbitant amount of food for each "for the table" dish, but combined it's a great way to get a little taste of everything, especially if you're with a small group.  Between the two times I've been, I've tried almost all of them, and they really are all to die for.  Honorable mention: the ikra and lutenista.  
As for the small plates, you must get the falafel.  I don't care if you're not a falafel person (I wasn't really, to be honest, before coming to Shaya)... you're going to BECOME a falafel person after you have theirs.  It comes with incredibly fresh tzaziki and a little cabbage salad... I highly recommend just mixing it all together for some incredible combination of flavor and texture.  I've had the lamb kebab, avocado toast, tartare and foie gras, as well, which were all great.  Both times I've been, the "for the table" and small plates were more than enough food for the table.  
Also noteworthy is the atmosphere... if you have a chance to sit on the back patio, take it.  We sat out there around 5pm on a weekday before the dinner crowd starting pouring in, and it was just so enjoyable out there.  It's a tight enough spot that the sun isn't beaming down on you (in the evening), but you still get all the joys of being outside.  With a glass of wine in your hand, it feels so cozy and laid-back.  
Long story short, get over there now!  This place is going to be huge.All the reviews are correct, this place is delicious. I was somewhat hesitant because I am somewhat of a picky eater and typically go with the "safe" choices. We had the hummus, cauliflower, baked chicken, and lamb. Finished off the meal with the chocolate babka which is really the only part I didn't love. I'm a huge dessert fan and the babka was like a piece of toast to me, but the rest of the meal was amazing!Oh my goodness how splendid.  This restaurant was so rarely wonderful and delicious.  It has not been since I ate at Merenda in Milwaukee (a long time ago) that I walked out of a restaurant so wowed by the incredible and sophisticated flavors.  Furthermore, no one could have convinced me that a menu that is 90% veggies could have captivated me as much as this place.  It's casually elegant and fun but the real star here is the chef.  I don't have adequate superlatives to describe just how good this place is.  If anyone does not enjoy the food here, he or she simply has a bad pallet.  Did I say the fresh out of the oven pitas were to die for?Best Mediterranean food I've had- the cauliflower hummus is a must try. Everything is delicious here and the selection of alcohol is perfect- not over or underwhelming and they have one of my favorite wines it doesn't hurt that the whole wait staff is inexplicably attractive and friendly either lolEverything we ordered, including the cocktails, was great! Especially loved the pita bread and the lamb main course.We drove 4 hours to New Orleans, just so we could have lunch at Shaya. They welcomed us right in, and without a reservation were able to accommodate us on the patio, which was remarkable.  Everything we ordered was phenomenal, from start to finish, both food and cocktails.
Courtney did an excellent job tending to our needs, especially since our guest had certain allergies. 
We cannot wait for the opportunity to sample the offerings we couldn't get to today, and to revisit the fantastic things we have now sampled...
Thank you all so much for surpassing our already lofty expectations!When you can only get a reservation for a Monday night & the place is packed, you get the message...it's worth a visit. Patterned after Yotam Ottelengi's Jerusalem cuisine, it's a welcome addition to the NOLA food scene. The service is as warm & friendly as the food is great. Won't disappoint the adventurous.Its a beautiful restaurant with an amazing ambience and great service. The problem was the food. We ordered the hummus - CHANTERELLE, SHAKSHOUKA, muhammara, and the morrocon tea. The hummus was non existent and got lost in the toppings. It seems we were having some vegetable mixture. The shakshouka was good but didnt satisfy our taste buds. We paid 60 bucks for this food so just didnt live up to the hype and price. We were expecting way more. In btw the pita and olive oil combo was the best and morrocon tea was excellent.It lives up to expectations! We had small plates and lots of hot pita bread. Truly great food and atmosphere. The services have to be positively mentioned due to their attention to detail and knowledge of the platesEverything about this place was outstanding. The decor is very modern; restaurant very clean. The staff is wonderful and very helpful. Sat at the bar as the restaurant was booked for lunch. Ordered three starters - Moroccan carrots, pickles, and Israeli salad. All delicious - amazing flavors. The fresh HOT pita bread accompanied all dishes. This was followed by avocado smoked whitefish toast and shakshouka skillet. Wow wow wow. We couldn't stop oooing and moaning over this food. So many amazing flavor combinations. We couldn't get enough. We topped this off with halva cappuccinos and two scrumptious deserts: honey&milk (cheesecake with halva ice cream over granola) and malabi with kumquats and pomegranate. This was mind blowing. The latter was a vanilla custard with pomegranate - not too sweet, not too sour JUST PERFECT!! My hubby also ordered two drinks. Both phenomenal. The only downside is the TINY  portion of Israeli salad and other starters for the price. Will definitely come back !!!!First, make reservations. We called 45 minutes ahead. Told them we would be there in 35-45 mn. No one said oh, make reservations. They fit us in. The wait person Nicole was a superstar. Guiding us through the menu and figuring out we like it spicy and flavorful. Brought in three kids, ages 5, 14 and 15. If they are patient, it's great. It's not cheap, meant to be a full experience. Appetizers, dinners and desserts. Small menu, but great. We got six different dishes including four appetizers and one special flatbread, some lamb kebabs a chicken and a seafood. Really good.Amazing!  The best pita bread I've ever eaten.  Nothing else even comes close.  Best bread period.  The cauliflower hummus was amazing.  The lamb shank was perfect.  When my friends suggested this restaurant I wasn't sure it was for me.  I was very wrong.  The pita bread alone is worth the trip and then you find other amazing dishes to go with the bread.  I will be back!I've tried to make a reservation for Shaya the second we booked our trip to NOLA, approximately 2.5 months ago.  Unfortunately, even with the long lead time, the only reservation I can snag was for 9:30pm on a Sat.  As such, I've came here with high expectations, and I am happy to report that it was definitely worth the wait.  We were seated in the front, which was dark and intimate.  The restaurant was still quite full despite the time.  We didn't try more dishes because of how late it was, and since our body was still at EST, we were quite tired when we sat down for dinner.  
Dishes we tried:
Baba Ganoush, Lutenitsa & Ikra - we decided to start with three dips, baba ganoush is usually my go-to dip and it definitely did not disappoint.  Loved the smokiness of the eggplant.  Lutenitsa was my least favorite dip, it tasted like canned tomato sauce.  Conversely, I fell in love with Ikra.  It was my first time trying Ikra, and now I wonder where has it been my whole life.  I was worried that it would be too fishy, but the roe was subtle and did not overwhelm the dish.  However, the star of this dish was definitely the home made pita bread.  It was so soft and fluffy, like a little beautiful cloud.  We attacked the first one in mere minutes and asked for a second one.  However, after finishing the second one in similar fashion, I was reluctant to ask for another one, for the fear of being deemed too greedy.  When the waiter stopped by to refill our water, he noticed the empty plate and offered to bring us another one, who am I to say no that that?!  If I can, I would eat that pita bread everyday, it was perfection.
Lamb Kebab - the lamb was well seasoned and went well with the pita bread (yes I vow to mention the pita in every sentence of this review).  Overall, this dish was good, but it didn't really stand out.
Crispy Halloumi - I love halloumi, and who can resist fried cheese.  I personally loved this dish, but the guy thought it was too dry, even when paired with the accompanied preserve. I love the addition of kohlrabi and wish there were more of it in this dish.
Service was impeccable, the servers were helpful and attentive without being intrusive.  I really wish I could've tried more dishes, especially dessert, but by the time we finished the aforementioned plates, we were thoroughly exhausted.  This is definitely one of the restaurants in NOLA that I would love to come back and try again.  Funny side note, the Uber driver that picked us up from the restaurant also raved about how amazing Shaya was, and we promptly spend the entire ride to the hotel discussing our favorite dishes.I did not find this restaurant to be very authentic. Perhaps it's not meant to be?  Nothing in the decor says Middle East. But that's just an observation, not a knock. But I think I'm down on this place for one simple reason. I didn't like my dish. I ordered the shakshuka which only comes 1 way. It would be nice to have the option to add something like eggplant or sausage, or on top of hummus. But my main complaint, aside from it also being too liquidy, was that it was so tangy, bitter, acidic...with every bite I was cringing at the twang. Even the beautiful pita couldn't cut it down. 
I've had shakshuka, I make shakshuka, I've been a return customer to a good shakshuka place, but I'll never order shakshuka again here. They missed the mark terribly. Sorry. 
Now for the good. The hummus was probably the best I've ever had. That means a lot. Had it with cauliflower and it was perfect. If I do go again just to see if it was just a bad dish, I want to order the sabich which I should have ordered in the first place. 
Sorry to trash your shakshuka which brings down my ratings but it is very rare for me to not like a meal I've ordered at a restaurant, especially one with such a strong reputation.Excellent food, especially the fresh baked pita bread, hummus and lamb kebabs. Cocktails are outstanding as well.Such a wonderful experience! Desmond was our very friendly, helpful waiter. He was knowledgeable and gave great suggestions. The cauliflower was our favorite, but in all honesty everything was our favorite. The pita bread is made fresh and I couldn't stop eating it. The lamb ragu hummus was amazing! I will be craving Shaya until I return to New Orleans.Thank goodness for restaurants like Shaya so I don't have to eat fried food on vacation. 
They received the James Beard Award and whew, this was one of my favorite meals in New Orleans. The food was fresh - the woman who sat at the bar next to me got the same meal: curried cauliflower hummus with fresh puffy pita and the falafel plate. I don't even like falafels and I loved all of this, especially the cauliflower.
The bartenders, Ashley and Kelly, were super friendly and professional. I loved watching them mix these gorgeous drinks. Shaya is a must!The food is good. The bread is fresh baked and outstanding.  I am greek and middle eastern so I grew up on this food. There were several adaptations I was not personally happy with. I dont like almonds in tabouli. I also would prefer they call the lamb kufta instead of kabob.  It is not a solid piece of lamb meat. It is good however.  My biggest complaint is their discription of the food. It is not very accurate.  Personally I think the place is very overpriced especially the wines.  I can take you to wonderful places in LA, New York or Boston that have delicious food for half the price. I guess in New Orleans this is all they have.A must visit!!! Get reservations to make sure you can get in! The best service and the best food, but seriously take it easy on that pita!! We have lived in Baton Rouge for 6 months, and have been to this restaurant 5 times. When my fiancé says we are going to New Orleans, I always get a smile and he replies, "yessss, we can go to shaya".  Do not plan on getting a meal to eat yourself, you need to try everything and sharing is a must! Especially the humus, if you do not get the humus, you have to go back and get It. LOVE this place!Really beautiful interpretation of Mediterranean flavors. The watermelon, soup, breads - all uniquely done in a perfect, creative way. Definitely understand why this chef is James Beard Award winning. It is a gem in New Orleans of elevated dining.Quite simply, fantastic. My girlfriend actually told me the braised lamb shank was some of the best food she's ever had. The service was great, the chef came out and personally asked us how our experience was and if the food was good, and the starters were on point. Get the mint tea too- you will not regret it.Most definitely one of the best mediterranean food I ever had in my life. I had some good hummus, but their hummus is good as anyones.. It gets better with their HOT HOT pita bread.. Well balanced and delicious meal.. The service is wonderful as well.. I will be back Shaya..Everything was amazing! I definitely recommend this place to the T! From the atmosphere to the service was just exceptional. I don't remember my server name but she was very nice and attentive to me and my guest. It was my first time coming here and I definitely will be coming back. I recommend everything from the fresh hummus and pita bread it was just amazing. The cocktails are just delicious, the wines are smooth, and doesn't leave a bitter taste in your mouth. One of the best restaurants I have been too since I have moved here and cannot wait to come back againFantastic food.. just takes a few visits to get your order right.. The sizes of the plates and what they mean by a "salad" is a little different than what you might expect.. Great service..I LOVE THIS PLACE!  Easily my favorite restaurant in New Orleans and my top 10 anywhere.  The small plates (3/$15 or 5/$23) are absolutely delicious - make sure to try the Israeli salad and tershi.  The staff and service are top-notch and my only complaint is that I wish it were easier to get a reservation!What can I say? This place is a James Beard award winning restaurant for a reason! That reason may be attributed solely to that steamy, scrumptious pita, but also could have something to do with their exciting varieties of hummus... or maybe it's that dynamite shakshouka. Whatever it is, you should go asap and try the Mint Tea too. We ordered it to warm ourselves outside, and it's so comforting and yummy. Shaya is amazing and Alon is the man!I'm a big fan of hummus and I'll have to say that Shaya's cauliflower hummus is my all time favorite!Holy Cow! This place was delicious!!! The hummus is a MUST. I had the curry fired cauliflower hummus but all of them looked spectacular. The kibbeh nayah was out of this world as well. 
I came by myself, sat at the bar and had a late dinner. The only fault with the evening was on my own bc I wish I could've had someone with me to order more food to try.
Never thought I'd go to New Orleans and race about Israeli food- but this place is a slam dunk!
Super friendly waitstaff! Better than the hype!Definitely my favorite place in New Orleans!!! The chicken is the best I've ever had. That bread coming out of the wood burning oven is amazing. Don't miss the tartare!Went 2 years prior when it just opened and had a mind-blowingly excellent meal.  Went last year and had a PHENOM visit.  This year was ok but not on the same level.  Those experiences round up to 3 stars combined since I'm going on the more recent visit.
Drinks:
There's sparkling, still and tap water.  We were not offered any options although the wealthy couple (super friendly to us, thank goodness, because seats are rather close together) who sat next to us a few moments later were offered all three.  I would've loved sparkling which I don't remember being offered before!  Oh well.
I used to be a hearty drinker years ago but I'm practically a teetotaler nowadays because I care about my brain and liver.  However, this was vacation and we're in NO so I decided to splurge and have a glass of booze on this visit!  Wine list didn't blow me away.  Spent a few minutes looking up some of their less expensive (read: $30-$50 per bottle) wine selections online and found the markup to be astronomical (some almost 75%) and the type of wine I gravitate towards (reds not-merlot-nor-sweet-but-earthy) mostly received lukewarm reviews from various publications.  I decided not to risk it and instead order a mezcal based specialty drink which was fine. I should've just gotten a good scotch and called it a day.  My husband's drink was something with a shrub tincture and he said it was fine.  We were not asked if we wanted another drink after our first ones were finished and our waiter didn't reappear until our meal was complete.  I was more than ok with that but my husband was not since he had wanted to try something different.
In a city where coffee is dark and bitter this was definitely a lighter brew than we had previously.  Last year they brought out the press let it sit then pressed it for us.  This visit they just brought out pre-made in a metal pot.  
Service:
Our server was friendly enough but we noticed that we received verrrrrryyyyy different service than the obviously affluent folks who sat next to us.  Besides the failure to offer us a water choice he also didn't give us the spiel about specials and offer suggestions in regards to drinks.  They got the type of service I received in the past and wish I'd gotten on this visit but didn't.  I know I don't have a rock on my finger as big as a house nor do I have the fanciest duds but dagnabit, I've got money to spend!   
Plates were not cleared and even though we never received side plates, which would've been very helpful, the tables are so small that things quickly get crowded and cramped.  I don't think I should *ever* have to stack my own plates at a place like this.  :(
Food arrived quickly and with a smile, and he did box up the left over food and include a fresh pita but for a $100 lunch for 2 people I would have loved to have learned more about the food prep, etc.  This was a special trip and we were so looking forward to a stellar experience but got 'meh' instead.
During the previous visits we received stellar service so 2 out of 3 is a good average all-in-all.
Food:
The pita was amazing as usual.  PIPING HOT!  I had to control myself to not stab my husband's hand away from it every time he tore a piece off.
The hummus isn't that bland crud you've had a grocery stores or the grainy spread you may have eaten at other places.  This stuff is smooth, heavenly and worth savoring.  Never had a bad choice of hummus!
SHAKSHOUKA - This is supposedly a 'hot' dish both literally and figuratively as of late. Alas, here it was lukewarm and definitely not the best representation I've ever had.  Stick with the pita, hummus and falafel starter dishes and skip this one.  Bland, mushy and our eggs was cooked rock hard.  
Actually, just skip the mains and stick with the smaller portions in general.  Do light lunch.   You'll be glad you did.  Your tummy and your wallet will thank you!
Space:
This is a bustling spot and it gets loud very quickly.  I don't think it's a romantic spot.
Decor is minimalist but not cheap and not stuffy.  I think it could do with a bit more personal touches but that's just me.Bad bad bad
Don't spend your time
Every basic Israeli restaurant top this over rated restaurExtremely delicious falafel, perfectly tasting humus and fluffy warm pita are the plates to eat in this clean-chic restaurant. The nice little garden/terrace in the back is for sure a romantic place to be when you go out with your love, especially when it's hot outside. Definitely a restaurant worthy to spend a visit.Second visit visit for our party of three. The food was fabulous, the service not so much. I was first to be seated and ask our waitress A**** if she could do two checks for the table. My question was met with a look of disdain and a "I can't do that". Fine perfectly understandable if it's not the restaurants policy. Food ordered and everything was delicious. At one point A**** asked us if us if we would like another pita bread. We responded yes, but she never brought it. My friend ordered a second drink and 10 minutes later A**** noticed her empty glass and stated "oh yeah you wanted another drink, what was it again". I walked to the back of the restaurant to use the ladies room and found my way blocked by A****, the hostess, and another waitress who were standing around giggling. No apology from any of them when I had to go around them to get to my destination. I ordered an expresso with my dessert and it was never served. According to A**** there was a problem with the entry system when it was time to pay our check, but since earlier in the meal she'd walked by our table yawning I'm guessing something else was to blame. Someone needs to reassert some adult supervision on the front of the house of this restaurant. The "deal with it, you're lucky to be in our presence" attitude of the staff will cancel out the fabulous food eventually.New to New Orleans comes a truly gourmet and inspired take on dishes you are probably somewhat familiar with. Sure, you've had hummus and falafel before ... but trust me, it was never this good. Everything here is elevated to perfection. 
They bring you pita bread from a blazing hot oven. It's a cloud of the freshest most wonderful pita you've ever had. It's accompanied by some olive oil and spices. This is a dangerous offering, because it's so hard not to keep eating it! Honestly, you could go to Shaya, order a bottle of wine, have this pita and oil ... and not want anything else. Exercise some restraint and save room for other dishes ... you'll be glad you did.
My wife and I ordered a trio of "For The Table" items, two of which were essentially destined to be a gourmet schmear. The trio consisted of lutenitsa, a purée of roasted pepper, eggplant, garlic and tomato. It was like an exotic and ultra rich tomato paste, full of spices. We also had ikra, a caviar spread that reminded me of taramasalata. Finally, rounding out our trio was the watermelon and Bulgarian feta. Three refreshing balls of melon were accompanied by two tart and creamy balls of feta cheese and everything was drizzled with harrisa and walnuts. My wife and I feel that this dish only needs one thing to improve it ... a third ball of feta to go with that last melon ball. 
We had to try their hummus, based on all the raves I've read. We had their curried cauliflower hummus. Superb. Everything overwhelms with its freshness and attention to detail. Something as humble as hummus here takes on a new dimension in sumptuousness. 
Next came their take on matzo ball soup, done with duck instead of the usual chicken. Duck fat replaced the traditional schmaltz and there were tender morsels of duck that tasted as good as the best confit. The matzo balls were incredible. Only downside at this point was how much pita I had already eaten. It's hard not to eat bread here. 
On the subject of bread, we also had their avocado toast. Thick slices of dark rye bread were covered in rich creamy avocado and topped with smoked whitefish and pink peppercorns. Spectacular. 
Finally, in keeping with the tradition of ordering just a bit too much to eat ... we had their falafel which was nice a crunchy on the outside, with a moist and tender nutty inside. This was served with the best tzatziki sauce I've ever had. 
They have some very interesting sounding cocktails and beers on their drink list, but we decided on a nice light white wine. We had a great Croatian wine. I forgot to take a picture of the label, but I think it was Kozlovic Malvazija. Crisp, bright, citrusy ... perfect for a warm sunny day in New Orleans. 
How nice to have such a great new place in the neighborhood! I'm looking forward to our next visit.Checked this place out while in NOLA. Glad we did. Place is very nice. The ambiance is awesome nice music, nice decor, and pleasant staff. Food was delicious. The lamb ragu humus was amazing. High recommend.I've eaten here 6 times. There are enough reviews so I just want to say a few things about this place. 
I have never experienced this cuisine elevated to this level. It reminds me of what Rick Bayless did for Mexican food in Chicago. I have no doubt there will be chefs trying this in other cities soon. It's groundbreaking and deserves its accolades. 
A great restaurant is about consistency, service and attention to detail. I've had 6 excellent meals. I've seen lots of interesting menu changes and tried many of these. You can read reviews that talk about them specifically. I've never ordered a dish I didn't care for. 
A couple tips. My wife and I like to get 3/$15 from the center of the menu, 1 hummus and something from the left. You'll leave stuffed. We also like doing 5/$23 and getting a hummus. I've enjoyed the mazoh ball soup. 
I can't recommend BRG restaurants though and the ending to chef Shaya.Their hummus is spectacular. Enjoyed the small portions appetizer to get to try several items. Wish they had more items on the menu for the entree options.Lamb kabobs were awesome, great flavor and seasonings, chicken sandwich with house fries is a can't miss. Baba ganoush has a great Smokey flavor served with fresh made pitas.This awesome, quaint little perfect spot in the Garden District for a date night does not disappoint. The hot spot in NoLa right now, Shaya provides the delicacy of delicious and beautiful med/Israeli cuisine. Their matzah ball soup is to die, as well as everything else on their menu. The 'small plates' aren't so small. Great ambience, friendly staff - overall a wonderful dining experience. Make a reservation bc this place is smokin' hot.Omgggg...sorry, I haven't recovered my powers of speech yet.  This may be THE best restaurant in New Orleans.  RUN, don't walk - or take the St. Charles streetcar - to this place.  Every single thing was amazing.  The lutenitsa, baba ganoush and ikra are not to be missed.  Omg the pita bread.  They keep bringing hot loaves to the table.  I just can't.  The maitake hummus is an umami bomb of deliciousness.  Get the lamb kofte.  And the sandwich is a gigantic tour de force that will have you taking a looooong nap when you're done.  Get the Negev cocktail.  It has tequila and pomegranate in it.  Great service, great ambiance, world-rocking food.  That's Shaya.  Drop your phone and just go!Pita is a burning thing
And it makes a bready ring.
Bound by wild desire
I fell into a ring of pita.
I fell into a burning ring of pita,
I went down, down, down and the pita went higher
And it burns, burns, burns,
The ring of pita, the ring of pita.
The taste of pita is sweet
When hearts like ours meet.
I fell for pita like a child,
Oh, but the pita went wild.
I fell into a burning ring of pita,
I went down, down, down and the pita went higher
And it burns, burns, burns,
The ring of pita, the ring of pita.
I fell into a burning ring of pita,
I went down, down, down as the pita went higher
And it burns, burns, burns,
The ring of pita, the ring of pita.
And it burns, burns, burns,
The ring of pita, the ring of pita,
The ring of pita, the ring of pita.Pita bread and Curried cauliflower hummus were amazing. Best hummus we have ever had.  The wood roasted cabbage was great as well. Lutenitsa Salatim and crispy halloumi were just okay as was our service. Overall we enjoyed the dining experience and want to come back and try more to get the 5 star experience everyone is bragging about.WOW!  This place is amazing.  Highly recommend, one of my new favorites!!!  The fresh cooked pita is fantastic.  Try a few different items.The food was good overall. Great taste and very authentic feel. The portions are served mini tapas style so recommended to order a few items 3+ and could be shared with another person. Endless warm out of the oven pita which was a plus.So wow. Strolling on magazine, I stopped in for some chicken liver pate at pizza Domenica. Mentioned that I wanted to stop into shaya. I was told that you definitely needed a reservation, even on a weekday. I took my chances and was able to score the one last lonely table left. The place was packed, pretty and loud. 
Prior to coming, I had looked at this place but it just didn't look "special". Yeah, yeah, there's falafel, baba ghannoush, taboouleh etc. But I was wrong. All the hype was right. 
Hands down the best baba ghannoush and taboouleh I've ever had. Moroccan tea was fantastic and the milk and honey was all that. I also enjoyed the Moroccan carrots. The flavors are just spot on and so fresh and clean. The pita is hands down the star of the show. Watching them come out fresh at the pita station was a treat in itself. 
I will be back, just as so many others say. I'd love to try dinner. Or lunch again. Or dinner. Or lunch again. Wait, did I mention I want to go back?Service and the food were outstanding! I dream of eating here again and long for the Lamb hummus. This meal will not be forgotten. The awards they have received are well deserved.The shakshuka at Shaya is the best I've ever tried...eggs perfectly poached on a bed of smoky, spicy tomato based sauce with a smattering of fresh herbalicious goodness sprinkled throughout. The regular tahini hummus is of a thinner consistency than the hummus in the lamb ragu version. Regardless of what you order, the fluffy, fresh-out-of-the-oven pita bread is an unparalleled vessel with which to scoop, drench, dunk, and sandwich every dishes at this restaurant.Where do I begin?
Honestly one of the better meals I've ever eaten.
Casual, warm, and relaxing service. Clean, bright atmosphere.
Had the slow cooked lamb, which has become my favorite meal. An unexpected flavor combination, meat that melts off the bone, so savory and aromatic.
The meal slowly and masterfully unfolds with your tongue going on a journey through several countries, invigorating and inspiring creativity in the mind.
Sam our waiter was lovely. The waitstaff seemed laid back and this speaks highly of the owner. They weren't uptight or walking on eggshells.
The restaurant itself is exceptionally clean, and it's character is expressed through simple touches like their wine bottle waterglasses and bright surfaces throughout.
I can't speak highly enough. Book a table up to a month ahead. It's worth it.
Shaya!There's reason they got a James Beard, y'all. I'm of the personal opinion that Alon Shaya is a genius, and I don't think there are too many people who disagree with me. Yes, it is very difficult to get a reservation here, so I'd recommend either reserving way in advance or calling the morning of to check on cancellations - sometimes you can get a seat on the back patio this way since they don't give out those seats until they see what the weather is like for the day. You can also show up right when they open to try and get a table, or just sit at the bar, where the full menu is available.
If you do sit at the bar, you'll be closer to all the fabulous cocktails waiting to be made. The cocktail menu changes seasonally and always has winning combinations. Housemade sodas are also available for the alcohol-free crowd. So then there's the food. Many of the dishes are remarkable; some are merely very, very good. Try a bunch and see what you like best. You can't go wrong with the cauliflower hummus when it's in season. And the pita...oh man, it sure lives up to all the hype. (Yep, hype about pita. Extremely well-deserved hype.)
Takeaway: nice ambience inside and outside, friendly and helpful service, great drinks, and wonderful food. Go!This was our first time in New Orleans and we had been told that, "Shaya's is a must...you can't miss eating there..." And whoever told us that, was absolutely right!!!  The food exploded with delightful flavor; some familiar and some so uniquely wonderful, in both taste and texture, you had to ask about it.   The service was excellent, though I think we got lucky with Laura Lindsey.  The front door staff was -as well- excellent.   Thank you all for a great dining experience.
All that said, SHAYA'S IS A MUST!!Wonderful! I want to pack it up and bring it home. We enjoyed the meal, service and location. We'll be back or sure.It's losing a star because of the server with the German tattoos. I lived in Germany and noticed our waiter had a tattoo of Germany, I asked if he was born there, and oh boy was he the rudest prick face I have gotten in a while. Then I asked what city, and he responded just as rudely with eyes rolling.
If you don't want people to talk to your waiters, or try to small chat, let us know at the door.
He brought us water and filled drinks properly, did not want to engage in any kind of convo what so ever.
My wifey asked me to tip him cause it was our 1 year anniversary dinner.
Food was above average, the bread was good. I go out to eat so I can be waited on by someone nice and feel special. Not a damn jerk who is pissed about someone asking him about his tattoo all the time. I actually had a reason to ask him.This Israeli cuisine restaurant is a lovely little gem in the city. When I arrived, I was seated immediately. I am a sucker for visual aesthetics, so it this place's interior and ambience immediately won me over. There's even a cute patio outdoors for those who prefer such an experience. It's the perfect blend of sophisticated and casual. The staff must be commended for their attentiveness and friendliness as well. The wait was a little long for our entrees (approximately 40 ish minutes, but I am patient) but I must say it was well worth it. I had the lamb (must try!) and my friend had the chicken (which was equally impressive). Overall, I had an amazing first experience here. I will be back!Don't know how this won a James Bears award. It is fine Mediterranean food. Pretty limited menu. Heavy use of peppers. Maybe. It's ok for a neighborhood spot, but I would never suggest venturing from the main tourist areas. The staff at the bar and hostess stand were both very friendlymy daughter made an online reservation for two recently. It was confirmed. Then she was emailed that her reservation had been moved to 10 p.m! So either they wanted to host a larger, higher paying ticket, or someone with influence wanted in that night. Not right. You lost paying customers and anyone I can tell.I couldn't wait to eat at Shaya after all the hype.  I thought it was good, but not great.  I went with a group, and we shared a bunch of small plates, and got the lamb shank entree.  I liked the small plates, but the lamb was pretty bland, and a little dry.
For the type of small plates that we got, I honestly like 1000 Figs better.  
I don't see every going back here because of the fact that that the $36 entree was just o.k.Had heard about this on Eva Chen's Instagram story a few months ago and instantly got hooked because she posted the cauliflower hummus. Shaya was everything I expected and more! The falafel, salad, and the star cauliflower hummus were amazing. The cocktails at the bar were perfectly refreshing while we waited for our table to be ready!Ok, if you are going to brunch in New Orleans, go to Shaya. I lived in Israel for five years and came with very high expectations. I was skeptical looking at the menu because although I recognized most of the dishes, they had some changes that I thought were for the sake of looking more fancy. Let me tell you, that was not the case. We started with the  lamb ragú hummus which was my favorite dish. I have never had something like it and the pita was served warm and fluffy and delicious. Then we had the falafel sandwich which was absolutely one of the best I've had in the States. We also had the shakshuka which I enjoyed, but I wouldn't say was exceptional. For dessert we had the plum babka which was very unique, very good, but I would have settled for a traditional chocolate babka and called if a day. If we go back to New Orleans, my plan would be to skip on the shakshuka and do more of the appetizer plates. 
My only complaint was the seating. It's a popular place and they're obviously trying to fit as many tables as they can but there's honestly about a foot and a half between each table along the wall and I felt like I was in the conversation of the women next to me. 
Otherwise, this place really impressed and I hope to go back someday!I was recently lucky enough to get into Shaya without a reservation. I found the food to be amazing. The service was a little slow and the pita came to the table one at a time, so we were constantly asking for more. They can work on table seating though as several tables stayed open for the 1.5 hours that we were there with no people in the table and lots of walk ins got turned away. It was kind of expensive for lunch. I will definitely be back, though.Love everytime I can dine here. Ask for the off menu "All of our troubles" cocktail. Jessica (bartender) introduced me and I am in love. You can't go wrong here. Everything on the menu is lovely!I really hope this place stays open for a really long time! The bread is to die for. We tried once of everything from the "for the table" section. Then we ordered two types of hummus. Perfect servings for 4 people sharing. The curry cauliflower hummus is a stand-out!Literally one of the best meals we've had in NOLA! We ordered the lamb kebabs and the curried cauliflower hummus to start. Both were phenomenal!  The lamb was so tender, you didn't need a knife and both dishes were VERY flavorful. 
My husband and I shared a main course of the roasted chicken.  Also very flavorful and tender.  We were both really full once we left.  I am so excited to try this restaurant again and try the lamb entrée.   Seriously,  an awesome dining experience!
Also, the staff is really friendly and attentive.The wife and I went to dinner on a Friday night at Shaya.  We arrived a few minutes early for our 6:30 reservations.  The restaurant was quite busy as most of the tables and seats at the bar were taken and a steady flow of people coming in the door.  We were seated midway through the dining room, which gave a good view of the rest of the room to include a wood-fired oven from which fresh, hot pita bread was being prepared.
We started off with orders of baba ganoush, tabouleh, and lutenitsa (3 for $15), our choices from Shaya's extensive list of salatim.  It was joined at our table by the freshest, best tasting pita bread, I've ever had.  They were fluffy pillows of hot bread goodness, which released an aromatic steam as your tore into it.  It took serious restraint to not request more pita and just have it for dinner.  Chef Shaya was in the kitchen on the night we were there and made his rounds throughout the dining room thanking diners and asking about their meal.  He probably thought we were crazy the way we raved about his pita bread.  The three starters were delicious.  I'm a big fan of baba ganoush and Shaya's version had the nice, delicate smokiness that really made it a winner.  Next, we ordered the kibbeh nayeh ($18), the short ribs ($18), and the lamb ($36).  In each case, the meat was of excellent quality, beautifully prepared and presented, tender, and most importantly flavorful.  Shaya's lamb reminded me of the amazing lamb shoulder we had at Zahav, but it was only a passing reminder as Shaya's offering was much different yet equally delicious.  Not that we needed dessert, we split an order of the Turkish Coffee Cake ($9) with our after dinner coffees.  It was moist and possessed but wasn't overpowered by the wonderful Turkish spices.  It was a solid ending to an incredible meal!
Our expectations for Shaya were high, but fair.  Shaya easily exceeded that mark.  From the excellent service to the stellar food, our meal was a real highlight of our weekend.  Shaya is a place that I'd definitely come back to on a frequent basis if I lived in New Orleans.  Given that we don't, it'll be at the top of the list the next time we're in town.This was a lunch dining experience that me and my sister and her husband are still talking about.  The  fresh baked pita bread is SPECTACULAR and everything that goes on it and in it is so DARN DELICIOUS ! ! !  I've been telling all my friends that Shaya is the place to GO the next time they visit the city.  TRULY EXCELLENT ! ! !The food is amazing as is the service. However the hostess is off-puttingly terse. Which is kind of a turn off since that's your first impression of the place.Such an original, new restaurant in New Orleans. 
We went on a Monday night with a group of 8. While we had a reservation for 6 for a few weeks, we added on two at the last minute, and Shaya's hostess was more than accommodating. 
My bf and I had cocktails, I had the Spring Forward (decent). But because we had a large party and the whole ambiance is sharing, I would recommend bottles of wine, which we did for the rest of the dinner. 
We had SO MUCH food. The high points for me were the hummus options - we got the soft cooked eggs and lamb ragu. Store-bought hummus is now ruined for me. Their pita has now taken a coveted spot on my list of favorite breads. It was perfection.
We also did five plates from the "for the table" menu. I can't even tell you what they were. I will just say you could likely close your eyes and pick from there, and it will never be disappointing. 
We also did two small plates, the avocado toast and Kibbeh Naya. These were just good for me, but some people at the table raved about the Kibbeh Naya. 
Finally, we thought we were done, but then we saw the lamb being served at another table. Had to get it. It is incredibly tender, melts like butter off of the bone. 
Wonderful experience. Server was spot-on and incredibly knowledgeable. Ambiance is great. This place is a must try!Delicious Mediterranean food. Must try the baba ganoush and ikra (yogurt with caviar). Atmosphere is 5 star and service is attentive.This was fantastic. The service was perfect and the warm pitas, cauliflower hummus and lamb hummus were very good. You have to eat the halloumi and baba ganoush.The food was absolutely incredible. Service was great! The server was knowledgeable and kind about our dietary restrictions. Highly recommend this place!Literally some of the best food I've ever had, it was a very very thought out approach to Mediterranean cuisine that has every single flavor you could hope for balanced and thought through. The staff and environment made you feel at home and were thorough as they were kind.My sister and I went to Shaya for dinner on a Friday night upon recommendation from several locals. They suggested reservations, which we found to be a smart idea. 
Receptionist was very friendly and worked us into their busy dinner session and we didn't have to wait until our reservation time (an hour later).
Ambience inside: small room for a restaurant, quaint & feminine furnishings that function well for eating a meal, low light, loud music such that you cannot hold a conversation easily. We did not see the patio but understand they have one for dining.
This is a typical boutique restaurant common to NOLA. Limited menu, lots of fufu menu descriptions that would challenge a non-foodie to understand. Prices were reasonable, if a tad upscale. 
My starter was Baba (single instead of a trio). It was served in a small (tiny) bowl with garnishments that were tough to identify in the extremely low light (candlelight). It was typical, traditional Baba for those of us who eat it at good restaurants. Pita was a different story - homemade and glorious. Served with oil and herbs for dipping.
Sister's starter was matzoh ball soup in a base of duck broth. She said flavor was good. It looked like a well made soup to my eyes.
Drinks were excellent. I had Pearl Diver and sister had hibiscus rose Tea served in a nice French press.
We both ordered chicken tagine. A half chicken baked and served with candied slivers of orange and lemon and a lovely coucous. Serving of (half) chicken was huge. Serving of coucous and other was extremely modest. Chicken was very well flavored.
Wait staff was attentive without being cloying. They did a good job.
Things I would improve: 
1. a few more traditional menu offerings and language targeted for non-foodies. 
2. Turn the music way way down.What a Treat! The experience and food even better than the hype we had heard! The service was impeccable and friendly. The menu had such diverse choices without being weird and the food Flavors were incredible.  Our party of 8 had a fabulous time and can't wait to go back.Okay, I KNOW it takes over a month to get a reservation at Shaya, but it is SO WORTH IT. If you like to dine with just one other person (or alone perhaps), take the chance and see if they have bar seating on the night of your choice. On a wild hair, we decided to try to eat at Shaya after the Irish Channel St. Patrick's parade. I walked in and the bar was full, but two seats became available almost right away. I had a lovely glass of rose from Israel and my dining companion had a whiskey sour with egg white, which I had never seen before. We ordered the cauliflower hummus, which is incredible with their fluffy pita. We did three small plates and shared the lamb shank. Y'all. The. Lamb. Shank. It is melt-in-your-mouth perfection.  Did not expect to be a lover of lamb, but I am so glad the bartender recommended it. Speaking of bartenders, she was amazing. She was attentive and informative to the bar diners while still handling tons of drink orders. I wish I had gotten her name, but huge props to the blonde bartender! One day I will make a reservation and sit on their lovely patio, but I was happy to sneak in and get my Shaya fix at the bar!The slow cooked egg hummus, with cornichons, harissa, and red onions, is one of the best dishes of food I have had in my entire life. It is perfect.I've been wanting to try shaya for a few years but you always need a reservation. I drove by one night at around 9:30 and was starving so I stopped in and got a table immediately. The atmosphere is beautiful and the staff is attentive and kind.
We ordered a bunch of items (because most of the menu is small shareable plates) and each course was better than the last. GET THE LAMB ON THE LARGE PLATE SECTION. It was one of the best things from anywhere I've even had in my life. 
If I could rate this higher I would. Highly recommend.Wonderful part of town to walk around before or after. Quaint front entrance, beautiful layout inside. Food was great. Wine was good. I didn't get to a cocktail but the one I had an eye on, the girl next to me ordered and literally claimed it to be the best cocktail she's ever had lol The service was great with a very attentive staff. The pricing seemed relatively fair. It was also a nice respite from the heavy, meat and fried food New Orleans is famous for. Definitely a worthwhile trip to this side of town and take a couple extra minutes to walk around before or after. Bus from downtown made an easy 1.25$ each way trip.First better take a cab or Uber because parking is horrible. The drinks were not made well and I sent back. The appetizer was the best of the dinner. This was a busy evening and they seemed over booked. Service was slow. The chicken was raw and had to go back too. I'm a local so I know there are many restaurants of this type, so I won't recommend this restaurant and likely not be back anytime soon. Too much to chose from.Super interesting take on Israeli food-- definitely deserving of its James Beard award. 
Highlights were definitely the cauliflower hummus and the slow cooked lamb. The roasted and seasoned cauliflower added a super flavorful dimension as well as texture to the hummus, and the pita was warm, chewy, and extremely fluffy all at the same time. The slow cooked lamb was tender to the point where it was falling off the bone, and the seasoning, albeit a bit heavy, complemented and subdued the gamey flavors. 
The Persian rice was also quite good, although I would pass on the cabbage next time-- the flavors were interesting but a bit unsettling for me after a while.
Overall, fantastic portion sizes and very good flavors.Hype: There is a lot of hype about this place, some true, some not so true. Initially a transplanted local told us not to even bother to try to get into this spot; that is a challenge accepted! Actually a friend had been in a month before at lunch with no wait, though there was a wait - this tells me they are a place that looks over potential guests and have a hierarchy, not necessarily a bad thing if you fit what they are seeking. discriminating, not discrimination.
I made a call around 8pm and was pleased to be offered a 10:30 dinner reservation - very brief  & simple, did not have to promise my first born or any sort of stuff to get in, thus, hype 1 dashed (I'm sure there are times when this hype is real, but don't let it stop you!).
Atmosphere: I was told it would be a bright and light spot, similar to Jack's Wife Freda in NYC. It was not. It was very dark with flickering candles and muted colors throughout; very appropriate for our late nite dining time, an expected atmosphere. I can see how in day light with the large windows, the interior colors will pop, and the clean lines of the tables and chairs would present an open light atmosphere.  I look forward to returning in the day. 
The house music was listenable, but too loud, very difficult to have a conversation within the table. I love music, but the focus of dinner with friends usually does include conversation, and it seemed all the tables were vying with the next to talk louder to overcome the level of the music. Perhaps some of the problem comes from the barebones set up which may be an acoustic nightmare. This is an area that could use some attention, in my opinion.
Staff: In general the staff was neat, cordial, yet with a bit of aloofness, not off putting but definitely interesting - that thank you for being here but I'm too busy and I am too professional to engage you other than for the purpose of getting you seated and meeting your dining needs.
Wait staff was efficient, gave a nice amount of wait time for looking over the menu. There were no specials, so we didn't have to listen to a list of items thrown at us verbally for consideration - which is something I appreciated, but did wonder if they just don't have specials or had simply 86'd them since it was so late. We were offered an opportunity to ask questions about the menu before being asked for our selections, that was greatly appreciated. Though our meal was light and quick, staff was attentive to the right degree, clearing used items as needed inquiring about our satisfaction in a timely manner, and standing within range for getting their attention when needed.
Menu: One flat sheet with a few columns and sections for choices. Though that might sound limiting, it is not restrictive - I was very pleased with the array of choices in such a small offering. The listings gave a variety of choices without becoming overwhelming, in fact offering small plates and for the table items which made for a guilt free ordering with little to no food waste.
Our dinner: 
Baba Ganoush, Ikra, Watermelon to share - these items were small yet hearty servings, partnered with the MOST amazing fresh pita - be careful, it is so hot and fresh that I almost steamed my fingers when I made the first break of the crust (not a complaint). A small dipping bowl with oil and herbs was also delivered. The most remarkable was the BabaGanoush - the roasted flavor was astonishing and welcome, so flavorful!
Avocado Toast for my dining partner - Not much was said about this, and I didn't try it, but I think the lack of commentary was due to the hand to mouth action being seriously active. I call that a positive.
Matzoh Ball Soup for me - my first foray into a non-traditional broth and ingredients. This soup had a hearty Yeminite curry, flavorful and bright, with morsels of roasted beef short ribs and fresh sweet peas. Other spices and fresh herbs gave this soup some unexpected flavor levels, some which were absolutely stunning, and others which didn't transition smoothly. It was a very large bowl, delivering more than enough content to meet my late night dinner needs.
Overall: When in NOLA, don't miss this! It's a little take on my FAV NYC spot, Jack's Wife Freda, done well. When in NYC, remember Jack "hearts" you!My son has become a foodie.  He and his wife live in New Orleans and always seem to find terrific places for me to try when I visit.  He warned me that the pita here is amazing - understatement!  The menu is undeniably phenomenal.  We wanted to share some different things given the menu was like a fine painter's palette.  We had the curried cauliflower (awesome!), matzo ball soup with duck base (incredible!), Louisiana shrimp shakshouka (sauce was out of this world!!!), falafel (the best I've ever had), and the red snapper chraime had a nice kick and a basmati rice to die for.  Hint - go easy on the addictive pita or you'll fill up too fast.  Our server, Maddie, was beyond wonderful.  She could not have been more attentive/knowledgeable.  Kudos to Chef Alon on bringing this masterpiece to The Big Easy!  Well done!  I would have expected to find it in NY or Boston.  Can't wait to come back when I'm down for Jazz Fest!  Another hint... make reservations well in advance.  This place was packed mid-week!Food is spectacular!!! All my favorite restaurants tend to be Italian places, so the fact that I love this place so much says a lot. I have been here 3 times and each time it gets better. The short rib hummus is one of the best dishes I have ever had - and I am not being hyperbolic when I say that. It was so good. In fact, it was so good we went back a week later with family visiting from Florida just so they could try it. We already made reservations for more family from Florida who are visiting this summer. This is hands down one of my favorite restaurants. The pita comes out steamy and fluffy. The dishes have a lot of depth to them. You can't go wrong with whatever you order. Who knew you could find fantastic Israeli food in New Orleans...One of the best and most memorable meals I've had. Phenomenal food, great cocktails and fantastic service. Amazingly executed middle eastern dishes.  Innovative cocktails inspired by the middle eastern cuisine using original spices.I cannot say enough amazing things. Today was our first visit and boy were we excited to try this place out.  The food was so good that we definitely plan to return during our visit to Nola. Seriously amazing. 
We ordered quite a few things to share. The menu is great if you enjoy sharing a lot of small plates. They are even willing to split dishes for you (e.g. we had them split our salad). So great. 
Food: We ordered the fresh pita , eggplant, hummus with cauliflower, and the cucumber and tomato salad. Be prepared to run out of pita and order more. It is so delicious and fresh. Straight from their brick oven! And for us, it was necessary to order more since all of our plates required pita. 
Drinks: We also ordered from their craft cocktail list.  A sloe gin and champagne drink and a beet infused gin with ginger drink. Both were wonderful.
Ambiance: beautiful, clean, modern, light woods, nice lighting (that is more noticeable in the evening).
Note: book resos in advance! They are always booked and always busy. Even during non-peak hours.I got engaged here after a wonderful meal. It was heaven for a pescetarian, mostly vegetarian like me.  I love the small plates, and the avocado toast with the smoked fish is lovely. Don't skip dessert! The Babka is out of this world. Oh, and one couldn't possibly mention shaya without commenting on the pita bread. it's like eating a cloud. Have been for both lunch and dinner. The patio is nice too.The food and service is great . The lamb and cauliflower hummus is great also lamb shank is to die for and for desert milk and honey is the best . Been eating there for years.I've had an amazing amount of Middle Eastern food, both home made and restaurant.
I have never had anything as tasty as the food at Shaya.With all the great reviews and accolades Shaya has received, it almost feels blasphemous to only give it three stars, but I have to rate upon my own experience, not that of everyone else. Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted by one very friendly hostess and one not so friendly, but that didn't negatively affect our experience. Our server was very nice and helpful in explaining dishes, and he was very attentive to our needs without hovering. 
We started with the 3 for $15 "For the Table" items including baba ganoush, labneh and roasted okra. Baba ganoush is one of my favorite things on this planet, but this was just okay. It had a very smoky taste and was slightly chunky. I prefer a smoother, milder taste. The one piece of okra I ate was inedible, and I had to politely remove it from my mouth to my napkin. It tasted like it was all husk, and I physically could not chew it. I've prepared okra a lot at home and have never had this problem, so I'm not sure what was going on with the piece I had, but my friend said the other pieces were edible. Now onto the positive - the labneh was among the best I've ever had, as was the pita bread served with these items. The pita bread was very large and thick and was also served with olive oil seasoned with za'atar - one of my favorite seasonings.
I want to end on a high note, so I'll address the other disappointment of the meal, and that was the Persian rice. I could eat rice every day and love it in all forms, so this one really appealed to me. It was crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside, but all I could taste was butter. The mustard greens served on top of it were so salty I could only eat a couple bites. I love butter, and I love salt but in moderation... and those are words I never thought I'd have to say.
I highly recommend the falafel, as it was fresh and perfect. My favorite part of the meal was the acorn squash stuffed with mushrooms and couscous. I could have eaten twelve of these. The squash was tender, and the filling was seasoned perfectly and really complemented the squash. That definitely goes into one of my favorite entrees ever file!
Although I didn't love a few menu items, it was overall a good experience and I'd visit again the next time I'm in the area in order to try some different dishes.It is just sooo good! We booked a dinner reservation well in advance for 6 people, though if dining with 1 or 2, many seem to have good luck by walking-in (but get a reservation if you have time!).  The table was ready we when arrived. Atmosphere was more casual than I was expecting but most folks were dressed nicely. The pita is amazing! Made fresh, hot, and delicious.  If I had one complaint, it would be my own ability to pace myself.. By the final course, we were almost too full to eat a bite.  Here is how it went down:
For the table 5 - $23, baba ganoush (so good! smokey and fresh), labneh yogurt (my favorite!), asparagus (delicious but small), tabouleh (not worth it..), lutenisca (roasted pepper purree - delicious!).  If looking for a light option for 2 people, I would definitely come back, order the sampler and a bottle of wine and enjoy.  Small servings but with the pita it spreads a long way.  This is where my pacing went wrong!!
Curried cauliflower hummus - $12 delicious. excellent quality but small portion.
Falafel w/ cucucumber and tzatziki - $12 awesome tzatziki. We ordered an extra side as well and I would consider asking for it as part of the 'for the table'.
Lamb kebab - $16 would not order it again, small, not memorable.
Matzo ball soup - $11 good portion of duck and flavorful broth.
Slow cooked lamb - $36 I am not a lamb fan (I grew up on a farm, don't ask...) but my friends were.  Portion was huge, moist and beautifully served. I heard all good things..
Shakshouka - $16 really good, served in cast iron pot, lots of flavorful bites.  Love the egg.  Would definitely order it again.Shaya was over rated in my opinion.  Excellent pita bread and excellent cocktail.  Everything else was good, not great.  This included an appetizer, small plate, large plate, dessert, coffee and wine.  I think the best thing I had was the cocktail.  Service also good, not great.  Ambiance .... well, there isn't much, but it is certainly noisy.  Did not live up to the hype.Still thinking about the carrots of all things. THE CARROTS! Our group ordered a bunch of the small plates to share and they were all fantastic. I don't know how they make simple ingredients taste so unfamiliar and extraordinary. And the pita bread, just wow. 
They're probably booked for reservations when you want to go but I encourage everyone to just show up and hope a table outside opens up (they don't reserve those). We're 2/2 with no wait and no reservation.Get the hummus! It was truly unique and masterfully crafted. Further, our service was delightful. A completely innocent mistake in the order of appetizers turned into a complimentary beer and app. All around classy and unique.My daughter put it perfectly... she said I feel like we went a food spa mom, I am so relaxed and content and happy! Best meal I have ever eaten and great service. They even had a card on the table when we arrived because I had mentioned in the reservation it was my daughters fifteenth birthday. I will be back many times! Do not miss this place!! We were in town from Alabama Gulf Coast and would get room for r night just to return for another meal!Authentic as authentic gets as far as Middle-eastern food. This place got all the details covered. 
Service, amazing. The server explained everything we needed to know about the food. 
Good is just as mom used to make it 
Growing up. Full of flavor.
The atmosphere is vibrant and amazing. 
Must go if you can get in. Book early!I was told this was the place to check out during my visit by many friends. Even the Uber driver was raving about it on the drive over! Everything was delicious, especially the ikra and the cauliflower hummus.
We made a reservation and were seated just before it, but the hostess brought us to the backyard without asking our preference. It was in the 50s that night! Even with heat lamps, that surprised me. We stuck it out because our waitress was really fantastic. The cocktails warmed us up a bit, anyways!This is quite a departure for New Orleans!  The food, overall, was creative and excellent. The varierty of tastes and flavors was broad.  We started with several appetizer dishes and they were a meal in themselves.  All of it was well prepared and served with a fired pita bread.  Salads were exceptional and dressed just right.  We had lamb and salmon for the main course with a roasted cauliflower and it really hit the mark.  The salmon was the only somewhat ordinary dish.  Deserts were intriguing, refreshing, unusual and delicious.  Not heavy. You eat  family style with large plates of food and that makes it even more fun, and affords the ability to sample more dishes.  If you want something off the red beans and rice trail then this is a place to try. We ate here in the restaurants previous incarnation and not much of the hip interior has changed.Delicious and I can't wait to go back. I went with a large group, which was great because we ordered a ton of small plates to give us a good sampling of what Shaya has to offer. The hummus is great. It's not creamy, it's fluffy! The pita and oil they bring out to the tables is extremely good. We tore it up. The highlights for me were the babaganoush and their specialty cocktail called the Negev. The babaganoush is hands down the absolute best I have ever eaten in my life. It's perfectly smoky and creamy. The Negev is a tequila and pomegranate drink (with other stuff I can't remember). The rim of the glass is lightly coated in sugar and baharat, which is an Israeli spice mix. mmmmmm babaganoush....There is a reason Shaya was awarded best new restaurant in America--their food, ambiance, and service! It is hard to say what my favorite dish would be because I enjoyed everything. We ordered a number of small dishes, so we could taste as much as possible. The pita was fresh from that day and warm. I loved the asparagus, brussel sprouts, soft egg hummus, well... just everything. Reservations are made months ahead, but you might get lucky with a seat at the bar like us. Shaya is a must stop for your next NOLA meal!Dear God, this place is good! Despite the departure of Alon Shaya, the food was some of the best I have ever had. 
 Getting a reservation seems more of a hassle than the tables occupied would reflect but the food is so very very good that I did not mind our 4:30 dinner at all. I would return to NOLA just to eat here again and will on my next visit go to Saba.I went last weekend and it was so good I want to go back this weekend to try all the other things. Lebna was delicious, matzoh ball soup is on point, and the service is friendly. Their pita bread is the best.
If you're unfamiliar with Israeli food, I'd recommend asking the server to help you figure out what you'd like. Additionally, it's really fun to just order a bunch of small plates and share, tapas style, and the menu lends itself to that.No wonder this place was a James Beard Award winner! Had this on my list when I visited this past weekend with my girlfriends.  After a day of shopping on Magazine and a couple of days in the Quarter, we decided to go to Shaya last minute.  Tho, we didnt' have reservations, everyone was nice and were to sit at the bar. The Bartender was very helpful in giving suggestions.  And we had the most delicious meal!  We had the Lamb Ragu hummas, SHAKSHOUKA, and the moroccan mint tea.  Definitely going to this place again and this time have reservations!Everything on the menu seems great, but be sure to order the Kibbeh Nayah and the Short Rib Tagine.Oh wow! I don't even know how to compare this place to anything! It's so different from your regular Mediterranean fare. We had a sampling of nearly everything on the menu and I have not a single complaint. You honestly can't go wrong. A friend of mine studied in Israel and was accustomed to the food there said it is just like eating in Israel. Mr. Shaya, congrats! Well deserved #1 restaurant  in America per esquire magazine! Be sure to make reservations!We had eaten dinner at la petite grocery the night before and wandered across the street to peruse the Shaya menu as we were going there the next day for lunch. My wife looked at the menu and said there was nothing at all that interested her. I frankly wasn't too keen on it myself. I was determined to give it a try based on all the great reviews and we are both very glad we did. We had 3 starters, 1 hummus, and one wood fired cabbage. All were delicious. There was nothing about the food at Shaya that has anything to do with " New Orleans cuisine" but it is tasty.Shaya is a fantastic restaurant. Everything is excellent. The tahini hummus is some of the best I've had. The homemade bread is extraordinary. The shakshuka is tremendous. Even the complimentary spiced olive oil is perfect. Don't miss Shaya.Bold flavors!  No dish was a miss. Get the hummus with cauliflower, the Brussel sprouts, the carrots, lamb kebabs and grilled chicken salad. The owner graciously greeted our party. Young guy whose restaurant should win best new restaurant James Beard award.Wow I've never had such an insulting experience at a restaurant.  Started with the hostess looking us up and down and rudely asking if we had a reservation, really at 5 and the place is empty? We proceed to sit at the bar and waited to be served.  We asked if we could be sat outside only to be ignored.  We proceeded to order a glass of wine and was planning on ordering food only to be handed the bill instead of the menu.  Would think that after the scandal, you would not judge anyone that walked in the door.Everything, and I do mean everything, was amazing.  The service was exceptional. Every single bite was the most delicious, best tasting, melt in your mouth bite. From the hummus (we tried 2) to the baba ganoush, the pita bread served hot, some kind of amazing cheese and yams invention...everything was superb.Best meal on my recent trip to New Orleans, you may not necessarily think Mediterranean when you think NOLA but you should. You won't be disappointed. Every single bite I had was better than the next, and the wines were very impressive. Ikra is a must!The watermelon mint drink was much needed for this hot NOLA afternoon. They have their own brick oven, by ordering the sandwich with slaw, I got to try the hummus and veggies in the sandwich, the falafel and the made in-house pita .  Best of all worlds before tip, under $20!We were in New Orleans in April 2017 for our 20th anniversary. We are vegetarians and Shaya seemed like a good place to go for vegetarians in New Orleans. I saw occasional complaints on Yelp about servers but thought those were picky people complaining. 
We made reservations, dressed up and went there for an early dinner. the hostess seated us. It was a lot more casual than we thought but it was ok. The surroundings were modern. We liked it.
Then our server showed up asking for our drink orders. We asked for still water. She wasn't happy that we didn't order an alcoholic beverage at that time. She brought sparkling water. When I told her that's not what we ordered, she told us that my wife had said sparkling. That wasn't the case. She wasn't happy and went back to get us water. When she brought water, we ordered wine. When she brought wine, we asked her a couple of questions about the menu, she answered in a rude manner. I told her we needed a few minutes. At this time, my wife was getting pretty upset. I called the server and asked her if we had offended her or were rude to her. She said no and left. After a minute I asked another server to have her bring our checks.
The manager lady came to talk to us. She was very nice. She tried to convince us to stay but we told her we couldn't stay anymore. She told us we didn't owe anything and she was sorry about the server's behavior. We went out and sat on the bench in from of the restaurant to plan. The manager put our wines in plastic cups and brought them to us outside, again apologized, and gave the district manager's card, which I lost while trying to plan what to do. 
We tried to forget this experience and that's why it took me almost a year to write about it.
The manager gets five stars for her response. Because of the server who served us and ruined our anniversary, Shaya gets one. Hopefully, she's gone by now,I loved this restuarant.  We got an assortment of dishes and shared them with the whole table. We did the pick 5 for $23. Plus a couple of orders of avacodo toast, my daughters favorite.  Everything was delcious and because of the pick 5,  I tried some dishes I would probably never have tried on my own.  The decor was simple and serene and made for a relaxing day with my girls.  I would defintely eat here again.Father's Day dinner at 2:30.  Party of 7.25 (the baby is small).  So delicious and refreshing.  Darren, our waiter, did an excellent job of making sure we were well taken care of by recommending great wine, cocktails, and bringing us an array of items from the menu.  If you are not sure what to order, I recommend you let them select for you!  The choices were fantastic.  I love this restaurant and will go back.    Friendly, beautiful, and delicious.  The perfect combination.this has been my favorite meal so far for 2016. the perfect pita puffs the you see workers making by hand and throwing into the woodfire oven (they come to your table warm and they refill you as much as you want, our waitress even boxed one up for us!) to the attention paid to every dish that came out. our waitress was a dear but a little flighty...we had to ask numerous times for things like water or utensils but she was so happy go lucky, i really can't count that in this review. i see why they won the james beard award for best new restaurant. if you know you'll be in the area, make your reservation now.I stopped in while on a recent trip to New Orleans.  This was easily the best Israeli food I've tried!  We got the three small apps to start- ramps with feta, baba ganoush, and roasted asparagus with tahini.  Each was killer- tons of flavor and really well balanced.  I only wished there had been more of it.  They also paired so well with the fluffy, fresh-baked pita that came to each table.
My friend and I then shared a smaller plate of roasted cabbage and a chicken entree.  the cabbage was buttery and super tender and lightly charred on the outside.  It came with a beautiful bright red, just-spicy-enough, large dollop of muhammara, and a light bed of greens with nuts and tahini sauce.  Soooooo good.  This was my favorite.  
The chicken was tender and light, and also very big on flavor.  
The service was solid- our server offered recommendations, and though he was not the most chatty or friendly, he was attentive.  I also noticed the host (owner maybe?) making rounds through the restaurant, and chatting with diners.  If the quality of the meal weren't already enough to tell, it was clear the owners here have a passion for great food and dining.
I will definitely be back on my next trip through NOLA!Beautiful food - managed to get a same day reservation for two one day when the back patio was open!
Service was great - tons of fresh pita straight from the oven! I ordered a beer and it was poured PERFECTLY
We ordered Brussels sprouts, curried cauliflower hummus, veggie pickles, and a red pepper spread to share, and I ordered some wood fire grilled cabbage - it was all really tasty!The best Matzo ball soup in my life. I have never tasted a richer, better stock in maybe any soup of any kind ever ever ever. The stock has layers on top of layers of just the right flavors. Nothing fancy about perfection, just talent, hard work and about 3 days of simmering the best ingredients. 
Avocado toast with red peppercorns, thin sliced radish and flaky, perfect whitefish all on a honking thick slice of pumpernickel toast. You might think whitefish on Avocado toast would taste like a big mistake (I did), but guess what; its freakin amazingly out of control delicious. Make sure to order this gem!
What else? Their falafel is perfect, crunchy outside, fluffy inside and brimming with flavor, their pita bread is a religious experience and comes to the table straight from the over and exploding with steamy perfect goodness. Do eat as much pita as they will give you!!!!!
Chicken Schitzel was highly recommended, but actually a little too bready  to be transcendent (either less battering or lighter bread)... but the homemade pickles on the sandwich were great. Skip the schnitzel. 
But do get the Shashouka. It was unreal.
Also, the service is 100% perfect and the vibe is terrific.
Also great cocktails. 
Do not miss this place!Come for the pita, and stay for all the amazing spreads to dip it into.  This was one of our favorite meals in New Orleans. I love Mediterranean food, and Shaya's style of small plates and 'for the table' dishes lend itself to sharing and trying new things; both of which I love.
As for the food, everything we tried was delicious, with a few stand-out highlights: roasted cauliflower hummus with carmalized onions was so amazing we needed two orders, as we did also with the tender, flavorful lamb kabobs. The ikra with caviar was creamy smooth and tasty, and I also really loved the small dish of lutenitsa-a Bulgarian puree of roasted peppers, eggplant, garlic and tomato. One of the things I adored about all the food we sampled was that nothing was overpowered by garlic, which I find to be a common mistake in many Middle Eastern style restaurants. 
The restaurant itself has a clean, uncluttered feel, with comfortable chairs, and beautiful granite tabletops. There is a small bar along one side-not sure if that's used as a bar, or just additional dining seating.  There is also a lovely patio out back with more seating.  They have five or so unique cocktail recommendations, but truth be told I was so distracted by the food that I didn't pay much attention to my beverage. 
Make sure you check out the amazing bread oven, as the pita bread is one of the stars of the show here. We were told the oven is operated at a 700-800 degree temperature, which must be one of the secrets behind that fluffy incredible pita bread. 
Make your reservations now, because if you miss this place during your visit to NOLA, you'll be missing out.Beautiful assortment of fresh food. This place will not disappoint! Happy with everything we ordered and a unique wine list. Try! Try! Try this place!Go for the bread. Stay for the rest of the food. Budget some time though, this is a place you want to relax and order an endless of array of small plates. Get the Milk and Honey cheesecake. Oh and get the avocado toast too!Amazing dinner. Worthy of all the accolades. Cuisine was middle eastern fusion, with a bit of creole flair. Had the lamb shank, baba ghanoush, roasted cabbage. But the star of the show was hummus with Chanterelle mushrooms and brown butter. As hardcore foodie; I can say this place has earned it James Beard award.AMAZING! A must visit while in Nola. We had some cocktails, hummus w tahini, cabbage dish, asparagus,  watermelon & eggplant. Everything was excellent. The freshly made pita was delish w everything. Great service & light filled restaurant.A friend who visits New Orleans regularly to see her daughter at Tulane told me that Shaya HAD to be on our list of restaurants to experience for our girls trip to NOLA. Shaya did not disappoint for a late Friday lunch. Starting with delicious cocktails, we made our way through the menu and sampled almost everything. The avocado toast with whitefish was perfect - crunchy, homemade bread touched with what tasted like a light glaze of butter/olive oil, topped with gently mashed avocados, light onions, and shaved radishes and very light whitefish. The curried cauliflower hummus is a must! The carrots, the baba ganoush, the yogurt, everything was a hit. And the pita/Brad is truly out of this world. And you must absolutely try the chocolate babka for dessert. We had 4 happy, very satisfied and stuffed foodies by the end of our meal.THE FIRST THING WE NOTICED WAS THE PLACE WAS EXTREMELY LOUD.  WE COULD BARELY HEAR EACH OTHER ACROSS THE TABLE AT FIRST.  
Getting past that, it was a really outstanding meal.  The hummus is really as good as advertised--while I like hummus, it generally is one-dimensional.  Theirs is chock full of good stuff, with lots of flavors coming out and the fresh pitas are supple and tasty, but don't call attention to themselves, so you can really enjoy the flavor of the hummus.  We enjoyed the babaganoush and labneh that came with it as well.  
For main dishes I had some kind of salad that I can't remember the name of, but my companion had the haloumi, which was something I hadn't tasted before and was really outstanding.  The preparation was great; it was flavorful and just the right amount of crispy.  
We've got a new favorite in town.Well for such great reviews I was a bit miffed.   The various hummus spreads were a joke and just there to enhance the bottom line.  We ordered a lot of "recommend"  appetizers and mains.   Good Lord they were all bland and lack of creativity.  If you like that then this is your place.  You might get sern too if you are lucky.  I'd pass and head elsewhere.This is a great restaurant.  Excellent food - excellent service - great atmosphere  and great attitude by the staff. The diner is presented with a right setting in a wait person was very friendly and helpful with the menu.  As far as the menu goes every dish was well delicious flavors and wonderful presentation. If you're in the Garden District check this out!Sunday at 6pm, no reservation.  Had the option to sit at the bar or sit outside. Sat at the bar.  Needed reservations if we had wanted a real table.
Hummus - 5 stars
Pita - 5+ stars 
I could have just eaten these two and dessert and been happy
Lamb Entree - 4 stars , pricey, but pretty good
Grape Leaves - 4 stars, ok, but not amazing
Matza Ball Soup - 4+ stars, pretty dang good, but not as amazing as some of the other reviews make it sound
Milk & Honey - 5+ stars, best dessert I've had in months and I've been on the King Cake diet.  
Service - we sat at the bar so there were no issues
Drinks - wish they had a list of their liquors rather than making you look at the bar and figure out what you wanted.  Didn't drink wine but the menu looks well established.
They kept the feel of the prior tenant, but are going a bit more casual with the same non-casual prices.  This is definitely a $$$ place, not a $$ place.
Will be back again.Four of us were seated for dinner, we went the small-plate route and ordered nearly everything on the menu. Crazy delicious and fun menu.Second visit to Shaya; everything about this place is authentic. Service is great. Food is just like it is prepared by Mom back in the Middle East. Wine is terrific also and the atmosphere is just inviting.I was prepared not to care for Shaya -- the hype, the reservation, John Besh and Alon Shaya involved in a dispute in which Shaya lost the rights to his own name, Besh and sexual harassment, you name it.
But I was blown away. 
Here's the deal: Shaya is on cool Magazine Street, far away from the frat party scene in the French Quarter. 
The decor is cool.  Open. Clean. Plenty of light. White table cloths.  Unlike any mom and pop falafel + shwarma place you're ever eaten at.
Then Shaya has taken the mom and pop recipes -- falafel, babaganoush, tabouleh, etc. -- deconstructed and reinvented them.  They are lighter, the taste more flavorful and more subtle, and just plain terrific.
The hummus with stewed bits of lamb in the middle was a revelation.  Ubiquitous, reliable hummus is transformed into a gourmet dish. We followed that with three small salad plates ("salatim"): pickled veggies, lutenitsa, and brussel sprouts.  Wow!
Then two entrees:  lamb kofte on a bed of white beans and haloumi (butternut squash and fennel).
Truth be told it was too much food.  We could have done with one less entrée.
The group at the next table got the largest, most attractive sandwiches I've seen a long time. Two could easily split one sandwich.
Finally a restaurant that lives up to the hype and then some.
Tips: 1. go for lunch. 2. If you're willing to walk for two minutes, there's plenty of free parking on the streets perpendicular to Magazine St.Let me start off by saying the curried cauliflower hummus and fresh baked pita were phenomenal! Other dishes were meh. Watermelon dish was okay. Pickles were okay. If old books had a taste, that's exactly what the pickled cauliflower would taste like. We ordered the steak, medium rare. Waited one hour for our steak to come out - cold, chewy and not very tasty. Super disappointed! Although, the potatoes that came with the dish made it a bit better. I had high hopes for this restaurant, so sad to be let down.If I get the chance - and unless I have an unambiguously terrible experience - I try to visit a place at least twice before I review it. With Shaya, we had dinner last week, and a couple of months after it opened earlier this year. Both times we had wonderful food. 
Over the two trips, we had the avocado toast, the baba ganoush, hummus, lamb, red snapper chraime, and shrimp shakshouka. All were delicious, and some - the hummus, the snapper, and the baba ganoush - were really extraordinary. And the pita is perfect.
Service is good, the ambiance is very pleasant, and the prices are great. The only somewhat-negative note I have, and one that doesn't merit a star reduction because it's really just part of the cuisine, is the saltiness of, really, every single thing. And this is something from a reviewer who loves salty food and liberally salts most any savory dish: really, truly, the salt levels are in the stratosphere, the territory of waking up the next day swelled up like a penguin. So this is mostly a caution if you're on a low-sodium diet; otherwise, eat up and stop at the drug store for a diuretic on the way home.I last visited this restaurant when I was in town in March (almost 7 months ago) and I'm STILL salivating just thinking about it.  :-)  Everything was delicious...I definitely recommend ordering plates to share.  The hummus and pita are incredible, so be sure to get enough of that!  The atmosphere is delightful, and the service is solid.  I cannot wait to go back!This restaurant was amazing. I read about it and there were great reviews. It did more than just reach the expectations. My favorite parts were the pita bread, the cauliflower hummus, and the lamb kabob. They brought out the pita bread often. When it came out it was warm and delicious. When I dipped the pita bread into the cauliflower hummus I couldn't stop. Finally, the lamb kabob was to die for. I would definitely come back!The two women at the front desk were more interested in adjusting the length of their hems and their tops to serving me. They also had no idea about my reservation even though I had received email confirmation. After several minutes one of the women took me to a table of four seats and said "this is the only table we have, and we'd rather you sat at the bar, that would make things easier for us." Next up: the food. This isn't Israeli food, it's not Turkish, it's not mediterranean. It's just oily and common. Only good thing to say is the excellent bread they bring out at the beginning.Every time I visit Shaya I feel as though it is better than the last visit. When my partner informed me Esquire named Shaya best new restaurant my response was we need to visit again before it gets out of control busy. The lamb ragu with crisp chickpeas and the fresh hot pita is my favorite thing on the menu. I tasted a bit of my partners duck matzo ball soup which was absolutely delicious. Falafel was cooked to perfection and did not have an overly garlic taste. The kibbeh nayah is one of the best tartares I have ever experienced. After tasting many dishes on the menu, there is really no wrong choice. If you can't get a reservation, call the day you would like to dine and you can make a reservation for the outdoor space.Not much can be said regarding how fantastic this Israeli/Mediterranean restaurant is that hasn't been said in the other reviews. The food quality, flavor, ambience, service, etc is all top notch. 
What I will add however is how reasonably priced we found everything to be compared to many other upscale spots in New Orleans. The value at Shaya is great.
Oh; Book your reservations well in advance! You may also grab a spot for two at the bar if it's not super busy.We had a fabulous lunch here today. Everything was amazing! Delaney our server was very nice and very helpful with all our questions  would highly recommend making the trip (be sure to make a reservation!!)No words! Great ambiance, nice servers, unreal food! The hummus is the best I've ever had, don't miss the lamb kebab, and the milk and honey dessert was so good, creamy and just perfect.Superb food. I visited here several times, the chef never disappointed me. I like the ambiance in the restaurant. Service is awesome.Shaya definitely lived up to our expectations. Always impressed with what Alon did at Domenica. Shaya was more like eating at family's house. I think we ate everything on the menu. Croatian wine was first. Can't wait to go back.Amazing salatim and hummus--the watermelon feta salad, ikra and babaganoush were standouts served with warm, fluffy pita.  The haloumi appetizer was a huge disappointment, deep fried and more like a salty mozzarella stick. Really wonderful diversion from typical NoLa food. Definitely worth the trip.THE softest pita bread I've had in my life! In fact, I think Shaya ruined me for all other pita bread...every time I have had pita since, I compare it to Shaya's and nothing lives up to it. 
As a vegetarian, there were TONS of options on the menu and I really appreciate that. Of course I had to try the falafel and hummus, both of which were excellent but I felt the falafel was really the stand out. It was dense but not dry, bright green inside but didn't taste overly of parsley, and the outside was perfectly crunchy without being greasy. YUM! Pickled veggies vary every night, I can't remember exactly what our selection was but they were all quite enjoyable.
The place itself has a great atmosphere, although I didn't realize how dressed up people would be. (I didn't see a lot of 'dressing up' in NoLa, so it didn't cross my mind to think we would need to for this cool local spot) The place was pretty busy for a Monday night, which was the reason we were told we were seated outside but I did kind of notice that the 'dressier' people were seated inside and us more casual folk were seated outside. 
I felt the service from everyone BUT our server was very attentive. Lots of people came by to the table to bring us food, drinks, check in on us, etc. but our server seemed to be having a bad day. That's ok, because everyone else made up for it! 
This meal was definitely in my top 3 of this trip.Omg so amazing and delicious. I am vegetarian and I ordered bunch of small dishes and hummus
 and if u eat eggs their shakshouka is the best I have ever had. 
Def make resos as it gets full even on a Monday night.Fancy, friendly, and fresh! After a long day touring New Orleans, a short stroll down Magazine street can help you wind down. As a solo diner, I was able to take a seat at the bar which could sit about 6 people. Indoor and backside outdoor seating available. 
Everything about this place was great. Fresh pitas hitting the fire in the open kitchen area oven, bright ambiance, and cuisine appropriate drinks. 
I ordered the pickles and a curried cauliflower hummus from the menu, which came with a pita. I couldn't say much great about the pickles other than they went well with beer. The hummus though...wow! Couldn't ask for a better meal, picture attached. 
Other minor complaint. If you offer water other than tap, Great, But at least have the courtesy to let your patrons know it is at an additional cost.My wife and I LOVED our meal and experience at Shaya the menu allows you to taste and experience many different items and flavors. Oh and fresh made pita bread baked right in the dining room that they keep bringing to you throughout your meal....and the price point is not expensive at allExcellent food and prices. Delicious baba ganoush. Pitas are hard and fresh out of oven. Service is good as well.Wow! So great to have a meal that meets all of the hype. Took my Tulane U student and a friend here for Sunday lunch, and I come from NYC, where fantastic Israeli + Mediterranean food abound. First, they give you a plate with two pita baked fresh in the wood-fired oven at the back of the restaurant -- the pita equivalent of the brick pizza oven. The pita bursts open and release a whoosh of hot air and the scent of freshly charred dough, chewy and flavorful and light. We ordered two small plates--the traditional shakshouka + the lamb kebab. The shakshouka was bright and flavorful and contained grilled onions and peppers and two perfectly cooked eggs. The lamb kebab was meaty and scented with spices and cooked perfectly. We had two hummus plates--the traditional hummus and the lamb ragu humus--humus punctuated with bits of lamb cooked in red sauce. Both were amazing. We have five of the sharing plates--baba ganoush, labneh, tabouleh, lutenitsa and brussel sprouts. They were all fantastic but the toubouleh was a mircale and unlike any toubouleh I have had anywhere before. We shared one desert, the malabi, a traditional Israeli dessert I never had before and it was utterly divine. The wait staff is professional and helpful; the very young and friendly greeting staff make you feel warmly welcome. A perfect dining experience and I look forward to coming back and trying every single item on the menu.Easy to see why Shaya is a James Beard award winning restaurant. Service was top notch and the food was even better. 
Wood roasted brussel sprouts: Amazing
Curried fried cauliflower hummus: Amazing 
Wife ordered the salmon for entree and I had the chicken tangine. Both excellent!
Just when I thought it couldn't possibly get any better we finished the meal off with the milk and honey cheesecake. 
Highly recommend Shaya to anybody!A 4.5...zahav is better but this place is great...and a grest lunch value
Pita? 5
Hummus? 5 ... especially the lamb
Falafel? 5
Lutenitsa? Awesome
Service is excellent.  Decor is ok and the seats arent comfortable
A great perfect birthday lunch even if it wasnt roy rogersWell hot damn. It's hard to find food in NOLA for a visiting vegetarian friend, but this is one of the best meals I've eaten in forever. Hands down. 
I think what makes Shaya special is their ability to make simply preparations special. It's hard to make something as simple as hummus taste extraordinary, but they do. I can't fathom how they get it so smooth and fine. The variations are several, we tried the curried cauliflower (nice) and the poached egg with cornichons and pickled red onions (fabulous). All of this is accompanied by the best pita I've ever eaten, made fresh just a few minutes before in their beautifully turquoise tiled clay oven. Fabulous and amazing.
We had several other things including very delicious smoky baba ganouj and a Bulgarian red pepper puree called Lutenitsa which were both lovely.
Finally, dessert (we were stuffed so we shared one) was an amazing melon sorbet. This could easily have been a throwaway dessert but it was full of flavor and resting on some delicious plum and peach slices. Truly outstanding way to finish a meal on a lovely warm night.
The space is attractive, the service is very attentive without being too much, and the outside seating area is very comfortable and relatively quiet. All in all, fantastic.
Be warned, though, get a reservation two weeks out unless you want to eat very early or very late (after 9).Greatest food u can get in NOLA. Totally beyond expectation. Will come back and try everything on the menu!!I visited New Orleans from San Francisco where we eat really, really well. I was excited to give the NOLA restaurants a try and thought a James Beard award winner was a no brainer. I was right, obviously.
Interior - beautiful, surprisingly casual, and bright. The bathroom was gorgeous and the ambiance was wonderful. 
Service - Our server was Delaney and she was charming and hella sweet. She was super patient with us and let us take our time with the menu. 
Food - WOW. We went for lunch and (sadly) had to eat a bit on the light side. The portions were small and perfect in my opinion. Just ask your server about portion sizes, I found that helpful. Also... the prices?! WTH? So reasonable! 
PITA BREAD - you guys, this pita bread is fresh and amazing and you get lots and lots of it!
BABA GANOUSH - smokey AF, potent and creamy. Excellent. 
MOROCCAN CARROTS - It sounds too simple, but this one of my favorites. The mint was super bright and the dish was well balanced. 
WOOD ROASTED BRUSSELS SPROUTS - this was delicious, there's no doubt, but I wish we had gotten something else. Next time it's the lutenista or the lebneh. 
KING TRUMPET MUSHROOMS - can this also be my favorite? We opted for the seasonal hummus dish. Black harissa and fried chicken skins ya'll. The braised greens were luscious. Can greens be luscious? These were. The hummus was obviously the best I've ever had. All other hummus is ruined for me forever.
MATZO BALL SOUP - ORDER THIS. This was my favorite. I felt like I was eating some poetic food manifestation of Alon Shaya's soul. I'm not weird. That broth tho! Oh my god. It's such a simple dish, but the amount of flavor in that broth, the dill that brightens it, the mazo ball's gentle texture and flavor... It was beautiful and comforting. 
Desert - Here's the thing. I was so full (I ruined everything my having a big breakfast earlier that day) that I could't eat dessert which honestly was 99% of the reason I wanted to go. 
I think I shed a single, solitary tear for that well imagined dessert menu that's ahead of it's time. I didn't eat any of it (I'm not crying, you're crying) but I can only imagine how perfect every single dessert is. Also... omg halva cappuccino?! Sigh.... I'll see you again soon Shaya.I feel lucky that I had a chance to eat this wonderful food while visiting New Orleans. We ate all vegetarian, and everything was perfectly seasoned, loaded with flavor, and delicious. The curried cauliflower and hummus was my favorite, and the hot, fresh pita made it even better. The roasted cabbage was spectacular,  as was the baba ghanoush. The service was fantastic.  Megan was a knowledgeable server who helped us decide what to order. I'd love to see one of these open near me in Maryland.Blows me away every time. Everything is just so darn fantastic from the drinks to the mezze plates to the fluffy, piping hot, almost creamy(!??) pita bread that's served fresh out of their wood fired oven. Bless you, Shaya!!!!!!Who knew that after decades of eating Levantine food all over the world (although, admittedly, never in the Levant), it could all be made new for me? Yet that is what Shaya has done: totally made me rethink just how delicious pita bread and a variety of (ten plus four different hummus versions) can be. the answer is mind blowingly delicious! Occupying the chic space that last housed the most recent iteration of Domenique's, this is not your typical low to mid-priced, formica swathed "Lebanese"
 cafe. Instead, a chic, modern and bright environment that manages to span the casual and elegant the way most new hip restaurants wished they could. 
      On our two visits, we have received very friendly and usually efficient service and food that never failed to amaze and haunt my dreams until the next foray. Thus far, I have tried every "for the table" dip and like all, love most and adore a few (I'm talking to you labna, roasted beets and lutenitsa!). The hummus with curried cauliflower is the best hummus I have ever tasted; creamy yet also firm, rich yet not leaden, flavorful but also not overpowering. The true star of the restaurant is free: the house made pita will make you rethink what pita is. Hot, fluffy, with a toothesome resistance but never tough and just crazy delicious! Dip it into the za'atar spiced olive oil that comes to the table and you have already had the best bite of Middle Eastern food in the city, and it only gets better from there. Every one of the aforementioned dips ascends to new heights on the pillowy wings of this magical bread.
      My lovely wife Paige tried the chicken schnitzel sandwich (she is one of the leading authorities on all things fried chicken, so you best rcognize) and pronounced it a perfect sandwich on its gorgeous sesame seed challah roll & my falafel sandwich was as good as it gets (and the fries are pretty awesome).
      As far as desserts go, we have only tried the vanilla malabi, which lives in the space between panna cotta and the custard component of creme brulee and is 100% delicious, nicely set off by strawberries and pistachios.
      Paige & our pals have enjoyed every cocktail they have tried, though perhaps the best beverage to complete the sunny Mediterranian vibe is a crisp sparkling rose', a few available by the glass. I can't recommend Shaya enough, so go get your pita on!The best Mediterranean food I've ever had. Went here for lunch and got a seat on the beautiful patio. The hummus is some of the best you'll ever eat. The falafel sandwich is fantastic as well as the chicken sandwich. A bit pricey but you definitely get what you pay for in terms of quality. Looking forward to my next visit.4.5 stars. John Besh killing it again with another amazing restaurant. We had the baba ghanoush, the paddlefish caviar and labneh for apps and they were making amazingly great pitas in the wood fired oven, deelish. We then had the short rib hummus which was incredible, the foie gras (little disappointed, it was delicious but about a 1 ounce serving on a piece of toasted bread for $20) and the falafel. Darren our waiter was terrific. All that food and two bottles of wine, one from Macedonia and another from Croatia was $200 tax and tip included.