I had high hopes for the Sheraton New Orleans.  I was staying here for a convention and got a room on the club floor.  Here's the good. If you're staying on a club floor, you'll have access to the club lounge, which serves free breakfast and appetizers with a fully stocked non-alcoholic fridge.  Also, because I was on a club floor I had an amazing view of the city.  The club floors are highest floors in the hotel.  (There are 49 floors; I stayed on the 47th floor.)  The hotel was also a great place for our conference.  We had plenty of space for all the events, and the conference rooms were nice.  Plus, the Sheraton has a great location on Canal Street, so it's a short walk to Bourbon Street and the French Quarter.
Here's the bad, and the reason for the 3 star rating.  The wifi in the hotel isn't that great.  I stayed 4 nights and had to reconnect every 24 hours.  The reconnection process was super slow and would sometimes kick me off the wifi for hours.  So, that was obviously a huge inconvenience.  When I checked out, I complained to the front desk staff about the wifi and was credited 500 Sheraton points.  It was a nice gesture, but I would have preferred working wifi instead.  
Second, not so great thing - no mini bar in the room.  I realize all the prices of items in the mini bar are generally outrageously expensive, but it still would have been nice to have the option, especially when the hotel requests for its guests not to bring outside alcohol into the hotel.  It just doesn't make sense.  If you don't want us to get it elsewhere, then supply us with it to begin with.   
Third, false charges made to my room.  When I went to check out I was told that I had been emailed a copy of my bill.  That's great.  I love having a copy I won't lose, but the server was down, and the bill wasn't sent.  So, I asked for a hard copy.  When I got it, I noticed a mysterious room service charge on my bill that I didn't make.  I was told to call Sheraton customer service to dispute the charge.  I have dealt with Sheraton customer service before and they have always routed me back to the individual hotel because the call center doesn't have authority to make certain decisions.  I knew if I was going to get the charge removed it would be when I was checking out with a live person standing in front of me.  At my insistence that she show me the room service bill, the front desk lady finally left to hunt it down.  After 20 minutes she returned and apologized because no bill could be produced.  It really makes me wonder if something sketchy was happening.  If someone had accidently charged something to my room because their room number was similar, wouldn't a bill be available for me to see?  Regardless the charge was removed, so I was happy about that.  
I appreciated the gestures to make amends for the mistakes (mysterious room service charges & spotty wifi), but I it's still annoying to have to take extra time to prove I'm not a liar.  I might come back here again, but with so many other choices of hotels in the area, I probably won't.First of all, I must disagree with some of the other reviewers about this hotel. We found the physical plant to be quite well done...contemporary and elegant in a corporate way. It did seem the hotel has been relatively recently renovated. The rooms are spacious, well thought-out, and comfortable. There is down bedding, a flat-screen, and a marble bathroom. Frankly, I was surprised This was a Sheraton. And the location was really great with the trolley line directly out front, and the French Quarter to be easy walking distance. Finally, we found the staff to be extremely helpful and accomodating, especially with problems we would encounter later.
We checked in the afternoon on a Friday of a holiday-weekend. Though the lobby was bustling, we made it through in an expedited fashion. We were even greeted by a manager who gave our four-year-old a bunch of beads and made her trip. I should note that we are SPG members, though not even gold or platinum. We were pleasantly surprised when we saw our room on the 27th floor...there was a wonderful view of the river as well. We enjoyed the pool as well, though it did seem a bit small to serve a hotel of this size. High-speed internet was unexpectedly free, despite what the website had said. All good.
That night, however, we were rudely introduced to the biggest problem this hotel presents...paper-thin walls. Around midnight, we were awoken by loud horseplay in the room next to us...a bunch of kids with their yelling, screaming, crying, jumping on beds, and crashing into walls, who had just gotten back to the room. Where were the parents/guardians/chaperones? Out in the hallway yelling at each other, making plans, and having a conversation 100 ft. from each other down the hall. Unreal. Eventually, I had to call down to the desk who promised security would come up and take care of it...well, nothing happened. The block party went on until close to 3am. The next morning, however, we were pleasantly surprised to find a letter from a manager under our door. In it, she apologized for what we went through, gave us a $50 credit, and asked us to come to the front desk. We did so only to receive the dreaded news that our neighbors would be there another night as well. But that was tempered with an offer to move us to an SPG floor, almost certainly to be quieter as it catered more to the business traveler. I suspect we weren't the only ones to complain, as we were also comp'd free parking ($44 per night for four nights!) and were gifted back 10,000 points that we had redeemed for part of our stay. The new room was on the 41st floor, and was just as nice as the first.
At thisoint, let me say the housekeeping was outstanding throughout our stay...our room was done early in the day every day and everything was spotless. All seemed peaches and cream until our last night/morning when we received an unwanted 5am wakeup. Our new neighbor had left his alarm on...it kept chirping through the papier-mache wall until I was finally able to reach someone at the front desk. Security came up and turned the alarm off at 6 am. I tried to go back to sleep, but then the alarm from the other side of the room went off at 0630. Argggh!Solid Hotel. Fantastic location and friendly service.  Its walkable to everything.  Seriously.  Its a huge convention hotel so be prepared for the sheer size.  I had a room on the 49th floor.  Hello! sweeping views of ALL New Orleans.  I love that the elevators ask you to punch in your floor number before entering.  Makes things super fast.  I never waited more than 90 seconds for an elevator despite being there during a sold out time.
Rooms are nice, amenities are nice and even the gym is nice.  I would stay here again.This place is in a great location and outstanding customer service. Aaliyah and Cierra at the front desk couldn't have been more wonderful to work with! I was handed a free drinks card at check in to start the NOLA experience off right in addition to having some reservations concerns handled hassle free. 
The concierge lounge for gold and platinum members is the best I've been in to date between all the Marriotts, Hiltons and SPG brands I've stayed at. The rooms are comfortable and have spectacular views. This is definitely a place I'd come back to!Stayed for buisness.
Amazing view in the river side rooms.
Good location for tourist activities, OK location for convention center activities. 
Amazingly strong perfume smell in lobby. Actually made me queasy.
Friendly helpful staff, hailed right kind of taxi, good advice on travel, and wake up call on time.
Room service fast but way overpriced, even for room service. 
Room on the small side, bed comfortable, pillows very puffy.
Cleaning staff seemed compelled to throw away my razor and empty water bottle every day (I like to reuse both). 
Not much water pressure on the higher floors.
AC good and easy to control. 
Internet nice and fast.
I'd give us a higher rating but for that horrible perfume in the lobby. It made me gag every time I walked through.Check was great - they were super busy and I was early, but the clerk came out to the huge lobby and found me when she got a room available just about 5 minutes after I left her desk.
the room was clean and nice - the view was fantastic!  Bed super cozy.Nice open lobby, nice beds and updated rooms, friendly service, awesome views from the top floors. Overall a good large property. Cool option to forgo housekeeping for a $5/day voucher good in the restaurants or in-house Starbucks. Starwood preferred guests get a free bottle of water and late checkout.I travel a bit and this has been one of the better experiences in this price range. The location is excellent as is the service. They emailed me before my arrival and asked for my travel itinerary and asked about any needs. They arranged an early check-in and responded to my request to room type and location. The staff that I found most helpful include Garrat, Monique, and Kevin - good job and thanks for your service.Wow!  For a recently renovated hotel, there's still a lot of renovations going on.  I was not impressed - especially with the price tag attached.  My room was unavailable - since I arrived at 9:00 at night.  ???  I was put in the room right next to the elevators where I had the pleasure of listening to every drunk a**hole come back from the bars.  I moved rooms the next day.  My luggage was late - so I asked if they could call me the minute it arrived.  You know, 'cause I like to shower and have fresh clothes after traveling for 20 hours on three flights to get there.  I was on my way out the next morning and what do I see sitting in the reception area?  You guessed it - my luggage.  So I politely thanked them for letting me know and took it back upstairs to put on some fresh clothes.
As if that's not enough, there was some severe water hammer in the piping and I reported this to the front desk who seemed oblivious to what a water hammer was.  I just asked her to let the management know.  Did she?  Who knows.  The next morning, there was absolutely no water throughout the building as a pipe on the second floor had burst.  I had to walk to another hotel to shower - thank God I had some buddies staying in other hotels that had those creature comforts like running water.  So, my adventure at the Sheraton ended, thankfully.  I don't think I'll be back.3.5 stars
This hotel can be found ridiculously cheap on hotwire. I'm talking less than $100 a night. It is listed as being in the central business district but it is on Canal directly across from the French Quarter so it is only a really short walk from all the action. For all intents and purposes you are in a Quarter hotel but at a significantly reduced price.
The lobby is nice but always super permeated with the "signature" Sheraton smell. It doesn't really bother me and to be honest a welcome scent given the sometimes wafty aromas that float around the streets of New Orleans. I mean it doesn't smell as the Abercrombie smell infusion you'll find in every standard mall. In the lobby you'll also find a four pack of desktops that have free internet sessions for hotel guests.
Our rooms were nice and room service always did a good job taking care of the room while we were out and about every day. This hotel is rather massive compared to others in the area and it always seemed there was a convention of some sort going on which made for interesting scenery. We randomly stumbled upon a marching band competition one night and on another there was a masquerade ball. It certainly felt like New Orleans and not some lame corporate chain hotel. 
Some complaints...
The elevators here are kinda wack. They work but typical of large hotels they are super freaking slow during peak hours. The problem is these seemed so much slower than others even in off peak hours. Also they have no numbers inside the elevators. They have this weird system where you press the number beforehand and it tells you which elevator shaft to wait on. 
Another minor item, one day I was unable to get any hot water in the shower. It wasn't necessarily freezing but it was below room temperature and cold enough to shock me out of my hangover pretty quickly.
If you are looking for a cheap place to stay in New Orleans this is a really good option. There are few downsides but in the price to annoyance scale this one wins pretty big.  Given the price point I'll stay here again if I ever grow another liver / get enough courage to come back to New Orleans.At 5:45pm there were no rooms available despite a reservation. Not well equipped for large groups. The staff was not overly friendly. At 10:30pm there was an emergency announcement to leave the building but then no follow. Amenities resembled a low end motel. Not a hotel I would return toThe lobby is beautiful!! The check in staff we're speedy and efficient.... our rooms we're comfy and clean to include the beds!!  The view was awesome.... from the 26 floor you can see everything!! 
Coolest thing were the smart elevators....  type in your floor # and thats where it goes.... no stops...  that is spectacular especially since the 26 floor was not the top and we all have been somewhere and had to wait on an elevator....I give this hotel kudo's for staying calm under pressure. I stayed here for the first time during All Star weekend 2014. The staff were friendly, courteous and professional even with all the hustle and bustle of the weekend. Brandon at the concierge went beyond and above to make sure our stay was great. The location of the hotel was perfect, we could walk to most of the events that we had to attend. 
The food in the lounge was meh! But it is complimentary so... 
I will be staying there again whenever I go back to NOThe hotel is very modern and has been updated recently.   The staff has been friendly  . The rooms are tiny and compact. Their towels are really  soft. I have a view of the other tall high rises. The food in the hotel was a little  above average . Place was very busy and the elevators are odd . You cannot program on the inside . Meeting rooms are large and it is really coldMy girlfriend and I stayed at the Sheraton Hotel during our stay in New Orleans. Its pretty average as far as the room amenities but it's New Orleans, so location is everything and that's what helps this hotel stand out. The hotel is on Canal street and it's just a few minutes away from Bourbon street and the French Quarters. It's about 20 minutes from the airport.Very busy place but all the staff takes time with each customer so waits are minimal. Elevators very smart and plentiful, also reducing wait time.  Breakfast buffet was nice and expensive,but most hotels are . Room clean and spacious.One half star for free starbucks coffee in the lobby.
One half star for pretty good room service quality with a 30 minute promise of delivery or your meal is free. Our meal was on time :( 
they charge a mandatory delivery charge and 18% gratuity, "for your convenience"
One star for a nice clean room and for promptly bringing up the rollaway bed. 
-3 stars for valet service!!! I know you guys are on canal street, but you need a system for getting cars to people on time! I more than three times waited more than half an hour to get my car. There is a valet service button on the phones in the room, but when you call down, no one answers. When you call the front desk, they say the valet's don't do call ahead, you have to come down and request it. Are you f'ing kidding me? So to avoid problems before going to dick and jenny's for NYE, I go down thirty minutes ahead of time and request the car. The valet gal convinces me that they're not busy and that I should come back when I want to leave. I hesitate and leave. When we come down and request the car, it takes forever. after 30 minutes the gal informs me that due to large volume of cars they had to park some cars in another garage down the street and canal is packed with cars. 
Dear sheraton, 
Let your guests self park, get a better valet system, or at the very least find a way to do call ahead service and alert your guests of this service. My trip was greatly hindered by your lack of forethought and execution of services.Incredible hotel! Amazing service, comfortable and clean rooms with great views. Excellent gym and decent pool. Friendly and knowledgeable staff and location couldn't be better for access to New Orleans French Quarter!This is my go to hotel in downtown New Orleans.  It is the only downtown departure/return spot for Jazz Fest transportation buses. If you are looking for a quiet hotel with not a lot going on, then you'll probably be happy elsewhere.  If you want a comfortable stay at a  great location for a reasonable price, this hotel will fit the bill.  It's not quite the Ritz or Windsor Court but will be much less expensive. A lot more action in the lobby too if that's your thing. Never any issues with cleanliness or service.  Awesome homemade potato chips at the bar.  I will continue to use this hotel.Awesome amenities, atmosphere and people! Loved my stay! Thank you so much! From check in to check out, I was impressed. The conference rooms were great, the hotel room was comfortable, valet attendants were courteous and the music at night was great.We were there feb 7-14, the hotel itself was ok.
The cleaning service was terrible. We had to ask for towels, bath mat or TP everyday something we needed. The rooms didn't even get cleaned till the very late afternoon between 3 and 6 o'clock.
We also got screwed , the big parade on feb 13/15
We were told we had to PAY $50.00 bucks to get a gold band to get in and out of our own hotel!
Absolutely GOUGE TACTIC! Not impressed.For nearly 300.00 dollars a night, this is a great location!  The bar/restaurant staff were super nice.  But our keys only worked half the time.  I was locked out of my room after going to the ice machine one night.  Since I had no ID to prove I was me to the front desk, it was quite inconvenient.  The "Green Choice" proved to be more hassle than it was worth.  Housekeeping did not come at all the last three days of our stay and we ran out of toilet paper, coffee, water, etc.  Since housekeeping came the first 5 days of our stay and just didn't do a great job, we were very confused by the whole experience.  The concierge was informative but really unenthusiastic and lacks personality.  When we asked for restaurant options for breakfast he gave us some great choices, but literally pointed the way instead of showing us on a map.  Again, quite confusing.    Overall, the room was comfortable.  The shower is a good height (I'm 5'10" so that's important) and the bed was semi comfortable.  Have really mixed feelings about the  whole experience.I don't usually give such a high rating to a chain hotel, but I really feel this one deserves it. From the time I checked in I was treated in a friendly, kind and courteous manner. I kept waiting for someone to be rude, but it never happened. In fact quite the opposite.
Considering the location,  it's actually quite quiet. For me, I'm a light sleeper and everything keeps me awake, but I slept very well in this hotel. 
I love the location. So convenient. The French Quarter right across the street. I attended the Jazz Fest and the buses left right out in front. Perfect!! There's also a handy Starbucks in the lobby. It doesn't get any better than that. 
My room was spotless as was the entire hotel. Oh and how can I forget the fitness room. My my, I have never seen such a large fitness area. I worked out several times during my stay. It was all so perfect. I didn't want to leave. 
I highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting the enjoy all the fun and beauty of New Orleans!"Outstanding Stay"
I thought our stay at the Sheraton was going to be ruined because of some complications with our registration. However, Denina, an SPG hostess, stayed with unraveling the issue over several days, keeping me posted via regular email communications, and finally got everything resolved to my perfect satisfaction. Upon arrival our SPG club room was waiting and served us well. Very nicely appointed. And the club lounge was excellent and continued Denina's outstanding accommodations. I highly recommend this hotel.Horrible service. Will not stay here again. Overpriced and overrated in my opinion. There are plenty of other good hotels in the area.The Good.
-A dirt cheap room when booked with Hotwire. 
-The pool on the 8th Floor that stays surprisingly uncrowded.
-Good beds, soft towels, decent shower, overall pretty clean.
-Centrally located, although I should not be allowed to stay in such close proximity to the casino. 
The Bad.
-The hot water stopped working one afternoon. Seriously.* 
-$10 to use the gym once? Get out of here with that. 
-The elevator system. I can respect that they tried to go modern, but there's something comforting about being able to select a floor while actually in the car itself. And really, I wouldn't care if I didn't have to wait for literally 15 minutes during check-out time on a weekend (~11 am, don't try to use the elevator if you can help it). 
The Ugly.
-I realize it is not your fault that my flight was delayed into being a red-eye. However, when I have spent the last 12 hours in an airport/on a plane, and all I want to do is collapse into a bed at 6 am, it is unacceptable that I  have to stand in your lobby for half an hour. I am too exhausted to care if your system is down. Show some compassion, get me into a room, and figure it out later.
___________
*The staff credited my account with $25 as a result, but really, NOLA is far too sweaty a city to not be able to shower.The hotel is okay, not great but also the the worst.  The advertise improvements coming in 2012, but for now it is showing some defects.   The AC was not the greatest and I had to set it to the lowest setting to keep my room cool.  There were a number of ceiling leaks in the conference center areas and subsequent stained and soiled carpets.  The hotel had an overall spell of "old lady perfume" that i didn't find all that appealing.  The internet speed was nice.  The staff was very friendly. And the location is pretty nice to the tourist destinations.I had a conference here, and got the "Club Level" room/service.  I did not get a room on that level, but got access to the 42nd floor with my room key.  
The whole hotel is great.  Great rooms, great lobby area with a huge bar.  Close to the quarter and the rest.  
The food was quite good for the conference, room service and restaurants.  The employees were great too.  
I will definitely stay here again.Check in was a breeze. I requested a high floor, close to the elevator room and got one on the 30th floor with a fantastic view of the Mississipi River. The bed is heavenly - similar to the quality of the Westin beds. 4 pillows were awesome! It was a good size for 2 people and bathroom was spacious with a tub. Room had safe, coffeemaker and complimentary bottled water each day.
We had a problem with a power outlet shutting down but they immediately sent a technician to take a look at it and had it reset and working right away.
There is a Starbucks in the lobby. Bellhop Brian was friendly and helpful. Concierge desk also recommended great spots for brunch and tour activities. The elevator is very modern - haven't seen anything like it before. 
If wifi was free, A/c a bit colder and if shower water pressure was stronger, I'd give this hotel a 5 star rating. 
All things considered, I will book here again for the great location on Canal St.I basically lived at this hotel for about a month when I was in town for a long term job so I got reeeally familiar with the ins and outs of the place. 
In short?  It was awful.  
Let's start at the beginning:  the front desk staff is basically clueless.  They're very nice, just clueless.  At most other hotels this wouldn't be too much of an issue, but since the magnetic key for my room wouldn't work at least once a day, I kept having to go back to the front desk every day to get a new card - it gets old fast.   Especially when each elevator ride takes approximately 5-10 minutes with wait time.  
There is also a lot of false advertising.  For example, they advertise wifi availability, but what they mean is that it's available, but you have to pay to use it.  If you get a package delivered here, there is a fee - a big one.  I think one fee I had was about 25 bucks.  The business center is also very pricey.  Oh!  And make sure not to accidentally take something out of the mini-bar, because it will automatically show up on your bill when you check out, regardless of whether or not you consumed it.  Parking is also very very expensive.  You must valet - and sometimes when I would go to pick up the car, calling ahead would not be an option and I would have to wait 10-20 minutes in the valet area while the poor over-worked valets would be servicing large wedding and conference parties.
All the rooms below the 42nd floor (I think) have not been redone and just look...tired.  Ask for a higher floor.  Also, on each floor there are two rooms that are right next to the elevators, separate from the rest of the hallway.  If you find yourself to be in either of these rooms, asked to be moved IMMEDIATELY.  Otherwise, you will not be able to get any sleep thanks to the constant stream of drunken revelers that come home (or depart) after midnight.
I would not recommend this for business travellers (or really anyone, frankly).  Maybe if you're one of the drunken revelers you won't notice how everything's overpriced.Stayed here with friends for the Essence Music Festival 2012 and the hotel was crawling with people. Entering the hotel itself was difficult due to the crowds in front and people coming and going frequently. I felt that the hotel itself could have played a better part in dispersing the crowd in front. 
The rooms were pretty spacious, clean, quiet and comfortable but average. The shutters on the windows were a nice touch and kept the outside lights down when desired. During our first day there the water was shut off for a period of time but the hotel stated that this was done by the city and they had no control over it. 
Overall my stay was pleasant and I found the staff to be very helpful.I've stayed here a few times..... I find that they have some great rates... sometimes in the sub 100 per night range... truly one of the best hotel deals in NOLA. 
I spent two days here in January 2009. As a SPG Platinum member, I was upgraded to a "executive suite" upon checkin on the 42nd floor. 
The room was great. I'm guessing there was a 46 inch plasma TV in the living room with an older "tube" TV in the bedroom. My room had two refrigerators... Both were empty, I didn't see an honor bar. 
I was working on a project and needed a 3 hole punch. I asked if it could be brought up to my suite, but they didn't want to... Not a big deal, but a request that I think could have been delegated to a bell boy. 
The location is great. 8 short blocks from Jackson square, two blocks from Bourbon Street.... 
From reading some of the reviews, it sounds like they have not upgraded some of their rooms. Mine was done very nicely... No signs of wear and very modern.Yelp has been nagging me to review the Sheraton for ages so I guess I ought!
To be honest, not hugely impressed. The best thing about it was the view from the window, the sunrise over the Mississippi was just phenomenal.
The hotel itself was a classic example of a generic, chain hotel that is more interested in earning a profit than actual customer satisfaction. The customer service was poor (unusual in the States), the desk staff seeming unwilling to help and made at bit of a cock up with my reservation details, and then over charging me at the end. The breakfast was not included in the room rate and was ridiculously expensive - why would you eat here when there are so many better and cheaper options in New Orleans??
The only reason I stayed here was because I was attending a conference on site. The conference facilities were OK but the chairs were fairly uncomfortable, I suppose this can be useful when trying to stay awake through lectures when slightly hungover (what did they expect, putting on a conference in the party town of New Orleans??!!)
The room was pretty standard and did it's job, but again it was fairly generic. There is a bar in the foyer for guests which was a nice enough place to meet for drinks. There was also a Starbucks on the premises, again this involved long queues and appalling service.
The swimming pool is fairly small for the size of the hotel and there was frequently not enough sunbeds for the number of guests requiring them. The gym was small but unfortunately it was ridiculously expensive for guests to use - that's me going for a run then!
I really believe that a hotel should be able to offer things such as water, wifi and gym facilities for free to guests that are already paying a substantial sum to stay there. But in this day and age, its all about profit, profit, profit :-(Seriously, Sheraton, seriously?  $3 bananas?  $10 for your own guests to use the gym per visit?  Is that any way to run a conference?I definitely stayed at the Sheraton New Orleans for far too long, because in eight days I saw every nook and cranny, every gouge in the wall and learned the shift schedules of meetings servers. That being said, the Sheraton is average for a number of reasons.
YAY:
-Fantastic location. Steps from Bourbon Street, a short walk from Cafe du Monde, Mother's Restaurant, across the street from Palace Cafe, Marriott Hotel, and parades generally go down Canal. 
-The food is outstanding. And I ate a lot of it. A LOT. Crabcakes were meaty and not bready. Smoked salmon was flavorful. The sweet tea was sickeningly sweet (as real Southern tea should be, ahem), Breakfast spread was delicious and not at all soggy. And the dessert selection... well let's just say a bakery should be in their future.
-Service was really on point the majority of the time. Only once or twice was there a mishap or something delivered late. But all of our meetings were set up exactly as planned, and the front desk manager and concierge worked very hard to keep our conference happy.
-Lots of room. This was a fantastic hotel to host a conference in. The signage is direct and not at all confusing, the rooms are spacious and many have natural lighting. 
-Spacious lobby and convenient Starbucks on first floor
NAY:
-Not remodeling since Katrina. I completely understand it takes a lot of time to come back from something so devastating. The Sheraton was able to remain open during the entirety of the hurricane and provided much needed shelter and income for New Orleans during it's most trying time. With that said, Katrina was seven years ago, and the Sheraton has not had a major renovation since. The rooms have water stains on the ceilings, the conference centers have holes in the walls and scuffs all over the doors, and the carpeting is worn thin in places and has a very distinct odor. Not good, when companies are paying hundreds of thousands of dollars to host conferences here.
-The humidity. The ventilation system must be on it's last leg. My hair stayed frizzy the entire time, my bedding and towels felt damp. Even the table cloths resting on my legs made my skin feel wet. On the plus side, my skin looked great. On the negative, people suffering from asthma or allergies suffered. 
Overall I must say I had a very positive experience at Sheraton. Unfortunately the cosmetic destruction was much too prevalent and the humidity caused a lot of discomfort.Excellent front desk and lobby staff. Housekeeping is a bit undependable. Lobby bar is horrible. Conference facilities excellent and conference catering was ok. Some meals had zero vegetarian options. Perhaps the event organizers are partially to blame for this but a good catering staff should not have let that happen.room option: 2 QUEEN BEDS W/ CLUBHOUSE UPGRADE (scroll down to skip to clubhouse review)
If all you care about is location and cleanliness... maybe view, this place is fantastic... but I have LOTS of complaints considering this is supposed to be a nice hotel. 
We booked a room for 4 a couple months in advance. The "queen-sized" beds are tiny... at the front desk they said they're between a full and a queen but I don't think they're even that, they seemed even smaller than a full - though not twins, so there's that... If you're only 1 person to a bed, or maybe a couple and don't mind snuggling... no worries. If you're 4 individual humanoids enjoying personal space, not so hot. Also, the closet is barely usable due to it having a narrow entry to a long space and there's not much of an armoire or bureau to hold anything. Again, for 1 person, the TV table thing would have been fine, I suppose - 4 small drawers and 1 long one, but even 2 people spending more than 1 night would have an issue.
We were told by the woman at check in that the only room available was the handicapped and "deaf" room which, when the phone rang would shake the bed and flash the lights. Not being deaf, this didn't seem like a great thing but she said there weren't other options and that we could turn it off. Once in the room, there was no box with a switch and after an hour or so of searching and 4 phone calls later, no one could help us. After we'd unpacked and settled, I went downstairs to ask the front desk to call our room to check if maybe they were wrong about the room... no shaking bed, no flashing lights... The very nice man then smiled and said, "but we have other rooms, if you'd like to move since it IS a handicapped room." Seriously? But at that point, not really caring about the height of the peep hole and already having unpacked I declined.
We later figured out that handicapped means the shower has no door, curtain or tub and the shower head is lower... our bathroom floor was a pool every morning or night from the shower. We needed an entire store room of towels to handle it. Which leads me to the fact that our room had no towels when we checked in and the sheets, though perfectly clean, I'm sure, were stained - one with ink, the other with grey smudges. Also, the toilet leaked so when we entered the floor was soaking wet, even without having showered. The man who fixed that came quickly, however and was very nice.
After night 2, we had the room cleaned. When we got back from our adventures, the headboard to one of the beds had collapsed to the ground. It took about 3 hours for the maintenance guy to get through his rounds and fix it (which should tell you about how many problems there were). When we expressed concern over a collapsing headboard, he responded that it happened all the time because the rooms were poorly constructed, not to worry. Great... so... the other bed might be a ticking time bomb that could collapse on us at any point... but there was no way to know for sure. 
CLUBHOUSE OPTION
The ability to get coffee, soda and juice 24 hours a day would be great... if they kept it stocked and there was an ice machine. We were told we had to ask the room attendant for ice (which felt really awkward and at night when they aren't there is down right stupid). All the other floors might have ice machines, we finally went off on our own and found one on the 48th floor, but there isn't one on the 42nd - plus, the ice bucket is wee. I don't know what the cost upgrade was for the clubhouse option, but unless you plan to drink it all in soda and bottles of water, don't bother. You're in NOLA, do not waste a meal on tasteless food and since the coffee machine is constantly out of something vital to it's main function, even that is pretty useless.
That being said, the location is wonderful, right off Decatur on Canal and most of the staff is pretty friendly. If this place was $100 a day, or they'd given us something in return for having so much trouble, I likely wouldn't have been phased, but for well over $200 a night, I felt my money was wasted.I don't think I have a complaint about this place. We walked to everything in the French quarter from here. When we went to Uptown we walked a couple of blocks and hopped on the street car. Great location! Bed was comfortable, loved the shower, and Housekeeping didn't wake us up at the crack of dawn. I enjoyed my stay here. Only wished they had a few more stations for my little one when she got bored but we really didn't stay in the room long enough to need it. We valet parked our car when we got here and didn't need it until we left. That was a nice bonus.I was going to give this hotel 4/5 stars but had to do 3/5.
The good:
Location is centrally located to the french quarters. It's easy walking distance from all the action. So it's very well located.
The quality of the hotel is decent compared to most Sheratons I've stayed at. The room we stayed in was clean, seemed modern and we had a great view.
Executive lounge is great. Great view, staff is very attentive and friendly. Food quality is decent at breakfast.
The Bad:
So I'm platinum and at check-in we were told breakfast would be included (we did breakfast instead of 500 amenity points). Wifi should have been free as well as indicated by their staff. We stayed there 4/26 to 4/29 and to this day I am still trying to get ahold of someone to reverse the bill for the breakfast and the internet. It's just bad support. If you stay here, please make sure you take down the name of the person at frontdesk who told you what would be free and what wouldnt. Platinum Concierge told me that usually the Plat. amenity is a choice between Points, Breakfast and sometimes Wifi. So Wifi is NOT always free for Plats at some properties. It could have been a choice. So just be clear and take down who you talked to.
The breakfast in the restaurant was horrible. Just tasted like a really cheap motel food. They did have a made to order omelets bar but there was a reason why people were getting "well done" omelets".
I really wish I could have written more good things as I stay at a lot of Sheratons and it's kinda like home to me parts of the year!
** Update **
As of 5/29/2013 I finally got the bill reversed for items that are free for Platinum's.  I had to reach out to SPG Platinum concierge and they submitted a request for the property to call me and since then the hotel finance department literally called every day to reach me.  So in their defense, they finally worked to make things right.  But I had to get SPG concierge involved.Nice hotel in the heart of New Orleans. It's on the street car line as well. It's a little pricey. It also cost $38 per day to park a car. The food is ok, but the food near the hotel is fantastic! I will come back. The view from the window was beautiful.Desk services - courteous and honest. My bro left his credit card and they called our room promptly to let us know they had it.
Maid service - very polite. 
Room - Needs upgrade and thorough cleaning.  Towels were well provided for but our room's alarm clock, lamps, and desks had dust all over it and you can tell they haven't been dusted for weeks. I also noticed that carpets were never vacuumed during our 7 day stay in the hotel. Hotel room smelled damp and as if previous patrons smoked in it (despite a no smoking policy).  You can see the wear & tear in the bathroom tiles/tubs.
Billing services - prompt response on my question regarding a charge in my credit card (note: I forgot about my Starbucks in the Sheraton purchase. I was not sure because it appeared as a "Sheraton" charge in my account. When I emailed them, they replied within hours.)
Downside:
No complimentary toothpaste for guests.
Smelly/damp rooms
Furniture not dusted
Carpet not vacuumed
Plus side:
Very friendly and honest service
Very prompt reply when you have questions
Gym, pool, bar, restaurant
Walking distance to French Qtr & RiverwalkFirst time in New Orleans, but my trip didn't start off too well because of this hotel. Don't get me wrong it is a beautiful hotel and in a great location but the service is terrible. 
First off, we had to wait in the thirty minute check in line just to find out they had screwed up our accommodations. We had booked two rooms in which the lady at the front desk completely denied and put up a fight about. After showing her proof of purchasing two rooms she finally worked everything out and gave us another room. But what made me really nervous was that the guy next to me was complaining about how after the bellhop had brought his luggage up he was missing three bags!
Even more annoying, the next day we had missed room cleaning so we told them to come back later. We ended up coming home   Later in the day to find the room still not cleaned. Twenty minutes later I was changing into my swimsuit when the cleaning lady just barged into my room!! No knock or announcement just came right in while I was naked! After putting clothes on and confronting her, she had a terrible attitude and yelled at us in a complete unprofessional manor about how we should've had our rooms cleaned earlier like everybody else. She had even left us a rude voicemail on the hotel room telephone about now getting our room cleaned!
So basically come here if you want to stay at a nice, modern hotel but don't expect a quality experience.Thank goodness I didn't have to pay for my stay at this hotel. I would be furious that I had  wasted good money on this establishment. We had a large convention here. 
Good: location 
Bad 1.. Elevators that were per programmed. I sent more time waiting on one elevator. Many times they were ful and I would have to wait another 10 minutes . NOONE was happy about the elevator situation 
2. Rooms were stuffy. No vents or a/c in bathrooms. Temp would only go down to 65. 
3. At 3:00pm rooms were still not cleaned. Had to call for towels 2 days. 
4. Breakfast was a disaster. Meeting would start early am. Never had enough staff to serve that many people. Line for Starbucks wrapped around the lobby. 
5. Food at one luncheon terrible and so over priced. Asked for some mustard or mayo for think sale bread sub. Said we would have some never saw it. 
6. Some floors did not have ice machines. No food vending machines. If you didn't get dinner or lunch you were out of luck. SOL
7. Convention rooms ok but nothing to go crazy about.
I would never never book here for a convention or a vacation
I was glad to leave!!As a flight attendant, I stay in hotels nearly half my life. I fly international and domestic. This property has such an amazing staff!  I love coming here. Not just for the great location, which is perfect, right on Canal close to everything, but the experience at the hotel, which is always amazing. Some hotels treat crews on layovers like their red headed step sister, an inconvenience they have to put up with, but here I feel like a valued, top tiered customer!+Close to Bourbon Street
+Great views
-No free wifi 
-Cell service wasn't the best
-Our room wasn't the cleanest when we got in but we were too lazy to complain.  We found a beer can behind the chair.
Seems like a good partying hotel. We came for a bachelorette party & had 3 rooms. They were able to put us all on the same floor. We also got no complaints about being loud!Now we happened to come to NOLA for New Years. Besides some personal experiences this  hotel was awesome! I slept on the chair they had in the room which had a small ottoman. Not crazy comfy but you can make due. Now the only compliant if anything would be the temperature in the room. It would be set but it wouldn't reach being that cold u til late in the night. During the day it would feel like it was 80. 
Would I go back yes. But I would sleep on the bed next time.500 Canal St. in New Orleans. My friend and I stayed here for 3 days and 4 nights the weekend of August 23rd 2013. Great service from the room staff, fair service from the concierge and information desk. Acceptable service overall up until we decided to dine at The Pelican Bar. The service was so bad and inconsiderate that we decided we would probably find a different place to stay and spend our money next time we visit New Orleans. We had seen other diners eating some good food and on a night when we felt like we just wanted to relax and not tour the city looking for a place to eat outside, we decided to try some of these good looking dishes we had seen at the Pelican Bar while passing by on our way from the room. We walked in and after standing around for some time without any acknowledgement or assistance from the staff, we went ahead and found a place to sit. We then started looking at the menu and sat there for perhaps another 10 minutes before being approached by the server. Her name is Monique. She walked over to the table and said "What do you guys want?" She then proceeded to grab the menu from my friend's hand, placed another menu in front of her on the table and said "Use that one, this one's out. Actually, gimme a sec" and then walked away. We sat around for another few minutes and then were approached by another lady who introduced herself as the manager said that she understood we wanted to order from "the other menu". We told her we didn't know which menu meant what and that we just picked the menu up from the table and knew what we wanted from it. She walked away and a few minutes later, Monique returned with a pen and notepad. She did not speak, just stood there and looked at us. We initiated the conversation by asking her whether she was taking our orders. She replied with a stern "Yes". We ordered, she wrote it down and walked away. We thought this would be the end of the spectacle. That we would simply get our food, eat and head to our room. You guessed it, we were wrong!
Monique brought back the wrong order for my food (note that she had seemed to be writing when we placed our orders). My plate had fries while I had ordered a side salad. She attempted to bring another pale and reach into the plate in front of me with her hands to pick out the fries. She caught herself and took the whole plate to the back. She brought back my order and we never laid eyes on her again until about 45 minutes later when she tossed our bill on the table as she walked by without even looking to see where it had landed. We did not have any drinks with our meals either. I really hope Sheraton, The Pelican Bar or whoever's in charge is n a position to get the manager and especially Monique some much needed customer service training. One would understand our lack of desire to go back to stay at the Sheraton after such an encounter.My girlfriends and I stayed at this hotel during the Essence Festival.  This was my first time at this hotel and it was wonderful.  I have high expectations and this hotel met all of them.  The room was extremely clean and housekeeping on the 20th floor was awesome.  The bar area was crunk every night and the food was good.  I will make sure to book at this hotel next year for the Essence Festival.I stayed here in March for an American Bar Association conference and just hated the hotel.  Overall hotel looks very 1970s (and not in a novel way; just in a dingy, brown, and sad way).  
The rooms are extremely mediocre and seemed dirty - nothing luxurious or remarkable about the space at all.  
The convention areas are a hassle -- the various conference rooms are on different levels, so one is constantly riding crowded escalators.  
There's a Starbucks in the lobby, which I was thrilled to see the night I checked in.  Unfortunately, the line at that Starbucks is 20 minutes long in the morning.  
Another remarkably bad thing about this hotel is the crazy elevator system.  To use it, you punch your floor into an 70's style keyboard (outside the elevator), wait for ten minutes, and then a sign illuminates telling you which elevator you can use.  No buttons inside the elevator.  For whatever reason, this seemed to create constant delay and confusion among the guests, and I felt like I spent half the trip waiting for an elevator (which was fine, because I was never that excited to return to my awful room).  It's such a dumb elevator control system it would be funny if the rest of the experience wasn't so poor,
Another low point is the staff.  At least once a day, my electronic room key would stop working.  Every time, whoever was at the front desk would insist it still worked.  Multiple trips up and down between my room and lobby ensued while the situation was worked out (or not).  Once, they insisted on following me upstairs to test it in my door, which I found disconcerting - of course, it did not work.  
Finally, the bar and restaurant situation!  I guess they are counting on the fact that most people don't go to New Orleans to eat or drink at the hotel, but I tried both once.  The hotel bar was a nondescript area in the lobby; again, dirty glasses.  There is a restaurant on the second floor where I tried to eat lunch, without success, because I waited for a waiter for 20 minutes (after being seated) and was then told that the kitchen was closed and all that was available was a lunch buffet that looked as if it had been sitting out for four hours (which it probably had been).
The best I can say about this hotel is that it has a decent gym.  
I have never been so thrilled to check out of a hotel.  Actually, that's not correct - I once stayed at a place in Raleigh that was equally bad, but it was a lot cheaper than this Sheraton, so I do think the prize goes to this one.There are two words that sum up the Sheraton New Orleans and that is "total incompetence."  The hotel itself is in a good location and the rooms are respectable however I received bogus charges on my invoice and witnessed service so poor it was laughable.  I was charged for using the fitness room yet I didn't even bring gym shoes on my trip; it was for a conference associated with work.  I would consider this an honest mistake if the service I received trying to get my cellphone charger wasn't so ridiculous.  I called Sheraton explaining I lost my charger and promptly received a returned call indicating my charger was found.  After not receiving my charger for several days, I called again and the lady said they couldn't locate my charger.  I asked for them to double check and low and behold I received another call saying my charger was found AND this time they would make sure it would be mailed to me.  Of course I didn't receive my charger so I called once again and left a voicemail which was not returned.  After several additional calls I finally gave up.  Its extremely frustrating to see such a simple and routine task fail time after time.  I also feel taken advantage of because I was charged fees that were not legitimate.  I've stayed at Sheraton hotels numerous times but guarantee I will not step foot in a Sheraton ever again.  Horrible service.The Sheraton is a nice hotel and a great place to stay if you are in New Orleans. It's not too far from the French Quarter and there are tons of awesome restaurants within walking distance. The views of the city from higher rooms are impressive. The amenities and room are great. Room service and service in general was really slow because they are always booked with conventions and businesses. The lobby is a sight to see as others mentioned! Only complaints are extremely slow service (understandable) and there was black soot coming out of our tub. It was frustrating not to be able to shower/bathe because we couldn't get clean water to come out for a few hours.I agree with the others on the location. My problems with this hotel are: 1. it is not a four star hotel like it claims to be. It is very overpriced for what it is - a three star hotel. Part of the ceiling in our room was hanging down, the bathroom - shower and toilet were dirty, the TV didn't work well, and the furnishings were worn. 2. It was noisy and not just from other guests. I think because of thin walls and the oldness of the hotel. 3. The internet is terrible. They have three levels of internet that range from $6.95 to $12.95. The $6.95 a day internet is worse than dial up. The $12.95 a day internet is in no way blasing fast. Don't stay here if you need to do any work. 3. On one of the nights we were there, the fire alarm went off at 3 AM and someone came over the loudspeaker instructing us to await further instruction, but none was ever given. It was extremely unnerving especially since we were on the 21st floor. 4. At check-in, we were told that there were no rooms available, but they would call us when our room was available. They never called. 
I have actually never had an issue with a hotel before and have stayed at other Sheratons, as well. I think you would do better staying somwhere else for your money. I was more impressed with my short time accross the street at the Marriot - which I only went to for the Starbucks since the line at the Starbucks in the Sheraton was easily 30 people deep.Great place and location. Rooms and service were on point and quick access to all things in NO.I will start this review with positives first. The hotel is within walking distance of a lot of eateries and shopping places. The staff is very helpful from check in on through. The rooms are nice with a great view. They load your luggage and take it to your room. It is within walking distance (if you dont mind a little walk) of Bourbon street and French quarters if you dont want to drive or pay for uber. The gym was nice with lots of machines(up to date) and towels. So for the negatives. I was taken back by the $46 a day parking fee. Why would you need to pay to park, and you have already paid over 200 a night for a room? FYI we parked about 3 blocks over for 15 a night. Make sure you use parking panda to find other places to park and check, because some you can only go in and out one time. Room service is very very slow. We waited an hour and a half for fruit and cookies with milk. The pool looks like an infant waddle pool. Here's the worse part.....No free wifi or local calls. Who does that? No refrigerator which sucks because you come to New Orleans to eat. Overall it's a nice hotel just some regular things that we are use to were not available. If those things are not a must for you then have a nice stay.Absolutely awful service and completely incompetent staff. Took me over an hour to check in a party of five, the rooms weren't ready, they couldn't figure out who went in each room, screwed up the credit cards, and then told me the next day they didn't have a credit card on file - after the hour we'd spent checking in. Stay anywhere else.Run don't walk away from this place.  Hotel was overbooked on our arrival. We had made a reservation a month in advance and upon arriving were told by the desk manager that there were no more rooms with beds. She offered to make up a couch or told us we could find accommodations elsewhere. We spent hours trying resolve problems that came up like checking us out early, billing my credit card even though I had prepaid. The staff were generally indifferent to helping or downright hostile. Needed outside intervention via credit card company and booking agency to help. This dump totally ruined our vacation each day there was drama that required hours of troubleshooting. If you are going to stay...retain a local attorney...you are going to need one.Its official--hotels are officially scared of the Internets. Sites like TripAdvisor (and yes, Yelp) have given anyone with an internet connection the chance to praise or rip an establishment, and the Sheraton is clearly on the bubble. They ask guests to let them know how they can improve your stay about every way possible. But who do I call to say my stay was just, "eh?"
From the moment I arrived at the hotel, folks laid on the welcome thick, and it went from polite to ingratiating to annoying in about 2.5 seconds. Once I got to my room and discovered cleaning supplies left in my bathroom. I had to run out for an evening event, and stopped by the front desk for either a new room or a clean up, and instead of giving me a quick solution, the desk clerk asked "what do you want?" Well, for me not to have to ask for a clean bathroom, for one. Or the broken toilet the next day, or the promise of a call for an upgrade (which I thought was included for SPG members of a certain level) that never came.
I typically stay at the W on Poydras, and this trip required more family oriented lodging. But from now on, babies or no, we're going back there. I'll still get my SPG points, and know the experience will be what I have come to expect when I'm in town. This place was fine, but definitely not superior or special.Nice room. Comfy bed. Staff so far very accommodating and pleasant. Coffee maker was next to TV but no outlet nearby so had to move it across room to use. Plugins on nightstand a real plus but no phone there so couldn't call front desk easily (portable phone on desk across room) to let them know TV had No Signal message, a real disappointment when I'm barely conscious and have already had to rearrange decor to make my coffee at 6am, LOL! Yes someone's a little bitchy cuz he hasn't had his coffee yet and can't get his cable news fix ...I was here for Mardi Gras and a conference. The room had an awesome view of the Mississippi River, and you honestly can't beat the location for the price. Walking distance to everything from Bourbon Street, the French Quarter, and Cafe Du Monde!
However, a lot of it was ruined because of the poor service.
On the second day of our visit, our toilet overflowed and started flooding into our room. We called the front desk to report it and it took over an hour for someone to come and address the problem. A kind stranger who had just checked in was the one who came into our room and fixed the toilet for us. Two of my roommates had to move their luggage on to chairs and the desk in order for their belongings to stay dry. Even when an employee did come to address the problem, all they did was throw a few towels on the floor without mopping the bathroom floor or even offering an apology. After a few more hours of having nothing addressed, we went to the front desk in person to complain. We received $100 in hotel credit, which was nice, but honestly it wouldn't have been needed if the hotel just did their job.
A few days later, the battery on our door died so we were unable to use the key card to gain access into our room. The woman at the front desk who answered my roommate's call was extremely rude and unhelpful. Again, it took about an hour or longer for the problem to get fixed.
It's such a shame because the hotel really is beautiful and very nice. But the lack of service we received is enough that I probably will not be back. Sorry :(Fantastic location. Lovely (though a bit small) rooms with amazing views of downtown NOLA, including the Mississippi and the French Quarter. At night the view feels like Las Vegas and I would just sit in front of our floor-to-ceiling window for hours. The hotel has a lovely little (but large for a hotel) pool on the roof and a nice fitness center with great locker rooms, including saunas. 
I ate at the restaurant bar twice. Of course the prices are high. Twice I had their hamburger, which was of very high quality and worth the price. The lobby (which encompasses the bar) is huge and gorgeous, including a large fountain and thirty-foot high windows looking onto Canal Street. For the location and the quality, the price is quite reasonable.I think this is one of the best hotel locations for visiting New Orleans.  It's is located right in the middle of everything. Checking in was a breeze, the front check-in service was very pleasant.  The lady was very nice and informative.  We arrived around 11:00 AM and our room was already ready for check-in which was nice! I love when hotels are ready for you for an early check-in.  The hotel itself is pretty nice as well.  The only thing I didn't like was the elevator, it's kind of annoying.  It's not a regular elevator.  I also didn't like how you there was guard near the elevators at night.  You had to show them a room key to go up the elevators.  They didn't seem too strict or care much really so I didn't see a point to having them there.  It was more of a hassle trying to find your room key at 4AM when coming back from partying on Bourbon St.Good location. Crazy fast elevators for such a tall building. Nicely renovated rooms. Starbucks in the lobby. Lots of street noise... But assuming that's the case at all hotels in the neighborhood.The staff was super friendly. Especially the guy who helped bring our luggage down. We loved the lobby bar, where they had a projector set up so we could watch the LSU game. Good wasn't that great but it was convenient.I have stayed at this hotel for 8 work weeks through early 2018. I have SPG platinum status and have stayed in "upgraded" rooms. In general the rooms, including furniture, feel and smell quite old, regardless of floor or upgrade. I've dropped things on the floor or under beds and when picking them up from ind and the bed been horrified at the amount of dust and garbage sitting around. The bathrooms are small and adequate/basic. The walls between rooms are pretty thin and it's not difficult to hear conversations and parties between rooms. The club lounge is average but often runs out of places to sit at peak times. The lounge hors d'ouevres and breakfast service are usually tasty and fresh although they often run out of items at peak times. The service is ok and despite being a regular, I don't feel especially welcomed or catered to. I do like that they recently started carrying Pepsi products instead of Coca-Cola unlike most lounges and have great tea options too. The other amenities are great. I enjoy the fitness room a lot - it's huge and has adequate/clean machines and free weights that are in good shape. The lobby is nice and open and the front desk staff have always been nice and accommodating to me and have started recognizing me and welcoming me as a regular. Garrett the VIP coordinator is also nice and does a good job of making sure guests are happy. My least favorite thing about the hotel other than the rooms is the elevators - the elevators do not have floor buttons and thus floors must be selected in the elevator lobbies before entering the elevator. Guests often don't understand how to operate the elevators or select wrong floors or miss the indicator showing which elevator they must use to arrive at their desired floor. During busy weeks like for Mardi Gras, elevator wait times have extended past 15 minutes multiple times for me. Renovations are due in 2020 but in my opinion are long overdue.Thank you! 
Our first choice of hotels was horrible so we moved across the street for only a few dollars more a night...
This hotel is amazing! Huge and super nice entry with a massive tv and a nice bar. The rooms are large with an amazing view of the city. We could even see boats sailing in the Mississippi from our room! Great price and great room :)
Only thing I did not like is that the pool and work out room close at 9 :( I think at least the work out room be open 24 hours at least.the first Mardi Gras (2010) my wife and I spent together, we stayed at this hotel.  It was my first time staying at one of the big hotels downtown, so I was excited.  We finally got to the room, and wanted to take a nap.  I pulled back the covers to find the sheets stained with some kind of bodily fluid, and it wasn't blood.  I went to wash my hands with the soap that was in the dish, figuring my wife had already opened the soap, nope.  So in the first five minutes of staying, we had used soap and used sheets.  A call to the front desk sent people up, but the damage had been done.  Talked to the manager about compensating us for giving us a room that had not been properly clean, and I think they gave us $25.  For such a good location, and the giant building, you'd think the hotel would live up to the reputation it should have.  It fails in that respect.  There are plenty of other hotels on the same perceived level that are better choices that don't have crusty sheets.Lucked into a good deal here after plans fell through.  The front desk people were very understanding, and when the young valet was embarrassingly unprofessional, the front desk came through to make things right.  Location is tough to beat.Nice rooms, nice people, weird elevator system. Prime location. Probably the highest-end sheraton i can think of.Rooms are a nice size,
Service is great. I did not like the $5 added to all room service orders, seemed high.  Beds are cozy with lots of pillows.  Great location.Rooms are dated. Water pressure in shower is horrible. AC works mediocre and when you get the room cool feel rest assured housekeeping will turn it off so when you return to your room it is horribly hot. Walls are thin. My last night in the hotel I had a family with screaming kids next door. 
Upon checking out, do not expect a thank you for your stay or asking you how your stay was because you will not hear it. I am not a Sheraton brand fan to begin with. This location reminded me why that is the case.Nice place. Right on Canal St and just a couple blocks from Bourbon Street and the French Quarter.Really its midnight 7/15/14 and they are doing construction in the hotel. The noise is vibrating through the walls and floors. The hotel is full and was over booked when our group arrived. The only usable bathrooms for convention space was on 2nd floor. Banquet on 5th floor! They say they are remodeling the bathrooms on all other public floors.  Found out no one booked for conventions for next two weeks!!!! But they are doing the remodel now instead of waiting. Note under door late afternoon states "work will start at 10 am & sorry for inconvenience." Again its after midnight coming onto being 1am!!!!  Elevators are not convenient. Have to wait for specific car and no way to change floor once inside.  Though most staff is pleasant wait staff is abrupt and in a hurry to slam through meals and clean up.  No water or coffee refills nor did they check if meal was okay.  Concerns not handled by management just ignore and hope we go away. Seems like this is on going considering other recent posts on this site.Great location on Canal Street & Decatur Street, on the edge of the French Quarter & Downtown. The hotel is nice. The rooms are clean, well decorated, and new. 
The hotel is rated 4 stars,and nothing here is free; Parking is $40+tax/fees per night,  internet and anything else you might want or need, the hotel will CHARGE you through the nose! 
The rates are through the roof but if you are lucky enough to find a reasonable rate, just remember, they'll make up for it with all the fees, and extra overcharges.... nickel & dime you to death!
Being a SPG member does nothing for you here... Sheraton, Wyndham, etc. hotels don't care about their clients, just the money! 
-It's a beautiful hotel with comfortable beds but that's all you get!
Bottom line - come prepared to pay cause it'll burn a hole in your wallet!Centrally located in the city if New Orleans, this towering hotel offers more than a place to stay. It has great rooms, amenities, and is within stumbling blocks to the famous French Quarter. Most importantly, it is dog friendly. Although the closest patch of grass is about five blocks away. Nonetheless, walking on the streets of New Orleans is an adventure. There is no self parking but, the valet parking garage is across a lesser traveled side street and the valet attendants will allow one to go get anything forgotten from the car. Nice folks. The service here is top notch. Everyone has a welcoming demeanor and seems genuinely happy that there are guests in the hotel. The concierge is extremely knowledgeable and like any good citizen of the city knows all the unpublished quirks. Like which are some of the more unsavory places to avoid. Good hotel, great service, great location.The hotel is conveniently located to the action of New Orleans and touristy areas. The trolley will easily get you to other great parts of New Orleans. 
Overall the hotel was a great size, the rooms were spacious and clean, modern and comfortable. I was very sad to know there as no free wifi offered. The room key didn't work well, the tv also didn't work too well. I had to play around with both to get them to work. The shower could be updated, the water pressure wasn't so great. I might try somewhere else next time I visit. The price didn't quite seem worth it.Not bad at all, especially for our $115 group rate.
Was in town for the Mardi Gras Marathon at the end of Feb.  
Some pluses:  
* Decent location.  Plus you can see this 50 story building from pretty much anywhere in the French Quarter.   A highly useful navigational feature for your typical New Orleans visitor.
* Super friendly staff, including housekeeping, desk, and bell staff.  I also got the impression that this is a general New Orleans thing, and not just because the Saints finally won.
* Nice bed (was on SPG Preferred Guest Floor), and even nicer view.
Some minuses:
* Hallways and other public areas were a little beat up looking.  Then again, Mardi Gras had ended the week before.
* Somebody said the carpet smelled like dirty feet.  I didn't choose to verify this observation.this is a nice, clean hotel with quite a few pluses, but it's basically convention city.  it's located right on Canal, and is very convenient to the Quarter and other areas, but there's something slightly stale about the place which makes it a 3-star (3.5 stars if i could) hotel.  breakfast buffet was very good, staff is friendly, and the bar downstairs has the biggest tv screen i've seen, ever.  i just think there are other more interesting places to stay that feel a bit more intimate than the Sheraton.  if you want the big convention-type place centrally-located, and you can get a good rate, this place is perfect.  however, if you're looking for something more intimate and not so crowded, avoid this place at all costs.  i would recommend to friends, and would stay again without reservation, but if i had a choice, i'd go elsewhere.This is a wonderful hotel and I would highly recommend it. I was worried at first, since the hotel is located on canal street, but it is safe and the rooms, the staff, and the club room are all amazing. The club room is fantastic! The food selection is large and each night the dinner has been delicious and something I would have otherwise bought at a restaurant. Vladana works in the Club Lounge and while all of the staff in the club lounge were great, Vladana was wonderful and really went above and beyond to make sure we had a great club experience and overall a great experience at the hotel. The rooms are the perfect size and the toiletries they provide are above average. They even provide mouthwash and a loofah. The location of the hotel is great for exploring new orleans as it is right by the French quarter and warehouse district, and it's easy to catch the trolley and the bus. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel.Stayed here for a weekend, it's a good location. Guest services were good, fast, and they initially has us on the 10th floor, I asked for a higher floor and they put us on the 27th floor. The view was amazing. The only issue I had is the 40/ night valet parking.Nice clean modern centrally located in the French quarter of New Orleans. Very short walk to bourbon street and the casinos. Friendly staff and very welcoming bar area. The rooms are very nice and standard Sheriton fashion. We stayed on the 36th floor which gave a wonderful view of the French quarter through a giant floor-to-ceiling window. Room was very clean and modern.
The only issue we had during our stay was the valet parking. They had no Self Park so we opted for the valet parking. It was $40 which seemed expensive but it is a major city. The problem that we had was it took over a half hour to get our car. It was 8 AM and they were not busy. We asked why there were several other customers that arrived after we did getting their cars and we were told that overnight guests have their cars put in a parking lot five blocks away. We were told not to call ahead from our room. If you valet expect at least a half an hour and plan that into your dayI'll say this is a very nice, modern motel.  The Lobby and bar area are very well decorated with a monster TV for cool sports viewing.  The location couldn't be better; close to other hotels and Bourbon St.  The downside is that it is very expensive ($270/night) and $43/night for parking.  ARE YOU KIDDING??  Also....is it really necessary to charge $9.99/night for in-room internet.  Good Grief!!   I would definitely stay here again....if someone else was paying for it.Clean rooms with tall windows for great views. Only a few blocks away from Bourbon. Valet parking is very high, but a few parking garages within couple blocks fix that. The bar drinks are expensive ($22.50) for two small mixed drinks.Nice hotel, good sized rooms and not too far from Bourbon street. My main complaint is what a joke the pool was. We walked all the way up there to find a hot tub size "pool". Especially when across the way we could see at the Roosevelt hotel their ridiculously epic looking pool. I was so jealous.The hotel was nice and clean. Service was good. The beds comfy. Close to Bourbon street. Would stay here again.Relatively nice lobby bar, where they serve Gardetto's. Yum! However... The glassware is not clean - lipstick and spots abound.  Eeeew! Plus, the staff is less than friendly to patrons.I had a girls trip arranged for 11 ladies to stay at the Sheraton for Mardi Gras weekend. Within 1 hour of checking in the fire alarm went off and all were I formed to evacuate and use stairs only. I was on the 21st floor. Upon evacuation it was deemed an all clear. Day 2 housekeeping showed up and rather than clean up she simply left clean towels on the counter and asked me to pick up the dirty ones and hand to her. I requested she empty the trash and she complied and left the empty trash can in the middle of the floor. I spoke with the front desk and the woman returned to my door and called us bitches out aloud. Management eventually came to our room to apologize and comped our breakfast; however, this is nothing like other sheratons I've stayed at.Great resolution by Manager Patrick Smith.  My room key did not work due to a front desk mistake - I arranged a check out time past noon to meet my transit to the airport.  Mr. Smith astutely assessed the difficulty his staff had in getting my room re-keyed in a reasonable time and arranged an airport ride for me to make my flight.  The hotel staff was overwhelmed with hosting fans from a Wrestling Mania convention - the lobby atmosphere was beyond maniacal.   Elevators took 10-15 minutes to get from rooms to lobby.  Security was kept busy with wrestling fan exuberance.  Upon being locked out, maids called the front desk to save time, but bringing a key involved security, so the process took 40 minutes.  I missed my original airport ride.  I have had great stays at this hotel and plan to stay here on my next visit.  Mr. Smith's quick thinking and resolve to maintain the Sheraton standard make me glad to recommend this hotel to friends.ok first i'm going to give the GOOD because what i appreciated about this property highly outweighs the BAD.  
Major props to the Sheraton NOLA for ACCEPTING Pets and WITHOUT requiring a deposit.  We have a perfectly trained and groomed("SHOW GIRL") who has stayed in many hotels and never requires "sanitation" upon departure.  It always chaps my hide when hotels require us to pay a deposit(in upwards of $100.00) to leave the room CLEANER than it was when we checked in(i'm OCD and travel with my own cleaning products).  
check in went smooth, and the bellmen were extra nice("That One" was very chatty and asked them a million questions, they even appeared to be interested and impressed with her inquisition.)
we stayed on the 18th floor.  upon arriving to the room, i was kinda bummed by the outdated decor.  they could stand to upgrade the televisions if nothing else.  the linens also seemed a little worn, but alas, fresh and clean.  
the view was lovely, and no noise could be heard.  
this morning at checkout, i was able to take in the lobby a little better.  there is a starbucks(didn't get any as i was holding out for a Cafe Au Lait at Cafe Dumonde).  Large lobby area that was decorated nicely for the holidays.  
the bummers: as previously mentioned, charge for WIFI, and the parking is $30.00!!!  
our rate was $89.00, so without having to pay an outrageous pet fee...the charges were not majorly annoying.  but i just don't understand $30.00 for parking!!Located near everything in NOLA.  The best part of the hotel is the exercise room that is open 24 hours with lots of equipment.Mediocre hotel for the high price. The furniture is old, the carpets are worn, the ice machines on several floors don't work, they charge for Internet after they tell you it's free, the concierge was closed on a Friday night, the high-tech elevators stop working occasionally, we had no dial tone in t he room for a while, and the plumbing in the bath isn't put together right. But it beats camping on Canal Street.We came to New Orleans for the French Quarter Fest and wanted a nice hotel in the middle of everything and so we picked the Sheraton on Canal Street.  The hotel is tall so you can spot it almost anywhere when you are on foot and be able to find your way back!  Especially after a spending a bar hopping on Bourbon Street :)
The Sheraton is clean and the rooms are very nice.  The bar area on the main floor is a great place to gather and the hotel staff are all very friendly with the exception of one lady who works at the information desk near Starbucks.  When you dislike your job or if you are just a nasty person in general then you shouldn't be working with the public.  It seems most of the people we spoke to said she is rather unpleasant.  I would have given 5 stars if we didn't have such a nasty experience with her.  
The front desk gave me a late check out which was wonderful!  When checking in make sure you ask for a Mississippi River view!  It is amazing :)
Each morning you will receive a coupon under your hotel room door for $5 dollars off for breakfast in the hotel cafe.  We saved ours up and used them all in one morning.  The yogurt parfait is really good! 
I will most definitely be back!i was looking for a hotel downtown and ended up booking my reservations through priceline and got a fantastic deal!
The location is great! it's right across the street from the french quarter, and the riverwalk, aquarium, casino and arts/warehouse district. are within walking distance. There is a starbucks in the building and a pjs coffee shop close by.
One of the best features of the hotel is that they have a free internet/computer center next to the bar with at least 10 computers to use. The internet is totally free! you just have to put in your last name and room number to verify that you're a guest and theres always a computer available. 
The rooms were decent, always clean but a little old. Definitely not the nicest i've stayed in. They could use some updating. Had a view of the mississippi river which was beautiful. Housekeeping was great. Left my toothbrush at home, when i called the front desk they sent one up in less than 5 min.
The only reason why i didn't give this hotel more stars was because the walls are paper thin. I could hear the couple next door watching tv and talking on one side and a baby crying on the other. I didn't spend that much time in the room so it wasn't a huge issue for me.
I would definitely stay here again! especially for the price!I can only review the Sheraton based on their events. I've been here the past three years for the Ochsner holiday party. Each year I seem to be less and less impressed.   The staff is very very nice, from the people greeting you when you walk in the door, to the bartenders and the servers. The food itself has been the same mediocre food every year. They have mini muffelattas, a pasta bar that's pretty bland, spinach dip, and some sort of prime rib something or other. It has never not been overly hot. 
That being said, the dance floor is a great size and really centrally located which is nice. The bathrooms are kept clean and there doesn't ever seem to be too much of a line.there were nice things about the sheraton... nice hallways, nice views, courteous service.  there were also not so nice things... $10 extra for workout room, no hot tub.  it was alright.Man, whatever minor flaws the Sheraton has, you simply can't ask for a better location than this -- perfect location in the French Quarter, and several of the rooms have beautiful river views.
This Sheraton does pinch pennies in unexpected ways (ie; paying extra to use the gym, valet), but in my opinion the biggest detractor is the ridiculous elevator system. Rather than stepping into any elevator car and selecting a floor, you pick a floor and the automated system assigns you a car; the elevators don't have any floor buttons inside. This system works fine at non-peak times, but I was here on a Saturday during a conference, and we waited an average of 15 minutes for our elevator car to come, and even then we had to wait for another car since some were simply too full. It's totally crazy and inefficient.I wish I could rate individual aspects of this hotel, my score would be very different.
Let me say the reason my rating is so low is soley due to the $42 a night valet charge. That is utterly ridiculous! Because we paid that much for parking we refused to park anywhere else in the city because that wouuld tack on an additional parking fee. We either walked or caught a taxi which wasn't bad because this hotel is centrally located.
We stayed on the 38th floor with a river view. The view was perfect. The staff was perfect and the $10 free Starbucks voucher put a smile on my face during checkout.
We needed an umbrellas on one of the nights and I didn't even have to ask, it was offered on my way out. Had a drink at the bar and took it to my room to enjoy with the viewFrom the moment we walked in, the staff has been very pleasant. The rooms and bathroom are very clean and neatly organized. The pillows are AMAZINGLY SOFT!!Stayed here in June 2014 for conference. Worst experience due to major construction, elevators down for 2 days and management not being forthcoming about situation. Very disappointing.Several people across this poorly run staff have made my stay here completely horrible. First of all, they charged me $400 "accidentally" to my checking account- this is after I had paid for my stay in advance and was told explicitly upon check-in that I would only be charged $50 for incidentals (which would go away after I afew days). 
So no- I had to spend several hours on my first morning in New Orleans on phone with the very helpful people at Chase and the very not-so-helpful people at the Sheraton. All they had to do was fax a statement to Chase telling them to release the $400. They said it would be back in my account in 6 hours. TWO DAYS go by and Chase tells me that they didn't even receive a fax from them. I'm still in the process of getting my money back. 
In the meantime, I've spoken to about 6 Sheraton employees about this situation- How many times did I hear a "I'm sorry about our mistake"TL;DR - Decent hotel convenient to all the touristy spots
Had an uneventful stay - used mostly for sleeping in between partying so I'll just list a few things people should know.
1) 10-15min safe walk to both Bourbon Street and Jackson Square
2) Parking costs 40 bucks a day for unlimited in and out privileges
3) Wifi is not free **minus one star***
4) Rooms are slightly on smaller side.  Double beds can fit 2 medium sized guys but not comfortably.  
5) No fridge in the room but you can rent one for 10 bucks
I'd stay there again for sure.  But if there's a cheaper hotel down the road, I'd go there.Skip this hotel for a while- unless you don't mind paying $200+ a night for a room with LOUD construction sounds coming from right next door, all day long & rude staff that simply say "NO room changes available" when you call to discuss.  Very disappointing for a Starwood hotel.Not the best with group reservations and some of our folks had issues with the maid service. However, I felt the staff were really friendly. I had to have my keycard fixed every damn day because it was de-magnetized despite my efforts to keep it by itself and in the 'protective sleeve'. Very centrally located and the bar area has tons of free computers for guests and a huge projection screen for watching sports!Solid hotel in an excellent spot.
Room was clean, a bit on the smaller side, but the floor to ceiling window was great.
Bathroom was nice with good toiletries.  I prefer a stand alone shower , this had a tub but I know why.
We were on the 47 floor and water pressure was great.
Full service bar in the lobby gets very busy, but staff seems to handle it well.
We did the concierge floor which was great for breakfast.  Also offered water, juice and coffee all day. It was a great place to plan the day or wind down.
The fitness center was great!  Truly the largest hotel gym I've ever seen.  Great equipment including free weights.  The cooled towels were a nice touch.
They push green initiatives here so unless you tell them, your room won't be cleaned until your 3rd night...we asked for ever day cleaning and it wasn't an issue.
Location was perfect!!  Walking distance to Bourbon and surrounding areas.  A bit further but also walking distance to the pier, Jackson Square and shopping.  
Overall a great stay off of Bourbon and I'll stay again.Attended my 3rd Essence Festival. Went with girlfriends, 8 of us. Loved this hotel, very live and staff friendly. Centrally located to everything downtown.  Bourbon St, Canal St, stadium, and convention center.  New Orleans is a great city and visiting local friends made this trip even more enjoyable.  Can't wait tell next year.Pelican Lounge is the hotel restaurant and has a promising menu, however I only had the opportunity to try the Bayoubaise during lunch. The soup was very flavorful though a bit salty, and the shrimps seemed frozen.  The bloody mary was spicy and delicious (as most I've tried in New Orleans have not disappointed). Only miller lite and abita amber on draft but full bar and tvs allover with nice space and lounge area. Pretzel mix goes great with every drink and holds you down while you wait for food (and/or friends).My wife and I stayed at this hotel while in town for the Jazz Fest. This hotel is absolutely beautiful! There's a restaurant and bar on the inside, as well as Starbucks and FedEx. The staff is super friendly and very professional. If you go to the restaurant ask for Geo. He's the best waiter there! He's friendly, fast, and he's a local so he'll give you the great recommendations to get the biggest bang for your buck. The food is good too. Be advised, the portions are very large!
Our room was very nice and clean. We had a king size bed and it was super comfy! 
The hotel is located within walking distance to Bourbon Street. We pretty much walked every except the festival.
I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're in the area. It's a tad bit expensive, but worth the money. I'm sure it's cheaper when they're isn't an event happening. 
Side note: There is city and state tax and you have to pay for parking.PROS:  Close to French Quarter and can walk anywhere
Fitness area (didn't use but was extensive)
Can mail postcards from lobby
Revolving door
(kinda stretching things eh??)
CONS: DIRTY
Bed sheets and blankets- stained and dirty
Floor and fixtures- dusty and dirty
Ice bucket- moldy and dirty
No concierge area (seriously??  in this city??)  Had to wait for line at front desk to ask any basic questions.
TV did not work appropriately (wouldn't switch channels, have to press button like 10 times and sometimes wait minutes.  We were told the TV had a "delay".  Even switched remotes.)
Flooded toilet-- no mop, only towels used to clean the floor.
Only asked for the room to be cleaned one morning- never happened.
AC doesn't go below 65 and would randomly switch from high to low fan.
Expensive beers (only order two at $9.00 each)
Overall I might stay here again if only for the location.My stay at the Sheraton was fairly decent with some set backs. In general, this location is much better appointed  and better staffed then their other locations, which was a big plus during my stay here. 
My suite had a lovely view. It featured a large kitchen area (with full sink and mini bar), as well as a large couch. Only problem was with the bath tub that wouldn't drain and door that wouldn't close. Although maintenance had said they fixed the problems, the door still had to be slammed to shut. 
Service was very good throughout the hotel. In particular, Renee at the concierge desk was extremely helpful in providing grade A restaurant suggestions during my stay. 
One point that did upset me, was during the last night of my stay, a large fraternity was booked on the same floor as my family. We were woken up to the TV on full blast, screaming, and the noises of fraternity brothers throwing up. YUCK!
Perhaps this hotel could be more conscious as to where they put these large parties? I think so.
Overall, I would absolutely return to this hotel, as I think there was serious potential to make my three star stay a five star one.I was here for a conference and found the hotel to be a pleasant surprise for the most part.  Check-in was super fast and easy.  I asked for a quiet room and was given a room facing the river on the 36th floor.  It was indeed quiet.  We ordered room service twice and it was perfectly fine--not fantastic but timely and decent.  The location of the hotel is on Canal Street and the French Quarter is across the street which means that everything is very convenient.  I wasn't impressed by the concierge.  I asked if they sold streetcar passes and she told me "we never have and never will."  She also gave me bad walking directions to the WWII museum.  Would I stay here if not for the conference?  Probably not but it's fine if you are there for a work event.I get why people are down on this hotel.  It tends to be crowded, the decor (apart from the lobby, which is impressive enough) is drab and dated, and the beds are a little small.  However, I think that is more than compensated for by the fact that the room rates here are fairly reasonable, the location is excellent, the hotel is generally clean, and service is pretty good.  Also, the gym here is outstanding for a hotel gym, and wifi appears to be free (at least it was for me on this trip, but I may have found a loophole in the system).  Food is pretty expensive (the breakfast buffet was around $25, for example), but there are plenty of decent food alternatives in the area.L'hotel  bello ma non puoi fare pagare $ 41 per ogni giorno di parcheggio e nemmeno puoi fare pagare la connessione wi-fi $12. Siamo arrivati alle ore 15,30 ma la stanza non era pronta: mi  stata consegnata alle 18.00. Non lo consiglio.I stayed here for Mardi Gras 2018, so I imagine my experience would be different if it weren't during such a busy time. Overall my experience was decent but not great for the cost of our stay. We had a city view room but the room needed updating. The tub was old and had a nasty bath mat to cover the bottom...gross. Our first room didn't have a working tv and a slow draining sink; but they quickly moved us once notified. Also, they called us to send complimentary wine and fruit for a birthday gift, but then never actually delivered. I assume the kitchen got backed up because my mother never got the food she ordered either. Again, my stay was okay...but I recommend finding a nicer hotel for the price.I absolutely love staying here. The rooms are awesome and the service is impeccable. They always ask if we're celebrating an event. The first time we came was after our wedding and they had wine delivered to our room and this time we were here for my teen daughter's birthday and they sent up treats for her and her friend. So sweet.Hotel security alarm went off last night due to malfunctions. Were told to evacuate, then told not to. Employees made several disjointed announcements that were not professional and very disturbing. Also, no water from 12-3 & I have to leave at 4. Do you want a flight attendant who can't wash her hands after using the toilet? (Forget about a shower!)Really nice hotel in a fantastic location in the FQ.  Walking distance to Bourbon St, the Canal Shops, and the beginning of the St Charles street car line - perfect for a newbie tourist like myself!  The hotel was reasonably priced at $169 a night if you ask me.  I was here for a business conference and I think they overbooked, because check in took forever and they had to keep going into the back room to "find clean and empty rooms."  But as it turns out, I was put on the 31st floor with a gorgeous FQ view (which I'm sure are the more expensive rooms not meant for conference attendees at the cheap-o rate).
The room itself was large, clean, and had a nice flat screen tv.  Working late one night, I ordered room service for dinner, and it came in under a half hour and was reasonably priced (a salad and a grilled chicken sandwich for $30 incl delivery charge/tip - could be worse).  The high speed internet comes with a fee, which I always hate at these types of places - a $70/night Best Western gives you free internet!  The fitness center was also $10 per day to use which was upsetting, but at least it was nice and big with around 6 treadmills, 6 cross trainers, a wide array of machines and several benches with lots of free weights.  I can't tell you how many hotels I've stayed at where the "fitness center" is the size of a closet with one treadmill and one stationary bike.
Two things that did piss me off a little.  Firstly, we were supposed to get a breakfast before the conference every morning, in the common area on the 5th floor by the escalators.  That amounted to bagels and cream cheese, beignets, coffee, and juice.  Except by 8:30 they were already in "clean-up" mode.  The first morning I was up early and grabbed myself breakfast without a problem.  Of course, after *ahem* staying up late *ahem* the following nights, there was no way I was getting up early for my 9AM meetings, so I missed out on the breakfast.  If the conference doesn't start til 9AM, they should at least wait until 9:30 before taking away breakfast!  Secondly, on the first night of the conference, there was a reception with drinks and hors d'oeuvres at the lounge on the second floor from 6-8PM.  Mind you this conference I was at was pretty large, likely over a thousand people.  I got to the lounge at around 6:20, and already practically all of the hors d'oeuvres were gone!  Even if it was just some small bites and cheeses and crudites, I was looking forward to some food after a long day of meetings!  I ordered my one free beer, stood around waiting for the food to be replenished, and it never was. . .cheap-o!Really, really cheap amenities for a hotel with a theoretically stellar reputation. The soap wrapper says "SOAP." Ditto shampoo and lotion. Flimsy toilet paper, of the sort you might find at the 99 cent store. Thin walls: I could hear the person next door taking a shower. Grimy, grimy bathtub, though housekeeping knocked at 8:30 a.m., - while I was still sleeping - saying the room had to be cleaned then. Television was iffy, and had nothing other than news channels. Nice night-time view of the lights on Canal Street.Okay, this is supposed to be a Sheraton hotel, so you would expect descent service right? Well do NOT expect it if you stay here. Even SPG status means nothing. The front desk is incompetent, rude and completely disrespectful. The management is incompetent save one factor...they completely back up their staff, even when they are wrong and in need of the kind of leadership and training you would expect a manager to provide. Now to add insult to injury throw in the SPG corporate customer service. Equally incompetent and unable to help. They'll "open a case" and then immediately close it. This is because they are powerless to act autonomously to fix problems. They will just call the same hotel you have issue with and let the same people who failed to fix it in the first place "fix it" again. So bottom line nothing will get fixed, you will get screwed and go away mad. Please do not waste your time or money here. Read all the negative reviews and put yourself in these situations knowing that there is no help to be had. Consider yourself warned! Special one star rating and exceptionally poor service award to Josh Campbell...if anyone at SPG or Sheraton actually reads this and cares one iota about customer service, Mr. Campbell needs a stern talking to, more training, a demotion and should be put on double secret probation. He is NOT AN ASSET TO THE HOTEL OR THE SHERATON NAME!We stayed at the Sheraton on Canal Street for 3 nights and everything was amazing!  Check in was great, we asked and received a mini refrigerator (to store medicine) and it was brought to our room very quickly and the young man gave us some great suggestions about getting around the town! The breakfast was amazing and the staff was amazing!  They do have sugar free syrup for the wonderful french toast but the best was the sweetest lady making your personal omelette! She was friendly and her omelettes were perfect!  
The entire staff was very friendly and very accommodating!  The Concierge staff are ALL exceptional!  They gave us great suggestions and recommendations and the gentleman that suggested the Picayune Social House was spot on! We told him what we were looking for and he gave us a couple suggestions and we  picked the closer one and WOW!  It was a great place for dinner!  The wonderful woman made our reservations for one of the tours of the city.  
The room was large, comfortable and clean!  No problems at all!  The view was amazing and by the way we were on the 44th floor!  The elevators are great!  We loved the way they function!  The bathroom was clean and well stocked with personal items and big fluffy towels!  
The bar is front and center with great seating.... and the beverages were good too!  
We needed to use the FedEx shipping office (on property) while we were there and the service was amazing!  They did it all and I received an email with tracking number and picture of receipt!  No hassle at all!  
This Sheraton is centrally located and almost everyplace you want to go and see is an easy walk.  All the busses and trolley cars stop really close too so no worries of you having to walk very far from the stop.  
My one regret.... I didn't get everyone's name!  They were ALL super amazing, super friendly and super hosts!  
We would recommend this Sheraton and will stay here again.A nice overall place.  Clean,  comfortable beds.  Knowledgeable staff, very friendly. 
Great location to everything and near the a trolley stop. 
It's the other things that make me not want to come back. You can hear everything.  The doors do nothing to keep the noise out. The ice machine is about 15 feet our so from our room but every time someone used it I felt like it was in our room.  It was that loud. When someone knocks on a room near ours I felt like it was our room they were knocking on. Can hear nearly every conversation. No fridge. Would free wifi be so bad? The shower has no pressure and it goes from hot to cold and back without doing anything.  Hard to take a shower.I like this hotel -- its location in New Orleans positions you for all kinds of restaurants and clubs within walking distance.  The room was clean and although I did avoid the "upsell" on the river view room, the price was good for not making a reservation.  My main complaint?  33 bucks for valet parking!!!!!  33 bucks?? per night??!?!?!  And they ask for tips when you get your car --- seriously?  here's a tip:  stop screwing us over for valet parking.  So, although I like the hotel and its location, you pay for that convenience:  location, location, location.
of course, there are other hotels and cheaper pricing.  But none of them are in the French Quarter and have even worse parking options.
Anyhow, great hotel, great location, not so awesome parking options.Firstly, I was charged for three rooms when I only asked for one. I had a $2800 charge to my Amex before even arriving to the property. I was upgraded after the snafu, checked in, received a key only to find the room extremely dirty and unkempt. There was no real apology offered simply a room to shower in. Upon checkout, there was never a f/up and or a check in to see how we were. I am extremely disappointed. I asked for a copy of my folio and also never received. I will not be coming back to a starwood property. It's been three weeks since i checked out and no one has returned my call nor email.The lobby is pretty and inviting. The front desk representative Terrell C was very professional, accommodating and extremely welcoming as I checked in at midnight. 
My room appeared clean although it had a mildew smell. No free WiFi for guest, no free entry into the workout facility and or pool area. I had the breakfast buffet for 25.00 that was TOTALLY not worth it. No variety, food was cold even my made to order omelette. One benefit, they have a real Starbucks inside the hotel on the main floor.
I'm a member of SPG but I probably would pass on staying at this location again.Pros:
Great location!
Friendly staff
Hotel itself very nice
Cons
Air conditioner in our room did not cool good at all.  
Expensive parking - $37 each day
Took the valet about 20 mins to bring my car back.Highlight of the stay, if I recall correctly this was the hotel that we bumped into Larry King at the gym. YES, Larry King wears his black glasses, red suspenders to the gym too! I can't really remember but believe he was in a white wifebeater or top and shorts with track shoes. Quite a fashion statement I must say :p You'd take a 2nd look at him even if you didn't know who he is.
Great location, close to the convention center and walking distance to Bourbon St! For a Sheraton, the rooms were a tad expensive... but then again, it could have been because we were booking rather last minute. Anyhow, had a fabulous time in New Orleans and location couldn't have been better. Had a really enjoyable stay at Sheraton.Stayed here the weekend of the Rock N Roll Marathon (2/22 - 2/26). Got a great rate via Hotwire a couple weeks before the trip. Per TripAdvisor tips, I asked for a higher floor/better view than the 19th floor room I was offered. Larry at the front desk put me and my friend into a penthouse corner suite (Governors/Carondelet) for the same (Hotwire) price. His amazing service made my trip. Staff was also quick with rollaway bed request, and then walked me over to laundry closet to pick up a couple more pillows. Even bill snafu at checkout was quickly remedied.
Great location at bottom of Canal, across from Chartres St/the Quarter, couple blocks to casino, 5 min walk to CBD, 10 min walk to Cochon/Root etc in Warehouse District. Streetcar right out front.
Had first class service the entire trip. Will definitely be back (and will ask for Larry lol).The hotel is sufficient but the service is very slow. And the kicker is they don't seem to care. We had a meeting for two days here and the wifi barely works.Some friends and I stayed here for during the Essence Music Festival during the first week in July. The hotel was very busy but still maintained a level of professionalism that you would expect from the Sheraton. Our rooms were on the 32nd floor with great river views. The first day we had an issue with the water being off temporarily due to construction but that didnt last long and it was pretty much smooth sailing for the duration of our weekend trip. The rooms were clean and room service was great. The elevators were a bit confusing with the room floor buttons being on the outside of the elevator but you would get the hang of it. Just like other yelpers report, the location of the Sheraton was great. Its not too far from the action but when you're ready for that peacefulness you will get it at this hotel. We had no problems sleeping with so much activities going on that weekend. I would definitely stay at the Sheraton again.Ok hotel.  Like others said, the draw here is that its close enough to the debauchery of New Orleans, but still far enough away that you're not basically shitting in your own backyard. The walk to Bourbon Street is safe.   The hotel is also close to a Walgreens and a CVS, which I thought was a good convenience. 
Room was ok as well.  Kind of dingy.  Not dirty, but you could tell that the carpet had seen better days.  But, it's probably hard to keep a hotel in New Orleans sparkling clean, because of all the drunk 21 year olds.
Elevator system I actually liked.  Some people on here complain about it, but you press your floor before and it assigns you an elevator.  The draw here is that you're not stopping on every singe floor to get to your floor.  it's like the express route.
Gym could use work.  No one expects a lot from a hotel gym.  It was spacious, but didn't really have a diversity of equipment.  I'd rather have a smaller gym with more equipment than a warehouse with 10 treadmills. 
I did have one room service issue with the hotel.  The management was nice to work with and correct the issue.This hotel was actually the best price I could find in the area, so I had low expectations-- but they were far exceeded! The lobby was very nice, I was able to check in very early, the rooms were clean and thoughtful (look closely-- the outlets are hard to spot but they are there!), the staff was kind, and the views were great.  But the real key is location!  Overall I was pretty pleased.  Not truly a 5-star hotel so I feel that I can't give it that, but for what it is, it really excels.Booked this hotel on Hotwire and got a really nice deal. It was very clean and smelled nice, which is refreshing when coming in from the streets. They have someone check room keys late at night which made me feel really safe. Check in and check out was quick and simple. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. For example both of my friends forgot a tooth brush and they both revived complementary bags with a toothbrush, toothpaste, mouthwash, and floss! The concierge drew us a map for the trolley and even told us the best spots to get on. The location is perfect, just far enough from bourbon to be peaceful, but close enough that walking home after dark wasn't sketchy for tourists. Easy walking distance to everything in the French quarter! And the view from our window was to die for! I would definitely book here again. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because our shower leaked literally the whole time we were there. No big deal, we didn't spend much time in the room anyways. I would also recommend a little better lighting, as it's hard to do your makeup with the lamp lighting in the room.We chose this hotel because it was "dog friendly". They did in fact allow dogs... nice start. With a fee... ok, if we must. We quickly found out that there's one thing they don't tell you (even upon me calling and confirming they were dog friendly, as I'd never traveled with a dog before)... you can't actually leave your dog in the room unattended. 
Every prearranged plan I had made for my weekend in New Orleans had to be changed because who thinks to ASK in advance, "When you say 'your animal can stay here', do you really mean 'your animal can only sleep here'". But we had prepaid, so we were stuck. We spent the 100 degree weekend at ONLY outdoor bars and restaurants.
This hotel needed to make PLAN ALTERING rules like this abundantly clear. I don't know what I would have done if I would have had tickets to a show or tour that were non-refundable. Disaster.I had my wedding there a few months ago. Events team are so slow with getting back with you. Horrible response time.  It took weeks to get the contract signed. They were supposed to take the payments out throughout the year, per the contract, and the team forgot so I had to last minute send a wire for the total balance. Food tasting went great to bad it wasn't the same quality of food we were served at the actual reception. 
Was promised a ride to our dock for the honeymoon and concierge was beyond rude and told me he had no idea what I was talking about. 
Severs and check-in desk were so nice. Hotel room itself was beautiful as well as decorations. Despite all, and I mean ALL, the mistakes they made - my family still made it great. But I will never have an event there again and don't recommend anyone else to either. I went again for the NBMBAA conference and so many guests complained about how unorganized the hotel was - Events team needs to hire more people and communicate more with the retail team. 
Lastly, I addressed these concerns with mgmt. and they told me I should have said something during the wedding activities - so basically my fault. 
Lesson learned - hope this review helps someone make a better decision. 
I tried to be as unbiased as possible in writing this to address the good and bad FACTS only.This hotel was more than we expected. Great location steps to the waterfront and French Quarter. Exceptional bedding and sheets, rich decor in the room and pet friendly.  It was upscale and the lobby felt successful with center gathering area. The painted piano with Dog and beads was a welcoming sign for our posh poochie. 
We loved staying here that we decided to book another night. Only reason we dropped 1 star is due to the unexpected overnight park rate of $46+tax.  We opted for pay by phone in enclosed garage at the Whitney a block away for $30 complete.  It was overlighted and safe and self park so no issue with bump/scratch with keys away from us.They allow dogs in the hotel...even dogs who bark throughout the night. That's ridiculous. So tired. Other than that, the hotel is fine. It looks old, the bathtub backs up, carpet looks dirty.Great location right on canal street! Valet only and you have to let them bring up your bags. I was kinda pissed that I couldn't bring up my own luggage but after seeing how friendly and easy going the staff were I did not mind tipping them. Come in and relax you are in the Big Easy!! Room was on the 12th floor and had a great view of the Mississippi river. Everyone was very helpful and I really wish I could of checked out the pool on the 8th floor, I hear its heated and awesome!! Really wish they could have cheaper parking for the guests!! I already paid to stay here and there is no parking in the french quarter so they automatically think they have the ability to charge 36 a night but hey who am I!! I would stay here again!There really isn't anything bad about this hotel but I'm giving it 3 stars based on the fact that I think it was a solid 3-star experience. It's not a luxury hotel brand like the Ritz or Four Seasons, so I think 3 stars is just about right.
The hotel lobby was almost always crowded due to the fact that there were several conferences going on. Check-in was a breeze and the receptionist was friendly. The concierge was also friendly and helpful. Our room was clean and it overlooked the entire Canal St which was really nice. The hallway is clean too although it looked a little dated.
The elevator can be really slow so make sure you bring some patience with you, but I guess there's really no rush if you're in NOLA to have a good time, right? I don't really get the Sheraton's elevator system though. Seems like they wanted it to be more high tech and you key in the floor you'd like to go to when you call for the elevator, and then a voice tells you which elevator car you should take. Once inside the elevator there is no number pad for you to select the floors. So make sure you select your floor before entering an elevator so that it knows to go to your floor before you get in.
The location really is fantastic. It's at the fringe of the French Quarter so we still got to go there everyday and still got to be away from the rowdiness of Bourbon St. It's also walking distance to the Warehouse District where the art galleries and many amazing restaurants are located. Nearby is also the St Charles streetcar line that you can take to the Garden District.
The Sheraton is also one of the few taller hotels in New Orleans since everywhere we walked we saw it from a distance. You really can't go wrong with this hotel if you're looking for a typical 3-star hotel, though the next time we return, we'd be interested to check out other hotels in the area to see how they compare.I'm tempted to give the Sheraton 2 stars, but I got a great deal on a weekend stay and I could see the NOLA skyline and the Mississippi river from my floor-to-ceiling windows, so why be stingy on the stars? It's a great location on Canal St., not in the middle of the French Quarter but definitely a short walking distance from everything. Service was a bit slow... we had to request that they replace the towels, and the elevators could be slow and erratic at best during high traffic hours. They do have a pool that is ok when not crowded (usually early in the morning), and a Starbucks on the first floor for us caffeine addicts. Overall it's a nice place to stay if you just plan to sleep there after a long day of fun in NOLA, especially if you can get a good deal on it.The 70's furniture is very worn and this is in the upgraded room they gave me because the first one was so bad. The bed squeaks. The manager wouldn't let me go to another hotel with out having to pay for one night here even though I requested it within the first hour of check in. Do your self a favor and look some where else.Edit(Brandi) to the rescue. Finally, received some consideration from Brandi and found the issue to be with policy between Hotel and Expedia. Changing my rating based on experience with proactive management.
Sheraton Ultimatium Come or suffer!!!!!!!!
Here is a new twist, a rating before the stay. At this point I will have to give the Sheraton a negative rating because of the manager's decision not to allow me to cancel my room although it is for a medical reason.
My wife has an infection on her leg from an earlier out patient surgery and while it is being controlled by antibiotics the doctor has to keep reopening the wound. Now 1 month later the Dr. recommends admittance and a surgery to clean the wound but, I need to cancel this trip and while the Air line, the rental car place and expedia will allow this with medical letter, this Sheraton will not allow me to cancel and the manager is saying he will charge me the full $488.00 for the 3 night stay. So what they are saying is keep your trip and have your wife endure her status for another 3 or 4 weeks or get the surgery and we will gladly take your cash. I will update this post whatever the decision and you tell me it this place really cares about its patrons.My husband took me for a nice getaway for my birthday 2/2 and I had the greatest time at the Sheraton.  The service was superb and the associate who checked us in Zuriel was very professional and surprised me by sending chocolate covered strawberries that had Happy Birthday scripted in chocolate and a bottle of champagne.  I thought this was a wonderful touch and I have already decided that we will come here every year for my birthday.  Hopefully I will see Zuriel to say "thanks for making me feel special"!  I must also state that amenities are exceptional!  We will see you in Feb 2019!We Priceline'd this hotel and got a great rate.  They never treated us like we were different because we booked on Priceline.  Staff was excellent and our room and bed were VERY comfortable!  A/C worked good, too.We were caught in traffic going to New Orleans , didnt get there till almost 11pm, so we decided to call Sheraton that we will be late and they said our room is still reserved for us. When we checked in, the receptionist , Hadeel, she was nice but keep on walking back and forth , not saying anything. So we asked her if there was something wrong, because we were just standing there for maybe 15 mins, only to find out, no clean room. Finally we got a room but it was not the room we reserved and paid, they were giving us one king size bed, and we told her its not possible because there's three of us! She didnt do anything but instead said we can try ASKING for another room in the morning. We asked for the manager and sure enough, we stood there for a long time and no manager showed up. We decided to eat and went back to the hotel, this time we asked again for a room transfer. This time it was fast, the lady gave us our new room key. We entered the room, VIOLA!!! There are people in the room, clothes on the floor and im not going to say any details. It was AWEFUL AND EMBARASSING... They said they will give us a 75$ discount for the inconvenience, but in the end when we checked out , the lady said the manager needs to email expedia and then expedia might give us the refund!! So up to this point we are not sure if the manager whom we never met will work on that....I was here for a conference back in 2013, it was one of the nicest hotels I've ever been to. The lobby is magnificent. They have so much space and a really nice bar (unfortunately I was under 21 at the time). The view from the hotel is the best you'll get in New Orleans!Arrive and leave during peak hours. We arrived into New Orleans around 7PM on Saturday night. It was great, there weren't many people, as I assume that they had already checked in. You have to valet your car, unless you want to park at one of those other parking lots. We opted for the valet (about $30). 
We decided on Friday night to head out to New Orleans for Saturday and come back Sunday morning. So it was a last minute thing and to our surprise, we were able to book this hotel with ease, as well as an affordable price. The hotel itself was approximately $90. Taxes, plus the valet pushed our total to about $130 for the whole stay. What a deal! 
The front desk personnel was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and modern. We were on the 30th floor and had a view of the river. Even though we did not stay in the room for long, it was nice to have a decent view, as opposed to looking at nothing. Also, after a whole night of drinking, we were lucky to have a TALL hotel. We were lost and confused, but luckily, we were able to find the large red SHERATON letters on the hotel and walked towards that area. 
Once we woke up the next morning (check out is noon). We were able to check out with a machine in the hotel lobby. It was like one of those kiosk at the airports where you can print out your tickets. To be environmentally friendly, I opted for the paperless electronic copy of the bill, emailed to my address for my convenience. 
Leaving was really bad. Everyone was leaving around noon and I had to wait almost 20-25 minutes in line to give my ticket to the valet. After giving the ticket, it took another 30-40 minutes before my car arrived. (This is why I had to knock down one star). However, I know it is not their fault, but if they hired more employees, this could possibly have gone a little more smoother and quickly. But to our surprise, 2 hours later (2 PM), there were no cars. So my suggestion is either wait out 2 hours by eating around the local places (walking distance) or leave prior to noon. Your call...I am very pleased with our stay. I got the room fairly cheap through hotwire for 100 dollars through their option where you only can see how many stars and they reveal the room after. We got pretty lucky to pay 100 dollars for this room right on Canal street. I am definitely satisfied. The overnight parking is upwards 50 dollars. Wifi is free but it sucks lol but that's something minor. Birthday weekends commenceGreat location. Great bed.  Service is ok and the rooms are a little dated and worn. But who cares the beds are comfortable.  They have a Starbucks a restaurant and they are across from all the action.  If you are looking for Beignets, check out my review on the Beignet Cafe - they are close by and worth the walk  
I ordered room service. Gumbo is ok and the blackened red fish po boy was good. It was a little dry.  Wine glasses were tiny - like a shot glass of wine & pricey, but i guess you should expect some pricey items in this neighborhood.  We booked through Hotwire and got a great deal.  The valet parking was pricey, but they guys were great and attentive at getting my car when i needed it.
This is a terrific venue.You can only judge a hotel by the value and in my opinion this is way over rated, for 250 a night you get a very plain room with no fridge, no microwave and the worst pillows I've ever tried to sleep on, the view and location is the only good thing about this place, Wi-Fi is not free it's like 15 bucks a day, 50 bucks to park your car over night, the a.c. will not go lower than 68 degrees so it's pretty warm all the time, breakfast is not free it's 20 bucks.. it's really kinda ridiculous and the management needs to update these rooms and include parking, I parked 2 blocks away for 30 a day insteadThe room is nice minus the fact that there was no hot water for 2 days. Free Internet and parking would be nice too.I stayed at the Sheraton as part of a conference in the hotel. The conference was well done and they had plenty of room for this meeting of around 500 people.
Pros:
Rooms are clean, Breakfast buffet was decent. Nice fitness center. Great location near the French Quarter and in the Central Business districts. Close to many great restaurants. A/C in the room beat the NO heat.
Cons: 
Club level was kind of overrated. TV selection was meh. No free Internet. The new elevator system is strange, frustrating, and slow.
If you have to go it isn't too bad.Horrible experience! The reservation was under my sister's name and I tried to check in. They said she needed to call for me to check in. She called and they left her on hold for thirty minutes. I asked if I can use my phone to call her. They did not let me. I had to wait for her to arrive. Once she arrived, she then tried to check in. They said the rooms were still being cleaned. This was around 4 pm. Another person we knew came in after and they allowed him to check in. I then asked why they let him check in and not us. The desk told us that they didn't know. We had to wait a whole extra hour before checking in. They need to improve in their check in service.I loved everything about this hotel.
I think the beds are what did it. The beds... oh my. I can't put into words what the beds were like... Heaven?  yeah they were like heaven... i felt like i was laying down on a 750 Thread Count Cloud. The bed was huge the view was absolutely stunning and the bed! oh my god!
So this place is super close to all the touristy typical new orleany stuff. Getting back to the hotel after a long night of drinking is easy... During Mardi Gras its great cause they make you wear wrist bands to get in and out of the hotel... funny thing is, is that the wrist bands read something like: "I am staying at the Sheraton New Orleans Hotel" just in case you pass out on the street or something... And at mardi gras, trust. it's entirely possible.Two words:  Nightmare Experience.
I stayed at this hotel previously with a decent experience, so I'm disappointed to have to give such a negative review for my return stay. Bottom line, I will not be staying at this property ever again.
I was a guest at this property for a convention from 6/17/14 -6/20/14. Check-in was relatively quick - only issue there was the amount of hold they would place on my credit card for incidentals, so I opted to pay a cash deposit, which they assured was fully refundable upon checkout. (This fact will become relevant later in the review.)
The first night's stay was up to par with the typical large chain hotel. The final two nights were nothing short of a nightmare. A power outage in the building caused placed all but one high-rise elevator out of service (I was on the 47th floor.) Signs were placed on each floor that you had to text someone to call the sole working elevator to your floor. I was without television or air conditioning for five hours (June in NOLA is swampy, so this was an extreme inconvenience.) This continued until the moment I checked out, which was the absolute worst experience of the entire stay. By that time, the high-rise elevators were totally down. I had to walk down (from the 47th floor) 22 flights of stairs, WITH MY BAGS, to catch an actual working elevator to the lobby level. When I finally got down to the front desk to checkout and get my cash refund for the unused incidentals, the lines were snaking all across the lobby and my airport shuttle was waiting. I tried to catch one of the front desk agents to help me just get the cash refund so that I could make it to the airport in time, but her flippant response was, "You'll make your flight. The lines aren't that long. Just be patient." REALLY???
By the way, I have not yet been offered any concessions whatsoever for this horrific stay.
So, in a nutshell, feel free to come here if you really want insolent staff, impolite treatment, and the possibility that you will be walking up 47 flights of stairs just to make it to your substandard hotel room. Or, you can save the extra headache and choose many of the other delightful properties that New Orleans has to offer. The choice is yours. Me? I'll be at a non-Starwood property. Laissez les bon temps rouler.Stayed here for 3 nights 2 weeks ago. The hotel was in a good location and the valet/bell men were very nice. Some of the ladies (well, one in particular) at the front desk could use some customer service training. I enjoyed my stay at the Sheraton with the exception of the following...I arrived on Thursday. By Friday night I noticed 3 bites on my right calf. Didn't pay much attention to it. On Sunday I showed by friend and she said "OMG, those are bed bug bites". I've never seen bed bug bites before so I didn't know. I reported it to the manager so they could check the room out just in case it was bed bugs. She was nice and said they would call Orkin and contact me in a week with their findings. Haven't heard anything yet . After I talked to the manager, the security person came to take pictures of my leg and to take my report. I told him that I first noticed the bumps Friday night. He said "So, you noticed the bumps on Friday but you're just saying something on Sunday". I really didn't appreciate that comment. 
Second, I noticed a stain on the bed skirt. Looked like someone spilled BBQ sauce on it. It was a big stain. I noticed it my 2nd day. I didn't say anything because I was in and out of the room so much, I would just forget about it. my concern is that housekeeping cleaned our room everyday. And she never took it upon herself to change the bed skirt?? 
Last, we needed to print our Saints tickets for the game. Only one printer was working in the lobby and someone was using the working computer that was attached to that printer. (The other computer wasn't working). We went to the front desk to see if they could print for us. The rude front desk worker said "Go to the business center". So we went to the business center and realized that it costs to not only use the computer but to also print. Why would we pay when it's free in the lobby? Luckily, the manager once again came to our aid. She let us email her the attachment and she printed the tickets for us. I can't remember her name but I think it was Kristin. She was really nice and helpful. 
Overall, I say this hotel is ok. The view from the room was nice and the location is really good. The bed was comfortable and most of the staff was friendly. I just wish I knew the outcome of the bed bug investigation. I'm sure other people have stayed in that room since I left. I just hope the situation wasn't bed bugs for their sake.The only thing that was convenient about this hotel was it's location to the all the main attractions in New Orleans. Having said that, I will never stay at another Sheraton hotel as long as I live. After paying a pretty hefty price for our hotel room, which contained no mini fridge or microwave, we find out parking will be $48 a night and you would have to use valet. We ended up finding a lot two blocks away that was significantly cheaper, but it still would have been nice to know before traveling from North Carolina that we would not be able to park on the premises for less than $150. The hotel beds (2 double beds) were also the most uncomfortable beds I've ever endured in a hotel, all 3 of us complained about neck and back pains afterwards. 
Then I get charged for $14.25 just to use the internet for a whole hour and a half. I even called the front desk before selecting this plan (because I was told at check in that my Internet would be free) so I could avoid an unnecessary charge. I was assured that even if I did select this plan I would not be charged - which I never trusted but I had to complete an assignment so did anyway. The day that we check out I discovered that I had in fact been charged for this internet use. It has been 11 days of me trying to resolve this and obtain a refund (supposed to be 7-10 days AFTER PROCESSING), and yesterday I was told it had not even been processed yet. I don't appreciate being toyed with. I work hard for my money and I intended to spend my money on exploring all New Orleans has to offer, not on frivolous hotel charges from a money-hungry company. Why don't you guys start charging for the toilet paper and towels too?Great location. Great staff. The Club lounge was not that great. Breakfast and evening snacks lacked choices and would randomly get over in a few minutes. The staff won't replenish soon. I loved the elevators where you punch in your floor number and it would assign you the right car. Hotel is extremely convenient to French quarters as its easily walkable. Streetcars are close by .. we used Uber a lot and that was very convenient. There is also a Starbucks downstairs which we did not use.I travel to New Orleans frequently on business, so I have stayed at almost all the hotels around Canal Street, and this one was my least favorite, for several reasons, the most notable one being that I felt cheated and swindled.
I must have caught this hotel on a series of very 'off' days, because I found it to be less than satisfactory in almost every way, yet I see many positive reviews from other guests. Perhaps they got more for their money than I did.
My room was not properly air conditioned, and no matter what I seemed to do, I could not get comfortable. The hotel sets a limit on the temperature so that the unit cannot be set below 65 degrees, and when it's over 90 with humidity at night in New Orleans, that simply will not do. If I pay for a room I expect to be at least reasonably comfortable, and I did not sleep well even one night there. 
Little things began to add up to big irritations. I would put money in the vending machines to buy bottled water and they would spit out Mountain Dew- then after wasting several dollars trying again I would try to order from room service, only to be further disappointed. And questionable fees seemed to follow every single interaction with staff, or any attempt to utilize the facilities I had already paid for. 
The last straw was when I went to check out and they tried to charge me for using the gym- I had walked in to check it out, and promptly left after being informed they make additional charges EVERY time a guest uses the gym. They tried to charge me for walking in and LOOKING at the facilities. Then they tried to charge me for a series of mini bar items I never consumed that were missing from the fridge since before I checked in. When they put me in the cab to the airport the driver quoted me a flat rate, and then waited until we got to the airport to inform me he had no change. 
Even a fool could see that the entire operation was less than professional, and lacking a significant amount of integrity. These types of petty scams for nominal hidden or misleading fees are unacceptable. I would not stay at this hotel again, nor would I rec commend it. 
"Fool me once, shame on you"....it won't happen twice with this hotel.Great staff, nice suites, and great location! Wish I had more time in the my room to watch the huge flat screen in the living room, but alas, a hotel room in NOLA is kind of like one in Vegas, a formality for shut eye. Still, the room was nice and updated, kept clean everyday with an option to Go Green for a $5 credit. 
The hotel has blue dog art by Rodrigue throughout, and one of the cows he created for the Cows on Parade in Chicago. Staff were incredibly helpful during my stay, and responded well to any needs. The only star taken off is for their "smart" elevator system, which is incredibly slow. At peak times we waited 10-20 minutes. Given that there was a huge conference at the hotel, and the NCAA tournament, some delay is expected, but hopefully they can increase the IQ of these smart vators before my next visit!We stayed there 5 nights on the 47th club floor. View from the room was amazing, room was great too. 
The club floor comes with free breakfast, free fitness/swimming pool, and complimentary hors d'oeuvres at night. Great location. These are the pluses. 
Now the minuses: 
The housekeeping staff is sooo noisy. If you want to take a nap between 1 and 6pm forget it. They are banging the doors like crazy, the walls it's insane!!!
They entered our room TWICE without KNOCKING. That is unacceptable.Service at the front desk was very good considering I arrived at 1pm and was able to check in early but but overall it is average rooms and build for why they charge per night. I would come back at a discounted rate only. The location is great if you want to go to Bourbon St. Only minutes away walking. One cool thing is there elevators don't have the buttons for the floors inside you pick you floor on the wall outside which was pretty cool.The Sheraton New Orleans on Canal St. is simply awesome. It is a very nice hotel and very spacious. The lobby is a sight to see as well. The people who work there are very nice. The rooms are top notch. The best thing about the hotel is its location to Bourbon St. and other famous areas within NO. I highly recommend this place for lodging. The bar is a nice touch that they have in the lobby. It is a circular bar and very big. 
Stayed June 2013This place is such a headache. Rooms were nice and the location is great. 
I came here for a conference and had my rooms previously paid for. But when I arrived they tried to charge me twice to pay for the room! They had no record of the previous payments. 
They also require to put your debit card on hold and they took out over $500 from my account. This has never happened before for any hotel. Ridiculous!Centrally located and easy to get to the French Quarter.  Good meeting rooms.  The rooms are well designed and spacious with good upkeep and cleanliness.  Staff is courteous, friendly, and extremely helpful.
While I was here for business I would stay at this hotel again for both work and for vacation.
The only drawback is that there is no free wifi connection for hotel guests.  Instead I had to pay for the connection which I could not get signals in the meeting rooms.Something is wrong with the staff and service in this hotel.  They are, almost all of them, from high to low, a surly, unhelpful bunch who challenge guests and drag their feet to do anything to help guests.  Mostly they stand around talking to each other, ignoring guests.  Luckily, the beds, food, internet service are all excellent.I had a great experience with Clark S. when I came across a complex issue with my own friends. He was immediately available and helpful, and his judgement of the situation was spot on. He is the type of manager every business should have. I'm not loyal to any specific hotel chain, but I will remember Sheraton next time I'm booking because of my experience with Clark.A wonderful place to stay. The staff were all amazing. They gave us great recommendations of places to eat and listen to music. The beds were comfortable and it was quiet so sleeping wasn't a problem.The location of the hotel was prime but, the rest of the experience was extremely disappointing. There were two of us checking in separate rooms. 
1) We were participating in a local conference held at the convention center & had a few boxes sent to the hotel.  We called the hotel 2 days prior to check if they had arrived, was told they had not.  Contacted Fedex & Yes, they were signed for. Called the hotel & again were told the same.  Arrived at the hotel, were told No we don't have anyone by that name that could sign for them.  Checked with a Front desk Supervisor who, guess what ?  Found the boxes. 
2) Asked front Desk clerk where the gym was, she stated the 8th floor.  Great. 
Went to the 8th floor to find, the gym was closed due to construction.  Went back down to the front desk to let her know and she stated ' Oh! the gym is down the hall from the original gym as we are under construction, there are signs everywhere.  Note: there were NO signs, anywhere. 
3) Room was dirty, there was a used bath towel on the back of the Bathroom door and the back of the bathroom sink was dirty.  A safety pin on the bathroom floor and plastic wrap (from candy or something) on the bedroom floor. 
4) At NO time were we told the hotel was under construction 
5) 3rd Night @ approx. 5:45pm after coming in from a very long day working a Trade Show, just wanted to rest before going to Dinner.   Jack hammering was taking place directly above my room.  Called the front desk and they proceeded to tell us that we were told when we checked in.  NO.....we were NOT told anything when we checked in.  If we would have been told, we would have asked questions. 
6) There was NO closet door in my room 
7) I'm a former hotelier and a friend was sending me a 'Welcome' amenity which was to have arrived on Saturday, upon check in.  No arrival, then Sunday, No arrival. 
It finally arrived on Monday.   
OMG ! ! !  Really? 
8) Breakfast.  There is only one restaurant offering Breakfast and it only has a breakfast buffet NO other options. 
This was horrible on so many levels.This could be the worst hotel that I have ever stayed at in New Orleans...and I have stayed at quite a few of them.
I am not even sure where to start.  
1.  There were 5 different rooms they TRIED to check us into before they got it right.  Keys didnt work, wrong room, wrong type of room, room not cleaned etc.  
2.  The A/C in the hotel and your room never quite cools...just hot enough to be uncomfortable.  
3.  The staff is horrible and would probably be even worse...if you could find them!
4.  This place has tons of conferences but cannot handle them.  We were there for one and you had to wait 15-20 minutes for an elevator.  
If you want a nice place to stay on Canal with great service, this is NOT it.  Try the Marriott just down the street!I stayed here during a conference.  The room and location were fine although there was construction going on during my stay.  Someone found out my room number, first initial and last name and thus charged food and drinks to my room.  When I complained upon check out, the charges were taken off with a warning they would reappear if they could prove the charges were mine.  I produced a receipt from a restaurant elsewhere at the same time I supposedly ate and had drinks at the hotel as proof that I could not be two places at once.  The charges reappeared when my Visa bill came.  Again I complained and they emailed charge slips with my first initial and last name printed with no signature.  When reminded I had proof of eating elsewhere, the Sheraton was undeterred.  Evidently their proof was better than mine.I seldom write reviews. .but i had particularly crappy service so decided to share. .
The staff was inattentive an unhelpful. I understand that it's Mardi Gras but you can't charge me a premium on a room then deliver sub- standard service ( I won't be back)..not to mention there are all of  these hidden fees and restrictions. .and a queue for the elevator !!
Not impressed. .won't be back!Meh. Room service was terribly slow. For the price it should be a little faster.... Took almost an hour for the food to get here and it wasn't very warm. Hotel itself is really nice. Nice rooms, comfy beds, great location.The hotel was nice in the lobby and their automatic check in and out machines are great! The staff is really friendly and helpful, plus the French Quarter is directly across the street. However, their elevator system sucks! It took more than 10 minutes for the elevator to even show up on my floor, then it hit every floor on the way down. This was around 12:30 in the afternoon, so I was slightly busy, but 10 minute wait for an elevator is annoying when you are trying to make a meeting.Several people across this poorly run staff have made my stay here completely horrible. 
First of all, they charged $400 "accidentally" (No alternative explanation given) to my card- this is after I had paid for my stay in advance and was told explicitly upon check-in that I would only be charged $50 for incidentals (which would go away after I afew days). 
So no- I had to spend several hours on my first morning in New Orleans on phone with the very helpful people at Chase and the very not-so-helpful people at the Sheraton. All they had to do was fax a statement to Chase telling them to release the $400. They said it would be back in my account in 6 hours. TWO DAYS go by and two different people across 2 departments of Chase review their fax history and tell me that they didn't even receive a fax from them. I'm still in the process of getting my money back. 
In the meantime, I've spoken to about 6 Sheraton employees about this situation- How many times did I hear a "I'm sorry about our mistake" NONE. NO APOLOGY. The Sheraton is dead to me in my book.
***
General Stay:
The front desk people are very friendly but they don't actually do their jobs well. I asked to "go green" (i.e. don't clean my room- I'm pretty low maintenance right and this should presumably make your job easier?) and they didn't put that in their computer systems. If you wanted anything done, you'd have to go down there and ask them more than once.
The bar staff is really unfriendly
Don't plan on sleeping- the walls are paper thin and you hear people yelling in the hallways at night when you're trying to sleep
The room itself was pretty clean, but the bathroom looked really old and run down
Good location- that's what the one star is for.Told is there was no parking and gave us a map to a garage over a mile away---and it was wrong! Had to self pay and walk 1.2 miles back. Arrived with a lot of people standing around in the lobby and was told there were NO CLEAN ROOMS AVAILABLE and it would be 1.5 hrs. Upon checkout wouldn't comp us anything. Will never ever ever ever return!This is a clean, friendly hotel. The room was a good size. I was on the 20th floor and had a nice view of Canal Street looking towards Royal Street. I appreciate that amenities include room coffee. There is also a coffee shop in the lobby. The bar makes a pretty descent hurricane. The room was quiet. I enjoyed my stay.When we came, thank goodness the construction that has been going on has ended. It's in a good location (walkable to Jackson Square in less than 10 minutes, and to the St. Charles streetcar in less than 3 minutes). Our king room wasn't ready after the check-in time, so they gave us a double and a few vouchers for 2 free drinks at the bar (it's a nice gesture, but the bar service was very very nice but very very slow). I requested for a room on a high floor and facing the Mississippi River, and got the 19th floor; it was quiet. We went with the "Make a Green Choice" environmental option of getting 500 Starwood points for each day of declining housekeeping (or you can opt for $5, but that's not as worthy)... I thought we would still get our room tidied up (because making the bed and emptying the trash can does not use up water or electricity), but I guess the "green choice" is the "no work involved" choice. That's not a reason for removing stars from my review because I guess that's how the program works, but for the cost per night of staying here, it's A-OK. It's clean, with good plumbing.Not good Sheraton. 
We booked our room , 6 months ago!!!! 
And we come in from Washington state and they tell us that our room is taken. 
Because the golden state warriors came to town... 
so 
There's is now two floors of people... 
with no hotel room 
On a Saturday morning ( it's 1 30 am) and they can't figure out where to " put" us because it Halloween Weekend. And alllllllllllll the hotels are booked. 
Not a happy camper. And never will I ever stay at a Sheraton hotel againComfortable stay. Room was really nice. Bar and service was better than good. Highlight of the stay was Daniel a bellman. He was super friendly, helpful and had great suggestions on places to visit and eat.Sheraton you continue to keep our hearts because of your generous pet policy.  We love the spacious area you provide for pets to relieve themselves.  The hotel has been renovated with modern amenities.  Thanks Starwood!!  The staff is very friendly and most helpful.  We love this location for it's convenience to most everything one could want or need.  I did find a small roach chilling in the bathroom.  Shrug...It's NOLA  ;)Pelican Bar review:
Overall - typical hotel bar experience, slow dull service (not one of the servers ever smiled), average food, extremely overpriced.  Will not try this place again. 
I visited on a Sunday evening around 6 p.m. It was very crowded due to having a football game playing on the projection screen. 
It took a good 5-7 minutes & two other wait staff walking past me before a waiter finally stopped to check on me. I borrowed a menu from the couple at the next table and ordered wine & poppers. The poppers were ok, could have been frozen, and came on a large bed of dry mixed greens. It would've made a good salad actually if I'd had some dressing. But no one bothered to check back in so no "salad" for me. Drinks did come quickly though. 
A bit later I ordered the beignet bites from yet another server. Waited and waited. Flagged someone down to check on the status and was told they were out. Would've been nice if someone told me.Clean hotel. We had a great stay. We checked in at the beginning of a conference and it was super busy! The front desk team handled it like pros and even squeezed in some light hearted jokes. I walked to the elevators to get to my room quite impressed. The location is excellent and walking distance to tons of restaurants, the French quarter, CBD, and museums. 
Thanks for a great stay Sheraton!Stayed at the hotel for 4 nights for a conference with family.  We got to the hotel really late (like 3 AM) due to flight delay, and there was a 30 min wait just to check in.  However, the front desk ladies were friendly and compensated us by giving us a room on the top floor.  The view is great (great view of the Mississippi), and the rest of the stay is very good.  Location is good too - close to French Quarter but not right inside all that craziness, and cross street from the Insect Museum.  Would go back there again.Really enjoyed our stay here. Only used for a place to lay our heads. One of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept on. Great location on Canal a short distance from Bourbon Street. Our room had a faint mildew smell to it which was disappointing and why it gets 3 stars from me. Friendly hotel staff. Starbucks in-house is a plus for me. Valet is a bit higher than the other hotels I've stayed at but we got a great rate on the room. Will stay here again.Great location right on Canal St. within walking distance to everything you'd probably come to New Orleans for. The hotel is a bit disjointed and hectic though as there are also conference spaces that are often used so as a guest you'd have to contend with non-guests regularly for service at the restaurants or access to the elevators. There are two restaurants - the Pelican Bar in the lobby and another small eatery on the second floor. Both are ridiculously overpriced, but provide for a quick meal if you don't have time to walk into the French Quarter and deal with tourists.Ok so we stayed one night here up on the club level and I have to say I dont think we got what we paid for. There was some trash left over from the previous occupants at the side of the far bed and there was some hair on the bathroom floor and shower, EW. My pet peeve is hair in the bathroom. 
The room, although nice, was fairly warm when we walked in so we turned the AC on and proceeded down to the club for snacks before going out on the town at night. When we got back from the night out the room was still warm-ish so I turned it down all the way to 65F. 
Unfortunately the shower I took at night was barely warm. I really wanted a hot shower after traveling all day. I will say though that the beds were super comfy. The room throughout the night continued to remain warm leading both my friend and I to an uncomfortable night. Although the hotel is situated in a nice location I think I'll try another place if I come back.Terrific place! 
I make each hotel jump through 3 hurdles before I give a review: Food, Atmosphere & Customer Service. 
Food- 
All we ate was breakfast from the hotel, it was a little expensive but worth every penny. My fianc loved the breakfast buffet the most, I was just fine with my chef's omelet. The Roux Bistro had a lovely server, an older Caucasian woman- wish I could remember her name! It was just myself at the start of my meal, even though she had been serving many larger family tables- she still gave me & my needs her focus. 
Atmosphere-
Loved it, I felt welcomed right when we walked in. It seemed really cozy and home-like for a large hotel. It wasn't loud and obnoxious like I imagined (considering how close it is to Bourbon street). It was constantly clean & tidy when we would come in and out of the hotel at random. Elevator every one was complaining about wasn't that confusing at all- just different. I liked it & was easy to master. The fitness center & pool were conveniently located beside each other, well kept. 
Customer Service- 
The workers were overall very professional & pleasant. However what lost a star from me was the Valet... Trust me, paying $38+ tax per day for parking isn't as bad as you think, it beats the crap out of risk for it getting towed & we witnessed ALOT of that around there. My issue is when I pay that much for parking I'd like it to NOT take well over 10 minutes to get my car back. When we first arrived it took 20- 30 minutes for them to get everything situated. Oh lord don't leave anything in the car & JUST need to retrieve an item- that takes about another 15-20 minutes. Bless their heart they were doing the best they could but seriously- if you write down on the slip that we had a white Ford Focus, you shouldn't pull up to my fianc with a large yellow hummer saying "Here you are sir." My biggest suggestion is if you plan on starting the day at 10a car- get your car from the valet no later than 9:45.  That even goes for the night shift as well, they take just as long unfortunately. We thought it was because we'd come and go around check in/ out time. Nope, its just like that. But hopefully in time they will get better at it.Stayed here for conference. Good location to walk to must see tourist spots. All the employees were extremely nice and helpful. Rooms had some things about them that were not so great. Ex. Things not repaired correctly.  Bed was comfy.It gets 1 star for its amazing location.
Worst part- Don't plan on sleeping. The walls are so thin it feels like you have the ENTIRE floor in bed with you. I kept getting woken up every hour of the night because people's doors would be slamming, knocking, other drunk ppl stumbling... Etc... Etc. 
2nd worst part- very slow guest relations. Took them 2 hours for a toothbrush.
I would spend a little more to be 1.) closer to Bourbon St. and 2.) Quieter roomGreat view from the 39th floor overlooking the river and bridge in New Orleans.  Its a short walk to Burbon St. As well as the WWII museum and pretty much all the attractions here in NOLA.  
The inside is nice and clean, staff is polite and helpfull and the rooms are a good size with comfy beds.  Really yhe only down side is the valet parking which is $45 but having visited most big cities here in us I understand it but its still expensive.
We booked this place on Hotwire.com and it was a great deal for the two days we stayed outside of the parking lol.The Sheraton on Canal street was a good place to stay in a great location. It's located a few blocks from the French quarter and right down the street - roughtly half a mile - from the magestic St. Louis Cathedral.
The atrium is quite impressive with a central bar and a Starbucks off to the side. They also set up a huge screen in the atrium where the NFL playoffs were on display. Extra star!
The rooms were nice, but seemed to be refurbished from an older hotel. The rooms were pretty spacious with nice plasma screen TVs, an extra chair for lounging and at least one window overlooking the city. The elevators are "high efficiency" which means you punch in the floor you need to go to and one of the elevators shows up rather than a bunch of them being on random floors. 
Folks at the front were nice and the bell service was helpful. Got a cab early in the morning and they were able to store our luggage for free when we got in early. 
In the end, you're near the french quarter and the nicer attractions it has to offer. Bourbon street is about 4 blocks away so it's well within walking distance for other who wish pay a visit - word to the wise, bring old shoes. Plus, there's a Popeye's chicken as well as Palace Cafe across the street for any cravings, chicken or turtle soup.
A good, not incredible, experience, but overall pretty on par with many Sheratons. Good place to stay on points, but as noted many times prior - you can stay somewhere in the french quarter that gives you some local flare for the same price or less - though you don't get points for that.I am a SPG reward member and I stayed here for the weekend. I received quite a deal on Priceline for less than $400. Hotel was nice and all employees that I had an encounter with were very nice and customer service oriented. I love that! The rooms was nice and clean but the bathtub looked like it needed revamping. Overall, I had a pleasant experience and will definitely consider staying here again. It was a central location on Canal St. walking distance to Harrah's casino, street car and French quarter.Stayed there for 3 nights last week for a wedding.  Very convenient location, friendly staff, internet access, nice room, helpful concierge, luggage storage, quick access to cabs.
Not so great: air-conditioning OVERLOAD.  I had to go to the sauna just to warm up (not exaggerating), and when I got there, it smelled so badly of mildew that I had to leave.  Bathroom sink faucet in my room came off in my hand.  Room service was so late they gave it to me for free.
It's the Sheraton.  It's fine.  It was worth what I paid on Hotwire, but I can't imagine paying more than $100 a night, which is what the hotel seems to charge.  Overall, no major complaints, but I wouldn't go back given the number of other options in in New Orleans.AWESOME!! This hotel was great. We didn't have a reservation upon arriving, but quickly got one and requested a top floor and man oh man did they fill our request. We stayed on the 44th floor, just a few floors from the penthouse. The view was amazing. Looking right over Canal Street we could see everything going on and also the trolley and Bourbon Street. The room was nice, the bed was so comfy and the was a Starbucks right in the lobby. I was very please with the stay. The only downside was when we booked the room they failed to tell us that to park your car at the hotel there was like a $30 something dollar fee. That I was a bit shocked about after having already booked the room, so be careful about that.Second stay at this hotel!!! I absolutely love this hotel. Beautiful lobby and bar and all the staff is so helpful. Ryan works at the front and is a bellhop and he was more than helpful with our bags. Everyone was really friendly and helpful at directing us to where we wanted to go.
Not to mention this hotel is only steps away fro. The French quartera but still out of the craziness. And CVS is only a few blocks up. 
Beds are pretty comfy like most star wood hotels. Anyway. This place is great and the price was good! I will always always come back here as long as they keep it up. I stayed in room 1929. Had a cool street view. Did have a problem with a slow drain but that's it.I must say that after staying at the renaissance, this was perfect. 
View over looking the river. They checked us in early when we didn't want to miss the parade. 
Large room, nice ac. No fridge, but that's okay. 
Will definitely say there again.This is only a review for service at the pelican lobby bar- our server was Keisha; she was respectable, sweet, and professional. The lobby was gorgeous as well. All in all it was a great experience:I've been to a better Sheraton. 
Everything was very slow here: check-in took forever, getting my check after the breakfast took forever, the line for Starbucks was always long. 
Pros:
-Walking distance to Bourbon Street (even though I'm not a fan)
-Close to lots of good restaurants
-Close to the convention center and outlet
Cons:
-No free wifi (BUT if you are a SPG member, call the front desk and they will give you free wifi)
-No basic shampoo or body wash provided 
-No free breakfast 
-Wall is kind of thin - it was kind of annoying when people slamming their doors, so loudFantastic location, clean property, great value for location. I love the bar in the lobby, and if you can, stay in a club-level room. It allows you access to he club lounge on the 42nd floor and their free evening snacks and the continental breakfast. The view from the lounge is wonderful, overlooking the Crescent City and the Mississippi River.
Starbucks in the lobby, helpful staff, great views, two blocks from Bourbon Street, close to the French Quarter, what else is there?They really need to get it together! I stayed here for 2 day before my cruise and it was very unpleasant. To start things off, my check in took forever. They only had one person at the front desk and you could clearly see she was overwhelmed. The manager saw a long line and didn't even attempt to help or send help. Next, once I finally got my room and got settled for bed, my room started to flood. Something was leaking in the walls and the entire floor of my room was wet. Probably wouldn't have been a huge deal because stuff happens but my suit case was on the floor and the water seeped into it, wetting some of my belongings. Once I noticed it I called down to change rooms. At first all was good. They apologized and said the bellhop would bring me new keys to another room shortly. After about a hour pass no key or anything, I called back down stairs and was hung up on twice after alerting them I still haven't received my room change and it was now 1am in the morning. I then go down stairs to speak with the manager who was very apologetic. She gave me a new room and said she was giving me $50 credit towards breakfast. I thanked her and moved on. The next day I went to the front desk to confirm the credit and they said it was there. Tuesday when I got my receipt, I noticed I was charged for my breakfast that was supposed to be credited. I called billing, no one answered so I left a message. That was over a week ago. I since called 2 more times never reaching an actual person in billing just the same machine. I have left 3 messages total about 3 days apart of each other. Talked to management and they told me that I have to speak to billing. This has been the worst customer service from any hotel I have ever visited. Oh.. and a little side note, the breakfast was disgusting. Way overpriced and tasteless.
EDIT: finally received a call (about 1hr after I reviewed on Yelp) they are refunding my money and she apologized about the misunderstanding and late response.Good location, friendly staff, clean room, pretty comfy beds, and a great view.
The t.v. was broken but they almost immediately sent some one up to fix it. That was the only issue we had for the 3 nights we stayed.
It also wasn't badly priced at all.  The location really was the greatest part.
Be warned: they charge you almost $40/day for parking.This hotel was dirty and disfunctional.  The lock on my door did not work correctly - I had to get new keys four times and call security three times to let me back into my room.  This all happened in my TWO night stay there.  Almost every time I left the room, I could not get back in with my key.  The hotel staff at first refused to believe it was the lock and tried to tell me that I had the keys too close to my cell phone.  I'm sorry, but if I'm holding the keys in my hand and my cell phone is in my purse, that should not be close enough to demagnetize the keys.  I've never stayed in a hotel where they claimed that their keys were so fragile.
Now to the dirty part - they offered me a "green" option to skip maid service and get a $5 credit at the restaurant. However when I saw the room, there was no way I'd skip maid service.  Firstly, I found used shampoo bottles in the shower.  Secondly, the carpet was disgusting and had dirt and grime in the corners.  I dropped something and a huge cloud of dust flew up into the air!  I don't think they even vacuum.  After my first day, I put my shower towels on the floor so that they'd replace the dirty ones, but instead they took them off the floor and hung them on the shower rod... apparently expecting me to use them again after they'd been on the dirty floor.
They do pinch pennies too - I ordered some food at the bar downstairs to bring back to my room.  They not only forgot to give me my beverage, but they charged me a "to-go" fee and then expected a tip on top of that.
There are several hotels in the area, literally right next door, where several of my coworkers were staying, and they didn't have any problems with their hotels.  I'll never stay in this Sheraton again.