Something happened to this place. It used to be good, but it's gone really downhill. My recent visit was terrible. Everything tasted really stale, pizza was dry and stone hard, and the staff wasn't really friendly. It was so disappointing. I used to love this place, but after this last experience, I decided to move on to other better places in town.The food was good. The mesclun salad was full of pecan bits and great scratch dressing. Service was a problem. One server for Friday dinner.  She forgot to put in half of our order. It ruined what should have been a great meal. My advice is to go in on a slow night.Nice that the restaurant was only a block from our hotel.  Stopped by during happy hour and got a large pitcher of Abita for $5.
Orderd mushroom-goat cheese bruschetta which was simple yet perfectly executed.  Bread crispy and not too thick.  Also had a half salad, perfect portion.  BBQ Shrimp was full of flavor, rich and garlicky.  Shrimp were not huge but tasted nice and fresh, and were not overcooked.
Had a slice of white and a slice of regular.  Both delicious, but enjoyed the regular a bit more.  In any case the dough was delicious.  Would have definitely eaten here again had we more time to spend in town.OMG I could live off this .... the BBQ shrimp perfection.... the boudin......  great food - great price!Moving up!  Now at 4 stars from my original 2.  This place is really starting to rock it out.  Service has been consistant, as well as food.  Still wanting to have a slammin' Pizza from here as my past pizza experiences have been mediocre.Very good service and good food. Had a pizza with half pepperoni and half mushroom that was cooked perfectly. Relatively cheap beer list too. One of the better pizza places in Nola that does not do wood-fire pies.I was starving during Mardi Gras (came here on 2/9) and made this quick stop. This slice of cheese was right on point. The service was quick even though there was a lot going on. I was able to find seating at the bar and eat in peace. For $3.32 a great value at a great time.
Pizza was great and so was the service.Great service. Server was right on. Pizza - bacon, basil & garlic - medium crust - wasn't greasy. Price was very reasonable.Slice has great, heaping, dripping, melty slices of cheesy goodness, topped with whatever your little heart can conjure up. For a gal who doesn't normally eat her crust, there is never a crumb left here on my plate. They also have a wide variety of veggie-friendly options and a great beer/wine list.We stayed just a few blocks from Slice.  My hubby likes to try different pizzas wherever we go....he is from NY and lives in Chicago-- so pizza is a passion.  Anyway he loved this place!  Amazing...with all the great food in NOLA  I still could not keep him away from this place. He returned to enjoy the different types-- all great.   Staff service was warm and inviting and by the end of our stay, he was on a first name basis with the entire crew!Super casual, fun atmosphere with great pizza and friendly service. The prices are fantastic and they have daily specials that are a great value. Posted in the pictures. It was a new break from our steady diet of fried New Orleans food this vacation.When we arrived at our bed and breakfast just around the corner, we were given suggestions for dinner and Slice Pizzeria was at the top of the list. 
You would think that I would have gotten pizza since it was a pizzeria but you would be wrong!  I was given a tip that this place had the best BBQ Shrimp Po Boy in NOLA...and damn if that tip wasn't 100% true!
Its small, comfy and the cooks crank up the radio while they work and reference old songs by yelling stuff like "man this song brings back memories" or "oh man that's my shit right there!"
The food is awesome with a kick ass staff to back it up. 
Visit and Support!  And grab a BBQ Shrimp PO Boy...trust me. 
-TomGood salad, generously topped pizza (ok tasting) and friendly service.Slow...
...as...
...hell.
Seriously, I just called on my way home from work and ordered two slices. Twenty minute wait, really? And when I arrived, the place was far from packed. Of course the counter staff gladly ran my credit card right away, but then kept me sitting for another short while. 
Come on, folks.This is such a perfect pizza dive. The pies are spectacular, with high quality toppings and the magic balance of crispy/chewy in their signature crust. As the name suggests, you can buy by the slice. But whole pies are tempting options as well. The creative craft cocktail menu deserves your attention. Standard and special concoctions turn out consistently delicious, visit after visit.This place is amazing. It's a local place near the hotel I was staying in. The staff at slice is incredibly friendly and make some great recommendations. This isn't a fast food place, so don't expect your food to come out right after you order. They make everything from scratch. I recommend getting the pizzas and calzones. The pizza are so unique and you can make your own calzones. The place is small, but it's super cozy. 
Here's what I got:
-shrimp and andouille sausage pizza
-calzone with ricotta and prosciutto 
I'll be back again when I'm down in the bayou, lolWe were the only ones in the restaurant and the temperature was near-arctic. We kindly asked them to adjust the thermostat, so he started to change it when his fellow employees said "no it feels good" to which he listened. 
The waiter failed to regularly tend to us and provide drink refills. In response, we went behind the counter to refill our own drinks remaining unnoticed.
However, the food was good as usual. I just wish that the service would be a little more polite and cooperative. 
2/5 stars. 1 for the food's quality, 1 for the food's speed. Minus 1 for the temp, minus 1 for refills, minus 1 for service.Great pie, the size is very generous and the taste well its outstanding.  The delivery was quick and professional.  I would recommend a stop in or order out to try it out..So great we went here twice in one day.  The food was tops and so was the service.  Always look for specials.  This is definitely the perfect place to go when visiting New Orleans to keep the flavor going without a huge meal.Food was pretty good. Do yourself a favor and try one of their Popsicles. I tried the cheesecake blueberry one and my husband kept trying to steal it!! Atmosphere was chill and the staff was young and tatooed.There was nothing wrong with this place. I think it was a nice place to grab lunch on Sunday afternoon. Got the cheese bread which was pretty good. I thought the red dipping sauce had a nice flavor to it. Got 3 slices: pepperoni, pepperoni and minced garlic, and pepperoni and carmelized onion. I liked them all. My least favorite was the onion slice because the onions were more soggy than carmelized. Tasted pretty good though. The garlic slice was probably my favorite, but was pretty sparce on the garlic. I would've liked more garlic. The crust is thin with some crunch (I think it has cornmeal in it or something).  I also tried a bite of the white slice and the pruscuitto and argula slice. Both were pretty good, but again, not jaw droppingly good or anything. My guess is that this is probably some of the better pizza in town.This weekend I went to Slice on St. Charles and it was absolute chaos. I called in a to go order and they said it would take about 25 minutes. After attempting to park for 10 minutes, I entered Slice about 25 minutes after I called in the order. There was one line for both take out orders and people putting their name on the list to be seated. Chaos with a capital K. So I finally got to the front of the line. Great Awesome. The computer is down. Bummer. The guy starts hitting the computer and cussing. Buzz kill. I have a to go order I say. "Name?" Lindsay. Yeah it's not done yet. What? So I wait. It comes out of the oven 10 minutes later. Total time for pizza? 40 minutes.Taste when I got home? Delicious. The pizza was absolutely yummy. I really do like Slice pizza, I think it's some of the best pizza in New Orleans. Slice St. Charles is a small space. There is no way around it. The Slice on Magazine is much better for dining in. However, I still like the pizza and the St. Charles location is much closer for me. Delicious homemade pizza, even if the wait is a little too long for the product. My advice? Go for a late lunch and take advantage of their happy hour and lack of crowd. But overall, if you're looking for pizza in New Orleans, this is pretty frickin good.Great pizza!  I love that you can order a single slice of any pizza and try some different flavors.  Great service, cute restaurant.We enjoy Slice, it's a neighborhood standby for Pizza. Very disappointed with the recent change to the menu. It was nice to come in and get a pasta bowl, I guess we'll have to find another spot for pasta. Ohhh well... :(
Update:12/4  Old menu back, pasta and meatballs!!!
Good for us peeps!Ugh! That's what I get for not reading Yelp before going to a restaurant. Came here tonight to dine for LASPCA's Pause 4 Paws. Overall not a great experience. 
Parking- it's on St. Charles with no reserved parking lot like other restaurants around. I  parked around the block. No biggie since I could always use the exercise. But I didn't like the two homeless people parked outside that were literally following people when they left. 
I know it's not their fault, but it's a huge creep factor. They could have stopped the solicitors from sitting outside their establishment then stalking their patrons that happen to carry big purses (empty of cash, btw.) 
This will definitely prevent any women (or self-preserving men) from eating here. I don't like looking behind me the entire time I'm walking to my car, which was around the block from the place. As soon as I rounded the corner, I just RAN to my car. 
Food- Ordered the large mesclun salad: mixed greens, fresh goat cheese, crushed pecans, fresh strawberries and blueberries served with a homemade balsamic vinaigrette. It was a yummy salad but definitely wasn't a large portion. I've seen small salads bigger than that (i.e. Midway, Theo's, Katie's-just to name a few) Priced at $9, I was honestly hoping it would fill me up. Not even close.
Drinks- ordered the special of the night. Name escapes me but it was basically two shots of bourbon served anyway you like. I'm a simple girl so I opted for a bourbon and coke. Bartender was nice, and the drink was pretty stiff. Didn't need another one the entire meal. For $5, thought it was a steal- especially when it was Maker's Mark.
Service- horrendous. Server was quite rude with us from the moment we sat down. We went there for a meeting and was expecting 4-5 people. Half of the party showed up first and we were seated for about 10-15 mins. before more arrived. Not once did he ask to refill our drinks (we had all ordered our drinks from the bar but there was an empty beer glass that could have been refilled with some refreshing deliciousness) nor did he ask if we wanted any appetizers. 
When the final person got there, he immediately asked if we were ready to order. She hadn't even sat down at that point. So we asked for 5 mins. which he huffed then stomped away. 
When we were done with our food, he asked if we were ready for the bill. No questions of dessert or salad.  And even though our party only ended up being 4 people, he still added a gratuity on there! We were all quite surprised since restaurants don't usually add a grat for parties smaller than 6. Not sure why he felt a need to express his frustrations on his tables. 
So this experience definitely soured this location for me. From here on, think I'm going to stick to the Magazine location. And just get their pizza or that BBQ shrimp po-boy everyone is raving about.Excellent food, and Isabella really took care of us.  Excellent service.  We ate there a few times and the meat lover's pizza was my fav, but I also highly recommend the mesclun salad.So satisfying. EVERY. TIME. This is one of my favorite spots to hit whenever I'm in town. EVERYONE there is always cool. My choice you ask? Wicked Garden with red sauce add mushrooms and artichoke. I haven't tried much else because I just love it so much, but I sure they'll hit the spot with anything on the menu. Lately I've been doing take out, but tonight I decided to hang in for a bit and have a couple drinks. Perfect!This location of Slice Pizzeria is smaller than the one on Magazine Street. It feels pretty crowded and the tables are too close to one another. I don't like that neighboring diners can hear my conversation. However, Slice Pizzeria makes the best BBQ shrimp poboy that I've ever had so I jumped at the chance to have lunch with a few fellow Yelpers here and I'd jump at the chance to do it again. 
Of course, I ordered the BBQ shrimp poboy and savored every single bite of it. It's really the very best poboy I've ever had of its kind. I also ordered a salad on this visit.
Mesclun Salad with balsamic vinergrette...petite greens, goat cheese, pecans, fresh berries. It was delicious as well.
I love Slice and honestly if the restaurant was in a cardboard box, I'd still go for that BBQ shrimp poboy. My preferred location is the one on Magazine, though.
If you haven't tried that poboy, do yourself a favor and order one. You're welcome.I've been here before and been very satisfied but this was absolutely the worst experience ever. The restaurant had a funky unpleasant odor which was stronger in the back of the building.  We ordered primavera pasta, eggplant lasagna, mesclun salad, and a slice of cheese pizza. The server gave us the salad, which was excellent. I've had the salad before and it was as good as I remembered. Then we waited...and waited...and waited. Server told us they had been inundated with take out and apologized for the wait several times.  When our order finally arrived, the lasagna was great, but the pizza slice was lukewarm and the primavera pasta was cold. The server apologized and took the dish to warm it. After another extended wait the dish was returned to me.  It came back lukewarm. The pasta was ample but only 6 small broccoli florets and trace amount of mushroom bits. It was also quite spicy which I commented on when asked how it was. Next thing we know the cook came out to the table, put his hands on his hips, and asked "can I help you?"  I was stunned. I said no, and that I felt I hadn't ordered wisely, because the dish was spicy and I hadn't expected it to be from the menu description. He explained that The pasta was sautéed in Chili infused olive oil with the vegetables. Vegetables consisted of about five or six broccoli florettes very small and a few pieces of mushroom slices no actual mushroom slices though just pieces of mushroom and not very many at that.  Server came back again and asked me how everything was and I repeated that the pastor was very spicy and maybe they should note that on the menu that it's chilly infused olive oil and not just olive oil.  We waited another 25 minutes or so to get our check and were charged full price for the lousy pasta Primavera. To his credit the server did offer to give me some milk because the food was so spicy but I declined. I will never ever go back and I advise anyone who goes to be prepared for a long wait and just order the pizza to be safe. We tipped the server a proper amount because I didn't feel that it was his fault at all and he was doing his best. This experience was very unfortunate especially considering that Sslice used to be one of my daughter's restaurants. I feel like they should've taken the charge off for the pasta Primavera because it was not as described on the menu but I'll just chalk it up to my poor choice. I feel like their take-out business is more important to them than their sit down in the restaurant customersBeing so picky with pizza, it was a huge relief to find this place! Best pizza around!Not impressed. It took 1.5 hours to get our pizza delivered and when it finally came we were pretty disappointed. We ordered the flying Hawaiian. We basically were brought a bacon and jalepeno pizza. Little to no red sauce, barely any pineapple or chicken. Crust was bland and dry. Heard a lot of great things about Slice over the last couple years but after this experience we will not be back. So many better pizza options out there! That being said... You know what they say about bad pizza.Service was fast and friendly. 
Arugula salad was good.
G's pasta dish was too oily and okay he said.
Mussels made me sick. Very sick; took about 20 minutes before my intestines began convulsions like I had never experienced..........
I am now afraid of their food, no matter what. Everyone else seems to love the pizza, so stay safe and stick to the pizza.The happy hour beer special (M-F, 4-7) is amazing. For 5 bucks you get a pitcher of NOLA Brown or NOLA Blonde. 5 bucks! Or you can get a pint for $2.75. And the pitchers are big! Best beer bargain in town, no doubt.
I went for the first time, attracted by the cheap, quality beer. The pizza was the best I've eaten in this town. I had a slice of Bacon Basil and Garlic, and a slice of Proscuito, Gargonzola, and Arugula. Outstanding. Tons of garlic, tons of gargonzola. I wanted a slice of Shrimp and Andouille pizza, but it was $5.75. A bit pricey. But I had my 2 gourmet slices, and 4 pints of beer from the pitcher, and ended up paying just $13!!! The server was good (and cute).i'd like to give slice a bad review because i really can't stand listening to an entire motorhead album while i'm eating.  really after i've heard "killed by death" and "ace of spades" i've had my fill of lemmy.  the staff all appear to be on drugs and i'm certain one of the waitresses stole my sweater - i left it in the booth, came back to fetch it and it was gone - *shrug*.  probably the best pizza in N.O..  indifferent service, never a bad meal.Holy Moly!
Best pizza in the Garden District!
Was in NOLA for our honeymoon in Jan and new hubby (see his review..Jeffery M.) wanted a break from the culinary Cajun madness I was on, so we yelped pizza joints near our hotel on St. Charles and this place popped up.
Eager to continue the gluttony of food and drink that filled our honeymoon, we ordered take out.
Hubby got a slice of the meat pizza and I got a slice of the garlic, anduille sausage pizza, along with a hot cap and red velvet cupcake.
Whoa! The pizza was thin crust, smelled great had a sweetish sauce and were huge!
I think we paid about $2.50 a slice. The red velvet cupcake was perfect..not too sweet. We loved this place so much, we went twice!!
The cap held up even after rewarming it up and drinking it the next morning! 
The next time we went, we sat down and ate..hubby got the calzone and it was massive! I got a slice of white pizza and a house salad.
his was the best house salad I have ever had!!!
It had sliced green olives and red onions..it was lovely!
We were going to purchase t-shirts (we do that with eateries we really like) but the pickings were slim.Very happy we came here.  Our first night visiting New Orleans, we passed so many scummy-looking restaurants.  We just wanted to get some decent food before bed.  Yelp helped up find Slice, right by our hotel.  We knew it must be a good place since it was more full than the other places we had peeked in to, and we were so pleased!  Pizza was great, and we were so excited that the beer list exceeded the usual bud and miller lite.   Service was very good too.  They made a mistake on our order, but sent the correct meal out as soon as they could and took it off our bill.  So glad to have found this place!If I was just rating on the food, I would give it above a 3.5 maybe 4. The pizza tastes good, though I have definitely had better. I like the different options that they have for the pizza as well. 
However, the service is horrible. Three visits and we are always in a rush to leave because the waitstaff is really slow.Love this place!  The chicken enchilada pizza is AMAZING! Our server, Anna was great!!!!Nice staff, great food, cheap eats, no wait (if you don't hit it up at peak hours). I'm definitely not a salad person but I really like their arugula and mesclun. Last night we shared a bacon, basil, and garlic pizza-- thin crust, fresh stretchy cheese, piping hot, with lots of crumbled fatty bacon, slices of basil, and whole cloves of roasted garlic--de-fucking-licious, while they accomodated my vegan friend's request for cheeseless garlic bread and sauce. The spot is bigger than you'd think, it stretches out to the back, and there's outdoor seating as well. Prices are good for New Orleans, $7 for half a salad (and it's definitely enough) and a drink (mojito). Their happy hour is a great deal as well.My friends and I ordered delivery here, we thought the pizzas were going to be normal size so we ordered a full pizza, but the slices ended up being huge! We were not expecting that! Also they were extremely delicious! Oh man was it good! When I come back to visit New Orleans I will definitely be coming back here to eat! Such good pizza!!! My only complaint was they didn't have dipping sauce lolDamn good pizza. Come to NOLA for the seafood but stop here for the pizza. Worth the walk.This is my favorite pizza joint in all of New Orleans. My friend doesn't like pizza, but once she had a slice of the Flying Hawaiian, she's been addicted ever since! I have had the Meat Lover's, Flying Hawaiian, Specialty D-Luxe (MY FAVE) and Sportsman's Paradise. Usually, I order a 14" half Flying Hawaiian and half Specialty D-Luxe. They're really good about half/half pizzas. Their delivery is fast and their pizza is always so juicy! I like that I'm not gnawing on too much bread because it's thin crust.  I like the atmosphere of the place as well, the service is fast and friendly - reminds me of my favorite pizza place in MN: Pizza Luce.Me encantó la pizza. Muy buena la atención y agradable. La pizza que pedí fue la veggie, 2 slides son suficientes para saciar el hambre. La masa es delgada y los ingredientes frescos. Super recomendado. Volveré.This was my second visit to Slice. I must say I was disappointed in my experience this past weekend. I ordered a slice of margherita pizza. When it arrived at the table only half of it had cheese on it, leaving the other half to be only crust. My husband ordered the meat lovers, and it was very good.Atmosphere of the restaurant was inviting, but the pizza was okay. My wife and I waited over 50 mins for 2 slices of pizza and an order of lasagna. Was told they were swamped with Uber orders. The frustrating part was that the dinning room was fairly empty. Would think they would want to take care of the customers dinning in the restaurant first.  Would not go and and would not recommend to family and friends.I went to Slice on St Charles. It was great! The atmosphere is very laid back and intimate. Our waitress was Anna and she was awesome!!! She recommended the Primm's Cup, which was a refreshing drink. We had the barbecue shrimp poboy and gumbo. It was just great! One of my favorite places thus far!Sportsman pizza was incredible. 
Pepperoni pizza with andouille sausage - wow.  
Waiter was quite short temperament but that was probably an anomaly and didn't change our overall opinion - would definitely go back !!Came here twice for lunch during my 15 day boondoggle in NOLA. 11:45 on a weekday it was half packed and was able to get in and out in 45 minutes. $12 for a slice, a small salad, water and tip!
Italian salad was hearty with lots of ingredients. A little salty (lots of olives) for my California taste buds but good enough that I ordered it both times. 
Between the meat lovers slice and the special slice w shrimp, I would rank the special higher. Toppings were fresh and the thin crust was slightly crunchy just like it should be. 
The decor is an after thought and the feel is old, but I came here for the food. Interesting tho ... I didn't know that pizza grew on trees as the wall paper in the bathroom suggest!!! I better read Wikipedia more often! 
4 stars for the food quality.  3 stars for the service. 2 stars for atmosphere. Would come here again but wouldn't go too much out of my way.I was soooo disappointed. Called at 6:50pm for a pepperoni pizza. Was told and hour and half and totally went with it.  2 hours later, no pizza. Called to check on our order and the lady couldn't find it. Called a different pizza place and 15 minutes later our pizza showed up from Slice. What a circus!!!This is a very good pizza place but they can be very very slow.  Service is very friendly but I ordered take out.  They told me 30 min.  After 30 min, I had to wait for another 45 minutes!  Needless to say, I'm thinking twice before ordering  from here again.It seems rumours of Slice's decline are true. I was informed by the stoned-sounding person who answered the phone that delivery would be 1 hour, and then that their delivery minimum has increased to $15.  I was going to get the spaghetti and meatballs out of sheer laziness, as I have before; their pizza has become increasingly flavorless. Oh, well, there's now Dolce Vita!Delish pizza and Salads. Ate here twice and could have eaten here again. So yummy, and pretty quick. I am from New York and I can honestly say... This pizza is BETTER. Not greasy... full of flavor. Yumm!UberEats completely messed up our order. Our food literally disappeared. We called Slice directly to bring it to their attention and the manager working on 5/2/17 went out of her way to prioritize and correct the order UberEats messed up. They went above and beyond. They fixed an issue that wasn't there's. I recommend ordering from Slice directly, they deliver as long as you're within their radius. Plus, the food is delicious - if you're a pasta lover I recommend the meatballs and red gravy.So I'm in New Orleans staying exactly 7 blocks away from this pizzeria . I usually don't order delivery because it's takes dinosaurs years to get here. I ordered pizza at 6:50 PM and at 8:30 PM it arrived very cold. Honestly if I had paid cash I would have refused the order but I used card. Pizza tasted good but I'm sure it would have been amazing hot. This delivery has reassured me in the future to never order delivery. Oh one more thing this night they only had one guy to delivery . He looked pissed when he arrived with my cold pizza but I still tipped .The manager is the most rude individual i have ever met.
Self interested and mocked me in front of other customers.Food is good.  They are very slow at getting your food out!  I am sitting at the bar now still waiting.  I have been here for an hour for a calzone and a cookie and raviolis!  Need to work on the customer service!It's as good as I remember it back in college. Hot and crispy crust.   Solid supreme pizza is a staple. Plus the tomato basil soup was delicious.  We also ordered   Chocolate chip bread pudding...get dat!Yay no thick crust. Had tossed I believe. They have lots of varieties. Order it by the slice or a whole pizza. The slices are nice sized. The pizza is really good. We had the meat lovers & the white pizza. We had a coke & a Dr. Pepper. The mixture was off for both. My coke was light colored & tasted watered down like it had been sitting in ice for a long period of time. Hardly any syrup. I hope it was just the night & not a regular thing. 
When you walk in you will immediately see the bar. Walk past to the hostess station on the left if no one is instructing you. If no one is there to seat you then take a seat & they will serve you. 
This is really good pizza at $2.50-$4.00 a slice. You can find lots of pizza around town but not this good. We found Slice to be clean & with the best pizza for your money.Visiting from Miami. Ordered delivery.. pizza sucked. Just wasn't good pizza. Super soggy in the middle. Annoying.Amazing pizza and you have to try the BBQ Shrimp Poboy.  It's a hidden treasure in a menu full of Italian food.They were out of the two starters I ordered (boudin and gumbo) and 3 of 9 beers on tap were not on, but the two slices I tried were very good. Friendly staff. Right on St. Charles. Recommended for thin crust pizza lovers.Lots of pizza joints in the city, but this place does a great job melding the different flavors of the city with the traditional Italian classics. Check out the full menu, which includes some tasty drinks to wash down the fresh ingredients on your pie.Great pizzeria!  Seemed to be full of locals, which is always a plus. My husband had the meat lovers calzone.  Loved it so much, he had it two nights in a row!  First time, I tried the penne pasta dish, which was ok, and next time I tried the cheese calzone.  My calzone broke while in the oven, so they brought me a piece of cheese pizza to hold me over.  Pizza was good, but the calzone was better!  
Definitely recommend!Excellent pizza a bit pricey but worth it bring back the old specials :) @@@ bring it to the west bankGreat I love the pizza here .. parking is a lil rough but other then that everything is great the environment is cool the staff is friendlyGood location, cozy, excellent food worth the waitThis place satisfied my late night munchies. Anna and the boys were awesome--super welcoming, hospitable, and really chill. She gave us a bunch of tips for local favorites and things to do and was very helpful, down-to-earth, and genuine. You don't get nice service like this in Los Angeles which is regrettable. 
The food was awesome. I had the Sicily-Anna slice and the D-lux. Both were flavorful and hit the spot. I also had a cucumber limeade cocktail and my girl had the pineapple mojito. Strong and tasty drinks. 
The atmosphere is a cross between hometown pizza joint and hipster haven, which is to say cool but genuine. Portlandesque? Neat art on the walls and clean dining area and restrooms. What else can you ask for? 
I will definitely be back before we leave to try more slices and cocktails. Definitely recommend.Love the fact that you can have a fresh slice of pizza made to order. Had the meat lovers slice which was awesome. However there was something off about their sausage and chicken gumbo. Overall I give them a good review because the food and service was good.Great pizza, and helpful service. Two slices and I was stuffed! I would go back again.Great pizza by the slice location with some really good pizza combinations.  I recommend the 9th ward slice.  It's unique!  Feels like a neighborhood bar and staff are extremely friendly.The first time we ordered delivery, no problem at all. 
The most recent time: 
quoted delivery time - 1 - 1.5 hrs
Actual delivery time - 2 hrs.
The pizza is cold. The cokes are warm (and dented!). 
They did give me half off when I called. Still  disappointed.Stopped in for a late dinner last night...had the Caesar salad, the Fresh slice, and the hubby had a slice of the pancetta/Gorgonzola/arugula and the bacon/roasted garlic slice.  Perfect meal with friendly staff.  The kitchen was a little slow, but other than that had a great time.We love the thin crust pizza!! We have never had anything but absolutely positive experiences dining at Slice on St. Charles. Kids love the plain cheese and pepperoni and the grown ups devour their specialty pizzas. I don't have a favorite because I change my order each time and leave completely satisfied. Go get a slice from Slice!I'm not 100% sure whether the name "Slice" refers to the pizza or to the long, narrow shape of the restaurant (there is a slightly wider dining room in back), but the pizza slices are good.
I tried a variety, experimenting with regular pizza, white pizza, and something they called a fresh pizza. You can get toppings per slice, and the arugula covering my white pizza was a winner. The pepper jelly I got on my regular slice was a bit too sweet, but I knew I was getting it on a lark. The fresh slice, with extra basil and tomatoes, wasn't particularly special.
They had an energetic staff and a wide menu, and I think I could do well trying other things.Love this place.  Where else can you try speciality pizzas by the slice.  The prices are very reasonable and one slice is enough for a meal.  Everything we have tried has been good.  The garlic bread with cheese is great.  The MTB Panini (mozzarella, tomato, basil-pesto) is terrific.  The ingredients are very fresh.
Recent bonus.  They now have Aventinus Weizenbock beer on tap from Germany.  This is a strong, dark, wheat doppelbock.  They serve it in authentic glasses.  With 8.2% alcohol, this beer has a kick!Slice is fighting to overtake Reginelli's for my favorite Pizza in the metro area. The Pizza is delish, and you can by it, as the name implies, by the slice. The only drawback is the place trys too hard too be "hip" and it can (but dows not always) show in the attitude of the waitstaff and the speed of the kitchen.Soooo good. It was nice to have the option of just a slice of pizza, and a wide selection of slice pizza. The meatballs were really good as was the bruschetta - really good. Nice staff, clean. The brownie cookie together was good but underwhelming, the cookie alone and brownie alone are good enough. Good drinks, great location. Not bad pricing. Enjoy.I have such a crush on Slice! Wine Wednesdays hooked me in, distinctive toppings and toasty crust kept me coming back. This location in particular is comfy with groovy music and super nice staff. If pizza was actually a food category, I'd be in big trouble.love to eat here they r solo good even the salads are great
aparreb apparently our view is too short while I'm sorry it doesn't take that much to talk about that too but he's a good or it's notPayed a visit to Slice while staying at a B&B on Prytania St. The white pizza was awesome; just like what I used to get while living in the northeast! I'll definitly keep this place in mind if I make it back to New Orleans in the future.Amazing food and it's priced well.  Service was great and the waiter was honest about how much was needed to fill you up.  Half salad+slice or two slicesThe service puts this one over the top. Everyone was very friendly and the place had a 'real' feal. Even the patrons seemed like a nice bunch. I think if I lived near by this could become a regular spot for me. Good food and atmosphere at a great price.
The pizza itself is probably not the best you've ever had, but it just might come in second.They deliver now! God be praised! Hence the four stars. As for the pizza, it's better than average, but somehow doesn't have the "wow" factor of Pizza Delicious. The sauce is rather bland, and the crust is overpoweringly doughy and a bit sweet. I usually get the Fresh Pie or pies with meat toppings, and I have to say that every pizza sort of tastes the same. I imagine this is quite popular with all the little kids - it's bland but filling.FINALLY, I find a place in New Orleans that seems not to be teeming with tourists ... tough to find "locals" places in this town.  The chicken, bacon, and basil ravioli were insanely delicious - perfectly cheesy, baked hot in a cast-iron dish, flavorful - the crushed tomato sauce was the perfect foundation on which the other flavors were built, and the fresh basil on top simply POPPED in my mouth.  Wonderful.
Warm, friendly, accommodating and casual - not to metion very reasonably priced, Slice is a gem ... smack dab on St Charles - easy street parking on the sidestreets.Decent place overall, the margherita pizza is decent at best. IDK if it was to much sauce and not enough of cheese or if the crust was to thick or or if the crust was chewy.. just didn't blow me away. Although ingredients were good and fresh, you can taste the freshness for sure. Good place for a quick bite.How can this place be only 4 stars! UNDESERVED! We had the "D-Luxe" pizza delivered via Uber Eats, and the thin crust, tomato sauce, pepperoni, cajun-italian sausage, ground beef, onions, mushrooms, green bell peppers, green and kalamata olives, extra cheese -- all contributed to an amazing umami! And don't get me started on the Mesclun salad with fresh blackberries and strawberries, pecans, and goat cheese . . . OMG! The food safari continues! As far as the pizza is concerned, FIVE EASY STARS! (Can't speak for the establishment itself, but the pizza got to our hotel fast!)I was surprised when I first entered this establishment.  The waitress reminded me of the spirit of the Austin Texas locals and the cook had HUGE hair that was carefully pulled back.  The restrooms were very clean minus an accumulation of dust dirt on the window.
The staff was attentive and the beverages were cold. My husband has has several slices of pizza at different times all he enjoyed.  (Meatlovers, Bacon Basil and Garlic, and the Meat Lovers).
 I have had the pasta with white sauce and salmon.  This was a very rich and tastey dish.  However should I care to have it again I would ask for the sauce on the side.  I have also tried the Wicked Garden calzone it is crusty and bursting with cheese.  
I wish the Magazine location would have the specials provided at St Charles location. 
Both locations were excellent!  We will  be frequent visitors of this establishment.  Especially since there is an unobstructed view int the kitchen.Stopped here on Tuesday afternoon for a late lunch: one of their specialty slices and an Abita draft. I can't remark about much on the menu, since I only had one item, but that was terrific, and to judge from the the other plates around me, Slice does it right; all of it looked good---entrees, sandwiches, pies---even on a rainy Tuesday at 2:30pm. Can't imagine pizza getting much better in NOLA (though if you're looking for New York style, continue onward). Good atmosphere and service,  the only drawback being the tight parking off St. Charles.I visited Slice wanting some good pizza while in NOLA for a conference.  The service was fantastic - just the right amount of attention.  I was sitting by myself, but my server didn't make me feel like I was "taking up a table" 
I ordered a surprise calzone and it was absolutely delicious.  I waited about 25 minutes for it, which just made me convinced they really did just make it.  It had sausage, tomatoes, an unbelievable amount of cheese, spinach, and more.  It was a perfect size - I got full about 3/4ths of the way through. 
I eavesdropped on the servers and cooks who chatted an equal mix of business and real life.  They seemed to really enjoy working together, but never let work go undone.
Reasonable prices, great atmosphere.  If you're looking for a great place to grab a pizza I highly recommend Slice.Exceptional pizza! I particularly like the special with everything on it. The pies are large and the toppings are fresh.All pizza in New Orleans must be compared to the greatness that is Pizza Delicious and this pizza is ok but not even close. They have more of a selection then PD but the quality and crust are no where near as good. If your uptown this is not a bad option for pizza but for me its just ok.I like to keep my pizza simple and the Slice pepperoni calzone is as good as it gets. Absolutely delicious and at under $10 it is a filling lower cost lunch on the Avenue.The food here was pretty good and the portions huge.  The only thing that dissappointed me was the service.  We had three severs and I don't think any of them smiled once.The service was great! The bartender had a full conversation with us...we felt very welcomed to the area. The pizza is pretty thin...I like thick pizza myself, but the service is great.super tasty pizza and I am from Philly so I know pizza lolAs someone from Chicago, I would consider myself a pizza snob. I usually eat deep-dish pizza but the thin crust pizza here is amazing. The types of pizza they have could be comparable to Cali Pizza Kitchen but SLICE is way, Way, WAY better. The fact that I could try their different pizzas in slice-form was an added bonus. The staff were nice and friendly as well. I had two tastey and filling slices for less than $10! I will be back.I was with a group of people and we ordered cheesy garlic bread, BBQ shrimp, Ceasars Salad and a Large Pepperoni. It was unanimous the food tasted fresh and the service was excellent. If you're in the areas check out Slice Pizzaria you won't regret it.Awesome service. Polite staff. A fun atmosphere. We had the Margarita pizza and it was delicious. Cheese is great quality. Had a drink while I waited for my pickup order and pour was perfect!I love this place. The calzones are the best I ever had, the pizza is very good and everything is made from scratch. The desserts are okay, but just a bit too heavy after a good Italian meal. 
Regular's Tip: If you get the salad, ask for the dressing on the side.Pizza was great, gumbo even better! And right next door to the inn we stayed at!!!! Awesome reasonable place, great drink prices tooWe came back here 2x in 16 days while we were here in New Orleans!
I know pizza's not what you're looking for while you're in New Orleans, but they have some great selections of different pizzas that make you want to come back again to try the ones you didn't try the first time!
1. They have an EXTREMELY reasonable and cheap price. Their gourmet slices, which are huge and filling, run around $3 per slice. That's like almost COSTCO pizza prices!!!
2. Their ingredients are noticeably fresh, even to the average joe! Garlic, prosciutto, the cheese! 
3. Barbecue shrimp for the win! My coworker and I shared a plate both times and we were in heaven. The bread and the sauce were just perfect complements to each other and the portion was fantastic for the appetizer.
4. Service was great. The waiters were very attentive and kept us well and happy with drinks throughout dinner.
I'm from LA and I've been to Pizzeria Mozza and all those snazzy pizza places in LA, but this one is definitely up there without the super expensive prices of those other places. Love Slice!I came to Slice on the recommendation of a friend and I'm not a pizza aficionado by any means unless it's out of a box but this is damn good pizza.  I luv that it's thin crust and you can get it by the slice and these aren't a small slice. I've never had pizza in New York City but I've been told it's just as good. Now, my only complaint is that the bartenders (the females) don't ever seem to be eager to wait on other females. Word of advise, we usually tip better than men. But overall,  a great place to grab a slice.OMG I could live off this .... the BBQ shrimp perfection.... the boudin......  great food - great price! The gumbo ... at first I thought what no rice? Then I see the boudin... cut it up & it was a cup of perfection!Great pizza, love that you can order by the slice to experiment.  They have some creative slices. Anna was our server and was awesome and took care of us, didn't wait long for anything (we ordered speciality cocktails too).  We took our kids and they enjoyed it too.  Great staff, kick ass pizza.Extremely disappointed during this visit. We are regulars at Juans and frequent the slice location on magazine street but decided to give this one a try since it is a bit closer to our home. We are a huge fan of the margaritas and love the consistency at both locations, but it wasn't the same recipe here. Our sever didn't seem interested in taking care of us. The restaurant wasn't busy, he dropped off the food and disappeared. The pizza was good, After finishing our slices we had planned to order another round of slices and drinks but the server dropped off our check and walked off without asking if we needed anything else. Definitely disappointedSooo good. Sooo sooo good. Try the alligator sausage. Yum!! We also had the spinach, sundried tomato, and artichoke. Mmmm... The woman who took our to-go order was friendly and shared her suggestions. Thin crust pizza. Quality ingredients (you can taste it). Reminds me of Pie in the Sky in Berkeley, CA.Great pizza - just as good as other reviewers say. Good service. Good salads. Decent price. Left very happy.
Only downside was the fountain soda that tasted really heavily of chlorine but that seems to be a generic problem with the water across New Orleans, not the fault of this restaurant...The pizza was OK. I've had a lot better. The place smelled like a moldy basement and messed with the experience. Waitstaff continually suggested drinks even though we told them we weren't going to be drinking that night and then kept passing up our table even though the place was nearly empty! Small, cramped, smelly, overly hyped. I would advise if you're going to eat pizza from Slice, order it to go. Would have had a better review if I just took the food home.Chianti happy hour $3.  Good pizza, with unusual options.  If you want to break out of a pizza rut, this is the way to do it.Great pizza!! Had the Hawaiian pizza--delicious! Arugula salad very tasty. And Bloody Mary's---yummy!!!!!!!
Would return.I couldn't face one more conversation re: dinner. After a long day of work & school, standing over a stove was the last thing I was worried about. Pizza to the rescue!
Slice offered everything I needed: hot, fresh pizza, ready and waiting for me when I arrived within the timeframe I was given over the phone. It was a little soggy by the time I got it home (5 minutes?), it tasted as good as it looked. 
But 3 stars? Well, I think the Magazine location offers a better pizza and higher quality, in both appearance ans taste. That's too bad, since this location is so close to home.Let me start this review by saying that my "par" for pizza is Star in Houston - the best I've had in the world.
Roaming the streets of New Orleans (outside the French Quarter for once), we stumbled upon this little dive. The wait staff seemed younger and more "indie" than most people we'd even seen in New Orleans, which was interesting. It's obviously close to a university or something. They were quick to recommend their favorites, and we took them.
I had a slice of the spinach, sun-dried tomato, and artichoke "white" pizza (that means no tomato sauce) and a slice of the white pie, which had several cheeses on it. Both were pretty amazing, even though it may not be the best pizza in the world.
We finished with the praline gelato and a shot of espresso, both of which were great. We call New Orleans "The Big Lazy" for how lethargic we find most people here to be. The pizza alone would have earned this place 4 stars, but the prompt and friendly service and modern ambiance gave it the extra bump it needed. A great, cheap lunch or dinner spot if you're ever in the area.I had actually never eaten here when my boyfriend brought me to this place a few months back.
I got some kind of calzone that was really salty and cheesy.  The cheese wasn't bad, but it was a little too salty for my liking.  Also, we went on a Saturday night, and although they weren't insanely packed, it took them forever to get us our order.  I would go back again (my rule is to try a place twice, unless the food is horrible), but I would be more careful about what I order (when they call something "meaty", they mean it!).A great dive pizzeria. Twice I got the Sportsman, once as a slice and again as a calzone. This was easily the best slice of pizza I can remember. The garlic bread is also amazing. 
The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is rough and kind of hipster-y, but in a good way. This is the type of pizza joint you want to visit. It's also right next door to The Streetcar Inn, so definitely hit it up if you're staying there.This place was FANTASTIC!!! I started with a caesar salad and then had the BBG calzone with grilled chicken added. So so amazing!! I was so glad we came here on our last night of vacation.Love it. They had a macaroni and bacon pizza my son loved. 
The food was good and fresh. It was nice to sit outside and enjoy our food while people watching. 
We will go backAbove average pizza. I used to stop here after work fairly frequently, as it's right by my house. But a word of advice for your staff: If you're going to intentionally screw up an order so you can comp your friend free food, make sure the friend and the screwed-over customer aren't sitting right next to each other at the bar. I'd already been waiting for about 15 minutes when a server came up and told me my order had gotten burned and they were going to make it again. I said that I was in a hurry to get home so I didn't really care, but he insisted that it was "so burned you wouldn't want to eat it; trust me, it's really bad." Shortly after that a different person dropped my (perfectly fine) order down in front of the woman sitting next to me (who appeared to be friends with several of the staff, and who had been whining about being hungry but not wanting to wait for leftovers at the end of the night), saying, "Good news, we 'burned' this order so you can have it." I then sat there for a further 15 minutes watching this girl eat the food that should have been mine, before my re-done order was ready. I've got no objection to giving your friends the hook-up if you work food service--I've been on both the giving and receiving end of that equation many times--but you've gotta do it with a *little* more finesse than that. Not to mention that it shouldn't be at the expense of a paying customer. This happened a couple months ago, and I've thought about going back a few times, but...nope. I'd rather drive to Pizza Delicious or Pizza Domenica.I keep trying to get into Slice, but every time I go, I keep getting another reason to not like it.  There is NOTHING on the menu without cheese on it.  When you ask them for something without cheese , either it comes pre-made like that or they just can't do it.  The one thing I had ont he menu that was excellent, they took off.  Not my favorite place to eat.Wow, a good tasting pizza in NOLA. I would have gave it five but they don't deliver and they kinda skimped on the pepperoni. Really was a darn good pie though.By the 2 stars you know I didn't enjoy this place. The pizza took more than 30 minutes and there were only 2 more tables in the place. We got one pizza split in half between the 2 Cajun themed pizzas. The toppings weren't bad but if there were 2 full shrimp on the entire half, I'd be surprised. The crust was very hard and not really flavorful. On top of that, the waitress, who was friendly, asked for a 5 star review which after everything that transpired seemed in poor taste. This is not New York style pizza. It was very cracker like.I visit here every time I am in New Orleans. they sell pizza by the slice or whole pizza. chill bar to hang at. Employees are excellent. Until next time yummy yummyArrived in NOLA for my 40th and we were staying at the Avenue garden Hotel next door. 5 of us just flew in and were starving! We were supposed to go to Willie Maes for the fried chicken but there was a line wrapped around the building. So we decided to check this place out because it was convenient and it was worth it.
One thing I like was you could get ANY type of pizza they had for a slice! Most places have limited selections when it comes to the per slice. The pizza was pretty freakin awesome! Ny Style like I love it and full of flavor! 
We were so impressed we managed to squeeze this place in a 2nd time. 
The second time we didnt have pizza. Garlic Bread was great. Mushroom Crostini was very good, Caprese Salad was decent.. The pasta was a heaping portion and filling but it was kind of bland. However, the item I was least thrilled with was the bread pudding.. it was definitely cake not bread pudding. The only reason I wasn't impressed is because I was expecting bread pudding.  
For NOLA I expect an overabuncance of flavor so for the pasta portion I was left a bit in the "meh" category but the pizza.. SPOT ON!Probably my favorite pizza in New Orleans. I love that you can get any of their pizzas by the slice, and one is enough to fill you up, wash it down with an Abita amber and I am in pizza heaven. The dough is tender with just the slightest bit of crispyness on the edges, the sauce is smooth and flavorful and the toppings run the gambit. Enjoy!This is the original location of Slice which has started to expand to other locations.  This location is nearest to my house and the most convenient to me.  If all your in the mood for is one slice of pizza this is probably the best place to get a highly customized slice to fit your hearts desire.  The pizza here is ok to me and I like the availability of all the topping choices.  I still rarely end up here as when I'm in the mood for pizza I usually go to Theo's, Pizza Delicious, or the $5 pint and a slice deal at New York Pizza.  This is certainly a decent place for a slice but I always need more than one slice!Great fresh pizza but not good for reheat!  Got the meatlovers and enjoyed it when it was fresh.I have lived many places, and one thing is for sure - NOLA doesn't really "do" pizza.  However, given that Slice is some of the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life, I feel that NOLA should rethink this immediately.  
Slice is my favorite spot in NOLA.  I am there a few times a month, and I don't even like pizza all that much.  I am literally addicted to the blue cheese, proscuitto, and arugula pizza, although the greek with anchovies runs a close second.  You know though, scratch that - EVERY kind of pizza that I have ever had there was spot-on.  Their salads are delicious (the ceasar dressing is superb) and they have a ton of great beers.   I've come to love Slice pizza more than po'boys, and that is a hard battle to win, people.Nice concept. ASk for Wanda at St. Charles. Good pizza. Nice size slices to share. The Italian food also looked good. Half off on wine on Wednesday. Price is right.Great little place!  We stopped in on a rainy Friday and the place was packed.  After waiting about ten minutes for a table, we were seated and ordered drinks (iced teas),  salads (arugula and gorgonzola for my companion and caprese for me), and our meals.  I decided on the old-standby pepperoni while he ordered a slice of the arugula, mozzarella,  and prosciutto.  Our salads came out pretty quickly, and we both enjoyed them immensely.  The caprese was made with Slice's homemade mozzarella, and man... it was incredible - possibly the best caprese I've ever had.
But then we waited for our pizza.  And we waited.  And we waited some more.  We waited close to 45 minutes for two slices of pizza.  When they finally arrived, I was convinced they would be cold, but they weren't.  But I did laugh at my friend's pizza, which was a slice of cheese pizza with prosciutto and arugula plopped on top after the pizza had been taken out of the oven.  He said it was really good, but the presentation was very disappointing.
Tasty pizza, nice folks, but nothing special.A great place to chill out, have a great slice of pizza (or several) and a few beers. This is my "go-to" joint for pizza. The best part about their pizza is that they have a number of selections that can be ordered by the slice, giving people the opportunity to try as many as they can handle in one sitting. 
I recently tried the salad they have that has salmon on it and it's great too. Twice I've ordered it and it's my new personal favorite.
They've updated their menu and removed a few things. My favorite perk to this place is that, when we ask, they will still serve one of our favorite items that they removed.We have been going to slice since it opened.I had never been disappointed until now. The last few times we have been in not good. Menu changed. Food not so good ,like they don't care anymore. We would come in at least once a week.I want meatballs and the beautiful basil and garlic and sauce. What the heck happened.I can't believe we had such amazing pizza! We came from Boston and have had NY and New Haven style pizza and their meat lovers and Creole were incredible! Plenty of seating and the staff was nice. I can't wait to come back. 
From the moment we walked in, friendly service. The food was quick. Spritzer was a great compliment to the meat lover!Found this place after looking at Yelp reviews and were not disappointed. We ate here while riding the St. Charles streetcar. This was our first stop before heading to the Garden District and the Audubon Park. I had a muffaletta and my boyfriend had a slice of the shrimp and andouille sausage pizza.  The muffaletta was awesome and not overly huge or out of control in size. The pizza divine - tasty and unique with the special regional flavors. The service was great and they kept the ice tea coming - refills are key.  The decor was comfortable and cool and the location was perfect. Would definitely go back.Great food, great atmosphere, great service. Would definitely come back again! 
We got the four cheese, meat lovers, veggie, and creole pizzas and only had four slices left so needless to say they were pretty delicious.It was alright. We weren't very hungry so we each just decided to come in for a single slice each. And for the name being SLICE I don't think their individual slices were that great. Not enough cheese on mine. I had the Fresh and my husband had a cheese pizza with sausage on top. It was all just subpar and took FOREVER to get to us. I understand it's all freshly made but we just wanted single slices and I didn't think it would take that long. I'm assuming the rest of their food must be their specialty and I'd try more if we had the chance to go back but it was our last night in town and the "slice" from SLICE didn't leave me all that impressedI didn't try their pizza, but their calzone was just ok.  I won't be going back for the calzone, but maybe for their pizzaWe went to Slice after a long drive from South Carolina. The craft beer selection was very nice. We sat at the bar because the back smelled of cleaner.  The bar was a great choice because we met Richard the bar tender. He did not lead us astray.  Not only did he guide us to great food, he gave us some local advise on places to go while we are here. 
We got the BBQ shrimp appetizer, which was fab! The three of us ordered  3 different slices of pizzas. Muffuletta, the HAPP,& the D-Luxe. All pizzas were excellent!  We will be going back here.Enjoyed tasty petite salad and two slices on my lucky night tonight. Not only was all wine half off but my delicious glass of cote du rhone was served by Anna. For a warm welcome and best service in every way, request to sit in her section.My recent experience at Slice actually prompted me to join Yelp to post a review. 
The service given to me and my husband was beyond bad. My husband and I ordered slices of pizza and during our 45 minute wait for them, watched the table behind us (who came into the restaurant after us, were seated after us and ordered after us) be served and finish two courses before we had been served the single slices. 
We had been warned about the service and gave the restaurant a chance anyway because we had heard the pizza was good, especially for New Orleans. We were disappointed to realize the service was as had been described and the food was mediocre.I came here while on vacation, and while the pizza alone was delicious enough for a return visit, what I was truly enamored with was the Caesar Salad.  I was surprised at the addition of roasted red pepper, but it turned out to be a great compliment to the flavors!  I had to come back on my last night to get one last dose for takeout.  Image my disappointment when I got back to my hotel to find they'd forgotten to give me any dressing for my full serving of salad.  It was just not worth a 15min round trip walk for a girl alone at night to ask for a refund/get dressing.  Had to knock off a star for this cruel Caesar denial.
Other points in their favor:
*Our first night we came minutes before closing, so thought we should take-out so they could close down.  The server we talked to did not begrudge our late appearance in the least, and pleasantly encouraged  us to sit.  They seat up through closing.
*As hinted by the name, they also serve to-order pizza by the slice.  We were able to order a full pizza, and a specialty slice just to sample. Both delicious!Decent pizza, lots of great topping combos. You can get it by the slice which is nice especially when grabbing a quick bite between Mardis gras krewes.My GO-TO pizza place in NOLA.  You can't get pizza any better than this.  It's impressive and the combinations of pizzas they have are excellent.  The name of the establishment represents how they sell their pizzas, by the SLICE unlike most places. 
Upon entering you seat yourself and the open kitchen is great actually.  There are tables in the front, booths in the middle and a bar in the back somewhat like a pub type atmosphere.  The wait staff is always friendly and prompt.  
You can never leave here unhappy!Went in around 8. Ordered a meat-lovers pie. Girlfriend ordered a Strongbow. Strongbow came out without a glass. First sign that this wasn't going to be great. The waitress must have passed us about 20 times in the 45 minutes that we sat at our table. She came by around that time to ask if my Girlfriend wanted another Strongbow. Never said a word to us about our food or even a word to assure us that it was on it's way. Sure enough, when I get up to ask the cooks if there was a pie in the oven the answer came back, "NO." Everyone looked confused. The manager ushered me away from the front counter where I was about to get upset because of the lack of service. He apologized reluctantly and the waitress made up excuses and said that "it's typical for a pie to take 30 minutes to cook." Tell that to every other pizza place in town. Cafe Roma did a much better job the other night delivering a pie to my door in 20 minutes. I'll never go back to this place and It's not the first time I've had trouble with them. Since they moved the bar up front the place has gone from quirky and awesome to bleh and boring. Save your money and eat anywhere else.What can I say that hasn't already been said of this place. It's exceptional. The concept, a single slice of pie any style you want to include gourmet toppings at a reasonable price, is awesome.
Price is right, beer is cold, food is prepared very well.
Never been disappointed by this place, from the salads to the pie.We wandered in here accidental while strolling through the Garden District and boy are we glad we did! They have a lot of unique ingredients that are very fresh, such as broccoli and yellow corn. Their greek pizza is very delish! The crust is light and flaky, with a cornmeal bottom. 
Also, they have a nice full bar in the back, which makes having a beer and a pizza all the more enjoyable.On subsequent visits Slice has made up for its first-time awkwardness. And, truthfully, no kind of mediocre service could keep me away from the amazingness that is the "fresh" pizza. 
The "Fresh" pizza is so good i considered taking one home, just for the next morning, in case i woke up hungry. The fresh pie comes without any sauce but the mozzarella is piled on. MMM. Then there are tomato slices and fresh basil all on top. I can't do it justice with words. Every one of their salads is good, but a little expensive for the size. 
The waitresses (i've only had ladies) have all been more welcoming than my first visit. Yesterday they even offered me crostini (i'm not cool with paying for bread before a meal) to stave off my crazed-monster look i get when i'm low on foods. 
My final service comment is that i hate when they bring you the bill half-way through your meal!!! What if you wanted to order another drink? Or a dessert even?! I understand that they're being proactive or whatever but it's really one of the rudest things you can do to someone enjoying their meal- and it's happened to me at Slice over and over. Which is why I can't review their desserts. 
So, Slice is getting a better review this time because maybe the staff were having a bad night my first time around. But, I must say, it's a little unnerving that there are a few (3 or 4) children running (literally running) back and forth through this little place. I wanted to grab one and shout "that's enough!" before he knocked into someone's beer or splattered some marinara everywhere.This is my favorite local pizza chain. Hands down. Their pizzas aren't too crunchy too soft. Not too cheesy or leaving you wanting more. They have excellent combinations and specialities, and the ingredients taste noticeably fresh. They sell huge slices for a great price. Staff is always very friendly!Really good pizza - thin crust and perfect. I tried a cheese free piece with arugula and other veggies. The rest of the table had the d-lux which has a bit of everything. Rave reviews from all four of us!Was the pizza great? Yes
Crust crispy and thin? Yes
Server nice and attentive? Yes (also cute - bonus)
What about the drank? It was dank. The cucumber limeade. I got two.
I think I pretty much covered all the important stuff here. Go here and shut up. It's tasty and you'll leave un-hungry. 
Done.Gotta love the pitcher special- paired with their generally good pricing, and the quality of food,  makes for a great dinner. 
Tip; The restaurant just keeeps onnnn goinngg. Like an ass, I picked a seat in the cramped front of the house. Didn't realize there was so much more dining room until I went to use the restroom... Much nicer!Eclectic customers, and good food at reasonable prices.  What more do you want?The slices here are really good (and fresh).  We got one slice each and shared a bread pudding.  A great, no fuss meal under $15.  I'll be back.Growing up in New Jersey, I have fond memories of getting slices of pizza for a dollars from the local pizzeria. Slice is the closing thing I've had to the real thing since I moved to the South. While I usually order a plain slice, I've heard all their more exotic slices are just as delicious. 
I highly recommend Slice (on St. Charles, I had a bad experience with the Magazine one) to any and everyone who loves great food at a low price.Slice is awesome for kids and such a deal.  a "slice" is only $3-4 and they are HUGE plenty of food!  I usually grab a petite salad along with a sliceI often find myself driving by slice but never had the urge to go inside.  After reading all the rave reviews I decided to give it a go.  I wasn't disappointed, they have a good and unique selection of pizza and the thin crust is great.  I'm not sure if I prefer this place over Regenelli's.  I'll have to come back a few more times to decide that.Awesome! I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who likes fresh ingredients and great pizza.I go here fairly often during the week, and I'd suggest this is definitely the time to go. The daily drink specials are hard to beat. One day is half price bottle wine, and another is half price pitchers of beers. Pretty unbeatable.
The pizza isn't amazing, but as far as New Orleans pizza goes, it is pretty good. Although the crust is a little too hard/crunchy for me. But they definitely make up for this with quality toppings (prosciutto, artichoke hearts, house made mozzarella, etc.), and interesting combinations for their full pies.
Always great service and great atmosphere, and for the price point (especially during the week if you want a drink) it hits the spot.The food, prices, and atmosphere are good.  We like it because my daughter can get a plain slice and we can get something different.  My only complaint is it is one of those places where they don't write down your order, so mistakes happen.  Last time they forgot our appetizer entirely.So, like every fucking restaurant in garden/uptown that's not bar food closes at 9 on Sunday, where are we Dayton, oh?!? So me and a friend decide to walk to slice from my place. 
On the way there we encounter a man who is clearly dressed from a restaurant job (probably a stupid restaurant that closes at 9) who "has to get to DEEP Kenner" and his "friends car overheated" so he needs two dollars for bus fare. First of all what bus goes to Kenner, second of all, maybe you should have asked a coworker I have no cash, so he walk past us and calls me a "fucking bitch." Good start to the meal!
We sit down and are Informed mimosas and bloodys are half off. AMAZING. Our waiter is nice and very alt, in fact the whole bar crowd was alt. I could def see our waiters moose knuckle. 
Pizza was totes dec!
(Not as good as New York)
Bloodys were pretty good, could use a slice of bacon in them but had okra!Great staff, very friendly.  Great pizza.  I like that they sell by the slice.  Lots of toppings.  Open late and looks like a lot of locals hang out there.   Awesome drink prices!!! We are so glad they are next door to our hotel.Their pizza is the best thin crust pizza in town! Salads are great as well. Hope off of the streetcar and get you some pizza!Yummy lunch for $3.50!  (Greek pizza slice was delicious, good music-- though loud, and very nice people.)We decided to duck in here for a quick bite during one of the Mardi Gras parades because we figured pizza would be quick and easy.
What we got was a friendly and delicious spot. Our waitress was charming and funny. In fact, all three staff members we spoke to were really friendly and helpful.  
The pizza was good! Thin crust and not nearly as big as a NY slice but still a decent size. I ate two, one would have left me hungry. I ordered the BBG (bacon, basil, and garlic.) It was really good! It's a white pizza with ricotta and cloves of roasted garlic on it in addition to the bacon and fresh basil. I am going to have to try to make it at home since I don't live here. Delish. My friends loved their pizza and salad too but I wasn't paying enough attention to tell you what they had. Meat lovers was one I think. 
Anyway, I would definitely come back next time I'm in the neighborhood.Went there twice on a recent trip down to New Orleans.  This place serves thin crust specialty pizzas as well as the classics, sandwiches, salads and pastas.  I have tried both their veggie and their spinach, sun dried tomato, artichoke pizza and both were really good.  The veggie pie had ample veggies that were all flavorful.  The combination was good, but I thought the green olives were a little overpowering (even more so than the kalamata olives).  I thought the spinach, sun dried tomato and artichoke pie was better, with a good amount of ingredients that didn't really overpower one another.  Both were on thin crusts and neither pie was greasy.  I'm sad I never got to try any of their desserts as their tiramisu and bread pudding looked promising.  I believe my favorite part of the whole experience was walking into the bathroom and finding a painting on the wall of Van Gogh's Starry Night with pizza pies in place of the bright round stars.  I got to speak to the worker who had painted it, and he said he was working on a Salvador Dali one in the men's restroom!  If it had been finished at the time, I would have sneaked into the men's bathroom to snap a pic...of the painting.  Best bathroom surprise EVER. So check this place out for the pizza, the beer, and definitely for the restrooms!Soo delicious!!!!calzone was gargantuan and the gorgonzola pizza had the right balance of favors.i actually enjoyed this pizza better than in Chicago!!shocking I know.great friendly service too.yummy cheese bread as well!definitely my go to place if I head back to Nola.:)I'm from Nevada/California so the South is new for me. The vibe of this place is off the hook. The chef's are bumping tunes and dancing while they cook. Our  waiter was super helpful and knowledgable about the beer and the food. Just a good dude. 
He recommended the BBQ Shrimp app Boy and it was PHENOMENAL. One of the best meals I've ever had. If you come here GET THE PO BOY!!!Talk about an unassuming place, Slice is it. Located near Lee circle, this place is easy to access using the St. Charles street car line. There is street parking but usually is filled up. 
I discovered the place quite by accident but I'm glad I did. 
I went in thinking "OK, gourmet pizza by the slice. good deal". I was pleasantly surprised. Waitstaff is funny and friendly, and the food is great. I went in as a party of four and we all got something different. Mine was called a Trucker, it was from the Calzone section of the menu and it was one of the best calzones I've ever had and I'm from New England and lived in Italy. Leave to NOLA to make the calzone their own, Slice serves it bent in a crescent shape, what can you expect from the crescent city. It was just the right amount of olive oil, meat juices and cheese oil. Blended together a fabulous balance. Slice does them slightly different in that they serve the sauce on the side and not in the calzone. 
Portion sizes are good, bordering on huge but that just means you can have it the next day for breakfast. If you want a great pizza treat in NOLA, you can't go wrong with Slice. Only criticism is that rest rooms are below par, only real compliant.One word. Amazing! Had a Spinach salad and the pesto ravioli w/ chicken and bacon. The food was phenomenally fresh and tasty. The roasted tomatoes in the salad were just great. I called ahead for pick-up so when I got it home it was warm. I can only imagine how great it would be getting it straight outta the oven.... Next time I''ll dine in!My first taste of New Orleans was Slice. Pizza, hmm... Now what I wouldve thought of, but it was awesome pizza at that. Took a few minutes to cook, but the slice I got was worth it. We stayed down the road just a short walk away, but I would've driven for another slice after hanging out on Frenchmen St.
Atmosphere and the music was very Baltimore, where I'm from, and the staff was pleasant, so it felt like a piece of home on St Charles Ave.
I'll eat here again very soon. Hopefully sooner than I expected! New Orleans did something to me unexplainable, and it's places like this that are pullin me back!I had the special slice (which was loaded with baked potato, garlic, cheese, chives and optional bacon) and it was fantastic. Now this is not a thick slice, on the contrary. I'd say it's a bit costly for such a teeny slice (hence the 4 stars) but it tasted very good. Their Italian Soda is awesome too.Yum!!! Nice, casual and great pizza.Awesome place for vegans. All their dough is vegan so order any pizza without cheese and you're set. Good beer and cocktail selection for while you wait on your to go order or if you're eating in. Delicious stuff.Quality pizza joint in NO.  I don't say this lightly being originally from NY and love NY Pizza.  Though I did not have pizza the calzone I had was fantastic, you could tell all the ingredients were fresh.  The vegs and the cheese are on point, the calzone dough was cooked to perfection, crispy and brown on the outside and chew and tasty on the inside.
The bar drinks are what you expect in NO, strong and tasty.  I had a mango margarita on the rocks....dudes don't drink slushies.  They made their own mango infused tequila....now that's a real restaurant.Pros:
-good portions
-amazing pizza, pasta and salad 
-free refills
-super friendly waiter
-got seated very quickly 
-can reasonably seat eight
-accessible by street car or regular car (street parking but it's a good neighborhood)
-gluten free and vegan options
-could (and did) order a sangria 
-Hipster vibes
Cons:
-we saw two cockroaches (our waiter squished one of them for us and it was more funny than disturbing but they were big)
I will definitely come back on my next trip to New Orleans. The food was delicious and the people were friendly.Slice rocks!  I go there for their gluten-free personal pan pizzas... The deluxes are under ten bucks!  And their italian cream sodas are smooth and refreshing.  The atmosphere is chill and almost hipster and this last visit we got a spunky waitress named Anna who had great drink recommendations and got me to try several drinks that I otherwise wouldn't have tried.  Thanks, Slice!  Delish as always!Slice is pretty good, and one of the better pizza places in the city, if not the best. The St Charles location is definitely better than the one on Magazine Uptown.We split a half salad and a medium Siciliana Marinara pizza and it was too much food. The pizza was cooked to perfection with a nice chew to the crust... not to mention to abundance of great fresh peppery arugula that topped the pizza. Service was quick and attentive. Decent selection on tap, as well.After being on the road for 4 hours, the BF and I we were in the mood for some good thin crust pizza. I love Slice and hadn't been in ages, and he had never been, so away we went.
The atmosphere at Slice is a little off being that it's a really long and narrow space.  That aspect doesn't bother me, it just feels...odd.  
The service at Slice is always friendly and attentive. No complaints.
I really love the pizza at Slice!  I LOVE LOVE LOVE how many choices you have that you can order by the slice.  
We got the standard Pepperoni, the BBG which was a white pizza with smoked bacon, fresh basil, roasted and fresh garlic, the PGA which was procuitto di parma, imported gorgonzola, organic arugula, and the specialty Mac n' Cheese pizza, which had pasta and a ton of bacon and cheese on it.  I wasn't sure how that would work for a pizza, but the server said it was amazing.  He was right.  My boyfriend wasn't a huge fan of the PGA, but he loved the BBG.  I thought they were all yummalicious.
The prices are extremely reasonable.  We got two slices of pizza each, we shared an Italian salad, I had 2 mimosas, and my BF had 2 beers, and our bill was $31!  
Can I say again how much I love Slice?
If I had one complain, the only one would be that I would've liked my pizza to be hotter.  I like my food to be insanely hot.
Tip:  Mimosas are $3.50 all day on Sundays!Pizza by the slice, or whole pies, in a pleasant setting served by engaging, friendly servers.
Located on St. Charles.  Street parking might be challenging but taking the streetcar is easy and convenient.
Their specialty pies include intriguing combinations and I had difficulty choosing.  Ultimately, I over-ordered, sampling three different slices:  BBG (white pizza with bacon, basil and roasted garlic), Meat Lovers, and a custom slice (onion and mushrooms added to a cheese slice).
The BBG had amazing large pieces of roasted garlic that I adored but most of the white sauce seemed to be absorbed into the crust, making this slice dry.  Maybe it was a fluke. 
The Meat Lovers was my husbands favorite.  Actually, it was the only thing he ordered.  He downed two slices in the blink of an eye and had a smile on his face at the end of the meal.  I enjoyed it but had a lot of pizza to get through and it was very filling.
The slice I ordered custom was my favorite.  At this point in my life, I know what I like on pizza and I'm typically happiest if I stick to two or three toppings.  This time I added onion and mushrooms to a cheese slice.  Simple, but when everything is top quality and done right, a little slice of pizza perfection.  Super-yum.
Final Assessment:  Very good choice for pizza.  Being able to get multiple varieties in one meal, since it's offered by the slice, is a huge plus.  The tasty crust is nicely crisp and holds up to the toppings added.  Both sauces we tried, white and red, tasted great.  The only issue with the white was that there wasn't much left on top of the slice and that slice was dry.  The ambiance was nice and the service was professional, efficient and friendly.  Even better, this meal was budget-friendly. We're fans.  4 StarsThe pizza is really great but the staff has problems with things like taking orders and bringing the orders to you. The bartender told me he was too busy to make drinks when I asked for a cocktail at the bar while I waited the 20 minutes for our waiter to come to the table. Later the waiter rolled his eyes at me when I asked for a meat-free slice of the 'spinach and artichoke' pizza - it had arrived coated in bacon. I don't think it is unreasonable to assume that the spinach and artichoke pizza will be meat free, but apparently I am a huge pain in the ass. I would rather go somewhere else where I don't have to feel like it was an honor to receive food that I ordered and would eventually pay for.Loved it. I typically prefer thicker crust but this crust is awesome. Great, low jet atmosphere and great friendly service. Gotta try it.I love this location because it is three blocks from my house. Hell yeah!
Went here with my parents today for a quick lunch. Pizza was delicious as usual, as was my mesclun salad (fruit+greens+vinaigrette+walnuts, yay!). Our waiter was fast and friendly'personable. They have great drink specials, with a full bar and a selection of beer and wine. My dad had the mac and cheese, and gobbled that up pretty fast, so it must have been good. 
Slice is the place I go to when I want a consistently good meal at a reasonable price with friendly service. I've never had a bad experience here.
Try the pga, it's my favorite :)The place is a little small but the food was good. I only have it 3 stars because of the the small space. Besides that, the food was hot and the customer service was great.Go home, Slice. you're drunk. 
Last night was the absolute last time I will ever go to the Slice location on St. Charles. The manager or bartender or professional butthead that waited on us last night was so terribly rude, I really never want to go back to this place.
I understand that people have bad days and aren't always on their game. This guy, was a Class A prick that was making both the patrons and the staff uncomfortable. He was barking orders, both ignoring and nagging people at the same time (he has a gift) and just ruined what was supposed to be a quick bite out before a movie.
We ordered a calzone for two of us to split and two waters. Maybe he was pissed that we were only going to be spending $10 and weren't worth his time or something, I really don't know. I asked for some blue cheese for the calzone. He loudly declared that he was going to have to charge me for it. I was cool with that. He brought out a tiny thing of blue cheese and when I tasted it I asked if it had a balsamic base. "YES. IT'S A SALAD DRESSING". Ok, guy. I told him I didn't want it and he sort of slammed it down in front of one of the line cooks. It's an open kitchen, so we saw the whole interaction and it was just.....weird.
So, again. Dear guy. Thanks for ruining a perfectly good cheese and carb situation. Go do some yoga and chill the F out.While visiting NOLA I went here three times.  It was that good, and this is from a Chicago gal who loves her pizza.  Service is excellent.  Super cute hipster vibe inside.  Nice to sit at the bar or really nice to just take it and go.  Everything is served within about 15minutes after you order and is fresh with the best ingredients.  I had the veggie pizza, their mushroom pizza, their broccoli pizza, their spinach and goat cheese calzone, their meat lovers pizza.  All were fantastic.  The best of the bunch in my opinion was the all veggie.
JUST DO IT AND EAT HERE!Definitely go for the slices - their whole pies are delicious, but the crust on the slices is perfectly crispy. They're our go-to place for "I just can't be bothered to cook dinner tonight".WOW!  This meal was awesome.  Our waitress, Jessika, was friendly, helpful,  i ordered the calzone, which was delightfully made with a white sauce and delicious toppings I chose.  it came with steaming-hot (homemade) dipping sauce.  My partner had a meat lovers pizza, which (due to the nature of the toppings) was a little salty but tasty but a little soggy-a result of the toppings and sauce.
I loved every minute of my experience and look forward to my next visit.Pizza is fantastic. I got two pies to go after we walked in and my kids started to melt down. It was kid friendly though. You can get a pizza half and half even though I didn't see t advertised. They even split the kinds of sauce! And then they charged accordingly. I got half speciality and half plain cheese. They charged half the specialty price and half the plain cheese price. Their combinations are creative and the end result is delish. I love that they have local combos. The one with shrimp and sausage was fantastic. Crust is also good, not too thick but not too thin. Don't miss it!Enjoyable pizza joint with good choices. Interesting crust, can't quite putt finger on its uniqueness. It's crispy, like how deep dish can be, but it's more NYC style. 
I like to stop in with out of town friends after exploring the LGD.Friends and acquaintances, I would like to express my outrage. Most of you know me enough to understand that it takes a lot to truly piss me off. Also i have traveled and dined in restaurants in 3/4 of this country. So when I say that I received the absolutely worst service of my life, you know that i am being serious. Now that we got that disclaimer out of the way and you are still reading this.... here is the story. 
We came into Slices Pizza at 9:30 pm on a Saturday night in New Orleans, we all had about 3 double margaritas and were tipsy. We sat down at a booth and proceed to have a conversation about graphite as an art form. We were loud and there were quite a few fucks and shits thrown into the conversation. Next to us was a family having dinner, the kids at the table were heard to swear like dock workers by one of the members of our group in the bathroom. After we ordered food we were asked to keep the cussing to a low, while a song called big pimping was playing in the background. For those who do not know the song here are some of the lyrics. "You know I - thug em, fuck em, love em, leave em
Cause I don't fuckin need em
Take em out the hood, keep em lookin good
But I don't fuckin feed em
First time they fuss I'm breezin
Talkin bout, "What's the reasons?"
I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch
Better trust than believe em
In the cut where I keep em
til I need a nut, til I need to beat the guts
Then it's, beep beep and I'm pickin em up
Let em play with the dick in the truck
Many chicks wanna put Jigga fist in cuffs
Divorce him and split his bucks"
Never mind the hypocrisy involved in that request, we toned it down. Our food was delivered to us with polite smile and a fuck you, which is fine. As the common saying at my work goes "fuck em if they can't take a joke". This is where I got pissed off enough to walk out and not pay, which I did not do. We received no silverware, I had to finally walk to the server stand and grab silverware and napkins so we could enjoy our meal. The only time the server walked up to us was when i was extremely vocal about not tipping and walking out on the bill because we received almost no service. The server approached we with an extremely rude  "did you want something". And my only regret is being caught of guard by this and saying "no we are fine". At this point I put cash down for my meal and walked the fuck out, because I was too pissed off to do anything else. 
So thanks you Slices Pizzeria for being the only low point in my otherwise amazing NOLA experience. 
Please comment on this because I would like to know if I was in the wrong here. And if you are ever in New Orleans please stay away from Slices Pizzeria because this town is full of amazing restaurants with fantastic service and the risk of ruining your experience is not worth the good food they serve.Being from Chicago, I'm a total pizza snob, but this place was really good and damn cheap.  Bottles of wine for $10, not kidding you.  The service was great and the pizza selections seemed to be authentic NOLA, at least from what I can tell.  I mean, not that I'm the best judge or anything...I can't seem to stay away from this place. After all the Yelp talk about favorite pizza I had to visit my beloved again. It was soooo good. I got the "special" slice so yummy and the olives!!!! I swoon for this pizza.  I sat at the bar today, which was cool. They were a little slow than I am use to when I go here though. Waited a bit for my pizza, but it definitely was worth. Great atmosphere. Good Location to grab lunch or have a quick work lunch meeting.
Did I mention I only paid 4 bucks!!!!Holy heck, best strawberry bread pudding ever,! Interesting pizza options for the kids. Very glad we came.Sat at the bar and was served right away. The staff seems like they get along well and they treat their patrons well also.When it's on, it's SPOT on!!. Great slice yesterday. They can be really inconsistent with ratios of ingredients. Great crunch on the bottom this time, and good flavor.Had a slice of the BBG and a glass of their in-house lemonade. It was delicious! This was bacon, basil, and roasted garlic. The crust was nicely crisped and thin, but not too thin. The garlic melted in your mouth and blened well with the bacon and basil. Service was quick and the place had a nice atmosphere.This place is so good. Their special pizzas are great. I thoroughly enjoyed the muffuletta slice and the extra tomato gravy. I will definitely be back whenever I'm in town!Ordered two large pizzas on a Friday night. Came in a timely manner and delivery guy was nice. A little costly at $23/pizza. The pizzas were pretty huge which was nice. The mushroom pizza was so-so, the sauce was pretty acidic. We also got the Sicily-Ana pizza... What a disaster! It looked like pizza crust, sauce, and arugula. Under the arugula was bits of olive, not sure if they forgot to include the eggplant. The sauce was so acidic as to be inedible, but I guess that's the "spicy" marinara. The thing that rendered it nearly inedible was a complete lack of cheese! Was our pizza just not completed? Cheese wasn't listed in the ingredients for most pizzas on the menu, but neither  is crust. Maybe it's a traditional Sicilian style and I should have known? Anyways, pizza was a flop and we were out $50. I would try a slice of something before throwing in for a full delivery order.Every chance I get to take someone here for lunch, I seem to make it happen now.  This is my go-to lunch pizza place. Yummy fresh pizza for cheap! You literally get one slice and can be full from it. That just doesn't happen much. Plus if its a place my boyfriend will actually eat and have nothing bad to say about the place must be AWESOME.
Best Time to go is in the week during the 11-1pm range for a great lunch. One slice will cost you pretty much 5 bucks different specialties.This place is the best food we have eaten in New Orleans.  They clearly care about the quality of their ingredients, using fresh simple ingredients to make most of not all of their foods fresh in the restaurant.  We are staying at the hotel next door and keep coming back!  The pizza, especially the P.G.A. is just the right combo of crunchy and chewy.  The spaghetti and meatballs is perfect, the meatballs are clearly handmade.  Ask for light sauce if you don't love the spaghetti drowning in sauce.  I like lots of sauce and thought it was perfect.  The salads are perfectly fresh and crunchy and the bread is perfect.  If they have pineapple upside down bread pudding, try it.  I don't even like bread pudding and it's delicious.Yummy New Orleans style pizza.  We ordered a full pie we did 1/2and 1/2- Meat lovers and Flying Hawaiian.  We also did individual slices.. The Fresh, Margarita, and Sportsman Delight. Hubby had the local IPA it was ok. 
The Brookies were good too. Our waiter was cool.I have been here twice since my initial visit and been slightly disappointed that it wasn't as good as the first time. The past two times the pizza has been a little on the soggy side and kind of hard to pick up and eat. The toppings were still good so I would probably eat here again.So, Slice. I'm always conflicted about this place; the location is great, the decor is interesting without being annoying, the volume is just right, and the pizza is inexpensive. The (fairly) cheap pizza is even pretty good, and they have some interesting flavors ready to go, just waiting for your order. 
The thing I always run into here is the service. Some of the servers are absolutely wonderful (most of them) but when the place is busy, I tend to be ignored more and more often for longer periods of time. Don't get me wrong, it's not like the service is atrocious, and if it were just a bit better,  Slice would deserve 5 Stars. However, without that extra oomph, I can't justify more than four stars. 
Bottom line, go to slice for a cheap date and some decent pizza. You won't regret it.Love it! Great for families! I have also worked from here during lunch and had drinks with my husband. All around tasty and great service no matter what you're looking for.Everyone has their favorite pizza in New Orleans and this is mine. I love everything about it.  It is crunchy, fresh pizza deliciousness.   It is consistently good every time I go, and I've been going  for years.  I love the salads--I actually love everything.  
I had the BBQ Shrimp Po'Boy (which I heard is an old Commander's recipe)  originally as an appetizer and it  has quickly become a staple for takeout as a main course when I have friends in town because it is so good and so New Orleans-y. 
The service is always good. They always have a cute cupcake selection for dessert including their very own version of a Hostess cupcake-inspired one complete with the filling!  Its a great place to have in my neighborhood where you can get delicious and not greasy pizza.  Both locations are really good, but I like this location on Magazine just because it is bigger and usually faster.Slice. The first thing that hits you is the amazing smell of pizza. If you come here for pizza you won't have a problem. It's super good. Now if you come here for their other food you might run into some issues. The lasagna. It was way too hot to touch the plate but It was actually cold in the middle. I feel like they took it out of the freezer and tossed it I. The oven to warm it up.  It could have used more time cooking and I would have liked it to be fresh not frozen.They have perfected hot, delicious, fresh made pizza by the slice! Great salads and a fantastic bar. We enjoy this location lot!Since it was still warm for the season, I sat out on their patio. It was a relaxing Friday afternoon and I was pleasantly greeted by Erin. She was VERY cool and had all sorts of good news: both mussels and white sangria were half off, simply because it's Friday. Woohoo! These happy hour specials did not disappoint!
The white sangria was fruity, semi-sweet, light and refreshing. It was accompanied by slices of strawberry, lemon and orange. Although "white" sangria, it was the palest pink. Regular price: $5.50
The mussels were served in a delicious Pinot Grigio tomato basil broth with lots of yummy garlic. It was accompanied by garlic crostini rounds. Regular price: $11. 
Sitting on the patio was nice since I got to people-watch and enjoy a lazy afternoon. This is a cool place to come solo or with friends. Next time, I'll have pizza. After all, it is named SLICE! :-)The best pizza in town. Service is great as well. Very friendly. Not a fancy place but it's worth it. Try by the slice because you can try different types of pizza. Crust is super crispy and thin. Delicious. I will definitely come back.I like the space and it's a good vibe plus you have to like the 2-6pm happy hour with half priced glasses of wine, etc.  They have a nice bar with a good selection of spirits, beers, and wine (although virtually everyone there was waiting for takeout pizzas) but my issue is that the pizzas are too New York - and by that I mean somewhat tasteless like you could get on any corner in New York.  It's fun to watch them throw the crust, etc. but I judge pizza by taste and it just didn't come anywhere near the places I like in NYC such as John's on Bleecker and Lombardi's which have a great crispy, slightly charred thin crust and lots of flavor with minimal toppings.  Slice's pizza maybe lacked a little salt or something because the flavor just wasn't there plus the crust got soggy quickly and is not something I would have eaten on its own (which in my opinion is the sign of a great pizza).  I've gotta think if somebody in NOLA opened a great Neapolitan style pizza place with a high temperature gas or wood fired oven or even a Chicago-style pizza joint they could make a killing in Uptown.  I have yet to find great pizza in this town (although Domenica is pretty good) so I guess I need to keep trying.I used to live above SLICE! Easy access to great food! And a bar NOW.... THEY DELIVER! Did I mention THEY DELIVER!
We ordered a salad..A lasagna..and a bbg pizza with a ton of extras!
Everything was done purrfectly! 
we used to order from a place that begins with an R. ON Magazine. (Not one single time was the food what we ordered or properly prepared).
THANK BE ...SLICE DELIVERS!My fiancee pretty much said we'll be coming here every time we go to NOLA. That should tell you enough.
Let's hit the highlights:
-According to my fiancee, this is the best gluten free pizza crust she's ever had. It's thin, crispy, and flavorful. It beats all of the others I've had. It was even better when the owner stopped by and asked about it and told me the story of why he created it. You should stop by and ask him. 
-BBQ shrimp poboy. Spicy, decadent and full of shrimp. I almost made it a trip to NOLA without getting a poboy. Thank you Slice for not letting that happen. This is my favorite poboy in the city because it combines two of my favorite things: poboy and out-of-this-world BBQ shrimp. 
-The Popstars Ice Pops are a unique, flavorful dessert that is perfect for summer.Decent pizza joint. The white pizza is really good. The cheeseboard is yummy, I love cheese. The mussels are good also.. cooked perfectly. The bread pudding is to die for!I have eaten here a number of times because they make the best Calzone I have ever had. Very light crust stuffed with fresh meat and veggies. Easily one of my favorite places uptown. Parking can be a bit of a chore depending on the time of day, but it is worth the effort. The staff is laid back and friendly and it is always a good experience.I've been to both Slice locations and while I prefer the interior of the Magazine St. Location more, the pizza and ambience in both places is amazing. Their white pizza is the best I've ever had and their service is always great. Highly recommend to anyone, pizza fan or not (their other menu items are quite delicious as well). I hope they open a kenner or Metairie location someday soon.Geezem. I know this is a pizza place, but eat the BBQ shrimp Poboy. You won't be mad about it. It was one of the best I've had in town. Add in good drink specials and some solid beers on tap and you've got yourself a good night. Definitely a go-to spot Uptown.Great pizza, great bar, need I say more?I love thin, soft crust pizza, and this is definitely it.  We ordered pizza by slice, and our slices were a bit dry, like they have been sitting out.  We got the specialty slices, so maybe if we had custom ordered our slices we would have gotten fresher pizza.    That being said, the pizza was delicious, so I'm definitely giving this place another shot. I do like being able to order by the slice, since we were able to mix and match and try different varieties.Great spot on Magazine with great pizza. Crust is not to thin or not to thick. Good drink specials as well. Casual atmosphere so keep it cool when you come.Fast service, great food, good price!
How awesome is it to order pizza a slice at the time?  If you are like me you get board with a pie entirely the same.  Enter Slice.
The beautiful part of this restaurant is you can customize each pizza with different toppings on each slice.  This is the only way to do it, especially if you are ordering a pie for a few friends to share.  
Give em a try, you'll like it!Visiting the area from NJ. I am originally from NYC so when my husband suggested we had pizza in New Orleans I thought he was crazy. Slice did not disappoint. The sauce was amazing. The crust stellar. It could definitely stand next to some of my NYC Favorites.  Service was excellent. I gave it 3 stars because we had the meatball appetizer with cheese bread. My suggestion -- if your not going to do it right remove it from the menu....bread was dry and tasteless and meatballs were too salty and very small.  Definitely go to Slice If you want pizza just as good as NYC.   I'll will return on my next visit to NOLA.Amazing local farmed food .... Homeade popsiles with fresh fruit .. great kind serviceBig fan.  Really delicious food.  Pizza sauce, crust, cheese.  All top notch.  Definitely worth coming in.  Well done!  Let's just say this place is to a pizza joint as Commando is to badass action movies from the 80s.  The crust is like the scene where Arnold is getting geared up on Val Verde before he goes and blows up the military base: badass.A slice of Margarita with artichokes, a slice of BBG with artichokes and an undressed BBQ shrimp poboy. Amazing! Best pizza ever! Great waitress named Erin, fast service. I can't say enough positive things about this place!I had a Groupon and on the Groupon it said valid at St. Charles and Magazine st. I walked into St. Charles and sat down, ordered my drinks and showed the waiter the Groupon. He said they couldn't take it  bc there was a mix up with groupon. He even verified with Scotty, I'm assuming, the owner or Manger, who was sitting at the bar. Scotty kindly offered us one free drink for each of us if we decided to go Magazine for the unfortunate mix up. We said ok and headed starting for magazine st and greeted by Scotty. He got us each a beverage. Our server was super kind and the food we had was top notch. I am super picky about my boudin being that the best comes from in and around Lafayette but this boudin link matched that, no doubt. I ordered a slice of the HAPP pizza. Who'd of thunk pepper jelly would be amazing on a pizza?! The hubby ordered a calzone. Holt crap! So huge! And the fresh mozzarella inside was so fresh and good. Def will be back!I'm so mad at myself for waiting so long to try this place! 
Finally went here when a friend was in town and had trouble finding places open past 10pm. We were super excited when we looked at the menu. It's so nice to go a pizza place with a group and not having to agree on the ingredients. Especially since I was accompanied by one person who likes large amounts of meat and a vegetarian.
I split the arugula salad with my vegetarian friend, and it was exactly what I wanted: light, green, citrusy, and with shaved cheese. A perfect start. The other person in our party started his meal off with a slice of pizza. Our fantastic server informed us that the pasta would take about 20 minutes, so it would be a good idea to start off with something to eat so we weren't waiting. Very nice to know that ahead of time. Shortly after we finished the first part of our meal, we got the rest of it. I got a slice of the artichoke and sundried tomato "white" pizza and a slice of the gorgonzola, prosciutto, arugula pizza. I was slightly underwhelmed with the white pizza, but the gorgonzola, prosciutto pizza will have me back there the next time I have a pizza craving.
Also, very reasonably priced for the quality. Service was great. Definitely recommend it to anyone looking for pizza or pasta on magazine.Slice is my favourite pizza place in New Orleans. I've had several of their pizzas and appetizers, but in my heart I'm a Trucker through and through. A Trucker who loves her some Strawberry Coconut Popstar.
I've also learned that when I'm home in Vancouver, I yearn for the pizza in New Orleans. The secret ingredient is heart attack.Got delivery from Slice and the pizza was delicious! I loved how we could order all different kinds of slices for delivery. The margarita was my favorite!I have eaten at this place four times now and each time I want to think, oh maybe it was just an off night last time because so many people seem to like it, but no, tonight sealed it.  The food here is just all around bad. I just got back to town from a long weekend in New York where the pizza is actually good so I knew I needed to try something else. Have a ham and cheese sandwich, how bad could someone make that.  You would be surprised cause this was disgusting. There was more mayonnaise on that thing than there was ham or cheese. The others with me hd pizza, if that's what passes for pizza in this town these days.  The sauce was awful, the crust was flavorless and the cheese was just bad. I really think that there needs to be some type of qualification system in order to be able to rate pizza on yelp. You have to at least once in your life tasted pizza made in a state north of the Mason Dixon. Otherwise you might actually believe that this place is good and I'm here to tell ya, it's not. Not even close.Called in a pizza pickup.  Wonderful options...got large half Sportsman's Paradise/Muffaletta.  Loved having some fun choices unlike the normal chain pizza places.  Guy at the bar was very nice and the pizza was delicious!This is a good pizza joint. They do a corn meal on the crust. It reminds me of Two Boots in NYC. The service and pizza can lack consistency which is why they get 3 instead of 4 stars.The Sicilian Marinara is vegan!  I'm excited because sometimes it is indeed the small victories in life!  
We expressly ventured to this area to savor a blueberry mojito at St. Joe's.  Our original plan consisted of quickly grabbing a couple of slices of Slice pizza and then immediately initiating the blueberry mojito fest.  However, Slice's snazzy interior and the notion of "drink specials" lured us in to have an actual old fashion sit down meal and drink.  
The Saturday special boasted of a Tanqueray cocktail for $4, which two of my companions ordered.  However, Slice was out of Tanqueray, but cheerfully substituted Hendrick's much to my companions' delight.  Another companion and I ordered Pimm's Cup because it just seemed apropos for us, as "visitors" to the lovely city that we had formerly though of as home sweet home.
Our server remarked that we seemed like we would be the "fun table" because of our gleefulness and loud cackling, har har  When I ordered the Sicilian Marinara, he was sure to explain that it in fact was prepared with no cheese and a lot of people seem to miss this in the description.  I assured him I was in fact vegan, yippeee!  Our pizzas took a bit of time making their way to us, despite the place being mostly empty, but this worked to our drinking advantage.  Somehow "just one one drink" became two or three for each of us.  It's a NOLA thing I guess!  
As it turns out, the Sicilian Marinara is pretty darn terrific!  I know some of you are thinking "No cheese?  No way!" but I assure you, it's a competent slice of perfectly crispy crust, richly marinara (with a slice bit of heat) goodness!  The grilled eggplant was perfectly complemented by the salty bits of capers and kalamatas olives and lemon dressed Arugula - definitely resulted in a flavor sensation that wonderfully substituted for the lack of cheese.  In fact, this pizza probably would've been ruined by the addition cheese and between you and me, cheese is the one thing I actually still yearn for from time to time.  I'm just so happy Slice added a vegan pizza option, as tasty and fresh as the salads are. 
The interior of this Slice is quite adorable and eclectic - displaying the drink and daily specials, and random nostalgia and hipstery artwork.  Quite perfect for Magazine Street if you ask me.  The service was top notch, really just an overall lovely experience.The sportsman's paradise pizza was full of flavor. The pizza by the slice was a good size. And was thin and crispy - just the way I like it. The service was decent. Had is been better, I'd prob rate Slice higher. Stay away from the Brookie - their house dessert, a brownie with a cookie inside. Not worth the calories or money.Don't waste your time or money. Their health standards are abismal and their service is awful. Chefs use their bare hands to put ingredients on pizza (without washing their hands in between) and I have been ignored by their staff for long periods of time. Both of my roommates have had surprise ingredients in their food- one found a dead moth in her pizza and the other had a long black hair wrapped around a lettuce leaf in her salad. On top of that, the pizza is mediocre at best. Reginellis has better pizza, better service and much cleaner facilities. AVOID SLICE.We had dinner here last weekend after moving our freshman daughter into her dorm at Tulane University. Judging by the name, we expected just pizza, but the menu offered so much more!
There was a very nice selection of salads and the half portions are generous. The pizza can be ordered by the slice or several sizes of pies. I got slices of white Greek pizza, perfect thin, chewy crust, DELICIOUS! Hubby and daughter each got spaghetti and meatballs, the portions were gigantic and tasty.
VERY affordable, delicious food, comfortable/relaxing atmosphere...I'm sure we'll dine here often during the next four years at Tulane!So, this is definitely not my first time at Slice on Magazine, however this will definitely be my last. Not only did my roommates and I wait for an hour to pick up our pizza, which we were told would only take 20-25 minutes to be ready on a Thursday night around 8pm (we waited at the bar being ignored by the bartender for 20 minutes), when we finally got our cold pizza it turns out to have mystery ingredients, and I am not talking about Meatloaf Surprise in the Cafeteria of high schools on Wednesdays. I am talking sometimes your pizza might have freshly roasted garlic, but other times it may have dead moths. That's right, I said it DEAD MOTHS!!!!!!!!! So after waiting to get my pizza for an hour and then driving all the way home (5min drive) and sitting down to dinner with my roommates, just to find a dead moth in my pizza, which luckily my roommates did not immediately throw up their pizza. Luckily! So get back in the car after screaming because there was an unexpected moth, sort of caught me off guard. So driving back, I am thinking, these peeps are just going to return my money and offer to replace the pizza. That would be awesome, easy, done, and go home and eat. However, when I arrive back at the restaurant and immediately get the bartender's attention, I would rather not wait 20 minutes for him to even acknowledge my presence, but when I told him that there was a moth, he was just like " Ohhhh...somethings are just out of our control", and replaced the pizza. Somethings are out of your control? NO NO NO, unfortunately that is not how customer service works. I was absolutely repulsed by moth, first of all, but to be treated like this is a no big deal. NOPE! Sorry! The pizza was replaced, and to its credit I must say that the pizza is good, however, I will not be returning to Slice, not with the risk of getting another moth in my pizza. 
Also, if you decide to test your own luck (GOOD LUCK), try not to look into the kitchen area. It is absolutely repulsive to watch grown men pick up the ingredients they are placing on your pizza with their bare, sweaty, probably not the cleanest hands. If you are going to allow your kitchen to be that unsanitary, I would recommend putting up solid doors that are not able to be seen by the outside public. The place was an absolute mess, and honestly they looked short staffed and not super friendly. Overall, pizza good, staff unhelpful, and BEWARE OF MOTHS. 
PS: This is not the first time my roommate has encountered a problem with Slice on Magazine. When she went there was a piece of long (we are talking long like probably a good ways down the back) long black hair wrapped around her lettuce in her salad (my roommate has Red hair in case you were wondering). Like did you intentionally wrap a hair around it and give it out to the most innocent person you saw just to see if they would see it? Is that how you get your fun working at a dirty place that is probably a whole lot dirtier behind the scenes. 
We, my roommates and I, will be taking our business to Reginelli's, who you should take a note from on the Customer Service side. When they make a mistake, they are quick to replace it and even quicker to offer their customers some kind of compensation for their mistakes. But if you are looking for good pizza and awesome people who can admit when they have made a mistake and truly enjoy working in a clean and respectable establishment, GO TO REGINELLI's, not Slice.  I repeat NOT SLICE. Not only will you get a better price, but you won't be afraid to find moths or hair in your food. Good luck in your food adventures and remember Reginelli's over Slice any day and everyday.Over spring break my family and I visited some loved ones in Metairie and we had a chance to venture into New Orleans for lunch one afternoon. 
My kids got cheese slices as per usual and gobbled them up crust and all. (What?)
My wife and I shared a large pepperoni and a salad ( we even had a slice each for midnight snack later) everything was hot and quick and exactly what we expected and more. 
Waitstaff was efficient and welcoming.
(our waitress was hilarious and kept our drinks full and made our kids laugh a lot)
Would visit again when we're in town.The Pizza is pretty good. We live three houses outside of their delivery zone. We called in an order and were told that they couldn't deliver to us. I offered to walk the three houses to the street in their zone and meet them, at which point I was told that they couldn't do that either. I asked to speak to the manager and was told that he was too busy to talk to me. After pressing the issue the manager got on the phone and told me curtly and abruptly that they wouldn't deliver to me even if I met them in the zone. He wouldn't provide and explanation as to why. We called Midway (also 3 houses outside of the zone) and they immediately told us they would take care of us.
Very poor customer service. We will not be taking our business there again and I would advise that you do not either.Me and my boyfriend LOVE this place. Food is terrific, comes out fast and it's affordable! Staff is very friendly and attentive!I am by no means a pizza connoisseur, and both of the times that I've been to this Slice location, I was with my buddy from NY/NJ who says that you can't get good pizza in New Orleans. I don't have the same NYC-level pizza expectation nor do I know what that expectation would be, so I thought the pizza was pretty good at Slice. I ordered the Prosciutto, Gorgonzola, and Arugula pizza (the other time we went, I just had beer) and it was good. I really have no complaints about the food.
I did, however, have an issue with the bartender who, when I asked what beer I should get, said, "I don't know" and made me feel awkward for asking. I often like to get the server's or the bartender's opinion on things, especially when I don't know what I'm talking about. For him to say, "I don't know," instead of explaining the different beers they have, was a complete turnoff.
I will be returning despite this because I know somebody who works in the kitchen, but that bartender is pretty much the reason for the not-so-hot review.Coming from philly, I wasn't expecting to find great pizza in New Orleans but I'm glad I gave this place a chance. The pizza was great and the dough/crust was especially EXCELLENT. 
There were a variety of slices available, including specialty slices. I ordered a plain cheese and a white slice (I'm pretty boring with my pizza choices). My girlfriend ordered a special cheese slice called "the fresh" or something like that - it had tomatoes and basil I think - and also took a chance on a prosciutto slice. The only one we didn't care for was the prosciutto and since she loves prosciutto, she couldn't pin what it was that she didn't like about the slice. 
The staff was friendly and provided quick and pleasant service.I am really a fan of this place. The prices are good, especially for the quality of food that you're getting. The fisherman's paradise slice is awesome with chunks of shrimp and meat topped with other veggies. They have great happy hour specials, one of which is $6 double margaritas on Mondays.B.B.G. and pepperoni were our choices and they did not disappoint!  Huge pizzas and worth every penny.So I decided to give this place a second try since my last visit which was probably around February of this year. I am disappoint yet again. I can see that they are working.... Most of the people are working hard. But it seems like their cooking/kitchen capacity cannot keep up with the amount of tables. Last time we waited about an hour for our food. It looks like its going to happen again... I'm writing this review as I'm sitting here pissed off about this. I should've known better than to come here hungry. But it shouldn't be that way. 
If they know the kitchen is getting slammed with orders, the least they can do is give you a heads up either before they sit you down or you place your order. A little warning is all I ask. 
So once again I'll say, I'm not coming back and maybe I'll stick to it this time. Besides the location on St Charles is much better with their service. 
So here's my breakdown:
4 stars for the food
3 stars for cleanliness 
2 stars for noise volume (way too loud)
3 stars for service (waitress was super cool)
1 star for making me wait so damn long. (one hour)Would not recommend this place to anyone , food was of poor quality and staff was extremely rude when we noted a hair on our pizza to the point we walk out without our food or refund , not very customer service friendly at all .This place is awesome! Hands down the best BBQ Shrimp in town.  It's not subtle, it's  not delicate, it's addicting as crack and will have you drinking it from the plate with your drink's straw.  Still can't figure out their secret.  Anyways, great bbq shrimp... the pizzas are awesome. we love the arugula, prosciutto and gorgonzola pizza the best.  Generous on the Arugula so there's a great flavor and you get even more if you just order a slice.  Also ordered the basil chicken pesto ravioli dish.  Denser than lead and hotter than the sun.  SO much good taste and greasy indulgence.  Get this if you're starving or want to take a second meal home in a doggy bag. this thing destroys me every time.  Super rich and super tasty.  Staff is nice, but unfortunately rushed.  Every time we come here it's packed.  Great happy hour. half off on apps and 2 buck abitas.  When will their Prix Fixe meal finally start?I little more family friendly as far as the seating, same great food as the St. Charles locationThe pizza is decent, though it took a little while for what seemed to be a pre-cooked slice to arrive at the table largely due to the kitchen staff, or so it appeared from where I was sitting. 
 They really need to clarify the check-in special or take it away because it's misleading or poorly-executed on their behalf.HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! Yesterday my husband, my 2 yr old son and I decided to stop at this place to grab lunch after spending the day at the zoo. When we arrived there was only one other table in the restaurant. We sat down and was greeted by the server( don't have a name because she didn't say it, she had short hair) and asked what would we like to drink. Shortly after being seated we received our drinks and a table of 3 came in. We place our order for a pizza and waited. I noticed that the table that came in after us, got their pizza. The server came to refill my husband drink while I was in the restroom with my son. We were about 25 min in to waiting and the server comes to tells us our pizza is about to come out. A few minutes pass and no pizza. I went to the window where the server was standing talking to the cooks and asked her where was our pizza? Her response was "what?" I repeated, where is our pizza? She said the ticket must have gotten lost or something, but that they were making it right now. I couldn't believe it! Ok, I was done at this point, it had already been 30 mins of waiting and I was not going to wait any longer so I told her not to worry about it and we left. It is the job of the server to communicate with a customer. When this server told us our pizza was on the way out, we assumed she verified it with the back of the house. There is nothing more that upsets me than my family and I go to an establishment to eat and receive sub par service. I will never recommend this place to anyone.New Orleans is not a pizza town. Sure, they like pizza,...occasionally. 
I like this place for a variety of reasons. First of all, they offer pizza by the slice. I would expect a place that sells by the slice to be on par with Sbarro or something off of Bourbon St (like Mango Mango). 
No folks. This is quality pizza, and done by the slice. I also like their style of pizza. It's crispy, but not too thin. There's a good body to the crust. The toppings are pretty awesome, and all in all it's a pretty affordable place (pre-booze). 
The sangria was not all that great. I would stick to beer. NOLA Beer, perhaps?Stopped here for lunch during our shopping day in New Orleans. I got the ham and cheese po boy and it had a pepper jam on it! So delicious.
I also got a salad with fruit and goat cheese. Perfect lunch for a perfect day. I have been back from vacation for over a month and I still think about this meal lots.I haven't Yelp'ed in such a long time, ya'll must think I'm anorexic -_- jp. Suddenly I just had an itch to Yelp. Here goes:
As one of the duties of being Maid of Honor, I wanted to make sure my bride-to-be/best friend and friends of both parties were happily satisfied with delicious eats. And after becoming the unofficial tour guide back in March 2011 to our trip to Nawlins, I hauled the boys and girls onto the famous Trolley to Magazine Street where I was told there was ample boutique shops , nice scenery to enjoy, but most importantly, I wanted to check out SLICE. (run-on sentence)
We were famished when we arrived! The staff kindly seated us in a timely manner in the back section since we were such a big party. Already I like the VIP status, treating us Houstonians so sweetly! 
Let me just say their water is off the chain. Let me also say we were heavily parched so as the waitress gave us pitchers of water, we were super satisfied with the restaurant already. 
Having heard great things about the shrimp po-boy, I confidently ordered that dish and OH BOY, was it unbelievably awesome. The flavor was just so rich and succulent. The shrimp was grilled to perfection. The bread was not too hard or too soft. But mind you, the sauce will make the bread soggy so just be careful of that! My friends ordered the pizza there (what they are known for) and that is another winner. Their pizza consisted of a million toppings. And their crust was golden brown, not burnt! The million toppings and golden brown crust was very pleasing to my taste buds. 
Thank you, Slice. Not only did you give me props as the unofficial tour guide for my best friend's Bachelorette, you also made my Bachelorette Trip in Nawlins yummy as hell. Maid of Honor duty #87 accomplished!I really really want to leave one star.  I do.  It was a terrible lunch today.  It's probably some of the worst pizza I have ever had anywhere.  It's not a style thing either.  It was under baked and just plain sad, doughy.  Supermarket frozen would have been better.  I had a couple slices of a loosely based margherita pizza and a greek salad.  Perhaps the pizza is better if you don't order a slice and order a fresh pie.  I have no idea.  This crust isn't anything to write home about.  I like cornmeal but that's the highlight.  It isn't well fermented, it isn't chewy and like I said it was under baked.  The sauce is pretty good.  This is really poorly crafted and executed pizza.  You have to do a lot better than this because everyone has had good pizza and this isn't it.  
The greek salad was good.  Actually a really good value for $6.  It was huge and nicely dressed.  I like that they have salt and pepper grinders at the table.  This is probably why I won't leave them 1 star today.  That and the faint memory that I had some decent pizza on St Charles Ave years ago.
The service was terrible.  I couldn't really get my servers attention to get the check.  She was off talking with another employee for the longest time.  The hostess finally got her.  She asked me how it was and I told her it was terrible.  She laughed thinking that I was joking and I said "no really".  She still thought I was kidding and walked away.  It was actually funny.  She shorted me on my change after all that and I had to get her to give me another dollar.
Cool space, nice menu...... too bad.Not the best but ok. Toppings were really loose on the pizza. Everything just seemed rushed! But great service.As usual the food was excellent, but our server was not able to remember our order correctly, thus forgetting several items, including my child's meal. Perhaps more training before attempting to NOT write down the orders would help.
Not to forget that, of all the tv's here, they did NOT have the LSU/ Alabama game on!I have had good luck with both slice locations, I just like coming to the one on magazine because the parking isn't as bad as trying on st Charles. The pizza is delicious and they have a good selection of toppings like goat cheese mmmm...... This is the best pizza I've had in NOLAI ordered a pizza yet again chosen by pictures from Yelp! Living in Mid City, we don't have Slice as an option so it's either a special trip or 'just-so-happens' that I'm in the area and pay them a visit, the ladder being the reason.
I thought when I placed my order that I was speaking with the St. Charles location, thankfully upon finishing my order, it was clarified over the phone it would be ready at the Magazine shop. No problem. Good practice.
I went with a large BBG (bacon, basil, garlic) which was really good, i liked it a lot but I think a whole pizza of it is a bit much. They really load it up with a lot of toppings and it can make the crust a bit soggy, but it still stays in tact. I wouldn't mind my crust being slightly crispier, but for this being my first time, it wasn't bad.
I'll definitely be stopping back in this place in the near future, i've seen a lot of other tasty looking menu items I'd like to try, however I'll be sure to make that St. Charles appearance as initially intended.I like Slice when I eat it, but I have to admit that it never leaves a lasting impression on me. I've been there three times, and can't remember what I ate any of the times I went. I know I liked it well enough when I was eating it, and the price was so-so.was not expecting this fantastic of pizza in new orleans.  toppings were out of the ordinary, and crust was well made.  service was friendly, building was cute, and had round windows that reminded me of the inside of a ship. (this effect was aided by the near flood conditions outside).  this place rivals any pizza in my hometown of austin.
delicious, even as my 4th meal of the day.
make it your first.Ordered a simple pizza, they managed to make not edible for excess of spices. Definitely not Italian pizza here. Btw, we did wait more than 30 minutesI ate a cheese calzone here about a year and a half ago and never forgot how good it was.  Perfect crust, great combo of cheeses, perfectly distributed.  Yesterday I finally got back to Slice, and yes, the cheese calzone is still delish.  I added sundried tomatoes to this one.  The marinara is just right - a little chunky, a little spicy, and just liquid enough that it'll stick to the calzone if you dip a forkful in it.
The cute bearded waiter recommended a Lemon Basil Smash.  He was not wrong.  Great balance of sweet lemony flavor and Evan Williams, with the astringent bit of basil to spark it up a little.  My dining companion, usually a beer dude, took a sip of mine and decided he needed one of his own.  He got two slices of the pulled pork pizza and was entirely satisfied.  
I like this Slice's atmosphere a little more than the one on St. Charles, but the food and service are good at both.  Plus you can get your pizza on at Slice and then toodle next door for some grocery shopping.I come here a lot. You changed your menu, nice apps. However, really not digging your new pizza size options and sudden hyper-inflated prices. Why :(Slice has got to be one of my favorite eateries in the city!  I'm always satisfy when I leave this place. It a great lunch and casual dinner spot. I've been going to Slice on St. Charles since it opened and I was really excited when they opened this location on Magazine Street. It's way bigger! 
I would suggest these dishes...
For appetizers: Bruschetta, Barbecue Shrimp, Cheese Board
Salad: Spinach, The Mesclun (You really can't go wrong with your typical salads)
Sandwiches: They're Panini's are really good...but they have taken off the ones I have tried on their menu
Pizza: Spinach, Sun Dried Tomato, and Artichoke Pie (My fav!), Special 
Pasta: Bacon, Basil,  and Chicken Ravioli, Lasagna  
Calzones: Tucker
Overall, if you're craving pizza come here and you will not regret it!this place is way different than st charles branch, cleaner and more organized.
The pizza is huge and it's so yummyGreat selection of fresh ingredients for pizza toppers. Staff is always friendly. I would like to see the food orders come out a little bit faster though. Rasberry Cream Italian Soda - delicious!While this neighborhood hardly needs yet another pizza place (how about a quality Chinese restaurant?), Slice has opened up another branch, a block from Whole Foods. Like the original restaurant on St. Charles, the food and the prices are generally good. On the down side, the new place gets very noisy even when it's not crowded -- they need to put some baffling on the ceiling or something. Also, I was disappointed they didn't have the happy hour $5 for a pitcher of Abita special that's listed on the website for the St. Charles site. Our service was also so-so -- it took a long time and they forgot to bring the salad before the pizza.If you order a drink and it doesn't taste right be prepared to pay for it, once its poured you have to pay is what they said.Ok, this slice has it going on. Awesome décor, GREAT service and a damn good pizza.I love this pizza place.  It's nice to be able to get slices of different pizzas rather than settling on one pizza or 2 for the table.  Be warned:  the slices are huge.  I can usually eat only one.  
They have more than just pizza, though.  I usually get the Caprese Salad, the barbeque shrimp, or the seafood soup (if it's the soup of the day).  They also have fresh fruit juice Popsicles.
I've always had good service here, but I've heard a couple of stories or strange server behavior.  *See Jessica R's review*  This doesn't keep me away though :)A basic pizza joint with good quality pizzas.  We had a local Creole type that was tasty and washed down with an Abita beer it was satisfactory.  There didn't appear to be  many choices beyond pizza and lasagne. Everything was basic without any frills and the service was competent and friendly.The place could use a bit of a make-over and looking tired.  The first table was so wobbly that we had to move. It's doubtful paper under the leg would have done it.  In a pinch or in a rush I would call ahead and come again to pick up something several steps above frozen.This was the third time we have eaten here- also the last. Without a doubt the worst service I have had in ages( and that is really saying something). We waited 10 minutes for anyone to come to the table even to get a drink order. 2 iced teas took another 10 to get. We needed sweetener, asked for it and waited so long I finally got it myself from another( like ours- dirty)  table. The oblivious waiter didn't even notice. Meanwhile, a family sat at the next table, got their drinks and ordered, all before we could get our tea. We would never have gotten service had I not gotten the bartender's attention- he told the waiter to get to us.
We ordered 2 slices. After an eternity, they came- my husband's was right, mine was wrong. The waiter argued with me about it, then went and put in the order again. No rush- that didn't occur to him, I guess. 
The pizza was okay, skimpy on the ingredients, no seasoning. At least I wasn't starving any more. That's about all I can say for it. 
The first time we ate here was excellent, second time okay, third time an awful experience. There won't be a fourth time. The pizza across the street at Whole Foods is better- and they actually pay attention to what they are doing. I love to go to local places, but I will skip this one.Fantastic pizza!  I have only had the pizza here, but every time my wife and I go we are not disappointed. Thin crust pizza and a beer cannot be beat. A little pricier than the standard pizza, but it is in a convenient location and well worth it.Very good pizza, as the name implies you can order by the slice and order virtually anything of the menu by the slice.  Traditional style pizzas to the exotic gourment types, but pizza isn't the only thing on the menu. I had a side ceasar that was less than spectacular but again I didn't go there for the salad. Wait staff was efficient and I think the prices are reasonable. I would still put New York Pizza and The Pizza Man in front of them.Slice's pizza really does the trick if you're itching for crispy crust and good toppings. This particular location is a little more neighborhood-like just because of its vicinity to Whole Foods and the quintessential Uptown homes. While the caprese salad wasn't anything superb, the pizza hit the spot of our "comfort food" mood.Best place for delivery in Uptown! The pies are enough for 3 to 4 people. One complaint, once they made a weird bread pudding that was quite terrible. Not good to experiment.Is this the best pizza in town?  Not quite.  Is this the best "pizza place" in town?  Maybe...
I decided to give Slice another shot after an underwhelming experience at the St. Charles location.  The dining area was warm an inviting and the staff were super nice, but the food fell short.  The pizza we ordered came out with raw, poorly chopped veggies and a soggy, flimsy crust.  After that night we decided not to return to Slice as we had already found great pizza elsewhere.
In light of some good reviews, I had the urge to check out the Magazine St. location.  What I walked into was pleasantly surprising.    From the moment we walked through the door, the staff was friendly and attentive.  Giant port hole windows with transoms above flood the dining area with daylight.  It's light and airy while being cozy at the same time.  The bar was well appointed and had not one but two NOLAs on tap, one of which was my favorite, 7th Street Wheat. 
This place lives up to its name in that you can order by the slice starting at just $2.50 which is super convenient when you don't have a table full of hungry friends. My girl ordered a slice of pepperoni and a slice of the spinach artichoke white pizza and she was nice enough to let me sample both.  The normal pizza was pretty good, but the white pie is what really stood out.  I've had these pizzas before and it always felt like I was depriving myself and eating some kind of "diet pizza".  Not this time.  I actually liked it better than the regular pizza. Oh yeah, I ordered something as well.  I went for a massive broccoli mushroom calzone.  Not quite as dough-y as I'm used to, but very tasty.  It was more like a puff pastry.  
Great service and atmosphere with tasty pizza will definitely have me stopping in again when I'm uptown and craving pizza.***Warning before you read - I am a little bit of a pizza snob and a discerning pizza patron.
I went to the Magazine location for the first time last night. I really wanted to like the pizza but I thought it was pretty underwhelming. I ordered a slice of the veggie pizza which, I admit, might have been my first mistake. But at the same time, you shouldn't count on our toppings to "make" the pizza. The crust was okay, could have been a little crispier and thinner. The sauce had good flavor but hardly noticeable. But the cheese - good grief. Barely melted and room temperature. I understand that you won't get the freshest pizza when you order by the slice, but, good grief, just stick it in the oven (hell, I'd even take the microwave!) for 30 seconds. I I will also say, it was a Friday night and they appeared busy, still no excuse for putting out a mediocre product. 
I am definitely open to giving them another try, maybe on a weekday and not during peak hours. The prices are really great and the restaurant vibe is laid back and cool. Not cheesy at all. We sat at the bar and the waitress was friendly and attentive. Beer was cold and cheap and from what it looks like they have a killer happy hour.thank you fellow yelpers for leading me to the good food in Nola. I'm tired of getting roped into every tourist trap in the city.
went for an early dinner with the family (2 kids + husband) and each had a different kind of pizza. waitress was a little cool until she realized that the kids weren't going to tear apart the restaurant. service was about average but the food more than made up for it.
started with the arugula salad and the family got the garlic mozzarella bread. the salad is so light and rather inexpensive for the size (i got the small and it was perfect as a starter).
we each got different pizzas and tasted from them all. in all, we tried the meat lovers, cheese, arugula-prosciutto, shrimp-andouille, the special, fresh, and the greek. all were absolutely fabulous. even the cheese was worth the calories of a second bite. all the flavors were balanced perfectly and the crust was so flavorful. 
bill was about $50, which wasn't bad for dinner + appetizers for everyone plus 3 beers. would have liked to try their desserts but were planning on going to bee sweet (which was closed. boo.)
our weekends in nola are going to have to start getting longer because the list of places that we just have to eat at is getting so long.I think this is probably the nicest location of Slice but it can be really challenging to park as its so near to the parking madness around Whole Foods.  If all your in the mood for is one slice of pizza this is probably the best place to get a highly customized slice to fit your hearts desire.  The pizza here is ok to me and I like the availability of all the topping choices.  I still rarely end up here as when I'm in the mood for pizza I usually go to Theo's, Pizza Delicious, or the $5 pint and a slice deal at New York Pizza.  This is certainly a decent place for a slice but I always need more than one slice!This place used to be good. 5-6 years since it opened it has the feel of a neglected dump on the downhill slide toward extinction. Which it well deserves. It has devolved into the 2nd rate student-level food-to-drink-with joint like The Italian Pie that preceded it in this location. It's filthy (not just dirty), in dire need of a facelift, new menu and new staff. Our family had the worst service we've ever had at any restaurant in New Orleans. Waited over an hour for pizza (think about that), the order came out wrong, and at different times. The final person's order arrived after everyone else at the table had finished eating. A complaint to the manager was greeted by a dumb stare and a barely mumbled apology. Reginelli's is only a couple of blocks away with the same food done better in a clean, friendly, and efficient environment.Delicious pizza. Thinner crust and fresh ingredientsSlice Pizzeria. An amazing pizza parlor with a bar section. Pizza and alcohol? Yes please! 
Today we visited Slice Pizzeria during their happy hours(3pm-5pm, Monday to Friday) to take advantage of their amazing specials. Firstly, their happy hour offers 2 for 1 specialty pizzas, half off abita amber and seasonal draft, and half off wine by the glass. So you can get a very cheap meal here if you time it right!
I ordered two slices of the meat lovers pizza because it is definitely a personal favorite of mine with a strawberry italian soda with cream. The meat lovers pizza has a variety of meat related toppings including bacon, pepperoni, and sausage. The pepperoni gives it a slight spicy taste but it is delicious even if you're not a fan of spice. The slice servings are very generous. As you can see by my uploaded photo, I had a lot to get through in this one sitting! 
The strawberry italian soda is also delicious. This is the second time getting one as I loved the first. It's a very interesting mix of flavors and textures that's too hard to describe. Just treat yourself and get one to try out!
With many four+ booths, two seater booths, and tables available, you'll definitely get a seat here so no worries regarding that. There is also a TV in the corner visible by all the seating too for you to follow along whatever they have playing at the time. Finally, they have chalk boards located around the restaurant detailing all the available specials.
I highly recommend Slice Pizzeria as they have never steered me wrong. Go get yourself some pizza!I have only been here once, but have wanted to go back ever since.  I thought it was some of the best pizza I have had in New Orleans.  I went with a group and we got The Special, Spinach Sun Dried Tomato & Artichoke and the Bacon Basil and Garlic.  All were delicious.  The crust was just the kind I like, thin and just a little crispy but also a little chewy.  Will definitely go back!This is my favorite pizza place in the New Orleans area. The pizza is good the atmosphere is nice and they have great daily drink specials. I love their Bloody Mary's.Although it's a "pizzeria" I really give it 4 stars based in part on overall food quality.  Not that the pizza is bad, it's pretty good but the crust is a little heavy/dense for me. There's other places with better pizza. However, the salads and specials are usually of high quality for pizza place.  Last time there had the fresh mozzarella and barbeque shrimp appetizer and both were excellent.  I only sampled it but the spaghetti and meatballs looked pretty good too.Finally went to Slice after hearing so many good things about it. I was worried it had been oversold by my friends which is a sure way to hate something. But fortunately it is a s good as they say. I ordered 2 slices and the house salad. The salad was a little above average for a NO hole in the wall place which is not saying much. Mostly you get some shredded iceberg, a cherry tomato, and a couple of lonely carrot and red cabbage shards. But this one had a fairly good mix of greens, good tomatoe, nice olives and a good balsamic vinaigrette. The 2 slices I had were the arugula and prosciutto and the special. The Arugula pizza was awesome, great crust and toppings. I'd say the crust is about as good as there is in NOLA. The special had a little too much ground meat for my taste, but no real complaints there. It's also a bargain at $3.75 per slice. Will def go back.As a regular customer of this location of Slice. I get the same Caesar salad every time. Usually, I remember to ask for dressing on the side, as I don't like very much dressing.  Tonight, I forgot to ask.  With that said, there (unusually) wasn't enough dressing. I asked for more, which was brought readily.  No one mentioned that there would be an additional charge of $0.85 for additional dressing.  My bill reflected that.  When asked about it, the waiter apologized and said he can't do anything about it. Hmm! A tablespoon of dressing shouldn't cost more, especially when there wasn't enough to begin with.Awesome pizza, nice digs, and best of all in my book, a great flexible menu...basically you can order multiple slices, each as one totally different than the last, even make-your-own. That's a nice & fairly rare touch for a gourmet pizza joint. Our service was just OK, it was attentive but they kinda screwed up a few things...I don't blame the friendly waitress so much as the overall system, which seemed a little clunky. In any case, won't stop me from being back. Oh, and as a teetotaler, I LOVE the Italian Sodas!Pizza was absolutely amazing!! I had 3 different kinds but the deluxe which is basically a supreme anywhere else was my favorite!! The service was good despite some other reviews I've read. The ambience was good as well. I would definitely go back!In this gal's opinion, the perfect pizza place. I had a wonderful half salad, a loaded supreme slice, and a beer for lunch. Got my pizza fix, while staying relatively healthy. My salad was wonderful (spinach, sun-dried tomato, pine nuts, etc) and the slice was delish--crunchy, salty crust with tons of toppings, all of which were really high quality. Would eat here all the time if I live in town!Favorite pizza in New Orleans, but I've had much better pizza in other cities. I've been a fan since I first arrived here four years ago, and the food at Slice continues to impress me. 
Usually, I get the slices. I stick with the specials (they're more bang for your buck) like veggie, Mediterranean and a new one (the name escapes me, but it's cheese-less and vegan). I didn't think I would like the cheese-less pizza as much as I did, but it wasn't half bad. On all the slices, the crust is crispy, yet thick enough to have substance. The calzones are huge and look super delicious, but I haven't had the chance to try one. Next time, perhaps. 
But I haven't even gotten to the best part -- happy hour! On Monday through Friday from 2 to 6, wine and beer is half off, plus an extra special (Mondays double margaritas are $5). Pizza and booze, a great way to start the weekend or get a break during the week.
BUUUUT some of the waiters/waitresses could use an attitude adjustment. Sometimes, their behavior yells, "Please, don't tip me!" I've had instances where the waiter only took our order and gave us the check when he noticed we were done. I don't even know the guy's name, he didn't tell us. I've also been insulted by one, but it may have been just a bad joke on his part. Three stars.I ordered online and they never made my pizza.  1.5 hours later they kept telling me it was out with the driver.  Except it wasn't, they just made that up.  They have no idea what pizza they made or where there drivers are going when they are out.  Cooking something else for dinner now.Much better than Dominos or any other national chain, but a far cry from real NY pizza. The dough is too thick and covered with corn meal on the bottom to compensate for it's inherent lack of crispiness. It's not horrible food, but as far as pizza goes it's a joke. Anyone looking for real NY pizza in New Orleans should skip this one entirely.I am absolutely obsessed with this restaurant. I have never had a bad experience, and I eat here weekly on average. 
P.S.- They've got an amazing bloody mary! And the brookie for dessert- to die for.I'm sure that the pizza here is great. I will never know, though. That's because Slice Pizzeria has a BBQ shrimp poboy that's out of this world delicious and has ruined me for all other BBQ shrimp poboys. This poboy should set the standard for all other BBQ shrimp poboys. It. Is. So. Good.  So good, in fact, that I am doubtful that I'll ever order anything else here. It is garlicky and spicy and it also has lots of black pepper in it. You might want to check to make sure you're not walking around smiling like a fool at everyone with black pepper in your teeth like I did the first time I had it.
Just go. Order the BBQ shrimp poboy. I have plans to go there this week.  I'll bet you can guess what I'll be having. :)I live nearby and eat here regularly. I really enjoy the BBG and wild garden (which, admittedly, are almost identical pizzas). The only issues are speed and service. It always takes twenty minutes or more to get a couple slices, which seems excessive to me. I've also seen tables go unattended for thirty minutes, nobody ever taking their order, until parties have walked out. I can plan for the long wait, but it's disappointing to see that kind of lax service.I went to Slice with my husband.  We shared a pepperoni pizza and had a brookie for dessert.  We felt the price was fair.  The atmosphere was really neat: it either used to be an old house or it looks like it could have been.  There was a cool bar too.  The fantastic service was the best part.  Our server was knowledgeable and speedy.Jeez, I really wanted to like this place.
I went here with a friend, after we had hit St. Joe's across the street.  He got a pizza and I got the Aglio Olio (pasta dish).
Well, the pizza looked good, but I don't know why I was expecting my pasta to be something special...it wasn't.  It was linguine with some lemons in it and some garlic powder mixed in.  It was covered in a thin coating of olive oil.  In other words: it was nothing earth shattering.  It really didn't even have that much of a flavor and the only reason I ate so much of it was because I was starving.
Did I take the leftovers home?  Of course.  Why?  Because even mediocre leftovers are still worth eating for lunch!
I'm gonna blame some of this on myself.  I probably should have just ordered a pasta dish with a sauce or something on it (do they even have that kind of stuff here?).
I guess I would go back and just try the pizza or calzone, since the name of the place is "Slice" , so that would be considered their specialty.
If you are looking for genuine Italian, then this may not be the place for you.I have ate at Slice before and it's very pricey however very good. Just a review on the Bloody Mary = phenomenal.... Absolutely phenomenal. Beats Half Moon which I pounded 3 of those last night. 4 outta 5 based on the $$$Slice has become my go-to for tasty lunch and dinner.  I particularly like their "build your own slice" option.  It's a great option if there's only one or two folks in your party.  They also offer half-servings of the pasta and half-salads so you can put together your own "pizza/pasta/salad/etc and salad" combo.  Or just get half a salad if you're strange like that.  
The pizza is good.  Well, I like it.  Pizza is one of those foods that has no fixed definition for "good".  Ask a dozen people what good pizza is and you'll get at least 13 answers...and none will match.  So it's hard to say what "good" pizza is.  One thing everybody seems to be able to recognize is bad...and this ain't bad pizza folks!  
The pasta - also good.  I usually get the ravioli.  Good stuff.  
Salads - awesome salads.  Fresh greens, a variety of cheeses, and very tasty dressings.  Some salads come topped with pizza bacon.  You read that right.  Bowls of blissfully brilliant browsage topped with bacon.  Pepperoni bacon. What more do you want?  
How about a good wine and beer selection.  And a happy hour. 
So...yes.  Good pizza.  Good pasta.  Good salads.  Go.  Eat.  Enjoy.Good place to grab a slice of pizza and small salad for around $8.  Pizza is good too, has a crisp cornmeal type crust.Slice has all the makings of really, really, really good pizza on top of many other delicious things on the menu.  Fresh, light, crispy dough and fresh toppings.  The best calzone I've ever had in my life! I don't even know what to say.  Every time I eat at slice I am more than satisfied with the food, service, and very reasonable prices for the quality of the food. Somehow it always detracts from your experience if you feel you've paid too much, but not here.  
Forever my favorite pizza in NOLA!This place has the best meatball sandwiches in town! The atmosphere is great, along with the pizza and just about anything you order from the menu! The pricing is good, especially for the food and drinks!I really, really want to give this place more than two stars - their pizza is really good. The problem is, every time I go there, the service gets worse and worse.
When you go in and sit down, it's a crapshoot whether or not you're going to get your pizza nice and quick, or if it's going to be an hour long experience. Even on nights when it's not busy, you never know.  More often than not, though, I walk in, sit at the bar, and order something to go. This is a mistake that, for some reason, I keep on making. Why? Because one of two things usually happens:
Either the pizza comes out waaaaay over cooked - blackened cheese all around the sides, burnt toppings, and way too crispy of a crust.
Or... 
...it just takes forever. That's actually the reason why am sitting here right now typing this out - because I went in, ordered two slices, and sat... and sat... and sat... and sat... you get the point.  How hard is it to take an order, get it filled, and send a customer off happily?
Won't be back for a bit.Voted best place to get pizza in New Orleans. I can't really think of one better. You can get your pizza made to order if the appetizers don't fill you up first. I wouldn't call the food outstanding, but it is a tasty slice.
I usually get a slice or white and a slice of red for variety.Slice was dee-lish!
For the baby, boyfriend, and I, we ordered a few different slices of pizza and an order of garlic bread. 
The bread was obviously cooked fresh, although could have used more garlic. The red gravy (marinara sauce) that is served with it is amazing though!
The slices were also amazing, as you would expect from somewhere named Slice. If you want to keep it simple, try a cheese slice with meatballs. This was the baby's slice, and was by far my favorite, even with all of the fancy stuff that us adults were eating.
Great service, great food. I'm not uptown all that often, but this will be a good go-to spot whenever we are in need of a trip to Whole Foods right next door!Awesome. Fantastic. Da bomb.  I would run out of words to describe this place.  It is one of my hands-down favorite places in NOLA.  All of my out-of-town visitors have been here, and they have all said that this place rocks.
Drinks: They have some nice local beers on draft, and make very good cocktails.  For my money, they make one of the best Pimm's Cups.  Good daily drink specials throughout the week, too.
Salads: Their salads can be ordered as a half (perfect for one person) or whole.  Each of the salads has such a unique flavor. My faves are the Greek and the Mesclun (has blueberries and strawberries to complement the goat cheese in the salad).
Pasta: I've only had one of their pasta dishes, which was a dreamy mac&cheese. Alfredo-type sauce and broccoli was mixed in.  Really makes me want to try to make that at home.
Pizza:  Again, not enough words to describe their awesomeness at making pizza.  All of their pizzas can be ordered as a whole or as slices.  A wide range of toppings and 3 types of styles.  They also have some tasty specialty pizzas. Thin crust that is perfect for eating with knife and fork or with your hands.
Great combo: Salad and a slice.  Perfect-sized lunch!
Dessert: One of their chefs (or maybe he was a chef? Can't remember) makes these homemade popsicles called "Popstars."  Very cool, unique combinations, like Mexican hot chocolate, tropical fruit, etc.  He only makes a couple of batches at a time and the flavors rotate constantly.  If you see a flavor that you like on their specials board, carpe diem and order it that visit.  It may not be there when you visit the next time.Love love their Italian salad! It's all I ever get (1/2 salad and a slice of pizza) It's my fav!!2 stars only because the food is awesome! We usually go to the one on st Charles and get awesome services however that's not the case here. We had to beg for refills from another server as our server stood behind the bar drinking her drink. They poured iced tea with absolutely no ice in it.  She must have forgot to put our order in cause it took over 30 minutes to get it. I'm a server myself and would understand if they were busy but it is not. We are currently waiting for our check. Let's see how long that takes. Good food and atmosphere.. terrible service! O and she only ordered 3 salads so one of us had to sit here with no salad when she came to take the order she didn't even notice my boyfriend didn't have one. Just bad bad service!Brilliant Pizzeria place located on Magazine St right beside the Whole Foods. Serving a wide range of Italian foods from pizzas to pastas to calzones, if you're feeling like Italian, Slice Pizzeria is the way to go. 
My recommendation is either the Lasagne or the 9th Ward Pizza, both are exceptionally tasty! The entire menu is fairly cheap also and if you come between 2pm & 6pm, it's their happy hour where they offer even more discounts on shared platters and assorted drinks. 
Come alone or bring your friends, Slice Pizzeria will satisfy everyone's hunger.Possibly the best pizza joint in New Orleans?   I'd say yes.  I like this location better because there is more room for seating.  Had a gumbo here once that blew me away as well!  Nice beer selection as well.Let me start by saying that I LOVE pizza.  It is hands down my favorite food in the world.  I could eat it every day.  I have been a huge fan of Slice in the past, although my bf always found it somewhat lacking.  I have noticed in past visits though that the quality of the food had been going downhill.  My friend and I decided to go to lunch here on Friday bc it's (usually) quick and close to the house.  Huge mistake - HUGE, as this visit was probably my last.  The first thing I noticed was that they had taken a lot of the best pizzas, pastas, and salads off the menu.  For appetizers we both ordered caesar salads which came out fairly quickly.  However they had no dressing on them at all.  Our server was Gina and since she was no where to be found throughout our whole meal, I had to ask another server for some dressing, explaining that the salads did not have any.  He quickly brought it out to me.  We got our pizza.  It was absolutely disgusting.  First of all - if there was cheese on them you couldn't tell.  It looked like dough and sauce.  I ordered the greek which is what I usually get.   It had maybe 2 olives and a smidgen of feta - however the onions were in abundance.  There were so many onions on the pizza that it was all I could taste.  My son ordered pepperoni which had barely any toppings on it.  He ate one slice but took the other home.  My friend ordered both the sportsman's paradise as well as the 9th ward which was the special.  She said that both of them were not cooked enough and the little flavor they did have was disgusting.  Of course all of this could've been rectified if our server Gina ever came to the table to see if everything was okay.  We had to ask another server for drink refills.  When she finally showed up, she acted as if we were bothering her bc we needed things - like drink refills and our check.  I didn't know that hanging out on a counter and talking was what she was being paid for but apparently it wasn't for actually serving tables.   We had to ask for and hunt her down for everything.  The really horrible service combined with the really horrible almost inedible food sealed the deal for me and we will not be going back there again.  Oh, and I was charged for the dressing I asked for.  Granted it was only .50 cents which is no big deal but when it's supposed to actually come ON the salad and didn't, I don't think there should be a charge.  There are many pizza places in New Orleans that are soooo much better than this one.  If you do decide to go here and eat their sucky pizza don't ask for Gina bc as bad as the food was - she was the worst part of the mealThis Slice Pizzeria beats actually beats the location on St. Charles (and I love that location. Just sayin')! I've eaten here for lunch three times this week- a record for me. I tend to just eat something on the run for lunch, rarely sitting down to enjoy an actual meal. But now it's a new habit, what with Slice being a couple blocks from where I work (btw, they have free wifi). One thing that is uniquely awesome about them is that they let you order smaller portions, so you can mix and match. Meaning, anything from a variety of slices to half salads and half pasta bowls. Not that you can't gorge on half portions (ahem). 
I am currently having a passionate love affair with the mesclun salad that comes with berries, goat cheese and walnuts with balsamic vinaigrette. I need a moment or two to bask in the memories of just a few hours ago...
Ok. I'm good. Carry on.
Although normally I'm into just about any of their pizzas, today I ordered a calzone. A giant mound of crescent-shaped dough arrived stuffed with ricotta and mozzarella (as it should be. For some reason places put in *just* mozzarella. That would be sad and wrong. Just sayin'). I added in spinach, b/c I was feeling guilty about ordering such a decadent lunch. True, I only ate about 1/4 of it in that sitting, and you might like to know that when I grazed on it later, it was almost as good cold!
Staff is *so* friendly here, too. Atmosphere is a bit more open and warm (though part of the charm of the St. Charles location is that it reminds me of a NY pizza shop). 
I've only been for lunch, but those daily drink specials make me want to reconsider my stance on no day drinking.Posting a whole slew of reviews for stores I hit with my Mom on Black Friday.
So while we were in our Black Friday shopping extravaganza, we stopped for lunch with friends at Slice.  AND I love the Garden District location.  But this one really needs to work on their service, it took over 90 minutes from start to finish which is ridiculous.  Multiple tables came in after us and were finished way before us, because it took so long for our food to come out.  
I will give this location another chance if I'm in the area, but will stick with the original for now.Great food, decent service, and an interesting drink menu --all around, Slice is a nice place for a casual Uptown bite.  The meat plate was HUGE, diverse and satisfying (4 of us couldn't manage to finish it completely).  My stuffed ravioli was well flavored, al dente and buttery.  I wish I would think of eating here more often when I have a hankering for pizza or pasta.Ordered garlic cheese bread and spaghetti and meatballs. Garlic cheese bread slices were cold in the center and hot on the outside. Not very garlicky or buttery, just tasted like melted cheese on bread. Spaghetti and meatballs were unpleasant to the tongue. Tasted like it had been left on a buffet for 8 hours. Took the leftovers home and they've been sitting in my fridge for 5 days. Supermarket frozen dinners are cheaper, and taste fresher, sorry.I started going to the Slice on St. Charles years ago when visiting NOLA because my college buddy was the manager. He's no longer there and I live off of Magazine now so I decided to give this one a try since I always liked the original.
True to form, the Magazine locale did not disappoint. I love the white pizzas but everything is good. I love that the slices are big yet thin and that you can get just a slice for as little as $2.50. The garlic bread and sauce is spectacular and the salads aren't bad, either. They have a full bar and TV's if you just want to hang out and watch a game. Good local place with good service and good food. I'll definitely be back. And free wifi is always a plus!
12/09/12 Update: 
At ~ 6 pm on Sunday nights apparently this becomes a very child-friendly place. I was enjoying the 1/2 off Mimosa/Bloody Mary special when we were systematically invaded by loud, shrieking, and crying tiny humans whose parents thought it was cute every time Junior tried his "busting eardrum" trick. I was there to watch the Saints game but had to leave in the middle of it because it got so bad. I guess there's not much that Slice can do about it other than having separate seating places for those with kids and those without, and I doubt that would go over very well for a lot of people. 
So, food: top notch. Service? Excellent. Crowd....never had a problem until this one time but it's not Slice's fault. Just beware!Paper-thin pizza is not my style.  It is really good paper-thin pizza though with really really good toppings.  You cannot pick it up if it has a lot of toppings until you get near the crust.  It is good though.
I have been a million times to the St Charles location and the Magazine.  I prefer the atmosphere of the St Charles one but they are both "cool".  Lots of tatoos at least on st charles.
all comes down to if you like paper-thin pizza with great toppings.I woke up today and I was craving a sandwich. My boyfriend was craving pizza. We talked about it for a while and decided on pizza... it had something to do with wii.
At Slice, we got...
1. A salad with goat cheese and blueberries. Mmmm I love creamy goat cheese. The blueb's were not bad either. I steered away from the dressing (balsamic something or other) because of a recent experience I had in which some vinegar burned a hole in my tongue (figuratively speaking).
2. A pizza. It was good, very pizza-esque. No complaints.
3. Coffee (in a cup with a saucer!). I love when coffee is in a cup on a saucer, so that made me feel very nice.
There was a boatload of kids at the table next to us (and most of the tables not next to us) but what can you do, kids love pizza.
Also, on a final note, the bathrooms are AWESOME! (Not-spoiler alert) I'm not going to say another word on them, you will just have to check them out for yourself/selves.Food is good but the Magazine location has the worst service you can get uptown.  Our waiter was an a$$.  we were there an hour... food never came (and im talked the appetizer salads).  We asked for coffee, waiter brought it to us cold.  At this point we still didnt mind, we were hungry and in good spirits.  We asked if he could brew another pot and he replied rudely that "he did not have time to brew coffee" and "we needed to except that it was not going to happen". I will NEVER RETURN to this restaurant, there are too many GOOD places to eat in New Orleans.  Why pay someone to be an a$$hole to you?  You can get that for free at work!  
We talked to manager, he offered no remedy for the situation.  He seemed shocked that we would be upset about such a situation.   So for the 1st time ever, I walked out of a restaurant.  I even created a yelp account just to caution those thinking of eating here to re-think their plan.
SO if you want pizza, you should defiantly try Slice, BUT DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GO TO THE ONE ON ST.CHARLES!!!!  The St. Charles staff consistently provides excellent service.Pizza is great, but service is horrible!! I have been there a few times and it's always the same story. My husband and I tried eating there once, the hostess sat us and after 15 minutes no server had so much as greeted us, so we just got up an left. The pizza is good, but I don't think it's good enough to outweigh the bad service.So I've raved about slice on st charles, for valid reasons I feel.  And I went to this slice on magazine expecting much the same experience.  It was......  ok in comparison.
Let's start out with the awesome:
I like this venue more than st charles.  It felt more open, more welcoming, more hip, more architecturally vibrant and communicative.  Because it was.  Instead of a small dining area this was large and you didn'tr have to slide past the kitchen and several small booths.  Don't get me wrong, the small booths at st c are awesome, but I rarely get to enjoy them as I usually end up at slice with several people.  But magazine has plenty of tables, a hefty looking bar, outside seating on the corner with views of whole foods and the pinkberry (oh wait... did I mention it's across from pinkberry and if the joint hadn't been slammed I might have had to jot over and get a yogurt fix) as well as saint joes so I could really see makin this venue home base for those facts.  We sat at the booths in the back and they felt extraordinarily private evern with all the traffic back and forth to the dishes area.
Second once I was over the disapointment of no blackberry syrup for my italian cream soda I happily accepted the raspberry whenever it finally got to the table.  Though... this whole ordering thing sparked a serious question of what exactly is an egg cream?  No... really... seriously... what IS it?
But that brings about the major downside.  I don't know if our waitress was having a bad day or what but man was she pretty crappy.  Having spent several years in the serving industry and having friends still making wages serving up delicious vittles and concoctions I tend to go easy on the wait staff and tip big.... she...... made me want to change that policy.  Mostly the service was incredibly slow for how not that busy they were, she barely spoke to us at all and had a very healthy look of huge disdain on her face every time she plunked down a cup or plate and snottily answered every query we had and seemed to get pissed when I asked if they had the blackberry.......  she hussled us to hurry up and eat even though we were there at 8 and out by 9:30 and the damn place was open til 11.  We ordered wine, apps, slices, and a pasta dish as well as my soda so we weren't expecting to be treated like such utter cheapskates or such undeserving patrons.  And in fact we didn't even hassle her for anything extra once.  Her attitude really did put a bad taste in my mouth.
The mozzerella on the caprese salad was tasty and the tomatoes looked pretty fresh and the "balsalmic syrup" wasn't so much a reduction as straight up vinegar and there was no basil to speak of.  Lisa's pasta smelled great with the white sauce being a good consistency (as grams would approve) and the shrimp and veggies fresh and well cooked.  I do like that you can get the pasta in a small size, which I never realized since I never think to order pasta from them.  Jon and I both got slices.  My white pizza didnzmt come with any garlic at all this time so he ended up taking some of the overload off of his and dumping it onto mine.  Unfortunately my white pizza was incredibly dry.  I had to eliminate the crust from the list of edible things on the table (and I'm totally a crust person) and put it to the side. Jon enjoyed his. But I think his loaded toping evened out the crust issues.  As always the slices were huge and that is awesome.
All in all it was a meh experience for a Saturday night dinner with long lost friends.  And yes... we still tipped the waitress something awesome even though I wish I would have left her a note to smile at at least make it so I wanted to come back and have her again.  As it is if I ever see her walking towards my table with a menu again I might leave.  It had that much of an impact....My new favorite NOLA pizza place! This restaurant serves up fresh pizza and a cozy atmosphere. I recommend a slice of the 9th ward & the goat cheese and pepper jelly appetizer. So good. Also the wait staff here is wonderful, and they are team players. The only thing lacking is the dessert menu!Wow! Stopped in here before the parade for a drink and some apps and found a pizza place that has amazing BBQ shrimp! You have to get these!Excellent food, AWFUL service. Waited almost 40 minutes just to order our pizza. They made one of our pizza slices incorrectly TWICE. Really wish the customer service would have matched the awesome food.My wife and I really love this place. Great neighborhood pizza joint. I do have to say though that I am supremely disappointed that they recently changed their menu. They don't make medium pizzas anymore... A large is way too much food for two people (not to mention too expensive) and pizza by the slice just isn't the same as a whole pie. They also removed the penne pasta from the menu... Which was amazing. While my wife and I still go here it's now much less frequent :(I have enjoyed many pizzas from here however once I tried their delivery service I met with issues. In addition to calling  the Magazine St store I also called the St Charles location for delivery. Earlier today a large pizza and two salads were delivered from the Magazine location. However  this evening when attempting to get another pizza I was told they don't deliver to my area. In addition I was asked to hold for 5 minutes.  When I asked for a manager Scott answered and confirmed that I was not in the area. This happens to be the same area they delivered to earlier today. I then called St Charles and was told I wasn't in that area either. When I asked for the owners name I was asked why. While Slice may not care, they have just lost a loyal customer. I will no longer eat at any of their locations and since I can only get deliveries based on who answers the phone I guess my business is not needed or wanted.I went to Slice today for the first time in a while. My last time at this location was not the best experience, but today, my original plan for lunch did not work out and we decided to head to Slice.
We were seated at a table and a nice server greeted us. I ordered half the arugula salad and a slice of today's special, the Cheeseburger. My friend D ordered a Greek salad with salmon. Then as our server turned away, D mentioned that she wanted something fried. Our server heard and told us about the Fried Green Tomato Caprese, and we ended up ordering that as well.
The caprese came out first. It was delicious. The mozzarella was fresh and cold and the fried green tomato was piping hot, and they were delicious together.
Then it took kinda long but the rest of our food came out. I took a bite of my pizza and was confused. It had olives and didn't taste like a cheeseburger. When our server came back to check on us, I asked if I got the wrong pizza. She looked confused. I said, the cheeseburger... And she realized what had happened. When I asked for a slice of the special, she had thought I meant the special deluxe pizza, not the daily special. She offered to send out a slice of the cheeseburger pizza and I took her up on it. It took a while but it was worth it. Lots of beef and bacon then lettuce and pickles on top.
We had a good lunch and our server was great. Overall a much better experience than my last time here.The food was good, however the service was not there.  Adding to the service our dirty plates were never removed had to clean our own table.Good place for a varety of inexpensive, quickish, salads and appetizers on the go.
Pizza slices can be soggy.
Friendly, but some flaky staff (not so much the manager), good food, nice waitors.
A little bossy about seating guests.Slice has the best (and biggest) pizza in town and a great waitstaff. Paul, the manager, came out to our table to make sure that we were content patrons... and we were. If you are way Uptown and want to satisfy your stomach, Slice is the stop. Not only is the pizza good, the pasta is scrumptious and the daily specials are creative and satiating too.My favorite pizza in New Orleans. A variety of crust and sauce options make it great, and specifically to your taste. Have always had good service. The lasagna and ravioli are tasty too. Good drink options-- Sangria special is Friday.Good pizza and a decent selection. They are a bit understaffed during peak hours, but definitely worth it.  The fountain drinks are a bit over priced, but the alcohol is not.  I would suggest having a beer, margarita, or an Italian soda.So the only reason i ended up here is because whole food was closed for Holiday Party which ia cool.Waitress never did show up host actually took my order it's not like it's busy or anything.She finally comes over the so called waitress and smurks at ne and walks away.So get the food to go i should  have just gotten uo and left.If you aren't a hipster or over the age of 25 don't go here.10 people working and still get stinky ass service..What a jokeStick with the pizza and homemade ice pops.
On our first visit a few months ago, my pasta dish was cold and needed to be returned to the kitchen but my daughter loved her homemade ice pop and all of the ones listed look very good.
Second time around we each had a slice of pizza and I was impressed by the amount of toppings: my meat lovers was truly piled high and I liked the thin yet crispy crust. 
We had the same server both times and each time she was friendly and efficient so no complaints there.
A good spot for a light and cheap lunch.The toppings are good but the crust is just weird: not doughy, not a cracker, not easily folded yet it still fell apart.  I can't recommend it because of the crust.  Great service and a good atmosphere but they can't hack it with the crust.Solid pizza.  By far my favorite in the city.  Can't go wrong with making your own slice! :)I love slice. I love the fact that you can eat pizza with wasting a whole one. Building your own slice makes eating pizza adventurous. You'll never get the same slice twice unless you want to. Location is great but parking sucks. Granted a little walking can't hurt.  The large cupcakes at the bar are divine.Food, as always, was great. Service left a lot to be desired. Our server visited us three times. (Order, deliver food, deliver check) our drinks were only refilled when we got up and asked someone to do so. We waited an additional 5 minutes after the meal was delivered for us to receive silverware. (Nothing worse than seeing great food and not being able to eat it) After driving 12 hours to New Orleans and choosing this establishment to bring our out of town guests....it wasn't the experience we hoped for.  If you want to try slice, do yourself a favor and order a pizza to go.SLICE is my favorite pizza in NOLA. 
Really thin crust. Wide variety of toppings. and delicious cupcakes at the counter!!! 
My favorite pizza combo is bacon, jalapeno, and pineapple. Try it!Review for Happy Hour :
Fantastic!  Excellent beers on tap and they were half off from 3pm-6pm.  Half off appetizers as well.  Unfortunately there were out of mussels, which just means I'll have to come back again, but the shrimp app and the pizza was delicious.
The bartender was great and very friendly, as was the rest of the staff.  Will definitely be hitting up this happy hour again!
A note - remember to tip your servers as if the bill was full priced, not happy hour prices.  Remember, you're getting a great deal!  Sad to see such lousy tips on great food and service.I wasn't a Slice fan at first because their crust is kind of thin,  but then I started getting the single slices.  I live being able to get the toppings I crave.  And so far,  they have the best Bloody MarysWe have been here for 20 minutes no one came to our table. Once the waiter came all was good until our drinks were empty. I had to leave the table and go to the waiter and then he asked me to hold on, he was busy.... okay after a few minutes he took my order and then he brought the drinks 5 minutes later.... and then 20 minutes waiting on the check and yes.we are still waiting.  No tip for you buddy sorry.The pizza was excellent! We got the P.G.A. pizza (prosciutto, gorgonzola, and arugula). Everything tasted fresh. The dough was cooked to perfection resulting in a crunchy, chewy crust. I couldn't ask for anything more from a pizza. 
The waitstaff were super friendly and helpful! Our waiter chatted with us for a while and gave us some suggestions for next time... because we will be coming back! I'm gonna have to get that shrimp po-boy he suggested next time I'm there.
Well, I did end up coming back the next day with the rest of the family. Got that BBQ shrimp po-boy and now I couldn't be happier! The salads, pizzas, and calzone that everyone else got were also amazing. Waitstaff still super friendly and awesome. One of my favorite places now.So I work at Childrens Hospital and ordered 4 large pizzas for the gang.  Delicious!!!! Piping hot.  Quick delivery and nice delivery man.  Thanks for a great pie.I love this place!
they have great pizza and pasta options, albeit not that plentyful.
I think I'd prefer Theo's by a narrow margin which is the only reason I didn't give 5 stars.Overall I was highly disappointed. Pizza tasted old and wasn't cooked that day. Although I got 2 slices both were equally disappointed... Won't be back..The best neighborhood pizza joint in New Orleans.  The BBQ shrimp app is amazing...I wish I could get the recipe for that sauce. Crunchy thin crust pizza :)mmmm and I love that their salads and pastas come in half portions too!I was not a big fan of the other location, but I thought I'd give the new location a try.  I got a slice of Greek pizza, my partner got a slice and we both had soda.  I remembered the pizza slices being kind of so-so, but we both thought these were good.  Nicely seasoned, thin crust, abundant, flavorful toppings, plus for soda and a slice it was like 5 bucks.  Tough to beat.  The decor is fine and our waitress was really nice. There were only a few other tables in there, so I haven't been when it's packed, but I give it a thumbs up.My problem with Slice is that the pizza is never consistent. Sometimes, the crust is underdone, and other times it is practically charred. They do have wonderful salads!Excellent pizza by the slice.  Very good topping combinations on their specialty pizza.  I love the dough they use.  Can be slow at rush times however overall service is great.  Sometimes the portions vary a little too much for my liking on pasta dishes however the taste and quality is more than enough to keep me coming back.  I order food about once a week.  Ive tried most of the menu.This Slice is just OK.  The antipasta  tasted  a lot like it was put  together by Hormel and Polly-O.  It just took a few moments to be assembled by a chef.     The pepperoni was not  even separated, it was just taken out of its zip lock bag.  Also, pickled Okra?  Does not belong on an antipasto plate!   The salad was fresh save a few black spots,
Four employees at the end of the bar chatting.   "Disperse!" I wanted to say.   
I saw my server touch her hair and pick at her nails on several occasions. Yuk.   
My server was not knowledgeable about the menu items and I cringed each time she had to "go check".  I was hoping she could give more than a one syllable answer to anything-just anything.  I was very concerned for this little girl.  I did not see her having a very promising career there.   I also did not want her DNA in my food.
The service could have made up for the food, but it chose not to.  See, great service can make up for crappy food, but great food could never make up for crappy service.   Slice should take this advice and use it wisely.New to the area I love love love pizza. I heard about slice pizzeria and grabbed my mother and sister and headed over. So worth it!! We ordered a 14-15inch veggie pizza added pepperoni for me. It came out in a timely fashion and was delicious! Our waitress was kind and aware.  We didn't have time to get in on the half price drinks that day but we were blown away at the Bloody Mary prices! Definitely stopping in to partake in those. The place is clean and friendly.  Great hangout for a quick bite or a solo drink. I will be back next week. :)We came in for a quick bite. Two grilled cheese and gumbos, two slices and two beers later, we were full and happy. 
Emily, our host, was awesome. She gave us tips for other restaurants for late night dining, and shared her experiences of New Orleans. 
Will we be back here?  Absolutely. The choices were abundant, the food was great, the staff were friendly, and the wait time was minimal.This is my De Facto pizza joint. wonderful selection, incredible pizza. good beer. nice atmosphere. What else could one wantI had been to the St. Charles location with my dad a few years ago when he was in town visiting. Both he and I had a "meh" reaction because, although the pizza was good, we are from NY and are spoiled.
Maybe I have just been away from NY pizza for too long, but my experience at Slice this time was great. I stopped in for dinner with my girlfriend (yes, I will mention her in every single Yelp review because we are addicted to going out to eat, it's bad). The awesome thing about Slice is that you can create your own pizza BY THE SLICE. Meaning you can get a slice of whatever combination your heart dreams up without having to buy a whole pizza. THAT IS AWESOME.
I got one of the ready made pizzas, two slices of arugula, gorgonzola, and proscuitto topped goodness. My gf made her own weird concoction involving pineapple and black olives. Not really sure what was going on there, but she enthusiastically ate it, so I guess it was good.
Our waitress was pleasant and attentive, the pizza was good (as was the bruschetta we had, yumm! So fresh!), and while Slice is a weeeee bit more expensive than I would like it to be, it's certainly a great choice for a mid-range dinner at a casual, neighborhood place.I've always wanted try this place...and finally have! It was 2pm on a Thursday afternoon...during their happy hour.  It wasn't too busy, about 5 other tables.  I loved everything we got!  Half off bbq shrimp app, a slice of pga (yummmy!) And a 14'' works (like a supreme). We took half of the whole pie home.  Service was great...even if it was pretty much one guy taking care of all the tables.  We will definitely come back!Eh. Um. Blah! 
I just left lunch at Slice and it was so SUBPAR that I felt compelled to Yelp ASAP. After looking at Whole Foods' hot lunch bar, my lunch date and I decided to try Slice instead. 
I wanted something simple/healthy and ordered the Arugula Salad (large for $7.95). You can also add Chicken, Shrimp, or Salmon, however, the extra charge was not listed on the menu. Our waitress was attentive, but did not know how much extra the Salmon would be. She asked, came back...$4 extra. I was sold. 
It took a little bit for the food to come out...but understandable since we also ordered a Calzone. When my salad arrived, I had two pieces of Salmon on top. I dug into one piece and realized it was not cooked at all in the inside. The outer layer was barely cooked, the inside was still a raw, pink goo. If this was tuna, it would have been perfectly cooked...but, alas, it was Salmon and looked gross. I tried the second piece, hoping for fluffy flakes...but all I got was pink goo again. 
I called the waitress over. She asked if I wanted the Salmon cooked longer (um, gross, no. Maybe offer a new piece?). But I didn't have time to wait for anything to be cooked/re-cooked. She offered a bowl of soup, but I was already turned off by everything and declined. 
I asked for a plate and removed the Salmon from the bowl and was left with a sad Arugula Salad. This $7.95 salad consisted of a bowl of Arugula, 4 tiny Roma tomato slices, and "shaved" Pecorino. I was thinking the *shaved* Pecorino would be fresh, thick pieces of Pecorino (St. James Cheese style anyone?) but it looked like bag cheese and had no flavor. There wasn't much of it either, not that I wanted more bag cheese anyway. 
Sadness came over me. Unfulfilled and feeling a little bit jipped, our total was $28.00 (including tip) for an ok Calzone, a bowl of Arugula, and 2 drinks. 
I guess Whole Foods' prices aren't that bad after all!I recently had the chance to try Slice's Magazine Street location, and it didn't disappoint. Ironically, I don't go to Slice for pizza... I go for the cheese calzone with spinach. I think it is one of my favorite things in the world, as I seem incapable of ordering anything else for my main course. Slice has good salads, and I usually order the half Greek salad with bleu cheese vinegarette dressing. I liked my salad this time, but I didn't love it. I think it has changed over the last several months. (I don't get to Slice nearly as much as I would like.)
Our server was friendly and fast, and my water glass was never empty. Overall, it was a good experience.I am originally a New Yorker so getting pizza in a place like New Orleans can be hit or miss.  Slice was definitely a hit.  My New Yorker friend and I ventured in after a long day of business and meetings.  The place was packed and a bit loud; there were kids everywhere, so it wasn't my idea of a relaxing dinner. We also started with the Caprese salad which was not the best ever; the tomatoes definitely weren't ripe and I wanted more basil and balsamic. The wine was great, and the Gorgonzola, Prosciutto & Arugula pizza was DELICIOUS!   My only complaint about the pizza was that one half was black on the bottom, and the other side was almost underdone.  The flavors were there and we took it back to our hotel and had a really tasty late night snack.  The waiter was sweet and but seemed a bit overwhelmed; I overheard he had gotten quadruple seated.  Next time I'm in Nola and have a craving for chic pizza, I'll be heading back to Slice.Had the white pie with caramelized onions. The crust was crisp, if not a little charred, and the toppings were well proportioned. Recommend on the way back to Bourbon after a day at the zoo.Lets see.
I went, I ate, I paid, I left.  The food is alright.  Nothing special if you've ever had real Italian food.
Got out the front door - not even to magazine street - and realized that I left my wallet on the seat of my booth.
I turned right back around (I was not gone for more than 60 seconds) and walked directly back to the booth I was sitting in.
The table was bussed (Did most of that myself - A useless fact I might add) and my wallet was nowhere to be found.  I asked the rather rude bartender if my server found a wallet and he said no.  
The table top casts a big shadow over the seat of the booth.  This makes it very dark.  The booth seats are black, just like my wallet. - Basically, what I'm trying to say, is that NO ONE could have seen it just walking by or by chance or even if they looked directly into the booth. I left it on the seat all the way on the inside and returned not even a minute later.
The server, when I asked her about the wallet, became very defensive, stating that "We find IPhone's and stuff  like that all the time" and asked if I was accusing her!!  Of course I wasn't accusing her, I was just asking if she was the one who bussed the table or not.  The way she acted guilty right away told me something wasn't right.
Not once did any of the staff offer to help me look for my wallet. I asked to borrow a flashlight to look under the booth and Mr. Friendly behind the bar flatly said "We don't have one"
I never found my wallet. I'm sure it ended up in the dumpster behind the restaurant later that night after what little cash I did have was taken. 
It's a shame because the food isn't horrible (I mean c'mon, its pizza.  Pizza is like sex..even if it isn't good its STILL pretty good), but if a server has the boldness to steal a customers wallet, God only knows what they would do to your food.
Never again.Nice little spot for a lighter dinner.  Decent pizza- you can build a slice any way you want it.  My husband and I really enjoy the barbecue shrimp appetizer.  The pizza is almost secondary for us.  This is not an 8 minute pizza restaurant.  It is a great choice for  relaxed chat with lighter fare.  Haven't tried the pastas yet.- not sure we will because we so enjoy a single slice of pizza with that barbecue shrimp!i think slice is a solid, consistant pizza joint.  they have a great choice of toppings, which include my favorite combo: italian sausage, caramelized onions, and goat cheese.  it's pretty tough to get a good parking spot around that area when it gets busy but it's in a great location.
it's the best neighborhood pizza joint for the park area in uptown.Dinner was just spot on. Ordered penne caprese and margarita pizza, frozen Mexican coffee from BRIAN! He was hilarious and even ran my sunglasses out to me when I left them on the table! What a gentleman! Will obviously be backMeh. 
On this Friday evening it was hard to tell if we were visiting a pizza restaurant or a day care center. The back area is acoustically challenged to begin with, but with a dozen or more kids back here  it was impossible to talk without shouting. 
Service was OK, nothing more. White bean soup was middling as was the salad. The pizza (Greek) was good, but not outstanding - and it seemed a little weary and tired.
I'll go back based on earlier visits, but later, after the kids have gone to bed. And given a choice, I'll sit at the bar rather than in the back, which has the soulless ambiance of a Chuck E. Cheese.The pizza is fairly tasty, but the service is disappointing. My main complaint is they are extremely slow! It is pizza...how long could it take to throw some veggies on dough and put it in an oven...well, if you are slice...45 minutes give or take a lifetime. 
However, the veggie pizza is quite tasty.I have eaten at the St. Charles location in the past and it was very good. Last week I ate at the Magazine location. I love that you can order by the slice (obvious by the name, I know) so everyone at the table can get something different. I had a slice of spinach/artichoke/sun dried tomato pizza and had them add some bacon. I also had a small mesclun salad (greens, goat cheese, walnuts, and berries). Both were really, truly, good. It was the perfect sized lunch without being stuffed and the prices are nice. Next time I really have to try the Trucker, it'll just have to be a to hell with the calories day.Had a blueberry/walnut/goat cheese/greens salad..it was very tasty but really small for the price. I wanted an espresso but their machine was broken :( I would go here again with a large group so we could try all different kinds of pizza..I think the pizza is a better value than the salad. Overall great vibes, good location across from St. Joes bar and next to Whole Foods, so you can get groceries after lunch like I did :) Next time I also want to try the cinnamon bread pudding!Amazing everytime.  The pizza, meatball sub, and any kind of bread pudding is perfect.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality with the low price.  It's pretty much a Friday night ritual.  Staff is awesome too.  Try the strawberry chesscake bread pudding when they have it!!Oh i love this place 4 dollars for a slice of gourmet pizza on magazine st i would eat here 3x a week if i could.
I love the decor of this place i love the white and tan colors its so welcoming yet chic. Ive never been to the st. Charles location but if its like this one im soo there.
The food was really good but the marinara sauce has a touch too much garlic for my tastebuds. I love the crust its not too thick or too thin its perfect.
Cant wait to show my friends and family this place.I love this place. The BBQ shrimp appetizer is MIND BLOWING. The Arugula, procuitto pizza is amazing.  Besides that yeah their food is just good.  Though I would say to avoid the pasta.  It is super heavy without the flavor to justify it.I can't stand how much I love Slice. I just can't stand it. My bias is that it was the only place with a SORTA gastropub feel in walking distance from the place I stayed last summer--one that passed Miss Barker's litmus test(Can I drink here alone on a weeknight and not feel sad/worried?) So that's my bias. I found out about Constance New Orleans (the art blog) from waitstaff at Slice. I found out about Magic Hat's novel approach to apricot from the bartender at Slice. Slice has opened doors of safety and culture for me, so yeah, I'm a fan.
The ingredients are fresh and Slice actually seems to have fun with them. The new Sportsman's Paradise pizza  (andouille sausage, corn, caramelized onion, shrimp) feels like I'm putting an early summer festival in my mouth (sans piss puddle and dehydration BO) and when I first tried it last month (that long ago?) it surprised me that this hadn't been a signature pizza forever.
My all-time favorite is the pga --prosciutto de parma (cured ham!), mild gorgonzola & bitter arugula. Last summer the waitress told me she loved it with honey drizzled on it, and this year they've printed "honey by request" under its description in the pizza line-up. Gotta love a living, breathing menu that changes with new discoveries of its staff. 
Half price pitchers of premium beers (like Magic Hat!) and daily drink specials. The lighting prevents Slice's bar from ever really feeling like a bar-bar, but late at night the families empty out and the singles are tipsy enough to create a Slice-ified bar vibe, if I do say so myself.Best NY style pizza! I love the customization and all the toppings to chose from and they sell by the slice! Delicious pizza and drinks!Pizza by the heavenly slice! Hands down the best pizza I have ever had! Our waitress was also awesome and made the place even better! I will return on my next trip to NOLA!This is the goto pizza spot for my sweetie and I.   I try try try to get something different everytime I come, and I usually do, but one of the 2 slices I get is always the HAPP.  Get it, I am sure you will like it.
Sometimes the service is ULTRA SLOW.  All the way around. Like taking order to dropping off the bill.  That can happen 1 out of 6 times.  The rest of the time its fast.
The beer selection is good too.  The crowd is very very mixed.  I have been here for the little league team of boys and the drunk douchebag frat boys, but that is just background noise for me.  The food is always on point.  Though one day I plan on getting a BBQ shrimp poboy..... and a slice of HAPP.Pizza is great and the service is good, too. They burnt the bottom of our pizza once but it was still delicious. Obviously it was an accident so of course I'll be back!Okay. The food here was pretty good, the location was highly convenient, given that I was right across the street at St. Joe's when I ran into a very good friend I hadn't seen in a while. Overall, I don't have complaints about, well, anything. Except the service. Oh, the service. 
This is probably unlikely to happen to most people when they eat at Slice, so my experience may not be relevant to everyone, but it was so weird I can't not share it. So, the guy who was waiting on our table was... overly attentive. To the point that it was disconcerting, off-putting, slightly creepy in the "is he going to try to sit in my lap? WTF?" kind of way. 
Don't get me wrong. The dude was nice. But my friend Megan and I were deeply involved in our conversation, as we excitedly caught one another up on the past 6-8 months of badassery. Therefore, your average, below average or highly attuned to the nuances of his job waiter would, nearly always, know better than to kneel by your table and stare intently at you for so long that finally you trail off mid sentence because "seriously, what is this guy doing here?" 
If that doesn't make sense, let me try again. At one point, we had barely gotten our drinks, had already asked for more time to look at the menu approximately 30 seconds earlier, and the dude comes back and stares at us until I stopped talking and just ordered something so he'd go away.
Lingering stares. Constant interruptions. Unnecessary questions. An unsettling and thoroughly creepy vibe. Not a great experience. Literally, it drove us out of the restaurant. We might've stayed longer, but couldn't take it after a while. Next time, if I ever go here again, I will literally turn around and walk out the door if that guy is working. Even if he's not our waiter, I have a feeling he'll still be overly involved in my dining experience. No thanks.EDIT - went back for late dinner THAT SAME NIGHT ha..we showed up at 10:15, when they close at 11, and were basically the only ones there - the staff remained gracious, helpful, and patient, which I really appreciated. They have a fantastic happy hour that happens twice a day; I can't remember the hours of the first one, but I know the second one is from 9-11 PM. During happy hour you can get a pint of Abita Amber for $2, a glass of red wine for $3 (pinot grigio or chianti), or a pitcher of Abita for $8, etc. etc. We all got pizza and we all loved it. I had three slices. The end! :)A great place to go with friends---it has a classier atmosphere and serves more gourmet pizza than your normal pizza joint. The Bacon, Basil, Garlic pizza was out of this world, I salivate thinking about it. If you want to take a break from typical New Orleans fare (po boys, gumbo, deep-fried food) and dig into a delicious pizza pie, this is your place!Just get the BBQ Shrimp po boy. This thing is just so, SO good. I can't even handle it. I'm honestly not even sure if I've even had BBQ shrimp anywhere else, but why even bother when it's so good at Slice? Did I mention how I can't even handle it? I need like 4 of them right...NOW.
I also like their drink specials; half-price sangria on Fridays is pretty tasty. I've tried a couple of their salads and was very pleased. I also have had the Eggplant Parmesan (I'm 96% sure that's what it was) and it was good. But frankly, everything pales in comparison to that unbelievable BBQ shrimp.
Parking is pretty horrible as it's on Magazine, so you have to drive around the block sometimes to find something. But trust me, it will be worth it.You would expect New Orleans pizza to be incredible, no?  Try the muffelata or cajun slices.  Just perfect.  Overall, great service, management, food and drink.  Can't go wrong.  Love this neighborhood place.  Especially the staff, who are great, caring, down to earth people who enjoy creating a fun environment.  
Never visit NOLA without a slice at Slice.Generally great pizza and even better calzones. Stay away from the lasagna, because it is embarrassingly small. I had 2 pieces delivered tonight, one for myself and one for a friend. When they arrived they were about  2.5" X 2.5" pieces. I called to make sure they didn't send over an order from the children's menu. She said that is the size they always cut them.I wrote a review for Slice on St. Charles so it ditto here with the exception that this place is bigger and has a nicer atmosphere.   The pizza is the best in town.  In my humble opinion.  :)Between the service and food, I have never been disappointed at Slice. Their half salad portions are wonderful, especially if you are splitting a pizza with a group. Be sure to check out their great salad dressing as well! I know one person who goes just for the dressing. 
Slice is a great place to get by the slice or a whole pizza. And for those gf people like me... (1) celebrate they have gf dough, (2) know that it comes only in a medium, (3) be aware gf dough is a $4 upgrade, and (4) most importantly, the crust is amazing! 
There are also daily drink specials and happy hour prices (end at 6pm). The only complaint I've heard is that their carbonation on the Dr. Pepper was a bit off.Very good food and very reasonable prices. The wait staff is friendly and attentive. I come often for lunch. The Bacon, basil, chicken ravioli is especially good.Slice is a great little pizza establishment where you can but pizza by the slice or by the pie. The pizza is good! The crust is just right, not cracker thin, but not super thick to where you get so filled up with bread.  We also had the Mint Chocolate Bread Pudding for dessert which was delicious. The server we had was super attentive to our needs and seemed genuinely happy to serve us. Slice offers and outdoor seating area too which is really nice.What kind of moron goes to a pizzeria and doesn't order pizza? This moron right here, but I'll tell you why. 
For years I have heard how wonderful a place Slice is. It took me several years to finally visit and when I did I ordered a po-boy. This may seem like an insane choice at a business known for great pizza, but this wasn't just any po-boy. It was their New Orleans style BBQ shrimp po-boy. 
I love BBQ shrimp. When I saw that Slice put theirs on French bread, I knew I had to have it. Not only was it an incredible sandwich, the shrimp were some of the best of their type that I've had anywhere. The perfectly spicy and buttery sauce was so good that had to resist the urge to lick the plate clean. That divine sauce soaked into the French bread, but left it with enough substance that it could still be eaten using my hands. It was incredible. In fact, it was so good that on my second trip, I had the exact same thing. 
The only other item I have tried has been their Caesar salad. It was well made and had a good lettuce to dressing ratio, but get the po-boy no matter what else you try. 
On all of my visits here I have been waited on by friendly and professional servers. The food always arrives promptly and prices are very reasonable. The one negative is the parking situation. Since this block of Magazine is packed  with shops, the street parking is often hard to come by. Plan on circling the block a few times if you want to park somewhat close.Great service with even better food.
Slice has great pizza, available by the pie or slice (hence the name) at an affordable price.  Slice also offers a good bar selection with a varied beer and wine selection.
My favorite meal was the BBQ shrimp Po-Boy, very saucy, very shrimpy, very very good!
Slice is a great pizza joint, but goes beyond that with a great atmosphere, alternative food selections and fantastic service.Such a friendly staff.  The bartender was funny and friendly,  making sure everything was taken care of,. I did sit at the bar.  After my appetizer of goat cheese and pepper jelly,  which I recommend,  I was ready for the main course.  Tonight,  I decided upon the special.  Bacon and chicken with a creamy spinach and cheese ravioli.  Ssssssoooooooooo good.  I cleaned my plate entirely too quickly.  I would recommend this place ti anyone looking for good food in a pleasant atmosphere.Great service! I LOVE their pizza despite that some people think its too greasy but thats best part! The sauce is great the cheese is perfect and they're always generous with the pepperoni. I love that they do pizza by the slice unlike some places in the area.Love this place!! I have a gluten allergy so I obviously love the fact I can go to a normal restaurant and order a pizza! 
My family loves the regular pizzas and pastas too! You can order any pizza by the slice, so it's easy to try new things! 
It is VERY dim and smokey in the restaurant. I know it's from the pizza ovens (I mean it smells like heaven) but I also get a little claustrophobic and I smell like pizza for hours after!Prices are good, atmosphere is fun and casual. Don't come when it's busy. We've been waiting 40 min for our food and counting... Can't review our food since I haven't tasted it yet. I asked to talk to a manager and he basically told me to take a look around. "We're busy and if you can't understand that then I'll take your food off the ticket and leave". Our server was nice; the manager however was rude. As a manager myself, had I known that it was going to take a while, I would've told my servers to warn the guests that it is going to take a while. If the guests agree to stay then the guests can't open their mouths because they agreed to stay. 
Other people that sat after us got food before us.... It's really the manager's attitude that got to me. He should take some tips from the server working under him. Shed probably do a better job. 
I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt and just say this was one of those times that rarely happens. If I do come back, I'll make sure I'm not super hungry.Service was a little slow but friendly. I got the shrimp and andouille pizza slice as recommended from a classmate. It was good, but nothing special. Slice for  $3.75. My friend liked her bacon basil chicken ravioli. the place is pretty spacious and decorated really cute.Had a slice at Slice on St. Charles.  Very good New York style pizza.My meal was an utter disappointment. The food as usual was palatable, however, the service was perhaps the worst I've ever received. It took nearly an hour to bring just half of our meal, assuring us the rest was on its way. It was not. It took calling for servers multiple times, who neglected to check on us on their own accord, to finally remind them that we were missing half of our meal. Our initial server had seemingly disappeared, and our replacement was unapologetic. It seems the service has consistently gotten worse with each visit, however, words do not describe how off-putting the sour, absentminded attitudes of the staff were on this evening. I do not expect to patronize this establishment anymore. The service has simply gotten too unbearable. Do not go here.Slice and I have been in love for about four years. We first met at Mardi Gras (as all good relationships begin, of course) on St. Charles, when my friends and I wandered in after a long day of grabbing beads and definitely not drinking since we were under age. Ahem. It was then I got my first taste of Slice, and I was hooked. 
Luckily this new location opened, so Slice and I are no longer long distance. Now I can enjoy my pizza and salad at a convenient location. The Magazine location probably has about the same amount of seating, but with an expansive bar area (where you can also get your take out orders). My only complaint about it is the acoustics are kind of awful.. if it's crowded, it's very loud. 
Dishes that I would recommend:
-- Bruschetta 
-- Meatballs
-- Mesclun salad (and I don't usually even like salad, so this has to be REALLY good)
-- White pizza (add spinach)
-- Fresh pizza (kind of like margherita) 
-- Portofino pasta (the small version is still huge)
Tips: I've heard they have a great happy hour special. I will report back once I go.Very much enjoyed this place for some good and affordable Italian fare. I ordered the four cheese ravioli and got the pesto sauce instead of the red. It was the PERFECT COMBINATION! Plenty of cheese so if you love cheese, that's good to know.
Service was on point and attentive.I went there just 4 times in the last 11 month, but every time I feel comfortable there :D
The pizza is the best seller here, we can add many toppings. I also like the lasagna and spaghetti.What can I say... Great slice of pizza. My favorite is the special but I've never had a slice I regret.This place is a short walk from my house and I've gone a number of times out of convenience.  It's located right next to the Whole Foods on Magazine directly across from St. Joes.  The atmosphere is nice.  It's definitely a much different look than the Slice on St. Charles.  Much more of a nice atmosphere as opposed to that of a pizza place.  So, it's probably a better place to bring someone for a nice meal or a date than the other location. 
The food here is alright.  I've been here a few times and it's been mixed results.  The pizza is pretty good.  The pasta dishes that I've had aren't exactly anything to write home about.  The last two times I went, it was a tad loud with the music playing.  So loud that I had to lean in close to talk to the person I was with.  That was a bit annoying, but it has not always been the case.  The service is spotty in the times that I've been.  I've had good service and not so good service.  
All in all, it's a mixed bag.  The menu is up and down as is the service.  It's worth a shot and certainly isn't a bad place to stop in.