One star at best. This place is seriously tired and run down. We had breakfast there this morning. We would agree with the reviewer who commented that her food had no taste - or at any rate everything was on the bland side. I had the Guatemalan -- black beans, eggs, avocado and a tortilla; my husband had a chili cheese omelet. Service was not terrible but our server wasn't very interested, and didn't come back to ask how we were doing. The free newspapers near the door were scattered all around the racks and the floors and booths do not show that anyone cares how they look. Very odd ladies' restroom -- two toilets in the room but no stall dividers. We will not be back.Blues salad rocks.... Good portion and super tasty.  Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Can't wait to try the other items on the menu.Ate here for the first time, last Tuesday morning.
Great breakfast menu at very reasonable prices(cash only).
Nice homey feeling place, lot of trash talking going on between the cooks and regular customers at the counter(open kitchen). Old school looking diner with lots of  character. Friendly waitstaff and good food.Cute little breakfast place, with a few good gluten-free options. I chose this place because online the menu stated that they had gluten-free waffles. However when we got there we learned that the kitchen has cross contamination issues. I ordered an omelette which was fantastic and my father ordered a unique dish of mole tamales. I appreciated the honesty that the servers had with my gluten allergy.My measure for a good breakfast place is whether or not they can get eggs cooked over medium right...
Believe it or not, some place have difficulties with that.
So I ordered my standard stuff (to include eggs over medium) and wham bam - got it right.
We had really good service, everyone was really friendly in there.
The hash browns were just ayight, a little over-cooked / too crispy, and typically I prefer home fries...
Although I prefer Coulis, this is a good breakfast spot as well.We went to Slim Goodies for an early breakfast on our first morning of our most recent trip. Since we were early there was no line and plenty of seats. I had the Creole Slammer (eggs smothered in crawfish etouffee over hash browns) and my wife had the Guatemalan breakfast, our son had the chocolate chip pancake with a side of bacon and fruit. We devoured everything. Service was great...I just wish they served drinks!Best diner in the city. Definitely try the Orleans Slammer...and have an appetite when you do! However, pancakes are a little on the crispy side.They have great veggie options but I opted for the B.E.C. which was perfect over-easy! Marvelous playlist and, in true NOLA style, no one hovered but everyone made sure the food and drink kept coming. They only accept cash, which matches the vibe there and, with shopping options at the surrounding stores on Magazine Street, ATMs are close! This is a great place to stop in for a bite, beverage, or wifi to take a working break!GET "THE CRABBY WIFE" 
I live in the neighborhood and this is one of the best places to grab a plate of delicious breakfast/comfort food. They have gluten free, vegetarian, and vegan options as well for a food diverse party. 
I love Slim Goodies!This place is a solid diner and has some great options. The heavenly waffles (pecan waffles with strawberries on top and whipped cream) have been a major craving throughout my pregnancy and are just amazing. There are also a lot of great vegetarian options which makes me quite happy as well.
Cash only! Can be a wait on the weekends.Slim Goodies is a diner with personality.  Lots of locals stop in and for good reason; the menu has tons of breakfast options with attentive service.  I recently met a friend here for breakfast and we thoroughly enjoyed the Popeye Slammer and Sweet Potato Pancakes.  Both were delicious and filling.  Our waitress had a laid back attitude, but was very attentive.  She confirmed that we made great selections and quickly returned with our order and kept my coffee cup full. 
The price point is very inexpensive, but they only accept cash, which made me feel like a high school pooling money together, once it came time to pay the bill.  It's easy to get in and out, but easily the kind of place you can linger around and read the paper or have a long conversation.  I can't wait to go back!
This place has such a good vibe and lots more seating than you would think.  I love the Polariod shots on the wall of family, friends and neighbors who frequent this place.  Check it out and good luck narrowing down the selection.I would be lying if I didn't say the food was good. There is no doubt about that. 
However, the customer service was like something out of a horror film. The woman running the place ruined our whole experience. From the moment we walked in she was rude to everyone in our party.
I have worked in the service industry all my life. The reason I chose to write this review is because I believe you are doing a disservice to the company if you don't let them know when something like this happens. I know just as well as anyone else that people sometimes have bad days or even weeks but there was no excuse for this kind of behavior. I have never seen anything like it. 
Give it a try if you want but I certainly will not be going back.Great breakfast. Many good options. It also had a lot of things available for vegetarians. Good atmosphere with a friendly staff.This place is pretty good. I'm more of a Surrey's guy myself but Slim Goodies takes a solid third place behind Couli's.  you can't really go wrong here but sometimes they close early which I got NO LOVE FOR EARLY CLOSERS. I'm talking 30 minutes early.  Stick to the hours on your website. Now I'm 20 minutes from any other breakfast joints which will be closing on time but I'm not the guy who walks in 10 minutes to close on a kitchen. Anyway they stole my breakfast sandwich opportunity and they were not nice about it. Weak.This is definitely the place I love hitting up while in the city because it's pretty cheap and also what i order is pretty fatty and tasty.  No complaints except for the wait on the weekends..First, to definitively fix some misinformation in other reviews: it is clean. It is as clean as any restaurant I've been in.
 The staff is friendly and attentive. The art on the walls is great. It shares a little of the style and attitude of Hell's Kitchen in Minneapolis.
The food is solid good. I had Jewish Coonass, which is eggs on potato pancakes (_not_ latkes) with grilled spinach under shrimp étouffée. Herself had the Napoleon Benedict. Again, good but not transcendent.
They cold-brew, but sadly not decaf, but hot decaf over crushed ice was fantastic.
Go expecting terrestrial quality and enjoyLet me start of by saying I'd rather go to ihop!
Why?
Rude wait staff and overpriced mediocre food. 
Once we got to our table the "owner" tossed our menus on the table in front of us, and didn't say a word. RUDE!!! Despite this, my wife and I ordered a waffle, an omelet and two chocolate milks. When we received our food it was bad, burnt bacon, dull veggies, no cheese. The waffle was flat and dry and not the big fluffy golden brown waffle you would imagine or hope to see on your plate. 
The bill was 20 bucks, and definitely not well spent.After walking two miles in torrential rain to this place, I was skeptical if Slim Goodies would be worth my misery. 
It was hard to spot and I think I was disappointed it didn't look more inviting, hit oept an open mind. The place looked cool and comfortable inside.
I was served coffee, and to my dismay, the creamer was bad. It made me grumpy, but thought to ask for fresh coffee after we ordered. But it was the first thing our waiter noticed, and immediately got us fresh coffee, a cup of milk, and took the offending cream from the tables (our group took up two tables). 
The coffee was amaze (sans cream) and the menu all sounded fantastic. It's definitely more than your average diner. We paid $9 for a waffle, and $16 for a modestly sized Cajun egg and potatoes plate. BUT IT WAS SO GOOD. 
The pecans in the waffles had great flavor, and the waffle itself was a perfect balance of crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.
The egg plate was AMAZING (Called the Jewish Coonass) and was definitely unique to the area. I ate more than I meant to, even with relatively modest plate sizes.
I would definitely recommend it and would return again, perhaps on a warm, dry day. But it definitely beat away the rainy day blues.I love the burgers here.  Diner style burgers.  Haven't even tried the breakfast here because of the burgers.  I just add an egg to my burger.  There ya go.  Service is good.Came here the morning after Halloween. Needless to say we expected it to be slammed and prepared ourselves for an long wait and slow service but we're pleasantly surprised! We were sat in about 15 minutes and had food on our table in another 10. Our waitress was very attentive, our coffee cups were never empty and we got our bill given and taken care of quickly. The food was also very good! Serving sizes are large and a great value! I ordered the Sinkhole omelet and enjoyed it.Always enjoy slim goodies! Once ran into Will Farrell here. Great hash browns. Stacked pancakes be STACKED! never finished themI recently moved to Louisiana. I had got tired of eating the same thing for breakfast everyday, so I said I'll order some food. I ordered the Doc Horn Combo from Slim Goodies with chocolate chip pancakes, sausage, and eggs through Uber Eats. When I received the food, it was extremely cold and had no taste. Not only that the pancakes were thrown on top of the eggs so the eggs were soggy. But it doesn't stop there! I went to cut a second piece of the pancake, and there was a long strand of hair inside of it. I didn't even look for anything else, I was done after that.
I will say that the manager I spoke with over the phone was very nice and helpful, and he sincerely apologized. I did call Uber Eats to get a refund, which I will be receiving.I don't know why I don't go here more often, seeing as I live just a few blocks away. Perhaps the most artfully "grunge-hipster, we really ought to be in Austin or Portland" diner in New Orleans, Slim Goodies' main mission is to feed you well. Not only are there both classic and outre' variations on egg dishes galore, but the list of sandwiches, burgers and pancakes will assure that if you walk in with your hippy cousin, matronly mom and punk rock brother. all will leave fat & happy. They even have fake bacon so we non-meat eaters can have a salty strip (I admit, not nearly as tasty as the real thing) with out pancake or omelette. A great jukebox and super cool and friendly waitstaff complete the magical atmosphere.Jewish coonass was one of the best breakfast items on the menu. Friend got the deal with plantains and beans and that too was excellent. Bring your own champagne for mimosas though, as there's no license for that here.I loved this place. Probably the best breakfast/brunch I had in my two week trip to the USA. Went for one of the veggie plates - two eggs on hash browns with spinach and loads of veggies - plus cheese. Can't remember the name of it on the menu but it was just fantastic. The sort of meal you just want to eat again right away. Plus, as a tourist, you really do get that whole 'classic diner' vibe...Great place! Combination old school diner and cool trendy place. I had heard about the Southern Slam and wanted to check it out. Was not disappointed. Very tasty and creative too. Will be back next time I'm in New Orleans.It is obvious after digging into this yelp page that the only reason people continue to patronize this restaurant is because it is paying yelp for premium services which include HIDING THE PLETHORA OF TERRIBLE REVIEWS (over 30) in the "not recommended" section... dozens and dozens of credible yelpers giving honest opinions being pushed to the back pages so a business that should be closed can continue to operate and steal money from unsuspecting tourists (not that I'm a fan of tourists) and locals trying unsuccessfully to continue to give this place a chance. Just a word to  the wise... if you have 30 something reviews that aren't recommended, it's not the reviews that constitute the problem , IT'S THE ESTABLISHMENT. This is why i really don't even trust yelp anymore at all. 
I have ordered here approximately 5-10 times in the last couple years, mostly from Uber eats but in person as well. It has never been good and i don't know why i have yet to learn my lesson. After today, however, I'm actually done and i feel the need to warn others because this place should be nowhere near as popular as it is. It's diner food that tastes like diner food but there is literally ALWAYS something wrong with the order, something improperly cooked, or something missing from the order. This time the wrongness came in the form of a COMPLETELY RAW HAMBURGER that cost $11.50.
Potential customers please see the photo, but Slim if y'all are allowing that garbage to come out of your kitchen you obviously have no quality control whatsoever, let alone a meat thermometer, and certainly don't deserve 3.5 stars or honestly even to be open. I will not be patronizing this establishment ever again and i hope you, my fellow yelpers, won't either.Service was so amazing and some of the kindest people!! We came with a group of about 20 and they put us on the back porch which was absolutely gorgeous. We only had to wait about 5 minutes to be seated and they even took a group picture of us to put on the wall. Great experience!!First- this place is AMAZING
Second- BRADY & IKE are my Hero's!!! They were so personable and extremely sincere. Best staff and best food. 
Luther is one hell of a cook! The food he prepared for us was on point! AND we got the best seat on the houseI loved this place! A good amount of seats and an interesting cross-section of people eating. I grabbed brunch today and there seemed to be a lot of Cross Fit devotees, neighborhood residents, and tourist shoppers mixed together.
The food is perfect. I was in a simple mood and opted for pancakes, bacon, and eggs which came quickly and prepared exactly as I requested. Just what the doctor ordered after a touristy week of random deep fried foods. The menu is descriptive and fun without being obsessed with its own cleverness.
The service is FANTASTIC. It was a little busy but I didn't feel pushed out and I was checked in with frequently by the wait staff. I did have to giggle a bit when I stopped in the restroom - the ladies room has two toilets for some reason, but it's just another splash of whimsy.We were recommend this diner by our rental car attended. Boy it was worth the drive! The staff is sooo nice and welcoming and the food and drinks did them justice. We also met the owner Debbie and she was awesome to say the least. She told us where to get crawfish and things to do in the area. If you're in the area of New orleans this place is a must!I visited here a few years back after reading great reviews for it here. It was a Sunday and me and 5 of my friends came here for my b-day breakfast. Yes we did wait an 1hr 30 mins to be seated but it was WELL worth it. The waitress was awesome super friendly, a little slow service but hey it was packed. I would definitely come back because of the diner feel and the kick ass food. Plus I got an awesome free t-shirt!!Heaven Waffle and Bon Ton crawfish omlette was et.
Such deliciousness. So breakfast. Wow.This was for a long while my regular spot after a night out of drinking. Not sure why I haven't been there in awhile but it was always excellent. The staff is friendly and quirky in a very New Orleans-esq way. I can't complain about fluffy eggs and crispy bacon.Dive is the right word! The food is greasy and the service is horrindous! I waited 40 minutes on my order before I gave up and left! That is after I got up to get my own menu and stopped someone to finally take my order. Plus they have 2 critical health code violations as of March 2013. Which can be found online so it is factual this place is dirty. The hipster service staff actually view their customers as bother. You can try if you like but you have been warned.
Health inspection 
http://inspections.eatsafe.la.gov/Reports/36-0039068_2013-3-28_628228_Web%20Report.pdfYou know, I blame myself.  I should have realized what I was getting into by the look of the place.  I thought, "Funky Diner, a little dirty, could be a secret gem???"  Not even close. This was the most overpriced, weak breakfast I've ever had.  I could have forgiven the food quality, had the prices been comparable.  You're better off eating a gas station breakfast.  Our check was $27 dollars for one veg. dish and some ala carte items. 3 bucks for a minuscule glass of OJ, 2.50 for two non existent pieces of bacon, and don't get me started on the sorry excuse for toast. And then, THEY DON'T ACCEPT CARDS!  Cash only. The only bright spot was our server, who was very nice and helpful.Delicious...the beans have a je ne sais pas to them but they made the New Orleans whatchamacallit.Do you want pancakes for breakfast? Best pancakes in town right here!
I highly recommend the sweet potato and / or banana pancakes!Pretty good breakfast diner. The Polaroids on the wall are pretty retro. Great service and attitude from all personnel. I had the Americana omelette (can't screw it up). Not bad.I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT. I have been eating here since I was a kid. An Orleans slammer is the best cure for a hangover. However; I have a complaint that I want to be seen. Yesterday(Sunday) my friend an I drove from Metairie to eat brunch at Slims. The website said they would be open until 3. When we walked into the restaurant at 2pm we were awkwardly stared at by one of the staff members and told "oh, we're closing. Because we're slow." The cooks were still cooking, and people were still eating. My friend and I drove all the way from METAIRIE. I shouldn't HAVE to call a restaurant to see if they'll still be open an hour before they close. If that's the case, don't advertise hours online. Completely unprofessional. But shout out to Katie's for being open the same hours and sitting us at 2:30 while they close at 3!Awesome place! Very laid back but good food! Cash only!!!! I had the Americano omelet which is huge! It comes with a home made biscuit that's perfect.  I also got a side of grits! Needed a little salt but other wise perfection! Nice people and good food I will be back!I don't understand why people wait to eat here. The service was sub par, as was the food. My over-easy eggs were WAY over-cooked, as was the bacon. Our server told us the bacon is made ahead of time and sits under heat lamps. It tasted like it. I had coffee that was only refilled if I managed to see and flag our server. He also brought back our change by rounding the bill up to the nearest dollar amount. On a brighter note, the music was good, but we won't be back.I dont know if this is a New Orleans thing that I am just not aware of but this place is unsanitary.
We sat at the bar area right in front of the cooks.
I saw the main cook pick food off of plates before they went out to the customers; i saw him make a burger out of raw ground beef and (without washing his hands) continue to touch peoples food including my own.  Finally, I saw the cook use a dirty rag to clean uncooked meat juices and then use the same rag to wipe off a plate before he used it to make someones food.
Maybe this is a NOLA thing that I am just ignorant to but being a scientist.....it absolutely disgusted me ESPECIALLY THE RAW MEAT PART.waited outside in the rainy drizzle for 15 mins to be seated but once we sat down and read the menu it seemed to make the wait worth while.
the slammers are oh so greasy and good! breakfast is my favorite meal and i wish i lived in nola so i could eat here more often!!Slim Goodies was the best breakfast we had in New Orleans hands down. We sat out on the lovely patio. Our server was very personable. There were options for every kind of eater, from vegan options to waffles. Good coffee , too.OMG!!!!!! This place was soooo totally AWESOME. We completely cleaned our plates!!!! And the priced were RIGHT!!! We ordered goat cheese grits, Creole Slammer and Les Bons Temps everything was GREAT!!!! Our waitress Iris was very attentive and welcoming. Great place to go.Couldn't ask for a better taste of Neworleans Breakfast! Check out my review on my travel blog - Paul The Wanderer www.worryfreetravels.com/north-america/how-we-vacationed-to-new-orleans-on-a-budget/Food is decent enough, though by no means extraordinary, but service is truly awful, even on a Wednesday for lunch with the restaurant not even a quarter full. Waited an hour for some $10 eggs. Overpriced and not worth the bother, especially if you have to wait. The tourists who seem to flock here can keep this one.If a 50s dinner matted with a hippie commune, it would be called Slim Goodies.  The first thing I noticed when coming in here is how friendly and talkative the staff are; they really made me feel welcomed. When the atmosphere is relaxed and the cooks are happy, you know you are going to get a really good meal! 
I'm a breakfast guy and I love the tex-mex scrambler I ordered - eggs, hash browns, home-made chili, cheese...if you are looking for fuel for your belly in the morning, this is it!Wish I would've chosen somewhere else for brunch in all honesty. I ordered a BLT and the bread was rock hard. I've had a better BLT from a hospital cafeteria.I've tried them twice and it will not be a third time. I mean where is the seasoning?! I had the rePOP platter and it lacked everything breakfast is supposed to taste like.Awesome new Orleansy diner.  I always get the huevos rancheros.The food was great, as it should be.
It was raining so hard and wind blowing so much that the front door was blowing open on its own. That said, some water, some kind of way, got into the kitchen area. My waitress had died red hair, she started bitching about the water on the floor telling the supervisor all kinds of crap including how she "will sue your ass" if she fell do to the water. The supervisor said that young people freak out too easily and stuff like that until the cook jumped in and told the supervisor that he needs to watch what/ how he talks to the waitress. The two of them were so overwhelmed with bitching about the water that part of my order was forgotten about. 
The waitress spent the entire time texting on her phone or talking ot someone about the water crisis. The cook even made comments like "Welcome to Slim Goodies we have a flooded kitchen" and stuff like that.
I am respectful of everyones job, but honestly, youre a friggin waitress/cook at a diner, if you don't like your work conditions, leave.
No one cares. As a customer, I just want my eggs, maybe a pancake, and a "thanks for coming" all the staff drama needs to stay behind closed doors.I'm still trying to erase out of my mind how awful the breakfast was I ate here three weeks ago. Just absolutely terrible. Great service but badddddd food. Avoid this place like the plague.What a great neighborhood find.  This is a funky diner with outstanding breakfast.  I has the Jewish Coonass.  It was scrambled eggs over spinach and latkes ( great) with crawfish étouffée on top.  Also tried the sweet potato pancake which was very tasty and unique.Vegetarian fake bacon cheeseburger.  With avocado.  Amazing.  This, I kid you not, changed my life.  (One could argue I led a sheltered life...) Thank you once more to the co-workers who introduced me to this place years ago. I shall be forever grateful to them for bringing Slim Goodies into my world.  
Lunch here is spectacular, of course, but Slim Goodies is also an excellent place for hangover breakfasts.  Just be prepared to wait a while if you're there on the weekend.  (This may be true on weekdays, as well, but I haven't experienced it firsthand.  I've never had to wait long at lunchtime.)
Their hours are fairly limited, and it's not a huge place, so it definitely gets crowded.  Again, expect to wait for a table.  And expect it to be more than worth the wait.  To distract yourself from the hunger pangs, you can window shop on Magazine Street, or play in traffic, depending on the severity of your hangover/level of still-drunkenness.  
Even when it's packed, they're pretty efficient, so you're likely to get a table within a reasonable amount of time.  (Though 15-20 minutes feels like an eternity when you're starving and still somewhat drunk from the night before.  Even worse when your hangover's had time to catch up with you.)
They do close early so don't attempt to go there for dinner (lesson learned  the hard way). Also, this *may* have changed, but as I recall they're cash-only, so hit up an ATM on your way there.  The cash only thing is my one complaint about Slim Goodies, but they're so awesome I really don't care that much.Cash only - remember that.  I eat breakfast here once a month with a group of friends. Service is always good & the breakfasts are too.A quaint breakfast spot on Magazine Street that if you blinked, you would miss it... but that's not a negative at all. The cozy corner has some of the best breakfast goodies around (get it, goodies??). The pancakes were like edible frisbees of sweet, yummy goodness. They had that homemade, "mom worked her a** off to make these" taste. I also had an omelette that was quite tasty. The staff was friendly, particularly the cooks, who went into this organized chants of orgasmic moans, (that sounded more like men who were  simultaneously kicked in the groin) whenever an attractive woman walked through the door. It was hilarious.A great diner with even greater food.  All the food is unique and extremely tasty.  Watch out for long lines though.The food wasn't necessarily epic (still good though), but the waitress was awesome, watching the cook was fun, and the atmosphere was great... Locals coming in with friends, regulars meeting there for breakfast, people laughing and enjoying themselves.This used to be one of my favorite spots for unpretentious, laid-back breakfast with great service. Not no more! I could already feel a level of decline a few months back but today's experience was ridiculous. The food was alright but for a $14.50 omelette(Greek+add ham) it'd better be! I'm the easiest customer, just make sure I have silverware and my food... 0 for 2!! And, please don't make me feel like you're doing me a favor! Our server, Mike looked annoyed and it felt like he's just there until his acting/modeling career picks up. Mikey, who gives a damn?! Then, he gives me an unreadable, hand-written check with food stains on it that's miscalculated/overpriced(picture added to album). Had it been super busy, I'd understand. It was Tuesday lunch, he had maybe 3 tables! This place needs to get it together, there's just too much competition.This a 5 star Diner!  Service friendly and fun. Menu has something for everyone.  We did Heavenly - waffle. Delicious and The Contractor - for the REALLY hungry - very good. Exceptional on the pancake!    
Mike was our handsome and attentive server - he was helpful w questions and draws a beautiful smiley face with whipped cream.  Thanks Mike for being one more person that makes New Orleans so wonderful.This is one of my favorite breakfast spots in New Orleans! It became a quick favorite to my friends and myself!  My go to meal is their repopulation combo. It includes two eggs, bacon or sausage, hash browns or grits and biscuit or toast. I always have to get their hash browns, and I've had many a discussion with friends over how good they are and the desire to be able to make them at home (several of us have tried and all have failed!) 
Be warned you may have to wait awhile if you come when they're busy. But just write your name on the clipboard placed out front relax and enjoy some of magazine streets finest people watching.Wow. I'm astounded at how badly executed a simple breakfast could be. Probably the worst I've ever had, actually. I'm so disappointed I didn't choose one of the eighty fabulous breakfast places in this city. But nooo...I like trying new places. 
I sat down at the bar after not being greeted when I walked in. The cook greeted me when I sat down and was very friendly. I ordered a country fried steak and substituted cheese grits for hash browns. I noticed the CFS was $14.50. I'm like, "This must be pretty good. That's kind of high for CFS." Well...literally a frozen patty. Nothing "fresh" or "homemade" about it. That thing came out of a box. And the grits were totally flavorless with a barely melted slice of cheese on top which, by the way, is a $1 upcharge. Ultimately, I paid $21 for an iced coffee and a breakfast I didn't eat. Save your money and don't waste your time on Slim's.So gross! Not even the hash browns were good. Instead of crispy they were stale. The biscuit was overdone. The french toast was just toast and powdered sugar. Save your money and go else where.Dined at Slim Goodies while vacationing in New Orleans. They were within walking distance from where we were staying. I am a huge breakfast lover so when I saw their menu, I didn't have to think twice. Its a nice quaint, local establishment in the Magazine District. Their menu offers a plethora of omelets, eggs, and many other breakfast items. I decided on a simple, Eggs Over Medium, hash browns sausage and toast. Well, this is where things started going South. The first meal I had to return because the eggs were fried hard. I explained to the waitress that I want them Over Medium, yolk runny, white cooked. Here comes the next plate, my eggs were fried hard to a crisp and were almost black. She took it back. Then she returns with the cook. He asked me how I wanted the eggs cooked. i said Over Medium, he understood. This time the cook brought out my meal and there were 3 eggs there instead of 2. The first was fried, yolk hard. He said "skip that one, check another one. The next 2 were still not prepared properly. I told the cook, they were fine as I wasn't about to send it back a 4th time. Especially since each time they continued to decline. Breakfast is a simple meal to prepare and so is an egg cooked Over Medium. The fact that they failed numerous times was difficult to understand.This is an old-school diner that offers what diners offer-plus a nice vegetarian selection. Myself, I split the difference, ordering a gigantic banana-infused pancake with added pecans that was tasty and gooey with whatever table syrup they have, as well as a side of scrambled tofu with some pretty decent spices. If you're not interested in eggs for breakfast, you can get a long way with beans and avocado as well as tofu-based dishes, so there's a decent amount of choice here. These things aren't rocket science and I wish more places made simple menu additions like these.
On the downside, the diner vibe doesn't really appeal to me, and it seemed not the cleanest and a tad sketch, and the servers were a bit lackadaisical and confused. All of which I'd take if it were super cheap, but that side of tofu cost what it would have at a nicer place. If I were a tourist, I'd say this is not a bad stop. As a local, I'd note that it opens at 6 AM if you need an early breakfast.I was almost in tears eating my Crawfish etouffee smothered latkes. Everything was amazing!10/26/2014: came back and everything was off the hook awesome!
We had the #3's and the Strawberry Waffles, Heaven,
Everything came out hot and delicious!!!
Great service and added our picture to the wall!
I am rating this from a four to a five! I think it was just a fluke that the tortillas came out later with the previous day's food, things happen!
Our server today was Emily and she did an awesome job!
A lot of locals come here, so you know it's good!
10/25/2014:  Everything was great, with a few things needing improvement.
The Guatemalan comes with tortillas, but most of the plate was eaten before they were brought to the table. Could not wait for them to arrive, before eating, or the food would have been cold.
The food was good though, but when you order this meal, you really want to eat with the tortillas.
The #3 meal comes with a variety of food and really hit the spot.
The only thing that could have been better with this meal was the grits. Although they were good, they were not the best. The grits could have more warm butter, as well as a little more flavor, maybe salt? Can't put our finger on what is missing.
The omelet was the Americana, I asked for no onion, and cooked really well. When it came, it was perfect but since I said no onions, they left out the bell peppers.
All in all it was good, and we will be going back to try other items on the menu!I really wish I hadn't been seated at the counter where I could watch the food being made...  I watched chefs with long, uncovered beards and hair preparing the food customers were going to eat.  Hopefully their hands were washed because they certainly touched everything with their bare hands.
The food was probably good, but I had a really hard time eating after knowing how it was all prepared.Recently visited NOLA and stayed about a mile and a half from this place. We ate breakfast every morning here and did not want to try any place else because it is just simply amazing. It was really busy one day and not so busy the next and slow the day after, each of the days we were treated the same, even with different servers each time, they were all so friendly. Now, the service, atmosphere, everything was amazing... Let's get to the good part... 
The food, Day 1: a pancake with a friggen egg cooked in the center, the egg was perfect and the pancake was so fluffy in the center and had some crunchy edges with such amazing taste. Day 2: hash brown/chili/egg dish that was absolutely ridiculous. Day 3: the Slimcherros were amazing, avocado and plantains just made the dish. 
Also, the fiancé is gluten intolerant and she was still able to enjoy an amazing GF waffle and The Todd egg/pancake GF style. She also had the chili/egg dish with vegan chili and loved it !!How can you not love this place? Laid back and comfortable decor, cheap good food, awesome music-- it's fantastic. From their omelettes to their pancakes to their burgers, I've yet to be disappointed. Their sausage is just ok, but their bacon rules. If you need a place to grab a bite in a hurry, this might not be your place as there's often a line, but it's well worth the wait. 
Watch out though--Cash Only!No love here. Bad service bad food. There aren't that many places for nontouristy breakfast which explains why businesses like this can stay open. Couldn't find a seat at the counter since the dirty fan was on the counter and 3 waiters were sitting in customer's seats. Had to wait then ask to place an order. How can you mess up eggs and bacon? Bacon was old and just reheated and tasted bacteria all over. Didn't stop the cook from grabbing a piece with bare hands off the bacon tray 3 feet from me and eating facing me. 2 eggs bacon toast coffee for $8. Never again.Nothing special to brag about.
Really good dive diner in a good area on Magazine St.
the menu is mostly breakfast, but they do have your typical burger, BLT, etc.
The fact that they are cash only and don't have an ATM in house dropped another star from me.Good coffee to start (hot and fresh), I ordered the Guatemalan which includes jalapeño black beans, salsa, two eggs and plantains and I added a side of crispy swine. Beans were great flavor, slightly spicy with the chunks of jalapeños but with a mushy texture that is not quite refried but close - loved it! Eggs are eggs when fried on a big grill, skipped the salsa and finished with the crispy bacon - don't eat it lots but when I do.......crunchy texture, not burned at all (sometimes it's a gamble) and nice thickness. Great staff, quick, clean and courteous - slightly heavy music track. All in all a great breakfast!Late review, but better late than never. 
As a New Yorker I'm used to a diner every corner; I learned this isn't the case in New Orleans. Slim Goodies, then, is an essential stop for those wanting a classic diner experience-- in my opinion. 
My friend and I stopped by on a weekday morning and were able to find spots right away at the bar. It's a pretty small place, so I'd guess there's a wait on weekends (which isn't characteristic of diners I know in NY, but when it's the only one around I guess that's to be expected).
I ordered a combo that came with pancakes, eggs, and sausage or bacon. I asked for bacon but got sausage; it didn't really annoy me because I like both, but our waitress was so attentive I knew it'd be sorted if it was an issue.
We both ordered coffee and it was refilled almost constantly, which was perfect. 
The food itself was delicious and reminded me of home. I definitely recommend this place if you want a cheap and quick breakfast that you can't get everywhere in NOLA. 
I believe they do not have a liquor license so don't expect a boozy brunch here, but there are plenty of other spots to satisfy that want.A bit greasy for my taste...we had the 2egg, 2bacon, 2pancake deal...all greasy, but tasted ok. Free wifi though:) Much preferred Red Dog for breakfast right down the street.CASH ONLY!
milkshake and the food was Amazing!!!!!!!!!! server is nice and funny, the whole diner is cute!! highly recommended if you are spending the day around the garden district.So many options for breakfast and ALL of them are delicious!  I love a place that has more than just the traditional breakfast plates.  My favorite is the Tex-Mex Slammer or the Guatemalan..I can't decide.
They get very busy, especially on weekends of course, but if you show up before 9 or 10am, there usually isn't a problem getting a table.  Prices are just barely higher than you would expect to spend for breakfast (the last time I was here it was 70 dollars with tip for a table of five with five entrees, 3 coffees, and two OJs), but the quality and selection is worth the price.  My brother thought that his scrambled eggs were egg beaters, which would make me sad because I want to think everything here is homemade (the biscuits aren't) so you may want to ask.
Service is generally friendly and the crowd has lots of regulars.  This is definitely one of my favorite breakfast places, I wish they were a 24 hour joint!First time and won't be the last. Great breakfast spot, but we got the Katrina burger and the philly steak slimwich. It was great. The service was nice as well. I will definitely come back for the breakfast. I want to try the Category 5 Breakfast Burrito next.A "local" (my friend) brought us here for breakfast and it was so, so wonderful!
My husband and my friend both ordered the "crabby wife" and practically licked their plates clean. I order the Cuban (I think it's called that, if not it's similar).  It was an omelet with the most incredibly seasoned black beans I've ever tasted.  I will dream of those until my next NOLA visit when I come back to this diner to eat!  My breakfast was also served with two corn tortillas which just finished off my plate perfectly.  
Coffee was hot and yummy and staff was friendly and prompt.  
A definite must if you are visiting New Orleans.FYI - cash only! This is a seriously good diner. It's fun, quirky and whimsical and so are the staff. They're quick on the coffee, the food and then the coffee refills (which I'm always grateful for on a Sunday morning). I loved my eggs and pancakes! Will definitely be back next time I'm in NOLA!I really just wanted this place to have another good review. I miss it. There isn't much I wouldn't do for a Jewish Coonass. And no, that is not a slur...relaxReally fun and funky diner. Classic feel with funky modern updates.  Good music.  Homey diner food with modern touch.Worst breakfast I've had in New Orleans. Came to visit for my birthday and ordered two meals both came with pancakes , a side order of French toast , coffee and a large orange juice. I received 2 packets of Syrup , a SMALL orange juice , no butter , no cream and sugar. To top it all off the food was not great so in totality it was a terrible experience. Imagine waking up on a lovely Sunday morning , order breakfast for delivery and get NOTHING to eat it with. Two stacks of pancakes and French toast with 2 packs of syrup , you're kidding me right ? In a hotel at that. It's not like a can walk to the kitchen and get what I need. Please stay awayOkay - not the cleanest place on the planet, but you have to consider the city it's in. And cash only, like lots of places in town. The servers are mostly really nice even if they forget little things like toast or coffee or sugar or utensils. But the food is damn good diner chow, the menu is fairly eclectic without being presumptious, and the clientele are typical NOLA entertainment, and they are opening a malt shop next door. The patio in back has a nice ravaged look, but the flies out there are annoying.
Bonus points for never having seen a cockroach.Our waitress was super nice but we waited over half an hour for our food. It was alright but a little bit pricey for what it was. The back patio is awesome.Slim's is my favorite breakfast spot. The atmosphere is rad, they cater to vegetarian/vegan diets, and the food is delicious! I wish they stayed open later and took cards, but I guess going through a couple hoops hasn't stopped me yet because of how great this place is!Solid food. Slim goodies takes a fun NOLA spin on a diner. Any of their breakfast plates with the black beans is a great choice. Nothing crazy good but consistent and a great choir for breakfast!Slim's is a good, standard diner in an area that's a little short on those. The food is not special, but it's satisfying for a hangover. They also have some decent vegetarian options if you're forced to cater to one of them. The coffee is solid diner coffee. I like to sit at the counter when I'm alone, see the grease being applied to the griddle, and read the paper.I've been a number of times, it used to be a place that I took visitors. They were always impressed by fancy NOLA-style breakfasts and the funky decor. I don't know if it's a recent decline or a steady slope, but this place gets worse and worse every time!
The last time I was there was to catch some breakfast before my friend had a fly out. I figured an hour would be plenty of time, considering it was a Tuesday, and we were one of three tables. Wrong. I had to feed the meter again before we finally got our food. I saw a huge to-go order getting picked up while we waited, but with the 4 cooks they had behind the counter, couldn't ONE of them expedite a couple of 2TOPS through the line? Apparently not. 
On top of that, our server just sat at the end of the bar eating soup the whole time- neglecting us and other tables. When we did finally get our sandwiches, they were cold and aweful. I had the veggie burger, which was cold and bland, and my friend had the chicken sandwich. Obviously a Sysco processed chicken patty. Sad. 
I really want to love this place, but that experience really killed it for me. Our server could have at least kept our drink refilled and apologized for the wait.... Ergh.So excited to see chicken and waffles on the menu and I ordered via postmates.  I got 3 over fried hard dry chicken strips on top of fluffy waffle.  Waffle was cooked properly but had no flavor.  I've walked by this place several time and it was usually closed and when I looked at the menu it seemed overpriced (but it is Magazine St).
So I'm not sure if the was better before and they are just getting lazy and don't care because they know we have limited options now.  But I'll never order from them ever again and will not go there when everything reopens.
A chicken biscuit from McDonald's would've had more flavor and way cheaper.
So disappointed that I wasted precious money on this!We had breakfast on a wet Saturday morning, and man it was good stuff.
It's cash only.  The staff is fun and quirky.  Food was excellent and above average diner fare.  
Sweet potato pancakes were awesome.  The eggs were perfect.  Hash browns that were actually decent and worth eating.  (And man, the portion of hash browns was enough for three people.)
We had a table of four, and everyone loved their food.  My friend, a local, says she comes here often, and I can certainly see why.Dope...this place is so dope. I make breakfast at home or it hit up this little gem. My oh my, it calls my name and I MUST answer - Slim Goodies...you maybe a better version of a greasy spoon...but you are my little breakfast minx, mEOOOWWBreakfast was average -- overcooked eggs, bland grits, soft biscuit, and ubiquitous, run-of-the-mill, Jimmy Dean-style sausage patties. A few hard, generous shakes of table salt definitely improved the meal but also hastened my road towards heart disease. Overall experience was fine, although it was missing that *oomph*, a certain *je ne sais quoi*, that could've made it a 4-star experience.Good food...love the diner style food & decor. Service was...ok....definately dont want to be in a hurry. Cash only.This is a totally unique restaurant and, in my opinion, a staple of any trip to New Orleans.  It is inexpensive.  The staff is friendly.  The decor is interesting--brings a kind of hipsterish vibe to the place.  But even if none of this was true, I would recommend it for the FOOD.  The breakfast I have at Slim Goodies honestly registers as some of the best breakfasts I have ever had in my life.  
Slim Goodies has literally influenced my homecooking.  
I do not know whose idea it was to top hashbrowns/eggs with crawfish etoufee, but that person was a God among men, and I am sure you can guess what I have been doing with my leftover etoufee the morning after ever since I had this outstanding dish at Slim Goodies.  Please support this literally awe-inspiring establishment.We had an amazing brunch today!  The owner is warm, welcoming and friendly.  This is one of the most family friendly restaurants we have been to.  The food is delicious.  There is a great vibe.  Service was quick.  We can't wait to return and see our picture on the wall.This place is awesome. Real classic diner feel with monster portions. The line can be a bit long on  the weekends but it's worth it. Brought my sister and her BF here when they were visiting from Seattle, he asked the cook what  grits were and the cook just gave us a look like were from another planet. Forget the Mason/Dixon line, you know you're really in the South once you've crossed the hash brown/grit line.
Definitely don't hesitate to swing into slim goodies if you're looking for some good eats in the Garden District.Just your average American diner-style food with a bit of attitude, but apparently that can be difficult to find in the area. Unfortunately, you'll also end up paying quite a bit more than you're probably used to due to the uptown location, so bring a bit of extra cash.Yo this is the SPOT. If you're wandering down Magazine St, make it a point to enjoy brunch on their back patio. The food is bomb and and the menu is hysterical to read through. Allow a little extra time to hang out, the food takes a little longer to cook. But you gotta appreciate the southern charm, ya know. Jessie is maybe my favorite waitress I've ever had! You'd be lucky to be seated at one of her tables. 
A "pitcher" of mimosa is literally a bottle of champagne and 1 small glass of oj. For $10... Need I say more? 
Ily Slim Goodies!Unbelievable breakfast.  Off the beaten path but worth the trip.  Great serviceThe food is not bad but the service is. And they always seem to mess up at least one thing. This place was awesome 10 years ago. I guess the times they are a changin'.Walking distance from where we stay in New Orleans this was a place that was a must! A small local diner that could be easily missed if you didn't know where to look. It's breakfast and lunch, closes early and is cash only. Not a problem once you've had the food. So delicious... was my Little Goat egg scramble with goat cheese, colorful bell peppers and avocado. I'm told the Orleans scramble was delicious too. Can't wait to go back as breakfast is my favorite meal of the day! 4 stars was simply because it was a bit overpriced to dine here every weekend. Now 3 stars because I made the mistake of eating at the counter and they use a lot of grease to make their food, which is obvious on your plate when you're done.It was our first time visiting this diner since we just moved to New Orleans. The vibe is laid back and we liked the decor. Service was fast but food was decent. I ordered the New Orleans slammer and my girlfriend ordered the Repopulation combo. We asked for well done bacon and both bacon came out undercooked. The waitress wrote it down because it was on the ticket so it must have been the cooks not paying attention. One of the cooks had headphones in both ears and was not wearing gloves. I thought maybe it was their culture but other cooks had gloves. Food was barely warm. I would expect the chili to be pretty warm but it was not at all. We did not complain but we just know not to return nor to take people who are visiting us.Menu is varied and interesting, our server was extremely accommodating (we had a large party of picky women). The patio is great, shaded, interesting. We split the creole slammer, grits w goat cheese and cheese fries. All were excellent. Great townie spot.We came from out of town on vacation and wanted a good breakfast. The atmosphere here is very nice however we waited 45 minutes to get our food. People who came in 25 minutes after us got their food before us. When we received the food the orders were wrong. The scrabbled eggs had egg shells in them as well. Which sucked lol. Probably not coming back to this one. Thanks for the experience though!Mediocre breakfast food with smug employees. The worst of it is just how plain dirty and unorganized this restaurant is. It's filthy and so are the waiters. They look like the rest of the place as if they just rolled right out of bed, hangover and all. I keep going back hoping my opinion would change but it just doesn't. I love a good dirty old dive bar but the difference is that I don't eat at a dirty old dive bar. With the thriving metropolis of food and eateries that New Orleans has to offer, there is 0 reason why this place should be on a "must visit" list.Both amazing and delicious. We both had omelets. They were huge and lovely and everything an omelet should be. The staff was super nice. Also loved the atmosphere. It was was comfy and unassuming. Will definitely go back on future trips!Cookin with love - and it shows.  lots of kids pictures on the walls, local hang out. Cash only.  Large selection to chose from,  our food and service was good. i detected a slight irish lilt from our server?  definitely not fine dining but a great deal of food & freshly cooked for a good price.  VALUE for sure.  i had the Tex-mex slammer and my wife the Irish.  both big servings and good food.  I was looking at the Popeye.  We found this place while exploring Magazine Street (another review) not disappointed. 
had to ride bus from french quarter to get back for breakfast - worth the ride.The latkes on this dish were soooo crispy they had that perfect crunch. Eggs were cooked perfectly and topped with the crawfish etoufee the entire dish was really well put together and I would order again.  They had plastic partitions up between the seats. Menu was pretty big so I'd like to go back and try something else, just don't know if I can ever not order this it was that goodIt's really expensive and the customer service was horrible! Our waiter forgot us, and I had to ask for refills, then our food comes and he hands the check to us saying oh I would forget you if I don't give this now.....and then he never came back. It's really pricey just for breakfast...for breakfast I just would recommend Johnny's, or somewhere else Slim's is overrated.This place is really hit-and-miss. One day you have an amiable waiter or waitress and the next you get someone who acts like they want to punch you in the face for walking in. But if you're in the mood for a good old-fashioned 3,000 calorie breakfast, bingo. A quintessential greasy-spoon place. Literally. The spoons are greasy. You may want to bring your own silverware if that kind of thing bothers you. One day I saw a cobweb fluttering from the corner of one of the wall-hangings. A month later when I returned, it was still there.I came in on a Sunday morning at around 8:45AM. There were open tables, but I sat at the counter.
Food: ordered eggs (over medium), pancakes (banana and regular), sausage patties, and coffee. The coffee was good although it wasn't the best I've ever had in this city, but I'm pretty spoiled with delicious coffee in this city. All of the food was outstanding, especially the pancakes, which were huge, fluffy, and full of flavor. I eat mine plain because I like to enjoy the flavor without syrup and taste the difference between pancakes at restaurants and the plain ones were delicious, perfectly cooked, and not overly sweet. The banana pancakes were also very good, but I felt could have used a few more slices of bananas as I was expecting them to be a bit sweeter. The sausage patties were also quite flavorful and even had a little bit of kick, which was an awesome surprise.
Price: $10.43 including tax. A little pricier than some competitors, but the portion of food was enormous and the quality was high, so I'd pay this price again.
Service: excellent. I had Josh as a server, and the ordering/receiving food was prompt, courteous, and most importantly, hot & fresh! My coffee was refilled continually before it got cold or reached the bottom by a couple of different servers. Josh was super nice and checked on me just the right amount - not too much and not too little for me. I've seen other reviews commenting on the servers being "too cool" but I didn't find this to be the case for my service or the service of those who sat around me. Also, the cooks behind the bar were really pleasant. One was even wearing a Red Sox shirt which made me happy :)
Atmosphere: crowded but not overly, I enjoyed the music playing, and it was the right volume. The crowd "talking" was also the right volume as in it wasn't dead silent or super loud. It was just right.
Overall: everything about my dining experience was just right, a la the three bears/porridge thing.My other half found this one on tv.  My foodie sister & bro-n-law weren't familiar with it, so I had my reservations.  I had the slimcherro's and partner had the pain perdu.  Both were great!   The fries with the crawfish sauce were good, though I'm not a huge fan of anything that makes fries soggy.  NOTE:  The slimcherro's are a good choice if you don't have a big appetite. 
We were there when there weren't many people there, and the service was good!  No complaints.  We had the patio pretty much to ourselves, and on an 80F day with family before we head back to IA, it was very nice!Great joint.  Their menu is original and extensive, the service is great and the food is excellent.  I keep coming and coming.I had such high hopes for this place! My boyfriend, friend, and I were visiting New Orleans for a quick weekend trip when we stumbled across this place. I noticed they had some vegan and vegetarian options for my friend and I.
I ordered the vegan garden slammer which contains hash browns, tofu chili, fake bacon, and a turmeric covered tofu scramble. My food came out a little cold and extremely soggy. Everything is piled on top of each other meaning your hash browns will not be crispy...my fault for not thinking that far ahead.
The turmeric tofu scramble was a bit much. I love tofu, but the amount of turmeric on it was inedible. The flavor also didn't go well with the hash browns and chili. I've never had fake bacon before, but I can say I never will again. Took one bite and put it to the side. My non vegan boyfriend and friend enjoyed their meals so if you're not vegan, I'm sure you'll love this place.
Don't think I'll be back, but I applaud Slim Goodies for catering to the vegan crowd. If you're a vegan, I suggest just ordering a side of chili and a side of hash browns. The tofu chili was delicious and probably would taste even more amazing if it were hot...This was one of the best experiences i've ever had at a restaurant. I truly made a Yelp account just so I could leave a review for this location. We had such an amazing time with Madison our server. We had a very large party and came all the way from Florida, they accommodated us immediately and the owner Deb even asked to take a picture of our group for the restaurant! The hospitality was amazing and the food was even better. 
Beautiful garden area in the back and the fries could be the best i've ever had. The benedict's are incredible and very great low prices for drinks, fantastic for groups! Truly an incredible place, check it out it's amazing!! We will definitely be back!There is only one reason I ever come to Slim Goodies: The Garden Slammer. Yes, the Creole Slammer is more well known and I'm sure there are lots of other things on the menu that are just as delightful and tasty. But for me, I'm stuck.  I've gotta have the vegetarian chili smothered hash browns with eggs and fake bacon. I'm not even a vegetarian! But this stuff makes me crazy! Get it. The Garden Slammer.
As for the rest, it's a diner and it looks and feels just like... a diner. The only thing that ever irked me is the service. There's nothing more joyous than coming to an establishment for a good meal only to be greeted and served by cool apathetic hipsters who you'd have to pay to crack a smile (and I'm not talking about a good tip, cause I've tried that too). I'm sure they're very outgoing and attentive, just not when I've been there... ever... in eight years. But I suppose that's part of what makes this place so hip, after all.
Just go for the Garden Slammer! And tip your server. Maybe you'll be the lucky one who gets to see a hipster smile.A friend recommended this place even though the hotel suggested Gott Gourmet. Really glad we went here, instead.
We had breakfast here which was great-sized and super tasty. I had the Jewish Coonass, even though I was loathe to say those words. The service was quick, the food was delicious, and even the coffee was good.
It's on Magazine near tons of shops and antique places, which puts it in a great location to walk around and explore the Garden District. Definitely a to-do if you're visiting.This place was nice and crowded and people were constantly coming in for breakfast. The food was tasty but it was just average to myself. I had an omelette and my husband has sausage and grits. There is a different variety of breakfast items and specialties offered. It was a bit pricey for the breakfast food.Hole in the wall zagat rated. I had my best breakfast there I loved it. Obama went there too before all the big fuss (You will see his photo on the wall)The atmosphere is terrific, with funky-cool vibes and welcoming, friendly staff. The food is yummy, good coffee, free wifi. Good local spot to frequent.Cash Only...
I've been here several times.  The food is a little greasy and I really can't even say that I like it.  I go here for the atmosphere when my friends insist that this is where they want to be!  I love, love, love the shop; it's eclectic and different, like New Orleans!One of my favorite local spots. You want a traditional, griddle breakfast? It's awesome and well priced. And their music is always great!We had a yummy, filling breakfast here.  Cheap, perfectly cooked eggs & hash browns, A/C, good music - all good
If you sit at the counter you will smell like a greasy diner for the rest of the dayI meant to write this weeks ago but I just wanted to say how blown away I was by Slim Goodies in the aftermath of Isaac. Emerging from the darkness of our house after the winds finally died down, all we wanted was something other than rice cakes and peanut butter that we'd been eating for days. We drove all around looking for somewhere that was open and saw Slim Goodies was bustling. Excitedly we parked and headed over.
We were shocked to find that they had no power, no A/C, nothing. All they had was a a gas stove, a lot of breakfast food that would have gone bad, and a few amazing people cooking, serving, and filling water/OJ/chocolate milk/coffee up a storm. Each guest paid $5 on the honors system as they walked out the door and got a plate with scrambled eggs, toast, bacon, and hash browns. Everyone was friendly as could be! Not only did they serve breakfast that day, but continued to for several days. 
Slim Goodies exemplified the spirit of New Orleans in the chaos post-Isaac. Keep on keeping on - I will DEFINITELY be going back!Had the biscuit with red gravy, one egg over medium.   The gravy was made with andouille sausage.  Its not even on the menu and was probably the best thing I'll eat all day.  Lots of unique menu items and everyone enjoyed their meal.  Staff were very friendly and our food came out fast.   Great place for breakfast!Just a forkful of Slammer makes the hangover be-gone! Yay!! 
There is nothing better on a Saturday morning then a meal at Slim Goodies...The Orleans Slammer and chocolate shake are amazing.  The Mexican Slammer is another fav too... I love that it comes with tortillas.  If you want just the breakfast basics (eggs, bacon and biscuits) I wouldn't recommend Slim Goodies... I would send you to Surreys instead, but if you want to enjoy an amazing 1,000 calorie, cheesy yummy hangover-buster concoction while listening to P-Funk, look no further.  I love you Slim!Stopped here on a whim when our first choice stopped serving breakfast. We loved it here! There was a good variety of dishes and the atmosphere was very kitchy/casual. Would definitely recommend and hope to come back on my next trip to NOLA!Excellent service. Delicious BLT. Friendly, friendly, friendly. Stop in on your walk around the garden district. You will not be disappointed.Absolutely amazing delicious food!!! A must breakfast visit while in New Orleans! I had Crabby wife and I had a meltdown while eating it. Coffee is good and staff are friendly and nice.I had heard a lot of good things about the food they serve so I was expecting a great meal when we went there this morning. The place is dirty which doesn't bother me that much Bc it just seems to fit into the sort of niche they are going for but the food was horrible. The coffee I ordered was cold and bland. I ordered the French toast which came served as three very small pieces of French bread and had no taste whatsoever. I am somewhat of a French toast connoisseur and have had French toast at many many places and this is the number one worst I've ever had.  It didn't even begin to fill me up and the plate cost $7.00. Oh and the silverware was dirty and I ended up having to clean it off with my napkin Bc the server was nowhere to be found. My daughter ordered a burger which was decent but the French fries tastes like they had been soaked in dish water. As for the service; it was horrible. The server acted like we were bothering him. We had to wait forever for our check and the prices were crazy expensive. I will never go to this place again and I will not recommend it to anyone. Such a disappointment.Went here for breakfast and Slim Goodies is one of those places were my overall reaction was "eh, it was ok" It was not bad but it was not great. It was just ok. And in a city like New Orleans, I've come to expect great food (perhaps I should lower my standards). But I do think that there are better places you can go to in this city. I know many people who love Slim's and maybe I need to go back here some other time like for lunch instead of breakfast. 
Also, important to note that it is cash only and their ATM charges you a fee ($2.5-$3?)  in addition to whatever your bank charges you.I've been here a number of times, and the service is always really hit or miss. There is a certain breed of restaurant in the New Orleans area that kinda tends to have a bit of a pretentious hipster staff that doesn't really seem to care so much about the customer. Slim Goodies happens to have one or two of these working there. It's not always bad though. The last time I went, a mustachioed gentleman waited on me and my lady, and he was outstanding. Any way. Let's get to the food. Two words: GARDEN SLAMMER. Basically, it's hashbrowns, covered in vegetarian chili, covered in cheese, topped with fake bacon (I believe it's tempeh), and then topped with two eggs. The eggs and cheese are optional for the vegans out there. My goodness. This has truly saved me from a hangover a number of times. They also impressed me with their triple cheese fries, which I believe is cheddar, provolone, and blue cheese (which you never see on cheese fries, and is surprisingly delicious.) Though I consider myself a bit of a stickler for service (being seated 7 minutes before anyone on the staff says a word to you...has happened more than once....is a bit much), the food more than makes up for it. So yeaaah, I'll be returning.I went for Sunday brunch. Really yummy diner food with a big menu with lots of variety. There seems to be a wait for brunch all the time, so they've gotta be doing something right! I really enjoyed my experience at Slim Goodies. The only bummer is that our waiter was kind of bad. Service for my table was painfully slow, while two other parties that were seated after us by him had their bills and were finished eating before we even got our food. I understand that the place is busy and things happen, but a little apology for the slow service would have gone a long way.
I'll be back for the food, but I hope we get a more attentive waiter next time.Great little greasy spoon on the more urban stretch of Magazine St.
They actually get omlettes right (which is a rarity)--nice and fluffy.  They have a wide variety of creative combinations.  Best omlette in the city by far.
They open at 6am, which is great for an early bird such as myself.  I find most diners jam-packed by 8am on weekends--you don't need to wait if you arrive early.
They also do a great job with vegetarian dishes.Our favorite breakfast spot so far in New Orleans. Get the Creole Slammer. Bring cash, not a credit card.The main reason this place gets five stars is that one of my best friends owns the joint.  The second reason why this place gets five stars is due to the food kicking ass.  The atmosphere is very New Orleans...artsy...culturally diverse and anything can happen in this eatery...and neighborhood for that matter.  It is a real New Orleans experience.Slim Goodies is one of my favorite breakfast spots in NOLA. I love sitting at the counter on a weekday, drinking my coffee, reading a paper, and watching the cook do his thing on the flattop griddle. I have never eaten breakfast here with my dad, but it always reminds me of him. Our favorite breakfast when I was growing up was eggs and pancakes. This combination is harder to find in restaurants than one would think. Fortunately, Slim's has the Doc Horn; pancakes, eggs, bacon, and coffee. This is exactly what I want on a slow morning or when I'm missing the family a little. Slim's gets crowded on the weekends around the normal breakfast hours, so plan accordingly. I personally like my breakfast in a slow paced, easy going environment so I stick to the weekdays. They have other good options here including lunch and great milkshakes. It's a cool diner on Magazine to have a decent meal. But I thank them for the Doc Horn most of all.My boyfriend and I went around 12:30 pm on a Sunday and were seated within 5 minutes of writing our name down. 
Great little diner and very friendly staff. The prices were pretty reasonable and the portions were perfect! Make sure to bring cash!
I was so happy to see prints and art from Yeehaw Industries, which is based out of Knoxville, TN. Fun atmosphere and good music.
I will definitely be back for their sweet potato pancakes!A quirky little diner located near the Garden District, Slim Goodies Diner was on my list simply because of the name as it's one of my nicknames lol.  Looking a little further, I found that Slim Goodies wasn't just any diner, but a local fave and I knew I wanted to add it to my list when visiting the Garden District.  
When I arrived, all of the tables were full but a nice gentleman escorted me to the countertop which gave me a great view of the cooks in the kitchen and all of the delicious plates being crafted.  With a menu offering various savory-sounding meals, I went in with the Creole Slammer on my mind.  As I sipped on my Mimosa (barely there OJ, my kinda spot), I eyed the description of the meal, "hash browns drowned in Slim's own crawfish etouffee, two eggs & a biscuit to soak up the goodie juices that flow, swamp power"... who could turn that down?!   
While I waited for my meal, I asked the Host to be a sweetheart and snap my pic and he did so happily and man, what a photographer!! There was a little wait for my food, as I think I sat for about 15 minutes awaiting my plate but you can't argue with fresh!  Soon, a mountain of food was placed in front of me and all of my training as a greedy girl flashed before my eyes.  Chunks of delicious crawfish covered in etouffee gravy stared back at me and before I knew it, I was halfway through the plate and struggling to figure out how I would continue my walking tour around the neighborhood.  So delicious!! I would have loved just a BIT more flavor to the crawfish and softer hashbrowns, but the gravy was delicious and the biscuit was absolutely phenomenal.
The ambiance of this place is one that simply screams, "Come in, and stay a while!" And the food will definitely have you wanting to stay.Since I have been going to this restaurant for breakfast over last three years the food has always been great. What has improved is the service. I got my meal in a timely fashion with sides all at same time, a great improvement.Even though I've only gone here once, I think it's a great place. I arrived at 7 am. right when it opened. it was pretty deserted, but there was a handful of really nice gentlemen sitting at the bar  eating already. 
When I entered, I was about to sit at one of the booths and read my book, when the chef said, don't sit there, sit here so you can pretty up this place. it may sound sexist, but you had to be there to see how adorable it was. 
The chef handed me some cut up fruit while I perused the menu (I took a long time). when I finally decided what to eat, I was able to do some reading, but the gentlemen at the bar were having a lively conversation, and I felt comfortable chiming in a few times. 
It's a very friendly place. Its like Cheers, but for breakfast. I was able to do some reading, but also some talking. 
I really wish that I was more of a morning person so I can go back at 7 am.First time at SGD....great service and awesome food. First-time diners should go with recommendations from the servers. I had the
Slimcherro, which is gooey goodness of favorable red-eye gravy with andouille over easy-over fried eggs, melty cheddar, and corn tortillas with black beans. It's food that fills your soul and a special part of the new orleans neighborhood food experience.  Again, friendly service and a wide selection of entrees to choose from.I've been to Slim Goodies a few times and I must say the staff have always been unique in the friendliest way. I've had great experiences the times I've been there. However my last visit was not so pleasant. Me and a friend were enjoying the atmosphere and the music and staff, when abruptly a manager figure came storming in making a seen yelling and talking down to her staff in a manner that we both felt was not pleasant. She continued to yell how nothing was done right and how she can have a entire new staff in 30 mins if put on Craigs list. I'm sorry but the place was fine until her poor attitude strolled in the front door and began back to normal once she left. I figured she is the owner and goes by the name of "Kappa" I'm sorry but there is a time and place for everything and she was dead wrong. The staff was great and reacted perfect to her shit attitude. I'd come back for the food, Staff, and atmosphere but not if she was in the building.Some girls exclaim "too greasy!" but this has not been my memories of such breakfasts here.  Though it has certainly devolved from its lofty origins, the menu is still decently large and varied and many of the (once innovative) originals like the Jewish Coonass and The Bomb (add bacon) and the New Orleans Slammer have become cravings all in their own right.  Decent pamcakes even though the wait is annoyingly long when the sun is out.  I am not made for this morning sun melting waiting thing, one of the reasons the Bluebird was often too far out on the tree for me to reach in its day.  I'll wait in line for breakfast, but not for too long.  I can cook, too.
The coffee here is crap, but if i don;t notice the food is greasy, this obviously doesn't bother me too much.  The service is above-average if they like you, unless the morning weed isn't strong enough.  Then there is the yelling.
I must also note the menu has not been updated in a few years.  It's time for that.
The patio is good for hangovers.Classic diner food. $3 mimosa makes it worth it!  And the kids $2 chocolate chip pancakes. Great backyard area, nice place to sit with kids.Best breakfast I've had in years. Not for the snobby at heart. This is a humble , comfy, hometown kinda place. Service, food and atmosphere all on point. Worth the return and very soon. Pics next so you can see what I tastedI really enjoy this restaurant. Something about sweet potato pancakes on a Saturday morning. 
I brought my parents here for breakfast, and they always remember the pancakes most. The sweet potato pancakes have a great cinnamon spice to them. The buttermilk pancakes are light and fluffy with those great crispy edges. The banana pancake is a monster that can include pecans if you choose. 
My "usual" there is a cup of coffee and the Orleans Slammer. Hash browns, chili, bacon, cheese, and two eggs how you want them. This last time there were jalapeños added to the mix, which I loved. Add a dash of Crystal and you're good to go. 
My friend gets the Creole slammer: hash browns, eggs your way, all covered in crawfish étouffée. Sounds a little crazy, but it works, and if you're choosing between that and the Bon Temps omelette, get the slammer. 
Ask for Mike, he's very friendly, and he knows the city.Came here on our first breakfast in New Orleans.  The food was great and we loved the atmosphere!  étouffée was amazing!!!I'd love to review the food -- I'll bet it's great -- but unfortunately when my partner and I turned up at 2pm on Sunday and sat down at one of the booths, we were turned away. Why? "We're closed, sorry". Not only was the restaurant full, with some tables obviously having just ordered, the hours listed on the door--the very door I'd just walked through--said open till 3. With some confusion, I tried to relay this to our would be server. He looked at me like I wad speaking Dutch, and shrugged haplessly: "what?" He said.
In short, not getting my business again. If I have to stay at my job till the hour listed on my place of work's advertising, then buddy, so should you. Or, if you're not going to, at least politely explain to me why instead of acting like I'm a crazy person.We love Slim Goodies. The only reason  I'm giving them 3 stars is because we found out today that they are using foreign crawfish. Our economy should support local industries and crawfish is a big   one of them. We were so disappointed to see this and won't be returning until this changes. We hope the management makes this change soon because the food and the service is great. Such a shame.Easy over the phone service. Speedy and great quality. I order the Jewish Coonass for the first time. Not only does it look great but I was absolutely delicious. I'm so happy I work in the areaGreat location.  The food is always good for what it is.  THEY DON'T ACCEPT CREDIT CARDS.  5 stars for it's location, consistently good food and longevity.  I'll be back......When you wake up hung over head on down to Slim's. Their menu array caters to many and will surely have a cure for all your pains. Staff is friendly and attentive. Slim's is a very hipster nouveau diner. The only reason I couldn't give them a 5 star review is because of their hours. Diner's are good for late night just as much as early morning.1st time I came here the food was great. But the service was sloooowww. This is my second time coming and the water cup is dirty and so is the silverware. They keep the milk in a container of ice instead of a refrigerator? Weird. The milk is not as cold as it should be. I got the stack-o-pancakes which were burnt. And the bacon was cold. I also got a side of hashbrowns. Burnt and gross. The service is super slow and there's barley anyone in here. My server is too busy at the bar talking. Maybe he doesn't care because I'm not a regular. I needed a refill about 20 minutes ago and I'm still waiting for the check.  never again.  And it's CASH ONLY!I've been coming to Slim Goodies for about 12 years now and it's such a part of my NO experience that it's always my first breakfast stop (and usually 2nd and 3rd) when I'm visiting.  Let me share with you what I think makes this place so gosh darn special...
Location:
On the ever changing Magazine street.  The area has changed dramatically over the years but you still skirt cars, trash, (dog? probably dog) poop, etc as you make your way closer.  While some fancy crap is all 'round, Slim Goodies stands out as a true New Orleans institution with its neon signage and faded trim.  I mean, they were one of the few restaurants open after Katrina!  It keeps close to its roots.
Parking is competitive here but if you try down small side streets then you'll snag a spot.  Don't block a driveway and do NOT park in lots that say they'll tow.  You will get your ass towed.
Service:
On a few visits we've had very indifferent servers but most of the time they've been affable and ready with a pot of hot of coffee.  This is a diner.  You get diner service.  Yes, even with a $16 breakfast plate.  That's just how it is.
Please don't use the word 'hipster' to describe these folks or this place.  They are just regular unpretentious local folks who have snazzy funky casual styles.  Make eye contact.  I promise they'll take care of you if you're nice!  That goes for everybody else around ya.  I've met some really nice people here.
Space:
Diner diner diner diner.  It's a diner!  Complete with booths that sink a little too low and a counter with barstools where you can watch the cooks ladle butter onto the grill and crack eggs into a pan.  This isn't a fancy place or even a cute place but it's a place full of character.  You know that one relative that just makes you feel comfortable in their rather run down home and offers up some good cooking?  If that relative was a restaurant it would be Slim Goodies.  They are polaroids of customers everywhere and old family photos have been copied and enlarged and splashed on the walls.  It feels very personal.  
It's not super clean.  There.  I said it.  But you know what else isn't super clean?  THE WHOLE TOWN OF NEW ORLEANS AND THE ENTIRE WORLD.  It's grungy but not gross.  I live in the south so palmetto bugs, roaches and various creepy crawlers don't bother me much unless they're in my food or on me.  And in humid New Orleans there are bugs everywhere.  And mice.  I've stayed in $20 hostels and $400 hotel rooms that had both.  That said, I've never seen any of these critters at Slim Goodies but I feel like they may lurk around.  Eh, whatever.
Food:
Hearty, filling and just what you need to either cure a hangover or get your engine revving or both.  I always get the Jewish Coonass.  It's a shit ton of latkes smothered with a crawfish Étouffée and top with poached eggs.  Goodness gracious.  It's so good!  I feel like the $$$ amount is comparable to what you get.
Pancakes are good per hubby's suggestion!  They're expanding the GF and vegan options but they're still limited but, hey, they're trying.  Chicken + Waffles was a new item when we last visited.  Husband said they were alright but I think we're just creatures of habit and like our standby the best.  I don't like fake syrup so I've never tried their sweeter options.
Coffee is meh.  In a town where chicory is king I'm surprised at how many places serve weak weak coffee.  I want that dark + bitter brew.  I need it to balance out the food coma I'm about to dive into.  Alas, no.
Expect a little inconsistency but the quantity/quality is always pretty darn good.  I've never left unhappy.
Other:
THEY TAKE CREDIT CARDS NOW!
No booze.
No reservations.
They don't like to substitute.
If you come super early then you can seat yourself and skip a wait.  We're early risers so we've never had to wait for a table or long for a server/food.
Newspapers are generally tossed aside by the front door so check there first before putting money in the machine out front.
Back patio seating but I like the booth in the front window for maximum people watching experience.
No TV.  Low music.  Bring stuff to entertain the kids.  Can get loud.Delicious breakfast, good hot coffee, and quick service.  Lots of variety on the menu.  The Crabby Wife was really good...sauce was heavy but delicious with a little kick.  The crab balls was the highlight of the dish...would have liked a little starch though (maybe a piece of toast?).  Unpretentious, casual diner on Magazine where the booth might be a little sticky and floor wet.  No wait on a Sunday morning...parking can be difficult but found a spot nearby.  Good spot to take kids.  They accept credit cards.How I wish Slim Goodies was still open for dinner. That's when I ate here the most (pre-K). I love that their menu is inventive and has something for everyone.
I went most recently with my youngest nieces on a chilly weekday morning. There were only a couple of other tables and the server was kind enough to help us find the warmest table. The girls were pleased with their food but not so much with their hot chocolate (maybe too much powdered mix in the cup?). 
Yes, it gets ridiculously crowded on the weekends but this place will always have a place in my heart for being open and serving me plain veggie burgers in Fall 2005.Loved it.  Prices are reasonable and the staff was very nice and accommodating. Food was delicious.This place sucks and it always has sucked.  Their food blows, and it always has.  So the atmosphere is kitsch, great.  But this place is shit.First of all I would just like to say I made a Yelp account to write this review. My time at Slim Goodies Diner produced one of the poorest service experiences I have ever had. I honestly blame it all on our clearly hungover waiter. One thing I expect from a diner is to be speedy with their service but his was possibly the slowest ever. He never asked if we wanted anything to drink and took twenty minutes to even greet us. When he finally took our order (which was a simple eggs and potato breakfast) it took well over an hour to get our food. At no point while we were waiting did our waiter come and check on us or even apologize when he finally brought my food. I was so thirsty at one point I stopped another waiter to ask him for some water which he was very rude about by the way. When our food came he forgot part of our order and said he was going to be right back with my toast. It was then another 10 minutes before he brought it and it took me asking two times. I understand that sometimes restaurants can be crowded and waiters can be overwhelmed but we came later in the day and it was not that crowded and everyone in this waiters section seemed to be experiencing the same problem. Maybe it is just me but if you are too hungover to come and do your job maybe call off. The food was fine basic diner food but then again my eggs were also cold by the time he brought my toast so that also ruined the experience. Just a piece of advice if you are going to give bad service at least apologize! Also I would like to call this server out by name but all the check just referred to our server as "Big Bad".This is a great diner for a classic, hearty breakfast.  Perfect cure for "too much partying the night before" or "the neighbor's dog woke me up WAY TOO EARLY and I want breakfast" (that would be me).
The sweet potato pancakes are AWESOME!  Light and fluffy and they taste like fall.  Eggs and meat were cooked right.  My husband's omelet looked very tasty and he enjoyed it.
Not to be missed!  If you go on the weekend, go early because I have heard that there can be a line out the door.After reading the reviews I was expecting to be blown away, but maybe my expectations were a little too high. Don't get me wrong, this is a cool dive diner, and they offer some unique, local flair to their food, but I wasn't blown away by it. The place is a true dive, attracting a diverse crowd of business people, tourists, and local hippies. Their prices are a little on the high end for a dive diner, and the portion sizes aren't huge. For example, I paid $4 for what I would consider a medium sized cup of grape juice. Our breakfast for 2 of us came to around $30, including tip, which is far more than we normally spend on breakfast. They are generous with the coffee and you almost have to hold your hand over your cup to get them to stop refilling while you're not looking. 
I had the Creole Slammer for breakfast, and it was good but I was expecting more flavor from the crawfish etouffee in particular. I discovered that a little hot sauce made it all better. My gf had the Jewish Coonass (yes, that is really the name). She enjoyed it, but we couldn't believe they actually named something that on a menu!It's a very good greasy spoon stop. Eggs, pancakes, bacon, coffee....all very good. Nice service.Delicious.  Fast service. I had the Orleans slammer. --- hash browns, bacon, sausage, tomatoes and two eggs. -- all slammed together it was a feast. My other half had a Greek scramble. Which was equally delicious. Great location and great ambiance !!Ordered delivery for breakfast and it was such a letdown! This is a picture of the turkey bacon....inedible and with weird pieces of grains sticking out? Anyway-I'm sure it's better when you eat in but don't go for delivery or takeout! Really bad!Super cute outdoor patio. Food was great and incredibly vegan-friendly. Main gripe was the price (way overpriced for most entrees).Very happy to find this place.  Great service and good food at an affordable price.  The food is basic but tasty.  This isn't where you go for a swank dinner - just a casual place to eat.  But if that's what you are looking for this place really scores big in my book.Food was worth the money- DIFFERENT from menu posted here.... 2-3x more expensive
Waiter was incredibly rude. We arrived and were told to sit where ever. We chose a table back in the garden, waiter immediately asks us to move closer to the kitchen (presumably so he doesn't have to walk as far). When he brings our bill, one of the items is $1 more than the menu, we bring this to his attention and he aggressively states he guarantees that he had the right price, he checks the menus and then restates what our total was (as we were correct), then we pay and he brings us back incorrect change. 
Very dishonest, very rude.Very fun and quirky spot for breakfast. I had a delicious veggie omelette. My only complaint is that it's cash only and they don't have an ATM on site. However, there is one across the street.Not as good as I remembered. BYOB was a plus. We ordered chili cheese fries with jalapeños. Not enough to chili or jalapeños.Used to be a sentimental favorite because of how awesome they were right after Katrina (when there weren't a lot of places open yet) but the food and service have fallen off lately. I had breakfast on a weekday, and in spite of the place being near empty, I was served cold hash browns and cold toast. Omelette was blah. Server had to come back many times because she didn't give me (1) silverware, (2) ketchup, (3) jam. She just sat at the bar looking at her phone with her back to my table. Never going back again.I came in for breakfast on a Friday morning. 
It's not fine dining.  It's not a New York-style diner.  Some of the food isn't  "seasoned perfectly. "
It is, however, a restaurant with a great atmosphere and an extensive menu of hearty omelets and other breakfast goodies which are sure to fulfill you on those days where you want to have Breakfast - with a capital "B". 
Service was fast and friendly.  I'll be a regular.Feb. 2012 In town for the Superbowl.
From the second I walked up I knew this place was like home. Stickers litter the door, almost hipster but thankfully not. Purely authentic. I walk in and the place is jumping, people fill almost every available seat so I head to the counter. The music is pumping as I hear the almost sibling like talk going back and forth between staff. Then I knew I was home. More stickers and photos of patrons fill the walls in no order at all and gives you the warm feeling of a teenagers room. And not your teenagers room where you have to tell them to pick up a million things, but the nostalgia of your own. Your music, your pictures, stickers and posters. As I sit at the counter and awe at the chaotic yet harmonic atmosphere it's like the movie ratatouille where the mouse controls the chef all around the place in quick and smooth movements up over and around everyone and everything. And just as I'm thinking where's the server, bamm! Menu in hand, and ready to serve and as the stickers on the wall in the kitchen seem to attribute to a Star Wars era group of employees, I'm convinced the "Force" is with them.I used to love Slim's until one fateful day.
I went in, craving something like eggs layered on tofu layered on cheese.  
And this skinny blonde hipster guy put meat on my dish when it wasn't even on the menu that it had meat, just tofu.
So I sent it back.
And then, I received the most godawful, unidentifiable, unholy combination of curry, slimy, undercooked eggs, and raw (raw!) tofu that I have ever seen.  It was a dish that I had ordered before, the garden slammer, and I had never experienced it quite like that...
No comp.  No remorse.  No apology.
Slim Goodies:  get rid of that guy so we can come back.  Thanks.Horrible.   Waited 20minutes to get seated, then waited another 30 before we got our food.   Apparently one of the cooks quit and walked out, which delayed everything.    When the food finally did come out, it just wasn't very good.   The eggs were runny and tasteless and seemed like they had been sitting out for a while.   The sausage was greasy and just very run-of-the-mill.  The banana pancake was good, but that's pretty much it.   Also, it's cash only which no one bothered to tell us when we sat down.  
Extremely disappointed.    Wasted our morning and money.  Definitely won't be back.Food was good. Wasn't worth the wait. We were there from 11:30-2:30 (3 hours) waiting for our meals. Maybe the kitchen forgot about us? The waitress never refilled our waters in this 3 hour period. They weren't even busy. Also, they didn't split our check and we had to argue with the waitress to get separate checks. WASTED the bulk of our day here.Food is great, overhead tunes old school and it's a funky looking diner which suits me. Love it!With Slim's you either get it or you don't. I happen to really like it- I get my usual Doc Horn and my husband likes the Jewish Coonass. (How can you not love a place that has an entree with that name? Crawfish etoufee on top of a latke.  Well, Uncle Steve finds it offensive, but that 's another story...)  Anyway, it is a quirky place that is never really that clean and the service is never really that good, but you just grow to kind of overlook that. There's a nice, hidden patio out back that is lovely on the right kind of day.We tried this place out based upon the Yelp reviews - thank you Yelpers!  CASH ONLY!
I really enjoyed my breakfast, I went out on a limb and ordered a NOLA take on huevos rancheros and was not disappointed.  My companion ordered typical eggs, meat and grits.  He didn't love his - but I think because he didn't try something new.  
The diner and the staff are all about personality. Clearly it's a locals kind-of place.  The only odd thing, was the incredibly loud argument the line cook was having with a dishwasher about how hard his job was and how nobody could do it better than him.  Hmm, everyone in the restaurant could hear the argument, and frankly some folks were a little scared at the decibels.  A little off-putting to some, interesting albeit to me.The food may have been good, but the service was the worst freaking service I've experienced in a long time.  No matter how good the food is I would never return.  We had to ask for everything 3 Times from 3 different people because our waiter was clueless and distracted.  Not even a thank you or anything.  We left a very slight tip hoping only for the younger guy that was a runner as he was nice and courteous and said thank you.  Honestly with all the restaurants on Magazine I can't imagine why anyone would continue to go to this place especially if this is the kind of service you get.As my wide and kids walked down Magazine we happened upon this place. Seemed like the kind of place we love to find and try. Locally run, filled with local charm. Wow what a find. Great food, the kind that has that extra ingredient, love. My plate was clean,  my wife's was clean and the kids, clean. People were great and the atmosphere was just as great and full of charm.Pretty good breakfast place. Seems like a local crowd. Food is good, reasonably priced. Service can be slow when there's a crowd, but service is friendly.Just ate here after an overnight shift at work, and it was a great place to have a nice breakfast alone before passing out. Server was about 15 minutes late to work but he was cute as hell and nice when he got there. I ordered the Orleans Slammer: hashbrowns with chili, bacon, eggs and biscuits. And a cup of coffee. Food was delicious; I can imagine a super hangover cure. Menu was fairly pricey for breakfast but portion was large.I went here with my family. I was immediately disappointed once I saw the menu I looked up online was different from the in store menu. Far less vegan options than online and price difference. So I settled for the tofu scramble, fake bacon and gluten free waffle. The waffle was very hard and lacked any flavor. There exist alternatives to dairy instead of just water as an ingredient but I digress. I barely touched anything else. My dad had to send back his food to be reheated which they accommodated him very well. Overall food wise my family wasn't  very happy with my recommendation of this place. The great part was the service however. Everyone foh and boh were very nice, including a cook who made sure my dad received hot food and manager I believe who visited the table.  Our server, a young man was super personable and funny. I just wish the food matched the service. Three stars for serviceCheap breakfast, good food, diner like ambiance. Open on Sunday nights as a burger joint called mvb. Friendly service and open kitchen make it easy to eat alone or with others. Definitely a go-to for great breakfast!This was an awesome brunch spot on Magazine street. My entire party loved the diner feel and the food was excellent. The menu was not overly authentic New Orleans but had all the breakfast and lunch staples you could want. Our server was great and very friendly. 
The French toast was good but a little small portion wise compared to the waffles or pancakes. The side of French fries I ordered was huge and a very shareable size. Overall I would definitely come back. 
The rest room was okay maybe 2.5/5 stars.Really enjoyed eating here! Had a unique and fun menu with good food and big portions. Service was good and the Bloody Mary was even better. Would try again.so good! cheap and delicious! got one ray cake (a chocolate chip pancake) and I thought it was decent size and the waiter insisted on bringing me a second one bc it was small. he brought me a second chocolate chip pancake ( which was huge) for free! the hash browns are also great! a bottle of champagne is only $10. def will return for more sunday brunchesThere is just nothing like greasy diner food after a long night on the town. That's just what this place is, reliable, good, honest hangover food. Coffee that never ends, big ol' ice waters that do their best to revive your half-dead soul and service that gets you in, out and back in bed as soon as possible. These guys consistently come through for me. God bless you.
Here's some highlights:
-Slammers (aka, stuff on hashbrowns) My favs!
-Omlets
-Sandwiches
Lots of sweet options too, but that's not my jam when in recovery mode.My first time here. It was a good one. 
I sat at the old fashioned diner counter, and normally the stools are too close to the counter to be comfortable,  but I had plenty of room for my knees, and also to open the newspaper.  
My server "Big Bad", was awesome, polite, and quick. I got a menu, coffee and water within 2 minutes. The menu has plenty of options and tasty looking combos. 
THE FOOD: 
I ordered the Slimcherros, which the menu describes as "2 corn tortillas stuffed with Slims black beans, topped with 2 fried eggs and melted cheddar cheese, drizzled with red eye gravy, accented with sausage and a side of sour cream and jalapenos. "
It sounded interesting. When brought to me, it smelled great and from my first bite I loved it. I'm a big fan of black beans, and these were done perfectly. Not soft and mushy, nor hard. Nice. Tasty flavor. Cutting into the egg, the yolk just washed over and mixed in with the gravy, beans and tortillas. I took a bit of the sour cream, jalapenos and salsa with the rest, and my palate was smiling (in my mind). 
I asked for some TOAST, and "boom" it was there in 45 seconds! I sopped up every bit of the breakfast and wanted more. This food was wonderful. 
It's a nice little place on a good street, with cool folks working there. 
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
(As a matter of fact, I called my sister's, who are in town and recommended it).I started off really liking Slim Goodies, but somehow it has lost its luster.  The food is good, and I'd recommend giving it a try on a week day, but I'm not standing in line to get in.A super fun vintage diner on Magazine Street, breakfast at Slim Goody's Diner was heaven. Their backyard is shady and peaceful, their Bloody Mary's strong, spicy and topped with bacon (!), and their comfort food delicious. Their tofu chili hash brown bombs are to die for, as is the chicken fried steak smothered in the best caramelized onion gravy I have ever had! Service was relaxed and very friendly. Such a great place to while away the weekend.Great breakfast spot with many options. Eclectic kind of ambience and atmosphere. Good quality with a good price. They are cash only!The food was excellent,  as I had heard, but if you are expecting ambiance look elsewhere as the general cleanliness left a little more to be desired.   We had omelets and they were big and delicious though and while I've had some dates that would be appalled for me to take them there it is a really good place for food and lovers of eclectic places in NOLA that don't give a damn about anything but the food.  Like me sometimes.Great food! I have been coming here for years. I love the pancakes, and the french fries are always a hit. The wait time to get the table is short, but the wait time for the food is a bit longer. The staff is very friendly. The menu has a great variety of options. One of my favorite places to come with friends.My boyfriend had the bacon, egg and cheese sandwhich (BEC) - very simply and amazing! I had the Orleans Slammer with tofu instead of the egg scramble - so good! Will definitely be back again!Summary based on one mid morning breakfast:
-locally popular
-food quality high
-ok prices
-friendly service
-some parking nearby
Recommended