Delicious, Good prices, & light on the tummy! I had their one non-vegetarian meal item of the day, and it was incredible!The food is banging and cheap and it feels like you're eating in your grandma's tacky parlor. The furniture might have actually been hers before she died and it all went to Goodwill. That's sad, but then you'll look at the sophisticated young urbanites around you, wearing the same clothes your cousins did in the '90s when you would visit your now-dead grandma, and you'll cheer up a little.
Then you'll remember the awesome plate of vegetarian food and jar of iced coffee set you back only $11 and you'll just feel really great. THE END.Amazing Food Awesome Owner/Chef Super Friendly Employees Health Food Also Fresh & Yummy 
Must Try Place For Everyone !!! Highly Recommend This Place Can't Say Enough About It Food Is Always Beautiful.Awesome vibe, interesting when you first pull up but you should definitely get out of your car and go in. 
Food is prepared nicely, seems like some guys want to have fun and make good healthy food. 
I like it, and so does my vegetarian wife.Very cool vibe - cool music, artwork, and people. Prices a little more on the $$ side. I got the pickle platter, veggie broth soup, and Reuben sandwich. Pickle platter and veggie broth soup were both a little overspiced and the soup was mostly mushrooms but it didn't say it had mushrooms. Reuben was very greasy and delicious. My friends seemed to love the salad and pumpkin nuggets but said the sauce was a little powdery.If I could give this 10 stars I would! Amazing locally grown food with local flare! Healthy, fresh, charming and overall incredible well made! I got their special of sous vide pork over grits with greens for only $9. My mind was blown from not only the price, but the portion AND quality! It was so spectacular I went back again. If I come back to NOLA, I would just eat here every day and try everything! 
Also, it has fantastic vegan, vegetarian, AND meat options. They're masters of their craft on such a remarkably humble scale. Simply put: great food and kind service. 
Please be aware: The patrons can be spaced out hippies with a little too much sharing unsolicited advice and some others tailoring (bastardizing) the pristine menu to their specifications. So that might be a tad irritating.I love this place. Incredible breakfast for dinner which I love. I had the vegan patty melt which I loved. This place is worth the visit. People are friendly and everything is made in house. I can't wait to try other menu items.Great place with good food. Owner is an amazing guy who cares to know his clients. Love itYou will be amazed at how flavorful their food is. You will order their tofu salad and fall in love. You will add French fries and reassess your whole life. You will come back again until you've tasted everything on the menu, and you will never be disappointed.If your visiting or a native to New Orleans you'll find out it's difficult to find vegan cuisine. This place has it all- Creative local vegan dishes at affordable prices, and a meat dish for your carnivore guests. Another great thing about Sneaky Pickle is that you feel like you're in someone's home, rather than being in a restaurant. With that said, the people there make it feel like a home. This is a wonderful establishment, and one of many New Orleans best kept secrets.I'm quickly becoming a regular at the Sneaky Pickle. The alternative, veggie-first cooking coupled with irresistible cold brew coffee keeps me coming back at least a few times a week. My go-to is the daily meat flatbread. When my girlfriend had her first bite of the catfish flatbread with a peach/veggie slaw, she literally said "this is the best thing I've ever eaten!" When I'm just dropping in for a snack, I like to get the daily smoothie made with fresh fruits and veggies.
During the quieter hours, the Sneaky Pickle can serve as more of a cafe environment. I like to post up in the early afternoon when it's not so busy and do some work on my laptop. It's a pleasant atmosphere to relax in. All the staff, including the owner/chef Ben, are really friendly and they are all passionate about healthy, delicious food.
We're lucky to have such a great option in the neighborhood. I'm excited to see what these guys cook up in the fall!I love this place so much I wish I could eat there every day- oh wait, I live a block away so I can! YESSSSSBeen meaning to come here for a while; finally a friend bought me. Had the pickle plate, the special salad, the cobia appetizer (another special), the pork/pear butter/potatoes, and french fries. (Yeah it was a lot--the counterman advised as such--but I was hungry and wanted to try a variety of things.) All were very good, the salad and cobia especially so; in retrospect, I could've made a meal of those two by themselves (tho the variety of choices on the pickle plate was lovely as well). I would just wish that I could get either pasta or rice with the pork, or even perhaps french fries. But that's just me as potatoes are not my favorite. Service was fine. I just wish the Pickle would stay open later than 9pm, especially on the weekends. In any case, do hope to return :-)This is a great addition to the neighborhood. The menu is creative and always has healthy options. The "breakfast" is amazing! There is good pour-over coffee.
It seems the ingredients are fresh and probably come from the farmers market. Only critique, the kitchen is listening to different music then the house so as a costumer you're hearing two songs at once. Pick a song and go with it please.Great place amazing healthy food with well thought flavors. Owner is an amazing guy who cares to know his clients. Love itTHE SNEAKY PICKLE REUBEN IS THE BEST THING I'VE EVER EATEN. Yes, it's true. I'm obsessed. Sometimes they don't have it or cabbages aren't in season or something and my heart literally breaks. At times like that I am tested to eat everything else on the menu (although even when the reuben is there I like to get a few item and test the specials because I'll never see them again). There's the regular menu on a little sheet and then a large chalkboard full of all the specials. Everything is great. Literally just order one of everything on the menu because everything he serves is so different from the other. The fries are killer. The greens make me drool. That hot sauce mmmmm. Just eat it all. You will not be sorry!
Sneaky P itself is kind of a trek for me, which is why I don't eat it every day, but it is well worth the trip. It's a tiny little colorful shack that if you blink you might miss it but that makes it even more lovely. When you sit there with your beautiful meal you really feel like you're in an old friend's house getting a home cooked meal - except you order at a counter and pay them. Whatever, take ALL my money---and make the reuben year-round!In a pretty shady area of the Bywater, Sneaky Pickle is a refreshing spot away from all fancy oysters and fried food in New Orleans. They serve vegan/vegetarian food with meat options. I got their seasonal greens - brussel sprouts over collards. While this was delicious, it was a bit too oily. What they did well was... their fries! Yes, I said that. Each fry was perfectly crispy and I eat a lot of fries. Finally, I got their flatbread, which is more like a taco with pork shoulder. This had too much aioli and the pork was very fatty; however, despite all that, the "flatbread" was perfect... and those fries! 
Seeing pictures of their mac and cheese, I wish I had gotten that too!I'm generally quite skeptical of vegan restaurants but Sneaky Pickle confounded my expectations and made me think twice.  I did cheat a bit (they have a meat dish each day -- when I went it was brisket), but the meal was pretty tasty.Just YUM!!! We loved everything about this little place. Get the food bowl with lamb. Best iced coffee in town as well.I absolutely loved Sneaky Pickle!! The food was delicious, made from scratch with great ingredients and prices were very reasonable. I will definitely be back!We decided to venture out of the French quarter to try this place because it had vegan options. We got the Reuben sandwich, a vegan burger, fries, and a buffalo tofu cauliflower salad. It was all very delicious! I wish there was one of these back in Los Angeles where I live. The indoors is also very cute and artsy and the restaurant runs in a kind of co-op style. Next time I'm in NOLA I am sure to return and will probably get the same things I got before and add the mac n cheese (someone next to us got it and said it was really good) because it was all so delicious!I'd go with 3.5 stars if I could, but alas. When I worked in the neighborhood, I went to this place pretty regularly, but now that I have to go out of my way for it, I find I'm not all that smitten. I do really like the veggie patty they make in-house, but they seem to be sold out of it a lot of the time. So then I have to try other things, and I'm not a huge fan of the other things. The beet flatbread was pretty good but nothing special. The fries have been hit or miss - sometimes nicely crispy, sometimes soggy. I did not enjoy the tempeh sandwich, but I generally tend to avoid meat replacement type things, so maybe I should have continued doing that. It was one of those times when the leftovers sat in my fridge for a few days before I had to choose between eating them and cooking. Granted, I did eventually eat them, but only to avoid making an effort.
I've done the dine-in thing and the take-out thing here, and either way, the service has always been really slow. Even when there aren't a lot of other customers. Usually I wouldn't have a problem with this, but I get a short lunch break, and I can't spend the whole thing waiting for food to be prepared.The veggie burger here is amazing. The french fries are fresh and delicious. Everything is made to order. There's lots of cool art on the wall and the people at work are very nice. They have some flatbread tacos and stuff that look good tooWe were told to check out this place on our first day of our trip to NOLA... Both my boyfriend and I could not have been happier. We had the Reuben, the burger, french fries and some sort of flat bread (maybe mirliton?). I can't say enough about this food. The burger was out of this world and the french fries were some of the best I have ever had... I know, I'm talking about french fries, but seriously, these were great. 
On our way out, we met the owner and he was super nice... good vibe all around.
If we had been staying in the Bywater for our entire trip, I would have eaten here every day. As it was, we were only able to return a second time before we left. We brought a couple of friends who loved it just as much as we did.
Open a Chicago location!Had he veggie burger. Massive sandwich and cheap. Clearly s homemade burger and not a frozen store brand. I'm not a Brussel sprout fan but theirs were amazing. I was more sad when they were gone than the sandwich. I'll be back for sure. Meat-eating bf enjoyed his beef flatbread.great spot.  The tomato jam on the vegan burger is ridiculously tasty.   I wish I could put it on everything.   Service was a little slow but super friendly and very attentive.   I think it was just because we got there when they were just opening but no matter what, I'd wait a little extra time to get that delicious food any day.    The fries were some of the best I've ever had....    ooooohhh.   I'm getting hungry just thinking about them.We've tried it all. Seed, Good Karma, Carmo, Superfood and Sneaky Pig was our favorite. We ordered the burger, tempeh flatbread, and bok chop cashew dish and they were all great flavors. Don't expect anything close to a 4 star restaurant but if you're vegan you should be used to this casual ma and pa atmosphere.I love Sneaky Pickle,  they have delicious vegan food! , I could eat here every night!  They don't have an extensive menu,  but everything I have had here has been so yummy!  Fries, salads,  chocolate chip cookies! !This place is good people.  
You'll see a lot of hipsters in here, but the decor exudes a really sweet, plainspoken kind of vibe that's not at all holier-than-thou, even though the Tempeh Reuben is most definitely holier than, well, me at least, and probably you too.   Somewhat new to the area, I've only been here about three or four times, but from what I've tasted and what I've heard, from those who would know, is that they don't make food that ain't effin' delicious.  
And it's local.  And it's largely vegetarian/vegan, which is to say it's sustainable and visionary in a food culture where vegetarianism still somehow fails to recommend itself to the mainstream.  I'm so tempted to use the word utopian, but I'd like to be taken seriously...
And, in what is for many people the bottom line, the prices are reasonable for food, and DIRT CHEAP for food this good.  Eat here.  Eat here as often as you can.The reuben was just as delicious as everyone says it is! I am not usually a tempeh fan, but when topped with caramelized onions, sauerkraut, and somehow vegan thousand island dressing, I was totally sold.What a charming place! The food is creative and taste. They have a variety of options including some delicious vegan offerings. I love the Vegan Reuben and their MAC and Cheese. They have some great sauces to dip your fries in and some fun drink options. The outdoor seating is fun in the evenings. I say sneak on down to the Sneaky Pickle.Please go here if you are vegan, vegetarian, or just looking for something a bit different. I got the bowl of food, which is a daily special of sorts. The description listed its contents and honestly, I was prepared for it to be bland. Nope. So many layers of flavor, great portion size, and only $7.50. We were iffy about getting fries. The lady helping us looked up and said, "Look, they're not shitty fries". She was not wrong. Get them if you go. We also walked away with a few more recommendations for local eats that aren't tourists traps thanks to the great people working there.Sneaky pickle has the best quality and tasting food in New Orleans. I'm not a vegan or vegetarian but I still like they're veg options and the meat here is so delicious. The staff is awesome, today we went in and a young lady with pretty purple lipstick was just sweet as can be. Will definitely continue to come here forever.The food here is amazing! So fresh and delicious. The ambiance could use a little help but who cares when your eating heaven.I'm not vegan.  I went to be a good sport for someone who was vegan.  I had the Reuben.  Not my thing...I'm not really sure what I ate but lost most of my appetite from the looks of the servers unfortunately.  One had shorts on with her ass out.  Another with stockings and all types of holes in it.  They just didn't seem like the cleanest people.  Again...not really my thing but at least I tried it and was a good sport about it.I was hearing about this place for a long time and then I finally got to try it. The salad was saturated in sauce I could barely enjoy the meal. The area is dangerous for going alone after dark. Staff was friendly though and I love their conceptI only had the beet flatbread and an iced tea but I can't wait to back for more. You can't beat a filling and super tasty lunch for $5! There were so many flavors and textures going on and it all worked. While I am probably not cool enough for most of the clientel, the staff were very nice and friendly. The decor and atmosphere are not the usual these days, but I liked it and it reminded me of "health food" places from 25 years ago when it was hard to get vegetarian food and cafes were a mix of old hippies and bright eyed punky college students (like me). This place is the sort of child of that time. The music was eclectic, in a good way. I will wait til my next trip to see if it deserves another star...Our experience here was phenomenal. The ordering process was easy and the food was incredible. We got a little bit of everything. The spicy cauliflower soup was to die for! Not to mention most of the options were vegan. There was something for all 3 of us to enjoy. Can't wait to come back!I'm not from NOLA, so I relied I Yelp to find a vegan-friendly restaurant. After seeing very positive reviews we decided to try it out. 
The first thing to know, if you're from out of town, is that this place send like it's in the middle of a residential neighborhood. The street is dark and the road in terrible condition. The building itself is a little run down and totally nondescript. Fortunately, one you get in the door you forget about all that. 
Inside is a fairly typically eclectic hipster order-at-the-counter restaurant. The menu is not exclusively vegan/vegetarian, so you can bring your meat-eating friends. 
They source locally so everything is fresh. We had the tofu flatbread, bowl of food, steamed veggies, and pickle plate. 
The pickle plate was a great, tart and sweet starter. The tofu flatbread was the best thing we had all night. I could have eaten 3 orders. We liked the steamed veggies, though they weren't anything amazing. The bowl of food, essentially a curry bowl that night, was delicious. Everything was made to order and made with care. 
Would definitely go again.-Best Vegan Mac n cheese
-Order at counter/self serve
-Short staffed
-Smelled like Moist armpit, spices and sweat
-Funky atmosphere/inspiring Local art
-Unique rotational menu
-Food was very flavorful with (comfort feel)
-Hipster Heaven/Hole in the wall
-Didnt use the bathroom
-Staff was Friendly
 Conclusion "Would return if back in the area "Had a really great meal here tonight.  Fresh farm ingredients and humanely raised meat when they serve it.  They hooked me up with a fried pepper and tofu dish that mimics a Rhode Island style calamari dish.  Good flavors and a diverse crowd.  Will be back..The food is healthy and inexpensive, albeit a bit on the salty side for my preferences.
Service is appropriately slow for a real food restaurant (not fast food), and the atmosphere tilts to the casual.
The smoothie (kale, wheatgrass, satsuma, banana, Apple, blueberry) was the highlight, though heavy on the banana and  light on the greens.
The bowl o food was a bit salty, but I loved the mix of black lentils, Brown rice, sweet potato, and greens toured with a couple pieces of fried plantain. Unfortunately it was a bit too salty.
I'd rank this 3 stars if it were any more expensive, but for a $5 smoothie and $6 vegan bowl, the taste was better than expected.New Orleans is not the city where you expect high Quality vegan food, but this place exceeds expectations. The tofu flat flatbread is excellent, although the sauce in which the toppings are tossed is a bit bitter. I enjoy each "green" side salad they have ever made-especially the sautéed greens with snap peas and garlic. The veggieburger is decent, but their fries are hand cut and fried to perfection. 
Plenty of meat options that look good. Next visit: trying the buffalo tofu salad.We were *not ready* for how good the chow was at Sneaky Pickle - and we like to think we know our way around some hippie food! The smoked tempeh flatbread was awesome. The Bowl O' Food was full of yellow curry goodness. The greens with smoked pork were increds. Finally, The blueberry Italian ice w- bee pollen was totally bomb.One of my favorite restaurants in the entire city! These guys are located right around the corner from my work, and my visits there have become some of my favorite moments of the entire week! They have the most delicious and locally sourced vegetarian, vegan, and also meaty cuisine. Whether you're in the mood for a bowl of food (always rotating), a gnarly special dish, or my personal favorite, The Tempeh Reuben or Multigrain patty sandwich, you're definitely in a for a delicious treat at a fair price! The staff is friendly and there's always some good music playing in there. Do yourself a favor and don't pass this place up. They have great hours, so you have no excuses. Enjoy!Omg. This place is out of control. I came here a few months ago and had vegan mac and cheese. Had a day trip in the city and made the business lunch here. If you were driving and looking you would pass on the place 9 out of 10 times. DONT LET THE APPEARANCE STOP YOU. It's one of the best places for a plant based lifestyle to eat. This mac and cheese is simply the best. I would strongly recommend you to make plans to come in.Sneaky Pickle is so good! It is a very chill and laid back place with some nice vegan and vegetarian options in addition to meat options. The staff are nice and helpful and everything is pretty clean. I've tried the tempeh reuben sandwich and had a bowl of food (lentils, rice, mustard greens, eggplant, and other things I can't remember). Both of these were really tasty and filling although my all time favorite is the reuben sandwich. The iced coffee is bomb and it is nice they have the option of almond milk or half and half in it.
Parking is usually pretty easy to find on the street, they take credit cards, and have pretty ample seating inside. Check it out!I got bowl of the day (curry, lentil, rice, radish, carrots, cream and dried cranberry s) is AMAZING but The Multigrain patty is to die for. We were not disappointed.absolutely love the macc & cheese, the bowl of food was awesome, love the version of beans & rice. cute decor too.For those of you who are meat eaters (like me), this is one of those "can't believe it's vegan" places. Great food, cozy/comfortable atmosphere, and sizable portions.
I got the "bowl of food" with no add ons (they had options of adding meat, egg, etc). The bowl was a combination of rice and chickpeas seasoned with coconut curry and cilantro. It reminded me of something my mom used to make when I was a kid, but waaaay better (sorry mom). It really felt like a home cooked meal. LOVED this dish.
In addition, I tried the macaroni and cheese. It was made with an eggplant base, and was difficult to tell that it was vegan at all. 
Finally, the ice cream sandwich. We all agreed that this was outrageously good--the cookie was a toasted chewy chocolate, with rich coconut ice cream. Coming back again next week!Good pick for both omnivores and vegans! Came here to enjoy their vegan selections and jazzy playlist. 
We shared:
The pickle plate: good but the beets were cut a bit too thick to enjoy
Tofu breakfast flatbread: this was really delicious!
Vegan Mac and cheese: one of the better vegan Mac and cheeses I've tried, very generous portions
Charred cabbage and tahini: wanted to try this because I love cabbage. Tasty and simple dish, the tahini sauce was very distinct
Overall I enjoyed eating here. Their menu items are quite unique!This restaurant is great!!! Everything we ordered tasted amazing. The pickle plate was very cool also, with homemade pickled almonds, mango , radish.  Nice portion sizes. Would recommend to everyone!As a dairy-free carnivore, this place is heaven. The other day, I had their shrimp pasta and oh my god it was creamy, rich, and delicious. I can't remember the last time I was able to eat a "cream" based pasta. Today I got the vegan tomato soup and it didn't disappoint. Delightfully spicy! I come in a lot for their cold brew. Would def recommend.Went there two nights on my vacation. The buffalo salad was so good, the Mac and cheese is a must and the Reuben was pretty good. They usually have a few specials.I was pretty excited when my friend Froggy Dan suggested this spot for lunch - it came up in a search and looked interesting.  first - this has to be one of the cleanest little lunch spots I've ever visited!  It's very tidy and bright and well decorated - very homey.  My friend and I enjoyed our sandwiches so much - and fries were excellent.Since my first visit a few months ago, I've eaten at Sneaky Pickle a few times a week. The ever-changing specials menu keeps things fresh, and the prices are unbeatable. The wait time varies greatly depending on the crowd, but the staff are hella chill and always willing to go out of their way to make your experience positive. Go on a nice day to enjoy a leisurely meal on the patio. Hands down best vegetarian/vegan options in the city, and you can't go wrong with the "bowl of food!"This chef has got it going on!!!!  The food is outstanding!!! A vegans dream come true!!!  This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in.  This chef has the ability to marry spices with food like I've never seen before.Come here often either with my dad or friends and it's the same every time. The vegan Mac & cheese is my go to with a nice glass of Merlot. Also, for my past visit my dad's food took longer than expected and the cashier/server was sure to give my dad another ginger beer and even me another glass of wine on the house. A1 customer service right there!I am not a veteran of New Orleans cuisine, but I got a strong recommendation for Sneaky Pickle.  I had the Tempeh Reuben and collard greens.  Both were excellent, with the greens being slightly more yummy.  I struggled a little with the lighting, so if you like dark and intimate this place is for you.  The stand out feature is likely the staff, who were super friendly.Awesome vegetarian / vegan food at incredible prices. All the flatbreads I've tried are fantastic, with great hummus and beets and goodness. The peanut butter chocolate chip gluten free cookies are also worth capping every meal with.Delicious, affordable, healthy comfort food! Sneaky Pickle continues to impress me with its food. I'm a big fan of the tempeh reuben, but their flat breads and specials are usually excellent as well. Plus they have great prices, friendly staff, and an awesome sign.This is my favorite place in New Orleans for many, many reasons which I'll attempt to list below in no order.  I probably eat here 3 or 4 times a week.  Part of me wants to keep this place a secret for myself but the rest of me wants to tell the world about the joys of Sneaky Pickle.
Let's talk about the quality of the food.  Are you into eating healthy but delicious, flavorful food?  Are you into supporting local farmers and fishermen?  Ben (the owner) buys as much of his food locally as possible...and regularly!  Other restaurants claim to buy their food locally but Ben actually does and everything is so fresh!  The menu changes constantly due to what is available.  For the quality of the food you're getting compared to other places in the neighborhood, this place cannot be beat.  I had a perfectly cooked whole flounder tonight for $10 not to mention the sides it came with.  Where else can you get that?
BYOB.  How many places can you bring your own alcohol to?  I don't know of any offhand in the neighborhood or city.  Why?  Because once a restaurant gets its liquor license it gouges you to death on drinks and doubles its profits.  Feeling fancy?  Bring a bottle of nice wine and hide out at one of the tables off to the side for a romantic evening with your boo thang.  Feeling cheap?  Bring a tallboy and buy a bowl of food.
Are you vegan or vegetarian?  If you're not, the restaurant ALWAYS has at least one or two FRESH meat dishes and they are always delicious.  If you are vegan or vegetarian, this is one of your only options in the neighborhood and the city and it's definitely the most delicious AND affordable.
Ben!  How many restaurants do you know of where the owner is there pretty much every day cooking non-stop and when he does get a break, he comes out of the kitchen and asks you how your food is and maybe just how your day is going?  Could you possibly get anymore personal?  He's such a nice person and truly cares about every aspect of your experience at his restaurant.
The atmosphere.  Some people don't like it and that's OKAY.  I'm sure there is at least one Chili's within a 10 mile radius playing your favorite U2 song RIGHT NOW!  Don't miss it bro!!  Okay, back to the review.  The atmosphere is the epitome of quaint.  Custom made tables by Dan who also works there, tons of cool books that people just drop off, local artwork, unique decorations...  You might hear some old hardcore or post-punk, maybe some cool foreign bongo music or somethin', like, idk man but it's cool.  It feels like home!  Not some stuffy corporate monster playing the 80's and 90's top 100.
Cleanliness.  I have always found the place to be more than adequately clean and seriously question some people's claims of it being grimey or whatever and I'm a clean freak!  I think this is more connected to people who are expecting to walk into a touristy atmosphere with a blonde hostess showing you to your seat.  Sweet baby jesus forbid they are forced to sit a table over from an artist with a hole in one of the knees of his jeans.  It is just as clean as any other comparable establishment in the neighborhood and it's pretty much guaranteed to be cleaner than every local spot in the French Quarter.
Staff.  Everyone is sooo friendly!  Anyone who has had a problem with a staff member was very likely the rude one in the situation but you can probably gather that from the type of review they left anyway.  The only time service might be slow is when they get slammed and are trying to run an entire restaurant with 2 or 3 people.  Real food takes real time.  Learn patience you must, my young Padawan.
Overall, while this place may not be for everyone, I think the overwhelming majority of people who patronize this fine establishment will find it quite favorable and I wholeheartedly recommend it.  
*  *  *  *  *  !!!Best. Mac and Cheese. Of my life. 
Period.
Conscious food + superior taste. I am sold. Just trust me and get their Mac and Cheese tonight. ASAP. So good. Do it!The food is guaranteed fresh everyday. the seasonal salads and the sandwiches are so savory with just the right amount of spice. even though it is a vegetarian restaurant, there is always something for meat lovers. the wine selection is always top quality and everything they get is local (except duck). the cookies are beyond amazing and you would never guess that they were vegan. I've come here twice in the past week already and I've spent less than 30 dollars. it's so good for being so cheap. 100% recommend!I really wanted to like this place more.  I love having another vegan/vegetarian food option in my neighborhood, but I think I will stick to ordering items to-go.  I had the patty melt which was pretty good, but the bread to patty ratio needs work.  I will be ordering from here again. There was a dog in the restaurant, not sure what his job was.Food was spectacular! Delicious and flavorful without being heavy. Great little gem, with tons of vegetarian options. Not crowded at all, and its pretty cheap. I loved the mac and cheese!Color me impressed! The sneaky pickle is a wonderful addition to New Orleans.
The menu is huge AND diverse. They are vegan/veg friendly but also have a few meat offerings that rotate daily. I ordered a flatbread with egg and it was so delightful. Full of flavor, light, but also satisfying! 
I also love the prices - healthy, fun, great portion sizes and affordable!! Definitely worth checking this fabulous little gem out.Maybe the most reasonably priced food in the area! Great healthy food options, fresh ingredients, and nice staff. Always enjoy my mealAs a non vegan, I have to say I'm a fan of this place. It's always good to get out and try new healthy options, and I wasn't disappointed with my meal.
Good little beer selection, colas, coffee, tea. I wish I remembered the name of the cake thing I had, because it was sweet and interesting, in a good way.
Friendly chatty staff who are happy to tell you about the meals and drinks. Go here, trust me.Definitely worth going! Best vegan option in New Orleans and most inventive. That hot sauce is the bomb though. Put it on everything.Had the most amazing lunch yesterday with one vegan and one meat eating friend (I'm borderline vegan). Had the grain burger and fries (vegan) while the meat eater had a lamb dish that he raced about. This was my third time to this wonderful little food heaven and if I lived closer, it'd be dangerous as I'd be spending too much $ dining out. But I'd likely be rationalizing that as its so inexpensive for the quality and amount of fare they serve up. Great folk working there, as well. So worth the trip as the food is so delicious-fresh and a feast for your eyes and tastebuds. 10 stars if I could. Oh, and the sweet potato stuffed pancake for dessert was killer (yummy maple syrup on top)just yummyI went there with a friend and we got the Reuben sandwich, hummus and plantain chips, sweet potato tater tots, and the melt sandwich. 
The sandwiches were weird and way too "healthy" tasting. I didn't try the hummus, but the plantain chips were way too salty, and the tater tots, while good, were not tater tots at all. They were mashed sweet potatoes formed into balls with a crispy outside. They were unusual, however I liked them. 
This place is incredibly cute, and the server was super nice and great, however I won't be going back. 
I'm giving this place 2 stars because they have vegan food and because my friend enjoyed the Reuben, which she has gone back for.The Mrs. is vegan, the Mr. is not. Which is why this place is awesome. Their approach to veg cuisine is novel and very well executed, and there is always one item available for the carnivore that will surprise you. I had a pork belly flatbread sandwich that was as good as anything at Butcher. Great service and atmosphere as well.Food was quite good, however the wait time was rediculous. Over an hour for those tasty fried pumpkin puff things and another year for a couple fishy tacos that were advertised as lamb neck flat bread. I suppose during the food prep a proactive chef made the ethical choice for us and spared the lamb slaughter and went fishing. Total wait time was over 90 minutes for one app and two small single item entrres. Im willing to bet my digestive track can process and reissue the meal as plant fertilizer quicker than their day crew could serve any of today's guests.So nice, to the food and service. The cashier remembered my name despite the huge amount of people there. I got sweet potatoes pancakes. I'm a picky eater with the appetite of a toddler, and these were amazing. They were huge and only $4. I also had kale and green beans. I don't know what the cook does, but they were the best green beans I've ever had.MY FAVORITE VEGETARIAN SPOT IN THE CITY. I even took meat-eaters there to try some vegan stuff and they all loved it! I love the homey vibe of the place. The food is also fresh and the menu is constantly changing, which is always a good sign. This is the perfect low-key, local, fresh, vegan spot for any veggie lovers. The food is delicious with a ton of cool, different options!I love the name! I took my husband here and it was AMAZING. We are both vegan. We both got the Rueben and a cookie for lunch. We were on vacation and couldn't resist. Sooooo good.Day 3 of 21 day vegan challenge. Withdrawals and cravings are real! Found this place on yelp and had to try it. I had the Tempeh Rueben and Vegan Mac n Cheese. Both items were packed with flavor. Very good substitutes for anyone wanting to try vegan options.Top quality vegan cuisine - daily specials that always impress! I love popping into this casual spot for a tasty, healthy lunch. It's a teenie little place, so keep an eye out. It's worth the trek out of the quarter for you tourists, that's for sure.My first meal in New Orleans was at the Sneaky Pickle. I wasn't quite sure what to order, so I ordered the sushi bowl. After one bite, I knew that I had to come back. As a restaurant that has vegan offerings, the Sneaky Pickle has a real personable vibe where you're surrounded by people who care about good, healthy food. They offer kombucha, ginger beer and also have a selection of beers. Definitely going back before I leave New Orleans. You HAVE to eat here. Don't walk. Run!I'm writing this review as I lay on the couch and recover from eating too much at this truly unique and surprising find. Best vegetarian and vegan food I've come across in a long time. Not the type of place that uses gross processed imitation meats, but is creative in crafting one-of-a-kind hearty vegan meals (there are meat options as well).
I had the deep-fried vegan meat balls and pasta that were made out of lentils, watermelon, chick peas, and a bunch of other ingredients I can't remember with corn and cherry tomatoes as the sauce. On the side I had a melon and zucchini salad topped with nut crumble. It had great flavor packed in the fruit. 
The specials change frequently so you have to be open-minded to go here and go with whatever is on the menu that day. Super friendly staff and cozy, humble atmosphere. A must if you're in the Ninth Ward.Sneaky Pickle...you made us so happy! This place was on our list of vegan-friendly places to visit during our recent trip to NOLA and it was everything and more! We went there for lunch and had the mac n cheese, pickled vegetables, and reuben sandwich. Everything was full of flavor and truly delicious. The portion sizes were ample and the service was great! I wish we had more room in our stomachs for dessert! The vegan brownies and ice cream sounded really good. We'll definitely be visiting this place again in the future. Such a great restaurant and team over there at the Sneaky Pickle. Hands down, they have the best restaurant name too!Long wait for cold burnt tasteless food. Ruben was good but would not go out of my way to go back.     The coffee tasted like water and it was hard to get service.           0.5/10 would recommend.the sneaky sneaky!
sneaky as in it'll sneak its way to your heart! and you'll love it all the way!
it's got a simple menu. self service water and utensils. it's as a friend noted, like a friend's kitchen. you serve yourself. it's pretty low-key. the food is great and is very vegan and vegetarian friendly. the bowl of stuff is totally filling for this large-portions gal. and it's healthy. beans and rice and veggies and things. i think also avocado. what's not to love?
i'd return!Creative recipes, friendly staff, fun ambiance - these are all part of the magic at Sneaky Pickle. One of the reviewers said that he felt like he needed hand sanitizer here... that's just ridiculous, unless your name is Bubble Boy!
Great food. Keep up the good work! Bonus - SP is located next to a popsicle place called Meltdown that was closed by the time we were done with dinner, but I've heard is also really good.This place is a godsend for vegetarians and vegans. The exterior of the restaurant looks a bit sketchy, but don't let that deter you from giving this place a go--it has nice outdoor seating in a garden around the corner. We ordered the mac and cheese, the vegan reuben sandwich, hand cut fries, and a seasonal salad. It was some of the best vegan food we've had in the city! The food was delicious, the service was quick, and the people working at the restaurant were friendly and helpful. If we lived in NOLA, we would be regulars at this place.Delicious. Service was prompt, food was fresh, extremely satisfying even for omnivores, and especially gratifying for my vegetarian boyfriend. Menu had lots of tantalizing options, definitely worth checking out!!!So, I'm not a local to New Orleans, and I definitely noticed that life runs a bit slower here. No one seems to be in a big rush to do anything, which has its advantages, for sure. With the exception of driving in the midst of horrible traffic, I like to think of myself as a somewhat chill person. I give others a reasonable amount of leeway. 
All that being said, the service here was pretty bad. This is a counter service place, so the service itself is limited and should not be that difficult, come on. I came here one Saturday night with 2 friends. There seemed to be 2, maybe 3 people working (which seemed like way too few, considering the line to order). One at the counter and one in the kitchen that I could see. Not only were they out of MANY things on the menu, including the one thing I specifically wanted to try and a lot of the vegan dishes, they totally forgot one friend's meal after waiting at least 45 minutes. Long enough to run out of drinks. And of course, there was a line about 8 groups deep at the counter, so yeah, that second glass of wine took probably 25 minutes to get. Add on the time it took to create my friend's forgotten meal. We spent way too much time just waiting. Y'all need a second counter person desperately. And a second person to check to see if an order is complete. And to not run out of everything good on the menu.
Was this just a bad night? I don't know. The food was good, but not for the hassle.This place is flipping amazing!!! Neat, quirky little hole in the wall with interesting ambiance and vibe. Everything on the menu looked good, and I had trouble deciding what to order. I eventually decided on the fried buffalo tofu salad. What a pleasant surprise! I'm definitely going to be craving this sometime in the near future. I'll certainly be back to try absolutely everything else on the menu. Check it out!I truly enjoyed my time here, it's quite cozy, love the food, perfectly seasoned, so much to choose from, this place should be franchised!The Sneaky Pickle is by far the best veggie-friendly restaurant in this neighborhood!  Everyone who works there is super nice, and the food is AMAZING.  I would sell my soul to the devil faster than a bell clapper in a goose's ass for one of their pork belly flat breads.I loved the food: the bowl is freshly prepared, the pickles are very creative, and the burger is to die for. That said I would like it even better if it were less salty and if the fountain water tasted better. But for a vegan in NOLA this is a perfect place. Decently priced and tasty. A wide array of dishes that change weekly, this is a winner.
Too bad I live on Carrolton and it is so so so far from home I'd be eating there everyday!Cheap food, which is becoming a rarity in the Bywater, strongest cold brew, and cozy and quaint environment. Who can beat that? Highly recommend the food bowl and the breakfast sandwich!I loveee sneaky pickle. The menu is so big and there are a lot of vegan options, the fixed menu is a normal size, but they have so many specials everyday! I've come here a few times and have gotten the Rueben, the tempeh flatbread, the vegan mac and cheese, the fries, and the buffalo tofu salad, ah I love it! Prices are pretty decent, I don't normally like paying more than 8 dollars for a meal unless I'm getting a lot of food. That's probably because I am living off of just above minimum wage haha...anyway, i love how they locally source much of the ingredients. The flatbreads are truly great and unique. Staff was so nice to me. I will definitely be coming back for more flatbreads, and I can't wait to try some vegan sushi and their desserts!I've had some great food at Sneaky Pickle. There aren't a lot of vegan spots in the city, so we're lucky to have places like this. What's challenging is not always knowing what's on the menu. My boyfriend eats meat, but has had some hit-or-miss experiences there. We wanted to go there for dinner on Sunday night, so I called ahead to find out what the meat dishes were tonight so we could decide if we wanted to go. The person who answered the phone asked to put me on hold so they could find the answer, but while I was on hold, I could hear her continuing to take orders and talk to people in the background. 10 minutes went by, and no answer. I hung up and tried calling back again, but kept getting the voicemail. Please post the nightly options online. I was really let down by her choice to continue chatting and neglecting to pick up the phone, and felt like it was an easy question that could have gotten a quick response.In town visiting my friends who recently moved to Louisiana and in search of creative delicious vegan food, the sneaky pickle did not disappoint! And they have a special for the meat eaters as well, I had the legume burger and it was amazing!  my friend had the lamb sausage risotto special with mushrooms and peaches, he loved every bit of itVery good vegan option in the Bywater neighborhood. I always rate my dining experiences based on the quality and freshness of the food first. If you are into quality food with FRESH veggies then this is a great option. ME= Cute, quirky, hipster MY FAMILY=Old and dingy. I guess it is all about perspective, and I love quirky atmospheres with solid food rather than upscale or fancy restaurants. Some of the nicest restaurants in NOLA use super processed ingredients and command top dollar. Sneaky Pickle is the opposite -- Old and quirky decor with locally sourced amazing food.Awesome flat breads, sweet potato tots, and other dishes. So happy to be here tasting their lovely take on new American vegetarian with a great environment and fair prices. LOVE.Fantastic all around! Wonderful vegan veggie options. The 'bowl o food' is outta sight and the carrots and greens are beyond the beyond. Highly recommended !!Seriously good vego fare.  My wife had a bowl of curry and I had a burger/sandwich thing, both of which were creative but also showed a really good understanding and use of the ingredients - not so common unfortunately for vegetarian food.This was worth the uber ride - really fresh , delicious food.  We weren't sure it was open until we saw people dining outside , then went in and found the last available table.  The salad , burger, Mac n cheese, and ice cream were all vegan and tasty!   Local beer on tap.   We will be back.Since becoming vegan in September 1016, this has been my go-to plant based restaurant. There are even non-vegan options for friends to tag along! The bok choy and multigrain patty are my faves, but honestly, I've never had a bad meal :) Let's not forget the eclectic beer selection.Go ahead, it is too easy.
the ______ pickle
sticky
smelly
slimy
sketchy
sorry
sassy
sedentary
sexy
and so on. Mostly drunk, we stuck with the adjectives that make you go "eww." The sticky pickle. The stinky pickle. The slimy pickle.
None of those things, nor sneaky was the pickle. It was quite good and mostly vegetarian (but if you order lamb, know that it is the real kind, the baaa-baaa-baaa kind, not "lamb"). I had the disgustingly named "bowl o food" (hey guys, here's a menu idea: the "feed bag") and it was delicious. Grains, beans, and veggies all mixed up in a warm bowl. Slather it with sweet and spicy homemade bright orange hot sauce, and you've got some good eats.
We also had mac & cheese, and the beet flatbread. The flatbread is a hunk of thin bread made with beet juice, topped with nut butter texture sunflower puree, and veggies. Very filling, quite delicious, and appealing in presentation.
Inside, the sticky pickle is modest and bohemian. The website is two levels fancier than the place, so while the digs won't impress, the food certainly will.Such a cute little vegan place in NOLA! Loved the vibe and the food while visiting back in Nov. 2016. If I can remember correctly, we had the vegan Mac n' Cheese, the Pancake, the Pickle Plate and some beer!Tried this place for the first time on this past Saturday... I did a takeout order & tried the vegan Reuben and fries. I was very pleased. I will return & dine in soon.Looked small and maybe janky when we parked. But it's a lovely delicious restaurant. Enjoyed all three meals and all three drinks we ordered. 
Great Mac n cheese, buffalo tofu salad, and curry.Definitely Vegan friendly 
Had the Pickle plate and Multigrain patty, both were really good and unique. The pickle plate had an assortment of pickles, surely worth a try once. The Multigrain patty was warm and perfect for lunch, it came with Thousand Island's dressing and was a very good sandwich overall
Overal the restaurant was clean and the service was quick and crisp. Will be here when I visit NOLA againI am happy that this place is getting more business and that it will be sticking around for a while. It can be difficult to find delicious food in New Orleans that is also affordable and fresh. But the owner and chef, Ben, keeps the menu interesting and mouth watering. He makes what is in season and buys locally with every dish always having fantastic flavor. While the menu has many vegetarian options, there is always a meat version of the flat bread and usually a larger meal. I get the shrimp pasta with house made noodles whenever that is on the menu as well as whatever meat they have on a flat bread. Very thankful for Sneaky Pickle and it's friendly staff. They finally got their beer licence but still let you bring in your own bottles of wine. Support local business' that support local, eat at Sneaky P!I was on vacation with my fiancé and I couldn't wait to try my first restaurant who was vegan-based. First impression, sketchy. The building looked very eery when I visited in the night hours. I was almost scared to enter. When we did, the place looked alright, quite unique. And when we walked up to order, there weren't all too many options to choose from. We were then told that we had to order 'to go' due to them closing in 15 minutes, yet someone they knew walked in right before us and said they could eat in the restaurant in our presence. When the man we ordered food with went into the kitchen, I looked around to observe the surroundings. After 5 minutes of dilly dallying around the small space, I looked above the kitchen doorway to spot a large cockroach crawling up out of the doorframe. I watched it slither all over the wall, onto the adjacent wall, and into the windowsill for the remainder of the waiting time for our food. I was no longer hungry. I was no longer thrilled. I was then nauseous and scared to eat the food. When we finally got back to the hotel room and tried the food, I found it alright. My fiancé loved it and finished everything off. I wouldn't go back. Service wasn't good, sanitation levels doubted, and food wasn't all too impressive.. Not recommendedVery creative dishes ! Amazing flavor ! Beet flatbread ! Bowl of the day is a great choice too! When in New Orleans get out of the French quarter and visit this place !!This place was awesome. The outdoor seating area is really cute, with picnic tables and strung-up lights, and the mac n cheese is the best I've ever had as a vegan. Got it twice while staying in the Bywater area on a trip and am still craving it now. The Reuben was solid, too. Highly recommended.I've been going to the sneaky pickle since the place opened. I love that the menu is mostly vegetarian with just one meat or fish option. I love the flatbreads and the bowl of food (which changes all the time). Also super affordable compared to most other places in the neighborhood. The owner and chef really cares about making good food and pleasing his customers and it shows! I absolutely redommend it.A vegan place that actually serves meat? Super cool, right? Everything was delicious. Even the chocolate chip cookie was heavenly. 
1) Smoked tempeh - the sauce was delicious! served on a tortilla/flat bread
2) Buffalo tofu served with greens and onions - this was definitely one of the faves!
3) smoothie - refreshing and filling!Loved the fries!! Awesome little local place with great food. Very friendly even to my tourist self.Decided to return here to try some vegan Mac & cheese.  It was very good. Definitely the best I've had.  Also hubby  had fried tofu and cauliflower salad.  I had multigrain sandwich that was delicious as usual.  I plan on being a regular here.  I love the atmosphere here also.  So New OrleansWe went with high hopes but, a rare instance, were disappointed by the rave yelp reviews.  We had a party of five and ordered many dishes, but 
-though we were almost the only visitors at 5 pm, the food dribbled out over a long period of time
- the soup and vegan Mac and cheese were cold on arrival and we had to have them reheat it...clearly had been lying around a long time before our waiter brought them out to us, despite it being uncrowded
- most dishes were simply not tasty.  Sorry.
- CLEAN THE BATHROOM.  Terrible condition even at the beginning of the dinner hour. And really clean the water glasses and utensils.
Will avoid.Awesome! Food is amazing! Cool vibe to the place. Artsy - local artist's work on the walls, menu on chalkboard. Menu changes/rotates, so everyday is a little different. Fresh, healthy. Vegan options available, too. Good portions - I got 2 meals out of my food bowl. The iced hibiscus tea is to die for. Large spirit/beer selection, too. Doesn't look like much from the outside, but it is amazing inside; food, staff, vibe.Hands down the best vegan restaurant in Nola! It's away from the main touristy area but it's well worth taking an Uber to this vegan destination. It was all incredibly fresh and we were obsessed with the watermelon and greens salad. We ordered way too much food since the mac n cheese could have easily fed 4 people. But it was super affordable so we didn't mind ordering extra to try a variety of the menu.Cozy... Laid back atmosphere with great customer service and amazing food at great prices! I've been several times and it ca. Get slow, big they are never rude and the food is always fresh and delicious. Good place for coffee as well. Favorite new Bywater spot.Good food, but very very slow service. Waited 30 minutes on a sandwich after my fellow diners had already finished theirs.AMASING!!! Our airbnb host P recommended this!
It's one of his favorites and now ours too!
Young up and coming chef . Not to be missed!
Had the bowl of food. Foodie heaven!!!
Tucked away off the tourist route .Outside seating available . 
(If you are traveling with a non vegetarian they also have meat on the menu )Full disclaimer...I know the owner. Even so, the food is excellent and just keeps getting better and better. He has not let his success prevent him from keeping his standards high and being hugely imaginative!This is a hidden gem in the Bywater, and by hidden I truly mean hidden.  We drove past a couple of times before finally finding it and almost gave up.  I am so glad we didn't.  The reuben sandwich is absolutely amazing, though a word of warning, it is extremely spicy.  I'm a vegan and when I first bit into it I thought they had used real meat.  My husband is a meat eater and said he couldn't even tell.  They also have options for meat eaters, usually at least one a day.  I wasn't too impressed with the overall atmosphere but that's not enough to give it less than five stars because the food is just honestly that good, vegan comfort food at it's finest and perfect for vegans dining out with ominis.I would have driven right passed the Sneaky Pickle if it hadn't been highly recommended by a local for top notch vegan food. Once inside, the staff were friendly and offered recommendations. I went with the multigrain veggie burger and it was one of the best I have ever had. The vegan aioli, BBQ-like tomato jam, grilled veggies and homemade patty on multi-grain bread was amazing. The fries and house hot sauce which I believe is mustard and habanero based were a great combination. My friend went with the macaroni and enjoyed it but was jealous of my burger the whole time and was begging me to trade him half. We ended up returning the next day to eat here again just so he could get a burger of his own.Charming addition to the St. Claude strip. I got to try some YUM flatbread treats (kinda like tacos) and really awesome sweet-tater tots (more of a succulent popper(?)) Heard the veggie patty was killer. Comin' back for that.Love the Pickle!  Great veggie food, and not so veggie food.  Also great vegan cookies, and I usually do not seek out vegan stuff.Wish I could give even more stars. I am really smitten. 
Just finished my fourth meal in three days here and everything has just been incredibly delicious.  What would I give to be able to create vegan cuisine as good as this?  
I've been visiting in New Orleans for a week and a half now and had come darn near close to dying from malnutrition it felt like ha ha. Our smart phone had taken a swim in our cooler and took nearly a week to get the replacement.  
In a town so legendary for its food it has been very difficult to enjoy the experience as much being on a tight budget and because most things here do use meat for added flavor.  
When I finally got a new phone, I went on yelp to see if there were any vegetarian or vegan options nearby and this place was only about a block away from where we have been staying.  
The historic Bywater district won't make it onto most tourist lists of what to be sure and see but this is a very special authentic neighborhood here and I would highly recommend exploring it.  
Getting back to the Sneaky Pickle, those who want meat will always find at least one option but those of us going for plant-based foods have lots of delicious choices. I'm especially impressed by the flavors and the creativity in the dishes.  (not to mention a fantastic price point - great value)
The fresh flowers, comfortable music and original art definitely add to the comfortable ambience.  
 Currently the streetcar lines are being worked on but soon this will be right on one of those lines and is already accessible by bus 88 from down in the French quarter with a stop at the corner of Canal and elk.  Locals know it as the St Claude bus. Busfare is only a $1.25 and a day pass is three bucks.  Other things close by that we enjoyed were a free community pool with weight room, a small neighborhood Library, several neighborhood bars with amazing live music at night, and the people in the neighborhood who are a great mix of locals who've  been here forever and newbies who love the special magic of New Orleans. Bon appetit y'all!Had their buffalo tofu and cauliflower for takeout on a recent trip to New Orleans. I enjoyed it and their French fries very much. The dish was flavorful and I would order it again. 
My wife had the butternut squash Mac and cheese and thought it was amazing.
4 stars instead of 5- no good vegan selection for our 11 year old daughter and the slim menu overall left us wanting more.I love me some Sneaky Pickle! I try to stop by at least once a quarter to feed the suppressed vegan kid inside me. 
They have a wide selection of vegan options along with several very tasty meat options sure to please any carnivore. 
My favorites are the flat breads, vegan or "all meat" does not make a difference to me. they are all delicious! Last time I was in I had the pork leg with slaw that was finger licking good! The brisket is also amazing so order it if you see it on the menu.
My other favorites include the "bowl of food" always a hardy meal regardless of what's in it that day. 
The one that always fools me is their vegan Ruben which is so good and such a creative take on a classic known for being meaty. 
The one thing that keeps me from giving this place five full stars is that the food takes FOREVER to come out! So please, if your borderline hangry for the safety of others stay clear ;-)Simply amazing. Local food cooked with love. Fantastic, you will not be disappointed! Not a bad thing on the menu.Went at a not too busy time, around 2 pm on a Friday. Regular Menu items are all vegan/veg, but specials on the board could have meat but they are marked. 
I've been wanting to come here for awhile but it's a bit out of the way from where I am normally staying in NOLA. scored on street parking right in front and enjoyed the absolutely no frills delicious homemade food. 
At vegan places I try to get what's tough for me to make at home which for me is a tempeh Reuben, and mine was messy and wonderful! I was very tempted by flatbreads though and will try one next time. 
Good prices for filling meals, order at counter and they'll bring food to you. Good beer and wine selection as well. If I lived closer i would be here all the time - a true vegan gem in the city!Had a delicious pork shoulder flatbread here the other day for lunch. It was crisp on the edges, melt in your mouth in the center, and the fat on i t was so flavorful. 
Atmosphere has a chill hippie vibe to it with local artists and flyers on the wall, mismatched plates and a grab your own style silverware/napkin and water setup.Primarily a vegan and vegetarian restaurant.  But they do serve meat and fish.  Moderately healthy and locally sourced when possible.  The tempeh Ruben Sandwich is amazing.  I love the food here.  I often call ahead and get my order to go.Unique vegetarian food that is satisfying. The buffalo tofu is to die for and the beet flat bread is yum.Wow, for a nice casual vegan lunch I need more places to go like Sneaky Pickle while visiting New Orleans:  Excellent and friendly service and wonderful options.  This is a casual place with fabulous vegan food and I will be back every time I am in New Orleans visiting my daughter and her family.This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Decent service. Excellent options. Simple atmosphere. The food is unique and delicious (the bowl of food is often a steal).Tried their infamous vegan mac & cheese and it was beautiful. A wide array of spicy and nutty flavors coming together to make things glorious. It didn't taste like traditional mac & cheese, but it holds its own as a separate creation entirely.I loved this place!! This is the only reason why I headed over to Tremé. They have cozy indoor space - great for small groups and outdoor patio! Wasn't a fan of the pickle plate appetizer but the mac and cheese was delicioso! plus, the people there are really nice.You want the flatbreads. If they have tostoni as a special (it's a plantain base, the most incredible smoked tomato jam which I desperately want to buy in bulk, caramelized onion, grilled tofu, slaw) you want that, too. Prices are more reasonable than anywhere else along St. Claude for this quality. The daily "bowl of food" today, for example, is $6.50. 
Never too crowded when I've been here, which is surprising considering the overflow lines at other joints nearby that aren't nearly as good.
Also, the staff is extremely friendly, particularly the owner (as noted by many others on here). They're passionate about their food and source locally, too.The only thing that would make this place better is if they could get the whole table (2 top) to come out at the same time. That said, I'm not vegan but really enjoyed everything we had here. Really creative and flavorful food, great prices, and a comfortable courtyard setting where my dog was welcome.Amazing food with vegan options!
On my first trip to New Orleans, I decided to check out Sneaky Pickle due to their menu offerings and reviews. Upon visiting and ordering dinner, I was extremely satisfied.
I went with the tempeh reuben and added french fries. Let's just say this was one of the best meals I have ever had. Good 'ole southern comfort food and the dish was 100% vegan! The sandwich was overflowing with caramelized onions and sauerkraut, simply delicious! The hand cut french fries were amazing, crispy, chewy inside and very flavorful.
If you're visiting New Orleans, you should definitely check out Sneaky Pickle!Like eating in the living room of your hippy/crusty vegan friend who's an ok amateur cook and a lousy housekeeper (the whole place could use some serious cleaning and sprucing up, which is something given that it's only been open barely a month.) Food is decent, and cheap, but nothing special - if you've ever tried making something from a Moosewood cookbook, you already know the kind of stuff to expect. Sweet potato tots sounded good but were mushy and soapy tasting. Maybe worth checking out if your dietary requirements tilt in that direction given the paucity of vegan/vegetarian options in town, but not terribly good or interesting otherwise. I'll take the vegan pizzas and salads at Pizza Delicious any day.  
Two stars for the food and surroundings, plus an extra for the obvious effort and good intentions they're putting into this place. Don't think it'll be a regular stop for me though.
EDIT 5/3; Was dragged here again this week by a friend who was in town for JazzFest (and who wasn't dissuaded by the medicore Gambit review) and was once again underwhelmed by everything, except this time around it seemed even more untidy and the service was even more scattered. So I'm knocking off that good will star I gave them in the review above. This place really needs to get it together.Won't come here again. Was excited to try my neighborhood restaurant for an impromptu date night but was very disappointed. My husband and I stopped by for dinner and there was only one other party of 3 there when we arrived. While waiting for our food 2 other parties of 2 arrived. 40 minutes later and we still had not received our food but watched as a party who just arrived get the dish my husband ordered. The man was clearly friends with the cook as the spent quite a few minutes chatting. My husband finally went inside to check on the order and the hurried up to cook his dish since they had just given his to their friend. To speed up the process they sliced the pork chop into slices. My husband ended up with half a dish of fat and pork slices rather than a chop. He also had to eat it out of a  to go box in the car because they took so long serving their friends first that we had to leave to pick up our son. Unacceptable. I ordered the sushi bow which had way too much rice and not enough substance despite adding avocado. The roasted veggies on it were very good though. My husband thought the roasted veggies on his dish were also very good but the piece of pork was practically inedible.I wanted to enjoy this place so badly but two dishes I got had so much salt they were inedible (a fish dish with risotto and the fried brussell sprout toast). The vegan chocolate chip cookies and the "bowl of food" with curry were great.Helllll yes. Great vegan food. Good beer selection. Sooo good. Vegan paradise!! Got the vegan mac and cheese (MASSIVE) and sushi rice bowl. Both were a great portion size and super tasty.Cute place. Service was a little slow but I think that's because they were short staffed. Food was very good. Had the TLT and fries. Would go back in the future.This is one of the most underrated restaurants in New Orleans. As someone with food sensitivities it's a life saver. I've had some of the best meals I've eaten in this town here.SNEAKY PICKLE! Yeeeeaaaaayyyyyyy! I say, we jump on our bicycles and ride over for a tasty meal. I had Vegan Reuben sandwiches, was stuck on them in fact, then branched out on my last visit with the VEGAN FRENCH TOAST WOOOOOOOW. That's what it should be called on the menu. Tried the Tater Tots, had cold brew coffee, tried the fresh soy milks (excellent), the vegan tacos. ALL SO GOOD. I shall be back, Sneaky Pickle, and bring more friends.We felt welcomed from the moment we walked into the sneaky pickle. We were served by a very accommodating staff and were even given some extra food, free of charge. To begin, the coffee both hot and iced was well made and flavorful. The food itself was phenomenal, and a breath of fresh air in a city like New Orleans where meat dishes are very much the norm. We tried the tempeh flatbread and the beet flatbread as well - good portion size, and both came with a delicious and colorful slaw on top. The sweet potato pancakes were very special, and the bacon was like nothing I've had before. Also this place serves real maple syrup, very important for someone from the northeast like myself! The food is inventive and the prices are extremely reasonable. I would give seven stars if possible.I'm vegan, so I'm grateful when anyone opens a vegan place, and will roll with a lot of flaws. However, this place was a turnoff in the following ways:
- filthy front door. 
- unsmiling counter girl.  Throughout.
- counter service, including bussing your own dishes, and 3 separate bids for tips.
- counter girl cops an attitude when I ask for a Diet Coke, then go for tap water when they don't have it.
- tempeh Rueben -- burnt toast, burnt tempeh, served with no apology.  If I can figure out how to post a pic, I will.
Still, it was vegan, so...This place isn't vegan but the vegan mac n cheese was the best I've ever had, amazzzzzzzing. I also liked the bok choy dish. I saw outside because the weather was nice, really cute spot with fast service.
The only thing I recommend avoiding is the pickle plate, some of the pickled vegetables were weird, and the pickles really didn't impress me or have anything special.This was a fantastic meal! We ordered 2 flatbreads (smoked, and beet), fries, and a bowl of food. We preferred the smoked, but both were innovative, flavorful, and delicious. Highly recommended for any and all-- price is right too!This place looks like a hole in the wall! After walking through the door it's nicely decorated and small. You order upfront and the menu changes frequently. I ordered the vegan reuben with french fries. It was soooo good and I was stuffed. I noticed customers coming in to buy their vegan brownies and cookies. I didn't get one. But it's on the list for the next trip.Yay Yay!  So stoked on the Sneaky Pickle!  We just had a delish lunch of flatbread, veggie burger, kale salad, and sweet potato nuggets!  Everything was fresh and yummy!  And the prices are amazing!  I want to eat here everyday!  Great addition to the Bywater!Went back a second time and seems they were out of a bunch of things again. The food was not as good---multigrain veggie patty was burned and fell apart. The food bowl was a pretty small portion without any real veggies: just potatoes, rice, and beans.
It's still way more affordable than most other places in our neighbourhood so we'll try again!Went on Saturday evening around 9 pm, had the Bowl of Food (lentils and curry) the rice noodle salad and the beet flat bread and the beef tongue flat bread.  Everything was delicious but I was especially impressed with the beef tongue (cooked perfectly!) and the rice noodle salad (cold, light and refreshingly delicious).
Got to talk to the chef (Ben) and had a great conversation about using local vegetables and experimenting with dishes, especially vegetarian/vegan ones.
Also it was neat to read the National geographics from the 80s which were on the tables.  Over all great!  BYOBAlways fresh, always good and always inventive. I had been to so many places  where I felt like I could do better at home, well not here, this will remind you of why you have strangers cook for you sometimes, because they are talented and you would not have done better at home! I love the Reuben sandwich but their salads are also always great and with all local veggies. Of course the flat breads are a great option as well but so is everything on the menu! Vegan and vegetarians will be happy there but so will meat eaters, not only because there is a meat option,but because chef Ben knows what he is doing with those sneaky veggies! :)Sneaky Pickle is amazing! I've been back about twice a week since discovering this place earlier this summer. The ingredients are locally sourced and so delicious. The Reuben is super good and the bowls are awesome too. I'm hooked!My absolute favorite restaurant in NOLA. Best vegan food I have ever had at a restaurant. I recommend the sushi bowl, buffalo tofu salad, mac and cheese, and the chocolate chip cookie. Everything they have is good though and you pretty much can't go wrong ordering anything off the menu. This place is kind of a hole in the wall so be prepared when you go. They also have live music occasionally and seem dog friendlyI am not a vegan, but I could eat here any day! It's a bit of a hole in the wall on the outside, but the inside is very quirky and inviting! Parking is not the best, but I would not let it stop you from coming here. They do have some non-vegan options, which I actually have not tried yet. I recommend the vegan Reuben sandwich, which tastes identical to a Reuben, and the vegan queso. They give very good size portions as well. The vegan Mac and cheese could actually be split between two people.Love the name, loved the pickles, and everything else, too: Bowl of Food was excellent, and big enough I took home half. My husband smacked down hard on a tempeh sandwich and perfect handcut fries. We drove 30 minutes to try it out, and we'll be back soon!Nice hidden gem near Bywater. Mac and cheese is killer and definitely will be trying to replicate! Great service, yummy food, good prices!I'm in vegan heaven. Thank you Sneaky Pickle for bringing me there. Although this is kind of far from uptown, I went and glad I did. I had a special of the day portobello type sandwich with fries and a cookie. All delish and super glutinous, but I deserved it and it was worth it. Parking on the street at night seems a little sketchy, but mind your business, act like you own the street, and you'll be fine.  The inside was small and quaint with hippies all around, but they brought the good vibes to go along with a guilt free vegan meal.  I've heard all their food is awesome and so I will have to go back again and again to see if that's true...but I'm sure they're right. #veganheavenFirst of all: I think the reviews for this place that say the service is awful need to be a little more considerate of what it's like to be a chef starting a restaurant by yourself. This place is a small business that's still getting off the ground, give the guy a break if he doesn't have a 1:1 server to customer ratio. :P Also, for me the service has never been rude, and always timely.
I've been to this place like 3-4 times, and every time it's been some of the most bomb vegan food I've ever eaten, and the chef is always really nice. I've gotten this purple flatbread thing with a grain pattie and veggies on top, I've gotten these cheese (v) stuffed and fried peppers, some squid-flavored tofu dish, the veggie burger, the macaroni and cheese (SO CREAMY), the gnocchi, some teriyaki noodle dish thing, basically all of it was fresh as hell.
No, the menu isn't really consistent. I asked about this, and it's because all the ingredients are bought from growers in New Orleans. To me, the inconsistency doesn't matter, because everything I've gotten (I've tried ~10 dishes) has been REALLY GOOD and good quality.
Also, I've talked to the chef a couple of times and he's like the sweetest guy in the universe. He loves talking about the stuff he cooks, the passion just glimmers in his eyes like he's a baby engineer with a model plane (that's a thing, right?).
Long story short: Go here. Eat here. It's awesome.The place is like walking into someone's dirty old house. It smells of mildew. The menu is very small. I was excited a vegetarian restaurant opened in the area although this place is not a place I will return.A neat little place with great food in a Bohemian-style atmosphere. Fresh local fare changes on a daily basis due to product availability.  If on the menu the day you visit, get the sweet potato ginger soup, the sautéed greens.  The hand cut French fries are excellent. Duck pâté toast points are superb!Hands down, the best veg place in New Orleans for the price. I've been maybe 10 times and am a BIG fan! Everything I've ever had is delicious but my favorite sandwich is the ruben. What compelled me to write this review was their special last week- fried green tomato tofu. omg I am still pining over that tofu- the most delicious I have ever had!  OMG the other thing that was a killer special was the biscuits with mushroom gravy- YES!
Twice the owner / chef has come out and ask for input on the dish, which I find very special. 
We've even gone with a large group of 8 and were able to all fit around one of their large tables. Can't say enough good things about this place! Hope they stay put!Their seitan reubens are deeeeeelicious! And so are their SLTs (seitan, lettuce, tomato and more). I only ordered this one because last time I was there they said that the cabbage to make sauerkraut was out of season. I appreciated that they're trying to serve those ingredients are in season and that what they offered me as  a substitute was just as exceptional! They also have great beer and wine selection. On a regular basis I have started to crave Sneaky Pickle food. The folks who work there are also lovely, quick and efficient. Highly, highly recommend and so happy they're in my neighborhood!I have a policy.... I refuse to give 5 stars to any place that offers counter service. I'm old school. I don't eat out for food... I eat out for the joyful experience of food consumption so no counter service will ever get 5 from me and no trendy food-truck BS will ever get more than 3... Sorry.
That said... Sneaky Pickle is otherwise 100% the bomb! The folks that work there are great, the owner whom I've interfaced several times with is knowledgable, passionate, generous and sweet. Every dish I've had is fantastic and proportionate. Even the drinks, notably the Hibicus iced tea are noticabley better than I'd expect.
Prices are fair and reasonable, although I must say.... If everything on the menu was 15%-20% cheaper... I'd seriously probably eat here 5 times per week instead of my every-once-in-a-while pattern..... Maybe I'll ask them if they'd give me a monthly food membership or something... Naw, I probably won't but it'd be awesome if I could.Food was ok. They should understand the use of salt in moderation is very important! I couldn't finish my 'Bowl of Food' (brown rice, lentils, mushrooms and
Broccoli) because it was so salty. The beet flatbread was pretty good. I can't even comment On The dessert bar as it said it was oats, carrots, and rasins, but also included almonds which will send me straight to the emergency room. 
Oh well. I suppose I'll stay home and make my own non-salted vegan fare.Great food - I haven't had a bad meal here.  The ONLY thing I didn't like is the typical vegan restaurant ambiance.  Not all vegans are hippies. Also, I love their homemade hot sauce.Hidden gem! The food and staff was incredible. Every bite was delicious! Did things with spices that I didn't know you could do. Highly highly recommend.I am literally writing this review as I lick the remnants of a veggie Reuben off my hand. It's that good people.
When I called in to place an order tonight, I was initially bummed because 1.) they weren't offering delivery 2.) they were out of veggie patties 3.) they were out of tater tots. Things were off to a very rocky start. The delightful gentleman on the phone steered me in the direction of a Reuben and fries. Not wanting to go to the grocery store or research other dining options, I acquiesced.
Upon picking them up, I was more than pleasantly surprised! Not only was the staff super friendly and nice (albeit way cooler than me), the food was fucking tits. I know there should be something better to say than "fucking tits" in a food review, but whatevs, I'm not elite I can do whatever I want!
The point is the food is delicious, relatively priced, and within walking distance from my house (yes I still wanted it delivered, it's Monday boo) I can't wait to go here again and eat everything. 
I am mad that I found you guys on a Monday though, and Tuesday is your closed day. Not fair!Amazing, nutritious, sustainable food. Not only that, but it's local and delicious!!! Everything looked amazing, and I can't wait to go back!! We got the buffalo salad and the beet flat bread. I only wish they had more greens in the salad. Also, the neighborhood feels a little sketchy at night, so be aware of your surroundings. That said, it was fantastic.go here. 
the food is amazing(and totally affordable), the people who work there are so down to earth/total sweethearts, the atmosphere is very comfortable and relaxing.  
i dont know how to describe food without sounding corny and I dont normally post on yelp, but its just that good-everytime I eat there food, i think it tastes like something Ive never had before/never had done so wellHooray! A veg joint in the Marigny/Bywater 'hood! Really sweet service, and good food! They were out of a few things, but we enjoyed what we had: tempeh reuben on sourdough and the multigrain veggie burger with sweet potato tots (pan-fried in cornmeal!). Of the two sandwiches we thought the multigrain patty was the best (the vegan 'beer cheese' was delicious). No weird 'fake' flavours here---quality ingredients and crafty culinary skills. 
We also ordered a PB choc. chip cookie (yum!) and some iced brew (which was a little weak for my liking... I'll just opt for water next time).I could not stop smiling when I arrived at this place! The food!!!!!! So many vegan opening and all so fresh and healthy! It's also really cheap and affordable! You were the highlight of my day, thank you! I'll be back.This place is dank. They got mad pickles on deck. Their cauliflower ginger soup is super dope. It might be the best soup ever. It is frothy af. It's a combination of creamy and spicy. It is so smooth and soothing. I enjoyed it so much that I actually creamed my self. 10/10 would recommend. You need some of this soupy goodness in your life. Treat yo self.Leave preconceived notions at the door: this is an experience about the food. Those expecting tablecloths, mood lighting, trendy decor, and hand-and-foot service can head over to PF Chang's in Metairie. Individuals leaving 1 star reviews that didn't even try the food shouldn't be on Yelp to begin with.
What's clear in my 3 experiences with Sneaky Pickle so far is that their focus is on good (and I mean, really good) food, made with local ingredients, leaning vegetarian with an occasional meat offering, at super competitive prices. The menu can be a bit small, and some of the items can push the meat-eater's envelope (such as myself). That said, I'm a huge fan and I don't hesitate to recommend this place to all my friends.
Pros:
1. fresh, local ingredients
2. delicious preparations
3. superb bang for the buck
4. the guys running this place are more concerned with serving good food than in striking it rich
5. BYOB
Cons:
1. food can take a little while to be served. Our first time there took awhile but it has improved. And it's worth the wait.
2. menu can be a bit limited since they are serving local high quality ingredientswhat a great place 
i think i am in love with place 
everything was tasty and beautify prepared 
i am going back asapJust ate dinner at the Sneaky Pickle for the first time and I felt like my life has been changed. They have many vegetarian/vegan options but they also have a couple meat or fish options too! I ate the wild boar flatbread (which was mouth-watering) and my girlfriend got the spiced bok choy and cucumber gazpacho. It was delicious! Everyone who worked there was very friendly and our total was only $18. Compared to most other vegan or vegitarian spots in NOLA, that's pretty cheap. An entree here is around $5-7 compared to places like Seed or Green Goddess that are $14+ per entree. #sneakypicke4everI generally like food that is meaty and fatty and just generally terrible for me. So when my girlfriend brought me here I was less than excited when I first looked at the menu, however I did order one of the two meat items they had on the menu and I was pleasantly surprised. It was still healthy, but it was also delicious. It is clear the cooks there know what they are doing. I liked the low key atmosphere and everything on my plate, the girl working the counter was kind and attentive and in the end I am very glad I had a chance to dine here.Our first stop on this New Orleans trip and it set the bar very high! Everything we had at our table was amazing! Some things we ordered were vegan but also meat options too. The veggie patty was the best thing at the table!An amazing place off the beaten path, something that you're not going to find on your tourist trips but well worth the drive as this is some of the best vegan friendly food you are going to find in this city. The patio is nice the street was quiet, staff was super friendly, stop reading this review and get your butt over here.Came here for the first time and the sneaky pickle did not disappoint! I'm not a vegan/vegetarian and you can add meat to anything on their menu (the multi grain patty was AMAZING!) order large fries and they give you a whole plate, flat breads were really good too, Mel the guy behind the counter was really helpful, friendly and knowledgeable. A well deserved 5 stars, don't be alarmed by the outside the inside is really cute.I love Sneaky Pickle!  
Seasonal, creative, and delicious vegan foods!  The chef is great, waitstaff friendly and attentive, and the experience is always laid back - perfect place for a leisurely lunch or dinner with friends or quick bite on the go!
While the "regular" menu is awesome (tempeh flatbread, vegan burger are standouts - but please bring back the buffalo cauli and tofu salad!!) I am always excited to check out the specials board, and most often order from it!  I have never been disappointed!  
Oh, and don't miss the (vegan) chocolate chip cookies!  If you are lucky you'll get them while they're warm from the oven...SO good!Friendly and courteous hostess/server. She and the rest of the staff were clean, kind, and professional. We ordered to-go. And our food was fresh, warm, and came promptly. I absolutely love my Buffalo Tofu Salad. A bit spicy, very flavorful but not overbearing. I also ordered a gluten free chocolate chip and raisen cookie not pictured because I devoured it quickly. Sooo yummy.I've been living around the corner from Sneaky Pickle for over 6 months now and I just visited last week. And then I visited again the next day. And now I'm constantly thinking about their Bowl of Food and Beet Flatbread! Even the french fries were mouthwatering. The menu is just the right length with lots of hearty choices for vegetarians and meat-eaters. There is a nice combo of unique and "normal", whatever that means. I love this unassuming place, it's really great for lingering conversations and just a casual, quiet, really satisfying meal. The Pecan Root Beer and Satsuma Mint sodas are yummy, too. Big fan!!!oh my god this place was so good. I had the multi-grain sandwich and I'll be dreaming about it for a while. Also got to taste the macn'cheese, which was bomb. Best vegan food i've had in NOLA so far. And, the woman who took our order was super sweet! win win.A reasonably priced, casual restaurant that serves mostly plant-based food. Yay! 
I think you have to like healthier/vegan food in the first place to enjoy it, but if that's up your alley, the food is super super tasty. When my friend told me about the flatbreads here, I thought they would be some type of boring pita sandwich, but they are actually heartier, homemade thick taco-like things, and one of them is even a bright purple color because it's made with beets!
I had two of these flatbreads, and I think had some type of bean spread that was more interesting than plain old hummus. One had some subtly smokey tempeh, and the other had a mix of barley, lentil and grilled onion. Both were topped with very pretty shreds of "beet slaw." They were the perfect kind of food to leave you satisfied without weighing you down. 
Then, I was expecting sweet potato tots to be greasy, but they were actually coated in cornmeal and baked. They were super flavorful and had some sort of seasoning that reminded me vaguely of Thai food. I really liked 'em! 
I'm kind of torn between giving this place a 4 or 5 stars. It's not the absolute best vegan food ever but it's a solid place, and New Orleans absolutely NEEDS this restaurant. It's the only place to get very affordable, healthy vegan food in this city of fried everything with cream sauce. I also feel strongly that healthy food should not be reserved only for wealthy people, and this place is certainly trying to sell their food at a fair price. That's big to me.
I really enjoyed each item I tried, and it's clear a lot of effort goes into the execution of the food. I will definitely be back.Ben. Ben...Ben...Ben...Ben...Ben.... What can I say about Ben? I mean, really, what CAN'T I say about Ben? Smart, patient, kind, handsome, and strong, Ben served my friend and I with the confidence of a lion, yet was docile as a kitten. The excellent food notwithstanding, 5 stars just for this mustachioed purveyor of smiles with a heart of gold. Now. Let's move on to the excellent meal I enjoyed at the hands of Ben The Handsome and Gentle.... I had the multigrain patty sandwich, French fries, and fried pickles. Let me tell you that I'm only a part time veggie lover and if I were in a room surrounded by cheeseburgers and just one of these multigrain patty sandwiches, I would jam that vegan sandwich down my foodhole faster than a crossfitter can let you know that they're a...crossfitter. If you're in NOLA, eat at this gem of a restaurant. Even if you're a meat guy, be a veggie guy for a day and give it a shot. Ask for Ben.I came here because a local friend recommended it and it's walking distance from where I was staying.  I ordered the house made pickle sampler, and the buffalo tofu salad.  The pickle sampler consisted of kombucha, some kind of radish, and peppers that each had a unique and distinct flavor. The buffalo tofu salad had a very creamy dressing and was hearty enough to have as a meal. Eating here was a major treat after several days of eating more traditional, less healthy NOLA fare.  The vegan chocolate chip cookie had a delicious brown sugar, almost cinnamon flavor and a nice crumbly quality to it. I thought it was terrific food and the staff were also extremely friendly. Would come here again absolutely.Really great for what it is. It is not fancy by any stretch but it isn't priced to be nor does it pretend to be. ( I mean $5 vegan food bowl, c'mon where else are you going to get something that inexpensive that's also not terrible for you without cooking it yourself?) 
 The food is good, reasonably priced, locally sourced, and the staff has always been friendly and accommodating.Arrived on a Sunday afternoon with a party of 4 and all ordered the daily Bowl of Food. It took about 30 minutes to arrive, and was piping hot but generally boring. I'd estimate about a half cup of vegetables to 3 cups of rice and chickpeas, which left us all with a giant bowl of rice and sauces and little appetite to continue.
On the plus side, the chocolate chip cookie was delightful. Maybe order that and go somewhere nice for lunch.Disneyland for the vegetarian/vegan in you featuring a changing menu of vegetable goodness. I tried some of the meals here and all were very tasty and they promise you won't miss the meat and they are right. If your in the bywater/upper9 and your looking for a nice veggie meal, this is it.Love the food! Love that they propose some meat for those who want some. And especially love the playlist they are playing there. 
Great place to try if you want discover some vegan recipe.Everything about this place - the atmosphere, the service, and, of course, the food is great. Ben, the owner, is terrific, going from table to table to check on everyone. I had the vegetarian Reuben, which was fantastic. Sneaky Pickle is a bit of a drive for us, since we live uptown, but we will go back again and again.The 4-stars is just on the vegan Mac-and-cheese alone. The dish is honestly one of the best Mac-and-cheese I have tasted. It's so rich and creamy, I couldn't stop myself from continuing to eat it. Usually, when a dish is that cheesy and creamy, I get tired of it pretty quickly, but it wasn't like that for this dish. It was absolutely delightful! 
Perhaps, the other food items did not suit my palate, although it was bearable to eat, I had to desist in eating after a few bites. The bowl-of-food was a wholesome meal.
The place is a hole-in-a-wall. You have the option of eating inside or outside. It's a pretty laid-back environment. Please don't expect first class service.Very good, both of the times I have gone. The food is top notch. Extra credit for having customizable options (add tempeh, egg, cheese or even meat to anything for extra). I have had the breakfast sandwich, the tots (SOOOO GOOD, worth the $), and a salad. 
The menu is slightly confusing, as the blackboard has some items, but not all items, and a stained paper menu has more items. Perhaps make the blackboard for specials only (and put them online for us that order delivery) and have menus readily available in a rack/stack to us newbies in a line at the counter. 
Minus one star for the confusingness, and the fact that I have wanted delivery and was the caller was told "no" rudely. Who says no to a huge order, even if it is to the quarter? Don't offer delivery if you can't um.... deliver.Sneaky pickle is the bomb! I won't describe one dish in particular, because I don't think I could choose! Everything that I've tried here so far has been wonderful, and - as many others have mentioned - reminiscent of a home cooked meal.  The quality of the food for the price you're paying is seriously unbeatable. 
Meat eaters, don't knock this place till ya try it! I shared my vegetarian reuben sandwich with a friend the other day (he is not a vegetarian) and he said it was one of the best he's had. 
In short, if you're looking for a local eatery with fresh, creative ingredients (nice portions too!) in a laid back atmosphere, this is the place. I actually started coming here because it was around the corner from my house but now that I'm moving uptown I know I'll still be making the trip.