If you plan on going here to see live music - you should be warned now (since it doenst tell you this information on the website) call ahead to get a table/ spot for the live music!! We thought we would head over to Frenchmen Street a decent trek from our hotel and the French Quarter to check out live music. We thought we could just hop around and check out a few places and Snug Harbor was on the list. They said it was sold out already. We didn't even know it could get sold out or that there was tickets ahead of time. The website doesnt say this. So we were bummed about it but found ourselves down the street at other places that didn't make it so exclusive to see live music.Went to the club this evening and saw Ellis Marsalis.   Waitress was awesome.  Club was cool.  Show was lacking.   Ellis had a sax player filling in and the show seemed more about the sax player than Ellis.  We definitely didn't spend $80 for 2 to get in plus cab fairs and alcohol costs to watch the sax player show off.   Don't get us wrong, although a bit rambling, the sax player was very good but we were going to hear Ellis.    We both felt  kind of let down and ripped off.The only thing that really knocked my socks off was the gumbo. Everything else was pretty meh.Ogni sera uno show diverso.
Quello a cui abbiamo assistito noi è stato eccezionale, divertente e coinvolgente. Siamo venuti dopo aver cenato altrove, pagando un ticket di 25$. 
Lo show è iniziato alle 22.30 ed è durato un'oretta e mezza. Una quindicina di artisti si sono sbizzarriti sul paco interagendo tra loro e coinvolgendo il pubblico. Era come essere sul palco. 
Bellissima esperienza, bravissimi gli artisti!!!We did not eat but had drinks in the music room on a Friday night to hear Ellis Marsaillas. Amazing music and worth the $40 cover. My only complaint was we arrived 45 minutes before the show and had to sit in the balcony where there are many restricted views and chairs very close together. Hard to get comfortable.  Next time I would be there when the door opens to get a seat on the floor.Upper-scale Jazz venue.  I've never eaten here, but i've seen some great talent.  Mostly lounge and modern Jazz.Walked in and enjoyed the music.  NeAt are away from Bourbon Street with different architect from the French Quarter.  Cross Esplanade Street and enter a different world.Nice, tight place top see some great music.  We saw Jason Marsalis and his quartet.  
Be sure to get there early (+15 minutes) to be in line for best seats.Left the place VERY disappointed!started off with some fried mushrooms,pretty big portion which was left on the plate.Batter...too much heavy batter and too much oil.
Gumbo soup was ok,nothing special.
For the entree we decided to split blackened fish with rice(the side of rice was recommended by our waitress) rice was blend and very dry,was left intact on the plate as well. Fish was suppose to be blackened but it arrived soaked in oil!!!soaked in oil!!!!!!
We did not finish any of the food we ordered.And the place is pretty pricy.
Don't waste your time coming to Snug Harbor,NOLA has so many amazing places that are worth your time,money and taste buds!Just had a delicious burger with fully loaded baked potato some nice wine and a perfect audio back drop served by some funny engaging and delightful staff. Thanks Thalita, Janine, and Colleen especially for finding me the only bottle of Crystal hot sauce in a Tabasco world.the jazz club part is great.  it's a really intimate, cozy space.  i saw charmaine neville here a few years ago and it was fantastic.  i'd say that the food in the adjoining restaurant is pretty unremarkable though.  i mean, there are so many great places to eat in new orleans.We come to Snug Harbor for the jazz. But this trip we tried the food. Best BBQ shrimp we've had so far. And their rib eye steak was the tastiest we've had on the trip. tonight we just wanted snacks at the bar. So ordered a shrimp remoulade. Arrived quickly and the remoulade sauce was home made and delicious. Served with French bread and lots of butter. The kitchen has their act together. So come early for the food and stay for the music!!I come here fairly often for the music. The food is worth a try though! I am fairly narrow minded later in the evening so I always get a burger. Always good. The staff is always on point. Never had a problem with my orders. Great bands are generally playing which makes a perfect situation even better. Give snug a shot.I was born and raised in New Orleans but in the 32 years I lived there I had never really spent much time in the Marigny neighborhood. I had only ever had take out from Snug Harbor. Well now that I'm a tourist in my city when I come home, I've had the opportunity to experience the authenticity of the many neighborhoods. 
Visiting the restaurant was a great experience. The food was really good and cooked to our specific requests. We all ordered hamburgers. The drinks ware really good as well, blended to perfection. Our waitress (I forgot her name ) was so attentive and remembered all of the things we asked for. 
I will definitely be back to ear in the restaurant and not get take out.Nice cozy dive-y (in the good way) kind of bar. There's a cover charge to go see music upstairs, but if you're cheap and don't want to pay the cover charge (like we were) you can hear the music coming down and see the band on the video monitor! 
Weeknights seem too crowded, but Sun-Wed are just perfect!Great place. enjoyed the food and ambiance. Music playing whike we had drinks and ate. Awesome place. Would be great if they had mote choices on menu thoI like to start off with the positive: Jared the bus boy was very kind and attentive. There was a big slab of butter on the baked potatoes. 
That's where it ends. 
From the get go, the hostess was rude and curt, the waitress was incredibly inattentive, the food was wildly overpriced for the quality (and I say this coming from Over-priced NYC) and my $23 piece of fish was cold and blandly seasoned. The vinegarette saturated my salad and burned like acid. After it all the waitress assumed we didn't want change when we paid. 
#beyonddisappointedThe jazz is good, Definitely worth while. Don't bother ordering anything more than a drink though.  We saw a roach and a mouse in the course of eating dinner there--it is in the French Quarter in NOLA where pests are everywhere, but pretty unsettling while eating a meal.  Disgusting, actually.Whenever I get a chance to go home, I make sure to hit up Snug Harbor.  Some of the best burgers, steaks, and fried seafood in New Orleans.  Great food with live Jazz in the background.  Love this Place and top it off with a Monsoon.Came here for some great Jazz from the Master Ellis Marsalis and he did not disappoint. I did not come here for political commentary but was forced to listen to a misguided MC who should remember we come and pay good money for the music not your petty political perspective.BBQ shrimp were fabulous! So full of flavor and cooked to perfection. I had a baked potato as my side and it complemented perfectly. Great place to grab a bite before enjoying a show!I've heard all the hype about this place and finally came while I was here visiting. My boyfriend and I came on a Saturday night, 7:30 pm, right before the jazz band started. Our wairess, Tiffany, was great. I was torn between the shrimp and filet mignon. She helped and made suggestions. I got the steak medium rare and asparagus.... amazing! I highly recommend both. Afterwards, coffee and pecan pie. So good. The place is a little pricey.... but you pay for what you get.This place is def lacking in southern charm...
I decided within the first 10 min this place was not getting a good review after the terrible customer service I witnessed.
First, we were there at opening.  The hostess, who was just wretched, unlocked the door, clearly saw a couple groups waiting then proceeded to drop the door in our face.  No hello, no welcome...literally a door in my face. When we did walk in, again not a smile...not a welcome. We were the first customers of the day and this girl was already a raging bitch.  My family and I are all past servers...we know how to treat guest service providers. This girl was just not having it.  We ended up seated right near her (where is was freezing right by the window) and listened to her pathetic, pity party all night.  I have never heard someone be so rude to or annoyed by so many sweet families. It felt so out of place after all the great service we had around town.
The server was lacking in personality...and just seemed a bit odd.  IDK, just again not impressed.  She didn't help or hurt or situation.
The food was not good enough to make up for the terrible hostess.  Also know that the music doesn't start till after 8. Ug, such bad luck.  Worst service we had our whole trip.We went for dinner and not the Jazz because the music required a $25 admission fee. We aren't Jazz experts and there was plenty of great entertainment for free on Frenchmen Street. The food was not very good. My bar-b-que shrimp was too greasy. That's a shame because the shrimp were big, fresh and firm. But the greasiness of the sauce overpowered the shrimp. The drinks were very strong and reasonably priced.Snug Harbor was recommended as a fanstastic spot for music, but when my fella and I wound up out front with our stomachs growling around dinner time we decided to trust the Yelp reviews and head inside early.  SO glad that we did, as it was probably the best dining experience of our trip.  The atmosphere is wonderfully cozy...it feels like NOLA without being touristy or pretentious.  We ordered the fried oyster sandwich with a loaded baked potato and the Fish Marigny with sauteed vegetables.  Both were phenomenal, especially my fish.  Perfectly cooked to be golden and crispy on the outside and soft and flaky inside, with the tastiest creamy creole sauce on top and plenty of shrimp to boot.  The sandwich was far to big to really be called a sandwich, and the loaded baked potato was pretty much the best I've ever seen.  They had me at sauteed mushrooms.  We will definitely be back.Place was a little small but the food, service and atmosphere was a perfect way to end our stay in New Orleans. Our server was very helpful with the menu and the food was wonderful. Our Segway tour guide recommended the place and glad we stopped by.Summary:
They're known for their burgers and they do not disappoint! Can also hear the live music coming from the other room (which you need to pay a cover to get into)
Details:
Wanted to enjoy Frenchman St and get away from Bourbon St so my girlfriend and I stopped here. The menu is a bit limited, but I think that's a good thing. They don't have all your standard NOLA fare if that's what you're looking for. 
I got the shrimp burger and my gf got the sirloin burger.
I don't see how it would've been possible to actually eat the shrimp burger as a burger, but the shrimps were absolutely delicious. The sirloin was cooked well for a medium well. Also. instead of fries they give you a baked potato. If you get butter, make sure you mix it well or your first bite will be a big wad of butterThis place was awesome! The shrimp platter was amazing, and also the gumbo, ppl are underestimating this place.Food was okay the steak burger were a little bland and the patty needed some salt. We also had fried calamari which were chewy and under seasoned. The drinks were overpriced too. I'm a local and it's my first time going to this place and I probably won't be back but we still had a good time with my hubby and my parents in law.We went to see Ellis and Jason Marsalis, and the basist whose name I fear escapes me and we treated to a guest set by the full band off of Marsalis' most recent album. It was rad, the cocktail waitress was top notch and we had an awesome time. What other jazz club gets you this close to such influential jazz musicians?We were looking for a lower-key spot in the Frenchman district and we stopped in here for a glass of wine. It was not too crowded, we were able to get a seat at the bar with no problem at all. The bar staff was prompt and helpful.
There was a jazz band playing upstairs, they had it on the TV and speakers in the bar, but quiet enough to also have conversation. The jazz was pretty good, the scene was paced just right and I would go back there again.We ordered fried fish sandwiches, loaded baked potatoes, broiled shrimp.  The French bread was fresh.  I would have given this place another star but they ran out of gumbo and the show was sold out.  I would recommend coming earlier to get the gumbo.I have seen some very talented artists perform and heard some beautiful music in this place.  
Good ambiance, good sound, good times.This is one of my favorite places in NOLA. The fish marigny is what I always get. It's breaded fish topped with small shrimp and the most delicious sauce. The cajun shrimp are also great. The menu is plentiful enough for everyone to be able to find something suited to their tastes and/or dietary restrictions. I've been here for business meetings, as part of a large group, and on a date. I've never yet been disappointed. And when you dine in the restaurant, you can hear the jazz from upstairs. It's a great vibe and ambiance. For the last decade, this has been my go-to NOLA spot and it's always fun and tasty.This place is simply awesome. The wooden hall is so classic and the live music was so right for me. There's a cover fee for the live music but then you can hear it when sitting in the dining area too. We got bread pudding for dessert after having dined elsewhere and we had a taste of the local amber, both of which taste smooth. My friend's steak burger looks so good I wouldn't mind check on it if I ever get a chance again. :)I would recommend eating here for anyone interested in seeing a show at this venue later in the night (which I HIGHLY recommend).  I had the fried chicken and it was above average.  The food isn't anything that unique or special but this place does the job if you want to spend your nigh ton frenchmen st.We didn't have dinner so I can't speak for the food but everyone says it's great. The best part was an intimate set with Stanton Moore. Doesn't get any cooler!We went to Snug Harbor our first night in town at the recommendation of our bed and breakfast owner who highly recommended we check them out if we liked some great tunes to welcome us to New Orleans.  I am so glad that Joe recommended this place as we just had a great time here and it was a wonderful way to start our vacation off on the right foot.  Yes it did cost us $30 and yes we did have to call ahead of time to ensure we got a seat but it was well worth the effort.  
We saw a great jazz horn player and his band that night called Christian Jazz.  I believe the price to see Christian was $5 more as he is somewhat of a local celebrity from what I heard but trust me, he is well worth the extra money, this guy has talent that is extraordinary and he is backed by really talented musicians.  He also has a wonderful wife (fiance?) that can sing like a songbird...she was nice enough to take the stage and grace us with some of her talent near the end and I really enjoyed it.  
The bar downstairs is somewhat crowded but it's really nice looking, really dark and nice and cool..  The bathrooms were small but pretty clean and the people who took our drink orders and got us ready for the show were so super nice and answered all of my dumb tourist like questions.  I only had one drink at the bar (was getting sort of tired of the sugary New Orleans drinks but did have one called the Monsoon, which was basically a Hurricane but Snug Harbor style...  The drink was good, not as sugary as some of the other places, the correct amount of alcohol and overall very tasty.  I'd def. order it again.
After waiting for a spell we went upstairs and got our seat near the stage off to the left.  Photography is allowed before and after the event but I don't think it is allowed during the actual concert, but trust me you will be so into the music you won't even think about it anyways.  Christian came out, introduced the band and then immediately started playing.  The surround sound system they have is phenomenal, it's very very good and there is no reverb or issues with spatial issues if you're an audiophile.  It's quite loud at first, hearing the horns and all, but your ears adjust.
In the second half of the program Christian told us some amusing stories and showed just how charismatic and great of a storyteller he is.  He did tell us one story near the end of the show which was a bit disturbing about the New Orleans police (related to racism) and used it to open a song which he wrote about the story which was a great song..sad to hear his tale and I hope that it doesn't happen to him again. 
At the start of the show it was quite slow to get our drinks, so I can see where people criticize them on that aspect....so I'd recommend if you want to drink and enjoy yourself (ie get buzzed) that at the start of the show to order double drinks and/or get some shots...but once the show got going and our initial drink orders came (after about a 25 minute wait) the waitresses were on top of everything and came and checked our drinks or brought more drinks about once every 10 minutes.
On a note related to the heat, the actual concert area on the second floor is nice and cool, I was able to cool down in about 20 minutes and quit sweating.  It's cooler up there than on the main, bar room.  Also, Snug Harbor is a bit of a ways from Bourbon Street.  We walked but in hindsight I'd take a cab or a bike ride if I were you.  You do go through some dark streets and at times I felt a bit uncomfortable with walking there.  
If you're in New Orleans and you want to hear some great jazz then you really have to go to the Snug Harbor.  Sure there are places you can go for cheaper but you get what you pay for.  Snug Harbor is the best and my only regret is I cannot rate it higher than 5 stars.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!I have to say, I was so shocked this place had so many positive reviews.  Perhaps they are based on the music there, but unfortunately there was no band there when we went.  It was not very busy, so we were quite confused why it took our waitress at least 20 minutes to show up at our table (even after alerting the hostess no one had come to our table yet).  Our waitress (I wish I knew her name!) was so unfriendly, did not even apologize for our wait, seemed distracted, not helpful, like we were an inconvenience.  And this was our first meal in New Orleans, so all we wanted was some tasty food and maybe some pleasant, timely service.  Sadly, we were denied. Shrimp remoulade appetizer was unimpressive and pretty bland. Just steamed shrimp and very mayonnaise-y remoulade.  The fried calamari tasted off, like either old or bad, I'm not sure.  And it was SO breaded and over-fried, it just tasted awful. We actually sent it back.  And our waitress didn't even seem to care that we were dissatisfied.  Really terrible customer service.  Save your money and go somewhere else.This is our 5th night in New Orleans and this was the best meal we had so far.  We got a bottle of Chateau de Montfort Vouvray, the blackened salmon fried chicken and bread pudding.  It was all wonderful.  Also tried the Gumbo and wasn't super stoked on it but it wasn't bad.Came here for dinner because the guy in the tourist information store front recommended it.  It was just alright at best.  Food wasn't anything special, it was average. Service though was excellent. We were there early so there was no live music at that time.I came here for dinner.
I started off with the gumbo. It wasn't anything special. The shrimp on it were tiny so I didn't like that. It was also a little bland. I would add some hot sauce to it. 
 I ordered the cheddar burger with a baked potato with all the fixings. Definitely one of the better burgers I have had in the city but I wouldn't put it up there with Port of Call or Yo Mammas. My meal was definitely filling so kudos for that. However my cousin and his wife ordered fish plates and the portions seemed small for what you were paying for so I would probably just stick with the sandwiches. I'm a more bang for your buck type of person.
For dessert we had greasing pudding which was delicious. I definitely recommend it. 
Our server was very sweet and personable. I would love to go back to catch a show.I performed with the band here at Snug from Houston, Texas. We were treating good. I love everything about this place. The coziness of the place is my kind of place, not too big and not too small. The food was on point and the service was on point. 
My homie Stephen Richard and his band performed here on a Sunday night. If you're a jazz musician this is the play to play at. They're hitting on all cylinders here. The take care of you. 
Like Arnold says. "I'll be back".I ate here last night solely off of the rave reviews people on yelp were giving by was very disappointed. First off, there was a 45 minute long wait...that's understandable for a place like this. Second, was very unfriendly for some reason. The server we got trash talked us for some reason and he made us feel very unwelcome. Not only that but after we got sat down, it took almost 10 minutes to even check in with us for our drink order. Then it took another 10 minutes just to get those drinks. As we proceeded to order my wife got the salmon dish and I got the BBQ shrimp dish. Needless to say, we were both excited to try these dishes in a place like New Orleans. My wife's salmon was great and baked notator was very tasty. Mine however, came out wrong. I was brought out the fried shrimp dish which is not at all what I was wanting. I'm not really a big fab of fried shrimp so I waited another 5-10 minutes for our waiter to come back and see us so I could tell him. After letting him know he actually accused me of ordering the wrong thing and we bickered about it for a few before he gave in and said "Damn, ok well let me get you some BBQ shrimp. It won't take long" so I ate my baked potato while my wife ate her food and waited for my correct dish. When it finally came out close to 10 minutes later it was not at all what I expected. The shrimp were still in the shells which was advertised in the menu but they were extremely rubbery. Like, overbooked rubbery. Gross. Food and drinks were not comped. No apologies given. Will not return and do not recommend!Recently went to this jazz club and found it very comfortable with excellent acoustics. Decent drinks. Outstanding venue. Will return next visit to NOLA.Snug Harbor was very highly recommended to me by a Nola native. My friends and I were visiting from California and wanted some good ol comfort food, music, and atmosphere. Little did we know we needed to specify that the wait staff be more than average.  This review would've been 4 stars had it not been for the service.  It was not just bad -- it was horrendous.  The waiter told us 'no' to perfectly reasonable requests multiple times with absolutely no effort on his part to please the patrons. It was as if he wanted to be anywhere else but serving us food (and getting a tip!). It was a shame because I frequent New Orleans and won't return here. Any restaurant that keeps such staff around isn't taking their place in the Nola food circuit seriously.  What a shame.Ate here while visiting New Orleans. Great service and great food at decent prices for the area. I had the fried shrimp platter, a cup of gumbo, and a house salad. Very fresh and tasty. Would definitely recommend. 
Gumbo was some of the best I've had!Firstly, the food. Oh my god. Our first time in NOLA and we were treated to some amazing southern style food. An amazing fried chicken "sandwich" which is served with a baked potato (which was delicious and enough all on its own) all for $13... 
Secondly, the great waiter. Jeff looked after us superbly. We were never left wanting anything. The drinks were never empty and he queries about our progress on a number of occasions (but never in an annoying way).
Being from Australia we really had no idea what to expect, but super happy with our accidental find on our first night here.
The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars is the lack of ambience in the dining area, and the dismissive attitude of the maître de.Not good for vegetarians or salad eaters. Good burgers, overpriced seafood. Slow to seat, but good service had a nice waiter!We went on a Monday night to hear Charlamaine Neville and it was fabulous.  the jazz show is at 8pm and 10pm and is a smaller venue in the back of the restaurant behind the bar.  the stage is raised and seats maybe 40 (maybe more) but that was one of the attractions....more intimate.  She rocked!  Got the audience involved and I was sorry we had not eaten there....people next to us said it was really good.small cocroach in my table, the bar side is full of dust...food tasted like cook from frozen stuff you get at the supermarket, a no for me...i love this place!  where else would a marsalis just "pop in" to perform along side his dad?!
i love that there are mirrors that let you see the stage even from the very back of the mezzanine.  i'd definitely recommend getting reservations if you're planning to see a show on the weekend, especially if it's a very renown performer.  there are moments of cheese (neon Snug Harbor sign  as background to the stage), but even those are endearing.  
mind you, i've never been to the restaurant, i'm only there for the jazz.  i'm sure there are plenty of places in nola that are wonderful for food.  combine with that the wonderful jazz here and you'll have an unforgettable evening!Was ok the food was reasonable
the show was ok but not quite what I expected
the wait staff and other people there made the nightNIce sophisticated place with a beautiful stage. Me and my mom saw the performance from upstares terrace, and I was able to be exactly above the piano player.
More of a social upscale place here than a night club. Sit and enojoy your cocktail and listen to the greatest music America ever made.
You feel the history and culture in the whole city. I wish LA was more like this city... not the bad government and the education part though.
Mos def worth a trip.My parents have been a few times and loved it.  It's more of a ticket place and can sell out so getting them in advance isn't a bad idea.  
It's a warm and cozy spot where you can get a table and listen to some great music.  There is a cool upstairs area with a great view of the band and crowd.  Not my favorite Frenchman joint, but definitely a great music venue.  
Favorites are: MusicI was told that Snug Harbor has the same burgers as Port O Call. I can't attest to that because I've never had the patience to wait to eat at POC. I went with some co-workers to Snug Harbor mostly for the burger, then for the bar, then for the music. I have to say, this is probably one of my least favorite places on Frenchmen. First, the burger, it was a solid burger but it was like eating a mass of ground beef. This is not unusual when eating a hamburger of course, but this burger had little to no flavor. It wasn't particularly juicy or tasty, just OK really. The loaded baked potato was good but nothing I couldn't do at home. Our server was far from the greatest and I ended fetching most of my table's drinks from the bar myself. The bar is in a separate and oddly dark area. I could see and hear the band warming up in the next room and it looked like a good space for music. I enjoyed the jazz at Snug, and would go back to see another performer like Charmaine Neville or Deacon John, but I think I'll pay the cover and skip the food next time. 
Food:  3 stars
Music Venue:  4 starsFor our last day in New Orleans my husband and I decided to check out Frenchman Street. We were told that the music was great and it was a much different and better experience than Bourbon Street. Snug Harbor was recommended as a good restaurant on Frenchman Street so we decided to try it. Unfortunately, we were disappointed in the atmosphere and food. While the music we heard playing upstairs sounded great, we could not get tickets ($15 each) until the next show which was 10:00 p.m. and since it was only 8:00 p.m. we decided to pass. For the initial impression, the restaurant lacked character. It was very plain and cafeteria like. But we were seated right away and looking forward to enjoying a nice meal. Our waitress was friendly and got us our drinks. The drinks were good. I had a Captain Morgan and Coke and my husband had a Tanqueray gin and tonic. I wanted a burger and since we heard Snug Harbor was known for good burgers I ordered the cheddar burger. Since the baked potato it came with seemed too heavy, I ordered a salad instead with blue cheese dressing. About 5 minutes after we ordered, the waitress came by and said they ran out of blue cheese dressing. Well, I was disappointed (and surprised) but since I had watched a couple enjoying the gumbo, I told her I would get that instead. Then she said, "We ran out of gumbo too...I'm sorry." Uh...really? Wow...okay. Anyway, I decided to just get the baked potato and box it up. However, when I got my burger, it was a huge piece of meat but with no flavor to speak of and topped with shredded cheddar cheese. The bun was burned so bad it was black. So I ended up eating the potato instead of the cheeseburger. Unfortunately, that set our evening off to a negative start. We ended up calling it an early night. On the bright side, my husband had the fried chicken sandwich and loved it. We will probably never go back again...My wife and I chose this place because we had tickets for the late show at 10:00pm. We want a touch of New Orleans so we ordered the gumbo which sounded delicious. Well the server said that was the only thing he was out of tonight. My wife ordered the chicken sandwich and I ordered the cheddar burger.  Both orders came with baked potato on the side which came with butter. I ordered sour cream and my wife ordered cheese.  Burger was good but bland. My wife said chicken was good but nothing special. Wanted the steak but if burger was bland sure glad I didn't order $37 steak  Hope show makes up for meal. Probably would not come back for the foodVery small, cozy venue. You must get there early if you are attending a show if you want a seat with a view of stage. We got there 10 mins early for 10:00 showand had to sit upstairs and could not see the stage.saw Marsalis & The Uptown Jazz Orchestra and they were awesome! intimate place and awesome music.Worst service I ever had! Had to look for the waiter (Owen) for everything. 
I'll never go again.I've never had the food but as a music venue Snug Harbor is decent, just a bit more expensive and more formal than most New Orleans music venues.  Get there 30-45 minutes before your show because a line forms in the bar and whoever is in the front gets seated first - if you're one of the last 20 people you'll be stuck in the second row of tables in the balcony where you basically can't even see the stage.  On the main level the tables are tight for my taste but they only seat about 90 people here so at least you know you won't be standing elbow-to-elbow for hours like many of the clubs in town - and the crowd is focused on the music and talking is discouraged which is different than just about every other music club in town.  Overall though, Snug Harbor is bit too much like a New York jazz club for my taste since I would argue that most New Orleans music works better in a slightly less formal environment.
It's always worth a visit for performers like Allen Toussaint who rarely performs around town other than Snug Harbor.  And it's nice to have drink service at the table where you can get a refill once or twice during the shows that usually last around an hour and a half.  Snug Harbor definitely has good music but I usually prefer d.b.a., Chickie Wah Wah, Three Muses, and others for local ambience and a cheaper ticket/cover charge.  There's room for all though, and Snug Harbor seems to do a good business so I certainly expect them to be around for years to come.  If you prefer a more refined environment, guaranteed seating, and drink service then this is your place - the crowd tends to be older than most clubs in town and populated with a lot of out-of-towners but overall Snug Harbor generally compares favorably to direct competitors such as Palm Court and Little Gem which have food in a restaurant environment to go along with music.  The benefit of Palm Court and Little Gem is that you can eat while watching the music, as opposed to Snug Harbor where the restaurant and the music venue are separate so you may end up rushing through your meal to get in line for the show.
At any rate, Snug Harbor is a nice option on Frenchmen Street and certainly worth a visit on the right night.  Enjoy!Found this place at the end of Frenchmen Street. They offer live music at different times of the week. Service was good.  Although, the waitress could have been more attentive. The food was great and moderately price. I had these huge shrimps with a tomato based paste. The food was great. Worth the visit. There didn't seem like there were many restaurants on Frenchmen street. This place came in handy.We tried getting in during our first visit but the line was so long, it was impossible.  I did squeeze in to take a peek for future reference.  On our second visit, we were able to make it in.  Didn't have enough time to eat but early enough to grab any seat we wanted.  The waitress was very friendly and we were not pressured to get more than one drink.  I had the Abita seasonal and hubby had the Abita amber - both in bottles at $4.75 each.
Sasha Masakowski, jazz vocalist, was the act and she was pretty good.
We will definitely return.Great food and awesome jazz. Dinner was very tasty and Herlin Riley's quartet was fantastic. Thanks Matilda and Fiorenza for a great Father's DayWe got sucked in by the jazz and our grumbling stomachs. It was the worst move we made on our trip to NOLA.  Super average food for high prices so if you like that feeling of wasting your money and time, go here!* Also poor service (waitress messed up my girlfriend's order, she didn't notice we were both missing silverware, etc) and decor that makes you go zzzzzz..  
*This is strictly based on the restaurant and not the music venue.I didnt think you could have a bad culinary experience in new orleans... i was wrong :(. Bad service by a rude waitress ( Colleen D.) could have been overcompensated by good food however from multiple menu items being sold out ( gumbo, bread pudding to name a few) on a empty tuesday evening in low season of november, to the bland shrimp and fried oysters , this place is a skip. The only positive was the music, but the penny gauging menu ( $3 each soda refill,  1.50 extra for sour cream on your potato) and empty restaurant should have been a tip. Hope this helps someone have a better dining experience.Legendary!
We came here and heard some of the best Jazz  and had a unique perspective as well.   There are tables downstairs and their is a balcony above  so we seated ourselves above the performers.
We had  "Globe Theatre" like view of the whole stage.
We heard Bria Stromberg and other talented Jazz artists.this is a fancier port of call with a few extra menu items and live jazz music.  i went there with friends after the italian-american celebration in the quarter.  since every restaurant was packed and had lines out-the-door, we hopped into snug harbor and were quoted a wait time of 40 minutes.  well, 40 minutes turned into an hour and 20 minutes but at least they had a bar with libations to tide us over.  (though, no amount of liquor could wash away the idea of eating my own arm.  i wanted food.)  
everyone but me got burgers and potatoes.  i, the gluten-intolerant buzzkill, got the salmon with steamed veggies.  at 19.50 usd (without tax and tip), it was pricey for the quality and quantity of food.  but, whatever, i chose to eat like a queen.  
waitstaff was friendly and efficient.  bathrooms were remarkably clean.
unless you want to see the jazz performance, i'd skip this restaurant and go someplace cheaper.Awesome AWESOME music scene aside, I give 5 Stars here simply for their signature hurricanes called "The Monsoon." 
I'll admit that I'm no weather man. I don't know the difference between snow vs. sleet, rain vs. showers, or thunder vs. lightning. Heck all I know is that I don't have to deal with that crap in sunny Cali. But I do know this about hurricanes vs. monsoons...
MONSOONS ARE 32 LIQUID OUNCE TICKETS TO THE DRUNK TANK!! You bet your sweet ass these things put you down, better than anything that I've had on Bourbon St. 
Bottom line is: Go for the Monsoons, stay for the music, end up in a threesome - or more - later that night.Food's just ok. You can't listen to the music from the restaurant -- they're separate rooms.Top notch. The poster-child for the new, New Orleans Jazz venue.
Deeeelicious food, decently priced and decent mixology on the drinks.  I only recommend going to see a show if you're familiar with the artist.  It also helps to eat dinner during the first show to (hear) know what you're getting yourself into.I want to start this off by saying that I only came here to eat, I didn't listen to the live music...so if you are coming for the music, you may have an altogether different experience than I had.
On that note...we came to Snug Harbor on Monday night (1/10/11) to get a quick bite before going to listen to music along Frenchmen St. The show at Snug Harbor had a cover of $15, and there is so much awesome, free jazz along that street, we chose not to partake.
We entered, and the person who was supposed to greet us, didn't. I wandered inside and asked the guy at the bar if we could eat, he told us to ask the dude up front with the hat on, he told us that he would seat us. We went back up front. I had to ask him if he could seat us. He took us in the dining area. There was a large party and another couple near the cold window in the front of the dining area, the other half of the room was empty. Naturally he squeezed us in between both parties where we were literally rubbed by people getting up from their table. Eventually the big party left along with the other couple. That's when everyone else was seated on the opposite side of the room, away from the cold window, except us. I asked the waitress about the seating priorities, and she mumbled something and laughed incoherently. When we were done, I had to turn around to search for the waitress. A group of them were sitting in the back of the dining area at a table (the warm part of the room), and I had to wait patiently for her to notice me staring. She then got up and got my tab, not even asking if I wanted another beer or anything.
I know that I'm bitching, I don't like people that bitch and moan all of the time either, but shit...I was on vacay, and I wanted to have a nice night out. The wait staff obviously didn't want to be there.
I ordered the shrimp sandwich with a baked potato. It was decent. Not bad, but not worth the frustrating staff. This is based only on my personal experience on 1/10/11 at around 9:30pm at the small table by the window next to the pole. Too much good food (Prailine Connection) and too much good music (Spotted Cat and La Maison) nearby to have to go through that shit.This review is for the food only, which was really good.  I had the fried chicken with baked potato.  Hubby had the fish marigny.  Both dishes were very tasty.  Service was good.  No real complaints but not so totally blown away to give five stars.  We'd come back for some music.I will give this location 3 and 1/2 stars. We went to watch Jason Marsalis. The music was fantastic but the venue was freezing. The audience complained all night. The waitress brought my table a drink menu but never came back. I would have loved to have a nice drink during the show but that didn't happen. The great music saved this venue for me.One of my very favorite jazz places on Frenchman Street.  
Top bands and a nice venue to hang out.  The drinks are strong, too.
Check it out.  This is where the locals go!The jazz show was really good, priced at 25$. But the service is awful! The waitress was not nice at all, we ha to ask several times for glasses for our drinks and she was not responsive. 
The restaurant is overpriced and not so good.We started our night by taking in the show. Sat in the balcony and the view/sound was great, band was awesome. Had a couple of hurricanes and they definitely do them right. After the show we had dinner downstairs (no food is allowed in showroom) and it was absolutely delectable. Definitely hope to make it back here again during our stay!!What a fantastic time!  We came here on the recommendation of a local lady at the French Market.  We got tickets to see Charlene Neville perform and it was a really amazing experience.  She was beautiful and the band was ah-mazing.  As far as our service, it was attentive and more accommodating than I've ever experienced.  We were a group of 8 and she offered (we didn't even need to ask!) to split our check however many ways we needed after we had started one tab.  Toward the end of the show, she brought us a piece of paper and a pen and asked us to write down how she wanted us to divide up the bill!  This was so helpful and very greatly appreciated.  Frenchman is lucky to have such a wonderful jazz club and I would love to come back during future trips to the Big Easy!Great jazz, great food nice bar overall nice place to eat, drink and listen to music on Frenchman in NOLA. Great view on to Frenchman street. You can hear music inside and out. Not a bad value and service is good. Like in most places being nice always makes dinning experiences better!Cute little place a good ways from the Bourbon Street circus in a residential area of New Orleans. Its so cute, romantic and welcoming. We walked out here to listen to some live jazz, enjoy some cocktails and eat a wonderful dinner. We arrived at the restaurant and had to wait 40 min for a table. Not a problem. Me and my friend spent our time checking out the photographs that line the bar area, people watching and enjoying cocktails. A tv in the bar area gave us a glimpse of the live jazz show happening upstairs and they sounded great! The 40 min seemed to fly by and we were immediately seated in the main dining area. We tried the calamari as an appetizer and then the BBQ Shrimp and the Fish Marigny. To be honest, I wasnt really impressed with the food. The calamari was fried so hard...the poor squid was paper thin. And they gave us so much calamari...its almost like they tried to get rid of the overly fried pieces. The BBQ Shrimp was ok...a little too oily for my taste but the they gave me about a pound of large shrimp that was seasoned very well. My date seemed to enjoy his fish dish..he ate it..but, he wasnt too blown away. Overall, my experience at Snug Harbor was good. Great atmosphere, amazing performances, strong cocktails, great location but, the food....meh...not so much.This place was great! The food was beyond delicious! Service was good. Nice, quiet, intimate, dimmed setting! 
I tried the Broiled shrimp with a baked potato, and it was sooo yummy! I was not at all disappointed! Great location! Frenchmen street and right in front of the Frenchmen night art market, a beautiful way to walk off a full meal following.Went on Monday night to see Charmaine Neville and had a fantastic time.  Good ambiance, cozy room, acoustic a bit loud for the size of the room. Her voice was amazing, brilliant voice impersonation of Louis Armstrong. Cover charge was $15. Great entertainer and singer.The live music starts at 8PM... 7.30PM the line is long.
So I decide it to sit on the bar, thanks God there's still couple seat are empty.
The bartender was really nice.
They put big TV on the bar so we can watch and hear the live music too :)
Order some gumbo and calamari, both of them need lots of spices.
Over all service was great... 
 Food need to put more spicesThought I would pop in for a drink and some AC, ended up spending a few hours. I never made it near the stage, just hung out in the bar with Owen, awesome bartender. He made my partner in crime multiple drinks she loved and even swapped storied with us. Hell, we even met hung out with him the next day and we all swapped ghosts stories since it was just that time of year.I dropped in at about 11 pm without a reservation.  The place was packed but I managed to linger at the back of the room for the rest of the set.
Snug Harbor, along with the other clubs on Frenchman Street, are a great introduction to NOLA jazz.Saw a great show here.  Good venue. Had a great time. Just what we expected from a New Orleans Jazz venue.   Didn't eat the food.So many of these reviews are based on music, which is most excellent. 
Mine is based solely on food.
AMBIENCE: I like the darkness of the bar. It feels discreet and underground. 
SERVICE: Really fantastic - from the hostess to the busboy to the waiter.
FOOD: Good. Not great - just good. 
Someone listed that the rice tasted like Uncle Ben's. It does. I asked and the waiter insisted it was made in-house. I ordered the fried chicken breast and to a northerner like me, I thought it was solid. Have had better but it was a great meal overall. 
We ordered the shrimp cocktail with the creole sauce ... The sauce was tasty and we asked for bread to soak it up.Very cozy restaurant and jazz club. I had the BBQ shrimp one of the best I've had, they give you a decent size portion and each bite is full of that New Orleans flavor! They have a few different choices on seafood all priced about the same near about $20 a dish.
Bread pudding is very good, gotta try it when you are in NO. Not sure if they have an official desert, but this might be a front runner for that title.
I do believe that refills are not free here for soft drinks, so drink slow and enjoy the food.Not impressed, yet ok.
For the ticket price of $25 each on a weeknight I generally expect more for my money.  It was great to have Randy Brecker perform, yet for the money I would expect the set to start on time and go for the full 90 minutes.  Starting about 5-10 minutes late and ending 10 minutes early just was not good.  I understand you want to get more people in and out, yet perhaps a longer set or lower ticket price would help.   Drinks are strong.  I had one and that was plenty.Really great spot with very friendly staff and a wonderful venue for jazz.  Pecan pie is better than the bread pudding.Terrible! Host said there was a half hour wait when we got there even though there were many tables available (we thought it was a ploy to spend more money on drinks)! Once seated, service was slow and food was the worst I've had in New Orleans. Definitely wouldn't recommend!We were very, very happy with this place. Some nice little appetizers and a decent Pimm's Cup followed by some great jazz. Great service and a good atmosphere.This venue was a true treat that I discovered on my latest trip to New Orleans.  It is on a block lined with other jazz clubs.  I found this venue to be one of the best.   
We had a bite to eat - the food was good and the music was better.  The live show for the night was "sold out" but I will make it a point to get tickets ahead of time - next visit.Sure this place has great music but you have to be in the 10x10 cell-like room to hear it. Or in the hot balcony. When I went there were so many locals chatting (charming, yes) I wasn't able to hear the music.  And I couldn't bring myself to fight with an 80-year-old couple to get a seat at any point during the next three hours.  Its not the most comfortable place but the drinks were good, it felt a little like a movie set with all the buzz of a neighborhood bar and the music was amazing. If someone tells you it's better than a crowded tourist bar don't let them fool you - a crowded local bar isn't much different.The baked potato is amazing... honestly. Sounds weird, but f you can only get 1 thing, get that.
My burger was great too... but I'm still dreaming of that potato. They also make a pretty good Brandy Alexander, which most places don't do well.Unique dishes and a cool atmosphere. Small intimate dining. Cool bar too! Fish Marigny is to die for!I had my first fried oyster here and it was gross! Not because the food is gross, but because fired oysters are gross. The food here is pretty good, but it's the music that keeps telling me to revisit NOLA very soon.
What a fun spot to listen to some dope tunes! What a beautiful way to end our trip.Food is okay, the Jazz is great but if you're searching for a good meal, I would go somewhere else. Sounds harsh but there's much better food to eat in the area. Grab a drink and enjoy the jazz but skip the food.Fantastic gumbo with delicious smoky flavor, the right amount of chicken and sausage with spices and okra all swirled together in a decadent sauce over perfectly cooked rice.
Great place to stop in to sit at the bar or grab a table and enjoy some time with friends or family and that's a good place to get you off the craziness of Frenchmen Street if you need to take a break from everything going on outside.Just spent a three-day weekend in New Orleans and this was one of my favorite activities. 
The venue was intimate and comfortable. They kept the drinks flowing seamlessly. Herlin Riley's Quartet jammed out classic jazz originals and faves.
After the show we enjoyed dinner in the restaurant section. The gumbo was excellent! The blackened fish was also very good. But the pièce de résistance was the bread pudding soaked in a rum  caramel sauce.How can one go to New Orleans and not go listen to its jazz music. Frenchmen street is where all the local cool people go. It reminds me of a cross between U street, DuPont with a tinge of H st corridor (all in DC). Walk down the short street and you'll hear music wafting into the street. Snug Harbor is an New Orleans institution with nightly shows.Snug Harbor Jazz Bistro is located on the iconic Frenchman street in the middle of all the music. In fact, when I was on my way over to Snug Harbor, I saw a live jazz performance in the middle of the street. I love this neighborhood - it really gives you a feel of how vibrant the culture of NAWLINS is!
My dad and I came to Snug Harbor to see a performance that started at 8 PM. It is recommended to get here about 30 minutes early in order to snag a spot at a table downstairs in front of the band. The tables are very small so if you want a good seat, I would definitely come early. There is also seating upstairs, but it means you will be looking down on the band- so I prefer the downstairs seating. The acoustics as you can imagine are very good so make sure to keep your conversations to a minimum so that the other patrons can enjoy the performance. 
We saw an 18 piece band which was very overwhelming and exciting! You are able to look up who will be performing ahead of time on their website in order to catch the show that you want. Remember, that because this is a jazz club, they do not open until 5 pm, so if you are trying to purchase tickets ahead of time - keep that in mind!Visited here at the recommendation of a local restaurant owner. SNUG HARBOR JAZZ BISTRO is a cozy spot for food, drinks, & music without the hype. Didn't try any food, but came for Saturday night show by Chris Thomas King.We've come to Snug Harbor twice.  They offer dinner followed by a show.  Tonight's offering is a Jazz Orchestra!What a fabulous place to enjoy one of many things New Orleans is known for ... great jazz music! It doesn't matter if you're a fan of jazz or not - after just a few minutes of listening (especially in this place), you'll become an instant fan! If you're ever visiting NOLA, don't leave town before going down to Frenchmen St. -- it's a never-ending treat for all of your senses!!!Service and wait time were super slow, but the food was delicious!!!! We were told half an hour wait and it was about an hour. When we were seated, it took almost half an hour to ale our order because a 15 top was splitting their bill. Since we had to wait for so long, they comped is the gumbo. It was excellent. I ordered the boiled shrimp, but they brought out the BBQ shrimp. They ended up giving us the BBQ shrimp for free too! The boiled shrimp was better, but the BBQ shrimp was good too. A bit oily, but delicious. My husband had the blackened fish- to die for! 
If you want music, you have to make reservations for their shows. In the bar area you can hear, but not see the live show. In the restaurant area, music can't really be heard.
May try for for the music show in the future and make reservations.Wonderfully cozy jazz lounge located on Frenchman St at the edge of the French Quarter. We were there early on a Sun. night to see Jason Marsalis and his band. The cover was reasonable, there's bar inside the lounge for service during the show, and good amount of tables on both floors. Tickets sell out fast and the place is pretty small so get them early if you want a spot for the show. It was a nice experience and a relaxing night of jazz while out in NOLA.I love the eclectic vibe.  The food was very good, my friend got a huge burger and I enjoyed seafood.  The long island ice tea was a little different but very good.1. Service was poop with a side of ok. They never refilled my drinks and I got a water refill after my meal. 
2. Burger was good. Not great. Thick with NO flavor at all. 
3. Baked potato was cold. Butter was not melted and that's always a pleasant surprise  when biting into the potato and enjoying a cold pat of cow cream. 
4. Band sounded great. I wish the food matches the music. Come get a drink and avoid the food. 
5. PS. Neighborhood is full of hipsters pretending to be fans of jazz as the listen to Kanye on their iPhones.Wanna go to Port of Call but the line is out of the door? Walk down to Frenchmen Street and get your burger, potato and monsoon (without the cockroaches) at Snug Harbor while listening to some live jazz.  It's exactly the same food, less of a wait and you can place an order to go. 
You might even enjoy your meal at a table next to one or more of the Marsalis family, which I have done on more than one occasion.Came here for the 10pm show. It was excellent, and I definitely recommended checking out a show here if you're in NOLA on vacation. 
I took off one star because the organization of the place prior to the seating for the show is crazy. Seating is on a first come basis. My partner and I were there at 9:15pm (we finished our prior engagement early), got our tickets and hung out near the entrance to the stage area/ticketing booth. But since there aren't clear lines to separate those waiting in line for the show and those just picking up their tickets, there was mass confusion and people cutting in line/generally being unorganized. This is a seriously easy problem to resolve. Management, invest in a line divider and make things less cluttered for your patrons!I love New Orleans.  Every time I go there, I visit Snug Harbor.  
It's a fantastic restaurant.  It's friendly.  It's romantic.  It's delicious.  Service is always great.
Plus, I can eat a relatively healthy dinner there.
Because, after days of eating in New Orleans, eating a nice piece of grilled fish and a baked potato is like a vacation from my vacation.
I miss you, Snug Harbor.
See you in March, darlin'.Without a doubt the worst meal I have had in the big easy. I was probably foolish to try yellow fin tuna at this place, but I would expect it to be edible. Instead I got to enjoy the meal from the backside for 2 days. The wife's steak was not much better. We were so freaked out about the food we couldn't even try the jazz show. This place ruined my assumption that you can't get a bad meal in New Orleans. Avoid the food at all costs.I moved to NOLA 6 months ago to be close to my younger daughter and love Snug Harbor. The sound is so beautifully mixed, the music is the best. I've heard the Uptown Jazz Orchestra, Charmaine Neville, the trio with James Singleton on bass, etc.... Each show has been great musically and interpersonally. Furthermore, I have gone by myself 3 out of 4 times and felt perfectly at home and at ease, too.The service was horrible. From the moment we arrived. The Hostess was not present when we stepped in and the place is so small, we had no idea if we were to seat ourselves or what. When we stepped into the dining section, she then quickly approached and ushered us very rudely to the bar area as she reattached the velvet rope that had not been secured when we walked in. I noted that the dining room was half empty on a Friday night. It seems that most people were upstairs watching the show. We sat at the bar waiting for our table, which seemed to take longer than it should have again, based on the number of empty tables we had seen. After sitting at the bar,  the bartender was also unenthusiastic. He basically just stood there looking at us until we made our choices. No greeting, no nothing.  A nice touch was being able to see the show on TV at the bar. When our table became available, we were seated by the front window, one of the best things so far, as I love to people watch & this was the perfect spot. Our sever was another halfhearted soul who actually told my Fiance that he would be charged for the extra condiments he requested for his baked potato ! Seriously ? God forbid this establishment go broke behind 2 tablespoons of sour cream and one ounce of cheddar cheese ! LOL  I had the Fish Marigny which was OK. If we had any desire to head upstairs and hear the show, it was killed by the level of service we received downstairs. We are planning a wedding next year & we are culminating a list of "must go" places for all our relatives and friends traveling in from the Northeast and the Midwest, this probably won't make the cut.Great jazz venue with Resturant. Recommend taking a taxi due to area. $20 for most venues.An experience of getting a headlining jazz act in an intimate setting can only be experienced here. I love this place, but I also want to take notice that food served here is great.
If you come to New Orleans make sure coming here is on top of your to-do list.Great Jazz Venue especially if you want to see Classical New Orleans Jazz from regulars like Ellis Marsalis or Charmaine Neville. Food is very good in smallish area. Mainly because this is the sister of burger haven Port of Call although I prefer this better because there's some great pasta dishes and quite frankly I'm not a big fan of Port of Call's burgers. Music club is divided into two small floors and if you're lucky you can seep in the WiFi from the Coffee Bar next door.Don't ever go to this location their races if you're anything other than white you might as well forget getting servedRating the food this place gets an easy five stars. Shrimp poboy was excellent. Fried chicken was incredible. Baked Potato was amazing. Overall the food was better than I ever expected. Can't say anything about the jazz room except I'm not going to pay $25 to see someone play I've never heard of before. Plenty of free music everywhere else.I was there this past Tuesday night for the 8pm jazz show. What does a drummer, pianist, and an energetic bass player create? The best possible place to get live music on Frenchman on a Tuesday night. This same trio will be there for the next three weeks on Tuesdays. This is a four, because I didn't have a good view on the second row of the balcony.If I could give this place a zero I would. We called ahead and they said they could accommodate our group (15). When we got there they would only sit us 7 at a time and the second group had to wait 20 minutes even though there were 4 open tables around us. To top it off, the host was a jerk who called my wife "sweet heart" and to her to relax. Worst service I ever hadBest modern and contemporary jazz club in New Orleans. Period!! It also has very good hamburgers, but the reason to come here is for the music. Top notch local and national talent is here nightly!!!This was my favorite place many years ago. They used to have the best burger I had ever eaten. Sadly, as the place became ledd rustic and local, and tried to become more upacale and touristy, the food gradually dropped. They changed the meat they use in their burger and it got smaller. Now, its just another decent burger, instead of the best burger in the world. It has been depressing to watch and taste the slip.Great music with okay food.  My son & I ordered chicken breasts with Creole sauce and a baked potato.  Chicken was dry, but sauce was good.  We also ordered bread pudding but they couldn't warm it because their microwave broke.  Waitress was very nice; service was fine.  Dinner is served in a separate area from music.  Locals recommended this spot to listen to music.  We called ahead to ask if we needed reservations for dinner or the show & were told it wasn't necessary, but we found out the 8 p.m. show sold out. So glad the 10 p.m. show didn't sell out because The Stanton Moore trio was fantastic!  The man selling the tickets was not friendly.  And, the flyer at the hotel nor the person who answered our call informed us we had to pay $15 for the show.  The $15 was well spent,  better than paying for tours.Didn't eat here. However the drinks and the music were fantastic! The place was clean and well staffed, with a full bar they can basically make anything your heart could desire. Went to see three shows at Snug, all of which were great. Unlike a lot of the party places in the French Quarter, Snug actually mics the place well. Music is well worth the money.I had a very nice mushroom burger, potato, and old-fashioned here last weekend. There wasn't any music playing at the time, so no cover and no crowds. It was the perfect spot to grab a meal before seeing a movie at Indywood. Service was good and it was a nice, comfortable place to eat and chat. 
The burger was the small in diameter but fat kind and nice and juicy with the perfect amount of pink in the center and it was topped with your basic mushrooms. The baked potato was well-prepared as well. Oh, bread and butter was brought immediately to the table. If I recall from the distance of nearly a week, the bread was still warm.This was a wonderful jazz club. It was a very small venue but it was nice because everywhere you sat you had a good view of the stage. We sat on the balcony and it was a perfect view. We would definitely go back here to see someone else if we are back in NOLA. Overall I would go to this area as opposed to Bourbon St. for jazz clubs.Went here on a Friday for Ellis. Ate dinner then saw Ellis Marsalis hold court. The food is pretty standard. I had a burger, and it was decent. The Ellis show though was awesome. The setting makes you feel, I don't know, like you're in a snug harbor. The room is dimly lit and pretty small. It makes for a very intimate show. We had seats in the balcony, and it was amazing. Great views and great times.Best place in the city, by far, to see live jazz.  Burgers and sandwiches in the club are awesome, so are the BBQed shrimp and the Steaks are cut fresh - well worth the cash.
Service is friendly and knowledgeable.  Don't go in here if you have an attitude problem.Excellent!! Ribeye was one of the best ever!! Windjammer was great! Music, Dr Smith, obviously superb!' Great wait staffOMG!!!  Guess it all depends on the night, and we had a great one!!  We went specifically for the show with Delfeayo Marsalis and & the Uptown Jazz Orchestra.  What an amazing show.  Well worth the ticket price.  It was amazing to be part of an intimate setting and mesmerized by the performance.  The band consisted of 15 members, a piano player, drummer, bass, 6 saxs, & 6 trumpets.  WOW!! what a show. And the waiter Chris couldn't have been better.  He was amazing, remembering everyone's order and bringing refills at the exact precise perfect moment.  Highly Highly recommend.  And don't cheap out and skip out on the tickets.  Go eat somewhere else if your on a tight budget.  Skip the steamboat or some other tourist trap.  Go to this show and you won't be disappointed.
Link to Delfeayo: http://delfeayomarsalis.com/This place had the perfect drinks and light meal for me plus the live music!!! I had the BBQ shrimp, which is spicy and delicious but definitely messy, since you have to peel it. And the server recommended the windjammer drinks...which was perfect for the heat. This was a perfect Frenchmen's location close to the art walk and street fun.Went to see Ellis Marsalis on Friday. The quartet was RIDICULOUS. Everybody was extremely talented and working very hard to show it. I was especially impressed with the saxophonist. And every time Ellis played beautiful melodies in minor keys I was on the verge of tears.
My only complaint for Snug Harbor is that I was freezing my ass off upstairs. I know some folks here keep the AC on strong, but I felt like it was unnecessarily cold.
As for things I didn't enjoy that is out of anyone's control, the guy two seats away from me had the nerve to answer his phone and continue talking when the show was *just* starting. And there were people who were talking loudly at times. I didn't understand why they weren't just at the bar outside watching the TV screen and enjoying their conversations instead of being inside and treating the music as if it were background noise.I was highly disappointed after going in with high expectations. Had the blackened salmon with rice. The salmon was scorched and appeared to have no seasoning. You would think that in NOLA, they would have the blackening process down pat. The rice was very dry. Also, the service was awful.I have always had burgers here and great service.  Last night I went with my family and the burgers were still perfect except the service.  SLOW.  Got there a bit before 6pm and was lucky to make it out before 7:30.  When we go there the dining room was virtually empty.  We ordered the fried mushrooms which were excellent but also got calimari which was basically a few chewy ones and what other fried dough at the bottom of the fryer - disappointing. So disappointed because my husband and I raved about this place and brought our kids in town from school and it fell flat in so many ways.  I don't know if with a party of 5 and the wait staff know they automatically get 20% and put literally zero effort?  Don't know, not sure we will be going back.Great place!  Have been here a few times over the years.  Good Food and local atmosphere.  
Charmaine Neville and others with deep roots in New Orleans perform here regularly . Charmaine performs songs from across her long career and shows are sold out so you will want to make reservations.   It is off the beaten path and away from the Bourbon Street following.We stopped in Snug Harbor as a last resort since Three Muses and Adolfos had a line out the door. It was Sunday evening, 6:30, and we were starved after driving all day. 
We were seated with no problems and immediate served water. We ordered blackened fish with those awesome baked potatoes (loaded), and some gumbo. The food....yummmm.... We had to get dessert - pecan pie and the bread pudding. Just everything was fabulous! 
I also ordered a Vieux Carre drink and it hit the spot! 
Wish we could've stayed for the live music but we were ready to chill out in our hotel after that.Justin and I dropped into Snug Harbor after it was a suggestion from a friend. The show hadn't started, so we ponied up the $25 per person for the quaint, sexy, candlelit room in the back...which does not match the front of the bar area LOL. We thought it was a little steep but decided to keep it low(er) key that night.
The music was good. Not like mind blowingly, great, just good. Service was mediocre inside and I ended up going out to the main bar for our drinks where they have a decent wine list and just-okay beers. Opt for splitting a bottle of wine vs. a mixed drink or a beer IMO.
Would suggest if you want a quieter evening but still want to go out.
Plus, we had to, of course, have a good comparison to our own "Snug Harbor," here in Charlotte ;)Came here with the intention of watching Charmaine Neville (she plays every monday) after our dinner, but after hearing her throughout our meal, we decided to go elsewhere - comparable to bad karaoke. Service was great, food was good but nothing special. Atmosphere was lacking.I ate here last night with family and it was okay and I would not go back. The others I was with thought the same it was only avg food but for the price I would go somewhere else. The pizza place a block away is really good!  I had fish and potato. It was little fishy and the mushrooms we were offered for the baked potatoes came from a can and they sprinkled them with garlic salt. They were soggy and tasteless.The name sounded like a place where old couples hang out so I was a little unsure of what to expect. The place was packed so we sat at the bar and enjoyed the music and could see the performance on the tv. Our bartender was sweet and attentive. It was dark and cozy, lots of couples. We finally got seated in a nice spot by the window and the service and food were great. I had the gumbo and it was delicious, my boyfriend had the burger and it was huge and tasty. Definitely recommend!I was able to see Stanton Moore's Jazz trio, a special treat indeed.  This is a small, intimate setting and the acoustics were world class and the audience sophisticated in their taste and listening habits, for the most part.  Got there late, just as the show was starting at 10 pm, our bad.  Received good service and was able to mingle downstairs and shake Stanton's hand after the show.  The pianist and bassist were equally as skilled as Stanton, I prefer more of his funk music, but glad I was able to see him while in town!  Oh yeah, one very cool thing is that I was able to reserve tickets, since we were coming from out of town and they just charged for the cost of the tickets, no BS service fee!Dropped by here for drinks and to enjoy the live music.  The performer we wanted to see didn't end up performing that evening but we stuck around and ordered drinks and snacks at the bar.  The calamari was excellent, very tender and the batter nicely seasoned. The portion size was huge for the price.  Service was excellent we found the bartender to be friendly and engaging.Loved it - great price and such wonderful music for cheap. Wess Anderson was great and what a band.This place was recommended to me from a local. We decided to try it out and the food was really good!!! the service was OK. There wasnt live music at dinner time but hopefully next trip! The fish marigny was to die for! Broiled shrimp and baked potatoes very tasty as well.Although considered kind of "touristy" this is my favorite place to see live jazz.
I've seen Charmaine Neville play here multiple times, as well as some of the Marsalis'.  If you go early, you can enjoy dinner or drinks before the show.  They used to have free shows on Friday nights at Midnight, but I'm not sure if they still do.  The food is a little pricey, but I like it a lot.
When I went, I had a filet with fried calamari for an appetizer.  Yum!We enjoyed this place. Food was good and in a GREAT location. There was a live band in the room next door. After we ate we walked out to live music and an art market across the street.
The waiter was a little rude (larger, older African American man). We asked for separate checks and he seemed annoyed and kept dropping snarky, sarcastic comments like he was our friend and knew us. The bus boy (shorter man with glasses and poofy hair) hovered over us as we ate to collect our plates to clean our table. I understand he needs to clean but not all of us were done and were still enjoying our food and conversation. The place was not busy so it was not like there was a line of people waiting for a table. We were still ordering drinks as well. I needed a refill of my drink and was not able to flag down the waiter so when the bus boy came to pick up my plate I asked if he could refill my drink. He looked up and said, "okay..." in an annoyed tone. He never brought me my refill.First time to visit.  Thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  Dinner was excellent and moderately priced.  Stayed for the show.  Excellent entertainment.  Musicians were top notch.  Definitely will return.came here for a late dinner in the dining room. didn't come to see a show, so take my review with a grain of salt.
the restaurant has a very nice ambiance. there was "real" jazz music flowing into the dining room, the artwork that decorated the walls were really interesting, and the lighting and seating setup gave it an overall good feel.
the food was okay. i ordered a salad, grilled yellowfin and a side of green beans:
-- salad was a standard green salad. they get extra points for not using iceberg lettuce.
-- the yellowfin was decent... nothing to write home about, but it was cooked to my specifications.
-- the green beans were nice and crunchy, but oversalted.Em New Orleans, impagável e imbatível.  Tem restauranre com comida regional. Espetacular!Incredibly slow service. 2.5 hours for dinner. Cold food. Undercooked veggies. Overcooked meats. Blarg.
The potato earned a star. Spend you time in this city somewhere else.How can a burger bring tears to your eyes?  When it's made with premium angus sirloin and ground fresh.  
The bread before the meal is amazing! 
So glad the Chiefs art is back too!!On frenchmans street, this place is one of those places that surprises you with how good the food and music is.  Fried chix sandwich is a 10!  Blackened salmon was perfect with a nice, thick blackened crust, and the gumbo was heaven!  Couldnt believe how small the bill was...Frenchmen street is alittle sketchy, but one you go into this unassuming little Jazz club you are immediately taken into the back alley,small,  dark, sexy ambience that is live Jazz. I saw the Rob Wagner trip here (Sax, Drums, Bass).  It was very sexy, and I almost would have been okay if they allowed smoking here, because it would have just "fit". Great music, lots of history. Worth getting away from the tourist areas and whether you like Jazz or not, you'll like this place...Snug Harbor was founded by the same guy who founded Port of Call on Esplanade (which he later sold) and it definitely shows. The main difference is that Snug Harbor is far less crowded and has live jazz. The burgers here are excellent, and I definitely recommend the fried mushrooms as an appetizer. The staff is well-mannered and attentive, and the prices are reasonable for the area.
One word of advice though -- ONE MONSOON IS ENOUGH. I've made this mistake before. The Monsoon is their version of a Hurricane, but it's practically all grain alcohol and although it may taste vaguely of grape Kool-Aide, it is far more potent. Be warned, lest ye wind up passed out in Pirates Alley (as one of my friends did once).Classy. We stumbled into this bar and it is one of the swankier vibes we visited. It's more comfy than Preservation Hall & Spotted Cat, but it's not pretentious anymore. I'm sure the band rotates, but the band was very good! The pianist had just come back from a tour with Cirque de Soileil and the guy on the trumpet was just phenomenal. We wish we had known about the show ahead of time! I would definitely go back next time I'm in New Oreleans.Great district area. Not very far from French Quarter right next to Located on Frenchmen St in the Faubourg Marigny. Easy walk. Plenty of bars with jazz within a few blocks. Restaurant and bar will serve food then into small club to listen to local jazz. Friendly staff.This is the place to experience jazz in NOLA!!!  Located on Frenchmen Street (a mini Bourbon Street), the atmosphere is terrific at night.  
Make a reservation! This place gets packed.  I had the opportunity to see Charmaine Neville, Doc White, and Jason Marsalis.  Very small and intimate venue, really close to the music.  Sit back and relax with a Hurricane - enjoy NOLA jazz at its best!!!I'm surprised this place is rated so low. My family stumbled across it walking down Frenchmen street around 9:30pm, and decided to stop by. I'm glad we did! We got drinks at the bar while waiting for a table. Drinks were strong and reasonably priced. 
At dinner, we had the blackened salmon w/ veggies as well as the cheeseburger. Both were very flavorful and well cooked. I was a bit skeptical about the baked potato side, but it was amazing. 
I would 100% recommend this place to anyone looking for a late-night dinner.A decent fish sandwich. They ran out of shrimp for 3 of the meals we wanted :( my wife enjoyed her fried fish entree, so it wasn't a total loss.  If you want to eat on Frenchman Street, get there early as the long waits at the other restaurants will prohibit you from eating there.Sirloin burger is to die for! Love e live music, decor, and area.   We have always had excellent service and the prices are great given the superb quality of the food.  
I highly recommend you add Snug to your NO itinerary.  After, walk across the street for more live music or antique shopping!I got to say I haven't really had good gumbo and wasn't a huge fan...But the gumbo here was good!   I came here for dinner, it was too early for the jazz band, which I was hoping to stick around for and watch.  I had the fried fish with a baked potato.  The fried fish was excellent! Flaky and tender, topped with a creamy shrimp sauce.   The baked potato was huge and delicious...literally loaded with plenty of sour cream, cheddar cheese, bacon bits, butter, and chives! I loved it!  Although I couldn't finish it because it was huge and stuffed my tummy!   All in all, a hearty and satisfying dinner, the fish was fresh and fried to perfection, the loaded potato was excellent!  The gumbo is very good!  Prices here weren't cheap, but it was delicious and fulfilling, so I felt like I got my dollars worth!  It would have been better to listen to live jazz while eating, but the food definitely hits the spot if your hungry!I'd skip eating at this place.  We started with the Shrimp Remoulade, which was okay.  The shrimp were fine but the sauce nothing special.  We then had a bowl of the gumbo which was bland.  Given all the good places to eat, we went elsewhere for our main course.  The server was bad, and didn't seem to care.  We won't be back for the food.A New Orleans original, one of the best jazz clubs in the City. We saw Thelonious Monk Institute Ensemble.  Fine jazz, I will always remember tonight.
New Orleans is such a special place. When you go to Frenchmen Street you see the soul of the city without the tourists, the real deal, you see dancing in the streets barefoot in the rain, architecture indigenous to the City but grittier, more real.  It's good for your soul. So is Snug Harbor.Even though Isaac sat just off the coast, headed our way, we decided to grab a bite to eat and listen to some jazz. This is an amazing spot to do both! Ordered the fried shrimp. Wow! What a HUGE portion. They said there was a baked potato somewhere in there but all Is saw was a plate piled high with shrimp, hushpuppies, and where the potato might have been a big ol' mess of cheese, sour cream, butter, chives, bacon and mushrooms. Could have easily made a meal just out of the potato. 
Music was amazing. Happened to be there on a night when Matt Lemmler was doing a CD release. Hadn't heard of him before but he and his band were FABULOUS! Took special note of a trumpet player, Ashlin Parker, keep your eye out for him, he's something special! Wow! What a great night at Snug Harbor. Can't wait to go back!Staff tries to overcome food without any special touch. Normal, medium quality food. We got here about 10pm, no gumbo, no shrimp, but understandable.I ate here last night and ordered a fried chicken sandwich. Food was great, but it was after my meal that I saw little roaches all over the wall. I told my server about this and she was extremely dismissive and got a napkin and killed the roach. All she said was "the building was old". I explained to her my concern about quality and she told me not to worry about the bug issue. I would be extremely selective when deciding on eating here. Had the waitress been more empathic and less dismissive about the issue I would be more keen to eat here again.If you like Jazz, this was the best place we found in 'Nawlins'.  Saw Charmaine Neville, Doc White and Jason Marsalis (all on different nights).  A $15-20 cover and decent drinks.  Food was 'OK', service was great!
Jazz was magnificent!A Wednesday night's as good as any when it comes to jazz, which, we were reminded by the band onstage, is one of those gifts bestowed upon the world by Americans. Flag waving aside, these guys were cool as cucumbers as they made their way through some standards, and when a local legend drummer made his way to the stage (looking like he'd just come from the back nine), they ripped off a number of inspiring tracks for a now rollicking crowd. 
It's an interesting setup - to make your way into the main performance room, there's usually a cover (last night it was fifteen), but if you're content to park it at the downstairs bar, they pipe the music in from upstairs and have a tv feed showing the band happening. Oddly, this bar appears to be tilting a little, there are very few straight lines at play here. But if you're in the market for a decent pour and some straight up fab jazz, Snug Harbor's got what it takes.It was the night of the 10th of December and I was looking for local food. I was in the Frenchmen historic district but I could not find many options that included local food and a quiet place for dining. I ended up choosing this place and I ordered fried fish sandwich with a baked potato. The fish sandwich was good and eating a baked potato after a few days of only Cajun food was a refreshing experience.
The way the menu presented the sour cream, cheese, bacon and green onions was clear but each item was priced and added separately and each one of them would be added if ordered. The way our waiter rephrased things was somewhat misleading (it sounded each was included) but in the end we ordered each and we ended up paying for all the sides which, by the way, were not provided separately for the two of us but they were combined in to a single side plate.this is the worst restaurant i have been to, the plate were about $30 bucks,  definitely  overprice. the service sucked, i had the blackened fish, all i tasted  a salty fish , it was raw and cold,  told the waiter and all he did was take it back and bring me another one, no apologies, nothing, this is not what i expect from and restaurant with these prices.. portion was on the small gourmet side but not the taste. there is no wow factor here.   the rice that came with the food seem to have been reheated in the microwave.  
would NOT recommend and would not go back. 
on the upside: the ambiance is great. the temp of the room was perfect.Sitting at the bar enjoying monsoons and mushrooms.  What a way to end the day! Best shroomsGot away from theFrench Qtr., tried this on a whim and other review here. Did theCheddar Burger and loaded baked potato. Huge potato, half lb burger. Good food, service. Didn't stay for jazz band.We headed here after getting off of Bourbon St after an experience I soon won't forget at a popular restaurant. We were hungry after leaving there and flagged a cab and told him to please drop us anywhere on Frenchmen St. He dropped us off in the middle of the block and told us to either go left or right. We chose left and saw Snug Harbor. We had read about the place previously and went in without a glance at the menu. After not having any beef for the past few days, I opted for a burger with cheddar and mushrooms. It was cooked as ordered and came with a great baked potato. My husband had a bowl of the gumbo- keeping with his goal of trying as much gumbo as possible while we are in NOLA. Service was friendly and fast. We didn't stay for the live music performance, but we saw a lot of people coming in for it and heard or host on the phone before we at us explaining how busy it gets. Nice setting and we assumed a great place for live music too.Snug harbor is one of the best music venues in the city, at least when it comes to trad jazz. The interior of the bar is dark and mostly wood surfaces, and as a friend pointed out there are almost no straight lines inside. (The floor is sloping, the shelves behind the bar are sagging, when you look around you're hard pressed to find anything that resembles an actual straight line.)
Although I'm really not a fan of paying a $15 cover, anywhere, I will say that Snug Harbor is generally worth it. They do two sets every night, 8 pm and 10 pm I believe, and the musicians are across the board top-notch. 
It's one of my favorite date spots, perhaps because I've been on several awesome dates there, and I love the way it's set up inside. Great acoustics, and you can see everything from the second floor balcony. If you've never been, I highly recommend it. Definitely worth checking out at least once, and I'm pretty sure you'll be back.We were a little disappointed with the Frenchmen St. scene on our first trip to New Orleans... I can't quite figure out what word I am looking for - too hipster?  yuppie?  fratty?  None of those words pin it correctly, but basically Frenchmen St. wasn't the cool stretch of venues we had envisioned.
The one exception was Snug Harbor.  This is a legitimate jazz club, so expect to pay cover and stay a while.  This wasn't exactly what we were looking for, but since we hadn't yet stumbled across great jazz elsewhere, we decided to bite the bullet ($20 cover on a saturday) and sit through a two-hour show of who knows what.  Well Deacon John's Ivories were well worth the price, and evidently the rest of the crowd felt the same way.  Deacon John was quite the showman, and backed up by seven talented musicians and a couple charismatic guest vocalists.  While it was a bit more vocal-centric than I was hoping for, I can't complain at all.  Nearly two hours of jazz flew by, fueled by good (and reasonably priced) cocktails from the friendly waitress.  All in all, a great show.  If I were lucky enough to live in New Orleans, I think I might just have to regularly check this place out.I was really surprised at how good the food was. I had sort of low expectations given the location and the look of the place, but it was packed and (from my experience), with good reason. 
 The service seemed a little slow, but in all fairness, we did have a large party and it was a Saturday night. 
 The food was all really (I had the steak) and the appetizers in particular were a big hit.Great place for dinner and a private jazz show. I had the fried chicken sandwich which was yummy than we bought $20 tickets to see a percussion jazz band in their private venue. It was about an hour and a half show. Very entertaining, great drinks. It was nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of Frenchman St. It's great for those of us who don't like the Hipster "clubby" atmosphere.This is a pretty cool bar and one of the best places to watch jazz.  They also have a nice second floor.  The cover charge can be a bit steep sometimes by Frenchmen St. standards.  This place can also be very touristy and some of the folks here want a concert hall type atmosphere instead of a bar atmosphere and will shush you.  I'm generally more into being all fun and rowdy and not being seated all quietly so I don't end up here much as I get shushed a lot.  I appreciate jazz as a great music and it was largely developed in the famous Storyville brothels of New Orleans where you didn't ever get shushed.  I enjoy New Orleans Jazz the way it was meant to be experienced.Had the very mediocre fried chicken (dry and tasteless) in a badly lit dining room. Yes there was nice jazz eminating from an unseen back room,  but in general disappointing by NOLA standards.Sat at thebar and enjoyed the service and conversation from the two sister bartenders. Tried the Fish Marigny but had to change to broiled shrimp due to too many bones in the fish. Broiled shrimp was awesome and loved the loaded baked potato.
ORDER THE BREAD PUDDING!! It is the best I've ever had and I swear it was baked in a praline...Amazing jazz and delicious food.  We thoroughly enjoyed the Ellis Marsalis quintet - I am so thrilled I got to see them perform.  
The venue is small and intimate - an awesome experience!!
The staff saved us a table so we could eat after the show.  Delicious burgers and potatoes!Racist host and management. I refused service as a black woman. I was the only black person in a group of 8 women and I happened to be the one to ask for a table and was refused very rudely. My white friend went in next to try as I suspected something strange about the rudeness. She was able to get a seat within 30 mins. Boycott Snug Harbour and their Jim Crow era management.The host was very welcoming and  they sat us right away.  The waitress was friendly and courteous.  Just after we arrived the place was packed.  Glad we got there when we did.  The fried mushrooms were good.  The batter was light and crispy.  We also ordered a cheeseburger and baked potato. The cheeseburger was cooked to perfection with lots of juice.  The potato?  Every starch lovers dream.  Not overcooked, served with bacon, cheese, sour cream and sauteed mushrooms gently layered over creamy melted butter.  Your mouth watering yet?  Definitely a place to try!First we get here and no more gumbo wtf. This is New Orleans!!!! Had fried mushrooms, bland. Fried oyster sandwich was a sandwich not a poboy. Again, wtf. It was mediocre at best. There are PLENTY of better locations in NO. Granted I didn't want to pay $25 to listen to jazz when other places had it for freeGo for the entertainment, not the food!  You will wait for at least an hour for horrible service and sub par food....if they haven't run out of what you ordered.The best fried chicken and burger we've ever had.  
Didn't stay for the show, but loved the area.  Despite what reviews said "Bourbon street for locals" -- still a very touristy area.I am a New Orleans native, and let me tell you, this IS the best burger in the city! It is one of the only places I will eat a burger.  If you like Port of Call, but hate the long lines and the feeling that the kitchen prob just isn't clean, go here.  It's dark, but not as dark as Port of Call. It's owned by the same people, so if it's a big, juicy burger with a large, overflowing potato that you are craving, this is where you need to go. Or, don't go so I can still get in without a wait. They do have jazz shows late at night and they get packed, so just plan to make it your first stop of the night to ensure no wait (Port of Call ALWAYS has a wait, so this is nothing). Even if you do have to wait, the bar on the other side of the restaurant makes excellent drinks, including all your favs from Port of Call that aren't listed on their menu. Yep, that's right, their bartenders will whip up your fav Port of Call specialty like my personal fav, the Monsoon. It's large enough to share with another person unless you are feeling brave and want to stumble down Frenchmen. 
I'm not quite sure how they do it all so well; the ingredients seem rather basic.... Their potatoes: Basic shredded cheese, imitation bacon bits, regular sourcream, nicely sautéd mushrooms - but it all just works. Who needs fries when you have the loaded baked potato as a side?  Be sure to add the sautéd  mushrooms to your burger as well, but totally not necessary.  Their chicken sandwich is also quite good as my husband orders it every other time when he's not ordering their burger med rare.
The atmosphere is very laid back.  There is a large window so you can people watch while you eat (and there is always lots to see on Frenchmen), you can hear the jazz music playing in the back room (it almost feels like an underground jazz club, you'd never even know there was a back to this establishment), and there are several well-known bars across the street and to either side that you can stop in at.  Also, there is a nice coffee shop with outside seating for after you stuff yourself here.  The restaurant isn't that large, so I wouldn't bring a large group here unless you go when they first open for dinner.  They don't open for lunch any day except Sundays, and you may want to go online and check their jazz schedule to plan when you can ensure a seat.   
As for service, we always have the same waiters and they are very attentive.  We love that their turn-around for the staff is very low and they always know us and remember what we like.  
In summation:  LARGE, nicely poured drinks served over crushed ice, amazing burgers that are the top in the city, and the best food item to ever be a side item at any restaurant (their baked potatoes).  You will be stuffed and happy leaving here.This place hosts great music EVERY night. I saw Donald Harrison one night, Delfeayo Marsalis's big band the next, and Herlin Riley tonight. That's pretty sweet. The venue is intimate and has a great sound/vibe which only makes the music that much better.
The only reason this doesn't get five stars is because it's really hard to reserve tickets--you can't do it online, you have to call a number that is seemingly always busy. You can't call until after 2PM every day and you should be prepared to call back about 30 times before you get someone on the other end. But if you're successful, then have a blast!I havent ever stepped back for the musical portion of Snug Harbor but after eating there 4 times now I gotta say the food is good but nothing exciting. In any conceivable way. I wasnt let down either. It's a safe decision but for the price, pretty uninspired.My family and I arrived at the restaurant right at its opening time, and was seated immediately. Our waiter was very attentive. I was enjoying my burger and loaded baked potato right up until I saw a roach crawling up the wall. I didn't finish my meal because I lost my appetite. I will not be returning.Amazingly comfy casual yet chic' jazz bar with some excellent options in a very small menu.  They do it right and I was pleasantly surprised they even got my steak temp perfect! This is what the waitress said they are known for so I ordered it and the rib eye was a huge portion. I ordered the house Cabernet and it was very pleasant to match the meal. 
They made sure I was in synch with the jazz show of winton  Marsalis to make this a amazing evening away from the typical chaos of the French quarter. I wish there were more stars to give them.When in New Orleans, one thing you should do is to go see Astral Project at Snug Harbor. Located on Frenchmen St in the Faubourg Marigny, this local institution is a great, cozy space where lots of NOLA entertainers have played. Most of the tables and chairs are regular height. But in the back by the main entrance to music hall, there is one high table with barstools that makes you feel like you are on a perch overlooking everything else. Get those seats if you can. After the show, you can cruise the Marigny for all kinds of treats...
Check out their website for event calendar. And most times the musical acts play twice in the evening (i.e., an 8 and 10 pm show)...
Charmaine Neville and Ellis Marsalis have regular gigs there and are worth checking out.
There is also a restaurant, but so far I've only gone to catch the jazz...I don't recommend this place. Save your money and go somewhere else. Food is bad, expensive and it smells funny. My wife ordered a salad and the lettuce was old and discolored. We both barely touched our food and it was $80 without alcohol. Definitely not worth it.We went to N.O for the music. fortunately we rented a house in the french quarter. We had not been in N.O for a few years. Snug Harbor was without a doubt the best gig in town, for us. I wasn't happy with the cover charge at first. With such few venues for good food and live music I can understand the cover charge. However, the hustler on the street offering free tickets to events, discounts, cash rewards and free meals could have spoiled the whole trip. Nothing is for free, there's always a catch.
Beware of fast talkers selling time share. I have to say that Snug harbor was a great end to the day. Located at the end of the parade route was an added bonus. We got to watch from the comfort of the dining room before the show. For anyone going to New Orleans for the music, stay home, the music is gone. The food and the bus tour  certainly makes up for the disappointment. However, I don't need to return again.Didn't eat here but came for the Jazz show. Jazz singer Germaine Bazzle made my night with her set of standards. Backed by a stellar trio she adds skillful scat to sure phrasing and can vocalize a muted horn as well. Only 86 years old, Bazzle exudes a sexy youthful energy. Don't believe me? Check her out on YouTube. Better still, catch her show at the Snug Harbor.A great recommendation. We were here early, like 7, so it worked out well. Big shout to to a great hostess Emma. You're great. 
I ordered the chargriled chicken with a side of salad. It was delicious. Really good service. Shoutout to Aaron. 
Would highly recommend this place.Cockroaches. On the walls. On our table.
Only noticed when we were close to the end of our way-not-worth-it meal. 
*CRINGE*  *SHUDDER*  *GAG*