We were sitting next door at a local bar wondering what to do for lunch. I got on yelp and found SoBou right next door. It exceeded its rating and blew us away. The setting is gorgeous. The yellowfin cones and duck beignets were amazing. The service was great. And they had a list of 25c Martinis to boot! This was a true find.My friends and I were staying at the W New Orleans and wanted a quick bit before going out. SoBou is practically connected to the W so we chose to eat there. We were told to wait 20-25 mins even though there was plenty of open seats but because we stayed at the hotel they were gonna try and seat us sooner. We went to the bar to get drinks while we waited. I ordered a margarita on the rocks and it was one of the best I've ever had. Once we sat down, the server brought menus but didn't ask if we needed anything and didn't come back for awhile. I'm not sure if they were understaffed that night (it was St Paddys Day). I ordered the Crispy Oyster Taco, which was delicious. Overall, I would come back again but would sit at the bar instead.This place has an old apothecary vibe and has antique medicine bottles in all the windows. It is a higher end (as in spending) place but is well worth the money, so be prepared.
Two people of modest means would do well to mimic what we did. 
We got three tapas style appetizers and one shared main course. They are also known for there fabulous bar so take advantage of the knowledgable wait staff and don't forget the cocktail. 
For the tapas section of our meal we had: 
A. Pecan smoked chicken and mushroom gumbo. The best gumbo I've ever had.
B. Sobou Burger (think slider) with pepper jack cheese and caramelized onions. A well cooked burger. It tasted wonderful.
C. Yellowfin Tuna en Escabeche (think cold thin sliced almost raw tuna on a bed of...) This was amazing 
The main course Louisiana Beaux Fish & Blue Crab. It was very good. Perfectly done it flaked with your folk and mixed well with the sweetness of the crab meat. It sat on a bed of pickled cooked collard greens. 
Our drinks were great as well. She had a 'Paris Between the Wars' and I had two beers. The first was from Nolas own brewery and was the lighter of the two. It was a Rebirth Ale and had a medium body to it. The second was an IPA and it was great.
The only thing I didn't like was that they served 'Foie Gras' and is the reason for my 3 star rating. I urge the establishment to  quietly take this from the menu and stop serving it.Beer taps right at the table!!  Food presentation was great and flavorful.  Skirt steak and others were enjoyed.Hands down some of the best food I had in New Orleans!! The cocktails were great. My 4 friends and I decided to split 8 small plates which was a wonderful idea because we got to try everything. There was not 1 dish we didn't enjoy. The waitstaff was attentive and polite and we had a wonderful night.
Make reservations beforehand because the place gets packed!!Ate there April 2018, our server Brian was darling. We had the seafood gumbo, crawfish bisque, yellowfin tuna and avocado ice cream (yes, thats right), and the pecan/peanut butter dessert. It was all delicious. The happy hour was terrific as well. We missed the 25cent martinis (yes, they have a 25cent martini happy hour) but we still were able to get a good happy hour and well worth the effort. 
Would recommend to others in the future.I had Chef Juan Carlos' tasting menu, which came with a "Rowdy Hawaiian" cocktail, which has rum and gin along with mango puree, tiki bitters, and lemon.  Pretty tasty.  As for the food, I chose the pork belly steam bun for starters, and yep just as you'd imagine it was incredible. But there is only one steam bun.  Seriously that needs to be a dish that comes with 2 or 3 because after anyone eats the first one they will be wishing for more. I would have be content to have those all night and nothing else.   Nevertheless for my main course I had the crispy chicken on the bone.  Very creative dish, It is sort of a sweet and spicy tempura chicken.  The sweet comes from the guava jelly and the spicy from the Crystal hot sauce.  I thought it was a generous portion, 3 big full chicken wings. For dessert I had the watermelon sorbet.  Probably my least favorite part of the meal.  Something about it just tasted off, and for dessert I gotta love it or its not worth it.
The restaurant itself is clean and beautiful.  I thought the servers and hostess were very accommodating and attentive.  Overall, my kind of place.  If I lived locally I  would keep my eye on it to see what new creations they've come up with.  I think they like to keep it fresh and try new things, which I really respect.  When I next return to NOLA I'll probably stop by.When we were here a couple years ago, this was an Italian restaurant next to the W and we were lucky enough to sit next to Spike Lee.  
Now this is more of a beautifully designed nouveau southern restaurant with good drinks and interesting menu items.  The duck confit was excellent, except for the unnecessary sweet sauce, and the cochon de lait gumbo was divine.  
Our waitress was the sweetest, but the bartenders were rough.  Don't get me wrong, I love snarky bartenders when they are good, and these were very good bartenders.  In particular, the tough lady with the tattoos made amazing drinks.  
Ok, I did my research and the bartender lady is Abigail Deirdre Gullo.  She is the 'head bar chef' and the person you want making your drinks.  Her passion for making good cocktails rivals my passion for drinking good cocktails.Contrary to all of these other reviews, I thought that the service was great! Our server was very friendly and the food was served in no time!
Butternut Squash Beignets: Tasty, loved the sauce. Tasted like chicken and waffles. It has duck inside, but you can barely taste it. 
Crispy Oyster Taco: Kinda dry... Dipping it with the Foie Gras sauce = amazing! 
Mac and Cheese: It has BACON! Had a smokey taste.
Foie Gras Burger: It was okay...
Iron Flat Steak: The steak was pretty tasty, but I didn't like the spinach salad that came as a side.Called ahead to pay for my sister's drinks on her wedding night. Manager took my call, explained the process and was a perfect gentleman.  My sister told me that it was great and that the manager personally came out to congratulate them and say that I had covered the check. Very, very guest focused!This place was fantastic. The chicken is some of the best chicken I have ever had - something about the spices + the crispy outside, juicy inside + chimichurri like sauce on top. Was heavenly. Also loved the steak w/ roasted tomatoes, the artichoke+corn tamales (which are nothing like tamales but still super delicious), the special tomato soup which had some kick to it, and the sweet potato beingets. The kale salad was decent (maybe should massage kale before serving next time). Wine list had some reasonably priced options. all i all a great experience.Came for lunch and came back for dinner!  The food was delicious. The beignets made that cafe we all know the name of look like plain donuts!  The sauces they use are amazing. Our waitress was great too!!I'm giving SoBou 4 stars because I really enjoyed the food I had for lunch.  I had an oyster taco and boudin balls.  The boudin balls stole the show, they very tasty. They were close to being on the salty side, but for me, it was perfect.  
The oyster taco was pretty good as well. What you think are green peppers on top are actually jalapeno peppers, so it had a surprising kick, which I enjoyed. The only gripe I have about the taco is that the oysters weren't the star in the dish. There were too many ingredientes on the taco for the oyster flavor to really come out. I think if it had more oysters, it would have been amazing. 
Overall, I recommend the place for a tasty lunch.Excellent cuisine in a high end but casual setting. The look and feel of the restaurant is New York rather than New Orleans - and that's a bit of a downside perhaps - but the food is outstanding. SoBou offers an inventive, creative take on New Orleans cooking. You can't go wrong, as long as you don't mind the relatively high prices.Sweet potato beignets stellar. Gorgeous modern decor. Staff friendly and attentive. Perfect, quieter brunch spot.Absolutely wonderful. Sobou's menu features an eclectic mix of items, paired in unexpected ways. There is a group of small bites and snacks meant to be shared, and then some "big bites" aka entrees.
We ordered 2 snacks, 2 small bites and one entree to share between 2. This was just right.
- bluefin tuna cones - ice cream cone with ceviche and tuna at the bottom - MUST get!
- pork skin - for $1 might as well 
- gumbo Du jour which was shrimp and okra - the natural "sliminess" added an interesting texture to the gumbo. I liked it since I love okra but if you don't, this might not be up your alley
- pork belly steam bun - pork belly was so tasty and tender. It reminded us of a dish we had in Puerto Rico, and it turns out the chef is Puerto Rican!
- foie gras burger - the foie gras-infused ice cream float was unique and rich. Yummy dish though we didn't know it came with pork skin so was pretty sick of pork skin by this point.
Total came to $60+ with tip which was reasonable. Great service too and our server was very knowledgeable about all the dishes.
We made reservations at 8.15 pm on a Tuesday night in march (turns out reservations weren't necessary since there were several open tables).Wow. Just wow. SoBou is creating the most inventive food in New Orleans and some of the best cocktails I've ever had. I stopped by around 6 PM on a Wednesday. I was dining alone and got a nice stop in the front of the restaurant. It is so sleek looking inside. I love the lit bottles all over the walls. I had a pleasant time talking to an older couple to my side. I started with the Georgia O'Keefe. I think this might have been one of the best cocktails I've ever had! It was just so delicious and perfect. I didn't even know there was such a thing as honeysuckle vodka. I then got the Yellowfin Tuna Cones. They are just as good as everyone says they are. Kind of like tuna ceviche on the bottom with avocado ice cream on top. Interesting texture and flavor combination. I then got the Shrimp and Tasso Pinchos. Great sauce on top. I just wish there was more tasso on each one. I liked the grilled pineapple on the bottom too. Really, really enjoyed the Smashed Red Beans and Ham Hocks too. Spicy flavor, and such a new way to eat red beans. The crackers they were served with were awesome too. I wasn't crazy about the ham hock terrine, but it was still good. I loved my waitress too! She was super nice and accomodating. Very, very highly recommended!I've been several times and ALWAYS EXCELLENT!!! Alex is the waiter you want and the Yellowfin Tuna ice cream cones is what you need!"SoBou is a twenty-five cent martini." 
Food: 5 (whoa)
Atmosphere: 5 (plush)
Value: 5 (martinis.  $0.25.  Not kidding)
Drinks: 5 (Excellently crafted)
Service: 5 (I want to take Sonja home with me)
Sustainability: 2
In the words of Stephon from Saturday Night Live: This place has everything.
SoBou is named  using the Soho, Nopo, and Tribeca convention: simply put, it means South of Bourbon.  Just a few blocks from the grimey, douche-filled, neon cesspool of Bourbon Street in New Orleans is a classy, snazzy, affordable, small-plate diner that is an amazing fusion of Cajun and global influences.
I have to lead with the fact that the day before, I had what I thought was the best meal of my life at SoBou's sister restaurant, Commander's Palace.  But just like seeing Sigur Rós a few months after seeing Dead Can Dance, this place was just a few hairs better.
SoBou's classy, modern interior is fairly typical of a high-end hotel restaurant.  As you walk in, you're flanked by glass shelves housing colored, empty bottles.  In the dining area, it is tastefully decorated in glass and mirrors.
We were shown to our seat in the not-too-busy dining room (it was two in the afternoon, after all) and the best waitress we have ever had (Sonja) greeted us and helped us with recommendations of what to order.  Throughout the meal, we traded quips, jokes, and stories. "I'll have a Gin/Dirty."
"Are you hitting on me?"
Alright, I could go on and on about how I want to hump Sonja's leg, but I'll spare you. 
YOU MUST TRY THE Yellowfin Tuna Cones ($8 for two). This is one of the most inventive, fusion foods I have ever tasted. Not only was there a fairly savory avocado ice cream ball on this, making it creamy and cold, but then, underneath was the gush of sashimi yellowtail, in its slightly salty glory, mixed with the sweetness and sourness of diced pineapple.  I could hardly believe the signals travelling to my brain: every taste bud was excited.
Next, we shared the Smoked Crawfish & Cognac Bisque ($8 and worth every cent), which was topped with crawfish popcorn.  Instead of making us all greedily spoon up and share this foodgasm-inducing nectar, Sonja gave us tiny cups.  I had one spoonful and my sister said, "Is that a tear?"
"I'm. So. Happy. Right. Now."
That's right, the Guy Who Doesn't Like Soup actually cried over soup.  This bisque had the velvety qualities of the most perfect soup, while being both salty and slightly sour-boozy.  The crunch of the crawfish popcorn just reinforced that texture-lovers (of which I thought I was not) will love this place. 
The Ponchatoula Strawberry Salad ($8) had the sweet and sour of strawberries with the understated tang of white balsamic vinegar and gorgonzola cheese. This was a far cry from the pathetic iceberg-and-blue-cheese the South is famous for.
The Grilled Alligator Sausage ($7) was soft, smoky, spicy, and came with three complementary sauces, a mustard, an aioli (maybe with sriracha?) and a chimichurri.  The pickled okra that accompanied it was almost crunchy and slightly sour.   Butternut Squash Beignets ($12) are nothing like the powder-sugar-coated desserts you get at Café Du Monde.  These were perfectly fried on the outside so that it was slightly crunchy, giving way to a near molten (in texture only) interior.  While the duck didn't really come through, it didn't matter.   The Mac N' Cheese ($6) was classic, employing applewood-smoked bacon for flavor and crunch and cooked in a cast-iron dish.  Hot and melty, this was a high-class version of an American classic.  The large penne noodles were coated in a gooey, not-too-stringy cheese.
The very last thing I have to add is the glorious truth of a new term coined from this meal. I'll use it in context: "SoBou is a twenty-five cent martini,"  meaning that it has twenty-five cent martinis for lunch.  And that is six kinds of awesome. The menu does say that you're limited to three "...because that's enough," but no matter. These are not skimpy, watered-down martinis: these are real, crafted martinis with a dash of vermouth, olive juice, vodka or gin, and olives. If you thought that the meal was expensive (I didn't), this seals the deal on value. The three of us--I'm being completely serious here and I have photographic evidence--had nine martinis, $90 worth at minimum, for a total of $2.25.
Go.  And go quickly.  And tell Sonja hi from Cedric...Cool decor, slow and rather disinterested service.  Interesting trendy takes on Southern dishes but a very "yankee" or LA-inspired urban feel.  The ghost pepper cotton candy sounded interesting but really wasn't all that great.  The pineapple prawn appetizer was excellent and the panna cotta dessert that looked like caprese salad was tasty and eye appealing.
It's priced and sized as small plate/tapas and portions do run on the small side. The chicken/pear salad was good but incredibly small.
The cocktails were creative and good.  I'd come back next time I'm in New Orleans but more likely to stick with apps and drinks.Best cocktails on Chartres St thanks to our amazing bartender, Trey! Bring on the bloody Mary's!I went to SoBou while traveling for work in New Orleans!  I was blown away by the food and the craft cocktails. I highly recommend SoBou!  Our bartender Chris made sure we were well taken care of!Ambiance:  5 stars.  This place is nice, clean, and modern.  The noise level is just right for enjoyment and good conversation.  The lighting is appropriate, not too dim and not overpowering.  Decor itself is very modern and stylish.
Service:  5 stars.  Was made to feel welcome and valued from the host greeting throughout the dinner service and to the very end.  Our waitress was friendly and attentive without being overbearing, and yet I never had to call for her attention.  Truly skilled.
Food:  2 Stars from me and 4 from my partner.  I personally found it too experimental and deconstructed.  For my meal, the sauce really matched the grilled vegetables but wasn't quite right for the meat.  The appetizers were largely unpleasant mainly due to texture and not actually due to the taste.  Prices were very inflated for the quality and quantity of the food being received.  My partner however found it largely innovative and playful, so if you are more adventurous itty-bitty might be for you.
Drunk:  2 Stars from me and 4 from my partner.Go early for drinks because they keep grandma hours and will be closed by 10. Such a tragedy.We stay at the W hotel every time we come to New Orleans. Made reservations on Opentable. Upon arriving, the host was incredibly rude and told us that we would still have to wait 30+ minutes for a table. The host was strangely aggressive/dismissive. Other people who came up to the host stand after us received similar treatment. Let's be honest. It's NOLA, there's no reason to accept being treated like that. SoBou is a glorified chain restaurant (we've eaten there on previous trips). The host was acting like it was some uber-exclusive club and we were annoying him by even speaking. We walked out and will never return.Very beautiful decor, friendly staff, mellow scene, and the food is AMAZING! Had the Gumbo, Shrimp salad, and the sweet potato beignets. It all was delicious! Would highly highly recommend.So happy we stopped in during our stay in Nola. The lighting creates a chill atmosphere and the food and drink presentation is impeccable. Service is great also, Jared and Jeb were amazing! They were very knowledgeable on the drinks and attentive even though they were super busy.SoBou created an exceptional New Year's Eve dinner service. Not only were dinner reservations easily made through Open Table, we were also able to push our reservation time to 6:30PM with ease when we knew we'd be running late. The duck leg and pork chop were prepared perfectly, but the stars of the night were the Smoke Turkey Gumbo with Foie Gras Boudin Balls and the Collard Greens braised in house made barreled aged cherry infused gin.Atmosphere - 4.5/5
Food - 5/5
Service - 4/5
Tip: Don't miss the ribs with spicy cotton candy. Absolutely delicious!Unfortunately, I have a very bad review of SoBou.  I was very excited to go here especially because of the family of restaurants it is in.  I went with a group, a total of 9 people.  Out of those 9, 8 of us were very unhappy with our meals, and we all got something different.  We were all collectively unhappy with the appetizers we got, which was a wide variety.  The cracklin looked like it was out of a vending machine, very disappointing.  The idea of the pour your own beer and wine is a fun one, however our group was too large to accomodate us at one of those tables.  Overall, the decor is very fun and pretty inside, but I would not recommend someone to go and experience the food there.  Go to Commanders or Revolution, much better.The restaurant is located within the W hotel and comes with my highest of recommendation. To start, the aesthetics are well designed and the cleanliness factor is exceptional. The chef (well deserved title) maintains a menu that includes tapas as well as, full plate meals -that are most delicious. The SoBou changes up its design elements to include an area for conversation -which has a few tables with built in beer taps, a nice bar with a television, an area with 8 to 10 tables at street level -which is bright and appears to be "tuned" for breakfast as well as, a dining area that is three steps elevated from the street which is designed with the use of intriguing lighting and a wall decoration that is based on infinity object visualization. The wait staff are both pleasant and knowledgeable and their "follow ups" are synchronized with the short pauses as the patrons eat their meals. Our favorite contributor was Joshua and at our last night of dining, the General Manager: Lelia stopped by to ensure our visit was at or better than our expectations.  My suggestion: Must visit!My best food experience in New Orleans. Shrimp & tasso pinchos on grilled pineapple are simply amazing. We tried also some cocktails and are really good, especially the Rowdy Hawaiian with cilantro infused Gin, mango and lemon. Very good!! Staff is really nice and welcoming! The restaurant is elegant and curated in the interiors. Great experience!I went on a Thursday afternoon on a break from my conference. The person who sat me at the bar was awesome - really nice and friendly. The bartender as well. They made me veggie taco's and they were not only inexpensive but delicious. The sauce was a little salty - that's the only negative. I enjoyed the presentation and had a nice lunch.Ehhhh, no. I'm confused about how this place has such great reviews. I'm sitting at the table now with 5 friends on a Bach party. We haven't seen our waitress in over 20 minutes and just refilled our own champagne glasses... so overall, it's empty in here, the service is bad, the food is average. Way better restaurants in NOLA to spend $100pp on dinner. The menu is hard to interpret. Fish arrived as just fish for $34. Will not return or recommend...So glad we happened upon this great place for lunch! Delicious food, perfect portions (a little on the smaller side). Our waiter was absolutely wonderful and very helpful - impossible to be unhappy with him as your server. I would love to come back and have dinner here, as I'm sure it is equally as enjoyable.I should finish this long languishing review of the SoBou bar now, since the lovely Abigail will no longer be running their program. 
I always plan to eat at the restaurant and somehow it never happens. I just end up hanging out at the bar and having snacks. The cone with tuna and avocado ice cream is delicious.  They make an *EXCELLENT* old fashioned and this includes the special carnival one that had a king cake baby encased in ice...king cake baby Han Solo!
The space is inviting and modern while honoring the exposed brick and history one expects in the FQ. The staff has always been wonderful to me. The happy hour is a great deal from 3 to 6 every day of the week with food and cava for $4.
Now I just need to unpark my caboose from a bar stool and actually eat dinner here.Excellent food and service. Had the heirloom tomato salad and pork bun and both were delicious.Husband and I went here for lunch and really enjoyed this place.
The interior is pretty trendy, but not off putting. It's actually a fairly large space, with three dining areas, including the bar. There's room for large parties as well as many smaller tables scattered throughout. Our server was really great - he reminded us of their 25 cent martinis during lunch, gave us some really good recommendations on food, and even gave us fun little necklaces with a bell on them that the restaurant had for the holidays (we were there prior to Christmas).
Everything I tried was good to great. The oyster taco was probably the low point for me and even that was still pretty good; the tortilla was a little too griddled-tasting for me, but the oysters were nicely done. The shrimp and tasso pinchos was really good - grilled shrimp on skewers that were stuck into a grilled pineapple steak with an amazing sauce. Funnily enough, the roasted veg that I got as a side was actually my favorite - incredibly fresh tasting, dressed simply, and cooked to perfection. I was so happy with them.  My husband enjoyed his alligator sausage and mac and cheese. 
For the quality of the food and service, the prices were exactly what I expected. This was my favorite meal while in NOLA!Dinner is phenomenal, most of the dishes were delicious, the gulf fish is exceptionally amazing. Breakfast here is good. I love the surf and turf and who dat breakfast. For the 100 mile egg frittata is not so good, it's basically egg whites with various beans on top. Fresh fruit is not good either, $6 for 2 dried slices of grapefruit with a slice of orange sprinkle with blue berries and 2 small strawberries.
Nevertheless, the decor is chic and stylish. Waiters and waitresses are friendly and helpful. Definitely check this place out!We ate at sobou the other night with a party of 14 people. The food and service were amazing, they were very accommodating and had great food.My husband and I enjoyed a wonderful weekend in New Orleans and we stayed at the W in the French Quarter.  We had a lovely dinner at SoBou, the restaurant there, and I'm eager to recommend it.
First, our waitress, Sonya, was great.  When we remarked at how impressed we were by the genuine warmth of all the staff at the hotel and restaurant, she said that she feels she and her diners "are enjoying our evening together" - and that kind of southern hospitality is evident in each aspect of dining at SoBou.  Fantastic.
Sonya recommended cocktails for us, and we greatly enjoyed them both.  Unfortunately I do not remember the details (ironic!) but mine had elderberry and lavender and was fragrant and yummy.  My husband's was a bit more aggressive with gin but he also enjoyed his!
My husband had a special Starwood Preferred Guest menu although I chose to order from the regular offerings.  His meal started with "COCHON DE LAIT GUMBO" which he felt was flavorful.  He then had a small steak which was good although nothing special.  He also had "CRISPY BOUDIN BALLS" which he found to be interesting and tasty.
I don't eat seafood, which is a bit of a disadvantage in NOLA, but my SoBou experience was absolutely A+!  I enjoyed "CRISPY CHICKEN ON THE BONE:
Tanglewood Farms chicken confit with Crystal hot sauce sweet soy glaze" (photo attached).  The portion looked small but was absolutely ample and each bite was tastier than the last.  The outside of the chicken was crispy and tangy and the inside was moist and perfectly cooked.  So, so yummy.  I had "THE FRIES" on the side and my husband loved the cayenne ketchup side.  
The real winner, however, was the epic "CHERRIES JUBILEE BREAD PUDDING: brandied cherries with Tahitian vanilla bean ice cream."  Enough good things cannot be said about this dessert.  I was sad when it was over.  It was perfect.
It was a bit strange not to have bread or crackers or some small nibble while we waited for our food (although certainly the wait time was not very long), so I requested some bread to go with our meal, and Sonya brought us crispy bread fresh from the grill, which was nice.
Overall, a great evening - and really reasonably priced.  Try SoBou - you will not be disappointed!  :)Sat down for a nice lunch, waited 10 minutes and waiter never showed , so we left. Weird vibes.Service was ok, not amazing. Food was ok, not amazing. Decent flavors but nothing that blew me away - some people seem to really like it here, I guess I'm not one.Awesome atmosphere. Some of the coolest most original dishes I've had in New Orleans. I can't wait to go again and try something else from the list. I only got a small plate next time I think I'll get a big plate. Great service tooSoBou was great! We had a reservation for 8:30 and was seated very quickly. There wasn't a lot of people in the restaurant and that was fine by us.
Their dinner menu is split into "Snacky Things" which are appetizers, "Small bites" are more similar to tapas, "big bites" entrees etc etc. We ordered The Fries & boudin balls under the Snacky Things category and they were delicious. The fries are served with a pickled mayo and are salty (MY FAVE) & a little bit spicy. We had the sweet potato beignets! Foie grad fondue and coffee ganache. The boy was nervous about trying it but he said it was his favorite. We shared a pasta dish it was papardelle with mushroom ragu. Perfect amount of food for dinner and the service was top notch.
The server recommended ordering the cherrie jubilee & bread pudding for dessert. We noticed there was a disclaimer on the bottom that said to please allow 25 minutes for the dessert to come out. It came out in 15 minutes. Please do yourself a favor and order it.
4 stars instead of 5 because it was GOOD it just wasn't PHENOMENAL. I don't give out 5 stars all willy nilly!Foie Gras burger, Boudin balls, sweet potato beignets & Yellowfin tuna cones (amazing!) and some good local beers were just some of the dishes we ate on a quiet Tuesday night.
The design and style of the place was original and the menu was really 21st century...but it worked well. A lovely server who'd moved from Alaska rounded off the evening. Very enjoyable.We spent our last night out in New Orleans dining at SoBou. It was a great experience. The service and food were both top-notch. The best dish of the night was the gumbo. They serve theirs with mash potatoes and it was delicious!SoBou was a lot of fun, great small tasting plates.  We had no problems getting a table but it was early, seemed to fill up quickly so reservations are recommended.  They have a really nice bar too so it would be a great place to hang out in the French Quarter.I can not say enough good things about Sobou. We had amazing service with very attentive staff. Our drinks were perfect and the food.... I don't know where to start. The sweet potato beignet are to die for, the Colorado lamb bites where flavorful and delicious. I loved my yellowfin tuna cones, the avocado and basil ice cream was a tasty blend of sweet and savory.Order the legs and eggs! The chicken is fantastic. The blackend drum and fillet combo was a great awesome. Great service nice ambience. Order the Not Pecan Pie to finish off the experience!Best biscuits in all of New Orleans!!!!!!!!
They are only available for breakfast so be sure to stop by in the morning...Service was terrible. We walked in and were told it was a 20 min wait and there were several empty tables. When I questioned the wait I was told it was because they only had two servers. How do you only have two servers on Memorial Day? We waited in the bar and that was a whole other experience. The bartender acted as if he had better things to do and seemed bothered we were asking him to do his job. Food was very salty and our several made a casual appearance  about every 15-20 mins. The drinks were okay. It was just a bad overall experience. The decor was awesome but didn't match the service level.Everyone in my party was very happy with our experience at SoBou. The food was great, very good service, nice atmosphere and a very good value for the quality of food. Our favorite was the yellowfin tuna cones- amazing! We also really liked the crawfish remoulade, sweet potato beignets and crispy chicken on the bone. We were not a huge fan of the three little pigs.We came by for dinner based on Yelp reviews and were very pleased. I called 30 minutes in advance. Although they were booked, they were able to squeeze in a party of three.
Great atmosphere, menu selection, service, and prices.  We had the grilled shrimp salad, rib sandwich, strawberry salad, draft beer, champagne and a complimentary round of hurricane shooters. Everything was delicious! Perfect ending to our amazing Louisiana trip.The menu is small but in our party of 6 we managed to get a great sampling of the entire small bites menu and a few large bites too. The wine list is well rounded and our waiter was professional and attentive. I think our hearts melted with the sweet potato beignets but I definitely recommend the shrimp ajillo too. Trust me, you won't go wrong with anything you order here- so delish!!!Food is phenomenal!  Service was very friendly, but very very slow.  Lots of fun, unique cocktails.  Dessert ... the pecan pie, not pie might be the best thing Ive ever tasted!I feel awful giving this place a 2 star review, but that is exactly what it was- a 2 star experience.
We dined at Sobou during their Sunday "Legs and Eggs" brunch. I understand that there was a show- I get it... but the jazz music was incredibly loud. We couldn't enjoy the company of our guests. We had to request to move. They were very accommodating and moved our table of 8 to another location. 
After sitting down in our new location- our waitress took our drink order. It took a good 20 minutes to receive our first round of drinks- at which point- 3 drinks were knocked over. Again- causing a delay in receiving the drinks. The waitress brought over a round of shots- which was a very nice gesture. All good.
After another 40 minutes- we had to request that our meal order be taken. The menu was never explained. We decided to order all 3 of our menu selections at once (appetizer, entree, and dessert) due to the wait time to get our drinks. After a good 30 minutes- our appetizers were sent out. At which time- two of our guests didn't receive theirs. After six guests finished their appetizer- the remaining two appetizers were sent out. During this time- our water glasses were not refilled.
The waitress came out to review our entree order - mind you it is now 2 hours AFTER we sat down. After talking to the manager- our entree was delivered. At which point- the manager blamed the lack of service on our being moved and the kitchen staff. Not very appropriate.
The meals were cold. Clear that they had been sitting under the lamp for a while. Again- we had to ask for water service. The desserts took a bit of time to come out as well. After over 3 hours- we were finally finished our meal. The drinks were not very good, the service was awful (SLOW) , the food was delicious. Our drinks were taken out of the bill; however, 2 had to be sent back and 1 didn't arrive until we were well into the dessert. 
Based on the food and the attempts to make up for the experience- I'm giving 2 stars. The lack of attention to the guests, the VERY slow service- cause me to only give the rest. two stars.Amazing. Absolutely amazing and delicious. I came here with some coworkers for coolinary during lunch. I am now going to be coming back for dinner. I had the pulled pork cheesesteak and yellowfin tuma appetizer. Both extremely satisfying and filling. Plus the 25cent martinis that were not watered down but an actual martini was the perfect addition to the lunch. We didn't try any dessert because we were so full. Definitely recommend others to come try it out. Their regular menu looks just as delicious.Everything was great at SoBou. I had the funnycide and old fashion as cocktails and ordered the SoBou burger and smokey brisket steam bun for a meal - to save space for the cherries jubilee & white chocolate bread pudding. All of it was awesome!Went during "coolinary week" and got great deal on a 3-course meal. The place has a cool atmosphere, on the French quarter, absolutely great food presented very nicely and refined. The lit bottles display is a nice touch. I had the hanger steak and it was cooked to perfection. This is my 2nd time and it won't be the last.Had a party of five at SoBou during a conference for dinner.  We ordered family style so that everything could be shared.  I probably wouldn't do that again.  Some of the items were very good.  The family style is a great option; I just would have rather ordered my own meal next time.  I loved the room and the look of the restaurant.  Looking forward to going back.I booked reservations for NYE about 2 months in advance. New Orleans food is amazing--I mean it. But for what it is, I think SoBou is overrated. The sweet potato beignets (everyone raved about them on yelp) were smothered in duck gravy. I'm a vegetarian, so womp, womp for me. But even then, my meat loving bf wasn't impressed. I then ordered the fish special with lobster meat, that was actually delicious. STILL-I had been to another hole in the wall place and ordered fish for 1/4 of the price that was better (yes, BETTER). The cocktails were also underwhelming. 
HOWEVER- the saving grace for me: bread pudding. I really loved this dish. And for as good as it was (and it was), it wasn't the best bread pudding I've ever had.
That all being said, the ambiance of the restaurant was great. I really enjoyed the experience and the service. While I thought the food was underwhelming for the price, I know that I was paying for more than just the food. I would still recommend this place for a nice night out.My husband, our friends and I ate here on our first night in NOLA and WOW!  What a fantastic decision.
Our server Alixandra was wonderful.  She was helpful, friendly, funny and very professional.  It is hard to find the caliber of service that Alixandra provided us and she helped make our evening at SoBou a truly memorable one.
The food was outstanding, very original and delicious!  We thoroughly enjoyed every single bite of every dish we ate.  Our personal favorites were the Yellowfin Tuna Cones, Shrimp and Tasso Pinchos and the Crispy Oyster Tacos.  
The chef has put so much thought into designing his dishes that they are original and are perfectly balanced so each bite is a flavor explosion.
If you are looking for amazing food that is not only a meal but an experience, SoBou is a MUST!We ate at SoBou for dinner on Saturday night. We called ahead to see if seating would be a problem, but due to it being the weekend for Southern Decadence, they couldn't tell us for sure how busy they expected to be. We said "Oh well", and decided to take a chance anyways. Arrive a little after 7 and no wait for a table of six. Hooray!
I wasn't feeling very hungry so between the boyfriend and I, we ordered the Cochon De Lait Gumbo, a Crispy Oyster Taco, the SoBou Burger, and Boudin Balls. Out of the 4 things, I think the gumbo was my favorite. Outstanding flavor and had a nice thickness to it. The oyster taco was also good as it was topped with pineapple ceviche, mirliton & cajun ghost pepper caviar. However, I thought the topping gave most of the flavor as I couldn't really taste the oysters. I had a bite of my bf's burger which was a 1/4 lb griddled patty topped with bruléed onions, pepper jack cheese, pickled okra mayo, and cayenne ketchup served on a brioche bun. It was a good burger, but nothing spectacular. As for the boudin balls, they were okay as well and nothing to be excited about. They had a nice texture, but I've definitely had better elsewhere.
As for service, I must say it was very hard to flag down our waiter. I don't know if it was because he had a lot of tables, but we would always see him serving other tables then disappear before we could flag him down. Very hard especially when he had split our checks wrong. He was able to correct his mistake without us telling him so that was nice. Just would have like to have a more attentive server.The menu is a little different but I loved everything I tried. The decor is so modern; nice setting for a romantic dinner or small dinner with friends.Wow! What a special meal. We called in advance to inform the restaurant we were joining them for my sister's bachelorette party. We were greeted with a gorgeous table complete with balloons and shots, and prosecco promptly came out after. Our server maritza was AWESOME. Lovely, charming, and gave us terrific recommendations. We loved the tamales and the yellowfin cones for starters, and for mains the foie gras burger really did me in in the best way. Definitely worth a visit!The gang behind the bar are all fabulous, happy hours specials were a deal and all delicious. Three words. Sweet potato beignets. "Nuff said. Went back for dinner and was equally impressed. Love the décor, great wine list, friendly staff and a nice spin some regional classics.Solid 4 and close to a 5.  Great space, great service, great food on all counts.  The best food during our trip to the Quarter.Minimalist in décor and menu.  Our table had fried chicken, SoBou burger, mac n cheese, fries, and apple & pear salad with shrimp.  Don't be fooled by the homey sounding offerings, because the servings are smaller than average; however, the food was delicious.  While we enjoyed our food, I do wish SoBou offered more variety.  On the night we dined, the majority of entrees involved duck or fois gras, which are not our favorites.Stopped in for a drink and an app. Loved the Rowdy Hawaiian! You had me at cilantro gin. The sweet lady behind the bar brought me squash soup with a ladle of garlic mashed potatoes in the center. Perfection!! I saw her making lavender Tom Collins that looked amazing! Wish I would have ordered one of those!!Food was amazing, best gumbo I've ever had! and Jimika our server made our dining experience one to remember. So knowledgeable about everything on the menu, and impeccable service!It's hard to only give this place one star because the food is fabulous. However the service was so bad it completely overshadowed everything else, and with the prices being what they are you expect top notch treatment. 
Being a local, we are always looking for fun things to try, and when we heard about their Legg's and Egg's Burlesque Bruch we were excited planned our visit during a time when we were hosting company. I should mention that I was in the restaurant industry for 10 years, and our visiting guest has been in hospitality for 20+ years. We had a reservation, and were seated promptly after arriving. After waiting about 15 minutes the hostess came back to our table a said a server would be with us shortly and offered to bing us water, no applogy for the wait. About a minute later our server did show up. We order cocktails and asked about the specials. After taking our drink order, she disappeared again or another 15 minutes. When she came back she had only 2 of our 3 drinks, she had forgotten to put in the request for the other one. We thought about paying for our drinks and going elsewhere, but since we had been looking forward to this we choose to stick it out. 
The rest of the meal went about as good as you could expect after a start like that. We did get all three courses and they were timed well, but the food runners did not seem to know their seat numbers and had to auction off the food every time. When they cleared away our courses, they took our silverware and did not replace it. We ended up grabbing it off of a near by table. When we ordered another round of cocktails, she again forgot one. When the bill came, we did tip 20% but we will not be back.Happened to have lunch here with a friend after passing by it often. The overall aesthetic of the restaurant is spectacular. We sat at the bar and were helped by Jared and Caroline. We couldn't have asked for better service. I suggest trying the little tuna/ice cream/ceviche pops. They're out of this world.I was extremely disappointed in this place. I'm from richmond Virginia and found this restaurant via yelp. It had great reviews and had .25 martinis, how could you go wrong? We went in for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. We were one of 4 tables probably. We came in during restaurant week, we thought we totally lucked out! An appetizer and entree for $20. I ordered the crab bisque and the watermelon caprese  salad; it was pretty good! Good flavor, nice seasoning. My boyfriend ordered a cup of the crab bisque. Our server let us know that the cup was rather small, and asked if he'd like a bowl, so obviously, sure why not. After our sever being extremely inattentive, and somewhat rude, we asked for our check. My boyfriend was charged $16 for a bowl of soup. (2 cups) it was pretty clear that the server was solely trying to up his check cost. We really wanted to check out commanders palace! But, after this experience, we won't be visiting another establishment. Try another local restaurant!First time I have made it to SoBou but I will be back, namely because I think we ordered all of the small bites on the menu and could not order any of the main courses. 
The drink menu is really something to look forward to, I cannot wait to they put their menu up so I can get ready for next time.
I think my favorite small bite was the fried cracklings with the pimento cheese fondue, it was amazing, the cracklings were fresh and hot, and the cheese went great with it.
Also enjoyed the duck debris and butternut squash beignets, and the andouille-and-tasso boulettes came in a small bowl of meatballs in a rich spicy tomato sauce. Also loved the pork belly but then again how could you  not.
The service was very good, the waitress made sure we knew what each dish was like and even reminded me when she brought them to the table.  
So I cannot wait until next time.... SoBou get a menu up on the web soon so people can see the great dishes yall have came up with.SoBou?  Don't you mean SoDelicious? (sorry, had to be done)
I recently had an excellent meal at SoBou.
We started with the Cajun Queso.  It was good, but with all the other delicious-sounding things on the menu, I probably will not order it again. SoBou also answered my eternal NOLA wish with their Butternut Squash Beignets (savory beignets!). I mean, listen to the description: "foie gras fondue, duck debris & chicory coffee ganache"--holy hell, they were amazing.
For dinner my partner had the Crispy Chicken and I had the Tuna.  The chicken was amazing and the tuna was really good, although a little heavy handed with the pickled mirliton. 
I also had a kick-ass cocktail.
The only thing a little off-putting that I wasn't expecting was the noise level.  It can get REALLY loud.  If you go expecting it, you will have a great meal here.Stopped in at the end of the night for dessert and bubbles-bartender was funny and very nice...didn't hurt he was from our home state! Will come back again to have dinner next time!Came here with a large private party, family style meal. Each dish was amazingly full of deep, rich (I expected no less from New Orleans) flavor! The pecan pie is sweet and light, amazing peanut butter mousse on top. I would definitely go back for the regular menu if this was their party version!This was a place I have been pining to go to for a long time, and I'm glad I did. The decor is definitely sleek and chic and not particularly New Orleans looking which is neither good nor bad. It is in a hotel after all. The cocktail  list was a good mix of new and traditional. I had a Manhattan which was nicely done and had a nice dried cherry for the garnish which is the way they do it in...Manhattan. We had 2 small bites, alligator sausage and a fried oyster taco. Both were very good. I liked the feel of the place, good crowd, good bartenders etc. Would def go back.Went went here for our anniversary and probably should have made a later reservation. Service was good but SO FAST! Even my husband who usually likes fast service thought it was too quick. Drinks were delish. Tuna cones were delish and so was our fish entree, it was just so quick. For an expensive meal it should take longer than 30-45 mins!So this may be the best dish I've had in New Orleans, if not the best, definitely Top 3.
Rabbit empanadas and grits was AMAZING! Was there during thanksgiving and wife had the traditional dinner, which was good, but a distant second. 
Love the bottles around the restaurant as well.Burlesque Sunday Brunch- Legs and Eggs- all the way!
The bartenders...the staff...the food and drinks..and the burlesque show...all on point!  Loved every bit of it. A truly memorable experience.  
Buttermilk biscuit donut appetizer is a must.  Share plates so you can taste a bit of everything.  You don't need much- the plates are the small but the flavor is big. 
The hootch is fun but tons of other good options for drinks.  Classy yet comfortable. 
I will definitely be back!Two of my favorite bartenders, Jared and Michael, serving up everything from amazing house made punches (fresh grapefruit juice?!?! Really?!?! Noms.) to classic cocktails. Happy happy hour!it was a cold and windy winter night.  we, a family of five set out through the french quarter looking for a nice meal.  we soon realized that all the places we'd really want to eat at, had three hour wait without reservations. 
then we were basked in the warm glow of soft light coming out of SoBou.  we were really cold.  I went in and begged and pleaded with the nice guy at the host station.  and they agreed to accommodate us.  my family was so thrilled we were soon going to be fed and warm.
they gave us the long communal table in the back of the bar.  it was perfect for us.  my kids were allowed to relax and laugh without having to be worry about bothering anybody.
Ruby was our waitress and she was the best!  she made is feel welcome and comfortable.  she took great care of us and we greatly appreciated her.  
the food, it was fantastic!  you will not find age old traditional fare here.  you will find staple regional ingredients and methods applied in new and fun variations.  I'll say this was the best meal we had while in new orleans.  
we will definitely return next time.Fantastic cocktails and excellent nosh at the bar. And the bartender was fabulous.  Can't wait to go back.So So Boo! Torturously mean potions. Recommend you eat something before you dine at Sobou. The Happy Hour drinks aren't really at Happy Hour prices- just a buck or two off the regular price. We tried every snack/ amuse bouche on the Happy Hour menu and they were all tasty that why we gave them 1 star. After we left Sobou we went a block down and ate at 9 roses. It was excellent and cheap! Don't miss it.I came here for an early dinner Friday night and absolutely LOVED our whole experience.  First of all, what a cute restaurant! I loved the huge glass wall and the table side bar taps. Secondly, service could not have been any better! Our waitress was wonderful and even brought out a cute little shot tray and some palate cleansers to share on the house once she learned we were in NOLA for a birthday!  Lastly, I loved their food! We split cracklins (these can't be found anyplace in VA and are basically my favorite thing ever) and I ordered the crawfish salad.  I loved both.  I also got to try my husband's foie gras burger and soup and thought both were fantastic too!Overall, great meal & good cocktails w/ friendly & responsive service. Highlights: sweet potato beignets, shrimp & tasso pinchos. The Yellowfin Tuna Cones were interesting in presentation but didn't wow in the taste department (and I am a tuna fanatic). The Foie Gras Burger was absolutely delish but is not enough for a meal - s/b called the FG Slider... (I'm a Midwestern girl, though, so my ideal portion might be bigger than most!) The Crispy Whole Fish was outstanding and provided plenty of forkfuls for three people. The bread pudding was also worth the wait.We had reservations for 11:30am, which we thought would still be brunch time. This place actually shuts their kitchen down between breakfast and lunch and does not serve food during that time. We were early for our reservations and they spent some time explaining to us why there was no one else there. 
Anywho, instead of brunch we ordered lunch which was fine with me as Im not a huge breakfast food person anyways. I ordered the "shrimp on a stick" (not official name, but thats how it was brought out) and it was excellent. One of the stand out parts of this meal was the chimichurri on the plate. 
Second biggest stand out was their fries. If you go here ORDER THE FRIES! They were seasoned SO perfect and came with a pickled okra mayo. I could have made a whole meal out of the fries. 
This is also where my boyfriend found out he didnt like foie gras. This was after he ordered the foie gras burger :( But his burger did come with a little root beer float. Awesome!
Last note, their lunch is definitely lunch sized. His burger and my seafood BLT were slider size.
Owned by the same folks who run Commanders Palace.*****5 SOLID STARS*****
SoBou was probably our favorite restaurant in all of New Orleans, and we ate at many different places during our stay.  
Food:  Amazing.  We ordered the aligator sausages, the yellow fin tuna cone, the duck beignets ,the foie gras burger, gumbo, the cajun queso, and the tasso pinchos.  The must have's are the foie gras burger and the yellow fin tuna cone.  In fact, i will probably crave for the yellow fin tuna cone in the future which makes me sad.  I'd avoid the cajun queso and the tasso pinchos, as there really isn't anything special about either.  
Ambiance-  Amazing.  What a very trendy and cute restaurant.  Love. 
Service- Amazing.  We had to wait in the bar area, and the bartenders were amazing.  Our waitress was also phenomenal.  
Prices- this is not a cheap restaurant....  If you have $100 to spend on dinner (not including drinks), then this would be the best place to spend your money.  
I am sad that I may never get back to this restaurant, it is AMAZING.  Yellow fin tuna cones, I will miss you!!Dined at Sobou for lunch recently. Dined at the bar. Bartender was friendly and attentive. Ordered the Yellowfin Tuna Cones. Those would have been good if the tuna had not been served icy cold. They need to bring the tuna up to room temperature before serving. Ordered the smoked crawfish and cognac bisque. That was just crawfish boil water mixed with a roux. No flavor at all. Ordered the crispy oyster taco. Though they put quite a lot of ingredients atop the oysters, this was good. The oysters were nicely fried. Ordered the Foie Gras Burger. That was good. They ask for a temperature which is a little strange since doing any more than searing the foie gras will cause it to melt away. Ordered the Macaroni And Cheese. That was terrible. Penne covered in wall paper paste. They call pork skins cracklin's though those items are not the same. Their pork skins are fried nicely and are greaseless, but they are also tasteless. They serve twenty-five cent martini's during lunch if you order an entree. Will be back fo rthe Foie Gras Burger and martini's.First of all, the dining atmosphere was very nice. The bottles wall was totally worth a visit. The food is also really good. Tried the tuna cones and pecan pie. Both were very special and tasty. Especially the pecan pie, a must try!The food was good but was given the worst service I have ever received. Don't go.  The restaurant was empty so I am not understanding why it took an hour and 7 requests to get a glass of water.  I don't normally leave reviews but am flabbergasted by out service, or lack thereof.A friend and I wanted to go get a few drinks & food one day and decided to sit at the bar at SoBou. The restaurant was empty and they a few other people at the bar. We sat down and waited for 10 minutes to even get a glance at the woman behind the bar. Finally, she came over and I asked for a cocktail menu and a food menu. She basically said she could make us a drink with a honey sickle vodka and slammed down the bottle on the bar, and I'm not exaggerating. She was so rude and seemed like she was only interested in making what she wanted. We were taken back by her attitude for no apparent reason, that we said that we would just like to look at the menu while we decided under our breath if we really wanted to be treated like that while we were trying to enjoy ourselves. We were about the get up and leave when a male bartender came over and saved our horrible experience. He was extremely nice and made us feel welcome unlike the woman bartender who walked off and didn't even come back to check to see if we were ready to order. We ended up ordering a few small plates and two drinks from the male bartender. While we sat there the woman was also being rude to the male bartender who was helping us. It made us feel uncomfortable, so we eventually left. This happened in September, but still to this day it bothers me of how rude the woman was. I wish I knew her name, she was a little heavy set. Coming from a service industry background, I would never treat someone like that nor would I want to be treated like that. The only reason why I gave SoBou one star was because of the male bartender saving the situation. The decor is beautiful and we were hoping that it would turn out to be our new spot. But, I would never go back because of our experience. After we left, we went to Desire' oyster bar and sat at the bar. Wow, what a change. They were all so nice over there because they know you don't need fancy decor to make money in that industry. It's all about attitude. I hope SoBou got rid of the bartender because as we were sitting there, we could feel the tension as could the other people at the bar. Sad that new places in Nola don't understand what New Orleans hospitality is about.My wife and I went on a Sunday night. We had some time before the Guns N Roses concert so we popped in for a quick dinner. They sat us immediately though we had no reservation, that was much appreciated. 
The service was adequate but the server hit on two of my pet peeves. One, she took my dirty fork off my plate and set it on the table for me to use again, not once but twice. Come on, I know you guys have a dishwasher. Two, she did not clear the table. She came back after our appetizer and took another drink order and our entree order without clearing the appetizer dishes. She also didn't clear the menus after we ordered. One other small thing was the sparkling water "service." My wife doesn't drink so she ordered a bottle of sparkling water. She's cool with having the bottle at the table and pouring for herself. The waitress offered an ice bucket to keep the large bottle of water cold. How nice. However, she placed the ice bucket over against the wall out of reach. That's not a bad thing but she didn't keep up and my wife sat most the meal with an empty glass. 
On to the food. The food was good. We had the soup of the day, a cold corn chowder sort of thing. It was very good. We got the boudin balls, because why wouldn't we? They were good as well. For entrees my wife ordered the pork tenderloin with the shaved Brussels sprouts and she loved it. I had the seared tuna with the fried rice cake. The tuna was good, nothing exceptional but good. It's hard to mess up a good piece of fresh tuna. It's also not good to try to do too much with it except cook it well and serve it simply. The tuna hit the mark, it was cooked well, seasoned nicely and done simply. The rice cake however was deep fried, a bit greasy and too heavy as an accompaniment for the tuna. The grease from the rice cake coated the palate and interfered with the taste of the tuna. 
For desert we had the "Pecan Pie, No Pie." This was really good stuff. Imagine pecan pie with no pie shell, served in a jelly jar with a peanut butter whipped cream topping. Yummy stuff. 
******
One of the oddest things, and the thing that will probably keep me from returning to this restaurant (we're locals by the way), is the settling of the check at the end of the meal.  
The server dropped the check. Normally I take a quick glance at the check, look at the bottom line number, slide my card into the check presenter and wait for the server to return. Usually the server returns, picks up the book, heads off to the register and returns with the copies of the check. At that point we discuss how much to tip, we are both former servers so we usually tip very well. 
In this case, I got the check and put my credit card in the book. The server returned with a credit card machine and ran my card at the table. On the little handheld machine I was given the option to tip a set percentage or enter a custom dollar amount. So now, with the server hovering over my shoulder, I need to figure out how much to tip. It's easy to hit the 25% or the 20% button but in this case I didn't think she deserved that much. Kind of hard to ask the wife's opinion with the server hovering right there. So, on a $111 tab I hastily left a custom amount of $20. Had I had time to discuss with my wife she probably would have talked me into leaving a bigger tip, maybe not? The server thanked me for leaving a tip, again awkward, and left the table. What an uncomfortable, rushed and awkward experience. 
The table next to us, two ladies also going to the concert that night, asked to split their check. So table side, for about five minutes, there was lots of swiping, passing of the handheld device, thanking, signing and general awkwardness. It was intrusive for us, extremely awkward and intrusive for them, and took our server away from her other tables for a good five minutes. With a normal restaurant POS system it takes seconds and two card swipes to split a check. This affair was a five minute ordeal at the table. 
Please don't put me on stage for the payment of the bill. Again, this one thing alone will keep me from returning to this restaurant. 
The food was good, the service average, the check experience very uncomfortable. All in all, for the price, I'll go elsewhere for my fine dining options.Adored Soubu.  Nothing bad has ever come out of the kitchen and the  service and ambience is excellent.Service was good.  But server brought us out a cheeseburger when we had asked for a hamburger (no cheese).  We sent it back.  4 min later, she brought back the same burger with most of the cheese removed.  Not cool.  Allergies are no joke.Visit restaurant on 3/2/17
I was really excited to check this place out since it appeared to have a chef inspired menu to heighten one's sense.  Also, I'm into small plates since I love to try a little bit of everything. 
Decided to go for a drink before dinner.  Glad I did!
The atmosphere was very trendy, modern, sleek and sexy cool! 
Bar was full, so we sat in the bar area where there was obviously no service.  
I wanted to try the "Shark" drink.  I had my SO go to the bar to get it.  It took forever!!!! When the SO came back he mentioned the bartender was ignoring him and when he was finally waited on the bartender was giving him a hard time on the drink he had ordered.  
I decided to try my luck and ask for water. My SO was right. He completely ignored me. I had to practically do jumping jacks to get his attention.  
While I was drinking my delicious "Shark" I was reviewing their menu. It looked sooo delicious, but I couldn't.  I was sooo disappointed in the service, I didn't want to spend another dollar here.  
I looked at the receipt to catch a name of the bartender. The name said Christopher. I decided to confirm the name, but the guy said his name was "Jeb." I'll give him benefit of the doubt and say that may be a nickname. Either way, I felt deceived and judged by this place. 
I give it a one for atmosphere and drink.Hands down the best meal I have ever had. Started the meal off with the sweet potato beignets. Which were great but the sauce made them even better. For my entree I had the brown sugar and chili brined pork loin. The lemon and horseradish sauce was amazing. My fiancé had the foie gras burger and really enjoyed it. His meal came with pork cracklin's which were so good I got an order to go. Sadly, I can't remember our waitress' name but she is a transplant from Maryland and was attentive, helpful, and extremely sweet. If I was staying another night in NOLA I would definitely go back.Bar Tender was fantastic.... Great Bloody Mary's....the "Beast"  yummy....and brunch to die for baby.We went on a Saturday for a burlesque brunch. It was pretty empty. The food is overpriced for the taste, but the experience was fun and we had a decent waitress. I'm not sure why a meatless taco costs $26 with a salad and peach cobbler or why they force you to order an appetizer and a dessert with your entree...it's a waste of money if you're just in the mood for just an entree. Anywho, I ordered the Caribbean style shrimp salad, the fiesta tacos, and peach cobbler. The salad was much better than I expected. The tacos were okay, but fresh, the bread (not dough crust) on the peach cobbler was terrible. The sweet potato beignets were good. Fun experience, but overall the food was mediocre.I rented an air B&B apartment near so bou Restaurant. They had an incredible snack menu at the bar including chicharrones and handcrafted cocktails. They were featuring a cucumber watermelon cocktail when I was in town it was very refreshing and not too sweet at all. I would highly recommend this place if you're looking for something that is non traditional New Orleans.Not much to eat if you don't eat meat or gluten... nice but overpriced. Really good serviceWe were very disappointed with our dining experience on many levels.  Took 45 minutes to get our appetizer and when it arrived it was lukewarm.  None of the dishes we tried were particularly good, specifically the corn chowder, tuna cones or the sweet potato beignets.  The stuffed rainbow trout and bread pudding were good but not great.  Only honorable mention was the manager. He was apologetic and took tremendous effort to try to make things right.  Unfortunately it wasn't enough and hope they can use this review to make some positive changes.Amazing brunch!!! Was actually my first time eating at the restaurant; I've visited the bar beforehand. The food was delicious. The service was excellent. Love how the food is placed out at the same time. No one waits. I thought the entrees were pricey but turns out it includes an app and dessert!!! The portions shareable for sure. The burlesque show during brunch was gorgeous. Can't wait to go back.Came to New Orleans for a convention and decided to try SoBou. Loved the ambiance and the decor, and the service was good. The food, however, fell below expectations. The gumbo and the burger were exceedingly salty, and the oyster taco was kind of flavorless. With so many good places in the vincinity, I would not recommend it to my friends unless it's just for drinks.This place was fantastic! The food was awesome! The breakfast menu is small but all fresh ingredients!! Very clean and great location! Great service! Can not say enough about this place!I was so impressed by this place. Each course was more and more impressive. My favorite had to be a tie between the crab fingers and the chocolate dessert. Impressive prices to match. It was definitely a welcome break from all of the (outstanding) fried food in New Orleans. A must visit if you want to see what's up and coming in this great city!
The cocktails also bring the magic.Burlesque Sun brunch show was a bust! The show was to have started at 11:30 but didn't start until 12:15 and thus we only got 5 minutes of the show before we had to catch our plane. They comped our drinks but the bill was still almost $100 for 2 people - if we had just wanted brunch w/o a show we would have gone elsewhere.SoBou is EXQUISITE. I love everything about this restaurant... except for portion size! Lol
Waitstaff is friendly and awesome. Food is so fresh and innovative, it will blow your mind. The decor and ambience is BEAUTIFUL. If you're looking for an old style New Orleans feel, this is not your spot. Think more progressive, fashion-forward, modern art influence. Sushi ice cream cones. Foie gras burger. Go!Cool bar. Quiet on a sunday night. I ordered the rowdy hawaiian and it was a really well balanced cocktail... I swear I could taste lychee in the drink although it's not listed on the menu. A bit pricey but not unusual for this area. Much quieter than bars on bourbon.Tasty gumbo. Enjoyed the unique mix of rich roux, meat on mashed potatoes (rather than rice). Great ambience.  Wandered in for lunch.  Service was great.We dropped in here twice for happy hour which runs daily from 3-6. They have a few bar bites priced from $3 - $6 and then drafts for $3, house wines and cava for $4, a daily "punch" for $5, and sazeracs or tom collins for $6. The punch changes each day and I had one with rum and green tea syrup, topped with sparkling that was delicious and not overly sweet like so many typically are.
The food was great. The crispy chicken is amazing! The pinchos (chicken on a skewer) is good but very small and probably not worth even the $3. We also tried the boudin balls which were really good- ask for extra mustard, the strawberry and beet salad- also good but a pretty small portion, and the ahi tuna cones. SoBou does an extra $1 off all appetizers during HH. I expected more from the tuna cones. It was very good and interesting, but SO TINY. I wouldn't pay $9.
I would DEFINITELY get the crispy chicken and boudin balls again!!SoBou isnt a restaurant as much as it is a really great tapas bar. 
Most of the inventive appetizers and cocktails are under $12 and the food is less reflective of New Orleans and more of the hipster foodie vibe of the W Hotel, to which this restaurant is attached. 
After you've spent time visiting the obligatory local food havens like Commander's Palace, Galatoire's, Cafe du Monde et al, SoBou is a great reminder that you're back in 21st century America, which ain't a bad place at all to be.Desided to go to SoBou for dinner after seeing an advertisement for it on the hotel TV channel. 
When we entered the decor is ultra contemporary, buttles of difrrent shapes and sizes adorn the walls everywhere. It must be quite a task to keep all of it clean. 
The hostess was friendly and we got seated right away. 
The waiter came up to us and told us that he will be right with us as soon as he takes care of the table next to us. Fifteen minutes later he came by to take our order just to realise that we didn't have a menu. A professional waiter would have apologise and just brought us the menues, this one blamed the hostes, lack of training, I suppose. 
The drinks came right away and where great. Appetizers on the other hand took over 35 minutes. We saw people sit down much later than us and get their starters whyle our waiter realising that he just forgot to put the order through blamed the kitchen for being slamed. 
The food was great, well made and seasoned. We really enjoed the food but the experience overall was ok, just ok. As a cheff and a restaurant owner I guess I'm very sensative to crappy waiter issues. 
I would recommend SoBou, its a unique place with extremely reasonable prices and delicious food. Hope you have better luck with your server then I did.Tried breakfast there. They were clearly having problems in the kitchen. The table next to us had a long wait for their poached eggs. The other table next to us wanted a particular coffee drink but the waitress informed them no go as they were out of "canned whip cream". Our coffee drinks were very weak- no 'latte' in my wife's latte. The butter that was brought with my biscuit was rancid. The waiter, Joshua?, was extremely polite and apologetic. Other staff were friendly as well. But just a lousy experience with food.Cool place.   Surf &  turf for two -  aka build your own tacos -  was outstanding.   The crispy fried oysters were some of the best I've ever had.   Very reasonable prices.  Really friendly and attentive wait staff too.Not a good choice for breakfast.  I don't think they do much business for breakfast and seemed really unprepared. Extremely slow, overpriced, variable good quality.  We went at 9:30 on a Saturday because the wait at other spots was too long.  Waited about ten minutes before being greeted, then were told the reason for the wait was that they had to print menus. Tried to order a Bloody Mary and were told the bar was closed. Ordered coffee, they were out of coffee mugs, no spoons, asked for whole milk and was brought skim. 
Food took 40 minutes to come out. Most of the food was good, but oatmeal was terrible. The table next to us also sent their oatmeal back because it was so bad.  Smoothie was also pretty bad.Came for drinks at the bar. The bartender Abigail was super friendly and very talented. My husband says the Manhattan she made was the best one he's ever had (he's definitely had his share). I wish we had found this spot earlier in our vacation. We didn't order any food, but someone sitting next to us at the bar did and it looked really good.This place hit the mark in three out of four areas of dining experience: good atmosphere, great service, and delicious food. The only downside was that it was a little pricey. That being said, it was not overpriced, just not likely accessible to many people.
The decorations are simple and elegant. Black and white table settings with floor to ceiling shelves of lit medicine jars.
The hosts and servers were all extremely welcoming, knowledgeable, and helpful when we had questions about our food (we don't know anything about Cajun food, being from California).
The food - potato and mushroom gumbo was very rich and savory; fried chicken leg was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside with the perfect amount of seasoning, the shrimp with cured ham was cooked a little well, but it tasted excellent with whatever spices it had; holiday salad (baby kale with pears) was very tender and refreshing; the sobou burger (appetizer size) was tasty, for a burger but not the best thing we had here.
I think if you have a little $$ to spend, this place would be a great stop for a quiet and delicious meal.This was no wild bachelorette party, but a group of women looking for unique dining as part of our New Orleans experience. We chose SoBou from the James Beard newsletter and were eagerly looking forward to its well-regarded food and beverage menu. 
Let's talk about that beverage menu first. We were informed that the restaurant is famous for its cocktails - so famous, in fact, that they apparently can't keep enough supply in stock. No less than three of the twelve speciality cocktails were not available. My husband and I own a restaurant in NYC. I know for a fact how ridiculous it is to not be on point with ordering signature stock. Two of our group landed on their third choice, the House of Curd. Apparently it was more like House of Curdle, because within minutes they were both in the restroom, throwing up. I was the designated communicator when it came to asking to speak to a manager. She was apologetic to me, and those drinks were taken off the check, but overall I was kind of stunned that no apology was made to the table or other consideration given. 
Forty minutes into our arrival, we were finally placing our starter order. Pork crackling was the only item unanimously enjoyed by the group. We were divided on the crab croquettes (I enjoyed) and the sweet potato beignets (good, not great). 
One hour and a bottle and a half of sparkling rose later, we were finally placing our dinner orders. I'm not sure why our server was so absent; I can't say we were particularly giving off a "we're not ready vibe." Some of the ladies were furious about the service but I took it in stride. He just seemed a little clueless to be working in an established venue. 
I chose the braised short rib and was underwhelmed. The short rib was enjoyable but the sweet potato pie was dry and disappointing. It just wasn't a cohesive dish, in my opinion. The sweet potato pie was way too sweet to balance the short rib. If there was a vegetable on the dish, I don't remember it. 
We skipped dessert. Thanks for the free shots, though, served in a weird top-heavy candelabra thing that tipped over twice. I guess that was their peace offering for the cocktails that made my friends physically ill. 
Two stars feels a little mean, but for a group of women with high expectations, those expectations were not even close to being met. Disappointed.Everyone was super nice, but sorry, our 5 dishes were really not up to par. Foie gras burger was a misuse of foie gras... Lots of interesting ideas here that didn't come through.Here's the facts. This place is very trendy, nice and probably famous for there interesting cocktails. If you're looking for unique tastes, then maybe this place is for you. Personally, I thought the food was aweful. As did the two others in my group. I tried the gumbo. After about 5 spoonfuls, I had to give it back. The bourdin balls werent as good as I've had elsewhere. The chicken pate and lavish was ok. The chicken salad was not good and the red beans w/ ham hock was an embarrassment to the chef. Looked like what I feed to my cats. I've endured Navy chow for 4 years and this make the chow in the galleys 5 stars. I would never go back nor would I recommend you go there unless you just want a drink and a place to talk.I recently came her while on vacation, and I'm giving 5 stars because it was the best dinner I had in New Orleans.  Not only was the food great, but the drinks were amazing, the ambiance was fabulous, and the service was wonderful.
The crispy oyster taco was flat out awesome, although it's definitely small.  We also had the foie gras burger, which I highly recommend as it is one of the most interesting items on the menu.  It came with a root beer and foie gras "ice cream float", which was a unique take on a savory float.  
For drinks, I definitely recommend the Georgia O'Keefe.  It's a fruity refreshing drink, but it's not sickeningly sweet and is very light and delicious.  When compared to the drinks available on Bourbon St., these are simply to die for and much classier.
We came on a quieter night, and were well attended by our waitress who brought us surprise "birthday shots" (although it was not anyone's birthday).  The bottles and lighting around the area are simple and beautiful.  If you're only able to try a few places in New Orleans, I would really encourage you to come here.After a few days of wandering around the French Quarter in search of traditional Cajun fare, my friends and I stumbled upon SoBou on the last day of our trip. SoBou puts a modern twist on the traditional dishes that New Orleans is known for, and the end result is nothing short of exceptional. Our waitress, Dominique, took great care of us and was truly the embodiment of Southern hospitality. From the innovative dishes to the on-table beer tap, SoBou offers something new and exciting right in the heart of the the French Quarter.Totally loved Sobou.  The food, the cocktails, the ambiance, it had it all.  Reading up on some reviews, I quickly learned that the establishment is really known for its creative cocktails ... and Sobou definitely did not disappoint.  
The food was equally good and I would recommend what we tried: the yellow fin tuna cones (with ice cream!), chef's gumbo (mushrooms), sweet potato beignets, and bourbon braised short ribs over grits.  Everything really was very delicious & with good ingredients. Really had a terrific meal here.Came the other night for dinner and went back today for brunch. The Burlesque Brunch was AMAZING!! Legs... and... eggs! We went through the appetizers for dinner and brunch was a 3 course meal. Favorites were the tuna cones, biscuit donuts, andouille deviled eggs, hanger steak eggs, sweet potato beignets and crawfish tamale! (Kinda thinking I just named most everything...). Another applause for the Brennan family!Dropped in for breakfast as it's attached to the W hotel.  Super friendly staff, super slow service.  Food was good, but not all that hot.  Cozy space, seems like there's potential.The food was amazing and very reasonably priced for how nice it is. The restaurant itself has cute decor and all the staff were very friendly!! highly recommend if you're in the areaSurprisingly good restaurant at the W.  The sweet potato beignets were hands down my favorite.  So good!!  The boudin was like a cross between arancini and meatballs. It was good. The surf and turf taco was ok...too much pickled stuff though.  Crawfish salad was also just ok and was too much like pickled relish with a few arugula leaves.  I wish we hadn't ordered that.  The brussel sprouts were heavily spiced but good.Had this restaurant on list of places to visit in NOLA and it did not disappoint! Great cocktails and meals can be shared family style. 
Here is what I recommend:
YELLOWFIN TUNA CONES
pineapple ceviche & basil avocado ice cream
SWEET POTATO BEIGNETS 
foie gras fondue, duck debris & chicory coffee ganache
CARIBBEAN STYLE SHRIMP SALAD 
cilantro, lime & coconut marinated shrimp, grilled avocados, baby greens and shaved Vidalia onions with Tabasco & Puerto Rican rum infused pineappleLegs & Eggs Brunch
The ambiance was great! The dancer and the band make the experience perfect for a bachelorette brunch! Having a set price for a three course brunch made splitting the bill super easy.To start with our waiter Alex was above and beyond the best waiter we have ever had.He had great recommendations and was very personable.  I would definitely ask for him if you go here.  
Now for the food.  We had the "small bytes" yellowfin tuna cone and the pork cracklins.  The cones were so layered in flavors starting from the avocado icecream topping and then the yellowfin tuna and ceviche.  Try this as one big bite b/c the flavors together are incredible.   The cracklins were perfect with the right amount of spice.  
We then move on to the surf and turf.  The pork "turf" was crazy good.  Smoked for 24 hours and served on a homemade tostada.  Then there are oysters "surf" which are again, very well seasoned.  The only downside was my duck salad.  Not very flavorful but everything else was amazing.  
So I recommend this restaurant highly and don't forget to ask for Alex.  Oh, don't forget the 25 cents martinis or the "happier" hour.  Enjoy your time in New Orleans French Quarter.Disappointing all the way around.  Tuna cones weren't good and was brought 4, they're tiny, and was later told that was a double order but the number don't tell you how many.   I've had better beignets from food trailers.  Service was soooo slow
..took over 10 minutes to get a single draft beer..
Waitress said they were working on it, kitchen is backed up....she walked to the bar and it had been sitting there for a few minutes because it wasn't real cold.The food is really outstanding, but sit in the bar to experience Mike and Laura's talents. I'm native and brought chef friends. We thoroughly enjoyed our afternoon. One of my fave places!We were here for my boyfriend's 40th. Very interesting decor in the restaurant. It took about 25 minutes for our drinks to arrive. Not sure why since there weren't that many people seated and it was already 8:30pm. In fact, one of our appetizers arrived before our drinks. 
Our waitress was a bit inconsistent. One minute she was diligent, and the next we wouldn't see her for 15 minutes or so. Then, we would be served by all six waiters at once. It was a bit disarming and inconsistent. 
As for the food, I LOVED the sweet potato beignet and crispy chicken legs. Out of this world! But the tuna cones I could have done without, and I like unique dishes like that. They were just a weird combination. Burger was great. Bread pudding awesome. Reasonably priced.Food, atmosphere, price, and service were all excellent! Alec was our server and was very attentive,  had a great sense of humor and made the best recommendations!... The chef gumbo and cochon de lait are to die for!... And don't forget the $.25 martinis! Compliments to the chef and the staff... Best value for the price in New Orleans French Quarter!... We will definitely return.Great Ambiance and great service.  My daughter had the best chicken fingers at this restaurant, we also had the gumbo and ahi.  All very good.Went here for dinner before seeing a play at the Saenger because it's pretty close. Excellent cocktail list -- super varied. I had the Georgia O'Keefe and the Sunset in the Courtyard (really just wanted the sunglasses!). Both were awesome. We started with the boudin, which was so good we almost ordered another round for dessert. My husband had the Meyer lemon lacquered Snapper, which is what I would get when we go back. My sister-in-law had the duck, which was so good. I was in the mood for salad, so I had the two salads on the menu -- good, but I would get an entree next time instead. They didn't have anything chocolate for dessert, so we passed on that. We'll be back soon!We had dinner here one night and left impressed. The bar was set high after we ate all week at some of NOLAs best restaurants (Galatoires, Bigtsens, K. Pauls, etc). We really liked the new twist they put on traditional Cajun/Creole food. We did it tapas style, ordering a bunch of plates and splitting them. I felt like we had almost 1 of everything on the menu and kept the bill at $200 b/w 4 people (with booze). Get the oyster tacos! Server was very nice, attentive, and helpful. I would go back.Don't go here for breakfast!!!! They were not prepared when we came to eat around 9:45 AM. Once we were sat, we had to wait for menus for about 10 minutes because they had to print the menu.  When we finally got the menu and ordered, the food took forever to come. They ran out of coffee mugs and gave us the coffee in to-go mugs. The waitress did not even know what was in the smoothie of the day. She said that "they just throw a bunch of stuff together." It took us 40 min to get sub-par food. The only saving grace were their fresh biscuits. One of the people in our party has ordered oatmeal and it was awful. It tasted stake and had a horrible texture. All in all this place was not prepared for breakfast. It was relatively empty and did not deliver.I have dined at Commanders Palace for a while now. They have always been one of my most favorite restaurants. So when I heard that they had a sister restaurant, I jumped all over it. We walked in for late lunch today 07/18/15. The male hostess informed us that there will be a short wait of 10 minutes. Perfect! Before walking to the bar I asked him if he can make me a reservation for Commanders Palace. He stated that he cannot do that and advise me to call the restaurant myself. I didn't mind that, but thought that maybe he would of gone above and beyond and called their sister restaurant on my behalf. It wasn't a really a big deal and we moved into the bar. After 10-15 minutes he called us to seat us. He sat us in the front at one of those tables along the wall. It took our server about 15 minutes to come and greet us. She didn't seem like in too good of a mood as well. We ordered our food and sat and waited some more. We started getting irritated when the table beside us sat after we ordered, but got their food first. I asked the server if we can cancel our entrees and she said she would check to see if they started making it. I informed her of how the table beside us ordered after us, but got their food first. She told us that "the kitchen is new and are trying to make things work". I wanted to ask her "how is that my problem"? I chose to be the bigger person and not start this whole pointing finger debate. She packed our entrees up for us to go, we paid our bill and left. I am very disappointed in the service and quality of food. The only thing I ordered that I enjoyed was the sweet potato balls with foie gras sauce. Everything else was ok.. not bad, but not amazing. I think the level of service I received just made everything 10x worst.A great, chic restaurant at the W in New Orleans...enjoyed a shortribs dish as well as a strawberry salad...there was a very good macaroni and cheese dish that was also very impressive.  Everything was prepared well and tasted great.  The ambiance is very cool and what one would expect from a W.  The service was also friendly and attentive.If I could give 0 stars I would. We had a large party. We called ahead and they told us there wasn't a wait and to come. When we got to the restaurant they refused to seat us. They said they didn't have enough staff for us to sit. So we suggested sitting in parties of four and they said no. We said "If 15+ people lined up at this door would you not seat them because you do not have 'enough staff'?" Mind you we were a group of black professional women coming to have our first lunch in New Orleans.We only came here for a cocktail or 2 but I really wish we would of had time to eat. The cocktails were great!! The bar tender/mixologist was very helpful and fun to watch. They can make ANY drink or flavor you are in the mood for.Bartender Laura from Boston is a cocktail wizard!  They get the classics right and have all the frills for those who like things like elderflower and ginger syrup.Came here with my friends for somewhere to eat for our first day here ! Came during happy hour. The atmosphere is a little fancy, but it wasn't busy when we arrived. Our waitress was very kind and pointed us in the right direction for our order. The one thing I suggest you HAVE TO order is the Sweet Potato beignets!!!! I'm so excited this is near our Air BnB !!Be aware that it's a LOUD space but the food is good, cocktail and wine lists are nice, and there are even beer taps on some of tables.  Pretty cool place overall.
The oyster taco is awesome, and the apple & pear salad is a bit overdressed but good while cracklins are never a bad way to start a meal.  I wouldn't get the shrimp & tasso pinchos or crackling crusted yellowfin tuna again but both were fine, just overpriced and nothing spectacular.
SoBou is a lot more successful than the previous restaurant in this space at the W French Quarter Hotel, and I have a feeling it will be here for a while.5 stars for the ambiance. This place is great for an intimate dinner. It's very low lit with an assortment of bottles displayed on the walls surrounding the interior. 
5 stars for the service. We went for dinner and our server provided descriptive and honest reviews and her preferences. We didn't have to wait long between her visits.
4 stars for the presentation. As most high(er) restaurants are, this place does a great job of making sure everything is well presented. Our appetizer was  very "cute" and Instagram worthy- we tried the the pineapple ceviche with avocado-basil ice cream. 
3 stars for the food itself. While I was happy with the overall experience of dining here, I  still left feeling hungry. In addition to the ceviche, my date and I had the seafood tamale, the braised short rib and the  geaux fish.  Everything looked great, but the potions were small and the flavor was average. 
Overall I'm glad I got to have another Brennen experience, but there are other places nearby with better food at lower prices. Go for drinks, eat elsewhere before you arrive.Stepping inside Sobou I was immediately blown away by the ambiance. Colorful, glass bottles lined the many walls of the restaurant. Sadly, though the food wasn't nearly as impressive as the setting. Major drawback would be the portion sizes are definitely quite skimpy considering the prices you're paying for them, granted everything we ordered was off the "small bites" or snack section. 
With that said, their dishes do come well presented and offer some brave concepts. We ordered the yellow fin tuna cones which had to be one of the most interesting dishes i had. They served yellow fin and pineapple ceviche inside a small ice cream cone topped with basil, avocado ice cream. Can't say it was the most successful dish, I think were definitely some flaws with the flavor combination and texture but an interesting dish nonetheless.
Other dishes we got were less exciting: pork belly bun, gumbo du jour, Sobou burger, and soup of the day (some thick chowder based soup). My favorite was probably the burger, lots of flavor from the caramelized onions and the meat was well-cooked. Everything else was pretty good, but nothing mind-blowing especially to justify the prices of the portions.By far the most amazing experience we've had at a restaurant in New Orleans! Our waiters Shelby went above and beyond to be fun, friendly and accommodating! Everyone was their is wonderful but Shelby is well worth the wait if not available. If every restaurant had someone like her there one be continuos lines out the doors at all times. Phenomenal food and service. Can't wait to come back!!SoBou was absolutely amazing! The food is so delicious.  The atmosphere was casual chic and our waitress was awesome.Was here for breakfast and also for drinks. Solid choice and good offshoot of Commanders Palace.I sat at the bar during a very slow lunch. The bar staff was extremely attentive and helpful, six stars for the service. I started with the pink gin martini, as the bartender said it was the best of the list. It's simply gin and bitters, chilled and shaken. It was well-prepared, just didn't hit my taste buds. Went with the two-course special, gumbo and po-boy. The gumbo of the day was cochon de lait, which was served over a scoop of mashed potatoes. It was excellent! The shrimp/tasso poboy didn't do much for me though. Overall a very enjoyable lunch.Such innovative, interesting and DELICIOUS food.
Apps I loved: ceviche cone w/ basil avocado ice cream, crawfish tamale, sweet potato beignets
I got the crawfish boil which was one of the best things I've eaten in New Orleans 
Dessert: bananas foster on the half shell... deep friend banana foster goodnessOne should not leave New Orleans without indulging in SoBou's sweet potato beignets with chicory coffee ganache!Quite the interesting and delicious take on creole food. If your stuck on traditional then some dishes may disappoint (i.e. The gumbo is a bit flat on flavor, and the beignets were too heavy). However, if you feel adventurous, some new ideas did light up the taste buds ( like the soft shell crawfish taco and the tuna cones) Must try the tuna cones!Wayyyyyyyy too much salt and pepper!!!!! I couldn't stop coughing and sneezing! Never coming back again! The price isn't too bad, but the portions are really small. Which isn't a bad thing since the taste wasn't good anyways. The atmosphere is nice though.Stayed at the W Hotel this weekend for Jazz Fest, ate dinner twice at Sobu.  The staff was amazing and the Wagyu Hanger Steak was to die for!!!!  Everything we had at dinner was fabulous.  
We did have breakfast there once that was horrible, but dinner it still gets 5 stars.  They took the breakfast off our check so all was good.It's so cold inside! But it's a great place for dates, drinks and creative food!
It's Creole cuisine with a twist. Very clean and great atmosphere!
FOOD 4.5/5
The portion for share is not that big but they were very interesting with nice plating. My favorite would be the grilled shrimp on pineapple. Very tropical and juicy!Fabulous Restaurant at Mardi Gras. They treated us like King and Queen and the food is exquisite.Eating here confirmed my low opinion of hotel restaurants.  It occupies the space once held by "Bacco," which stuck in my memory for years for serving me a bad shellfish.
This is one of the Brennan chain's lesser efforts.
Lots of noise bled from the bar area into the dining room.  The contrived restaurant name is consistent with their attempt to be inventive.  I only had some small plates, but it doesn't look like they have come up with much.  Pulled pork tacos were ok, but there's nothing new there.  Sweet potato beignets with foie gras and coffee sauces were bland.  Crab croquettes were unimpressive and not much for the money.  A "gumbo" of chicken, mushrooms and mashed potatoes (!?) turned into a bowl of mush.
There are so many better and more interesting places in New Orleans.  Don't waste your time here.A  gourmet  twist  on  local  New Orleans favorites.
 It  specializes in small plates or tapas.  That is normally how we eat anyway. We do not usually  eat  huge entrees  and we  share most meals.
We choose SoBou because it is in our hotel and it gets good reviews and has a good menu!  Here is a video about the restaurant/bar.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LClg03NkOhQ
This is about  the head bar  chef. http://www.sobounola.com/abigail-deirdre-gullo-bios
From the above  article.  "Gullo landed the job as head bar chef for the newest venture from the Commander's Family of Restaurants, SoBou. A cocktail- and culinary-focused "spirited restaurant", SoBou is located "South of Bourbon" at the W New Orleans - French Quarter. "New Orleans has soul," Gullo says. "It's prevalent in the food and cocktail history here, not to mention the blues, jazz, and funk music."
Diners can get their own wine from self-serve dispensers and a clutch of tables are equipped with their own beer taps in the style of sports bars and man caves. We sat at a comfy booth.
She made me a strawberry  mocktail with  local Louisiana Strawberries  at  the  suggestion of our lovely server  Patrice  for those who don't drink. That was a nice gesture because I know Nola is  a drinking town.
The  service was really warm. The  server told us a lot about Nola and the culture and food there in  Nola not just  the restaurant.  I found  the service in  Nola to be  warm  in  general and not the trained money kind of service you get in  NYC  at  high  end restaurants.
About the  executive  chef.The executive chef is Juan Carlos Gonzalez, who has worked at other restaurants under the Commander's Palace umbrella, and Commander's executive chef, Tory McPhail, is SoBou's consulting chef.
We  ate a lot of small plates as we were hungry  from not eating  all day due to me  being  sick.
 So we went  a bit nuts at  Sobou. My hubby  had Smoked Crawfish  and   Cognac Bisque served with crawfish popcorn. That was the only thing  I didn't  eat.  He said it was delicious!
  We had Mac cheese  because I love  it also because  it  is on  almost  every menu we saw in  Nola.
We had alligator sausage which  is the first time I tried alligator in  Nola the other restaurants fried it in the  same oil as shell fish so I appreciated being able to try it. I tried it in  NYC  at  Cooking with  Jazz which  was Ny's top rated Cajun/Creole restaurant until it closed and it tasted nothing  like this! It tasted like chicken. This was very fresh. We had chicken Gumbo which was great and nice and smoky and the only restaurant I had Gumbo in  in  Nola. My hubby said the best  beer or at  least his favorite beer  he had was here at  Sobou.  It is  a local craft beer. It is called Nola 7th Street Wheat. 
We had fries with local dipping sauces, cayenne ketchup, pimento cheese fondue, pickled okra mayo.
 We had crispy chicken  on  the bone from    Tanglewood Farms chicken confit with Crystal hot sauce sweet soy glaze. It was similar  to Korean  fried chicken. 
The highlight of the meal were the desserts.
CHOCOLATE COMA BAR
a flourless dark chocolate torte with white chocolate mousse, candied pecans & sea salt caramel covered in milk chocolate and served with a shot of chicory coffee shake
LOUISIANA STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE
cream cheese & lemon pound cake, sugared strawberries soaked in framboise liqueur, and citrus whipped cream topped with graham cracker crumbs
CHERRIES JUBILEE & WHITE CHOCOLATE BREAD PUDDING with 
brandied cherries with Tahitian vanilla bean ice cream
Every thing was inexpensive and  delicious! My only complaint  is that it closes too early like almost everything  else in  Nola!Atmosphere from fiction filmed in New Orleans the location is Chartres St you eat outdoors topped by many little lights, like a true picnic in the urban jungle. Burgers excellent, excellent chips and fabulous price. There is a bit 'in a row to do but it's worth it, and they are well organized!I went here for breakfast my last day in New Orleans. Simply put, it was great at every level.
The decor is modern and beautiful, there are old liquor bottles kept away in cabinets that I thought were a nice touch. Nice and cool inside too.
The service was great, our waitress was very friendly, funny and attentive. As was the hostess.
For my breakfast I had the sunrise surf & turf which is fried oysters, cochon au lait, scrambled eggs, caramelized onions and grilled chilies along with grilled tortillas. Everything was just perfect tasting and it went together great especially with a little hot sauce on them. My friends had eggs with potato lyonnaise and the pancakes with peach compote, both thought they were excellent as well. We each had coffee too, it was local coffee with chicory in it and I thought it was the strongest coffee I've ever had but it tasted oh so good.
The place isn't IHOP so it's a little pricey for breakfast but definitely worth it.Had a bunch of small plates to try more items on the menu. Gumbo was very filling, but not my favorite. The savoury bread pudding was excellent. The bananas foster was delish. Server was very attentive and helpful.Tasty food but very small portions. I came and left hungry but at least the food was very good.I visited SoBou on a Friday night with 5 people and no reservation and we got right in!  It's not really a tapas place but our group got several small plates and appetizers because everything sounded so good, we couldn't decide. We all had plenty to eat and everything was tasty!
The only reason I give SoBou 4 stars instead of 5 is because our server didn't split our checks. Then, when we ask him to, he seemed to have a lot of trouble splitting it the way we asked. Having been a server in the past I know what we were asking wasn't unreasonable. He was very nice about it and we eventually figured something out that worked for everyone but it just didn't seem like it should have been so difficult.
I will definitely go back to SoBou next time I'm in Nola and will recommend it to friends!So 4 orders of yellow fin tuna cones later........ :)
Seriously, you have to try those cones.  Absolutely out of this world amazing!
I had their crispy whole bass which was one of the best whole fried fish I've had that wasn't doused in asian chili sauce.  I was expecting it to have a cajun or creole kick but I was pleasantly surprised.  Definitely a place I would recommend over and over again.Located in the W on Chartres St in the FQ.
A good friend of mine took me here for a belated B-day lunch. 
It just so happens that they do 25cents happy hours M-F from 11:30-2:30  so that was a plus. 
Decor: The walls are decorated with empty glass bottles that are illuminated. It's intriguing. I can imagine you could take someone here for an intimate or casual date. 
Service: Our waitress was friendly but a little absent minded. Forgot to put in a portion of our order and forgot to tell us that a dessert was out of stock until the very end. 
Food: The menu itself consists of a lot tasty choices. I had the Fried Oyster Salad with pickled okra and sweet corn. It was good but a little on the salty side. My friend also commented that her soup and salad was a touch too salty as well. 
They also have a lot of whimsical and fun dishes.   My friend and I ordered the Yellow-Fin Tuna Cones. Basically it's designed like an ice cream cone (no joke) but it has pineapple & coconut tuna tartare with basil & avocado ice cream on top. Fun to eat and delicious.
I will likely be back to try other things. 
Overall I enjoyed myself.Food was pretty good. Like the atmosphere, but can't say I would go back. Cheese plate was just ok. Best thing was the veal over salad.Wow....that was super good and tasty. Def hit the steam bun, beignets and gumbo, enjoy ;-)I found this place meh. Out of all the restaurants in NOLA, it's not my favorite. We got there in time for happy hour and my favorite thing from that was the alligator corndog. Actually, that may have been my favorite thing we ate. We got mostly small plates and just shared. Here's what else we had:
Autumn salad- tasty
Yellowfin tuna cones-- I expected these to be much better after the rave reviews but I felt the flavor was great but the ice cream was just odd and I think it would have been better as just avocado. I didn't care for the cold feeling with the tuna.
SoBou burger-- tasty
Oyster taco- the pickled cabbage conflicted with the flavor of the oysters so I didn't care for it
Pulled pork taco-- great! In this case, the pulled pork and pickled cabbage were in harmony
Pumpkin creme pot for dessert- my least favorite thing about this dish was that it was super tiny! I wanted more.Very trendy. I like the idea of small plates, but the flavors just didn't deliver enough pop. Service was just acceptable. The decor was very fun though.I have eaten at hundreds, maybe thousands of restaurants in my life. Never have I been treated better or dined better than at SoBou. The staff is INCREDIBLY kind and considerate. The food is phenomenal (try the Puerto Rican style steak newly on the menu). I honestly have never had a better overall experience (complete with comped champagne when they overheard my girlfriend and I were celebrating). 
Perfect. 
5/5Went there on Monday the 16th.  After standing for four hours at the parade and it started raining. We were hungry and I needed to use the restroom. Stopped in here, guy was very rude, we asked for a table and he said it would be 90 minutes so we said we would keep on looking but I asked if I could use the restroom.  He said,"no".Really interesting, amazing food. The atmosphere is fun too! Try the Shshto peppers, not hot, but so much flavor!An oasis of calm and sophistication in that part of the French Quarter. Didn't expect to get in because Yelp showed no availability for Saturday night but I'm glad we tried our luck anyway. Imaginative menu, great fish and steak, both cooked to perfection. Delicious cocktails and wonderful desserts. Really attentive and friendly staff. Their bar area looked pretty cool too but we didn't try it ourselves.Ate all over New Orleans this weekend.  Had great food everywhere.  Sobou for happy hour.  The ice cream ceviche thing was really different and really good.  The shrimp skewer things were really good too. And the alligator corn dogs were my favorite.  Had the bread pudding --- I am a fan of bread pudding in general.  Had it at 5 places on this trip.  Enjoyed 3 of them --- this one, commanders palace, and mister B's bistro.  Didn't like palace cafe or Patois king cake bread pudding.  Overall, I really enjoyed Sobou.  Will definitely be back.  Would give it a 4 1/2 for the things I had.Poor service and unreliable food. Watched our white wine warm up while our server did all sorts of things. Asked twice for the wine bottle list and twice for water. Oyster taco was good as well as alligator sausage. Wasn't a fan of the cheesy tuna cones or crab mousse. My veggies side was bad - the greens were too salty and the other veggies overcooked.  Didn't even properly clear the table after appetizers. Tried to charge us for 2 bottles of wine (at $64 each) even though we only drank one. He said oh my manager must have done that.  Who pre-enters a second bottle on the ticket? Several Overpriced items, but oyster taco was reasonable.I like the location and interior but the food was lackluster. I got the bisque and my date got the red beans and rice wontons and we split a main entree of redfish. It was good but not memorable. The service was nice. My date and I left this place feeling unsatisfied and wanting more. 
I think by trying to modernize French Quarter food, they should have tried to be even more creative or stick to traditional fare. It was just a weird in-between that didn't work.Excellent foods. Here are the standouts:
App: foie gras duck confit, SWEET POTATO BEIGNETS
Entree: FOIE GRAS BURGER (best burger I've ever had)Such a cool bar right in the middle of the French quarter.  Very hip environment.  I believe the bar is a part of the W hotel.  The happy hour menu is delicious!  Try the alligator corn dog.It had been a while since our last visit to the quarter so on our anniversary we opted to have drinks and tapas at various places around the city in order to try different things. Sobou was a restaurant we had on our list for quite a while. We made a reservation for 7:00, although no reservation was necessary. Aside from the bar, the place was pretty empty. We decided to order 4 small plates and 4 cocktails and requested that our dishes come out one at a time since we were taking our time and enjoying the ambiance. The waitress was more than happy to do this for us. First the drinks. After taking our first sips, we quickly realized why the bar was so packed. Being from Miami, I am no stranger to $8-$12 cocktails, but it is rare that I consider the price tag worth it. That is far from the case at Sobou. I would pay every penny, willingly, for each of the 4 cocktails we tried. The bartender takes mixology seriously. The drinks were innovative, refreshing, balanced and memorable. On to the food. The yellowfin tuna cones are everything they are cracked up to be, and maybe more. The combination of the sweet avocado ice cream with the toasted coconut, fresh tuna and crunchy waffle cone form the perfect harmony of flavors. The oyster tacos were also very good but I felt that the taco shell overpowered the other flavors. The dirty duck and mirliton bread pudding was a disappointment. I did not taste foie gras, bourbon or duck for that matter. The mirliton and cornbread were the stars of the show. Believe me, I like mirliton and cornbread, but when you are highlighting ingredients like foie gras, bourbon and duck, I want to taste it. Finally, the sweet potato beignets. These were the perfect ending to our meal. They are a must do if you visit Sobou. I also need to mention that the service here is excellent and the ambiance takes you away from New Orleans, to a quieter, swankier place, but as soon as you taste the food, there is no denying you are in New Orleans.I stopped in here to try their Blood Mary for the "Yelp's Battle of the Bloody Mary". Wow, what a cool place! This is a review of the bar area, even though they also serve food.
It was Friday night and the bar was fairly packed. I love the entire vibe of this bar: it's fancy without feeling snooty and it almost has an "old Hollywood" vibe about the place. The bartenders were super friendly and excited that we were there to try their entry in the Bloody Mary contest. Considering how busy the bartenders were, they were happy to make small talk when we ordered.
Even though we sat at the bar, I like that there is another area with tables and chairs, just in case you want to be seated away from the rest of the crowd in the bar area. I would definitely return.This is a great little gem to check out. From the décor of the restaurant, to the inventive and inspired food choices, to the friendly wait staff (esp. Chris Benton), I would definitely return again and again. Highly recommend it for folks looking for something a little different from the rest of the French Quarter.Sooooooo Gooooood!!!!! I went Sunday for brunch, didn't have a reservation and still got seated in about ten min and was fortunate enough to have Jamika as my server, what a delight! I had the boudin benne and frankly wanted to FACE PLANT in it!!!! Amazing spicy deliciousness that really took me to my happy place. Thank you for  a fabulous brunch experience, I would travel back to the big easy just for this!!Amazing food. Service was a little sloppy but the food was SO GOOD that I didn't care. My friend and I came here for brunch as we were staying in the French District, and we liked it so much that we came back on the same day for dinner. It's definitely the best restaurant we've been to during our stay. We went to some of the most highly recommended places to eat in NOLA, but this one was definitely the best.
Everything we've had on their menu was delicious. The dishes are not only tasty, but creative and unique. The most memorable was their sweet potato beignets, both on their brunch and dinner menus. You HAVE to get it! Amazing. 
I also have to say that their gumbo is the best I've had in New Orleans. And I've tried gumbo in at least 5 different places during my stay, including the one from the raved about Gumbo Shop, but this was hands down the best. 
They also have really good cocktails - also delicious and creative. The decor is also really cool and gives the place a very modern, trendy feel to it. 
Definitely coming back next time I come to New Orleans.We loved our first dinner in NOLA! Our group is staying at the W where SouBou is located. We loved the atmosphere and food, but what really stood out to us was Tina our server. She was so nice, attentive and really helped make our first dining experience in NOLA a success! We tried the gumbo, crawfish bisque, sweet potato beignets, pork cracklin and cherries jubilee bread pudding. Everything was delicious; Tina's recommendations really knocked it out of the park! We will definitely be returning and asking to be seated with her again!The quail was raw. See photo. The waitress apologized but still charged us for the entree. The rest of the food was meh. We just wanted out of there and went to another restaurant. We went in Mardi Gras day for a 6:00 searing and it was a medium busy but not too busy for cooking the food enough.The food was all in all great!  Went for an early dinner and drinks one week night and was very pleased.  I can imagine that it gets very busy due to its location but when I was there it was not too busy at all.
The boudin balls were very good, just a little on the pricey side for two boudin balls.  As far as cracklin goes it was not what I'm used to but the flavor was good.  Had the pork belly steam bun and I have to say that I wanted 3 more after I finished the first one.  
For the main course I got the WILD MUSHROOM & CHICORY COFFEE CRUSTED VEAL RACK.  It was phenomenal!  It'll be hard for me to go back and not order this again.  It's enough for two people to share.
I had two of the CHARBONNEAU WAYs and they were very light and refreshing,Decor stunning! Food great! Gumbo was different in a nice way. Not the usual New Orleans gumbo! It's different, added pork cracklings ? The osso bucco was fantastic! Meat was tender and very tasteful. Didn't taste like pork anymore. And we love the turkey!!! Spicy! Love it. Seats wasn't very comfortable. But it blended with the other decor.
Problem is parking. You have to find the attendant all the time. 
We will be back!!!First star out is the table is dirty, and sticky, sorry, I can't stand it
Second star out is the service, food is  amazing, but dont expect any service if you dont order any drinks
what else? 
Foie Gras Burger is good, Oyster Taco is a must, not a Alligator fan so we skipped it
Price is ok, consider the locationThis isn't a place you go to get full...it's more about trying several quality dishes and drinking premier cocktails.  If I lived in the city, I would definitely frequent this spot with friends on a regular basis.Long waits, terrible coffee, way over priced, the oatmeal was stale and bland and the smoothie was watery and sour. The biscuits were the saving grace right out of the oven but unfortunately we had to wait 45 min for them. They had a massive bar that was closed so no mimosas or bloody marys. Would not for breakfast or brunch. Dinner might be better but wouldn't risk it when there are so many better options.Awesome place and nice service
We had the sweet potato beignets and they were lovely. Followed by pineapple shrimps to die for. Gumbo was also awesome! We will be back for sure!!!!I came here with my girlfriend and her mom on a Wednesday evening for a 6:45 reservation. I read some interesting reviews about the place, so I wanted to try it. I started with the "shady blonde" cocktail, which was very refreshing. My girlfriend sipped the "cannonball" and throughly enjoyed it. For the table, we split the tuna cones, the oyster taco, and the sweet potato beignets. Each of these dishes was very unique in its own way. The tuna cones were like a seafood dessert! The oyster taco was juicy, yet light fare. And the sweet potato beignets were sweet AND savory.
For our mains, we split the crusted veal rack and the glazed geaux fish (drum). I thought both were excellent and had great flavors. We got our dessert to go (the bread pudding), and this too was spot on.
||Overall, here is my breakdown||
(each category is 25% of rating)
---Service: 4.2/5.0 = A-
---Ambiance: 3.9/5.0 = B+
---Value: 4.0/5.0 = A-
---Food: 4.5/5.0 = A
---Overall: 4.1/5.0 = A-This bar is awesome! I came in for the sweet potato beignets (totally worth it) and, stayed for the drinks and our bartenders. Jeb and Laura are absolutely wonderful. They helped us pick the perfect drinks. Come in, enjoy the food, and let these two help you enjoy your evening.The family went to SoBou on Christmas day because we wanted something nicer but not so fancy that it wasn't a casual lunch.   We also wanted to find a place we could get reservations at so we wouldn't have to stand in any lines, so we made them of noon.  After being seated we were each given a Christmas bell to wear around our necks.  It might sound silly but it played very nicely.  
They had a holiday menu so the options weren't as numerous as on a normal lunch, and there were not any breakfast or brunch options.  So each of us put together our own multi-course meal of small plates.  
I started with the pecan smoked duck, oyster, and mushroom gumbo.  Wow!  It was some of the best soup of any kind I've ever had.  It had some much rich flavor, it was a little hard not to lick the bowl.  Next up was the surf & turf mac & cheese, along with some sweet potato beignets.  The mac & cheese had lots of steak and lobster, and plenty of cheese. It was cheese awesomeness in a bowl!  The beigents came with a foie gras fondue, duck debris & chicory coffee ganache.  They were decadently rich and were shared by the table.  
All five of us were extremely happy with the choice of SoBou for our Christmas day meal.  The food was special, and seemed to be prepared with a touch of art to it.  Everything was all very tasty and we all left feeling full.  Our server was fantastic, he knew all the dishes and was quick to point out a few options since we weren't going with any entrees.  The other diners in the restaurant were a nice cross section of society.  Some dressed to the nines and some in jeans and a t-shirt, and all getting the same great service.   I will definitely be back!We went in on a whim while traveling and it was tremendous. Great vibe, trendy menu, congenial service, and am awesome bar. 
Definitely worth it.