Awesome atmosphere. Very polite team and staff. Excellent food. A+ on the Bucatini and pizza.Sofia is a great place to bring someone on a date. The wait staff was nice and the food was fantastic the owner-Billy always checked in and to see if everything was good. I recommend to anyone who loves great food and good vibes. Will be back forsure. 6 stars.Sofia was hands down the best dinner I have EVER had in New Orleans. I have made serval trips to the city, but recently I visited with a group of friends for my dirty thirty. The food was above & beyond expected. The service was impeccable, & the atmosphere was the perfect place to have a birthday dinner with a group of friends. Will definitely return to this place on my next visit.If you have a love of lemon like I do, the Blue Crab Risotto is absolutely to die for. The wait staff were all very pleasant and attentive. A must try.Lots of great reviews below, and that's  a tad misleading. The food is ok, not great. The service is pretty bad. Waited for about a 1/2 hour after being seated to order food. I would understand if it was a packed house, but the place was half empty. It literally took 30 minutes to get an additional bottle of wine; which happened to come 5 minutes after we had finished dinner. The service was just slow. Lots of smiley faces, but overall it was not a pleasant dining experience. I was really excited based on the reviews below, but I and the group I was with were sorely disappointed.Food and service were both good even though it was a packed house. Only thing I would note is it is extremely loud in the restaurant.  
We were a party of 3 at a 4 top table and had to pretty much yell to communicate. Not a deal breaker for me but I can see how the noise level could turn some people off. 
The dishes are small plates and meant for sharing. We had more than enough food for the 3 of us. 
Bucatini - Pasta cooked al dente and had the right amount of sauce for me. 
Garlic Bread - Just get it; its outstanding 
Pizza - We had the Spicy. It has a little kick but it's not overwhelming spicy. Liked the char the wood fired oven gave the crust. 
Meatballs - Great texture and not dried out like some meatballs can get. Enjoyed the sauce as well. 
Gnocchi - Little pillows of goodness. 
Risotto -  It was a pretty good risotto but there were more than a few pieces of the rice that were still crunchy.Be prepared to be pleasantly surprised!  Not a pasta-based Italian restaurant but everything they serve is as decadent as then Sofia Lauren, I believe she is the name-sake of this wonderful restaurant. 
What to order?  Start with the Kale appetizer and the meatballs. Add the crab risotto as your past and you would be delighted. End with sharing the ribeye steak if you are a red meat person, it would become one of the best steak you ever had, if not the best!  If not, the Berkshire pork Milanese or the Pollo alla Limone are equally good alternatives! And if you prefer the swimming kind, prepare your pallet to a great filet of red snapper or a wonderfully prepared scampi where you control how much sauce you take with your shrimp!
I was lucky to go with a party of 8 with an executive expense account.  But even after nearly sampling everything in the menu plus several servings of the strongest Jack-n-Coke along with two bottles of a nice dark Zinfandel, we did not break our bank or violate our policy max!
A nice-nice place to try! And you'd agree it is one of the best Italian restaurant in town!One of our three favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  Not too old but already top class.  Try the squid pasta.  It's my favorite!From beginning to end, everything here was excellent!!!! There are so many amazing things on this menu, we were so impressed. The staff was delightful and so outgoing, warm and energetic. You can't go wrong with this place.This place is nothing short from being incredible. Amazing vibe, amazing food, amazing staff. 
I would eat here every day if I could. 
Huge fan of the squid pasta and the carne crudo.Where to begin...I made a reservation for 18 people for 9:00pm. I was told from the beginning that we would receive two tables which was fine. We were not seated until after 9:40. The manager told us we would receive a round of drinks on them for us being so patient. After being seated the waitress made an announcement to both of our tables about how the dining experience is for everyone to tell her what you want and she will decide how many to order because everything was shareable. She also said some cocktails were coming because we waited so long to be seated. She began taking drink orders. Things were going pretty smooth aside from the very large table behind us constantly getting up and knocking a few of our purses off of our chairs (at least three times). Oh and one of the ladies had on a VERY strong perfume that was giving myself and a friend a headache (not the restaurants fault but just added fuel to the fire by the end of our dining). So after we all order (both tables) they began bringing out food not too long after. We noticed that the other table with our party was getting more food at a time. We waited a little too long for more of the food to come out. Jump ahead the other table finished 45 minutes before us. We were there for a birthday and because they finished they went ahead and left. After we received majority of our food we asked the waitress where two of our pizzas were. She came over and showed her ticket and said she forgot to put them in (literally the only things not scratched off her list) and asked if we still wanted them. It was now 11:00pm. Yes we wanted them. They rushed the order because the pizza was mostly red sauce with like three pieces of mozzarella on it. Disgusting! While waiting for the pizza some people ordered dessert and we told the waitress we were there for a birthday. They brought the cake out and started singing while i was eating the pizza. I was so annoyed. Jump ahead to 11:40, we received our check. I immediately see the first round of cocktails on the bill. I tell the waitress. She says she doesn't remember what we got so they took 15% off. That would've been fine had we not had 10 people with each drink being a minimum of $10 a piece. The totals didn't equal out. We paid and tipped about 15% which is not like me but our service was terrible. I went to the restroom and while waiting I hear our waitress complaining to the manager that it wasn't her fault and that we should've tipped more. To recap the BS...we were seated 40min late with a reservation, we were told TWICE that the first round of drinks was on them, one table was finished before the other, the waitress forgot our food, we were rushed at the end because they close at 12 (hence the nasty pizza and putting chairs up while we were still in there), and now I have to listen to someone complain because of her mess ups. Lastly, the manager and the owner never once came to our table to say anything! They were busy with the table of about 16 behind us who sat right after us, got their food before us, and were finished over an hour before us. Time frame at this restaurant 9:00-11:50. It gets one star but deserves a zero. I am so sad that our experience here was so terrible.Went in for brunch on the Friday before Mardi Gras. I love the ambiance and vibe of the place. 
We tried many plates, 
Meatballs 
Eggplant 
Pasta
Pizza
And the cocktails were amazing. 
I loved the serving size. The service. The incredible food. 
A special place in our city. Enjoy.New Orleans is one of my favorite places to eat. It has so much soul in its food and every restaurant you go to there's a sprinkle of their culture on top. I decided to venture off from my normal spots on my last day and ran across Sofia Nola. 
My fiancé and I joined them for dinner at 7pm on a Sunday.  As you first walk in you quickly realize this place is not a normal Italian restaurant. The decor was funky, the presentation was over the top and beautiful. The ambiance was something else. So much detail put in to this place. Favorites- the Meatballs, the Shrimp Scampi and definitely get the Tagliarini. We finished with the Pistachio Torta. I'm not usually a dessert person- but Wow! Highly recommend dropping by this gem.This is definitely my new favorite place to eat at. Everything is new, chic, and clean. The vibe is upbeat Italian inspired by Sophia Loren. The food was amazing. I honestly can't say which is best but I loved the kale salad the bucatini and the steak was out of this world delicious! It's a must try spot!Beautiful place with amazing projections. Wonderful pictures of Sofia Loren. Loved all of our appetizers, the bread hands down was my favorite. We ordered pizza and multiple of the pasta dishes. I liked the eggplant the best. The cake with layers was delicious. I also had the passion fruit spritz, very sweet but delightful.Went there last night for the first time. Food was great, friendly service, food cost was reasonable. My only issue; it seemed really loud. Lots of restaurants have this problem.Sophia Nola is absolutely amazing!  This restaurant has quickly become one of the most talked about and trendiest restaurants in New Orleans. The food, staff and space are top notch!  I highly recommend!  Pro tip... order ALL of the desserts!  Delicious!Was so looking forward to trying this place as I have heard great reviews. Unfortunately the service was definitely off today. Our waitress was MIA for most of our visit, so the hostess had to fill in. And it wasn't busy at all. The garlic bread was excellent but please specify on the menu that it has butter in addition to olive oil. There are many people who don't tolerate dairy. The steak with salsa verde would have been good if the steak was not so rare. The server never asked what temperature I would like it in fact she almost walked away before taking my order. We were never offered dessert or coffee. And we waited a long time for the check and for the check to be picked up. This place has great potential but choose your servers wisely. Disappointing experience.My new favorite restaurant in NOLA! Great service, cool atmosphere, & outstanding food from start to finish. You can't go wrong at SofiaNOLA! Our waitress suggested family style, so we all ordered a few items & shared. It was the best way to go, because you will definitely want to try everything. I recommend getting a porron for the table, especially for a girls night get together! Adds a lot of funny and laughter to your party.My husband, mother in law and myself had a really great lunch at Sofia. I had heard great things, so we braved the downtown construction on a Friday afternoon. The place is airy and has a modern feel. A little loud, but still able to have conversations. Our waitress was excellent- friendly and attentive, but not overly so. Our drinks were always refilled, and she made sure to check on us after we received food. We split the Margherita pizza for an app. The pizza was actually bigger than I expected. The crust was thin and could have used maybe another minute in the oven. There was more sauce than I usually like but the flavor was good so I didn't mind. Not too sweet, not too acidic, nicely seasoned. The cheese was delicious. My mother in law got the Insalata for her meal. She liked it, except found some of the various types of lettuce hard to eat gracefully. My husband got the Fungi, a fried polenta cake with various types of mushrooms. It wasn't what we expected- not a sauce on top but sautéed mushrooms. However it was very good! I got the Bucatini which was fantastic. The noodles were just the right texture, the sauce was delicious. I would absolutely get it again. I would definitely come back, and recommend Sofia NOLA!From the ambiance, to the staff, to the drinks and food, this place has really outdone itself. I've been here a few times now, and they are always so consistent with the quality and taste of food, simply delicious! If you're looking for great Italian cuisine or just for a great fun spot to eat and drink, I highly recommend this establishment, you will not be disappointed. I will unquestionably be returning!This place is so weird. An Italian restaurant that's deeply tacky, brightly lit and blaring hip hop music. Everything about this place is incongruous with what you'd imagine to be an Italian setting. The food was good - despite the fact we ordered kale and it never came even after reminding the waitress. So get the food to go but don't bother spending your time in this unfortunate place.  I give this place one year max.We really enjoyed this place. It had a great, clean open and modern vibe with high top tables and a Lazy Susan on the table, making it perfect to share plates with everyone . We had impeccable service with the food coming out as it was ready at a perfect pace. The hostess was super attentive and frequently came over to see what we thought of the food. I was especially impressed with her as when we were leaving, there was a homeless gentleman with a wheelchair in front of the restaurant. I thought she was going to try and shoo him away and she was actually going outside to check on him.  Our meal was delicious. We started with the garlic bread which was outstanding and probably one of my favorite items of the evening. We also got the brassica which was an interesting combination of broccoli, Brussels sprouts, very thinly sliced apple and pumpkin seeds. It was not a very large portion and was a little scanty amongst five people but good just the same. We loved the pizza margherita and the crispy potatoes.  We shared the bucatini pasta (They were very kind to make it vegetarian style for us) and the Tagliarini pasta which was squid ink pasta. I would say that it wasn't as well received as the other dishes, but I really liked it. It had a little spice to it and I loved the orange zest in it.  We enjoyed the zeppoles for dessert but our favorite was the delicious dark chocolate pudding with a hazelnut topping and chocolate paper!  It was an ample amount and we were tempted to order a second.  This would be a great restaurant for larger parties due to the ability to share and the great square tables that seat 8.  You won't be disappointed coming here. Great atmosphere, great food and great service where they pay tribute to the icon Sophia Loren with photo montages and art work. It was also very easy to find parking on this quiet, serene street on a Sunday night.Great salad and pizza. Service was good until the bartender mis charged us on our bill. He said he was going to give us happy hour prices since we  we were there for HH but he did not. When we questioned him about it he said he did but then we realized he charged us for for a  way more expensive wine then I ordered. But food was good!Went here on a Sunday night for dinner, we had a reservation for 6, but the restaurant was half empty so we probably didn't need it. The server, Josh, explained that even though we all ordered our own dishes per se, they would come out as separate courses due to the kitchen only having 5 burners. We definitely understand and appreciated that he was upfront with us! It's all part of the experience and to me, that meant that the food really was prepared as orders are rung in! The service was good and he even brought out a mini birthday cake at the end since we were celebrating a friend's birthday. 
Blue crab, sorrel, marscapone risotto - very good flavor, not necessarily the most seafood focused dish, but healthy amount of crab and tasted light for being a creamy risotto 
Garlic bread - better than your average restaurant garlic bread (but also not free lol so makes sense)
Wood fired carrot antipasti - not quite what I would expect, more of a farrow dish than anything, interesting flavor but probably would not order again
Gnocchi - light and bouncy, good flavor, would order againBest Margherita pizza I've had outside of Rome. Pasta cooked perfectly al dente. You can tell the ingredients are freshly sourced and all sauces are made in house from scratch.
The interior is fun and sophisticated. A TV screen behind the bar is tuned to Turner Classic Movie channel. End your night with a homemade Limencello and catch a few minutes of the original Godzilla film.This is a really unique fine dining experience. There's a hip vibe and a Sophia Loren theme that runs throughout​  the restaurant. 
Sophia raised the bar on my favorite olives, Castelevetrano. They were served with ​orange zest, garlic, olive oil, ​ and Aleppo​ (pepper) dressing. Simply delicious!
The Brassica was charred broccoli, brussel sprouts, rosemary brown butter​ vinegarette, thinly sliced apples, aged provolone​, ​ and roasted pumpkin seeds. Absolute perfection!
We chose the Signore Bianco pizza with added fennel sausage. The server​ said it was her favorite. Stracciatella​, grana padano, creamed leek, red onion, green olives, fennel chile and fennel pollen (whatever that means). The flavors were blended perfectly. This pizza will stay in my fond memories for a very long time. 
I don't care for pasta and hardly ever eat it. However, I'm going to guess that the pasta here is probably elevated to the level of art. 
Really fabulous and highly recommended. Make a reservation because they fill up fast. We got there at 5:45 and by 6:30 the place was buzzing.
We were too full to have dessert but the Pistachio Cake advertised in Where Y'At looked amazing.What an awesome, modern Italian restaurant for New Orleans. We had 3 salads, all incredible & fresh. Pizza, chicken & meatballs were delicious. They had gluten free everything and nothing lacked flavor.  Rap music was played, giving it a very HIPhop vibe. Will be back!Really unique to New Orleans.  Italian food doesn't always need to be heavy and it seems this restaurant and its owners have either done their homework or spent a good amount of time in Italy because the pastas and antipasti are reminiscent of some of my experiences overseas.  They are not traditional but rather it seems they took inspiration from dishes you'd see and thoughtfully delivered dishes that are modern yet pay homage to the traditions of Italy.  Our large group shared most of the menu and were pleased, but the tagliarini and chicken stood out as exceptional dishes and I must say the salads were some of, if not the most inventive I've ever had.  And another thing is that rarely have I seen a restaurant pay attention to plating like they do here.  I really appreciate that detail.  For a new restaurant to function like this, Bellissimo!  Keep getting better and you'll be amongst the best in New Orleans.I rarely right reviews but for Sofia I had to. I ordered the citrus salad with shrimp and it may be one of the best tasting things I have ever had. Seriously! The combination of flavors and freshness were truly amazing. I also had the risotto verde that was really good and a perfect follow up to the salad. 
The service was fantastic and I really liked the interesting video window and projections.
I look forward to coming back.So excited to try a new Italian spot! I love Italian food and haven't quite fallen in love with any place in Nola yet. 
We went for lunch and sat outside. Curb side seating is nice and didn't lack proper service. Started with meatballs and garlic bread. The meatballs were bland, taste mostly of the mound of fresh parm on top. Garlic bread... same. Left me wanting more garlic. 
Second was the spicy pizza. Was disappointed, hoping for a more traditional Italian pizza that was light and fresh, this pizza had so much cheese I couldn't see or taste any toppings. 
Dessert was also underwhelming.  Pistachio cake was dry. Doughnut balls were good. 
Overall not impressed. I might go back and try some pasta.Best food, best service, great atmosphere! The bucatini is the best :)The reason I was so excited to try this place was because their menu online lists grain free pasta as an option. I've never seen this on a menu before so as someone that avoids grain, I usually never get to order pasta from a restaurant. When I got there, this option wasn't on their menu, very disappointed.
Both of us got a spritzer to drink. They were soooo overly sweet that for the first time in my life, I sent a drink back. It tasted more like cheap bubbly kool aid than a $10 cocktail.
The food was very average for it's well above average prices. I don't at all mind paying for quality, but after my meal I felt nothing was worth it.  I tried 4 different plates and there wasn't anything that excited me in the slightest.
Dessert was the best, but still nothing special. Certainly not worth going back for.
It was pretty empty when we arrived but the noise from the few people there seemed to amplify through out the whole place.O m g. The pastas here are incredible. Love the Pork Bolognese and the pizzas. Great place for a group or just to split for two people. Love it. Always consistent.New favorite spot in the city to grab a bite of authentic Italian cuisine! Food is wholesome and filled with flavor. Drinks are unique and refreshing. Atmosphere is hospitable, with great service included. Really hits home with the fine dining experience minus the pretentiousness.
Recommend to all my NOLA people.This is definitely my new favorite place to eat at. Everything is new, chic, and clean. The vibe is upbeat Italian inspired by Sophia Loren. The food was amazing. I honestly can't say which is best but I loved the kale salad the bucatini and the steak was out of this world delicious! It's a must try spot.So excited that lunch is served at Sofia! Must try the hangar steak, the citrus salad, and the Fungi (the polenta cake base is perfect with the charred mushroom topping). 
And if you have for dessert, get the Torta!My friends and I went there tonight for a birthday and it was great! My only complaint is the wait for everything (once we were seated) was a little long but the server was apologetic for that and we understood since it's brand new. I had the Ricotta Gnocchi which was great! I really enjoyed it. It was sweet but some bites tasted more savory so I would recommend for someone who enjoys sweet food. My boyfriend had the Signore Bianco pizza and that was so good! I would get that next time. I tasted the Bucatini that my friend ordered which was good as well. Everyone was satisfied with their meal and I was pleased to see the portions were fair as well. I will definitely be back!Amazing food and atmosphere. 10/10. Pizzas were the best I've had and in house pasta prepared peerfectlWill definitely be coming back.This place is unbelievable!!  It's not often the ratings online are accurate to the actual experience...but in this case, they were!!  Me and my wife are foodies but also love a fun/comfortable vibe.  We travel the country often and eat out wherever we go, and we had one of the best nights ever.  
It was a busy wednesday night but Peter did a great job accommodating us and set us up with a great seat at the Pizza bar.  This was great b/c we were able to watch the pizzas being made while we ate.  Also, Cymphony (super cute) was behind the bar, made great convo which made us feel VIP.  We ordered the Bianco (white sauce pizza) and it was out of this world!!!   Other dishes that are a must are:  the Brassica, the ribeye, the whipped ricotta, the street corn, gulf shrimp, blue crab risotto, and the pork Bolognese!   Oh, and have them do a sampler of all the desserts...they are all awesome!!  Bravo guys!  You are my new favorite restaurant in NOLA!!!I recently went to Sofia for a Yelp event, and I immediately t back the next week because this place has quickly become one of my top restaurants. It's so cool, cute, laid back, great service and great food. You really can't go with a experience here.
I decided to take myself on a date last night. I ventured to Sofia around 7:30pm on Saturday. There was actually good amount of street parking in the area. It was packed but you could still get a table. I decided to go to the bar because of my new favorite bartenders were working. As always the service at the bar was impeccable. I told one of the bartenders I was on antibiotics and would like a mocktail and he created me something super sexy cute and tasty. When he said " Be prepared to taste the best thing you ever taste before" I knew he wouldn't let me down, it was beyond tasty and innovative. I truly appreciate it. I didn't feel left out or anything. 
Later I asked the other bartender for food recommendations and he convinced me to go with the Risotto, which was an amazing choice. The risotto came with blue crab in it and it was a great amount added, which you don't see often. The portion size was great for me and kept me full, the taste was great the risotto mixed with blue crab, citrus, marcaspone and sorrell played so well together in this dish. I truly enjoyed it. I also ordered their delicious garlic bread, which comes out hot with all the grana padano on top that you can handle. I must mention the focaccia is made in house, so you know this bread is serious business!
I truly enjoy my dining experience here, the great staff, the dishes and the 90s hip hop while watching a little TMC proves to be an excellent choice for a date with yourself. This is also a great location for a regular date, and a special outing with friends.Sofia Loren once said, 
"Cooking is an act of love, a gift, a way of sharing with others the little secrets that are simmering on the burners."
I can tell you confidently that, unlike those secrets that simmer on the burners, this spot in the warehouse district won't be a secret for very long. The atmosphere of this place was alive with upbeat music, smelling great from the wood-fired pizza and just had a general vibe that felt right. Do yourself a favor and try the Brassica, the brussels sprouts nearly melt in your mouth. My favorite dish out of the ones we ordered (family-style dining) was the Signore Bianco Pizza. Every ingredient tested fresh. Another thing I would recommend to a reader is the Eggplant Contorni. I can't say I've had eggplant prepared this way and that is really a shame because it was delicious. Attentive staff and solid cocktails. Highly recommend stopping in this new spot and enjoying a meal with family and friends.Eating leftover crispy potatoes as we speak and it's still so good! The steak was okay, not a wow factor to it. They did present a sous-vide garlic on the plate and that was good! We also shared the blue crab risotto and we both agreed it could've been cooked several minutes longer. However, the flavor was great! We both got cocktails and both were good. I don't remember the names. I definitely would come back and try other items on the menu.I went to this restaurant once on a Sunday evening. We had reservations since it was my friend's birthday. The restaurant made you feel fancy as you walk in. There was a bit bar and a lot of tables all around. Some fancy paintings and lighting. 
The most memorable thing was the service that my friends and I received. We got a lot of great service. The waiter was kind and friendly and attentive. He made sure we knew what was going on and what was happening with everything. He also worked hard to get my friend the birthday surprise cake that we requested. This place definitely had great service. 
In terms of food, everything tasted amazing! I had a taste of a lot of it and was not displeased with it in the slightest. Everything tasted very delicious. There was not a bite that I did not enjoy. The food was creamy and warm and felt right to eat. I could not get enough of the pasta. Something about that bucatini that made me want more and more. The garlic bread was really good as well. It had a good mix of garlic and butter and did not overwhelm the tastebuds with garlic. The polenta was creamy. The carrots were really delicious with every bite of carrot. It was really hard to share, because I wanted it all. The food was kinda pricey in terms of serving size. However, there is a notion that "every dish is meant to be shared," and they deliver on this by handing out beautiful golden spoons to everyone at the table. In between the main course and the dessert, the server had come to collect all of the dishes and spoons, only to give us more spoons and plates to eat on. This action made me feel quite fancy. 
I truly enjoyed my experience here. It is like a fancy restaurant that anyone can come and enjoy. The service is exceptional, and the food is very delicious. You might even meet some famous people here.I came here Friday night for my 2nd time. This place is so loud.  I felt I was screaming! Mom and I ordered the broccolini and Brussels sprouts salad.  Well, it came out with broccoli and the brussels were so big the chef has bad knife skills.  We then ordered the pork bolognase.  The pasta was not my favorite.  An easier pasta should suffice.  The taste of the sauce was on point though.  We ordered desert the zeppole and that was fantastic definitely the best out of the whole meal.  Kind of disappointed.Very good food. The bolognese was amazing. Probably my favorite of the whole place. If I had to chose a side, I'd say the garlic bread and meatballs were the best. I always go simple when trying a new place. Logic being that if you mess up the simple, must mean you'd do the same or worse for something more intricate.I'm not going to write out a long detailed review as to how my experience was here. I find that particularly annoying to see reviews like that and don't bother reading them. My reviews are short and sweet and to  the point. Does this restaurant meet my level of expectation? Was the food good? Was  the service good? I can tell you without a doubt that this restaurant lived up to all of my expectations. The food was amazing, the service was amazing, the ambience was incredible. This is definitely one of the hottest new restaurants in the city and I highly recommend it.Best place in Nola. Atmosphere, staff were amazing and the food, even though not traditional New Orleans, was incredible.Modern Italian food and vibe!! We had almost everything on the menu and each dish was amazing! The spicy pizza and gulf blue crab risotto are a must. Service is great. Don't forget dessert!10/10- Sofia is a one of a kind restaurant. My boyfriend and I were on vacation in New Orleans and we heard that Sofia was the place to be. People were right. This is hands down, one of the best Italian restaurants I have been to. From the impeccable and quick service, to the flavorful and unique cocktails..  Even the music was on point. The entree's were incredible and the pizza was to die for. I hope everyone is blessed with the opportunity to eat at this restaurant. We will most definitely be back for more when we visit New Orleans.Amazing!! I've been 4 times and love everything I have had on the menu. Great food, service & ambiance. Highly recommend!I only have had the Margherita pizza for take out from Ritual but it was delicious. 
My pizza wasn't quite ready when I got there but I was offered a glass of wine while I waited. 
The restaurant interior was lovely especially the mosaic on the pizza oven. 
I will be back to try the crab risotto.The food was subpar.  I've had better Italian meals from Lean Cuisine frozen dinners. Drinks were really bad. The music was way too loud and weird and off putting. Definitely wouldn't go back. The seating was bad too; Tables too close together. Won't go back.Truly, AS GOOD AS IT GETS! We ate at Sophia's on a Saturday evening for a Birthday party table for nine. The first thing we noticed was how clean the restaurant was. Great music, good looking crowd, and unbeatable food. The meatballs are a must try! Seafood was fresh, and the chicken was unbelievable. Service was excellent! We will definitely return next time visiting New Orleans!I really enjoy Saturday nights here. The music and vibes are great. The tapas area really good and so are the drinks. They have great bartenders.My pasta had so much butter.. like a ton.. it was like sauce .. I know Italian food has a lot of butter and cheese.. but this was ridiculous.. not even worth the calories for the below average  taste.. food was salty.. 
on top of it they charged 6$ to add 2 Brussel sprouts and 4 florets of broccoli.. my worst meal in a long time.. not going backGreat ambience, nice for a date night. Everything was fresh (house made). You can see the cooks make the pizza right in front of your face if you are sitting at the bar towards the back. I definitely plan on going back!!!!Try this new little restaurant and you won't be disappointed. Everything was fresh and tasty. The drinks were perfect and believe me I'm picky on this one! The shrimp dish was one of the best. I also loved the the vodka infused pasta. Between everyone in our group we ate almost everything on the menu and we weren't disappointed. Dessert isn't the highlight but friends I was with enjoyed them. I will be back and hopefully try the rest of the menu.New favorite spot in New Orleans.  Great food! Homemade pasta and homemade pizza but very unique style which makes it amazing. I was truly impressed. I've Eaten at Sofia 3 times and keep trying something new and it's all good.  Really!  It's worth trying it.I recently had a business dinner at Sofia with some out of town colleagues. They were super impressed, even though on of them is currently not doing dairy or carbs. 
We started with garlic bread, the whipped ricotta and the brassica. All were delicious. And I was glad there was an app that everyone could enjoy. We had the cacio de pepe, the crab risotto and the gulf snapper for entrees. Everyone enjoyed their food and service was on point.
The drinks were tasty and one of my colleagues LOVED the house amaro. I had a lovely class of prosseco and the other was happy to be able to partake of local draft beer. 
Will definitely be back.This place is incredible! I have already eaten there six times since it opened its doors! The food was impeccable and the service was outstanding! My favorite dishes were the squid ink pasta and the budini! Easily the best new restaurant in New Orleans!This place was perfect for our girls night! We came here because we caught wind of the female chef Talia. In such a male dominated industry it was a breathe of fresh air to try her food. The ambiance was very chic. Starting with the cocktails. The Ol' Q&A left me with a good buzz. Later I had an Aperol Spritz, it was light and refreshing. Moving on to appetizers we had the carrot salad which was creative and tasty.  Our second courses were the squid ink pasta, and malfaldine. The mussels and squid were cooked perfectly and the pasta was freshly made. We also shared the Bistec Alla Fiorentina. You could tell the meat was good quality and it was plenty to go around. I will be seeing more of Sofia in my future.Cute! Nice bar, friendly bartender and a perfectly made spritz. I'd definitely go back :)This was an outstanding meal from the menu, service, ambience, wine selection and ultimately the FOOD! First, one of the managers, Chelsea, wiped down a table and chairs for me as it had rained earlier and I insisted on outdoor dining. Next, I ordered the squid ink bucatini with lump crab and it was amazing! OMG, I ate it all up in minutes!! Look at the pic, but it doesn't do justice. So amazing!! Then I decided I should pretend I'm French and ordered a salad so I got the insalata which was also amazing!! The thinly sliced pear, the creamy chunks of Gorgonzola plus the pink peppercorns, hazel nuts and mixed greens was an awesome combo!!! Divine!! Last but not least, I picked a red wine, Corvina, from Valpolicella, which apparently was a new wine on the list and it was fantastic and paired perfectly with my meal! This was just the best meal of the day on my staycation!! I will be back!!Sofia Nola is a new, hip Italian place that would appeal to a more eclectic crowd. The music is hip-hop'ish (not at all the traditional Italian mandolin strumming type). The restaurant is clean, fresh and .... well, hip! The wait staff was very friendly - all smiles as we were seated. They have a good variety of house drinks and fine wines. 
I wanted to try the Lost Little Italy because our concierge said it had "pineapple cream soda" in it. I found that very intriguing and I was NOT disappointed. The bitterness of the Campari was a good compliment to the rum and the sweetness of the soda. Good call!
We started off with the crispy potatoes appetizer. Oh WOW, we're those ever good. Roasted fingerling potatoes that are bathed in olive oil and butter and dusted with Parmesan cheese and drizzled with a red chili oil "aioli" of some kind. Outstanding texture and taste!
I ordered the bucatini and that was a good choice as well. Spaghetti pasta with fennel sausage, guanciale and basil in a rich red sauce. The pasta was a little chewy, but the dish overall was very tasty.  
My wife had the risotto with the blue crab and that was equally delicious, but found a couple of pieces of crab shell in it. 
Again, service was top notch. Prices are comparable to other restaurants in the area and it's within a convenient walk to nice hotels as well. That's a plus. 
One caveat - unless you like tall, bar chairs, seating gets a little uncomfortable over time. All the tables and chairs are bar-height. Again.... leaning toward the younger, more "hip" crowd.Always a favorite!! I love everything here: the food, the drinks, and the service .. but still, the food!! Pizza, salad, risotto, chicken.. and kale salad again.. and signore Bianco pizza again.. and the carrots and crisp potatoes.. can't say enough good things about it!! Love it!! Love it!!This is a great place for some casual dining!
Great ambience. The best food item was the spicy pizza. Not super spicy but definitely great flavor. 
Our second item we liked was the potatoes. 
They have been open for only 2 weeks but we hope they are still here when we come back. A def must try!!Amazing new restaurant on Julia street!! Everything on the menu we got was amazing and the drinks were spot on!! I would recommend this restaurant to everyoneThis place is amazing. Food was outstanding and the service was top notch! Everyone in our party enjoyed every part of their meal. We will definitely be back!Second time coming to New Orleans and a friend told me about this place new trendy and it had great reviews so I went  and I can said is one of the best Italian restaurants I have been in Nola thanks sous chef Tania for the good food and time thereI came here for lunch today.  We got the Brussels sprouts, broccoli, apple, aged provolone in a balsamic brown vinaigrette with pumpkin seeds.  They classified it as a salad...There was no lettuce HA.  It was really delicious!  I think a little expensive. $14.00...maybe should have been $12.00.  We ordered the pizza with fennel sausage and Calabrian chilies.  We were the first ones there at 11:32am...come to find out they burnt the pizza...no big deal, but we are on our work lunch.  They came out with our pizza 12:35pm.  It was delicious and very authentic.  I loved the calabrian chili sauce.  One of the best pizzas I have ever had.  The did comp the pizza which was very much appreciated.  I will be back!Finally open for Lunch!
Great food selection, I got the chicken "pollo al limone" with the crispy potatoes and it was amazing.
I don't drink but my friend had a cocktail and loved it, I'm not sure about the name of it.
The ambiance is really cool, nice music in the background, classy arts and images of Sophia Loren on the walls with a giant chandelier in the middle of the room! It's very pretty and bring good vibes.
We will return as soon as possible.This place is SPECIAL to say the least!  In a city like Nola that's crowded with unbelievable restaurants, this place shines!  A must go!My daughter and I had a fantastic experience at Sofia Nola. The service was awesome! The atmosphere is casual and they have t.v.s all over, for better or worse. The one tv by us was on for a football game and then changed to more of an Art tv. Anyhow, I ordered the Blue Crab Risotto and a Margherita pizza to split between the two of us. The Blue Crab Risotta was delicious and creamy. The pizza had a wonderful wood fired  flavor, and large enough to split between the two of us. My daughter finished with the Budino for dessert. It was decadent! 
If you have not been to Sofia, you must go!Love the atmosphere. Decor was lit from a projector and changes every so often. Hip hop music playing out loud.. almost sound like this place can be a lounge for after hours! 
Food wise everything was delicious. We got the risotto with blue crab, steak (cook medium rare), squid ink pasta, and the insalata salad. I loved everything! 
The only disappointing part was the dessert. Our zeppole had absolutely no custard inside. Extremely doughy. Instead it was on a bed of too much amaretto. Looking at other yelp pictures..ours was def off. The vanilla gelato taste like its straight from breyers. Yuck. Maybe it was an off day for them in the dessert part. 
It won't keep me away though. Will definitely come back!Sofia had been on my list for several reasons, two of which were I heard their pasta was great and that their Aperol Spritz was the best in the city. It's pretty difficult to get a reservation here at a decent time a week out so I got a (later than usual) reservation for 8:15. 
The restaurant itself was completely different from what I envisioned from an Italian place. I imagined cozy and dimly lit but it was bright and open. 
The cocktail selection was great and even though I'd heard the aperol spritz was good, I went with the passion fruit version because I couldn't resist. It was fine but I'll probably continue exploring the menu.
The menu sounded incredible albeit pricey. We got the ricotta, octopus, and citrus salad. The presentation for all of these was a little over the top- very frou frou considering the casual vibe the environment gave off. Everything was good but the octopus seasoning/sauce was kinda strange even though it was perfectly cooked. 
For mains we had the Gorgonzola gnocchi, vodka pasta, and the sausage and broccoli pizza. If there's pasta on the menu, I'm getting it. However, the star of the show was the pizza. The bread was cooked perfectly and there was a really nice balance of salty and sweet. The vodka pasta had too many pepper flakes (flavor was alright, though), and the gnocchi tasted like someone accidentally tipped the salt over too much. 
All of the portions are small, especially considering the price, but somehow we were still struggling to finish even though there were 3 of us. 
I'd definitely come back to try some other menu items, but I'm not in a hurry.This was my first time at Sofia and it definitely won't be my last! I came here with a friend to take advantage of the restaurant week menu. I was not disappointed. Let's start with my new favorite drink called Onda Rossa. It's two kids of rum with passionfruit and strawberry. Very light and refreshing. I got the meatballs and garlic bread as my appetizer, the margherita pizza as my main and the zeppole for dessert. The meatballs were so good that I got an order to go for the next day. The only disappointment was that the garlic bread wasn't part of the regular menu item! Service was fantastic. Can't wait to get back!My friend and I went here for a girls night out, and the food was delicious! The cocktails were very good and the desserts were phenomenal. After a little wait towards the end of our meal, we got dessert free of charge. Sofia Nola was an incredible experience! Such wonderful atmosphere and cozy seating. Highly recommend the pizza!I love carbs too much, but I try not to eat carbs unless it's worth the calories.  The food at Sofia Nola was definitely worth the splurge on carbs.  I ordered Blue Crabs Risotto, Pork Bolognese, Crispy Potatoes, Gulf Shrimps, Meatballs, and Pizza. All the dishes were delicious except for the meatball appetizer.  The meatball was bland and the center of the meatball was cold and undercooked.  This is my reason for taking off a star.  I would give it 4.5 stars if I could.  Besides the meatball dish, everything else was exceptional.  I highly recommend the the crispy potatoes, risotto , pizza and the pork bolognese.  I would definitely come back and try some dishes on the menu.  Hopefully this time, the meatballs are cooked properly.Love love love this place! Best garlic bread ever, homemade pasta and fabulous chicken and pizza. Our server Josh was awesome too! Sooooo yummy! We will definitely stop by again next time we are in NOLA!This is definitely my new fav Italian restaurant !! It's lighter fare with incredible pizzas and handmade pasta and juicy steaks ... the meatballs and marinara sauce will have you begging for more!  The atmosphere is funky and hip with Sofia Lauren themed art in a fantastic space that's open and inviting ... you really want to hang out here ok !!!  The service aims to please ... my waiter treated me to creative mock tails that were amazing as I was not drinking but the spirits are spot on with a nice wine list and my espresso was perfect with the hint of lemon peel.  I noticed you can order gluten free pizza .. wow!!  Over all ... great diverse menu at good price points for the entire family to enjoy a fulfilling  meal in a chic atmosphere where the owner is aiming to please and smiling from afar because everyone is having a wonderful experience!!!  Watch the wood oven pizza crisp up your crust and say momma Mia !!!! This place is good !!!!  Make sure you order dessert too ... I shared tne chocolate pudding with my son ... bravo !!!!!My girlfriend and I came with friends to Sofia for dinner tonight. We had an amazing time, the food was excellent, authentic, with a touch of personal flavor. The wine selection was awesome, the staff was so helpful, and we loved that the owner himself stopped by our table to ask our opinion of the food/service. 
I would definitely recommend anyone coming to or living in New Orleans to come to Sofia for an amazing experience with even better food. You won't regret it!I've been to plenty of Italian restaurants but this place set the bar extremely high. Came here for my birthday and was not disappointed!! The service was perfect. Our waiter was attentive, friendly, and very helpful with any questions we had. The establishment itself was beautiful! The decor was so unique with beautiful photos of Sofia Loren everywhere and the lighting and noise level was just right. Now for the most important part: THE FOOD. The food was out of this world! The cacio a Pepe  pasta I had was so overwhelmingly delicious that I literally came back the next two days just for that!!! Absolutely AMAZING. Will definitely be coming back and it's now easily one of my favorite restaurantsMeh... Decent place but a bit pretentious for what it is.  Also had a tough time getting a reservation online for the time I needed it only to find the place almost EMPTY when I got there.  Just another place that gives you over simplistic food in small plates so as to be trendy.  It was packed by the time I left and it was LOUD!  I'm glad we left when we did. 
So on to the food...
The pizzas are nice but unremarkable, tried a slice of 4 different ones and none of them made a huge impression on me.  The pasta is also unremarkable and even though the waiter recommended we order family style and share, the portions are WAY too small to do this unless you are dining as a couple.  We had to order extra food in the middle of dinner (8 folks in our table, or some at our table would have gone hungry.  I think this was a gross misrepresentation by the waiter who advised us poorly.
Quite frankly I was shocked by the bill at the end of the meal.  Unfortunately I get to eat in a lot of great restaurants in my travels, but this is not one of them.  I was not unhappy but I didn't think it was worth the price I paid for this meal.  I think it's packed because folks think it's cool, more than because of the actual food.  It's pretty new so it will wear off.Meh,   If this place was in New York or LA it would have gone under already.Came here for the first time recently for our anniversary, and everything was truly outstanding. Drinks, apps, entrees, desserts.... All 10s. Decor is hip but not just for the sake of being so. Love the Sophia Loren projections that change throughout the night. Dining room can be a bit noisy, but I'm not docking any stars because everything else is THAT good. Will be back. Likely at least once a year.Pretty good family style Italian restaurant. It was kind of bland, but still good. I enjoyed my cocktail, and the server was nice.The food was pretty good. The food is overpriced, and the service is meh.  Also, its not a kid friendly place.The place was rocking to say the least. Very busy. Nice decor. We started with the crudo which was fine. As were the meatballs. The white pizza was well done. The margherita pizza was good with a nice crust but the sauce is too sweet. The taglarini black squid ink pasta was well done and perfectly cooked and so was the bucatini. The sangiovese by the glass is too sweet so better to order a bottle of something as they have some good choices. Overall a good meal and I would go back. A little pricey but overall nicely done.This place was awesome. Had their ricotta first, followed by beet and kale salad with hazelnuts. Ricotta gnocchi melted in our mouths, and bucatini with fennel sausage and guanciale was amazing. No room for dessert, so going back for pizza and amaretto gelato with cherries.In all my travels to New Orleans, I have never found a place I like to eat more than Sofia's! The staff was helpful, attentive and catering to all needs. The food was unbelievable, I highly suggest the lemon chicken! Can't wait to come back and eat here again.Great ambiancce and service, exceptional food. Pizzas, bolognese, blue crab rizzoto, bisteca, and shrimp were outstanding. Add Sofia to your NOLA dining list.We stopped here during restaurant week for lunch and were pleasantly surprised. The bartender was extremely knowledgeable and friendly. She introduced us to spritzers which were light and cool compared to the extreme humidity outside. We ordered the Italian street corn, crab risotto and Zepole for dessert. I was; sadly, underwhelmed with the crab risotto - it was bland and something I don't expect when eating out in NOLA. The italian street corn is a must try - I could not get enough.I've been wanting to try this place, so figured Coolinary Month would be a good time. I started with the Sultry Frenchman to drink. It was terrible, $12 wasted! Honestly, I feel the $35 three course dinner was overpriced and a rip off. I choose the Meatballs and Garlic Bread for the 1st course. Well...the menu stated MeatballS and I got one (1) meatball. The sauce on it was really salty. The garlic bread was good though. For the 2nd course, I choose the Pork Bolognese. It barely had any meat on it and the pasta was bland and undercooked. I had the Zeppole for dessert. They tasted okay, but I only got 2. This was not a $35 meal and I would have gotten more value from ordering off the regular menu. The other guest had the Brassica. It had no flavor and the broccoli was super tough. You need some serious molars in order to eat that stuff. She also got the Gulf Shrimp. There were maybe 6 shrimp of varying sizes, 1 big, some medium sized and some small. They had no flavor and were served with a big chunk of undesirable bread. I'm convinced it was the pizza crust. Either way, you cannot call 6 shrimp and a large chunk of bread an entree. Two thumbs down for the whack Coolinary Menu.This was our second visit to Sofia. We love being able to order a number of dishes to share. The pizzas are phenomenal. We also loved the meatballs which were served in Sofia's delicious sauce. The vibe of the restaurant is fun and the whole place was filled with happy people. We will return to Sofia.One of the best restaurants in Nola hands down!!  The ambiance is super chic, the staff is awesome, and the food is amazing! If you are in New Orleans you must check this place out!OMG, do yourself a favor and book a reservation at Sofia immediately! Everyone was so friendly, service was great and can't forget about phenomenal food! Our waitress suggested family style and that was the way to go. There were four of us and we all picked one or two things to share! Started off with the insalata and garlic bread first (I'll be dreaming of that bread for weeks!) Then out came the Risotto with crabmeat! Next was the Osso Buco and Bisteca alla Fiorentina! Both were to die for! Finally ended with all three desserts; Budino, Torta and Zeppole! Top it all of with a Porron for some fun! They also have lots of pizza, but we didn't order any! We glanced at some that looked great and cooked in their two story wood fire oven!  This will now be one of my go to's!We were here on Sunday and were pretty disappointed with the service and the LOUD dining area.   The food was pretty good, especially the Sausage Pizza and the Brussel Sprouts.  The place is trying to be very trendy so prepare for the waitress to explain that she will 'schedule' the food delivery for you.  Overall I would not put it on my list of places you must go to in NOLA.  I would have given them a couple of stars because of how long it took to get the courses and the fact that the waitress did not get the order correct, but they did try to make up for the issues.   Maybe Sunday is not their best day.Great interior and atmosphere. Salads were excellent -- especially the broccoli salad. Pizzas were okay and service not quite as fast as should be but will chalk it up to still getting their rhythm. Ok with a family with older kids early on the evening.I went back to Sofia for dinner and had one of my very favorite dining experiences in Nola! My mom and I chose to sit outside. It was the perfect weather to do so and the music is on the loud side inside the restaurant. We had the coolest and most interactive waiter, I believe his name was Clarence. We ordered the Brassica to start and omg my mouth is watering, one of the best brussels spout dishes I've had. Then we had Malfadine and wow their homemade pastas are just the way to go. We also had the margherita pizza, and that was tasty too, very thin and perfectly baked. I will say I don't know if our experience would have been as delightful if it wasn't for our cute table outside. The inside music is just a tad bit too loud.Run don't walk to this awesome little Italian restaurant. We went our foodie couple friends and we couldn't stop say "Oh My God! This is so good" we split the meatballs and ricotta appetizers. Both were amazing. We also split the ricotta gnocchi, pork bolognese, cacio e pepe, and the crab risotto. We fought over the gnocchi. The crab risotto was also a fav. Everything is something I will dream about eating again.  Will be back. The server was amazing and making suggestions based off what we liked.Came here with my wife on our last night in New Orleans. It was an exceptional experience. Everything was literally perfect: decor/vibe, service, drinks, appetizers, entrees and dessert. We go out to eat a lot and are very discerning customers, any this is one of the best meals we can remember. I wish we were staying another night so we could go again!For the first time in my life, I sat at a dinner table for three hours and truly enjoyed the experience.  Do not misconstrue my first sentence.  The service and cuisine was so impeccable, that I found myself ordering dish, after dish, after dish.  Almost a dozen dishes later, the verdict is fresh, delicious and leaves you wanting more.  After eating at fifty plus  restaurants, in one of the best dining cities in the world,  I wrote my first review.The atmosphere is lively. The pizzas baked in a wood burning oven are just amazing. The cocktail menu is cutting edge and extensive. Waitstaff and hostess were polite and very attentive. Would not hesitate to recommend to my foodie friends.If you are looking for Italian food in New Orleans search no further. Tonight our group had a delicious authentic meal with outstanding service. You must try the risotto! The BEST I have ever had!!Hands down one of the best meals I've had in New Orleans... you. must. eat. here. 
We started with the Brassica (charred broccoli, brussel sprouts, apple, aged provolone, toasted pepitas, and a rosemary brown butter vinaigrette). Next, we had the gulf shrimp scampi, which was out of this world and had flavors that blew my socks off, and the tagliarini (squid ink pasta, mussel, and squid). Finally, we finished with the Budino (dark chocolate pudding, dulce de leche, and a hazelnut crunch). It was rich, decadent, and delicious.
1000/10 would recommend and return.I don't know if I just came on a bad night or what...I had high expectations after so many good reviews and recommendations, but ultimately felt left down. 
First I was a little annoyed that we walked in that the entire staff was huddled together in front of us and no one came to seat us for a good few minutes. Really not a huge deal, but it was annoying. Otherwise the service was fine. 
We ordered the crispy potatoes, the chicken entree and the crab risotto. 
The potatoes were good, but very salty. The chicken was super tender but bland. The only two flavors I could taste in the risotto was lemon and salt--it was unbearably over salted. 
 The ambiance was...average. Very "modern". Nothing fancy at all. Not what you think when you think Italian restaurant.Love Sofia being in our Warehouse neighborhood. We dined here for the second time on a Friday night. The first visit was an event. Both times the food was outstanding. 
Friday we had the brassica and the meatballs for starters. Delicious!! The flavors were spot on! The braised lamb shank was so tender and the carrot purée was the perfect accompaniment. My husband had the bucatini Amatriciana and raves about the sauce and fennel sausage. Our server was warm, friendly and knowledgeable. No complaints so far. 
The restaurant is modern and lively with a great atmosphere. A bit loud but the vibe was uplifting UNTIL ..... at 9:00 pm the music was cranked up about 50% which made the customers talk even louder and made it impossible to talk across the table. 
Just saying ~ Sofia is a lovely restaurant. Are management/owners trying to align it with Barcadia, their other property? If so - BIG mistake. 
I would give Sofia 5+ stars for food and service, but because of the loud music I have to give it an overall 3.5/4.Great new Italian restaurant in New Orleans! I was able to get a reservation the day of for a spot at the counter overlooking the kitchen, which was such a treat! My friend and I each ordered a drink (I ordered the opening night and my friend ordered the Matteo mule), which were both delicious! We then decided to share the brassica, kale salad, and an order of garlic bread. WOW all of these were so good! The brassica and kale salad were both light and flavorful and the portions were great for sharing! The garlic bread wasn't on the menu but our waiter let us order it for $6 (and then an additional $2 for the marinara sauce). The garlic bread was buttery and very good also! I also felt like the price was very fair ($36 each with tax and tip). For the amount of food we got and the fact that we each got a drink, I felt like this was cheaper than many other restaurants in the area.
Overall I was very impressed by my experience at Sofia! I will be back!
Food - 5 stars
Price - 4 stars
Service - 4 stars
Atmosphere - 4.5 starsWe had the most incredible lite Italian meal at Sofia's!  Although they offer some tempting wood fire pizzas, we shared their Brassica, Pollo al Limón and Risotto w Crab.    All the food was delicious, elegantly presented and appropriately proportioned.  The wait staff were attentive and delightful.  It is situated in a lovely and comfortable setting.  You may not think beyond Creole and Cajun when you visit NOLA, but if you do...consider Sofia's, you won't be disappointed!!I have been lucky enough to dine here twice recently and bother times were delicious! First the atmosphere of the place is very cool with artwork hanging and a good view of the oven and kitchen.  Both times I have been here I had very good service as well.  Both times I have dined here I have ordered the brassica which is absolutely delicious ! The apples with the Brussels sprouts and broccoli gives it great flavor! I have also eaten the kale which had a beautiful presentation and great flavor! The crispy potatoes were yummy and the aioli that they are served with worked perfectly with them. The margarita pizza was quite good as well. This past time we also ordered garlic bread which did not appear on the menu, it was very good and filling! For the pastas I've tried the amatriciana a which was good but I preferred the other things that I have ordered here. Overall great place to eat and one of my new go tos!Great ambience, nice for a date night. Everything was fresh (house made). You can see the cooks make the pizza right in front of your face if you are sitting at the bar towards the back. I definitely plan on going back.Ahhhhh! I'm so sad that this was my first time in Sofia. It's been open for so long and it took me this long to get there. Saturday's be vibin' y'all! We made reservations so it wasn't hard to grab a table. Started with cocktails then had the house ricotta which is yum plus garlic bread. Ugh all the carbs. 
We decided to do family style kinda. Ordered the squid ink which was phenomenal and meatballs and the vodka pasta...and more garlic oops  
Best. Decision. Ever.FOOD (see pics)
- Pizza was amazing. Like reallyyyyy good. Wood fire. Thin crust. We had the Commandore. 
- Bolognese: small portion but great sauce and pasta was cooked al dente, perfectly. Unfortunately served sub-warm. 
ABNORMALITIES 
- No complementary bread with olive oil 
- No soup on menu
- Leftover pizza was crammed in plastic container, clearly not for pizza. 
OVERALL - I would come back for the pizza.We went to Sofia on a late Friday night.  Refreshing new restaurant in a great area.  Really enjoyed the unique ambiance and atmosphere.  We had enough of the menu to appreciate the chefs talent for making delicious food.  The drinks were equally as impressive. Even the owner Billy came out to make sure everything about our experience was perfect. It was the perfect start to a great night and amazing weekend!!!! Highly recommend checking out this new hotspot!Fantastic experience at Sophia NoLa. Customer service is excellent, the food is delicious, the ambience has a very open and friendly feel with a rustic modern aesthetic that is very appealing. It's a nice escape from your typical bourbon street experience in New Orleans. I would suggest this location for a both business and fun.This place is wonderful!!! A must try. 
I'll start by saying that the atmosphere had a modern retro vibe. Beautiful vibrant room with iconic women in the artwork. There was a gorgeous Audrey Hepburn painting above our table & framed rotating projections of cool vintage photos of Sophia Loren. Not to mentioned the bar was playing classic movies, specifically Godzilla while we were seated. My husband was loving it!
Now to the food: The menu is family style - meant to be shared. Servers come and routinely change out your share plates. We ended up ordering a little bit of everything. Let me just say every single item was AMAZING. Below are the items that stood out:
Kale salad - wonderfully balanced. Vinaigrette was a highlight 
Margarita pizza - neopolitana pizza. The best one I've ever had. Chili olive oil on the side to dip it in was incredible. Rivaled pizza from Italy! 
Pasta - Cacio e Pepe & vodka cream sauce pasta (special of the night) were perfectly cooked. Btw, all pastas are made in house. 
I'd go into more details but I think you get the gist. Everything we tried was on point including the cocktails & the desserts. This place is definitely perfect for date night or for a larger group. You won't be disappointed!I've been here a couple of times and enjoy the menu. The food is executed well and the menu rotates seasonally, which is a selling point to me. Loud atmosphere at dinner and great for large groups or anyone wanting to grab dinner before hitting the town. It's in the middle of a fun area. Menu ranges from salads- to pastas- to pizza! The food is awesome. I haven't had anything I didn't like. They have a really interesting drink menu with lots of options. I'd say check it out. Dress could anywhere from casual at lunch time to fabulous outfit for dinner. Make it how you want! :)Nice little place with excellent service. We thoroughly enjoyed the rib eye, ala vodka, and pork bolognese.I really wanted to enjoy Sofia. And, for the appetizers I did!
My friends and I came to Sofia because we heard the great reviews and wanted to try it out. Two of my friends have celiac and at first they were very accommodating and knowledgable about the disease. 
However, when one of my friends received what was supposed to be her gluten free food, she kept eating it until the server came and goes "sorry it's not gluten free" and takes the food away. That was it. The manager came over briefly to apologize and tried to say he understood, but celiac is a disease that can make you violently ill!! 
After that, the waitress would not look my friends in the eye at all and placed the check down abruptly without saying a word. This should have been handled way better and shouldn't have even happened in the first place.
I really wanted to like this place, but after what happened I'm not sure I trust this restaurant. 
VERY disappointed.Excited to try this out because of the pics on yelp. The service was great and the basic spritz was so good. We started with the ricotta dip and the meatballs. I would have the dip again. The red gravy on the meatballs were a little too acidic for me. I had the bistecca and my husband had the scallops. The meat was beautifully presented but the flavors were underwhelming. My husband's scallops were delicious and would be something I would go back for. Our friend has she shrimp and the shrimp were beautiful. I would go back for the seafood without a doubt. And the spritz!Obviously this place is at the top of everyone's "to try" list for a reason. Omg... I literally have no words. The service, the decor, the music choice, the menu, happy hour. I'm so very grateful to have been able to experience such an experience. 
My friend and I ordered just about every dish on the happy hour menu and still cannot choose which we enjoyed over the other. Everything kept me wanting to take another bite. Whether it was the bread sticks dipped in the meatball marinara sauce or the light and fresh salad or the potatoes, I was overwhelmed with all the flavor that hit me at once. This cute spot was a different twist on the typical Italian restaurant. It was cute, colorful and modern. The employees were super chill and relaxed and put off a positive aura into the restaurant. I can literally go on and on about my newfound love for this restaurant, but you'll have to check it out for yourself. ;) I promise you will want to go back for more.Our experience here started out weird and it declined rapidly. We were seated, and told that our table would be needed in 1 1/2 hours. I thought that was rather odd that they would feel compelled to even mention that. When we sat down, I told our server that my wife is vegan. I was impressed that he took a menu to the kitchen and came back with it marked up by the chef indicating all of the vegan options including modified dishes. Major KUDOs for this (and the reason for three and not two stars). We started with the kale salad, peppers and the olives - the kale and olives were delicious. Peppers were so-so. For an entrée, my wife ordered gluten-free pasta with marinara sauce. I ordered the risotto with lump crab. Instead, they brought meatless Bolognese (or was it vodka sauce?) for my wife and the portion covered only half the pasta dish. We thought this was a bit ironic given that we were surrounded by pictures of Sophia Loren, who loved pasta (there is a huge mural with her eating from a gigantic bowl of pasta). My portion was small as well. The taste of both was mild and bland. My lump crab risotto included three sizable pieces of cartilage amongst the crab, and the overall texture was not quite right. The pasta was undercooked, and tasted starchy. The sauce was uneventful. I tasted my wife's dish and it was the same... underwhelming. My dish was only two dollars higher than her little bowl of pasta. Disappointing experience overall. We nearly spent $100 with no alcoholic beverages... a surprisingly neutral experience in the city of cuisine.This food is amazing. Great service, beautiful atmosphere, and killer food. I know I said twice cuz it's that good. Osso buco fell off the boneDelicious food. Great wood-fired pizza. Good drinks. Fun people watching on Julia street. The inside decor is entertaining. It was a good time to go around 5-6pm, sit outside, drink an aperol spritz (or a make your own spritz) and share food with friends while watching people walk by. Great warehouse district addition, highly recommend.I have been to Sofia three times and each time was better than the next. I have tried almost everything on their menu and it was all delicious! I recommend their meatballs, squid ink pasta, and ribeye steak. The steak is mouth watering! Definitely go with a group so you can try everything!The atmosphere is amazing. The food is delicious! 
The service is excellent. I loved everything and cannot wait to go back. Everything we ate was incredible!Sofia was delicious and such a wonderful date spot! We walked their from the WWII museum on a kind of rainy and yucky day. Meatball app was delicious! The pasta was divine!! We highly recommend asking for the garlic bread (it wasn't on the menu, but I saw pics on Yelp) and the pizza was really good! I can't wait to go back and try the ricotta. Also, I highly recommend looking at their drink menu. So yummy! They spaced everyone out and I felt really safe!Food and service were great - had a small issue and they went over & above to correct it. Would highly recommendI agree with another yelper - the service was the best part in this joint. 
I went there for lunch special they were posting on Instagram. They attached a few pictures on the post and I initially thought it was a great deal. Among all the options I saw, I was really intrigued by the shrimp dish and I really thought it was such a deal. Well... when I went there for lunch and ordered the shrimp, it was like half of the portion I saw on Instagram. I think it is really important to promote your offerings as explicit as you can when a restaurant is advertising on a social media. I almost feel like this is so not what I was expecting. For what I truly got for $18 lunch, it absolutely is not a deal. 
On the other hand, bread was really good. Super fluffy and soft. That one was huuuge indeed.Great addition to the Warehouse District. Nice decor and great back bar. Food was shareable and amazing. Get there siin!!!!Okay so I DJ here for brunch and after the opening it was difficult to get some time to eat but today I had the extreme pleasure of trying the steak and eggs here. Other than a beautiful presentation, I never thought I would enjoy food this much for just a brunch, but this exceeded my expectations. The steak was perfectly cooked, the eggs were perfect, and I even saw the greens on the plate as beautiful and completely about to be destroyed. This is definitely somewhere I will often come back to for brunch. Amazing staff, amazing managers, and the food just made me so happy!Wow!  This place is absolutely amazing.  We had a few drinks - all perfectly balanced.  The ricotta appetizer was one of the best things I've ever tasted.  The homemade pasta was super good as well!  I strongly recommend!Service was the best thing about it. The san bartolomeo  "old fashioned" they make is exquisite. The mule as well.great drinks.  The ricotta appetizer was good,the sweet touch is excellent and the bread is really buttery.  The bianco pizza was better the first time I tried it,this time was kind of dry and average..not bad but not out of this world. The snapper, the beans were really salty and about 3 ounces of a fish..just skip it. The risotto was kind of sweet...like sweet sweet..I didnt understand why but maybe it's just me....so pass. The pasta (cacio e p)  was also meh..plain noodles..maybe a cup of it? Nothing else. Our experience was good because of the company but not the food. Sorry.The first time I went here I got here it was a 11/10 but the executive chef was there. The last time I was there the other day, I wished there was some food for the salt that came with it. The price was great so I'll give it a 4/5. I've had my heart played with, but I'm willing to give it another go. It's as if your first date went well, second date not so much, willing for a third. Let y'all know if I make it to home base ;)Went here for lunch with my friend and had a great time. First the place is super cute and the staff was friendly. Our waitress was knowledgeable about the menu and I took every suggestion she made. I had the pork bolognese and the meatballs with garlic bread. Plus a pomegranate mimosa. Everything was perfectly delicious. We flavored and seasoned. The garlic bread was a tad bit greasy but I was fine with it. I also had the panna cotta which was delicious. Tart creamy and sweet, but not overly sweet. I would order everything all over again. I can't wait to go back and try the risotto.No, just no. I don't even know where to start. This was the absolute worst dining experience I have ever had in New Orleans. Maybe we came on a bad night, but to be honest it was a standard busy Saturday and we were super excited to finally try out this place. 
The only positive things about the night were that we were seated quickly and the ambiance was cool. The drinks were also decent. However, it pretty much went downhill from there: 
1. Nobody came to take our drink order- or any order period- for about 30-40 minutes after being seated. Sadly we had to flag down a hostess to get a drink and to even have waters poured. 
2. Our waitress completely screwed up our order. The wrong entree was brought out and took another hour to replace; a vegetable dish that we ordered was never brought out; garlic bread was brought out 2 hours later after we had already finished our entrees and drinks and were done with our dinner.
3. Best dish we had was the blue crab risotto, which compared to all the other deliciousness in NOLA, was pretty average. The meatballs and garlic bread were good but WAY too salty. Literally the garlic bread must have had sea salt heavily sprinkled on top. The lamb shank was ok, but nothing special. The carrot purée that came with it was pretty tasty though. Overall the Food was mediocre... I could've let this slide but with the food and atrocious service I was completely over this place. 
4. Dessert and coffee were never offered to us. 
5. Our check was still Incorrect with the wrong entrees on it. Took another 30 mins to fix. 
6. Waited around to have our bill closed out by the waitress, who never returned. We again had to flag down a hostess to close our bill out. 
7. It was clear that other parties/ couples around us were feeling similarly frustrated and just wanted to get the hell out of there asap. 
Again I hate to knock restaurants, but the restaurant industry in New Orleans is tough, and with the combination of subpar food and bad service, my guess is that this place will not survive long. There are MUCH better places to eat and enjoy a dinner at in New Orleans.Our waitress was wonderful. The tomato salad was fantastic. The rest left a lot to be desired. First, when we entered we noticed it was extremely loud. The hostess explained that the stereo had just been turned on, and they would adjust it. That had nothing to do with it. Whether it was the building or the obnoxious table of bros nearby, or the guys at the bar screaming--it was beyond noisy at Sofia. We were on an anniversary date, and so was the couple beside us. We both complained of the noise. This apparently is not a place for a quiet, intimate meal. It's a hip place to party. It wasn't even late--I think we got there at 7. Anyway, the drinks were good, the appetizers were also very good, but the pastas were small portions and not tasty or innovative and the dessert we tried was lackluster. We won't go back. I felt it was very overpriced for what we got. Again, our waitress was the best thing about the night. She was pleasant and helpful, and knew the menu well.Wow, just finished our dinner. Incredible! As a native NY'er I am very particular about Italian food. We started w an olive tray then split a salad, then the blue crab risotto and pesto gnocchi. Finished w made in house lemonchello. Due to wonderful seating plan we got to know our neighbors, a dad and son (lawyer and physician). Dad lives in Puerto Rico, son is a new Family Physician just starting practice here. Will never come to Nola again without a trip to Sophia.I can honestly say this was one of the best dining experiences of my life. I have dined all over the world, and exhaustively in the U.S. My wife and I sat at the bar, as we prefer a more casual dining experience. From the very beginning, we were met with outstanding service, and wonderful, perfectly crafted cocktails. As we moved into appetizers, and a pasta course, eventually to an entree, every single item could not have been more perfect. The executive chef even hand delivered my dinner. The panna cotta is the best dessert I have ever eaten. I wish I were a poet so I could accurately describe my experience here at Sophia. If anyone has questions, I'd be delighted to answer. 
House Ricotta
Squid Pasta
Ribeye Steak
Polenta
Panna CottaThe service and the food were both phenomenal. I will not miss eating here any trip to New Orleans.Photos drew me in, friends raved, I realized I knew the owner, I had to go.  This place is everything.  When you walk in, you know you want to be there.  Very cool vibe with chic, cozy decor.  Could have a convo while enjoying the music.  Our waiter was very attentive and aimed to please.  The drink menu is on point ~ I loved my Sangiovese.  Their Margherita pizza is sooo good, my new favorite, the squid ink pasta was spicy deliciousness, full of mussels and squid, and the carrot dish was just crazy amazing.  Awesome owner Billy makes sure everyone is happy and having the best time.  Will try to get something different when I come back!!  Thanks!!!We had a great team dinner here.    Great atmosphere and open layout from the art on the walls to the visible two story pizza oven.    Staff was great with suggestions of items and everything tasted amazing.   The table shared apps (Meatballs, Fancy Toast and Roasted Carrot).  I had the Signore Bianco pizza and we shared the fried ricotta donut.   Will definitely be back and a great new addition to the Warehouse District.The waiter Jed was terrible. If not for the hostess we would have been there all night. He pretty much ignored my grandson and me. The food was only average. My grandson said the spaghetti taste like " spaghetti Os". The steak was ok but nothing spectacular. I will definitely not eat there again.This restaurant was a serious disappointment. The wine was decent . The service was good. The pasta was tasty.  I want to preface this next part with this: I normally go to American restaurants and get several meals out of my one meal. However, the portion was so small at Sofia's that I returned to my apartment desperately scrounging for food. The restaurant is rated $$, but my tiny portion of pasta with three mini-meatballs cost $16. If you have deep pockets, manga!  But if you're like most of us, I'd go somewhere else to get a real meal.  This place is a rip-off.I really wanted to enjoy this place more than I did. I might go back for the little very tasty snacky foods during happy hour, and the happy hour special punch was excellent. The service was a little slow despite there being a lot of staff around. The hostess was very cheerful, though! The serving sizes were tiny but the prices were not. We each had a pasta dish - mine had meat sauce and so it was a bit heartier. My date's dish had "sausage" in it but I couldn't see any. The flavors were fantastic but the portions were so small, for $15-16 a piece, we were sad. We tried to get the waiter back to look at a dessert menu, since we were still hungry, but he hastily tossed us the happy hour menu and then was nowhere to be seen. Hope these were just growing pains, I'll update when I've given it another shot.I guess we were lucky stopping in around noon on a recent Saturday while Brunch was on. 
Other reviews mention the place can get packed in peak prime hours but only 1\2 full at this time. 
Our visit It gave me a chance to appreciate the fantastic atmosphere.
Interior design just says " Look at me", with a few portraits of Legendary bombshell Sofia Loren..
Great place for a fun, ladies brunch out what with bottomless Mimosas. 
Some large square tables available that can have 10-12 people easily communicating with each other.
The staff was very friendly and attentive. Prices are fair for excellent quality ingredients and presentation, so there's the Value. 
For an App, we tried the  
--House Ricotta : 5 slabs of country bread, with clover honey spread through the ricotta cheese, as well as, radish fennel pollen,pea tendrils and olive oil.   All of these fresh, sweet, earthy components that made a superb App for 2-3 to share.
As for the main course, I had the 
--Shrimp and Polenta with gulf shrimp, Anson mills polenta, poached egg, shrimp sauce, and  garlic espuma.
I was a little disappointed as it was not like other versions of this meal I have had at other New Orleans restaurants ( with polenta or grits). This version was very watery  and I personally like a thicker style.
FYI-- I overheard a lot of compliments about he pizza. Being from NJ\NY, I didn't attempt it, but thought i should mention it.
But overall, a great addition to the surging warehouse district.Outstanding decor, staff, food and drinks!  Everything was delicious and presented perfectly. Very novel Sophia Loren decor, photos and B&W movies playing behind the bar!Good pastas great pizza very nice service 
I liked that place
Menu and food  quality makes you to come back 
It's very important for a restaurantWe had a reservation for an early dinner with our two children (8 & 12) and we loved it! It was a cool place we would have loved to go alone later in the evening, but it was very comfortable to have kids there earlier. The decor and service is great. We had a fantastic table, fun cocktails and delicious food. The kids loved their pizza too!Mostly great reviews so that's why we tried it. My fiancé and I came here last night for the first time and was disappointed. We rarely eat carbs and wanted a date night and it was not worth the carbs or $90 expense!! Very cool looking place and good drinks but that's it. Garlic Bread was delicious and everything else not. $12 for 3 small meatballs and sauce is over priced. I sent back the risotto needed to be cooked more and didn't have any lemon or flavor like everyone else said. We both got pasta again nothing special could have made at home. I never saw any kind of management. In order to keep up with all other surrounding places, you must  have good food, flavor or you will be out of business. Good luckFirst weekend this was open. Small plates to share. The food was great!  Nice bar and drinks were well made. Will definitely be backI am perpetually on the search for delicious Italian food in New Orleans. This city, while gastronomically delicious in almost every regard, struggles in that department. 
I would give Sofia 3 stars for food, 5 for service. I had absolutely wonderful waitstaff who were appropriately attentive and friendly. The food, however, was just above okay. A few notes:
Gnocchi - delicious sauce, delicious gnocchis, but topped with offputtingly sweet breadcrumbs. These breadcrumbs tasted more appropriate for a dessert. They didnt compliment the dish -- in fact, they noticeably noticeably brought down the quality. 
Margarita pizza - delicious crust, fresh mozzarella, horrible sauce. Tasted like ragu from a store bought jar, unfortunately. A lighter, purer sauce would've made the pizza exceptional. 
Budino - best part of the meal! Very rich, could've used a touch more whipped cream, but quite good. 
I dont know if I'll be back. If I am, I'll get the gnocchi but ask them to please hold the breadcrumbs. Wouldn't bother with the pizza again.
EDIT: I've updated this to four stars based on owners response. The service here is really excellent.Fantastic lunch.  Kale salad to die for!!!!
Will return soon, service food and ambiance were perfect.  Crab risotto was unique and delicious!This is the best restaurant I have ever been to. Every single thing we ordered was perfect. I got the basic spritz for a drink, garlic bread as appetizer, the vodka pasta and the blanco pizza as entrees. They were all beyond delicious and the service was great. If I ever come back to New Orleans, this will definitely be on my list of places to go. 10/10.First visitor, but will be back! Totally awesome food and service(Kohen) was over the top. As recommended here, started with the Brassica. We shared the cacio a Pepe and the salsiccia. Both had lots of flavor. Salsiccia was my favorite. We finished with pistachio cake(tort) and zappola(donuts).Visiting from Dallas and super excited we found this gem! 
We got a few items:
Appetizers
-House Ricotta (10/10) the garlic bread is to die for, I could I gone without the ricotta 
-Meatballs (7/10) they were good. You get 2 meatballs that are standard size so 1 order is perfect for 2 people.
Pasta
-Alla Vodka (5/10) it was okay, was not a huge fan 
-Campanelle (8/10) really good! Far superior to the Vodka pasta
Pasta portions were generous, but not gluttonous and the appetizer portions were perfect for 2-4 people. 
We made a reservation and was promptly seated and the server was friendly and attentive. We will definitely be back! Highly recommend.Sofia provides an energetic atmosphere with the vibes of a "Vegas meets Hollywood" hotspot. Get the celebrity treatment simply by saddling up to the bar for a IG-worthy cocktail or reserve your own comfy high-top table, perfectly spaced away from your neighboring diners. Take a deep breath as you enjoy the endless aesthetically-pleasing treats for the eyes, such as the mirrored mosaic that adorns the stone pizza oven or the various images of Sophia Loren offered through vintage movie posters as well as digital stills projected on the chic white brick wall. Before you choose your delectables to share, an abundantly helpful and experienced server will be at your table-side. Savory, grilled Shishito Peppers; pizza brushed with garlic oil; warm, sugar-coated doughnut holes with espresso cream; and a glass of wine. Step out of your usual expectations for NOLA gourmet pizza and step into your next favorite date spot with the glitz and glam of Sofia.Skip it. Portions are ridiculous for the price. Food wasn't bad, but wasn't great. Feel ripped off by paying $4 for a bottled coke and $14 for less pasta than a can of Chef Boyardee.  That's Disney World prices. 
There are a lot of better Italian restaurants in NOLA. Vincent's is 1,000x better and better value!OK so this is a nice restaurant great atmosphere and probably a perfect spot to bring a date. However, if you want a meal that's going to be filling you might want to pick another Italian restaurant. This is not your typical Italian restaurant that has large portions.  I ordered pasta with italian sausage and to be honest it was really just OK but the portion was really small.  I would definitely recommend this place if you're eating light and getting a few drinks enjoying a  trendy spot in New Orleans but not if your super hungry looking for a stick to your ribs meal.Came here for the steak, didn't disappoint but not the best we've had.  The garlic needed more time roasting so it can become the decadent butter.  Chef? was very friendly - came over to offer squeezing out the garlic bulb and came back to check if all ok.  Bucatini while good, it was just a tad over cooked and couple strands stuck together.  The squid was very tender.Amazing food and atmosphere. 10/10. Pizzas were the best I've had and in house pasta prepared perfectly. Will definitely be coming back.I visited Sofia on Valentine's Day and it was a lovely meal. The service was extremely fast, especially for such a busy night. I knew that I wanted to try the Alla Vodka pasta, and it certainly lived up to its reputation! The tomatoey, creamy, spicy sauce clings to the delightfully curly radiatore pasta and creates a wonderful flavor experience. We also ordered the commandatore pizza and the house ricotta appetizer. It was a bread and cheese kind of night. I had a wonderful experience at Sofia and it is definitely one of the best modern Italian restaurants in the city. I also loved their flame decorated pizza oven. It was named best new restaurant of 2019, so be sure to make a reservation as it is quite popular. It is located downtown in the CBD, so parking is limited.- Services was spectacular 
- Food is to die for
We didn't have anything that we didn't love.  The ricotta and bread was fantastic. It was all very good. Highly recommend.
- ricotta & bread - highly recommended 
- ribeye steak and potatoes- soooo good
- handmade pasta
- risotto 
All so very goodWe had such an amazing night in NOLA here at Sofia. It came highly recommended to us and did not disappoint. My highlights were the margarita pizza and the blue crab risotto. To die for.Wow!!! What amazing food.  You definitely eat with your eyes first!!! And the flavors carry through as well.  Unique combinations that you won't make at home.   That's the best part- you will only have these dishes here.  Great ambiance too.Awesome customer service!!! Food was great! A gentleman walked us in to a table and for got about us. There was a little miss communication but our waiter apologized and got us started. The Best!While looking for places that were open on Christmas Eve for dinner, Sofia came up. I'm so glad we decided to dine here. I made a reservation for 7 pm and was seated at 7:15. 
The host and the waitress Kelly were so sweet and attentive. The service was great here! 
We ordered the meatballs. It comes with two meatballs so my husband and I were able to eat one each. They were so soft and the sauce was flavorful. 
The Commandatore Pizza is made with garlic oil,  italian sausage, sopressata, prosciutto, mozzarella and ewephoria. It's also made in a wood fired oven. It was delicious! 
I ordered the Allá vodka pasta. The sauce was creamy with a hint of spiciness. The pasta was cooked to perfection. The portion was perfect. I ate the whole thing! 
My husband ordered the bolognese pasta. It had a completely different taste from the alla vodka pasta even though they are both red sauces. Our waitress said it's made with veal & pork. It was very tasty! 
The whole experience was amazing at Sofia! It's a must try! I can't wait to return and try everything on the menu!Best part of the night was parking right in front the restaurant. House red was ok, they brought the decanter and no glasses, a few minutes later the waitress ask if we would like some glasses, duh! She then brings champagne saucers...Olives were very warm and bland, bland. Pizza was the best part of the meal, we got The Spicy, a lot of red onion kinda killed it though. Pork bolognese was not tasteful and overcooked. Save yourself and go to Gianna two blocks away.I kept waiting to find something wrong. I finally did - I didn't have enough room in my belly for all the food. The first time I ate at Sofia, they were newly opened. In my experience, most newly opened joints have that grace period where you kind of expect/allow snafus while everybody works out the kinks as they establish the flow of the business. No snafus! No over/under-cooked dishes, no poor service. I can't say enough good about my experiences there. 
The building has some of that old New Orleans character with some modern updates. The custom brick oven looks amazing in the space. The floor is quite large and able to host a large number of guests. I loved the open windows. You can't beat that early evening natural lighting and a nice enough breeze on a Spring day in the city. The vibe is cool and on the nicer side but not stuffy-upscale. As new parents, my fiancee and I have been trying to find spots to dine with the same Sofia kind of vibe that are baby-friendly. I wouldn't have initially pegged Sofia as being such, but I was totally wrong. They staff was very warm and welcoming and happy to have had us include the babe. 
The service was outstanding. Top notch! I believe Brittany was our server's name. She was working with a large number of guests in our party and handled each request quickly and to perfection. The owner and managers introduced themselves and were quite personable. Their front of house team was knowledgeable on all cocktails and dishes and quite helpful in helping us choose which dishes to order.
We tried a little bit of (almost) everything. Here we go: 
*I no longer see the cocktails we sampled on the menu, but trust me when I say to trust your server's recommendation. They've got you!
-Meatballs: YES
-Kale: Usually not a fan, but holy moly, YES.
-Bucatini: Mm-hmm
-Risotto: Still drooling. The blue crab is an exquisite touch.
-Pollo al Limone: Get outta here. YES.
-Osso Buco: Had my very own "When Harry Met Sally" moment. Seriously, it was one of the best dishes I've had, well, ever. 
...There was more food that followed, but the Osso Buco is where I blacked out in a food coma. Since we last dined at Sofia, I understand they've added a lunch menu. I say "GREAT!" That means there's more time in the day to go and enjoy this Warehouse District gem. If you're in the area, (even if you're not in the immediate area) I HIGHLY recommend checking it out. Take an Uber, Lyft, rent a Blue Bike (or support a locally owned small bike biz), or just use the good ol' Shoelace Express...however you choose to do so, get over there!I had been wanting to eat at Sofia forever. Their menu and food all sounded and looked sooo amazing. When I scored a date night reservation for the day before Valentine's day, I was so excited to finally try this amazing restaurant!!! They have outdoor seating but it was pretty chilly, so I'm glad we were able to get a table inside. Tables were a bit close together, but there is space. Servers wore masks. Ambiance inside is super swanky and 10/10.
We got...
- the Snapper Crudo from their Valentine's Day specials, delish! 
- Garlic bread & meaballs: the garlic bread isn't on the menu but was offered with our meatballs. Definitely get the bread so you can sop up the fantastic homemade sauce with the meatballs. Only 2 come with the order, so if you are with a group of people you are going to need a few orders of these.
- Alla Vodka Pasta: the star of the show. It had a spicy kick to it, so if you don't like spice, skip this one. I love how they make the pasta handmade and in-house, you can really tell the difference 
- Margherita Pizza: thin crust and amazing! The fresh basil on top was perfect! 
- Scallops: seared perfectly with a salty crusted top, served with vinaigrette roasted mushrooms and frisee mixture
Can't wait to return to try even more food at Sofia! Make a reservation and go asap!Come when the chef is here, third time being here , first time was all 5's, second time was a 3 and the third time she brought out pizza and it was phenomenal. A must go, but alla pasta, rissoto, chicken, and the spicy pizza were the highlightsA friend and I had dinner here last night. I was blown away. The service and food were both phenomenal. Italian is not my go to, but I love Cacio e Pepe so much, so I was thrilled to see it on the menu. We got the Ricotta starter, cacio e Pepe, the Speck pizza, and the Panna Cotta. Everything was so delicious. I live in Chicago and have many favorite New Orleans restaurants but I can't wait to come back to Sofia. A++++The Kale salad on the dinner menu was good and the other good dish we had was the pasta bolognese.  I don't understand why they spelled Sofia like that if the restaurant is themed after Sophia Loren?  Easy location with street parking - service was very slowHands down the best Italian I've ever had in my life. Couldn't recommend this restaurant enough. Chef Talia came out to say hello and the whole experience was a blast. Highly recommend for groups or date night.So deserving of a 5/5. I don't normally go for Italian food and I'm pretty picky about it when I do, but Sofia blew me off my feet. The pork belly appetizer was absolutely delicious, with the apples and greens really balancing the flavor of the fatty pork. Our entrees were also amazing. The steak came with the crispiest potatoes EVER and I would have licked the plate clean if I could've. The drinks were also tasty and the desserts really closed out the dinner so well. The panna cotta had such fresh flavors with the fruit and the mango layer, and the zeppole doughnuts were unique. There was not one bite left of anything after we were done, it was that good. Also, the environment was cute and had a nice vibe and our server was so friendly and great. I'm so excited to come back here to try the pizzas, seafood, and brunch!!We enjoyed Christmas Eve dinner at Sofia this year. We usually get all gussied up and go all out on Christmas Eve, but these are different times, so we chose to go a different direction.  What a great idea it was.
I made a reservation for an early dinner. Reservations are a good idea here. They're very popular for good reason, and it's well worth the trip.
First impressions:  friendly staff, hip, chic decor, the homage paid to Sofia Loren is lovely, the pizza oven is definitely a piece of art.
For appetizers we ordered the meatballs and the olive assortment.  The meatballs were loved by all of us.  It's a small portion so the next time we're there we'll get a second order.  The olives were good too, and I appreciated the flavors of the different varieties.
Three of us ordered pizzas and one of us had the bolognese with pasta. Our entrees were scrumptious!!!! And the pizzas were big enough to split. We had so much food! I had the spicy pizza but asked to omit the hot peppers. It was perfect! A little sweet thanks to a drizzle of honey, a little earthy thanks to the kale, a little creamy thanks to the ricotta. 
I finished up with a cappuccino and two of us ordered dessert.  My coffee and one dessert came out, so we guessed my husband's dessert was on its way. The dessert at our table along with my cappuccino were eventually finished and we were ready to go, with no sign of the wayward dessert. We asked for the check and our server left to get it for us. She came back with the check and the long lost dessert. We just asked her to box it to go. It was a gelato dessert so it was melted and not good when we got home. Womp womp.
Otherwise a good meal.The hours are wrong- they are open Sundays. With that said, the ONLY reason I didn't go 5 stars is because of the wait time for food. I understand certain circumstances can impact that, but we waited an hour for their more basic brunch menu items. Pancakes and "The Standard" I would leverage to say these were delicious enough to not be bothered by the wait though. Plus they do an Aperol Spritz closest to what we regularly enjoyed in Italy, because a lot of places get it wrong even as simple a drink as it is. Thank you for the great food!Love Sofia! I have been there twice now, and both times it was super yummy! Happy hour is the best! Super affordable and delicious food and drink options!I've now dined at Sofia NOLA twice and both experiences were stellar. The food is fresh. The service is punctual. The environment is fun and friendly. 
I love that they care about sustainability, work on having relationships with the farmers that catch and grow the food and they even compost!
The pizzas are delicious and perfect. The ricotta is mouth watering. The desserts aren't over powering my decadent, just the perfect end to a perfect meal. 
Also for brunch they have bottomless mimosa, champagne and spritz options if you're feeling frisky!Absolutely amazing food! Every time we go the food is consistently good and the service is top tier. The drinks are so yummy! Recommend the Parrons for a fun time! We got a little bit of everything last time we went. Great shareable plates! Can't recommend Sofia enough.My husband and I chose Sofia's for its location and menu.  We were staying in the French Quarter and were looking to get out of the craziness for a bit.  Sofia's is located a short walk away in the warehouse district.  The resturaunt is nicely appointed and is very welcoming. The wait staff was professional, polite and attentive.  The food was Delicious.  We decided to order 4 courses and share.  We started with the kale salad and ricotta cheese spread as anti pasta. They were a nice pairing.  Our pasta course was the Campanella.  The pasta had a nice creamy sauce, peas and pancetta.  Our main dish was the sea scallops and we finished with Budino pudding.  Overall, we had a five star experience!Absolutely NO complaints about the food, crispy chewy pizza crust, divine appetizers using only the best ingredients, and the service was friendly and attentive.  But the wine list *starts* at around $50 a bottle and a glass of Chardonnay is $14 so just be ready for that.  We had a wonderful meal, it does push the limit for value but our food was nicely prepared.  We shared a panna cotta dessert, delicious with a dollop of whipped cream and would-you-believe-it caramel corn!  Delicious with a little bourbon on the side.Um, yuuuum! The mushroom pizza was seriously one of the best pizzas I've ever had. The dough was salty and chewy with perfectly crisp-burnt parts, the white sauce melts in your mouth and the mixed mushrooms were so flavorful. Their pizza oven is legit! The gulf fish was also delicious and perfectly cooked, paired with bitter rainbow chard and a sort of sweet fig compote. I'm not much of a desert person but the flourless chocolate cake was so moist and the pistachio gelato paired with cocoa nibs just added an awesome contrast in flavors, textures and temperatures. Loved the ambiance here too, and service was awesome!David and I stopped in here to celebrate my birthday and, since we had just gotten engaged, we were celebrating that too!
I just love the vibe of this place- it has a "high end" feel, but still maintains a nice laid back vibe. I already knew what I was going to get, so I ordered the blue crab risotto right away. We also got an order of the garlic bread. Now, let me tell you something about this garlic bread: it might be the best I've ever had. It's garlicky and cheesy and AMAZING. But, you have to ask for it by name- it isn't on the menu and they don't just bring it out. We only knew it existed because David saw a photo of it on Yelp.
My blue crab risotto was delicious and left me wanting more. Seriously. The portion was smaller and I really could have used a bit more, but I loved it. It was so creamy and nice.
They knew it was my birthday, so they brought out a free little cake for David and I to share and they put "Happy Birthday" up on the little screens in the restaurant. I love little touches like that and it really made me feel special.I really enjoyed eating here. The service was excellent and the food was even better. I got the cacio e pepe, which I will 100% order again, and the pizza my friend got was just as good as my pasta.Make sure you get your reservations reserved because this is one of my favorite places to get pasta.
My friend and I were able to snag a spot for dinner and we treated ourselves! Cocktails, salads, meatballs, pizza, pasta and dessert.
Sofia does charge a 4% surcharge to pay the kitchen, so if that affects your bottom line now you know!
Everything was very yummy, I probably could have skipped the salad because it was nothing to write home to but all the other dishes were delish.
Due note, that many of the tables here are high top, so if you are handicap able, elderly, or have other issues make sure you are prepared to reserve a table or wait. 
My favorite thing about the restaurant is the amazing pizza oven, it's so cute that I really wish I had one at my house.Another go-to I'm so grateful for in this post-Covid world!  Tons of outdoor seating, although because rain I chose indoors, and tons of space inside. Food is as delicious and perfect as ever. Service was wonderful and attentive. Ricotta appetizer- perfection. Pasta alla vodka, ridiculous. Pizza - no words. They also do daily discounted meals for people in the service industry. Please make a reservation and treat yourself to this restaurant. #yelploveI wish I lived or worked closer to Sofia because the flavors here are amazing. As a self-described pizza snob, I can vouch for the absolutely outstanding pizza here. Additionally, places that do pizza really well sometimes are not strong in other areas of the menu. Not so at Sofia. I also had the special gnocchi, which was Gorgonzola, and it blew my mind. The dish arrived and I coached myself not to eat it all, but it was no use. I've had Gorgonzola gnocchi before, but never this good. I ate every single bite. An octopus appetizer was also excellent despite it not being my favorite thing. Perfectly balanced in flavor and beautifully plated. The wine list has many great and affordable options. I hope I'm in the area again soon. Highly recommended.Cute spot in the warehouse district- food was delicious! Wonderful drink menu as well.Very disappointing. Should have figured it was going to be questionable service when it took over 5 minutes to be greeted and get water. Ordered apps and entrees at the same time. 
Apps took a bit of time - we ordered meatballs and the ricotta app (the only thing that needed to be 'prepared' was most likely the grilled bread). Appetizers were ok. Waited a while for the finished plates to be cleared and the waiter seemed confused before coming to the table to take away the completed plates. Over 45 minutes later, after having to ask the 'manager' - we were brought our entrees, a pizza and a small pasta dish. 
A couple who were seated after we were served our appetizers, received a pizza (and finished it) before we received our entrees. The waiter came to 'see how things are' when there were only 2 slices of pizza left and we had already spoken to the manager, who had had another waiter come to our table. 
They did not seem understaffed for the level of business. Continuing to say 'I'm sorry' didn't correct the issue. The waiter saying he knew there was a delay in the kitchen didn't excuse his lack of service to let us know there was a delay (and 45 minutes is more than a 'delay') - as someone with over 20 years of restaurant experience, I would make an educated guess the order wasn't sent into the kitchen in a timely manner. 
We eat at a different restaurant every week to support them local restaurants during Covid. With many restaurants struggling, those that are open need to be more on the ball. 
Over all, I would rate the food a 3.5 (average, but ok). Service was poor. 
Go to Gianna (about a block away) - much better food and definitely better service.I've only been here once and it was awhile ago but the place is so adorable, the cocktails were delicious and the waitress was helpful and friendly. I honestly don't remember what pizza we got, but I remember it was good. Good crust. And the salad was cold, crisp and refreshing. I can't wait to visit again!Fabulous little restaurant away from the craziness of the French Quarter.
Pasta was delicious and the wine selection was divine! Definitely a must go when you're in NOLA!Went to dinner with a friend who wanted to try Sofia. Open table said there was no availability but we showed up and were able to get a table right away anyway. Our waiter, Josh, was a great guy and very friendly and helpful. I ordered a glass of wine and my friend had a mule to start. We chose to share all our dishes, starting with the kale beet salad. I loved this salad with the crisp frilly kale, a small amount of beets, a slightly sweet vinaigrette and covered in gran pardano snow. 
Our second course was homemade ricotta with sourdough toasts. There was a touch of honey, paprika and an earthy flavor on the toast I couldn't quite place. I asked Josh and he said it was fennel seasoning. Very good and different. 
I have a favorite pasta dish that is hard to get in this area so when I saw it on the menu, I campaigned that it needed to be our entree. It was a homemade pasta (which is a different food group from the dried variety) with pancetta, peas, pea tendrils, a touch of cream, lemon and Parmesan. I really like this slightly modern version and will have to return for it! Craveable! 
My friend wanted dessert and Josh recommended a dish of chocolate hazelnut pudding, marscapone, crushed oreos, and hazelnuts. Excellent! The adult and child in you will rejoice. 
Coming back again soon! OkSofia Sofia Sofia! You are unique!! If you love pizza you should definitely give this place a try!
Their uniqueness start with their answering machine. So delightful and thoughtful.
Food and service is fabulous too. We ordered pizza and pasta and salad and desert and drinks. Their pizza is #1 , pasta #2 salad and drink #3 and desert #4. Their desserts look amazing but taste could be better.Damn Sofia, I had such a great time at brunch that I needed a few days to figure out how to properly give y'all justice. My sister was in town visiting with one of our family friends and we were all in the mood for a hearty and rich in flavor brunch. We wanted a mix of a fun and great environment, amazing and decadent dishes, but the casualness of wearing jeans and a sweater.
Clearly we weren't asking for too much lol.
Well Sofia came to mind and after showing them a few pics from yelp (woot woot) it was finalized that this was our brunch destination for that day.
We had a bit of a late start for brunch which worked out in our favor because we were promptly seated. Our table started off with a round of drinks including a fresh grapefruit juice mimosa, and some bloody mary's that were the right amount of spice!
For those of us who may not always be in the mood for a typical brunch item, they offer many of their signature dishes WHICH I SO APPRECIATE.
If y'all have a hardcore sports fan in the group assure them their game can be streamed here as they have plenty of tvs all around. The bar area is really beautiful and a great spot to enjoy a drink and an app.
Before I talk about the dishes, I have to give y'all some deets on the resto itself.
Sofia is a living altar to Sophia Loren and it's everything. The Andy Warhol moment of her eating pasta is my spirit animal and how I myself want to be captured. There's so much homage to her and her iconicness. That beauty of hollywood and class is something I wish was still around but I digress.
There's also a pizza oven that looks like a living art installation and found out it was actually imported from Italy. BAD ASS. I creepily walked over to where they make their fresh pizzas just to see the process and it's super neat. You really can taste the difference on the crust alone because of this oven. Kinda like a lifesize sculpture tbh.
Anyways back to the food!
Order the garlic bread. Then order a second round of garlic bread. This bread was so delicious I wanted to cry when we kept killing the plates. Compliment it with an order of their meatballs. Best starter plate combo.
The pizza was delicious and always go for a margherita.
The table was in full carb mode. So we opted for the blue crab risotto (fave at the table), cacio e pepe (proper dish staple) and the bolognese. Each dish featured a proper flavor and were delicious.
We all loved the dishes and our server was amazing. Thanks Tedrine!I have been dying to try this place for a date night, & it was worth every bit of hype that it gets! We started off with the Lady in Pink & the Buckish for our drinks. (Also loved the logo detail on the ice cube!) For our appetizer we got the Pork Belly, which was absolutely delicious. For our entrees we got the Alla Vodka & the Lamb Ragu, which were absolutely fantastic. The Lamb Ragu had amazing multidimensional flavors! I was worried about potentially too small of portion sizes, because of other reviews, but they were PERFECT. We finished off with the Chocolate Torta with pistachio gelato for dessert, which was recommended by our server, & it was definitely worth the splurge! Everything was worth getting again & I can't wait to try more from Sofia next time. We will definitely be back!In town for a conference event, found this place through yelp. The food here was excellent. The restaurant style gives you very much an eclectic feel. Old black and whute photos on the wall, but in projector. A fire place rolling on screens in the ceiling and a fire pit for pizza that has a mosaic design. The food is served in family sharing style with a lazy Susan in the middle of the table. The appetizers were great with food presentation. The entrees were decent size. The only drawback that gives this place a 4 stars out of 5 is way check's are split. This doesn't make it easy for large groups.Loved eating here!! Food was delicious. Waiters were great. Vibe was immaculate. I ordered the Alla Vodka Pasta. Kind of spicy and super flavorful. the serving size was perfect.We have not visited the restaurant however ordered food for delivery. We enjoyed our order.
We got 2 meatballs from the apps, brassica & the ricotta dish. All were excellent. Three small appetizers however felt it was pricey. There was a $3 delivery charge & a service fee? We live on the same street about 3 blocks from this place. $56.
Food was very good.As promised, I returned to Sofia -- this time for a birthday dinner for one of my girlfriends. The host and my gal pal, Hanah M., penned a review of the evening so give that a read -- I'll just give you some key takeaways!
There were seven of us total and we pretty much ordered most of the menu! Here's a list of everything we got: 
- Insalata
- House ricotta
- Warm olives 
- Carrots
- Meatballs - two to an order or you can order one/person
- Alla vodka x2
- Cacio e pepe x2
- Truffle risotto
- Gulf shrimp
- Pollo
- Spicy pizza 
- Sliced bread (not on the menu, ask for it, there's two options - a loaf and sliced)
Really the main thing I want to share here is that you get the true 'Sofia' experience if you come with a big group and make use of the lazy susan (center table that turns so that each person can access the dishes). Last time, it was just me and my husband, and while I adore him, I think Italian is best enjoyed family style. 
Drinks were on point -- I never pass an opportunity to drink adult chocolate milk, I mean, espresso martinis and the aperol spritzes are nice, too. Madeline was an amazing server and handled our group gracefully! Love that they let us bring outside cake and candles. 
The portions can be small if sharing especially with as many people as we were. Definitely double order the pastas -- and do so at the outset because it can take some time to get the second order to the table. We had a lone alla vodka and cacio e pepe come to the table about 15 minute after we finished the first one. 
Will be back to celebrate something again soon!