Service here was excellent. They hosted us for an event and were awesome. 
However, I felt that is where the awesome stopped. The food I had (brisket) was mediocre at best, maybe it had been sitting under lamps all day? The bread it was served on was tough. The mac and cheese was pretty good. My glassware for beer was dirty, chilled, and they were out of everything on draft.We were actually hoping to eat at Jacques Imo's down the street but didn't realize it wasn't open for lunch. We happened upon Squeal, and it was such a fun find.
The black eyed pea egg rolls were very tasty and the pulled pork tacos were VERY tasty! My husband loved the collard greens. I highly recommend Squeal!Omgoodness!!! This place is a gem!!! Delish! We had the duck tacos, jalapeño hush puppies, collard greens (done right) and the smoked chicken wings!!! Everything was amazing!! The duck tacos were simple with fresh mixed greens, the smoked chicken wings really were succulent with the best tangy sweet sauce ever, and they were served with a real house made ranch dressing, The collar greens, don't even get me started they were delicious cooked with a reduced Maple syrup and bacon yumminess! The hush puppies were house made as well served with a honey butter that was to die for.   We sat at the bar, because the place was jamming! Wonderful food and great service!Great service and food!! The portion sizes were perfect!  Will definitely be backIncredible. Everything was perfect. The right portion size, the right flavor balances, good cocktails, and awesome beer. We're not from New Orleans but we will drive the three hours from where we live just to come again!!!This place has just "ok" BBQ in the realm of brisket and chicken.  They really focus on the pig to the exclusion of the other meats and I like the beef better so I feel discriminated against.  The brisket is pretty tender and has "ok" flavor but isn't my preferred style of brisket here.  They are pretty generous with the chicken and a bit less with the brisket if you get a combo plate.  They are also very guilty of one of my biggest pet peeves at BBQ joints in that they dole out the sauce like it is made out of plutonium and I'm not allowed to have too much for fear I might build a thermonuclear BBQ device.  Seriously one little baby container of sauce isn't going to cut it!  Really the sauce isn't even all that great so why dole it out like it is made out of ground up million dollar bills.  The sides here are alright and the service is decent.  They have a nice location on Oak Street but with Buddha BBQ closed it looks like I still have to head to the Joint to get my main brisket fix in the NOLA metro area...I go here alot... and I send people here alot...   The people are great & and so is the food. A friend has had several functions here and the menu is always delicious and fun, usually served family style.   Another  friend has specific allergies & food restrictions and I love going with her because he throws together the Most Amazing dishes for her.  Fav's are the Nachos,  BEP Eggrolls, Duck Taco's, MacNchz, ChzGrits are Yummy!!!... The youngest kid loves the gumbo, but consumed an entire order of the Brisket Tacos, tonight, in fact... Also my last 3 visits I ended up with Lagniappe Beers & once tickets to the Zepher's game :)  Eugene was giving them out through the dining room.  From what I understand he makes a mean drink.  They really support our city :)  Great Neighborhood Place... Book a party & let the Crew work some magic!I went here some time ago with a few friends before the 610 Stomper's Pub Crawl. This was the starting off point for the crawl and we thought we should grab some grub before all the drinking. 
The three of us split a full order of the Squeal Nachos. They were just what we needed! The pulled pork was so delicious. The full order could probably feed six people! it was a ton of food. 
I have yet to return, but I hear they have really great tacos now. Hummm.....might have to give it another go.Squeal fills a niche uptown as a place where you can get your BBQ on seriously hard. Their meats are all very good. The tacos are an interesting twist on BBQ but you can't beat the classic ribs or pulled pork/brisket for taste. The fries are a bit salty the last two times I've been but the great beer selection more than compensates. The owner is usually behind the bar or somewhere in the restaurant making sure things are running  smoothly. He has gone out of his way a few times to make sure my visits have been great. They have plenty of interesting and original sides/apps to dive into that I haven't gotten around to trying yet. 
Also: bike down Oak St any day of the week in the early afternoon and can smell the smoker a quarter mile away.What has happened to squeal? This was in my opinion one of the best rib joints in town but they must be under new management or something. I stopped here for ribs on memorial day which should be the crown jewel for bbq places and I swear I could have thrown the whole plate away. The ribs had a 13 degree burn though surprisingly still juicy but no taste to them at all except for the smoke flavor. I asked for sauce and they bring you a thimble of some can sauce when they used to have very spicy flavorful ribs and a great sauce to go with them. In fact the ribs were so flavorful you didn't need sauce. This is twice now that I have been and been disappointed which probably means I will never go again. Not to mention  the sides that were never that great were even worse than before. Lightly boiled greens with no taste and the worst cole-slaw I have ever had. As I walk out I was not the only unsatisfied customer. This place does not have a long life left I think.Went for lunch 11/28/09
I posted pics of all our food.
Friendly service
Creative appetizers:
-andouille stuffed fried mushrooms
-special of the day appetizer smoked pork & cream cheese cakes
Main Course:
Big portion
1/2 rack of ribs YUM!
Tasted like New Orleans BBQ if I had to call it something
Ribs came with a choice of 2 sides & hush puppies
Our sides were the collard greens & cheese corn grits
We liked it all.
I ate here with my mom for lunch & shared everything.  We were so full afterwards and even had enough to go for a second lunch the next day.
I would like to return to show my hubby this cool place.Went here on Father's Day for late lunch early dinner at 3pm and the place was empty. Everything we wanted they were either out of or the brisket wasn't going to be ready for another 2 hours. After deciding to leave the waiter tried to force us food asking if we wanted the duck that we didn't ask for. The ribs weren't ready cause they have to smoke for 9 hours. I don't know why they were open if nothing was ready to eat or they were out of stuff. After that experience I will never step foot in there againGreat Uptown spot... highly recommend the Pulled Pork Tacos and Brisket.Squeal is a great lunch spot.  We went (4people,1child) and had a great time. The half order of nacho's was enough for all of us and the smokey pork made them even better. The pork tacos were great as was the pulled pork sando. The beef brisket seemed sweet and didn't get great reviews. There are alot of good choices which means you will most likey go back. I recommend order a little of alot of items and split them amoung everyone at the table, like a tasting menu.  I do not recommend a bloody mary, it is not represented well at squeal.  Lastly, the BBQ sauce is really good, so get extra on the side.Mediocre bbq and service. Lukewarm food. The way they bring food out is like this: one person gets their plate, another person gets their plate in about 10 min, and the third person gets theirs in about 5 min after that. Portions of the actual meat are pretty small. Bbq sauce is given if requested but they don't volunteer it. It is given in a small plate so you have a limit.I ended up at this place because the "not-to-be-named-famous-restaurant-down-the-street" was too busy to wait. Squeal was almost closing but their friendly staff made room for two visiting Floridians. 
The service was great and beer selection surprising. In addition to the meats we tried the bacon Mac and cheese, and greens and certainly left satisfied. I was disappointed that the bacon brownie was not available, but I guess that's what happens when you show up late to the party.Maybe we just ordered the wrong thing...? No, i dont think so, it was really just that bad. Besides the fact that it took almost an hour and a half to get our food (and in an empty restaurant, thats just lazy), everything was so over peppered we could barely eat it. Would not go back.
We ordered:
Half nachos (eh. Nothing memorable)
Pork meat plate with collard greens and potato salad. This tasted like airport food.
I was really craving BBQ and I have to say, this completely missed the mark. I actually have nothing positive to say about it. I don't know why this place is so popular, every time I have eaten something from here I have been sorely disappointed.I was going to give them a better review but 2 of the things I was most looking forward to (the boudin balls and the grits) were 86'd. For those of you who never worked in the business that means they ran out.
Needless to say i was disappointed, but the BBQ Pork Tacos were the highlight of hte night. I got the Pork Sandwich which was average at best. The Mac-n-Cheese tastes like a bad mixture from a box.Still on the hunt for a BBQ joint.  
The smoking pit in the yard drew me into this establishments and at once repulsed me.  Cooking outside is a violation because the product is not protected from environmental contamination.
The kitchen it self seemed to be messy and the cook was preoccupied in the preparation area to notice i was watching as he scratched himself.  The restroom was not well kept.  This was surprising as the was an over abundance of female staff.  
The establishment was big and empty.  We sat at the bar. I watched as waitress/bartender twirled her dirty fingers in the salt/sugar plates.  
One of the most off putting things was the waitress hovering waiting for us to sign the bill the immediately taking the signed receipt.  
The food was nothing to write home about.  The meat was smokey that is about all I have to say about it.   I also tried the layered bowl with was greasy and gave me indigestion.  My husband had the nachos with the BBQ pork, again it was just ok.I'd say the menu looks like a pretty standard BBQ restaurant.  Definitely doesn't beat Syracuse's Dinosaur BBQ, but not bad.  The decor and feel of the place is subpar, looks like a chain restaurant with less interesting things to look at.  
I went on a night where they had buy 2 beers for the price of one so that was pretty cool.  
I also really enjoyed their duck tacos!  I tried a bit of their shepard's pie which was also delicious and their shrimp and (something with sauce that you dip french bread in) was also very tasty.  The waitress was also super friendly and very helpful.  
Overall, I liked it.  :DA very colorful atmosphere greeted us upon arrival. I had the pulled pork with a side of collard greens, coleslaw and the hush puppies. Now we could not have the ribs, because they weren't done. Now the menu had been cut and the choises where not that many and pulled pork is always good, right? No exception here, a rich molasses flavored bbq-sauce covered the pulled pork and it was good. Not great, but good. Now the sides where as sides goes, nothing exceptional but not bad. Now as we where leaving we saw the ribs being pulled of the smoker and they looked good, perhaps call ahead and ask about the ribs? 
Would I revisit? If I were to get the ribs, yes, otherwice, no.I started with fried stuffed mushrooms that are wonderful as an appetizer. For my main course, the half rack of ribs with baked beans and grits with corn was what the doctor ordered. The meal was great, the ribs had a wonderful flavor and the meat was so tender that it could not have been better. The BBQ sauce used had a great texture and flavor and the wait staff brought extra out without being asked. The grits with the corn was very unique but tasted great. The quantity was great for I could not eat everything. The service was nice and friendly to top it off. Great place to eat!It's on account of the 1 1/2 hr long wait at Jacques-Imo's that we ended up getting appetizers at Squeal. 
I really liked the feel of this place. They had Abita Amber on tap, and it was nice and cold. Yay!
We ordered wings, onion rings, roasted corn cheese grits, and a casserole-like dish with pulled pork, cheese, and I-can't-remember-what else. 
The onion rings ROCKED. You get a ton of 'em for like $4. I am a BIG fan of that! The wings were really good too. You can get either pepper sauce or bbq sauce, and we went with the bbq ones. The grits were tasty, too. I didn't love the pulled pork dish - just not my gig. But it was hot, flavorful.... just not my taste. 
Service was friendly, if a little slow. Overall, though, it had a great feel and would definitely go back.The food was ok but it was the service that was awful. We had to wait over 45 minutes just to get out food. And when we did get our food it was missing the fries, which didn't come until we were ready to leave. When you wait that long for food it kind of ruins it.Service was slow. Not all sides ordered were delivered. Ordered brisket but wasn't informed that they were out until the others at the table received their food.Good food. Great service. I don't like a thick rub on my ribs and I felt like I was missing something with the nachos. (Good pulled pork nachos at Juans Flying Burrito) But, overall I would go back for other items.Food is mediocre. Stingy on BBQ sauce for some unknown reason. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and it took 45 mins before it arrived. This was at lunch time when there was maybe 2 other tables seated. I would avoid this place completely.Holy cow, or should I say pig...
The pork belly po boy has the perfect blend of crispy sweet pork, pickled veggies and cilantro, much like a bahn mi. Pure heaven on a freshly baked, soft and chewy bun. Fried green tomatoes with basil aioli and an amazing house made tomato jam to accompany, and luscious thick cut brisket sandwich. Sides of creamy coleslaw and corn and cheddar grits rounded out our lunch. Absolutely no room in our bellies, but had to order the peach bread pudding anyway. Found room. 
Been in NOLA for nearly a week and best best best meal (outside of August, but $$$$$) so far. Go now!I went here for the second time tonight after first visiting back in August. I'm sure the next time I get the craving for barbecue this will be on my list again. 
First off, any place that has draft cider is high on my list. There was a large selection of bottled beers, but my heart has been with cider since I spent a year abroad in England.
We chose the jalapeno hush puppies to help warm us up after coming in fron the chilly weather. There were tasty, spicy without going overboard, and helped my core warm up to a temperature that allowed me to take off my scarf when my pulled pork sandwich showed up. The sauce on my sandwich had a great smoky flavor with a little bit of zip to it. It had enough tasty sauce to make it a fork and knife sandwich. The fries were thinly cut and made with the skin still on the potato which I love. They were crispy and salted perfectly. The corn macque choux was a little watery for my taste but had a nice flavor. My friend stole my order so sadly, I can't report on any other entrees but I remember my father raving about the ribs when we went at the opposite weather extreme last August.
Our waitress tried to tempt us dessert and while she almost succeed with the bacon brownie, my stomach had filled its desert spot already (I blame the hush puppies). She was friendly and attentive without being pushy. I will definitely be back for those brownies.I have eaten at Squeal a few times and I usually enjoy my meal. However, tonight was the worst experience ever! We got there around 7:30 and it wasn't super busy only three tables. Two already had there food and while we were ordering the other table received their food. Anyway we ordered hush puppies as an app and our entrees. We waited for 30 minutes before the waitress came over and said she would go check on the app. In the meantime other people were sat and the people a table across from us ordered drinks. 15 minutes later they still didn't have their drinks and asked for our waitress to get them for them. Their waiter came over and apologized for forgetting and had to re-ask them what they wanted to drink. At that point we had waited 45 minutes and had not received any food. Eventually our waitress came out with our entrees and we still hadn't received our appetizer. She explained that someone had stolen our app and it was given to the wrong table. So we started eating and then she came back with our hush puppies and apologized for them not coming sooner. Unfortunately the hush puppies were very under cooked and inedible. I returned the hush puppies and explained that they were under cooked and I understood they messed up by that doesn't mean they should rush the food if it isn't going to be fully cooked. Meanwhile at the table across from us the people who already had problems waiting for their drinks were getting frustrated because it was taking almost 45 minutes to get their appetizers. So the waitress returned with our fully cooked hush puppies right when we had finished our meal, and we took them to go. Also at this point the people across from us still hadn't gotten their food and decided to walk out. On top of all of this horrible service, my boy friends ribs were extremely over cooked and dried out. The sides we got were great, but everything else tonight was an absolute shit show, and I will not be returning to Squeal anytime soon! The only reason I am giving Squeal two stars is because their sides are great! The grits, corn, collard greens, mac n cheese, potato salad, and beans are great! everything else though isn't anything to drool over.
Bottom line: Lousy service, way to long of a wait for mediocre bbq, and idiots work in the kitchen.A nice surprise good wings an onion rings not bad for something we were not looking for in N.O.Nice ambience on Maple that really has the potential to be a great barbeque setting.  The wait staff was friendly and service was good.  I ordered the Hickory Smoked 2 Meat plate - brisket and pulled pork.  Unfortunately, I was overwhelmed by the barbeque sauce.  It was incredibly sweet and completely overtook the taste of the meat.  I want to be able to experience the quality of the meat, as well as have a great sauce that compliments it.  Instead, it felt like, "would you like a little meat with your sauce?"  I'm disappointed because I was really hoping that this place would be great.What can I say about Squeal which hasn't already been said - the food is fantastic and the wait staff is always funny. I highly recommend the pork tacos, it is a menagerie of flavors in three mouthfuls. Also the new specials -duck and red fish- are great (go for the red fish with crab guac, delicious).The food is outstanding. I would give Squeal five stars but the service wasn't very good at first. They eventually got it together and we had an amazing experience. The empanadas are to die for...well, I wouldn't recommend dying but  you should try them.  If you visit (and I hope you will),  there are two things that you have to try: Grits and Ribs. They're the best in town.I'm a huge fan of the food at Squeal. Being from New Jersey, BBQ always meant grilled burgers and hot dogs, so things like pulled pork, ribs, and smoked sausage were never really things I ate or even liked. However, Squeal changed all of that.  The ribs are divine. Just enough fat, meat, and sauce. Fantastic.
I'm a huge fan of the sides as well, the hush puppies are great as is the grits and collard greens (though I wish it was smoked turkey instead of pork). 
The tacos are good but I question why there are so many. The smoked pork one is probably the best and I highly recommend that to everyone who visits Squeal.
The one thing that is hit and miss for me is the wait staff. There have been times when I'm greeted like I'm one of the family and other times when I am ignore for the better part of 10 minutes. 
All and all, great food and ok prices.It's plain bbq, nothing special. 
Ribs: Quite moist, but nothing outstanding. I've bought better bbq at the local Winn Dixie.
Squeal Pie: A slop of mashed potatoes and booocoooo cheese. I felt guilty for even tasting it. It was awful.
Pulled Pork Poboy: This tasted dry. The only thing good was the bread it was on.
Boudain Balls: The only thing that was delish. So, if anything.. Get this!
Service: the waiter was annoying. We mentioned that we were in a for a quick bite when we first sat down. Every time he came with a dish, he kept talking and wouldn't leave to let us eat. 
Food would be good here if it was consistent and they had better service. Great location though..First time at Squeal. It was lunch time. I had the hankering for some sweet ass BBQ. I got a half a rack and two sides of coleslaw.
I got it to go and the coleslaw was warmed up by the time I got home because it was in the same box.  Don't care for warm coleslaw. They also included three hush puppies that reminded me of pigeon balls. The ribs were dry and the sauce was kinda burnt. Yesterday's bones methinks.  Yuck. 
Worst BBQ ever? Yes.
Ya know, I once punched a Rueben Samich cause it tasted like shit. That ole feeling came back when I ate these ribs.
So disappointed.Food is great, service is great. Pork cake appetizer is awesome. Pork with grits was very good as we're the pork tacos. My dad never really likes any place we take him in New Orleans and he requests this place every time he visits.I was in town for the French Quarter Festival, and wanted to check out Oak Street eateries.  The street was all dug up, but friendly locals directed us to a parking spot nearby.  Our target restaurants were closed, but we stumbled upon Squeal.  A good thing.  I have had BBQ throughout the south, Texas, and on both coasts, and the ribs here were The Best!   Seriously, I have never had such juicy, meaty, fall-off-the-bone, perfectly spiced ribs in 40+ years of searching.  If you live in or visit this city and like BBQ ribs, try this place out.  Ample quantities, and amazing sides.  Cheese corn girts, and collard greens alone were worth the visit.  And the hush puppies....the first I have EVER had the had any character at all.
Friendly staff, nice room and veranda, several fine beers on tap.Can't say enough about this place, great food and great owners and staff! Best BBQ in Nola :)Ummmm... The pork belly "award winning" Poboy was dry and so tough it was just dreadful. The sides were okay but frankly bland. I expect so VERY much more here in New Orleans. The staff was super polite but it the food...needs a lot of work.
Oh and 5 buck for an Abita Amber? Yeah pass.Decent BBQ. I'm from Kansas City, so I may be biased, but the food here is definitely good. If you're looking for a cheap night, just get the Nachos. They're gargantuan, and could feed 3 people just by themselves. Other than that, everything I've had is ok there, especially since it is not that expensive. The service is good, and the atmosphere is, if nothing else, inoffensive. I'll probably continue eating here to get my cheap barbecue fix.Bland atmosphere. I do love the pulled pork tacos, but I have tried a variety of sides, and have been disappointed in them all (which is crazy because I love cheesy grits! and mac 'n cheese!).
Reasonable prices, and not too crowded, but also not really a fun/exciting/delicious place to go.Decent food, slow service...a few people walked out after being over looked several times. Had the ribs, which were tasty but literally charred. Needed BBQ sauce so I could eat it without scraping my mouth. Husband loved the Squeal Pie, a southern shepherd pie with cheese and I liked the greens with the apple cider vinegar, but a little too much vinegar.
Looks like it's mainly for the local college students and doesn't have to worry about presentation, quality or speed. Maybe it was a bad day, but not particularly impressed. Especially located next to the famed Jacques-Imo's. 
Worth a shot, but go in a group and get liquored up first.The fried boudin balls were O.K. though Cochon's version is much better.  The black-eyed pea egg rolls were divine. I wasn't blown away by their barbecue sauce, but the pulled pork had a good, smoky taste by itself. The squeal pie was unlike anything I've ever had stateside, but it kinda' reminded me of the shepherd's pie I sampled in the U.K. Very unique and tasty combination of pulled pork, corn maque choux, andouille mashed potatoes, and cheddar cheese. The roasted corn and cheese grits make for a great side. The hushpuppies do not. The service was prompt and friendly. I'm looking forward to a return trip to sample the ribs.This town is not known for its BBQ, but Squeal is pretty good. Probably second best. But I like it. Up until last week, it was my fav BBQ in NOLA, and I will still come here. 
They do also have some truly great southern sides. Greens, Grits, Beans, corn.i've been here twice and have had a pretty decent meal. It's a little expensive for traditional BBQ places, but you'll leave satisfied. I wouldn't recommend getting the spicy corn as a side item because it's not that good and neither is the mac and cheese. I think everything else is pretty solid. Also, I will say one thing - the only reason this isn't getting 5 stars is because the side item portions are WAY TO SMALL. I think if you want an extra side or just a side order of something, it's anywhere from $4 and up. For the SIZE, that's outrageous. Either lower the price of the side items, or make the portions a little larger. I had to eat my sides conservatively to make sure they lasted through my entree. I shouldn't have to worry about not having enough.Allow me to begin this by saying one thing.  I love pig.  Seriously, pig might just be natures candy.  Due to my love of swine I was glad to finally try Squeal.  
All in all Squeal was good.  The smoked pork by itself was, punch me in the neck, tasty.  However, when put together in their signature dish (the Squeal Pie) it was lost in a blur of flavors.  Granted, I am not a huge fan of foods mixed together - I tend to let my stomach do that.
Our group tried the puled pork sandwich (which was delicious), the Squeal Pie ( which was like eating bbq baby food), the black eyed pea egg rolls ( consistency was meh, but the flavor was good), and last but not least the pulled pork nachos ( which were so good it made me want to make sounds that might have been inappropriate at the table).
We enjoyed Squeal and we will be back.  We loved the ambiance and our server was great.  She even made extra efforts to get our 3 year old juice.
If you love pig then here is a place to enjoy it.1. Super friendly staff.
2. Tons of craft beers.
3. Bacon Jalapeno Mac & Cheese.
If you're giving this any less than 5 stars, than you're either a vegetarian or just a low-down-dirty-hater.Well worth the drive uptown. The online menu did not match what was actually there, but the selection and food was still very good. Tried a specialty drink called "The Gardener" which was like a mojito with a jalepeno twist. Good service and friendly staff.Absolutely horrible service!!!!  We waited 45 minutes for our food and the sides were cold and had no flavor.  The ribs and pulled pork were very good - but that was it.  The waitress never checked on us after she brought our food.  She didn't offer drink refills or ask if we wanted dessert.  We had to wait 30 minutes after eating just to get our check.  Very overpriced!  $3 for a coke and no refill.  If I ever go back it will be to place a to go order just for the BBQ.I just ate at Squeal Tuesday night. The food is always awesome, especially the pork cakes - I would highly recommend them. 
The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is that the service is always just ok ... if not pretty bad to be honest. You usually have to remind them about something you ordered, or be prepared to to get something slightly other than what you asked for. But, the food is still great, and the environment makes you feel like you're eating at the restaurant from True Blood ! 
Check them out !The ribs are are an absolute religious experience. 
Wonderful ownership, very personable and accommodating. Staff is great, always good beers on tap.We just kind of stumbled across this place so that we could kill time before going to Jacques-Imo's. We sat at the bar and ordered drinks and some food to munch on. It was a bad idea just on the basis that the portions were so big.
My boyfriend and I ordered the pulled pork tacos. It came with three tacos, and it wasn't too bad. the pulled pork wasn't as tender and flavorful as I wanted it to be, but it was just a snack.
Our friends ordered the pulled pork nachos. The half portion was too big. The thing was covered with shredded cheese, which hardened after a while. That wasn't very appetizing.
The chef was nice enough to give us a dish for free. He made us grilled duck with a citrus sauce. It wasn't on the menu, and it was actually delicious! The duck fat was rendered down and it was slightly pink, just how I like it. The sauce was delicious too! That's what pushed me over. I shouldn't have indulged in this dish, especially considering how big the portions at Jacques-Imo's are.This is not bbq, not even close. I'm not sure what they are going for, I think they're trying to make bbq more highbrow/upscale, but that is not the essence of what bbq is to me. The greens we're very oily and they don't have proper vinegar available. The DBLT tacos were fair at best, the pulled pork sandwich was saved by their bbq sauce (and also why Squeal gets 2 stars from me... the sauce is legit) the baked beans where by my estimation from a can, which is fine, but please do something to make them yours. Potato salad is Carolina mustard style, not bad but not memorable.
The service was lacking, had to ask for tea refills, she picked the cup up by the rim between her thumb and forefinger. Waited twenty minutes just tob pay, and the server wasn't interested in helping me until it came time to collect the tip, she came running. 
In short, not bbq, not memorable and not anything there to bring me back.We went out to Squeal on a recomendation of a friend while we were visiting the French quarter. A trolley ride through the garden district and a pleasant walk on foot brought us to some of the best bbq i've had anywhere.
The staff was very nice and i really enjoyed the southern feel of the whole place. Very laid back and relaxing. Good selection of beer, but the food stole the show.
Get the Won tons. I know they sound weird but they're worth it. The bbq and grits was a great mix of flavors and everything on the plate stood up well not only as an individual item but complemented the other food paired with it perfectly. We will be coming back here for sure next time we head down South.Went there again today figured I would take another chance it was around lunch they only had two tables ,they were already out of Mac and cheese,and burgers right after lunch this place is ruined forever!I think they should quit while they can.So bad... So very, very bad. 
I went with a small group.
I had heard so many positive things about the place, but across the board, it was bad.
I had a half rack of the ribs. They were cold, dry, burnt, disgusting... There is no other way to help this. I ordered extra sauce to help... the sauce  even tasted burnt.
My sides were the mac and cheese and the Corn Maque Choux. The mac tasted like lumpy, watery american cheese, and I love Kraft. The corn was the only good thing. It was super spicy without being overwhelming. 
We also ordered the Boudin Balls. These were fine. Nothing special, nothing horrible.
I won't speak for my friends, suffice to say that they weren't happy with theirs either.
Everyone ate less than half of their meals.
The waitress was nice, sweet and attentive. However, she did charge me for a specialty beer $5, when I ordered and drank a domestic. I pointed this out to her to have her correct the small price difference and she balked... 
I won't be going back. $100 tab including tip and everyone left hungry.
Side note: The tacos that they sell on Wednesdays in the square are always excellent.If I could give it 6 stars I would. Between the service and food this place is great! The jalapeño hush puppies are OFF THE CHAIN! a lil salty, but the honey butter is a great dip. The pork cakes were kinda dry so I won't be getting those again, but that just makes more room for the black eye peas egg rolls which are pretty awesome. Even the Arnold Palmer is good. Plus the chef brought us a free order of pulled pork tacos just because he overlooked greeting us when we 1st came in, if that ain't good customer service, I don't know what is! And to be honest... We didn't even notice but shhhhhh.. Again GREAT FOOD + GREAT SERVICE = a happy customer cause I will certainly be returning.If you say BBQ, I say I'm in!
I was quite excited to come and seeing the smoker outside made that feeling even stronger. My experience though, did not reflect that. Service was slow and unorganized like it was a restaurant that had just opened and they were working out the kinks. However, to my knowledge this place has been around for quite some time, so it just was not acceptable.
One good thing I can say is that they did try to be nice and make up for it. We were undecided on the sides and the server suggested we get the Corn Maque Choux. We didn't know what it was so he gave it to us free so we could try.
Despite the smoker outside, the food did not live up to the expectation. It was mostly room temperature food that I wished they would have at least gave it more time to heat up. I rather fresh food but if you are going to reheat at least make it hot, especially the Corn Cheese Grit (which we were mistakenly given), and the Mac & Cheese.
The Cole Slaw had the right temperature, it was not bad but just wasn't that great.
The same goes for the BBQ Pork Tacos. It wasn't bad but the tortillas were stale/over toasted and took away from the taste.
Regardless of all of that was eaten, the Ribs is what really determines the experience. The were moist and actually smoked and well prepared, but were not hot and which made it disappointing.
Although service needs a lot of work and the food could have been a lot better, since I went, they have updated their menu, so it may be worth another try.We stumbled on this BBQ joint since we could not endure the two plus hr wait at Jacques-Imo. We were greeted by Eugene, who turned out to be one of the owners. He boasted about how Texas doesn't know BBQ like Squeal does......Eugene comes CORRECT!!! It's apparent that they select excellent high quality meats to start with and then amp it with the best hickory smoked juicy bbq flavor i have ever had in a food joint. SO CRAZY GOOD! Eugene is not messing around. He also served up the best collard greens in all of NOLA. Fresh, crisp, a lil spice, a lil sweet and so perfectly flavorful. Hush puppies with green chilies were outstanding as well. Squeal will make you scream for BBQ. Dig it!!! Worth the drive if you want to get out of the French Quarter for a meaty feast or if your just in the area. Squeal rocks!A group from my alma mater came into town this week to work with Habitat and I was given the honor of being a tour guide for them. Unfortunately, due to a mix-up with the size of the van, we weren't able to do a driving tour of a few different neighborhoods. Instead, they suggested that I do a walking tour of my neighborhood after dinner in the area. So now I had to pick a spot near my place for dinner. Well, rather than suggesting one place, I provided the group with a few options that fit their budget and were open to people under 21.
Squeal was the group's second choice and, when the first choice did not work out, I called during lunch and made a reservation for a party of 13 for 6:30. I arrived a little after 6:30 and the group had already arrived before me. When I walked in, a server saw me and said, "Your party is already here. They're in the back." I guess I must have looked like I was looking around for people, but I was pleasantly surprised by her putting two and two together and taking the risk of guessing that I was part of the group.
I joined my group and told them what was supposed to be good according to the Yelp reviews I had read. I'm not sure how much earlier everyone else got there, but as soon as I sat down, our server (the same girl that greeted me and directed me to the table) was bringing water and iced tea. She then gave us a couple more minutes and then took the order. Everything was going very smoothly.
I was slightly worried that it would take a crazy long time before our food made it to our table because of some of the reviews I had read, but this was not a problem at all. Maybe it was because we were there on a Tuesday night, but the food came out very quickly.
I ordered the pulled pork plate with the collard greens and the grits. Everyone on here is right. The greens *were* really good. I enjoyed the pork and the grits as well (I was excited about having left-over pulled pork to make tacos with). Ooh and the hush puppies were yummy as well. My friend to my left ordered the chicken plate and received a huuuuge piece of chicken with her two sides. Folks around me who ordered the ribs seemed to enjoy it and said that the meat was falling off the bones. Also ordered were wings, gumbo, jerk chicken tacos, veggie nachos, and black beans and rice. There were a couple of people who had dietary restrictions (one vegetarian and one non-pork eater) and they were able to find items that worked for them and seemed to enjoy their meal.
Our server was delightful throughout the meal and did everything right for our party of 13. I was especially grateful because these are out-of-towners and I wanted them to have a good nola dining experience. Natalia (I hope I spelled it right! I approached her to ask her name after the meal because the receipt didn't have her name on it and I wanted to give her a shout out.) took very good care of us and it was clear that everyone had a great time. Thanks so much!2.5 really. Was our second option after being turned down up the street for having too big of a party. We were lured in by the smell of the chickens smoking in the front yard. Good tactic.  Being a party of 7, we were thankful that we were seated promptly.  The service here: horrendous.   Upon being seated, we waited at least 10-15 minutes before our waitress even showed her face.  She handed us the menus and left without taking drink orders.  Finally after another 10-15 minutes she came back and took our drink orders.  We decided to order everything all at once (perhaps we knew what was to come).  Our table ordered two appetizers: the nachos and hush puppies. Both were nothing to rave about.  The nachos had the shredded cheese melted on. No. Then came more and more waiting.  We noticed people who arrived after us receiving their meals before us. Feeling like we were waiting for our turn at the doctor, our party grew frustrated and antsy. Finally! Our entrees arrived!-- Well half of them.  The other half came about 7-8 minutes later. Wasn't too impressed with my entree (pork over grits) but my boyfriends green onion sandwich with coleslaw on top was actually very good. We complained to the manager who then comped our entire meal.  Management messed up a whole lot of the meal, but they did do the right thing in giving us our meal entirely for free.  What was supposed to be a quick Saturday lunch turned into a 2.5 hour affair.They ran out of ice, so there were not drinks. The server was creepily hanging around the whole time and kept staring at us when he wasn't asking us "how everything was." Uh, thanks. You asked that five minutes ago. The collard greens were INCREDIBLE. I give a whole star for that. But my ribs were salty, tough, and dry. Definitely unacceptable for BBQ. Not going back.We always make the trip out to squeel whenever we visit new Orleans.   The pork nachos are amazing and a perfect Hangover cure!!Pork cakes are awesome!!!! Please do yourself a favor and try the tacos!!Had a great time last night! Was my first time @ Squeal. Sat  at the bar and the chef came out and asked us to try a few new Friday night small plate ideas he was trying out. Can I say I LOVEDDD the fish on a bed of greens and a plantain cake topped with fresh pineapple salsa. Can't beat it for $6!  Really relaxed vibe, friendly staff, and super good food. He brought out the duck leg next. Yep, it tasted like chicken.  Don't miss it late night on Fridays!!! Woo Hoo!Very good service. Our server claimed everything was the best in town. While I doubt it was true, it was surely worth the trip. You will leave feeling that your taste buds had a great time!I went here for the second time today.  The first time I had the pork tacos which were excellent!!!  Today I went again with the same friend.  She got the pork tacos, and I got the beef brisket tacos as well as the boudin balls.  I thought the boudin balls were very dry and there wasn't much remoulade sauce.  I ended up eating the insides of two of them and left the coating they were fried in.  I took the other two home.
The beef brisket in the tacos was so dry....yikes!  I asked the waitress for more BBQ sauce thinking I could moisten them up.  She brought it out, and that made them a bit more moist.  All of the sudden, the chef came out with this HUGE plate of beef brisket with the BBQ sauce on top.  OMG!  I wasn't complaining, just trying to make the taco more palatable.  I had a few bites of the brisket which was very moist and excellent.  At that point, I was pretty well done and left two tacos, but took the brisket and boudin balls in a to go box.  If you want tacos, go for the pork tacos.  They are the best.
The waitress was one of the best I've encountered in a very long time.  Unfortunately, I don't remember her name, but she was great!This is the real deal. Best St. Luis ribs I've eaten to date. Even the deserts are smoky delicious (chocolate peanut butter brownie with ice cream, bacon and delicate slices of  caramelized banana).
The duck 3-way was excellent!  
Greta staff great service!I liked this place so much that I had to immediately write a review! People, everyone has BBQ preferences, as you can clearly see from some of these negative reviews. I'm a southern girl who loves BBQ, and my husband I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of our dinner. We both got the brisket platter with different sides. Seeing as though it is Mardi Gras day, I was happy that the only things they were out of were fries and the Mac-n-cheese that I was looking forward to. Brisket was delicious. The sauce was tangy and complimented the smokey flavor well. The corn and cheese grits were perfect. We were both surprised by the option of baked black or white beans. We chose black beans and it was spicy and smokey and unique. We enjoyed them and would order them again. The coleslaw is different. It's not your usual heavy mayo southern slaw. It was sweet and very subtle. I couldn't put my finger on the one ingredient that made it so different. It was a good coolness to break the stronger flavors of the beans and brisket. However, it's not my personal favorite. I look forward to going back and trying the pulled pork and the Mac n cheese!All fat, no meat on my brisket sandwich. And there was WAY more bread than anything else! Won't be back. Service was equally unimpressive.it could have been my bourbon-primed stomach, but i really liked the food that i ordered here last night. i had the pulled pork entree with potato salad and baked beans.  the pork was cooked just right and was covered in a sweet and spicy barbeque sauce.  the beans and potato salad were tasty but not memorable.  truth be told, though, i'm not a big fan of sides; they take up too much gastric real estate that would be better occupied by smoked meat.  
i couldn't finish all the food that was piled on my plate (but i'm a ~*dainty lady*~) so at about 13 bucks (which includes tax but not tip), i thought it was a steal.
my dining mates each liked their individual entrees and felt like they were well sated for the price.
heads-up: my beer-swilling friend ordered the LA 31 smoked wheat beer but, upon tasting it, was disappointed.  he didn't expect it to be as sweet as it was and stated that it had a syrupy mouthfeel.  
bonus: TONS of outdoor seating.I'm not a big fan of BBQ but these guys are good. I had a burger when I went and was very impressed. The service was great when I went but I have heard of others having a bad experience.My boyfriend and I decided to stop in here after rejecting an hour wait at Jacques-Imos. It was pretty late and I was surprised they were still open. Our waiter, Charlie, was very happy to seat and serve us. We ordered a half-rack of ribs, perfect for two hungry people. The sauce was spectacular and the meat you could literally suck off the bone! Charlie had some great recommendations for beer and desert- he was spot on every time, and was very knowledgeable!  We'll definitely go back, I've got to try the beef brisket.Squeal is bringing real Southern BBQ to the Uptwon/Riverbend area, but there are a few problems that need to be worked on for the place to be as indispensable as The Joint. While the meats themselves were smoky, flavorful and cooked to perfection, and the sides I sampled were mostly great, some of the peripheral concerns - service, ambiance, the "house" BBQ sauce, and some of the non-BBQ dishes - were definitely not up to par during my visit.
Meat: the St. Louis ribs were delicious. We got a full rack for the table, and they did not disappoint. The "bark" from the rub was delicious, and the meat was fall-off-the-bone tender. I know there are some differences of opinion out there on the "correct" level of rib done-ness (some say they should stick to the bone and retain some chewiness), but I'm a fan of the fall-off-the-bone doneness level, so it didn't bother me. The pulled pork was tender and not grainy at all. The chicken was flavorful, even though the white meat was dry. I was not able to sample the brisket, as it had run out when I visited. Our waitress, who was very nice but was definitely flustered and "in the weeds" during our visit (despite the fact that the dining room was far from full), said something to us that indicated that the meat may be pre-smoked and then warmed in conventional ovens to order, which is disappointing, and probably accounts for the dryness of the chicken. However, this process did not ruin the pulled pork or the ribs.
Sides: The collard greens were excellent. The bacon & jalapeno mac n' cheese was good, although there was not enough bacon or jalapenos to significantly alter the flavor of the dish, which was a standard, if well-executed, dish of penne pasta with a creamy white cheddar sauce. The roasted corn & cheese grits were very good. The cole slaw was average.
Appetizers: The black-eyed pea egg rolls were yummy, similar to a southwestern egg roll that you might get at a chain restaurant, but with a Southern twist that made them better and less typical. The jalapeno corn hush puppies with honey butter were awesome, the best hush puppies I've ever had. Three hush puppies come with every BBQ platter.
The not-so-good: My sister is not a fan of red meat, so she ordered the fish tacos. They were awful. The fried fish used in the tacos had a strong fishy smell and taste, usually a clear sign that the fish is not fresh, and may in fact be going bad. The taste and smell was so objectionable that she could not even finish one taco. We told the waitress about the problem, but the tacos were not removed from our bill. Another problem was the house sauce. The primary flavor notes were sweet and spicy. There was no vinegar taste at all. This wouldn't have been a problem if Squeal had - like many other BBQ places - offered a few different sauces to suit different tastes. We asked the waitress if there were any other varieties we could sample, but she confirmed that the default sauce was the only sauce that was offered.
Service: The dining room is small and dominated by a gigantic big-screen HDTV usually tuned to sports. The size of the screen makes it difficult not to stare at, which is a problem when you are dining with a group and end up being antisocial because your gaze is captured by the giant luminescent hypno-box. The walls of the restaurant are covered with art that so kitschy and terrible it is distracting: NOLA Neo-Impressionism is the best word for it, even though that makes it sound more important that it is. It sucks. When I visited, our waitress was breathlessly running around, so busy she could not be attentive. We waited a long time to give our orders, get our drinks refilled, etc. Some of our requests went unfulfilled: we ordered sweet tea and never received it, we asked what the fish of the day was and were never told. It was strange because as far as well could tell she only had three tables to serve. She was very flustered and could not answer many questions about the menu, which may indicate that she is new.
There are isolated aspects of Squeal - the pulled pork, the collard greens, the egg rolls - that are superior to The Joint, the other contender for NOLA's best BBQ. However, there are enough major negatives - the sauce, the service, the weird ambiance, those awful fish tacos - that make Squeal, in the final analysis, not nearly as appealing as The Joint.I suppose I am not destined to eat at Squeal BBQ. The owner? or server? for our table was rude and unconcerned with us (I went with my son) .  
Here are the issues:  
* Flies inside the door and a wooden floor that was dirty and sticky.
* There was no one to greet us.
* After three minutes, a guy drops off paper menus (with contained at least 1 spelling mistake), takes the order (root beer and an unsweetened tea), quickly gets the drinks and drops them off without napkins, cutlery, or sweetner.
*keep in mind, there were only 5 tables in use and there was another server...we didn't see our server at our table for another 12 minutes.
*when i asked him (when he was nearby) if another server could help us, he walked away by saying it was going to be him. I asked if i could at least have some sweetener and he left the area without acknowledging my request. 
Obviously, he didn't realize how hungry we were, but I did mention it was our first time (did he disregard my comment?) so a little professional courtesy would have been very appropriate. If he was too busy with chores to help me, couldn't he have asked me for a few moments? We walked out in frustration, heading 30 minutes away to another bbq restaurant.
For the record, the 5 sides (corn maque choux. collard greens, white beans, coleslaw, and grits) did not appeal to my son.  The menu seemed to need a kid-friendly addition.  
I would not recommend Squea to anyonel at this time.Delicious BBQ!! Pulled pork was fantastic. The hush puppies with honey butter couldn't have been better. I highly recommend this place.Weird experience, we had three different servers that all asked us for our drink order. Horrible fatty meat, not hot. We were very dissapointed. I ordered the brisket entree and they gave me pulled pork instead with half brisket.
Never going back
Horrible Easter experienceAmazing food, impeccable service and generous portions. The owner/chef was incredibly hospitable and provided more options than we could even consider! The ribs were 2nd to none, the honey butter for the hush puppies melted in your mouth and the options for duck and pulled pork were numerous and delicious! Do NOT miss "the Elvis" dessert, a bacon and peanut butter brownie with carmelized bananas and vanilla ice cream. Thanks to the staff for a fantastic experience and to the chef for an amazing meal !Squeal adds a special flavor to the New Orleans Cuisine that is uncommon in the Cajun south.  This restaurant is a smoke restaurant with a huge twist.
If you want a pulled pork platter, or ribs, or smoked brisket, you will be very pleased with the results.  But look at the chalk board daily specials and you will find some excellent, inventive dishes.
On our recent visit we started with fried oysters with a side of house pickled watermelon and jalapeños.  Not your typical fried oyster, but perfectly fried with a hint of sweet.  We also tried the egg rolls (black eyed peas, bacon, and andouille), and the hush puppies.  Unusual, but successful approach to an egg roll, and one of the best hush puppies I've ever had.
The pork shank daily special was so tender that the meat fell off the bone easily with just a tug from your fork.  Sides dishes were corn cheese grits and an unusual smoky sweet approach to collard greens.
We also have tries the ribs which are nicely smoked and very tender.  The brisket was also very tender and full of flavor.
Good, imaginative, food.  Service was good.  RecommendedI wouldn't come back.  We got:
1. Nachos (which were recommended by the waitress). This was actually pretty good. They give you a lot of meat and A LOT OF CHEESE.
2. Squeal Pie. This was a little on the disgusting side. It was a plate of cheese melted over pulled pork and potatoes. They add a lot of pepper to it too.
3. Pulled Pork Sandwhich. The pork was not bad, but  nothing to rave about.
Decor: Is decent. It feels like a bar.
Service: Was decent. The waitress wasn't a bitch.Talk about an unassuming place, Squeal is it. Located in an old private home, this place is hands down one the best kept BBQ scecrets in town. Probably know to the locals but not many tourists.
I discovered the place quite by accident but I'm glad I did. 
Our party consisted of five, one of which was a professional chef. We order several main stays of the menu such as pulled pork sandwich, ribs, Squeal pie, corn grits, greens, fries, slaw, and several of that night's specials and all shared.  Everything was fabulous. My brother, the professional chef, made a point to tell the owner that he was a chef and Squeals BBQ was the best he's ever had anywhere. Now I have seen some of the low marks that have been posted, all I can say is maybe they had an off night or maybe the reviewers were just used to better BBQ, I can't say. I can just comment on my own experience which was great. 
Portion sizes are good, bordering on huge but that just means you can have it the next day. If you want a great BBQ experience in NOLA, you can't go wrong with Squeals. They are conviently located right off the St. Charles street car line, so you don't even need to drive there if you don't want to.What a delight! Excellent Pulled Pork and Beef Brisket. Haven't had better Hushpuppies or Fried Green Tomatoes anywhere in the Quarter. What was really outstanding was the Duck Bacon and Jalapeño Ginger Duck Leg.Can't wait to go back.Super salty and we waited for over an hour. The waiter was new and totally forgot about us. 
My girlfriend has been here before and the food was not as bad, maybe we were there on an off night. I'm just giving this review based on the horrible service, and the food that was so salty I couldn't finish any part of it.We had high hopes for some delicious barbecue - but unfortunately, the service was very poor and we waited 45 minutes for one appetizer and one entree to no avail. When it looked like we were going to continue to wait, we paid for our drinks and left.i would give them a 3.5 .... wings .....errr .. ahhhhhhh ... they were wings. sometimes you try so hard to be unique - you really mess up your meat. the wings - - - -pass. the ribs looked good, smelled great when driving by .... when u cook ribs 8.5 hours, as they advertise. they are usually overcooked and the bone comes str8 out of the ribs. they were meaty ... i would try them again with the ribs mainly becoz i have had worse
server very attentive and friendly ....
if you are in the area - - - stop
if not ................keep it mooooo-vingI may be a vegetarian, but the residual joy from my friends at the possiblity of BBQ has rubbed off on me. And to be fair, I love the smell- even if I'm not partaking. 
BUT WAIT! At Squeal, I can! (kind of) They actually have vegetarian dishes on the menu! It may only be two, but they are both awesome! The veggie nachos are good, especially topped with their pico-de-gallo, and the blackbeans and rice are awesome. How is it that a BBQ place can have such awesome black beans, but Juans cant get it right? I've also dabbled in a couple of their sides- the grits are spectacular! The first time I haven't had to dump a ton on butter and hot sauce all over a bowl of grits... The corn, hushpuppies and potato salad are also good. 
As for the meaty (and innevitably more important) side of things- I've never heard a poor review. They do run out of things sometimes, but I guess thats how if goes when it had to spend 8 hours in the smoker... Guess you can't help a sudden influx of brisket eaters. 
Anyways, my man's ribs just fell off of the bone! Our friends had the 2 meat plate- brisket and pork which he said were very tender and flavored well- very peppery.  The portions are huge, so expect to take boxes home (and remember your rib bones for the mutt!)Hrmmm I'm still debating at this second whether or not I should give this place 3 or 4 stars.  My best friend was craving some BBQ, so we decided to give Squeal a try.  We shared a pulled pork sandwich on French bread and my boyfriend had the sausage sandwich.  As sides we had the Jalapeno and Bacon Mac n Cheese, potato salad, fries, and corn and cheese grits.  Our pulled pork was quite tender, I just wish there was a little more flavor.  Though, you can just ask for extra BBQ sauce to add some more flavor to your sandwich.  The Mac n Cheese was also good.  I loved the jalapeno flavor of it.  The corn and cheese grits were also good, but I don't think they were as good as Zea's corn grits!  The fries were addicting; it must have been that Tony Chachere's seasoning!  The potato salad was also good, just not incredible.  We then got the pineapple upside down bread pudding with a scoop of vanilla ice cream for dessert.  Also good, but not the best.
The service was average and our server was nice, just not as attentive as I wished, but that's really not that big of a deal.  It's a very laid back place, so I didn't expect the service to be outstanding or anything.
If you're craving BBQ, Squeal will definitely fulfill that craving, but I don't think it's the best BBQ joint in New Orleans.Best bbq ever. Great dblt ( duck, bacon, lettuce, and tomato) tacos. Amazing service. Definitely a restaurant that emphasizes the quality of their food. Eggroll app are awesome. Love the outdoor seating. Hands down one of the best restaurants in new orleans. Next time I'm ordering the squeal pie. Looks great.One thing that stands out about New Orleans is the never-ending variety of unbelievable food!  Brimstone here to tell you about an incredible NOLA gem that goes by the name of Squeal Bar-B-Q... a place that has quickly become near and dear to my heart.  The ambiance of the restaurant is country yet artsy as large and colorful paintings adorn the walls.  Now, let me start by saying that the distinct BBQ aroma hits you within a block of the place itself and as you find yourself floating on a cloud of yummy bliss all the way into Squeal; the scent of what is to come literally becomes more intense!  Since this is a barbeque joint; it works if you are a party of one or twenty... they have plenty of room for hungry diners.  The staff is extremely knowledgeable and delightful; as a group of five Food Hounds - we had a lot to order and came with a ton of questions to which our server answered with a smile and perfect advice.  On to the food itself... my mouth is watering as I write this...
There is literally So much to choose from - we started with the Smoked Pork Cakes which were similar to crab cakes; but with smoky pulled pork and a light outer-breading, then topped with a tower of fresh salsa and chili sour cream that was off the hook!  A total WIN was the Black-Eyed Pea Egg Rolls; a slight crispy egg roll stuffed with black-eye peas of a refried bean consistency, andouille sausage and bacon then accompanied by a fantasmic spicy ranch sauce.  The uber-delectable Habanero-Ginger BBQ Duck was very Pan-Asian in flavor - the homemade ginger based BBQ sauce slayed with a long-lasting savory spice while the meat was moist, juicy and soaked with ginger.  The Gumbo was a perfect classic blend of incredibly tender chicken and andouille with a twist as they use duck as well - chunky and flavorful, not too spicy; served with a perfect amount of exceptional rice that accents the flavor behavior in the gumbo.  We gorged on the Squeal Nachos which were seriously hefty for only a half order!  I was amazed by the delicious co-mingling of flavors including smoky pulled pork, jalapenos and black beans.  If that weren't good enough, they up the ante of their intense and satisfying starter by drizzling their homemade BOSS of a BBQ sauce all over this treat of champions!  For those who either don't do swine or meat in general; but would like to partake in the fun - the Veggie Nachos is a replica of the tastiness without the meat!
Moving right along to the entrées... the Fish Tacos were lightly breaded fish of the day sprinkled with lime and cilantro - crispy on the outside with a slightly spicy kick and tender, juicy love on the inside; not to mention the sauce was incredible!  The Brisket Tacos consisted of a soft, tender perfectly stacked pile of meaty brisket on a crispy soft taco - WOW.  We shared a portion of the Squeal Pie which is their popular take on Sheppard's Pie; pulled pork, andouille mashed potatoes (YUM) and corn maque choux (a traditional dish of southern Louisiana) topped with cheddar cheese.  The Pork Tacos were amazing - yet again, we witnessed amazing flavor in the pork; pulled and piled high with their house slaw made to please... and they did!  The delicious blend of the BBQ pork and slaw was mind-blowing.  The Bacon and Jalapeno Mac & Cheese was pure love - an orgasm in your mouth; sporting multiple cheeses, a touch of jalapenos and flavorful pieces of bacon.  The size of the BBQ Chicken was astounding; hickory smoked and full of tasty, juicy pleasure!  Lastly was the big daddy of 'em all... the FULL Rack of St. Louis Ribs.  Shoot me now; because life will never be the same after eating these.  Thick-cut and dry rubbed, then smoked for over eight hours with hickory - these babies were lightly charred on the outside but tender and juicy within.  The meat simply fell off the bone, the seasoning was beyond words and the ginger BBQ was yet again the lead in an incomparable taste bud tango - top ten ribs in Food Hound history!
We were SO incredibly stuffed that we could not bear to eat anymore... until we realized that they had the golden chalet of all desserts!!!  The Bacon Brownie.  Oh damn... sweet and smoky blend of the moist and chewy warm chocolate with the real crisp bacon left me speechless.   WIN on all levels!  Our experience at Squeal was amazing and I would highly recommend them for an unforgettable dining experience.The nachos are delicious!  I ordered the full plate consisting of BBQ pulled pork, black beans, fresh jalapenos, cheddar cheese and all the fixings- BBQ sauce, sour cream and fresh salsa on the side.  They have a full and half size but we opted for the larger size- thinking we could handle it.  The waiter warned us to order the half plate but we declined.  The plate was the size of a large pizza and was only $13.  The chips were house made and quite good.  My date ordered a two meat plate: 1/2 BBQ chicken, BBQ brisket and two sides- corn and cheese grits and coleslaw.  We were very happy.  The place seems to be family run.  We believe a father and two sons run the place- which made us feel that we were being taken care of by some warm Chalmette down-the-road sort of family.  The father made a few visits to our table with a couple of one liners about his sons- not the boring / traditional manager table greet asking "How is everything?   Is there anything else that we can get for you?" He met us with warm quirky comments about his son (who waited on us.)  The BBQ chicken was tender.  The brisket was lean and dressed well with their tangy BBQ sauce.  Cheese and corn grits were delicious.  Good hushpuppies and average (but tasty) coleslaw!  We were very happy in our dining choice!First time at Squeal and probably will not be going back. 
Ordered their award winning habanero pork belly po boy. There was not a lot of meat, the meat that was on the sandwich was half fat, over cooked, and tough, and there wasn't enough of the habanero sauce, which was disappointing because it was pretty tasty and actually gave the sandwich some flavor. Three members of our party of four ordered this sandwich and all were disappointed. 
Note: it's not actually a po boy. It's served on French bread but has the dimensions of a hamburger bun. If I'm going to pay 13 dollars for a "po boy," that mother better be loaded with meat and be easily made into two meals. Then add in tax and tip and the value drops even lower. 
For my side I got the corn maque choux, which was good. The boudin ball appetizer was pretty tasty, too. 
Other details:
- Despite 3/4 of our table ordering the same thing, one po boy came out 5-10 minutes before the other two. 
- The waiter was generally friendly but complained about our party, two couples, wanting to split the check by two plates each rather than right down the middle. Dude, there is no one else in the restaurant. Just take care of it without the extra remark. 
- Some of the artwork is nice, but some of it is a bit odd. The singing guitarist looks like he's on his deathbed and his face is melting off, a la Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. 
Take it for what it's worth, but I was sad to have this experience at Squeal, because I was really hoping it would blow me away. Sadly for Squeal, better barbecue, better po boys, and better value for both can easily be found in this city.Would have received 3 stars, but I got sick and threw up so I am concerned about their food prep. They didn't remove the fat  or overbooked ends for the pulled pork, the baked beans were served cold and although I had thought there was potential, there was a lack of good quality control in food prep. Stay away or go to the Joint for BBQ.I went to Squeal for some BBQ this weekend and was so pleasantly surprised. I had sampled some good stuff from them during the Po'Boy Festival, but I had heard some not so glowing reviews since. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese and baked beans. I went to college in North Cackalacky and therefore do not take BBQ lightly. I hardly ever order pulled pork outside of North Carolina. The game changer for me was when I saw that my sandwich would come on French bread from Dong Phoung's bakery. Game. Set. Match. I had to try it. 
After putting in our order, I was told that the kitchen had burnt the beans (of course I sang the Jefferson's theme song for the next half hour- "fish don't fry in the kitchen, beans don't burn on the grill..") and the waiter asked if I would like another side. I said fries would be fine and he went back to change my order. Then the manager came out to again apologize for the bean incident and asked if I had tried their black beans. I had not, and so he brought me a side of those as well. So when our meals arrived, we had a table full of food. Everything was delicious. The BBQ was not the best I've ever had, but it had a nice smokiness to it and the combination of sauce and coleslaw (with a little bit of horseradish?) helped it along. Of course the bread was phenomenal. The mac and cheese was quite tasty with bacon and some spice to it. The black beans had a nice bit of spice to them and the fries were a little soggy but still pretty good. The bill was very reasonable for all the food we had on the table and took home that night. This place is a good option in a city not known for its BBQ.Based on Yelp! reviews and coverage on Food Network last week (Food Buddah, I think), I took the family there Saturday.  
Overall good chow, not a standard BBQ menu, as Squeal is BBQ a bit dressed up.  I got the BBQ Shepards pie and it was great.  Wife got the pork sandwhich, I found the meat way too mushy/wet.  The sausage was actually about a half dozen thin slices of link sausage.  While yummy, I'd prefer a whole link.  
The jalapeno hush puppies were excellent.  Everything there was a bit spicy so my kids didn't dig it too much, which meant I got to eat their food.
The place has what looks to be a fantastic bar which I'll hit soon enough.  I'd rate it 3.5 stars but will err on the high side.My dad and I were walking around Oak street and we didn't really know where to go for lunch. Then we smelled Squeal. 
I'm really glad we stumbled in. We had pretty good service, everyone there was very friendly to us (in all our touristy glory). I ordered the pulled pork over grits and it was godly. My dad got a pulled pork po'boy and greens as his side. The greens, from my tasting, were really good. Good meal.The food is really good, the service is hit or miss. We;ve gotten great service and terrible service. I gave it one less star than i would have liked to because they recently raised their prices.We ended up in the area for another restaurant that had a 2 hour wait so we decided to explore. The smell of barbeque drifted down the block beckoning us. It was also busy but that had room to seat the 6 of us. We ordered a mix of ribs, pork, chicken and their "pie". Several people tried the strawberry hinted ale with another having an American Porter with the balance having ice tea, diet coke and water.
The food took a rather long time to appear. The manager apologized (unprompted) and offered to buy a round of drinks as we waited. Ultimately 5 of the 6 dinners were delivered...unfortunately...they forgot one order. They ended up putting it in a box to go and not charging us.
However, there was so much food that we fed the 6th person. As for the quality is was very good. Several people in the group consider themselves barbeque afficianados and gave it their blessing. The meat fell off the bones, had excellent flavor and was moist.
Would we do it again? yes.Squeal has excellent ribs and amazing pulled pork tacos. Also enjoy the brisket and green onion sausage and love the cole slaw with horseradish added. I've had BBQ all over the U.S., and Squeal is very good. I highly recommend giving it a try, despite folks' mixed reviews. That reviewer B.F. who said, tacos were small (they are normal size) and "there is something spicy on the tacos..." obviously didn't read the menu where it said in plain English they come with chipotle sauce. I love the spice, but obviously you can ask for it without. Just go! I will say they could improve their ambience. It's blah.I generally think their food is very good. I used to live close by and would get excited when I smelled the smoker. As far as the restaurant goes, they often seem incompetent. 
The service is always polite. They are friendly and offer menu suggestions. 
The weird thing is how they seem to always be understaffed or out of something when I go. I don't mean ribs or burnt ends - those are supposed to run out at BBQ places. They have specialty drinks that they run out of. I ordered a drink with jalapeño infused something or other. It was delicious and spicy, but the next time they couldn't offer it to me. It's still on the menu. I've even been there when they've run out of Abita. One time I got carded twice - by the bartender and again by the manager. I am 25 and have a baby face, but come on! I was actually pretty offended. 
Each of the maybe 8 times I've been, something very specific has gone wrong. Their many apologies just isn't worth a less than mediocre experience. I am definitively giving up on this place.Service A-, atmosphere Solid A, Gumbo A, hushpuppies B, Squeal Pie C-. My friend ordered ribs and side items that were all ok, but nothing to get excited about. I might go back and just hope that on my first visit I chose the duds on the menu.  Get the gumbo, pass on the Squeal Pie. It has nothing to it other than heat from the andouille mashed potatoes. When I separated some of the pulled pork out by itself it tasted ok.  With the great service and atmosphere this place would be killer if they just kicked up their menu and gave items some true stand on their own flavor.The best BBQ ribs in NOLA you cant beat the dry rub with the sauce on these tender fall off the bone ribs. Two things they need to work on are the sides and the help. They need to find better side orders to go with the bbq. The waiters leave much to be desired, they need to hire some of the college women in the area. The main thing though is the meat and it is great. The Joint has nothing on this place.This is difficult...This place was so hot/cold with every aspect. At times our server was courteous and kind, then suddenly she wouldn't even look at us and was so distracted she spilled my drink all over the table. 
The appetizer (squeal nachos) came out FAST! Dinner(squeal pie&pork grits)...took close to an hour. We watched as everyone else seated after us was served promptly (only 3 couples that night including us). It just seems lazy..
The food was good but not as spectacular as all my friends and co-workers hyped it up to be. I strongly believe this place, like many others, suffers from signature NOLA inconsistency. I might go back and give it a second chance if someone is willing to pay for my meal.I have been going to Squeal for a few years now...and they never disappoint. My favorite are EGG ROLLS!!!! Ahhh...so delicious...I'm going to be that person and point out that I have lived in Memphis and Kansas City, so I now have enough of an ego to say that I have experienced the best of the best when it comes to BBQ.
Squeal was a reminder that I'm not in KC anymore. Don't get me wrong, it's not bad. I love that they've added a little New Orleans twist to the menu with things like boudin balls, corn maque choux, bread pudding and their poboy style green onion sausage sandwich. 
That sandwich was wonderful. The sides were a little lackluster when it came to flavor. But I'll definitely be going back again for those black eyed pea eggrolls. They remind me of my mom's black eyed peas with bacon, but in a eggroll. It was heaven.I've been here twice.  The first time I dropped in for some pork tacos and they were OUTSTANDING!  I came back a week later to get some ribs and nachos.  The story was magnetically opposite.  Not good!  Perhaps an off day.  We had good service the first time and inadequate service the second time.  We'll put the rating at 3 stars and try again sometime.I am not that much of a bbq person. And there are not that many bbq places in nola (at least not that I've come across). Between this place and the other notable bbq place people have heard about (voodoo bbq) I would try this. The nachos are pretty good...ginormous proportions.They are not my favorite BBQ place in town, but they're definitely my favorite late-night BBQ place in town!.  The pork belly tacos with papaya are delicious, and I ate the slow-cooked duck (about half a duck) for $9.  It was truly delicious and a steal, and helped my wasted friends sober up a little.  Thanks for putting up with us!This place was our compromise as Jacques-Imo's had a long, outdoor wait and it was raining.
It looks pretty good on the surface: nice house-like building in a nice neighborhood with a smoker chugging away out front. Inside looks clean and inviting too.
Our server recommended the pork cakes as apps and we went for them. They turned out to be the best part of the meal. I had the ribs and my buddy had the chicken sandwich.
The ribs turned out fine. Just fine. The meat didn't fall off the bone as easily as you would expect it at a dedicated BBQ joint and the sauce was simply uninspired. Like something you could buy at a grocery store.
My buddy's chicken sandwich was good except for the fact that the chicken parts in it still had bones. I understand that if you order chicken at a BBQ place, you're probably going to work around some bones, but bones in a sandwich??? I've never heard of that as being acceptable.
The place isn't bad, but it just falls short of expectations for a dedicated cuisine in city known for food culture.I wasn't a fan of Squeal. Nothing was spectaucular. I wish The Joint wasn't closed and we'd gone there instead. I thought this would be a good alterntive for some good BBQ, but I was unimpressed with the food, as were the 4 other people I was with.
My biggest complaint was the house BBQ sauce - it just wasn't good! I felt like it was missing something - needed to be a bit sweeter in my opnion, less vinegary. I think I would have enjoyed my food a lot more had the sauce been better!
My sister's fish tacos were absolutely horrendous, but then again, who orders fish tacos at a BBQ joint? The salmon fish sticks were cold and probably the fishiest tasting fish tacos I've ever experienced. Fried salmon fish tacos - ew!
They were out of brisket for the smoked 2 meat combo. The chicken we chose instead was the best thing on the table that night! So glad that came out or I would have left dinner starving, as I'd barely touched my ribs, which were so-so. The ribs were fal-off-the-bone, but the flavor of the meat itself was not that good. I felt that they looked a lot better than they tasted.
Collard greens were the best of the sides and the black bean spring rolls were pretty good too in a spicy, fried/fattening way. The hush puppies were undercooked and the coleslaw wasn't amazing. The mac n cheese was interesting an consisted of a melty white chedder with shells, but no one seemed to love it.
Overall, I think it may have just been an off night, but I would probably skip Squeal next time I'm looking for BBQ uptown based on my experience.Warning: Groupons not accepted! The food is great. The service is not. Came here with a Groupon, the waitress knew about it when we sat down, and she waited until the end of our meal to tell us she refused to accept it. No explanation. No manager around to speak with. Why participate in Groupon if you dont accept them? With all the great restaurants in NOLA, why ruin your night hereI really want to like this place because of the really nice staff and cool artwork displayed around the restaurant, but the food just isn't that good.
The pulled pork and ribs are really tasty and full of that nice smoky flavor I love, but not particularly tender.  When I can easily replicate a BBQ joint's level of tenderness at home, what's the point of going out?  
The brisket is an absolute no-go for me.  Sorry, guys...just awful.
I will say, that mac and cheese is fantastic.  That awesome spicy kick and wonderful bacon ratcheting up the flavor is just perfect.
I like what they're doing and how excited they are about it, but when I want good BBQ, I'm heading to the Bywater.Not one problem with this place. Pork and sausage is great. Favorite sides are corn and cheese grits and Mac n cheese. Prices are fair. Nice historical house setting. Nice bar area and good size dining area. Highly recommend this place.We had a group of 6 people here for lunch. We ordered lots of different appetizers and entree items and shared so we could each sample a bit of most everything offered. We were all very pleased. Ok, honestly, we were blown away with every entree and every side dish. I don't have time to record every delicious detail here as we were still celebrating at Mardi Gras, but this was easily the best meal yet. The sauce was incredible. Their special cocktails were delicious. Our server, Peggy, was so personable I wish she could be cloned to be at all restaurants we dine at. Wonderful person!
We noticed lots of locals coming in for lunch (this was a weekday) and loving the food. The owner, Gene, was friendly and in command of his restaurant, moving from kitchen to dining room to patio to oversee the food and service, speaking with the guests and answering questions about the food.
There aren't many restaurants I'd recommend so highly. Our group had one of our best meals ever in New Orleans.While sitting at The Maple Leaf, we felt a grumble in our tums and asked the waitress where we could find some grub.  She directed us to Squeal, and I'm glad we heeded her advice.  We grabbed some DBLT Tacos and they were so super delicious.  My only regret is that we didn't go back for more.  We ordered the tacos to-go  at the bar but it took *forever*- seriously about 30 minutes to get one order of tacos.  However, the bartender was super nice, chatted with us, and even hooked us up with a free beer since the order was taking so long.  Anyway, I hope this place stays open because I'd love to get a full meal here on our next visit.Foolishly, we walked by this place half a dozen times before sitting down for our dinner.  The fates definitely guided us here. When we finally walked through the door, the staff informed us that the kitchen had closed 20 min prior. But the manager took pity on us and told us to have a seat. 
Husband had a beer and I asked the manager to make me some kind of cocktail... What he delivered was some sort of delicious jalapeño-cilantro mojito-ish drink that was not too sweet and had a little kick. 
To start, we had the BBQ duck with some sort of ginger deliciousness.  Very good.  For dinner, I had the fish tacos... again, very nicely done. Husband had something called Squeal Pie... which sounds crude (a little), but was the quintessential comfort food... a pulled pork BBQ version of shepherd's pie.  I stole more than a few forkfuls. 
Dessert was pineapple bread pudding a la mode. More comfort food. 
I'm very glad we ended up here. Great hospitality. Delicious food. We're fat-n-happy!It was good to relax after a long day of walking around New Orleans here. The temperature was conducive to their outdoor seating, so we obliged.
I ordered a glass of water and pork tacos. The rib tacos were pretty good, but the tortilla was slightly burned. Also, the BBQ sauce wasn't anything to rave about. Their macaroni and cheese with jalapenos and bacon was pretty good; the jalapenos really helped the macaroni and cheese; the bacon didn't do much to be honest. One thing that wasn't cool was my water running out a couple times.
Their prices are also very reasonable. We were originally going to eat at Jacques Imos, but their atmosphere was mediocre and their prices outrageous.
So, if I'm in this part of town and want some BBQ, I'll probably stop by.My boyfriend & I live in Brooklyn & are visiting New Orleans for a week. We went to Squeal for lunch today & the experience was wonderful. The guy in charge of the kitchen came out & introduced himself to us & was sweet as can be, even checking on us a second & third time throughout our meal. Our waiter was just as friendly & attentive. The ribs were phenomenal, melted right in our mouths, along with the brisket sandwich which, as my boyfriend put it, was like eating a soft roll with no indication of there being meat between the buns-it was that soft & tender & just damn GOOD. Collards greens were ace & the perfect sweet/sour/amazing taste that they should be. Killer grits that cured my hangover immediately. It's just so awesome to be sitting down looking at the meat being slow-cooked in a huge smoker that you know just goes on forever & ever & ever. Really, truly, just kick ass food. I'd eat it every day if I could.My fiance ordered food to go from Squeal while I was at a doctor's appointment. He was told there would be a 20+ minute wait to dine in, thus ordering to go so he could get to work on time. Fast forward 15 minutes and upon walking in there was only one table seated outside and no one else. So why the initial wait time? Paid over $30 for two barbecued duck leg entrees, which are supposedly served on a bed of papaya slaw. Perhaps we should have asked what size the bed was because even Goldilocks would have been dissatisfied by the paltry three bites of slaw hiding under the overcooked duck legs. For $14 a serving you get to chew on duck jerky and only half fill your belly. On the plus side, the two bites of duck that were just right, but I certainly will not be ordering that dish again, and I'm likely not to return to this restaurant at all.I'm a Texas girl and the bbq here is pretty darn good. We started off with their signature cocktails. I had the Glazed Ham which is made with their house bacon and infused with vodka. Interesting but a little too sweet for my taste. My boyfriend had the ever-delicious Gardener that has muddled jalapenos, tequila, fresh lemon juice and cilantro. This drink was really, really good!
We ordered the jalapeno corn hush puppy appetizer not realizing that hush puppies came with our entrees. They were a little overcooked for my taste and the honey butter was ok. I ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich with potato salad and corn maque choux. The pistolette bread was huge and there was a ton of meat in the sandwich, I actually only ate half. The flavor of the meat and the sauce was delicious. We also ordered the Squeal Pie which was very cheesy and good but we were expecting some kind of bread crust. We obviously didn't pay attention to the menu very well.
Overall, we enjoyed our experience and we will go back and try some of the other items but definitely get the Gardener cocktail again!My friends had their rehearsal dinner at Squeal. They served us buffet style, and the food was INCREDIBLE. The staff were also very accommodating to the large party. I can't wait to visit New Orleans again and go back to Squeal!I got their 1/2 lb. "squeal" burger, which is half beef half sausage.  It was extremely salty (and I'm a guy that likes salt), but OK.  The corn maque choux tasted like it came from a can, and the potato salad was average.  For $10 it wasn't too bad, but I probably won't return.  If I want good, cheap BBQ I will head to Ms. Hyster's and if I want a fancy sandwich I'll hit up Cochon Butcher.First trip to New Orleans, and some of the best BBQ we have ever eaten.  Ribs huge, flavorful, meaty and the sauce awesome.  Staff was friendly, attentive, owner couldn't have gone out of his way to be more helpful and friendly.  Collard greens, ribs, grits and bread pudding are must-haves.  We would recommend this quirky place to everyone who enjoys good BBQ, atmosphere and staff.   We are from Northern California and haven't found good BBQ here, nothing that compares to Squeal.  Take the trolley, enjoy the ride and scenary, short walk to Squeal. make sure you are hungry and thirsty.Squeal is a very good BBQ joint uptown.  Caution: The portions are huge, so come with a big appetite. We ordered a number of appetizers: hush puppies, boudin balls and the Squeal Nachos. I really enjoyed my pulled pork entree. It was cooked perfectly and served with a great sauce. Many of my dining companions opted for the ribs, and I heard nothing but good things from them.
One thing that really impressed me about Squeal was the service we received. We dined the Saturday before Mardi Gras with 9 adults and four kids in our party, yet they were able to pull together a big table for us in about 20 minutes. The server was fantastic, as was all the staff that helped out with our large party. I think it's tough to make 13 people happy at once, yet they succeeded, all while the restaurant was packed. 
I can't wait to go back. I still have to try the Squeal Pie!Delish. Creative menu and fun atmosphere. The smoker out front made me miss San Antonio. I had the pork grillaides - using pulled pork instead of pork chop, this was a welcome twist. The sweetness of the pulled BBQ pork melted well with the buttery grits. Combine both into each bite for best results.  My meat-loving Texas boy approved of the brisket and sausage and he adored the greens!This is my 2nd trip to Squeal.  My 1st was just after it opened and I was not exactly pleased.  Figured given all the love on Yelp, I owed them another chance.
Went for lunch (by myself...) and sat at the bar.  Had a good time watching Olympic curling on TV with the bartender and a retired lady who lives down the street and eats at Squeal every day.  
Draft beer is $4 - not a bargain, but not outrageous.  It is bothersome to me though when restaurants don't list their drink prices on the menu.  NOLA Blonde on tap makes up for it though.
Bartender recommended the ribs or the pulled pork, so I went with half of his recommendation.  Ordered the pulled pork and brisket plate with greens and corn grits.  I'm a brisket man, being from Texas, and I have very exacting standards for my brisket.  It shouldn't be excessively fatty or dry.  It should be tender and flavorful.  
The meat:
When the plate came out, I knew I had made a poor choice on the brisket.  It was dry, tough, and mostly flavorless.  Boo.  The pulled pork, however, was delicious.  Among the best pulled porks I've ever had!  Again - not too greasy.  Just right.  Sauce application was sorta skimpy and there was no sauce on the table, but the amount turned out to be perfectly adequate, given the deliciousness of the pork.
The sides:
The lady next to me laughed when I ordered the corn "grits."  Grits for lunch?  Well, they're not really grits.  Its a corn-based spoon bread.  Just like the corn pudding at Voodoo BBQ.  It was good, but nothing too memorable.  The greens, however, were EXCELLENT.  I love greens and these were top notch.  Slightly sweet with a great meaty, smoky flavor.  Not sure what meat they add while the greens are cooking, but it makes them so delicious.
On Fridays and Saturdays, Squeal is open really late.  I forget the time, but its well after most places are closed.  I think its easily the best option for late night weekend dining in the area.  Mmm.Used to be really delish, now a joke. Sad, maybe they can get their act together and actually give a shit about their food and their wait staff.I must say that was some of the best bbq ribs i have ever had. When u pull up u can still smell the smoker out front. The white beans and greens are great. This is going to be my place i bring out of towners! great menuI really wanted to like this place, so I've been three times. Big let-down. Let me say, that I was born in Memphis, so I expect a LOT from my bar-b-que. The food is so-so, but that's not the real issue. The place is one big yawn. Each time, though not many people were there, the service was horrible, and we are the easiest people in the world to serve. The staff seems to hate everyone. Also, it's VERY hot inside. The artwork is just awful and creepy, especially when they could feature some really cool artists, from the neighborhood. We gave it a heartfelt try, but won't be going back.I had dinner for the second time in two months at Squeal.  I am now putting this Resturant into my weekly dinning routine.
Tonight I had the pork shank with collard greens and cheese grits.  By far the most succulent pork I have ever had!!  The collard greens made me smile even bigger!
There is no other Resturant in the city that has given me such a wonderful, flavorful dinning experience.  
Some places that I have been to make me wonder why all the fuss?  Squeal sends you home feeling not only satisfied about a wholesome meal but also happy that you made the best choice to eat there.I wish that I could give this funky, eclectic BBQ spot a better review.  It's definitely fun, cool and the staff is very friendly.  However, the service is awful. We had a group of 8 on a Friday night, but they were not particularly busy, tables were about half occupied.  
We ordered several appetizers and all came out at different times, totally forgivable, since they were only 5 minutes or so apart. However, when the entrees started to arrive 5 in our group got their food, then about 10 min later 2 of the others food arrived, then I waited....and waited...And waited.  We ordered a couple of beers, the server totally forgot about them we had to remind her.  (Just have to walk around the corner of the room and pull them out of the cooler)
Still waiting about 30 minutes later my side dish was delivered (corn macque choux which was canned corn with what seemed like some pre mix roux added). I didn't even eat it.  Eventually they bring out my 2 tacos and everyone at the table is done eating. I just told them to put them in a box I wasn't going to start eating after everyone was done!Not so much a fan of here anymore after the last meal we had there. We had been here once before about three years ago. It was pretty good that time. This recent visit was very mediocre.
The location is good but parking was difficult. The cars definitely were not lined up for here though! There were only about two other couples in the dining room during a peak dinner rush. That should have been a sign to us right there.
We got the Boudin Balls to start with. They were kind of odd. We were starving though and ate them anyway.
I ordered the two meat special with the brisket and pork. I got the jalapeno mac n' cheese and corn maque choux as my sides. My boyfriend go the half rack of short ribs with the fries and corn maque choux for his sides. My brisket was terribly fatty. The little bit of meat it had was alright. The pork was on the dry side. The ribs were dry as well. The sides were all equally unimpressive.Just moved to New Orleans a few weeks ago and drove by this place a few times.  The smell of the BBQ meat cooking in the stoker in front of the restaurant is just awesome and really drew me in.
I wasn't sure which to try, the briskett or the ribs on my first time here, so I asked the waiter and he suggested the ribs even though they were sold out of briskett that day.  I have to say it was so tender and soooooo good!
I was also scarred as a child - forced to eat grits.  Uggg!  But I read on here from the other reviews that the cheese & corn grits at Squeal were great, so I decided to be brave and try them.  I was amazed, well done grits like these actually were awesome!
The environment is very eclectic too, local artists' work line the walls and the tables are painted with artwork too.  Its very clean and even the owner (at least I think that's who it was) helps out with cooking and serving the food.  The wait staff is kind and attentive and overall I'd recommend Squeal as a great BBQ joint in Uptown New Orleans.Basically equal to Applebee's BBQ and sides are tasteless no seasoning at all best BBQ is the BBQ king on Milton and Elysian Fields on the side of the Whitney bank ad haf the price!  I travel twice a week 15 miles to get my fix on .Went here the other night for dinner and even though I had very low expectations, I walked away disappointed. If this place wasnt new and/or on Oak Street I dont see how it would be in business. 
The most disappointing thing about Squel was the horrible service. It took our table 20 minutes to get a waiter over to order, 15 minutes from then to get our drinks, and over 30 minutes from that point to get our food. In other words, it took over an hour from the time we sat down to get our food. 
I ordered the Squeal Pie which was a mixture of a multitude of sides and meat piled into a bowl covered with cheese. It was far from delicious and in a blind taste test I probably would have preferred KFC's Mash Bowl. 
Food: C-
Service: D-
Decor: B-
Overall: D+It appears from other reviews that the service can be a bit hit or miss here.  However when we came in with a group of 8, it was definitely a hit.  They sat us relatively quickly, beers came out on the fly, and the food arrive quickly and was delicious.  Pork belly taco OMFG!  Had 3, like the little piggy that I am.I ate at Squeal last weekend in order to continue my quest for the best bbq in Nola. I'll admit that I went there on Friday, and then went back for a second round on Sunday, but mainly because nothing is open on Sundays in Nola and I had a coupon. Yes, I clip coupons. However, I'm glad I did go back, otherwise I wouldn't have tried the cheese corn grits and collard greens...both amazing.
The second trip also yielded the discovery that they have Bear Republic Racer 5 and Lazy Magnolia Southern Pecan......on tap!
Their cole slaw is, as my friend Eric calls it, "commoditized slaw," but their other sides are scrumptious, namely, exquisitely smoky corn maque choux and baked beans. And, to sweeten the deal, three hush puppies with every entrée!
The one thing that Squeal is lacking, as my co-worker Frank was quick to point out, is a whole lotta smoke. I'm of the opinion that a bbq place should be so smoky that it's hard to breathe and your clothes should reek for the rest of the day. Maybe they'll get the hint and open the door to the kitchen.
For more from me on Nola cuisine, visit http://eatdrinknola.blogspot.comcool lil restaurant and it smells great before you walk in. the pork tacos are damn good. my mother and i both approve as we have silent evaluations before we give grades. they also had black eye pead rolls. those were damn good too. cannot give it 5 because i didn't have any of the main dishes and i doubt i give it a 5 because I've been to the pinnacle of bbq at Charles Vergo's Rendezvous in Memphis, Tennessee. but if you are hurtin for a bbq squirtin in nola - this might be the best place. need to try Boo Koo BBQ as wellI dont know why The Joint is rated so much higher than Squeal. As far as the pork and pork alone goes Squeal has the best pulled pork in the city bar none. The pits out front tell the story. They get a knock because they don't offer great sides outside of the greens and slaw but the meat can't be beat.I'm a fan even if the sauce wasn't evenly distributed on the pulled pork. That is the ONLY reason this didn't get 5. The appetizers of black-eyed pea eggrolls and the jalapeno hushpuppies*  were delicious! The pulled pork was great, but I ran into two dry patches. The pork belly Bahn-Mi* was taste bud heaven.The service was OUTSTANDING, Peggy and the gal who ran our food were very attentive and we really enjoyed our lunch!
*Footnote, these were specials
**Am I a complete geek for adding footnotes?Ok I'll give it a 4 star review only b/c I think our meat was over smoked. They were about to close and they were nice enough to stay open. The bartender hooked me up with a really strong beer, that's a plus. And the cheese fried were how do you say....DA BOMB!! I shared a mixed plate of brisket and pulled pork with someone and it was enough food for 3 people. However, we're 2 fat f@*ks and it was just right. I don't like my bbq that smokey but it was solid meat and great beer selection. 
It's a pretty cool place with the smoker right outside and its actually cooking your meat. mmm meat.I went at about 12pm on a Saturday. They were not busy at all. I was the only one in the bar area. The service was good. The staff were all very friendly. The iced tea had that rancid "dirty tea machine" taste, although just slight. The pulled pork tacos were ok, nothing special. The corn tortillas are smaller than normal 4-5" (maybe) and they did not seem to be homemade. Something on the tacos was spicy. I think there is horseradish in the coleslaw on top of the tacos which made it spicy. There was one big piece of fat/grizzle mixed in one of my tacos. I ordered a side of the cheese corn grits, which was good. I was offered an iced tea refill in a go cup, which I always appreciate. The server did tell me in advance that they didn't have lids for their go cups, and apologized for it being a Bud Light beer cup. There is bar seating and outdoor tables. Only street parking available.Others seem to have liked it better, but I wasn't very impressed with Squeal. The service was good, but the food was mediocre. The brisket was especially poor, and the sides just weren't up to snuff. I only went there once a while ago so they may have improved, but I expected much better.I had the best duck ever, tonight.  BBQ  duck ginger  habanero, on ginger slaw  all I can say is OMG wow. Perfect flavor texture, moist, tasty, crispy skin, could not be better.
Coming back for more.  Also the staff are a lovely bunch of people,OMG!  Everything was fantastic!  There is so much on the menu that I wanted to try, it was difficult to decide what I wanted.  Service was fantastic, and you should really leave room for the bacon brownie.   I'll be going back!Not impressed with Squeal at all. Had the St. Louis ribs was very disappointed, very boring. As others had mentioned the taste was sour but that is ok if you like East Carolina style BBQ. Service was slow and the bathroom was dirty. I would not recommend Squeal at all.The food was pretty good BBQ. The service is a joke. My dad wanted to split a half rack of ribs, but I did not want to get shorted on sides so we asked how much extra sides were. They were like 3.29 so it made sense to me to consider getting a $9-10 entree that came with two sides rather than ordering extra sides to share an entree, so I asked the waiter to get the first entree and two sides now and give us a minute to consider adding another entree or sides. Well, the waiter said he would just throw in an extra side, which was nice. The problem, they never brought the extra side, just pretended it did not exist. They also never brought an extra plate. They missed another item someone else at the table ordered, and did not come around to refill our drinks or check on us. The bartender was waiting other tables and it seemed like people from the kitchen were waiting tables. This place has pretty good BBQ, not amazing but good, but it just seems like they should have you order at a counter and pick up your plates and stuff from a stand if they are not going to offer timely waiter service. Instead they make you do everything through a waiter but they staff like a place that would just do counter service.This place held high expectations for me from reading their reviews here on yelp. I was thoroughly disappointed. The only reason why I gave it 2 stars was because the BBQ shrimp and boudin balls were appeasing. Those were our appetizers. 
For our entree, I ordered to pulled pork and brisket with the bacon & jalapeños mac & cheese and corn cheese grits as my side. The brisket was dry and tough. It was no different from chewing gum. On the pulled pork, all I tasted was the BBQ sauce, which was a tad overwhelming. 
For his entree, he ordered the St Louis ribs. I didn't try it but if he only ate one rib then I guess it wasn't all that great. 
Maybe it was just me being picky, but I did not enjoy it as I would have liked. Will not be returning. Sorry.If you're NOLA and want excellent food in a seriously relaxed atmosphere, Squeal is your place.  The music is cool, the restaurant is laid back (we sat inside), and the waiters are sweet and attentive though not over-bearing.  The food is spectacular in both presentation and taste.  The tacos are great for those who don't want to be over-full as they aren't huge (the sandwiches and most other entrées are, as others have pointed out) and don't come with sides. They are three, small soft corn tortillas. The jerk chicken tacos were well-seasoned with a slice of pickled carrot that was not just a garnish, it added a welcome bit of crispness.  
We also ordered the black eyed pea egg rolls for an app, which were delicious and didn't really need the dipping sauce, as well as the bacon brownie with homemade blueberry ice cream. The brownie was fine, but I would buy the heck out of that ice cream if they sold it by the pint.  My dining partner ordered the pulled pork sandwich with greens and grits on the side. Thumbs up all around!We visited Squeal on our way back home to Texas. While we were there, we were told that the Discovery Channel had just finished filming them that afternoon as being one of the top 10 BBQ joints in the United States. Sadly to say, I think the Discovery Channel got it wrong. We ordered two full rack of ribs and they came out charred, dry and the barbeque sauce was very sour. The full rack comes with two sides and the menu states that the serving was enough for 2-3 people. I disagree. The sides were two tiny little servings and we had to order an extra sides. We ordered the corn, mac and cheese and beans. All were lack luster and I was disappointed. The saving grace for Squeal were their DBLT tacos. Although the bacon was the most prominent flavor and I was searching for the duck, it was really great with the fresh tomatoes and lettuce. The serving size is also on the smaller side. I really didn't want to share my tacos but did anyways. 
The dining room is quite small. We showed up with 12 people and was told we had to wait at least 30 minutes for a table. We insisted that they did not have to put us all together at one table - we were paying with separate checks - but they wouldn't budge and charged us a 18% tip for a large table. The waiters were accommodating and were very nice and on top of things. However, they were very laid back and didn't any speed but slow.My wife and I recently decided to try out this restaurant since we pass by it a lot on Oak St. I'm a big fan of BBQ in New Orleans and love a good pulled pork sandwich with all the fixins. However, this place really disappointed me from the service to the food. When we walked in, there was no one to greet us or tell us to either wait or seat ourselves. It wasn't until we walked into the dining area that someone said we could just have a seat anywhere we liked. After sitting down, I ended up fixing the wobbly table by stuffing sugar packets under it. Our drinks had the faint taste of chlorine and the appetizer of hush puppies (which took a good 20 minutes to arrive) were mediocre at best. I was also told that the french fries that I wanted to order with my meal did not come out very well so I would have to choose a different side item. However, I began to see other fresh entrees come out WITH french fries. When our entrees finally did arrive, mine had completely different sides than what I asked for. Not to mention the fact that both my wife's silverware and my own silverware had dried morsels of food stuck to them. The food was decent but nothing to rave about. Probably the best thing was my wife's entree, the Squeal Pie. 
Overall, the experience was atrocious. I will not be going back there at all and strongly encourage my friends to do the same. For a restaurant on Oak St and next to Jacques Imos, you would think one would step it up a notch to bring in business instead of pushing it away. Horrible.Brisket tacos were Awesome! Wish I could go back just for the sides.  Had corn cheaux, mac and cheese, and greens.  The greens were a little sweet- I prefer mine salty.  I thought the barbeque sauce was delicious!What's the disconnect here? A barbecue centric uptown New Orleans spot with a cool lot and huge smoker?  Good name? Good concept?
Bad barbecue and bad service.  Bad ambiance.   The pulled pork was watery.  The squeal pie was dull and weak.  The selection of sides was limited and poorly chosen.  The food took forever to come despite not being fresh at all.  Poor decor and annoying waiter.  I thought the chicken was the littlest bit of a saving grace...but not really.
Why can't you do it right? You don't need to sit at a table and order off a menu for this type of food anyways.  Streamline your business!  Let people order at a counter, get a number or something, and get their food, like most barbecue places.
Go to the joint, it's worth the drive.
Put some sauce on the table.  And in your food.  You've got to do better than this.This place is awesome. Stopped in on a Thursday during that weird time between lunch and dinner, so there weren't a lot of people there but we sat at the bar and had excellent service. The ribs are good, the pulled pork cakes are freaking amazing- and all of their sides are solid. 
Highly recommend.I hate to write a bad review, but I have to be honest. Went for the first (and probably only) time to Squeal last month. Went for lunch on a Sunday. There was almost nobody there, which I usually like because I like it quiet. The early 20's waitress took a long time to bring us our menus, and even longer to take our order. When the appetizers showed up (nachos and pork cakes), so did the flies. LARGE FLIES. They were everywhere, landing on our food, top rim and straws of our drinks, hands, etc. When we first asked to move to another table, she sort-of  "laughed" like we were kidding. When she didnt do anything, we moved ourselves. There were fewer flies where we moved, but there were still some. I had the ribs and I thought they were good, maybe a 6 out of 10. Before we left, the manager, or possibly an owner (?), came and apologized for the flies and said an exterminator was scheduled to be coming soon. Talking to him was the best part of the meal, because at least it seemed like he cared. I might try this place again down the road, but it will be awhile. Whenever I think about it, all I can think of were those awful flies.I tried this place for the first time this past weekend and overall it was very good. Their St Louis style ribs were excellent. I dare say, the best in New Orleans. They were the perfect combination of smoke, sweet, and spicy; yet the pork taste of the meat came through very flavorful. A lot of BBQ has such a strong smoke flavor that it masks the meat and you can't tell if you are eating beef or pork. But these guys have it totally figured out. 
The service was excellent and quick. The beans had a very good flavor and the beer was ice cold, including the glass. 
Their potato salad was so-so. Too much crunchy bell pepper and onion for me, and not enough of a potato flavor. But, that's my taste. 
I will definitely go back and try some other dishes.Food was very good, but the service was horrendous. We had to wait for longer than normal to order, and then our food took more than an hour to arrive after we ordered it, including a 30 or 40 minuted period when we never saw our waiter. Our waiter also did not seem particularly concerned with how long we had waited, and became defensive saying that he could not make the kitchen cook the food any more quickly. While we understood this, we would have appreciated at very least an update from him to let us know what was going on. Squeal was not exceptionally crowded when we were there, so I am not sure why everything took so long. There were also other tables that we saw wait a very long time for their food.We had a large group dine at Squeal. They were very accommodating for our group. We walked in and a table was quickly set for us.  All of the food was very tasty. Their ribs were full of flavor, but not soaked in BBQ sauce so you could actually taste the meat. The pork dishes were tasty too! I know it sounds weird, but the black eyed pea egg rolls are a must try for an appetizer! The corn grits are a must for a side dish! I could have just ordered sides and been completely satisfied. My only complaint was that they were out of a local Abita Beer that many of our guests wanted to order. All in all, Squeal is a nice place to dine and get good quality food at a reasonable price.Squealed with delight!  I give Squeal a solid 4.5 out of 5 stars.
I'm pretty jaded by numerous mediocre restaurant experiences these days, so I was pleasantly surprised by Squeal BBQ.  I visited with a party of 6 this past Saturday for lunch.  We were pleasantly and quickly greeted, seated, and provided beverages.  Our server (sorry, can't remember his name but he is an ATL guy) was extremely friendly and informative, and his recommendations were spot on.  Throughout the meal drinks were kept refilled and food was served in good time and completely accurate, including a few special order requests.  And about the food:
- Pulled Pork Cakes were absolutely delish with great plating...raves all around the table
- BBQ Shrimp we wonderfully delish and we mopped up every bit of the sauce with the french bread provided, but the shrimp were not as plentiful as I would have liked for the price.
- Pulled Pork nachos were about as expected and the only thing remarkable about them was the pulled pork...it was wonderfully seasoned
- Pulled pork sandwich...same as above
- Pulled pork tacos featured great presentation and were rated highly on taste, though were a bit spicier than expected
- The Grillades and Grits were also rated as delicious with a good serving size
- And about those grits...oh my lord, I wish I had that recipe.  I thought the roasted corn grits at Zea's were great...these are even better.  I'm sure they are full of unhealthy fatty ingredients, but the taste and texture blew me away
- Collard greens got rave reviews for their taste
- The fries, while a very good change from the usual, were a little greasier than I like and definitely were "home made"
- The baked beans received great reviews too for taste and texture
- The brisket sandwich was the only real disappointment...while not at all bad, it simply did not shine like the other items
- For dessert we all split a bacon-topped fudge brownie with a scoop of homemade (they really make it) cinnamon sour cream iced cream.  While it was good, it was a little small, though commensurate with the reasonable price.  I'm still warming up to having bacon paired with sweet items, but it generally received good reviews from around the table. 
- The sweet tea was perfect
My only complaint is really that the table we sat at was pretty rickety and I am surprised we did not spill any drinks due to it's constant movement.
My regret?  Not trying the ribs.  We left with full satisfied bellies and will definitely go back next time we are in town.  Thanks Squeal!I love Squeal. Great food, beer, and outdoor seatingI think the pulled pork was great.  However, the sides are bland and plain.  I had the bacon and jalapeno mac and cheese.  I was expecting a bold flavor with some spice.  I found it to be very bland and mealy.  The corn Mach Choux was plain.  $2.95 for an unsweet Ice Tea that was basically water with a little flavor is TERRIBLE!!!  Not sure if I would go back.  Surely will not pay 3 bucks for a drink without alcohol.My second time here.  I went almost two years and I couldn't remember why I hadn't returned.  But now I do!  
On the positive side, folks are friendly and there is a lot of bright, fun art.  We were in the mood for piles of meat and this definitely had that to offer.
We got the pork cakes and boudin balls for appetizers.  The pork cakes were tasty though a bit heavy.  Boudin balls were perfectly good without being memorable.
My girlfriend ordered a rack of ribs, collard greens, and grits.  I got the two meat deal with pulled pork and chicken (I wanted brisket but they were out!!!) and got maque choux and jalepeno mac & cheese.
The meats were all very tender but just had no real flavor and we didn't want to add the bbq sauce bc it was so vinegary.   This was all rather heartbreaking because it looked and smelled like it should be crazy good.
The maque choux was yummy but the jalepeno mac & cheese didn't really have any spice and the cheese sauce had a hint of grittiness to it that I found perplexing.  Their collards were very sweet which was unexpected and unwelcome.  The grits were fine.
The Joint in the Bywater is much, much tastier.Squeal used to be my favorite BBQ joint in the city. Now it is mediocre at best. They have taken an incredible amount of the menu off for lunch. My favorite sides where the smoked beans, and now they are not making them anymore, The greens that everyone craves like crack is no longer on the lunch menu. The barbecue pork, and the barbecued brisket, are still really good, but the menu is lacking severely.I wanted to like squeal much more than I did. Came at the beginning of dinner and was informed that the restaurant was out of salads, burgers, and fries. Our waitress seemed in a hurry for us to order/leave. Our appetizer was missing an accompaniment and it wasn't until we brought it up that we were told that the kitchen was still preparing it. Sort of odd to deliver an unfinished plate of food. I ordered pork grillades and I found the pork to be decent but not spectacular. The grits were inedible. They were bland and had the consistency of mud. I do want to point out that the manager observed that I hadn't touched my food and offered me something else from the menu. I declined, but the gesture earned the restaurant a second star. I can't recommend the restaurant but I appreciate that he tried to right a bad experience.Huge portions! Be prepared to eat! This place was recommended to us by the concier of our hotel and as our first BBQ in New Orleans...it was good! Good prices, good service, and good food! Beans are a must!The service was very friendly, the Squeal nachos were delicious, the brisket was inedible. It was horribly tough, way too thickly cut, and seriously oversmoked. It tasted like liquid smoke, not like meat. I had the corn grits and collard greens as sides, but something on the plate (never could figure out what) was so spicy that the flavor of the sides was totally wiped out.
This might be a good spot to sit at the bar, drink beer and eat nachos, but beware the entrees.
I might give it another shot, but for now my personal rule of never having brisket outside of Texas is reinstated. What a mistake.Highly recommend the pulled pork cakes appetizer. Coleslaw needed some attention, but the bacon & jalapeño mac n' cheese made up for it as far as sides go. Brisket was great, but needed more sauce in the brisket sandwich.I was on Oak St. in need of a REALLY quick bite to eat and Squeal was the first place I saw.  I smelled the BBQ cooking outside and my mouth started watering.   I was alone and told the waiter I was in a hurry; for which they were accommodating.  I ordered the pulled pork taco.  It was tasty and I would definitely return to Squeal to try more of the menu.This place is a great way to end an Oak Street walking tour, but have someone pull the car around for you afterward. Their take on shepherd's pie is ridiculous. I have trouble ordering anything else. As a semipro BBQ chef, I can definitely appreciate some great smoked meats. Trust me, I'm a barbequeologist!I've been meaning to try this place since I first smelled it during PoBoy Fest. But sadly, we'd just eaten some super big and delicious bbq from Boucherie's big purple truck. :)
Walking in the building, we were greeted by three different people (And once by the guy in front of Jacques-Imo's who was happily greeting EVEREYONE).
We got lucky with our timing and there were maybe 4 tables sitting so we figured this would be a quick dinner and off for an appointment.
We were seated inside in a rather spartanly decorated dining room. Nothing wrong with that, the music was wonderful NOLA jazz and there was local artwork on the walls.
The waitress took our drink order and then our food order...then we waited...we waited a looong, time for something that should have taken no time at all. I don't think they actually had to slow cook the pork specifically for our dinners. Did they?
I went through my drink and my girly went through half hers. I caught the waitress to get a refill. Then drained half of that before the meal got in.
The girly's taco appetizer was wonderful. She really loved it. She just wished they had a larger version. At $5.95 for three, it was still a decent enough appetizer. But a large version would make her day because she loved this app.
My pulled pork sandwich was good, but I asked for lettuce and onion and got none. It was also pretty darned dry. I asked for more bbq sauce and our waitress acted like that was a nono. But she brought me some. She never did come back to refill any drinks so the girly had to share mine.
The fries...I asked for crispy and what I got was crispy. They really were  quite good. The girly happily helped me eat those.
When the waitress finally did come back to the table, she took the girly's plate but then started to take mine...while I was still chewing !?!?
Seriously. She just reached over and started piling stuff on my food.
Never take the food from a fat man. It may cost you a finger.
So while my bbq wasn't great, it wasn't horrible. My girly loved hers but did think mine was too dry and over cooked. The fries were great but what really killed it was the lack of attention the waitress gave us. It wasn't busy and there were other waitresses and waiters in the place. 
Service is important. When you have some of the best restaurants in the world, you should have equally good waitstaff. 
She didn't get much of a tip ($3 on a $18 dollar bill) but she didn't actually do anything much either.Oh, Squeal, I so wanted to love you. 
The guys who own the place are nice as can be, they really are, but nearly every time I've tried to get food at Squeal, I've been unsuccessful. Their website says they deliver, but they DO NOT. Okay, fine, I'll call in the order and walk up to get it. Oh, what? The item I wanted to order has now been stricken from the menu? YOU DON'T SAY. Not a surprise given that half the time I tried to order it (Grilled chicken sandwich) they never had chicken breasts and tried to get me to eat pulled chicken instead. Pulled chicken? No thanks.
I will say that the Squeal pie is delicious IF you get it on a good day...I had it a couple of times where it was like they forgot to put salt in it or something. The hush puppies they serve with everything are pretty damn good, but too small. And like other people, I thought their bbq sauce was hit or miss...sometimes great, sometimes so NOT great.
It seems to me that Squeal is still trying to find out how to actually be a restaurant, and that's somewhat understandable, I guess, but there's only so many times you can shoot me down when I'm trying to give you money before I give up and go somewhere else, especially in this town, where there's slap ya mama good food around every corner.I think I give up on this place. We've been a number of times over the last 2 years and sometimes it's okay, even good and other times it's just awful.  Tonight I had the pulled pork dinner.  The meat was so dry and tough I could hardly chew it. What's with the stinginess of the sauce?  What BBQ place doesn't have bottles of sauce on the table?  You have to beg and plead to get a sniff of sauce at this place. To boot the sauce is really not very good, very acidic.   I had the collards and cheese grits as sides which were good but couldn't make up for the dry pile of map meat on my plate.  Date had pork grillades which he said was very good but portion was way too small.  The real kicker though, the cost...a casual meal of BBQ for 2 and 2 beers for $60??   Sorry but BBQs got to be pretty sublime for me to pay that much for it.   I hate having to scratch restaurants off our go to list but after our recent Squeal experience I must...scratch.14 out of the 15 times (exaggerated) I've been here, everything is excellent. The only thing that stopped me from giving a full five is I got some ribs midday recently that were burnt crispy. Wasting 20 bucks on burnt ribs aint cool man... But nevertheless, Ive worked SIN before, and I know what restaurants are like between lunch and dinner. Still an amazing BBQ restaurant. New House Sauce is amazing!Quality smokehouse BBQ, friendly owners, and beautiful original artwork make this a very enjoyable spot.
A well stocked beer list is a must, and Squeal brings the frosty cold ones from as far away as Michigan and Europe.   The BBQ itself is carefully smoked with the signature pink color running throughout the pork.   The smoke flavor is mild, but the the texture is perfect, firm enough that it still has flavor and doesn't quite fall off the bone.
Standard sides like collards and grits were done exceptionally well.
A few inventive dishes like the Squeal Pie (think shepherds pie with BBQ) add a fun flair.
Next time I'm in New Orleans, this will be on the list.
_AmGotta say I had no intention of going to Squeal when I headed Uptown. Was trying to go to Jaquesimos since it had so much buzz but we got there at 3 and they don't open till 5. We smelled the smoker for Squeal from down the street and followed it there. So with no expectations we tried the brisket sandwich, fish tacos and duck tacos as well as the collard greens, corn maquchew and mac and cheese. The sides were excellent though the mac and cheese was a little pedestrian. I have never had collard greens but really enjoyed what I had as it had pulled pork in it. Also the maquchew had a great smokey heat to it that was very tasty and familiar. The tacos and brisket were also great and they had 3 craft beers on tap that I had not tried so dove in. All in all a great surprise to find for not having gone looking for it.Being a local, and from the neighborhood, Squeal is my and the BF's place to go when we are #1 off at the same time and #2 don't feel like cooking but don't really want to go "out" and get a baby sitter.  There is a tremendous convenience factor when we choose Squeal. It also helps they are pretty kid friendly. An plenty of times I just order pick up.
They have cheap highlifes and PBR, and decent local beers on tap, though quite frequently they run out of draft beers, at least when we go.  I haven't tried many of the cocktails, but I have tried two different moonshines, both were fantastic.  One was some tropical fruit infused thing that tasted like a cream soda, another was cherry, mixed with something chocolate.  
Lately the service here has really improved.  I have mostly been dealing with the bartender. Tall, thin man.  Usually wears a bowling shirt and glasses.   He's pretty cool.  
So, down to the nitty gritty.  They have recently changed the menu, and it's definetly a positive thing.   My menu favorites are the pulled pork sandwich with the slaw.  Cheese grits and fries for a side.  Also, I love
the greens, with big chunks of bacon.  The ribs are pretty good 80% of the time.  I have just started ordering them as an app, so if they don't have a good rib day, no big deal.    I also like the hushpuppies with honey butter and the Pork cakes (in the style of crab cakes).  
There is plenty of outside seating in the patio, if you come in on a temperate day.    
The entrance is handicap accessible, except 
maybe the restrooms aren't so much.  It may be a really tight squeeze for a wheelchair.A few weeks ago I headed uptown with some friend who wanted to try Jacques-Imo's after my raving. I didn't know it was closed for its annual vacation. What to do? 
I am so glad it was or I would have never visited SQUEAL! 
Fantastic meaty smokey ribs and super brisket make this another must visit in NOLA. Cold beer on a steamy night added to this find on Oak StreetMy husband and I visited this place recently. It was our first time here.  We arrived right as they were opening.  So we were the first to order.  We were asked what drinks we wanted.  I asked for tea.  I assumed it was un sweetened.  I was not offered sweet tea. Service was very slow and the food quality was not at all great.
I couple came in about 30 min. after us and their waiter offered sweet or unsweet tea.
My husband had a duck dish.  He received a wing and a leg.  OK - there is no meat on a wing.  I had the 2 taco special.  Shells were stale and very small.
Not worth going back in our opinion.Mmmm mmm good. Went with a friend around 3:30pm today (Tuesday) and we walked right in and got a table. It was great. The char was a little thick but the meat fell off the bone! The pork n beans were different but good. The coleslaw was just okay, but the lil jalapeño hush puppy dealies were off the chain... I snatched the ones off of my friends plate that she didn't eat ;)I wish I could give Squeal a 0. I honestly wish I would have read all of the bad reviews before going, because they were absolutely true! I just made this yelp account solely because of the horrible experience I just had, and I felt the duty to warn other people before you decide to go to this restaurant!
I have never had such awful service in my life. My boyfriend and I have lived in the area for a few years, and always wanted to try Squeal, and we finally did! We were super excited, but the service ruined everything.
He ordered the pulled pork sandwich and I ordered a hamburger. We ordered the macaroni for an appetizer, and asked for bacon on the side (and they said no problem). 20 minutes later the macaroni comes, filled with bacon. We said nothing and ate it anyway...
30 minutes after we ordered, the waiter informs us that they are out of hamburgers. It took them THIRTY minutes to realize that! Keep in mind this was late on a Sunday afternoon with maybe 12 other people eating here at this time. It was not busy in the slightest.
I happily changed my order to brisket sandwich with bbq sauce on the side and corn maque choux. My boyfriend's food came out at least 25 minutes before mine, and he was done before mine even got there.  
When my food finally came, the sauce was lathered all over the brisket, and they had given me collard greens instead of corn maque choux. Still, trying to be polite, I kindly asked for what I had actually ordered. 15 minutes later they brought it out, finally.
At this point, I just boxed up my food and we were ready to pay the bill. When we got it, the waiter had left the hamburger on the bill and tried to charge us for it! It also took him 15 minutes to come back once we had put the credit card in the bill holder.
I have to warn everyone how horrible this service is. They refused to comp my meal after they literally could not have gotten any more wrong about it. Please, for your sake, never go here. I have never not tipped in my life, and we did not tip this waiter.My friend saw an ad in the Gambit for this place and we decided to give it a try. It was a Thursday night and the wait for a table was about 25 minutes. Granted I'm always looking at Yelp to read reviews and recommendations. The more we waited and the more I read, I was really not looking forward to trying out this place due to the mediocre reviews. 
As we were seated, I noted how drab the place looks and how the floors squeaked and wobbled every time someone would walk past our table. Just an observation, but I didn't let that affect my judgement on the food. Our table ordered several items - The Smoked Pork Cakes appetizer, which was very dry. I really wanted to like the "DBLT" Tacos (Chipotle-glazed Duck tacos), but they were just not tasty enough for me. And to pay $9 for that? I felt ripped off. I would rather have spent $7 for awesome tacos at Taceaux Loceaux. My husband got the St. Louis Ribs, and I have to admit they were pretty damn tasty, except for the fact that they were not nearly as tender as I expected. The sauce that went with it was perfect. 
I'm glad I tried this place, but I don't see myself coming back here. If I were to order one thing on the menu, it might be the St. Louis Ribs again.I'm a loser Yankee, who doesn't know anything about barbecue, but the ribs were completely falling off the bone.  Probably the best I've ever had.Looking for a good place to eat BBQ in New Orleans, I had high expectations because of the outdoor grill smell that was pulling me into Squeal. Unfortunately, my expectations were not met.  I ordered the Pork Grillades Over Grits, which was not as tasty as I hoped. The pork was too sweet and tangy, and the grits were decent. I could have had better grits elsewhere. My boyfriend ordered the Squeal Pie which was slightly better than the Pork Grillades but not much. The squeal pie had a lot of pepper and spices but none of the flavor. I would not recommend coming here for BBQ. I would rather go to VooDoo BBQ which has better prices and a yummier selection.Tasty hush puppies, pork sandwiches and brisket tacos were part of our meal at Squeal, located on Oak Street in Uptown.  While recently reviewed on a cooking show and rated as the top BBQ resto in town, the BBQ was good, but not the best that we've enjoyed.Just went for my sixth and last time. Food is excellent, but the service was always mediocre at best. Tonight however broke the straw. My party was waiting for a table at the bar when the owner decided to take over bartending. Accused my friend of trying to cost him $15K for using a fake ID... the thing is my friend is 21 and the bartender/owner has no clue what a real or fake ID looks like. Save yourself the wait & the bad service and go to Voodoo.Service was bad, Food was ok (not the best). They ran out of brisket.. not sure how a BBQ place runs out of brisket (it wasn't busy at all). Nice patio if you want to sit outside.  I don't think this place will survive other than by the hyped reviews and tweets they put out by their friends and neighbors on Oak.  Too many other good BBQ places in NOLALocated at the former Zachary's location on Oak, Squeal is a great place for real pit BBQ in Nola. Remembering that we are not Memphis so comparisons cannot be made, this place hosts some of the best fall of the bone meat. The meat is rubbed and sauced with spices a feature I love and the sauce is unique. Like most New Orleans BBQ places the sides leave much to the imagination. I had the grits that weren't bad but didn't seem to compliment the meal well and the greens were good but have had better elsewhere. Next time I'll try the standard beans. But overall you come for the meat and the meat is top notch. Btw the service is fantastic also.I ordered the Pulled Pork sandwich.  There was nowhere near enough sauce on the sandwich.  The pulled pork wasn't even that good.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.  The sides were slightly below average.  I probably won't be back.Food is alright. Not too great. If you want good BBQ then go to Fat Hen. 
Service isn't too great either and this place has always been empty when I have gone (3 times)So We ordered pick up tonight,  got chicken, brisket, pork and another chicken.  None of it was worth the money, chicken was soo dried out it was like eating a tire, pulled pork Well there wasn't even a table spoons worth in the box!! Fries where even burnt and Mac&cheese was hard and not edible like the whole meal!! Stay away waist of money!!!I had been wanting to visit this place for almost 2 years after seeing it aired on one of the cooking channel shows. Living just 90 minutes away from New Orleans I told myself I have to try that place! It was well worth the wait! My husband and I along with our two children enjoyed every aspect of our visit. I agree with the statements below...it's a gem! The service was perfect and the food was divine! The establishment is clean and quaint and they put a lot of quality into their menu items which are very reasonably priced. It isn't a huge menu so we tried just about everything. The pork cakes are definitely a must have! Squeal pie was everything you can imagine! Brisket and ribs were cooked to perfection. All of the food was seasoned perfectly. 
On the way out we ran into one of the owners. A very friendly down to earth guy. That was the icing on the cake! This establishment is a 5/5 without a doubt and we will be back!!!It was the smell of the smoker that brought me in, ordered the brisket tacos and they were awesome! But it was the cherry moonshine lemonade that was the killer, highly recommend but don't ask to eat the cherries like I did, not so tasty.Don't know what everybody is so upset about.  Me and Mafalda go here all the time!  It's the only place that can serve up a decent bowl of burnt catfood.  I'm thinking that all these people lambasting this lovely establishment are just upset because of a severe lack of bath salts.  Me, I keep to a strict drug regimen to keep my mind limber.  The last time Mafalda and me went here, they even let us bring Mafalda's cat Graymalkin.  What nice people.
When we walked in, we politely sat at the bar and chugged some warm gin while we waited for the bartendress to finish her conversation with a man who was clearly fresh out of a jail (the face tattoos are a dead giveaway that someone's been in the clink).  I'm not quite sure how long we waited to get served, but it was somewhere between 2 and 40 minutes.  Bath salts and warm gin tend to warp my sense of passing time.  Anyway, they served us our usual burned niblets of vinegary shushmush.  After a few more guzzles of warm gin, Graymalkin started to get a little antsy in his pantsy, so we had to go.  We slapped a couple possum skins down on the table and left.
On our way out, the chef asked if those skins were real possums.  Mafalda whipped out a couple more from her copious bosoms (best hiding spot), and showed off our recent take.  Well, guess what the newest item on the menu is Yelpers?  Me and Mafalda finally have some steady work as the official possum wranglers for this amazing restaurant.Bland/greasy food. Wings overcooked. BBQ sauce bad and overpowering. We both have stomach aches from the tiny amount of food we did eat. Not to mention they did not have ribs, or the fresh, prepared seafood of the day.my first taste of squeal was from their booth at a music concert.  the pork grillades over grits and BBQ pork tacos were really really good, and i made a point to check out the restaurant, which i did recently.  i was not disappointed.  
i again had the BBQ pork tacos, which were excellent - juicy, smoky and spicy.  i also had the squeal pie which was great!  i've decided it's one of my favorite comfort foods right now - so tasty and flavorful.  i wish i had known that jalapeno corn hush puppies came with the pie, as that would've been enough for me. however, my friend was happy that we had a whole separate order of them because he loved them.
i love the smokiness of the BBQ at squeal and that they're not afraid of spice.  i hope they keep it up.First time here, was HUNGRY. Ordered the FULL RACK (ONLY 6 small ribs ) and two sides, beans and greens.Ribs = DRY...Beans and greens=  Delicious. Dinner friend ordered pork nachos....Very dry. Emily our super cute waitress sent us on our way with complimentry beers. Nice touch. Will I  eat here again? Oh ...I kinda doubt it....unless I'm REALLY JONESING for Pork BBQ..Stumbled across this place completely by accident. Needed a bite to eat and somewhere to kill some time. Within 5mins I had a Lil Sumpin' Sumpin' in my glass and WiFi on my laptop! 
Had the black eyed peas egg rolls and some BBQ Tacos. My favorite was the beef brisket taco with spicy chipotle sauce but the Pork with slaw taco was bangin too. Cool neighborhood, good happy hour specials, awesome staff.Over priced for the quality. Very inconsistent product. Frequently over cooked, and over salted. I have tried this place multiple times trying different menu items hoping to find something worth while. Compared to other New Orleans food venues and even bar b q, this place is a waste of your time and money.Good stuff. Ate so much I squealed like a pig.  The bacon and jalapeño Mac and cheese was off the chain.