I think this place probably does more business as a bar, than a restaurant. Had breakfast there this morning, & it was very good. Service was quick & helpful.Late nite eats.  Greasy spoonNot good... But the fries were eatitable at 2 am.  If you want a shitty dive bar, then this is it.  That's about all.Came in here during St Patrick's Day because the Irish House had a limited menu, and I wanted fries. Then had 2 for 1 long Islands and a really good sampler platter.  Want to sure what a Boudin Ball was n but it is really tasty.   
Good drinks. Good food.   Nice people. Weekdays not to love?Perfect chicken friend steak after a night out. Our server was kind and super helpful. Would recommend. Quiet and convenient to our hotel.I frequent this place a good deal, mostly when get off of work late at night and I'm on my way home.  Pretty friendly people, a real mixed bag of nuts working here.
99% of the time I get the ham and cheese omelet and am never disappointed.  It's a pretty good size and a straight forward omelet.  
This is my go-to place for two reason.  24/7 and always tasty.  Nuff said!!!A friend and I went here at 2:30 a.m. on 11/01. It wasn't crowded, but we decided to sit at the bar. We sat quietly, looking over our menus, for about 10 minutes. No staff had approached us at any point since we arrived, and we decided to try a different place instead. As we were walking out the door one of the waiters asked us if we were leaving. My friend, who is in the service industry, politely  told him that we had been waiting a while and nobody had helped us. He apologized to her, she said no big deal, and we left. As it turns out, our "plan B" restaurant was closed, so we decided to give the St. Charles another chance. As soon as we walked in, an older man (short in height, grey hair, wearing a scally cap) approached us and told us we had to leave. We were a bit taken aback by this, and the only explanation he provided was that we had to leave because he doesn't want "that kind of people" in the restaurant. That's a direct quote, and i have no idea what he meant by it. We stood outside, dumbfounded, wondering what the hell just happened. After talking to some friends, I believe this person was probably the owner. This was, by far, the rudest, most disrespectful treatment I have ever received in any business establishment, dining or otherwise. If a bartender or server had approached us as quickly as the rude owner did, we would have never left in the first place.
(This review was originally written in early November of 2011. For some reason it was hidden by Yelp's filter, but I believe it deserves a reposting. This place was that bad.)Ordered appetizers and they came after the meal...like 15 minutes after the meal.  Meal was nothing to write home about. 
Then we were visited by a curious cockroach. 
I wouldn't advise eating here, sorry.I wish I could give less. HORRIBLE FOOD AND SERVICE!!! Save your money. After dealing with the cooks and service staff, I can honestly say they don't care about anything but the money. Save yourself and don't order TAKE OUT for sure. They bag it however, and when you get home... You will be sooo disappointed with the outcome and call the place just to deal with RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL employees.. I guess it's open 24/7 because drunks won't complain. I give it 0 stars honestly.Looking for a place to eat at 11:00PM is hard because just about everything was closed so I stubbled upon this 24hr restaurant/bar to grab some food with a couple of friends. The place wasn't pack, it was just my table and 4 other people at the bar. All 3 of my friends got the rib-eye steak and I was the odd one out to get the spaghetti alfredo with shrimp (I was really craving a nice plate of shrimp alfredo so why not) and a spinach artichoke dip appetizer. 
The artichoke dip was basic, I thought the one from apple bee's tasted better honestly. I had a piece of my friends rib-eye and it was really good, nice and tender. My pasta was not good at all. I took my first bite and there was a grainy texture to it as well as a strong garlicky taste overpowering the rest of the pasta. I love garlic, but that was by far was too much garlic in my opinion. I gave it another try and took a few more bites, but after my last few bites, unfortunately, I felt sick of the garlicky smell and taste and lost my appetite as a whole. Our bill came out, I didn't look at it for myself, but put my fair share for my meal and as we were leaving my friend stated that he wasn't aware of the added gratuity on the actual bill until he paid with the remaining amount left with his credit card and our waitress had inputted the gratuity into his card receipt under the tips section.. I thought that was pretty odd...The seafood platter was very good. Thin catfish fried shrimp and crab cakes.  Also had some very good cheesecake and all of this was 1230 at night on a Monday. Great spot for quality late night food.Once upon a time I used to live right around the corner from this joint, and I do mean that literally.  Whenever I was not in the mood to cook or was craving a juicy, delicious, very cheap steak dinner on a Thursday night this was my go to location.  I can tell you as many times as I have been there, I have never had a rude or unpleasant interaction with any of the wait staff or management as others have mentioned.  I have had a number of things off their menu and there's only two things that I wasn't super impressed by 1) the gumbo always seems a bit watery and 2) the french toast which tasted ok but it's made with a thick slice of french bread and I don't know if its the way they cut it but it is almost impenetrable by syrup and for me that almost defeats the purpose. 
I have never been there drunk so I can't say how it is in the wee hours of the morning and I've never had delivery so I can't speak on that either.  What I can say is this: it's is a tavern and a restaurant that serves almost everything on their menu 24 hours a day.  Are their a few items that could use a little more seasoning?  Of course!!!  That's why they put salt, pepper, and hot sauce on the table.  The food is meant to appeal to the masses not just the few foodie yuppies who expect everything to be seasoned to their liking.   If you are looking for a gourmet meal and white linen table cloths, then Emeril's place is just up the block.  But let's be realistic people.  The food here is plenty good and if you don't like it then don't come back.  We won't miss you.I ate there a few times while in Nola, the services was good, food was yummy.  My only complaint would be my burger was a bit over cooked, i order med-rare and it was deff more on the med-well side, but it was good, good portions.  I have to say the breakfast quesadilla was the best was hands down the best thing i ate there.Me ENCANTA. El servicio es muy bueno, el personal super amable. La comida muy rica y variada. Les recomiendo el desayuno, los french toast son deliciosos. La avena es muy bueno y es una opción saludable. Regresaré.Great food, amazing service, and in a great location!!!
Get the hash, either type.  Best I ever had. :-)Whether the food is good or not is irrelevant at this point. I've been sitting here for an hour and barely got water. She thought she ordered French fries instead of French toast, then proceeded to try to convince me that I was getting French fries because they we're already being cooked. (No customer service). Then she decided to be nice when she realized that she ordered French toast after all. 
All in all, the food was amazing, the service just brought the rating down so low. I'll never have French toast that good anywhere else. They infused orange zest into them and made them with French bread. The food saved my experience.I've giving St. Charles Tavern four stars for one reason -- $11.95 for a pretty decent ribeye steak on Wednesdays and Thursdays. Their cooks have gotten to where they prepare the streaks properly to order, and you just can't beat that price in the city.
Aside from that, they have some semi-decent food and are open 24 hours, which is definitely a plus, although their bar is virtually impossible to eat from (it desperately needs a larger overhang!). The service is good, but when they're full the waitstaff can get a bit overwhelmed. 
I'm dancing between three and four stars on this one, but since they've gotten the steaks right this will always be one of my usual haunts.Went in early on a Sunday morning for a quick bite to eat. Great portion for the price. Nothing fancy, just basic breakfast. Easy going, no frills kind of place.Great place. Good food for breakfast and dinner. The Philly Cheese was amazing harmony of flavors as was the Boudan Ball sub/sandwich. Really good Bloody Mary. Good prices. Friendly staff.OMG! What a great surprise. Stumbled across the Tavern in a hungry stupor. Service was friendly and prompt. We had the pork chop special and it was fabulous! The stuffing was full of flavour, had just the right spice and may be the best I've ever tasted! Highly recommend!Just ordered delivery from St. Charles Tavern because we were craving the jalepeno poppers and it's been awhile since we've eaten there. Our entire order consisted of a catfish plate, jalepeno poppers, chicken tenders and fries (bc the $12 catfish plate didn't come with fries.)
The guy on the phone was nice and the order came within the time they said it would. For a total of $40 (including a $5 tip), we got a lukewarm, mushy catfish "plate" that consisted of 2 pieces of catfish as well as cold, bland fries, what looked like tyson chicken fingers that were dunked in the deep fryer, and jalepeno poppers with cream cheese instead of the gooey, delicious, processed cheddar cheese the old St. Charles Tavern used and that was much enjoyed. The "tartar" sauce was watered down, sour mayonnaise that made us gag and the 2 oz. of  coleslaw was floodwater yellow and had a very peculiar smell. I had to stop eating after imagining the coleslaw and cream cheese in a 5 gal. vats, sitting out in the open, un-chilled. Also, the $1.75 soft drink you order is 16 oz, not 20 oz. 
I don't know if it's new management or ownership, but this place is AWFUL. Definitely not the place I remember. I also suspect that some rounding up took place on my bill because the estimated price was not the even $35 they charged me. Stay away from this place unless you want to spend the next day on the toilet is my suggestion.Had a shrimp Po boy and it was much better than the one we had in the French quarters. The shrimp gumbo was very good. Service was prompt and the atmosphere was not overwhelming. Would very much recommend it.The food was solid and our waiter was nice, but dammmmmmn the food took forever. I was drunk, hungry, and contemplating going to sleep on the table since the food was taking so long. 
When our food finally came, my table delighted in the random assortment of food we had ordered (mushroom burger, fries, baked potato, hot wings, ham and cheese omlette...all good).Love the location, so close to the St Charles Streetcar line.  Arrived for a late breakfast Sunday, yet that isn't a problem for a 24 hr spot like this.  My son and I ordered almost the exact same dish-- two eggs over med, bacon, toast, grits.  One of the waiters made me laugh-- he was attempting to explain to a non-southerner what "grits" were.  He looked at me for assistance.  I tried.  Finally told them to just order them.  Good call.  They serve an exponential amount of bacon with a normal breakfast.  Wonderful hash browns, thick cut red taters with onions and a little cajun seasoning.  Nice surprise to see a bit of fresh fruit for garnish.  Good prices, slow to ok service, but a great location and lots of character.  You can't go wrong here.Tried this place out for lunch because it was walking distance from my hotel. The older guy that seemed to be in charge was super nice and made some recommendations. Should have tried some cajun food but I had a philly cheese steak on ciabatta with fries. It was pretty good; would definitely return in the future to try out their 24hr breakfast!If I could give this place zero stars I wouldn't because the. That would mean negative numbers were in play and then I would choose those. WORST. PLACE. EVER. YUCK.Two words... CRAB CAKES! I have had them twice and each time has been a triumph! Their seafood platter is enough to warrant greasing the doors so you can leave. This place is awesome!Worst restaurant experience ever. Waitress had to be on crack with her constant itching and shaking. Messed up the bill 3 times and asked me to come back the next day to receive a refund.Go down the street to the Avenue Pub, the food is better and so is the ambiance.Okay, I realize it's rare these days that I give a business five stars right off the bat, but my experience ordering food from St. Charles Tavern last night at approximately 3 a.m. couldn't have been more awesome, so pending further investigation they've totally earned the fifth star from me.
So, last night, I once again failed to eat dinner (sometimes I forget!) and by the time we got home from gallivanting around, the tummy gods were demanding attention. Stat. Given the situation, I was overjoyed to discover that food was, in fact, available anywhere, so that's definitely a factor with regard to the whole five star rating thing. Here's what happened:
I require food. It is three a.m. We are in the Lower Garden District. Where do I look for food? Yelp, of course. The first thing I see when I look at the business listing for St. Charles Tavern is Jean-Paul V's beautifully written review: "God bless St. Charles Tavern. You are a beacon in the night. A shiny, greasy lodge to the derelict, bereft, and inebriated." Um, yes please! Where do I sign up? 
Visited their website by way of their Yelp page, then found a link to download the menu. I was vaguely disappointed to discover that they'd stopped delivering at 2am, but again, tummy gods are not to be f*cked with, so if I had to go out and pick up my own food, so be it. 
The menu is pretty awesome in terms of selection - they've got breakfast, 24/7, veggie options like the veggie burger I ordered, plus standards like cheese fries, mozzarella sticks, salads and spinach and artichoke dip. When I called, the first person who answered put me on hold for a moment, then a pleasant male voice picked up, "What can I get for you?" 
The pleasant male voice happened to belong to the chef, so the dude who'd be cooking our food was also taking my order, and he was super awesome as far as phone interactions while ordering food go (in fact, as far as phone interactions in general, with random strangers, go), so major props for that. Not only was he pleasant, helpful, and patient as I gathered the various details of my two companions' complicated orders, he was totally awesome about it when I called back two minutes later to cancel one item and order an omelette instead, because one of my friends didn't notice at first that they had breakfast, and that was what he "really wanted." 
Our food was ready in 15-20 minutes, St. Charles Tavern was literally three blocks up the street from my friend's house, and it was exactly what you'd expect to get from a "shiny, greasy lodge to the derelict, bereft, and inebriated." And it was delicious. Three am dinner FTW! Thank you, St. Charles Tavern. You freaking rock.They have excellent bar food. Got the lunch/dinner chicken fried steak. The mashed potatoes and gravy were awesome.This place is okay. I ordered biscuits and gravy with sausage patties and 2 eggs over easy. I'm from KY so I know gravy. It's practically a food group for us. The gravy was okay. The sausage patties taste fake and like it came from McDonald's. That's telling me this is pre-pattied, pre-cooked sausage. 
The orange slice they gave was dried out; telling me it's been days since its been sliced and has been out in the open. 
It's okay but honestly, the only way I would come here is if I am drunk.Much better than expected, as far as late-night grub goes. My expectations were pretty low, honestly, because I always thought of this place as a dive, which it is. I ordered a Western omelet, which is traditionally made with ham, bell peppers, onions, and maybe cheese. 
What I received did not bear any resemblance whatsoever to that formula, but it was still tasty. The "Western omelet" I received had red onions, tomatoes, spinach, garlic, and a little tiny bit of ham, with a dish of tomatillo salsa on the side. I think I caught one shred of cheese in there, it was a negligible amount. I was more disappointed by the lack of cheese than I was at the addition of the other ingredients.
It came with a side of potatoes and an order of toast, both were good.
The waitress was efficient and way too overqualified to be working the night shift in a virtually empty restaurant.
Entertainment was provided by a drunk guy snoozing on a bench outside, and his girlfriend driving up and screaming at him.
Meets your late-night needs.Very disappointed with the quality of the food tonight.  I normally don't write reviews of places....but I feel that I definitely needed to write one for tonight.  
I ordered takeout......the Wednesday and Thursday special rib-eye baked potato, I ordered it to be a medium cooked steak and I got burnt.  The potato, was still rick hard in the center and it over an HOUR for the delivery to get here.  Once it did get here, the delivery guy a $8.00 tip(because he had no change, big surprise there huh?)  This is not my first eating at this establishment, so I was highly disappointed.  If you are looking for cheap food to eat after a night of partying, this is the place to go.  Otherwise I would recommend going somewhere else, hell, even McDonald's is better that what I got tonight.We've been to this place every day of our 4-day stay. Different times ranging from 3am  super late night food, to breakfast, to dinner. Always great food, friendly service, good drinks, and a laid-back New Orleans atmosphere. Other patrons always interesting and happy to chat with you if you want to get some tips on enjoying New Orleans.Have to say that I had some good meals when I was down in New Orleans. And this place was one of them. Saw it when I was on the tram as I was going up and down St. Charles Avenue. It was two years ago but all I can remember was the good breakfast that I had and the chance to catch up with my history reading on New Orleans. Lots of locals. Looks like a bar at night. But the food I had was surprisingly good. Might be going down to New Orleans again this Thanksgiving. Will try and drop by. So, until then 4 stars for now.Well... this is a 24/7 Tavern - bar and food!  Service was excellent, courteous, warm and efficient - thank you Brandon!  The food was quite delicious - we had both hash dishes with eggs, the potatoes were soooooo well seasoned, biscuit with added white gravy!  Oh my goodness!!!  We'll be back!  Ambience is dark and cozy with cool tunes.I make it a point to come and eat here each time I visit New Orleans (home). They have some of the most delicious food in the city, please do not let the esthetics of the building fool you. The food here is the BOMB!!! The service is great as well, be sure to ask for Story, she is a sweetheart. Very pleasant, attentive to your dining needs all with a smile and New Orleans hospitality. 
Okay back to the food... the times that I've dined here which has been for breakfast lunch and dinner (all in the same day) and then some was nothing less than great. The food served are of good portions (New Orleans style), well seasoned and delightful to the palette. I would not be exaggerating when I say just about everything here is good, even the appetizers. 
Additionally, it is open so late that it's the best place to eat if you've been out all nite. 
The establishment is very well kept from the dining area to the bathrooms. The prices here are very responsible in my opinion. Love this place and can not wait to be back in NOLA and back at St. Charles Tavern.Solid and reasonably priced. Don't make a special trip but if you're craving standard Nola fare and close you could do worse. Open 24 hours which is a plus.Disclosure: I've only eaten there once, and I loved it. I was hungry for some gumbo & rolled in there alone, sat at the bar. My first neighbor was a train engineer for Amtrak, a regular who talked about the 24/7 culture & blend of people getting drunk next to people already drunk next to people just waking up before work for breakfast - fun. 
My next neighbor was the chef from some big seafood restaurant who just got off work - I think he was a regular too. 
As for me... the gumbo was excellent, and I also tried the Boudain balls, which were also terrific. The owner tells me he's also opening a jazz club upstairs? Should be interesting...
UPDATE. I went there again last week and the owner (Adam) showed me the upstairs  - real nice. Depending upon a few things in the works, he may turn it into a jazz club or ????? Their balcony overlooks St. Charles street where the Mardi Gras parade goes - real cool. 
You know I dig you guys at the Tavern, so don't kill the messenger here but... I did order one of your bloody marys and DAMN?!?!?!?.... Let's just say your gumbo & boudain balls are excellent.This place seems a lot cleaner since the new ownership took over.  The food is still about the same "ok" quality as it always was but the menu is a bit different than the old one.  The service is absolutely HORRIBLE and you have to make substantial effort to get anybody's attention after they initially take your order.  I would suggest sitting at the bar and you will probably get slightly better service as compared to hardly any service at the tables.  The only awesome five star thing about this place is that it really is 24/7 so you can always get something to eat here.  If the service wasn't so very bad it would be a three star joint and it also seems they cleaned out a bit of the character that used to be here... or at least a lot of the characters that used to always be eating in here.I give this place 2 stars. I ordered chicken tenders thinking that it would be REAL CHICKEN. Not the processed kind. It tastes like cafeteria food. I should have gotten the po boy. My fries however were great. Loved the random bits of bacon thrown in. Service was nice. Will i come back. Probally but ill def get something elseSo I was hoping to take my Dad out to a nice breakfast while he was visiting, but I guess we were up way to early in the morning for any of the other places to be open. Although the St. Charles Tavern is pretty divey, it served us a helluva decent breakfast if diner style breakfast is what you're looking for. 
My dad was pleased as punch with his biscuits and gravy, pronouncing the gravy just spicy enough, covering two biscuits, halved, and each topped with a sausage patty. 
I had two scrambled eggs, toast, and the hash browns. Very substantial, pretty darn good. Our waitress was sweet as could be, considering she'd probably been there all night. This place is open 24 hours and you can get breakfast lunch or dinner at any time during those hours. 
Not too shabby for such a divey place. The price was good too.Delicious, hot and spicy jambalaya. Great casual, neighborhood spot to sit over good food and a beer, and chat with the staff.st. charles tavern is the worst combination of a diner and dive bar (and i usually love both).  i walked in around 2am to get a drink while i did some writing.  i was seated quickly without a hello or a smile.  i waited 10 minutes without service before going to the bathroom.  everything was dirty and the toilet wouldn't flush.  i came back out to find my pen had been stolen.  the waitress ignored me for another 10 minutes.  i made one final attempt to get her attention, but she had her back turned to me as she was chatting with someone at the bar.  25 minutes after my arrival, i left without ever being served.Tuesday night.  All U Can Eat crabs.  Good ole fashioned dive joint.  Conveniently located off the trolley.How anyone can give this place one star is beyond me.
Know what to expect. It's a step above a dive with some class. 
I had just finished a night of intense partying and dancing when I stumbled into the tavern dying of thirst. 
Chris was so attentive, helpful, and funny.
He rehydrated me and then made me such an amazing breakfast for 4 am.
Perfectly cooked, with fresh strawberries on the side. 
I had no idea this place existed and now I can't imagine going anywhere else when I'm so shitfaced I can't really see straight and it's 4 am and I need great company and nourishment.
Oh, and a perfect stranger bought my breakfast. Loved it.Slowest cooks in the city. Great location. Play the juke box while you wait.  Steak night is a god deal.Me: "Hi, I'd like to place an order for delivery, pretty please."
St. Charles Tavern: "I don't know where you're from, but it's Mardi Gras and a parade is passing. We don't deliver today."
Me: "Actually, I live on the parade route, and the parade passed three hours ago. But I understand not wanting to drive today. That's why I'm trying like hell to get something delivered."
And then we all had a good laugh. But seriously, I totally understand not delivering at all during Mardi Gras . . . but a girl has to try, right? 
On a regular day, the food's a'ight. It's not the greatest food I've ever had in my life, but what I have had is solid. And I have to be honest . . . the thought that I can have chicken fried steak drowning in country gravy can be DELIVERED to me during a wicked hangover episode is what gets me through the day sometimes! (and their menu says they deliver city-wide, which is pretty bad ass)
So . . . three stars, because it's not the greatest food in the whole world, but it'll conveniently give you your greasy fix and cure what ails ya!Dinner here was very unmemorable.   The Cajun Chicken was greasy and the portion (including sides) was too small for the price.  My colleague got Chicken Strips, which was cheaper, and his portion was enormous!  They also don't split checks, which was a bit of a hassle.  The server was friendly enough.  I'd come back here for late night drinks (and maybe nosh), but definitely not for dinner.It was late and stumbled upon this neighborhood 24 hour tavern while walking tipsy on St Charles :) Thank God they were not busy cause I was starvin. Sat on the bar and ordered Seafood Gumbo and Shrimp Poboy. I love the Gumbo soup...chunks of seafood and had nice spicy kick! The poboy was pretty enormous so I only had half of it. Good amount of breaded fried shrimp served on a roll but tasteless....maybe frozen? The other thing I didn't like were the fries. Crinkle cut and definitely know they were frozen. I was expecting hand cut fries from this local tavern. I was glad that they were serving food past grave yard shift but the quality is questionable. I may have been drunk but my taste buds are always pretty alert when it detects frozen fried meals.Not my favorite meal, but not the worst meal I've ever had either.
We popped in here for breakfast on the recommendation of our hotel check-out girl.  After going back and forth trying to decide, I opted for the biscuits and gravy with sausage patties.  While the biscuits were decent, the gravy had a weird sweetness to it.  I didn't like that at all.
A friend had the Greek omelette with egg whites.  She said it was good and she liked that the eggs were fluffy.
My brother-in-law had the chicken and andouille hash and I tried a bite of that.  First bite and I got a small bone.  But the potatoes were good.
If I were starving and there was nothing else open, I guess i'd eat here again.Food was ugh edible, not the corn beef I'm used to. Place is loud and service is minimal so that equals slow.Delicious meatball spaghetti, specially if taken at 4 AM after a long and festive nightDecided to stop here with a bachelor party (6 people total) early morning (3am). It took 10 minutes after order our drinks (water) before they got to the table. Food wise, we were all starving. It literally took 37 minutes for the food to get to the table. There was only 2 couples there when we got there and they had looked to be waiting for there food too. I went to pay my check and a group of ladies were seated with water. The waiter explained that it was one check only and they can't separate them. The girls made a scene about it and ended up leaving. The old lady behind the bar told the waiter that the girls didn't touch the water as he was busting the table and to put it back in the pitcher. WHAT?! HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE.Our concierge recommended this place, which was a short walk from our hotel. We ate here twice for lunch and wanted to go back. The gumbo was delicious.  Husband had the shrimp po-boy both times two and loved it (I had many of the overflowing shrimp). Seafood platter with catfish, shrimp, crab cake and slaw was delicious. Tavern itself is a little more old fashioned with only 2 TVs and a dozen tables.Wish I could have tried their food, service was horrible, waitress did not want to be there or serve customers. Ended up leaving rather than dealing with the sour attitude.Worst meal ever. I will not ever go back, not even if someone paid me to eat this crap.
Service was horrible. Slow as fuck. I ordered a coke. The lady brought over a sprite. It took forever for the sprite, so I didn't even want to order another drink. Food took even LONGER, which I didn't get. We were the only table there! Then we had to listen to the 60 something year old waitress singing..."let's talk about sex baby".. Seriously. 
As, we were waiting 20 or so minutes in... I'm thinking man.. food's gotta be good if we're waiting this long.... NOPE! I had the chicken fried steak, salty as fuck. How can you call this food? It literally tasted like a spoon full of salt. My bf had the red beans and 'chop. His was overly salted also. 
None of us could stomach anything, left hungry and $70 bucks after 4 drinks and two entrees, plus tip later... money wasted and still hungry.This place is open 24 hrs. You can't beat a place that is open all day. The place had a trolley stop in front, so this place is accessible at anytime!Late night in the Garden District where to eat? Well Yelp and the women at the hotel front desk both pointed me towards St Charles Tavern. Yelp you failed me. The spinach dip tasted funky the chips with it were stale and the boudin balls were somewhat soggy. Wish I would have went to Popeye's or just went to bed and skipped that dining experience all together. In addition the bartender ignored me while I stood at the bar while she was talking to coworkers and then she seemed annoyed when I asked for water. I surely did not ask for a refill for fear that I would interrupt her social hour. Worst part we tipped on the takeout and she still ignored us.I started walking because I was fed up with bourbon Street. A guy with a gun Said, "that's where the locals eat." 11 dollar ribeye??  Yes please!
Needless to say, I got what I paid for, but I loved every moment. This was exactly the local watering hole mom and pop stop I needed! 
Being her here if she like to drink and watch sports!We stumbled in at about 4 in the morning after having spent the evening in the French Quarter. We were slightly hungry and ready for more booze, and let's face it, staying drunk would keep the hangover away. 
We ordered drinks, I don't even remember what they were. I think it was a Crown and Soda and a Jack and Coke. The drinks were cheap and really really REALLY strong. Too strong for 4am and two drunkies who were just trying to stayed buzzed. 
We perused the menu, and everything looked pretty bland and forgettable. We ordered jalapeno poppers. They were alright, but nothing special.
The waitress/bartender was nice, but kept trying to sell us on buying a meal. Or buying something else. Or coming back. It was really off putting.
I wasn't impressed at all, and the only reason they get 2 stars is because they are open 24/7.
Didn't try the breakfast, but according to yelp that seems to be where it's at. Saw a lot of cops cars parked out front on another night; cops tend to know were food is good and cheap. Maybe they know something I don't, like a secret menu where the food actually sounds appetizing.Service was excellent.  Waitress was friendly, funny and attentive.  Started with boudin balls...they were PERFECT.  Girlfriend had breakfast and said it was great.  I had a roast beef poboy that was spot on...hot and sloppy, perfect fresh French bread.  The cherry on top was the fries.  Crinkle cut, cooked to perfection with the right crispiness outside and fully cooked but not mushy on the inside.  Great meal and not overpriced. Go there!Great dive bar restaurant for a quick meal. Had crawfish pies (tasted homemade and had a great marinara dipping sauce), chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes (perfect breading on steak), and lots of drinks (they pour well!). Plus the service was friendly despite the crazy Mardi Gras crowds. We'll be back when we're in the area :)Angela B was awesome!!! She gave us tourists some great advice if things to see while visiting NOLA. Her recommendation of the red beans and catfish was spot on. Fantastic. For a laid back no nonsense place to go, this is a mustGreat food.  Bartenders have heavy hands.  Dinner specials are Wunnerful.Ya know, it really takes a lot for me to complain or become dissatisfied and being that this is my first 1-star review, i honestly don't understand how other people can give this place more than a 2-star rating.  I believe it is embarrassing that this place is part of (or considered) New Orleans cuisine.  It's an enigma how this place exists on the beautiful St. Charles Avenue.  Look if you like disgusting, tasteless food with horrible service, then this is your place.
I was so excited to discover that such a thing as a crawfish étouffée omelet existed, so when i finally got around to getting to this place to try it out, i was rather ecstatic.  This place has been around for quite some time, i believe since 1917 so i figured it'd be a great experience, wrong.
Please understand, i am not a judgmental person, nobody can help the way they look (to a degree).  Our server was hideous, and i don't mean naturally hideous, i mean she looked like she came into work straight off a 72 hour coke/alcohol and god-knows-what-else binge. Her nails were filthy, and it was quite eery knowing that this was the person handling my food. I mean the girl looked like she walked straight off of the set of The Walking Dead.  As a manager there, someone should have at least told her to go home and freshen up, your wait-staff is THEE face of your restaurant, and if management can allow their people to walk into work like that, then they must not care much about anything but a paycheck themselves.
Before i even began to eat, i noticed my silverware looked as if it had been thrown off of a Mardi Gras float, spotty and i even found a piece of food on the backside of my fork.  As i requested a new set of silverware, our waitress had the nerve to cop an attitude, i was so upset with myself for still playing ball here after two strikes before the food even hit the table. I then struck out once it did.
The omelet was simply yuck. absolutely NO taste whatsoever. I don't believe in sending food back so i ate what i could, tipped our waitress, and sped out of there.
Never again.If you're going to go anywhere on Saint Charles, make sure to stop here. It had amazing food and the staff were able to recommend other things as well for sight seeing. This place is the typical bar/ grill place for any family or a group of friends to go to that isn't overpriced and has authentic food.Went during Mardi gras week and had some pretty mediocre watered-down gumbo and a dry fried shrimp po-boy.  Nothing to write home about, but the waitstaff was nice enough and the vibe here is authentic.  I wouldn't make a special trip here, but if you're already on St. Charles, it's decent enough, if a bit overpriced.Came here on a Thursday night with 5ppl, I guess because the waitress, EB, automatically gets 18% gratuity she thought she could do w/e she wanted. My friend asked for cheese on his po-boy it didn't come with it and when he asked about it she had an attitude. My friends salad came with no dressing after she asked for Italian dressing. I specifically asked if the shrimp jambalaya had any other meat in it she told me no its just shrimp then when I get my food there is sausage in it. When I let her no she just grabbed the plate and said well what do you want? Not to mention there was another table of 5 seated after us who ordered after us that got there food 20mins before we did, of course they had a different waitress one that was much more attentive. Not even a sorry. And then she completely messed up our check and then literally threw our change at us!!! The worst experience ever. I would give 0 stars if I could.This is a must go place in New Orleans. Great food. Friendly owners. Authentic place. Try seafood and hamburgers. Open late hours.This place is foul.  The only times I've ever ended up here is after 3 a.m. because my friends were whiny babies.  Drunk and hungry whiny babies.  
Service is always curt and cold.  I get it waitress lady, I would hate dealing with drunk idiots too during these wee hours. but the whole staring at us for several minutes and not making any effort to greet us or instruct us on where to sit is doing it wrong.  
This place feels grimy and moldy - the first time here, we encountered a mutant-sized roach on the windowsill.  He was fearless, that one!  Stared at us the entire time.  I just can't . . . 
I think I was coerced into eating the veggie burger once (allegedly it's the vegan Boca) sans bread and all that.  It was just nuked (I insisted it not be prepared on the griddle with all the meats, I'm still mostly conscientiously vegan when not fully coherent, good for me) and served up with some cold french fries.  My friends usually opted for omelettes and the sort.  None of us ever really enjoy the whole experience, but somehow we kept ending up here - I suppose lack of other Uptown options at 3 a.m.  
Anyway yeah, I guess it's a necessary pit stop if you're in dire need of nourishment after a wicked night of bar hopping and such.  But be forewarned that law enforcement tend to hang out too, so tighten up!Ehh. When you first walk in the door, you get the scent of something like ...old cigarette smoke, baked into the walls over decades.
Service was - okay. Staff cussing amongst each other . Sports TV playing . Traditional fried bar- type foods. 
Dated. Didn't really feel 'clean'.
We had drinks only. They were average.Food was ok. Not all that. The boudin balls could've used more flavoring. This place serves breakfast all day so I got the ham & cheese omelet with grits. The grits were old, I guess from the morning batch. The biscuit was old too. The omelet was just okGreat place to stop for some drunk food on the way home after a night in the FQ. Of course the food is good when you are sober too.  I had the andouille hash browns breakfast the other night and I wasn't drunk and it was delicious!!!my friend and i came here cuz Cooter Browns kitchen was closed. my friend and i enjoyed the neighborhood look and feel of this place.  we were really hungry so we ordered appetizers but to our dismay the 2 dishes that we wanted they were out of (edamame dip and spinach and artichoke dip) so instead we got mozzerela sticks. 
the mozzerela sticks when they came were pretty tasty except it didnt come with marinara sauce which we thought was odd. as an entree my friend ordered the corn beef hash and i ordered the quesidilla. my friends corn beef hash was very chunky not the normal mashed up kind she was used to. she didnt enjoy her meal. my food was fine besides for the underdone potatoes.
when we asked for our check they had charged us for the edamamme and spinach artichoke chip that we never received. we tried to get the attention of our server instead we got the attention of the chef and he promptly voided the charges and gave us the correct bill and apologized for the lack of food supply for the night. kudos chef.
if i return maybe i will try the gigantic spaghetti and meatballs i noticed another patron ordered.So we stumbled upon this place today and decided to go in for breakfast. The service was fine, proprietor was nice enough, but the food was so disappointing. The corned beef had the texture of a sausage, cut in squares, not like brisket. The potatoes were so salty, the grits and gravy for the biscuits were tasteless, really bland. The only decent things were the biscuits and the fried eggs. Good thing NOLA has so many good eateries cause I left most of my food and was ready to continue eating... somewhere else, for sure.We arrived in NOLA late in the evening and went here to grab a bite. We tried the boudin sausage po-boy Sandwich and some beer.  It was very very good! Gotta love 'em Po-Boys! :) 
We ended up going back a few days later for Sunday brunch. We tried the muffaletta with ham and chicken-andouille breakfast. The muffaletta was very good. The chicken-andouille breakfast in my opinion was strictly ok. It was listed as a tavern favourite but I didn't fancy it as much. Thumbs up for the biscuits though :)
This place is open 24/7 and serves breakfast all day all night. The guy who runs the place is real nice and friendly.Love:
- 24 hour bar and restaurant. Perfect for late night food.
- Awesome, big, fluffy omelettes. My friend had the bacon and sausage one and it was probably one of the biggest omelettes I've seen at a restaurant. I had a bite and it was perfect of late night cravings. I had the seafood omelette, and it was stuffed to perfection with crawfish, shrimp, and cheese. It doesn't get better than that.
Hate:
- SLOW SERVICE. We came here 3 times in 7 days, but each time we had to wait over 45 minutes for our food. I don't know if it's their ploy to make us keep buying more and more drinks during our wait, and I know they have a sign that says "BE NICE OR LEAVE!" but it was really straining my patience! They didn't seem to have a lot of cusomters, so the wait was even more maddening!Don't you just love eating late? The food is ok, but the best thing about this place is the atmosphere, and the fact that it is open--always. Do not expect service to be fast, but do expect it to be sassy, and would you have it any other way?8 or 9 years ago I basically lived here... stopped by all the time for a burger and beer, used it as a meeting place after a night out downtown, etc.  I moved out of town for a while and was so excited to return to my favorite old stomping ground when I got back... and was horribly disappointed.  Mediocre food and terrible service.  Just in case, I ordered delivery a few months later.  After ordering a salad and waiting an hour for it to be delivered to a location 3 blocks from the restaurant, I put a call in only to have it answered by a girl I swear was on some sort of hallucinogen.  She screamed a bunch of nonsense into the phone repeatedly then hung up.  So, I waitied a bit and called back, asking to speak to a manager.  They had no reason for my food taking over 2 hours to deliver, and promised to send out another order right away.  After 45 more minutes, I received an order... not mine, just some seemingly random food.  I give up!Late night place with one of the best roast beef poboys and I'm pretty much an expert on roastbeef.Your late night stop for boudin when you have that craving! Great service and right on st charles - stop in for some red beans n rice during mardis gras or anytime of the yearWednesdays and Thursdays are 11.99 ribeye dinner. It is 12oz and very good (probably my favorite steak anywhere), salad is fresh and only a dollar more. I have gotten the seafood gumbo and it is very good. The primanti burger is damn good as well. The service has always been great, 2 nice TVs, reasonably priced, worth the trip.Absolutely horrible. I wanted gumbo and they gave me agua de culo...Ass water!!! The caesar was romaine with mayonnaise. Don't ever go here!Not too bad of a place... Very laid back atmosphere, not usually crowded. The food is a bit above average... Bartenders/servers are very friendly and attentive... The draft beers aren't as cold as I would like. Good for a late night snack...Do not get the po boy here. Does not even look like a po boy that you get at other po boy places. Poorly constructed. The other food looked good that I saw on other people's plates
Also, a older gentleman was not waited on right away and he complained.
Hey st Charles tavern, remember who's name is on your paycheck. The customers nameThis is a nice small place that a friend brought me to last night. I saw the other reviews and was quite skeptical. However it IS bar food and is located in an area where you typically get charged more.If you want fancy food this isn't the place but if you want to eat something because you're drunk it's a great place to go. Service was stellar, bartender whipped up some drinks for a friend and me and she DID NOT skimp on the alcohol. 
Boudin Balls: Delicious! Completely full off of this. Huge boudin balls with a kick, could have eaten as main course. Seriously craving these right now.
Crawfish Pies: Empanada style crust, stuffed with crawfish. Also delicious! Nice big portion.Came with a yummy remoulade sauce.
Bleu Cheese Burger: A simple no frills burger with bleu cheese on top. Came with a choice of baked potato or french fries.Burger is juicy and is of better quality than Mcdonalds or Burger King. French fries are crinkle cut and most likely came from a frozen bag but who cares? #BarFood
Overall I'd be back to order more appetizers! Place has multiple things in different price ranges, overall a teensy tiny bit high but that comes with the location.After having put off dining at this establishment for over 1.5yrs after some sub par experiences I've given it another chance. I was surprised and extremely pleased to have such a hospitable server. Helen was so friendly and charming and really just took care of us and made us feel so at home. We'll be back for Helen.Decided to do some bar-hopping during a recent trip to Nola. They didn't have my first choice of vodka, the second was served with flat club soda and basically tasted like ice water. No bueno. Service was just ok, with a little friendly banter us tourists will part with more of our $$$.Average and what I expected.  Quiet on a Tuesday morning.  Breakfast was good.
The Greek Omlet is good the biscuit was great and loved the grits
The Bloody Mary was yummy 
Would come back againThe food was very good here. I got the biscuits and gravy with a side of eggs and grits. Customer service was decent it wasn't very packed when I went so my waitress was very attentive.  I rated it low because it's a little of he dirty side, which made me not want to eat there at first (after visiting the bathroom). Management should put some TLC into the full experience of the location. It's 24 hours so if ever you're in that area and need a quick bite. Also, very affordable.A dive bar, but who can complain? At least here they do not water down the drinks like they do in the FQ. Staff is always nice, mostly efficient, drinks are cold and reasonably priced. The food has always been good, with the exception being the buffet. But then again, buffets are always hit and miss no matter where you go.Great spot for late night delivery. Had the roast beef Po-boy. Was so big I couldn't finish it. Calling in the order was really simple and delivery was quick. Never been to their location but do recommend the delivery.Soooo, I was on a first date tonight and the biggest roach I have ever seen starts crawling down the wall!!! And everyone else there just kept eating!!  I'm at a loss for words honestlyRed Beans & rice with catfish! Breakfast all day ~ homemade bread pudding! This spot is open 24 hours and the food & service are great. Laid back atmosphere, reasonable prices and good food!! Beverages of your choiceEven though it was 3 a.m., I clearly remember it being AMAZING! The thought of boudin balls and soft shell crab sandwich are making my mouth water and I want to go back(at a reasonable hour).So it's 1am, you've just left the bar, and realize you haven't eaten dinner. What do you do, where do you go? St. Charles Tavern fits the bill. The food is mediocre. Stick with their Breakfast choices. I had an order of grits and crispy bacon. It was good. We had an order of cheese sticks for the table, and I don't know if they were that good or we were that drunk, but we devoured them! Truth, were we closer to Camellia Grill, we would have gone there. Proximity played a role in our late night choice. Our waitress looked like she hated life. Yeah ok, she was pulling the night shift, but come on, a smile won't kill you. (and no, we weren't a table of ridiculous, obnoxious drunks. We were quite nice I think)
Long story short, you need to put something in your belly, St. Charles Tavern will suit. Once again, stick with the breakfast.This seems to be one of those New Orleans staples that I had always wanted to try, but never had the opportunity.
A friend and I stopped in here one night for a bite to eat.  I had never been, but had always wondered about the place.  First of all, I was really impressed by the diverse menu.  Not only do they serve burgers and salad, but they serve breakfast food AND one of my faves, spinach artichoke dip!  We got an order of dip and I had two eggs over easy with bacon and hash browns (which were pretty much just sliced up potatoes).  The food was really good and the eggs were perfectly cooked.  The dip wasn't the best I had ever had, but it did the job and it was served with chips.
I would definitely go back here.  I am a huge fan of any place that serves breakfast food all day (IHOP, Waffle House), so it's always nice to know where to go, if I'm ever in the mood for that kind of thing.We stumbled upon this little place on our first night staying in the Garden District. It has a small, cozy atmosphere which is why we chatted with the other bar patrons.The two for one drinks were nice. We should have taken advantage of the food specials that a number of people told us about. We will make it a priority next time we are in town!It's taken me a couple of weeks to pen this review because, honestly, I've been trying to forget. In a last minute effort to sober up before work in the morning I ordered the "crawfish pie." It was greasy but edible. 
When the check came I noticed the charge was higher than the price on the menu. I notified the waitress, who replied: "That happens" and not much else. I politely requested the manager; what I got was an ordeal.
His eyes at half-mast and slouchy he approached our table. "What's the problem." There's no question mark at the end of that sentence because he never pronounced one. I didn't have the chance to explain before he continued on about Louisiana sales tax. He tried to tell me that the price of my meal was higher because of tax, which was clearly marked under the incorrect price that they charged for food.. The worst part is when he'd finished condescending me, he walked away. He never listened to me or any of us. No offer to fix it. No apology.I got a cheeseburger for $9.25. It was HUGE and it came with lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, and french fries. It was pretty mediocre. My parents each got the 14 oz steak for 11.95.... A great deal! And the steaks were very very good. They came with a baked potato. My brother got a Philly cheesesteak, and he did not like it. He said the meat was dry and you could not taste the cheese. 
The food was pretty mediocre. The service was pretty bad. We all got waters and they were not refilled until we were done with the food, despite some pretty obvious glass waving and slurping. (I know it sounds rude but we were parched!) The lighting in here is very dark and almost gloomy. There were only two waitresses working. When one FINALLY came over to give us more water, she only filled the glasses halfway? I think this was because the rest of the water spilled on our table. One waitress was a klutz, but at least she was dressed decently. The other was wearing a very low cut and very right top.... Not family friendly, if you know what I mean. 
This is a pretty mediocre restaurant.....Worst food I ever had and very over priced for what you get. I had blackened catfish and jambalaya, the jambalaya was horrible. Save your money and don't eat here.If I was drunk on this visit, then they would get 5 stars.  But since I wasn't that drunk..they get 3 stars.  Still good enough to visit again, right?!
A group of us went here around 2:30am after a wedding and a nite of gambling/dancing..whatever.  Mama was hungry and still wanted to drink.  So our buddy suggested this place since they have breakfast, dinner and drinks available at this hour.
Service was excellent.  Our waiter was an older german guy who was just so sweet when taking our order.  Our drinks came out promptly after ordering and they were good.
The place was 3/4 full when my group arrived....so I felt positive about the place.  Food came out and my roast beef sammich was HUGE!  It had gravy on the side and it came with crinkle fries.  The quality of the roast bf sammy is like shredded brisket on top of a flaky french bread.  My only complaint is that it did not come with mayo, lettuce and tomatoes like a traditional NOLA Roast Beef Poboy.  But the flavor was really good and the portion was huge.
Others got stuff like breakfast items - eggs, bacon, toast and what not.  One buddy got the chicken fried steak and he didn't care for it too much.  That portion was even smaller than my sammy!
I was craving grits so I got a side order of grits with butter.  It was good.  I ate that instead of my crinkle fries....the guys ate the fries for me.
The restroom is atrocious.  As you walk to the ladies room, you can sorta see the kitchen...and the last thing you want to do is see a dirty kitchen before you eat their food.  But that's what I saw.
Oh well...I was hungry and was craving my NOLA fix...so I still ate my food and it was good.....yum!Friendly staff and pretty quick service. Gumbo just ok, but convenient place to stop and a great location no doubt.
I needed a quick supper in the Lower Garden District and decided to pop in to St. Charles Tavern. It was a slow night which worked to my advantage because the service was quick and friendly.
Not being overly hungry, I ordered a bowl of gumbo on the recommendation of the encouraging waitress who announced that "it's the reason everyone comes here." Honestly, I can't imagine making a special trip for the gumbo: It was nice and somewhat flavorful but the seafood was overcooked and not so generous in portion to boot.
A quick glance at one of the chalkboards had promised $2 drafts or something like that. Apparently that didn't apply to MY drafts, as I had two that totted up to a total of $8. I should have asked the waitress to clarify beforehand, but maybe she should have pointed out that the sign didn't apply to everything on tap, regardless, I've been around long enough to know better than make assumptions.
All in all, I will go back, especially given that St. Charles Tavern is a greatly improved option over the fast food joints that populate the area.Hey, St Charles Tavern. I've been dying to try you, due to you being one of the only beacons of late night drunchie food. I came here with my girlfriend last night, sadly not drunk, but both of us hungry and tired. Our wonderful (I don't use this word lightly) waitress was totally cool and got us our food stat. She was nice, funny, and attentive without being overbearing. I have gotten worse service at Commander's (I am not kidding here).
We finally got our food. Breakfast food, because it was 10 pm and we had a craving for breakfast food, and St Charles Tavern is effing awesome and does breakfast 24/7. I got an omelette with grits and biscuit. Yeah, skip the grits. But the biscuit? Good lawd. The omelette? If I hadn't been so stuffed from their insanely addictive cheese fries (oh yeah, we went there), I would have shoveled that omelette down my throat in an extremely unladylike fashion.
Oh yeah, and my Abita Amber draft was $4. Cool. You deserved the extra tip, waitress, and St Charles Tavern, I shall be utilizing your services more often in the future.Late Sunday evening and my friend and I could no longer ignore our grumbling stomachs. What to eat? My previous experiences with NOLA taught me that a lot of the good places are closed on Sundays, and my friend and I were not in the mood to hit the French Quarter. Is there even a good place open at this time? Are we to resign ourselves to... to.. FAST FOOD? In New Orleans?!?  *gasp*
Driving down St. Charles Avenue, I saw a Popeyes and prepared myself to accept defeat. We were VERY hungry and it was late. But no, St. Charles Tavern -- open 24 hours -- was there to the rescue! It was as though New Orleans were telling me, "No, no, dear lady, you must not partake of Popeyes -- you can save that for when you are back in California and missing me. You must enjoy my excellent cuisine at all times while you are in my turf ." Hurray!
St. Charles is quite a small place. But we went when there were only a few people in there so it didn't feel crowded at all. The waitress was friendly and was quite quick. And we only waited a few minutes after being seated to get our food.
We ordered the boudin poboy and  the chicken and andouille hash. The boudin poboy was really rather tasty. My friend let me have a few bites and I liked it so much that I gave my friend my best puppy dog look until he gave up one of the boudin balls. It was that delicious!  The chicken and andouille hash was really very good, too. The spice was just so that my always spice-craving palate was satisfied without having me gulp water with every bite. Both the poboy and the hash were huge and we barely finished half of our orders. 
Next time I am back in New Orleans, looking for late night munchies, and do not want to be in the French Quarter, I will be going back to St. Charles Tavern for more of their delicious food.I couldn't believe the burger that was served to me and my friends when we arrived one evening. We were hungry and I remembered the food being decent from previous visits. It wasn't that late in the evening so I was surprised that it took as long as it did which wouldn't have been so bad in and of itself. But the bun was cold and the burger was dry as if it had been cooked before and was reheated for the order. If I wouldn't have been so hungry and waited so long, I would have sent it back after one bite. Very dissappointing and as a result would not recommend them. When a business can't get the basic burger right, something is wrong. Friendly people but lousy on the service and the kitchen needs to whipped into shape. Adam, are you listening? Your kitchen staff is sending out inferior product.I had read quite a few reviews before patronizing this establishment and though wary, I still decided to go...what an utter failure in judgment on my part :(.
My daughter and I sat down and realized immediately that the table was dirty, not a good sign in a COMPLETELY EMPTY restaurant, but the server brought our silverware and I used my napkin to wipe up the table.  We opened the menu and were shocked to find out that the menu they have listed on their website is NOT the menu they have in house.  They have no pizzas, calzones, more than half of their appetizers are non-existent, no salad choices, or tavern favorites.  Additionally, the reason why my daughter wanted to go was for the breakfast pizza, which they ultimately did not have either.
We ordered an appetizer of chili and cheese fries and while the REAL cheese was the standout on the dish, the French fries were soggy and the chili, while house made was a salt bomb and not very appetizing.
I wanted to leave at this point, but it was getting late and we were already there, so against my better judgment we ordered from the "breakfast" menu.  My daughter ordered the fruit salad and while tasty it was just like any other fruit salad, a mixture of fresh fruit containing apples, blackberries, strawberries (they were outstanding), and orange segments.  
I on the other hand, took a leap and ordered the corned beef hash, and while it did look good, the taste was not at all what I was expecting.  I was expecting actual corned beef, but what I received were little cubes of over cooked DELI corned beef lunchmeat that tasted suspiciously like I would anticipate dog food to taste like and though the potatoes were quite good, I could not get past the corned beef.  Fortunately for me they removed that from my bill and I ended up paying for two eggs and a rubbery biscuit.
There were two high points to the visit, they use REAL cheese and they have REAL butter, not something I was expecting from such a dive, but the bright points could not outweigh the complete failure on the part of the food and while service was adequate, we were the only people in the place at the time so it would stand to reason they would cater to us.  I will not go back to this place.Catfish with red beans and rice... omg... I have dreams about you...
Catfish this side of the Mississippi just isn't the same (I live in CA)... 
We were on our way back from the Garden District, in need of a bathroom and some food... we decided to get off the trolley and eat here... so glad we did!
Our waitress was very nice and helpful when asked what her suggestions were in regards to food.
The best part of this moment in dining splendor was when the cop came in with a pint of ice cream. He ordered a steak and ate it too... in addition to his ice cream... hahahaha...Still some of the best cajun food in the garden district IMHO.
I had the soft shell crab sandwich on ciabatta bread with a salad.  It was fried divinely & had a great sauce.  Fast & efficient & ON POINT!
My friend had the crab cake benedict with fried taters.  I'd never seen this before & it was great... basically the crab cake replaced the english muffin & ham ;)It's an Old Original Tavern taking care of locals.24 hour bar is the reason,maybe,not being for children but is loaded with history & carries quite the character.Service,for breakfast,is excellent.a must stop for a late night snack or early breakfast, depending upon how you look at it.  I always love the food here, open all night.Currently staying around the corner from here and was very happy to see they serve breakfast all day. Had the biscuits and gravy yesterday and the chicken fried steak today. I'll go back tomorrow for something different.Food average
Service slow but friendly
Can't beat live music with breakfast
(prohibition jazz & blues)I wish I could give less than 1 star as this does not even warrant that.  Ordered food for delivery and the steak was not even fit for my dogs to eat.  It was a slab of raw fat that looked like it had been tossed on the grill long enough to make it look edible. Have ordered from them in the past and never had this experience but will NEVER order from them again.  I called to speak to a manager and was told no manager was there.  That may be the root of the issue.. poor management or in this case no management means substandard service.I've returned to St. Charles Tavern a few times over the past couple of years, and overall I've been more disappointed than not. Service suffers greatly when there are even a handful of people in the tavern, so you'll be waiting for refills, etc., even when it isn't extremely busy. Moreover, on St. Patrick's Day they cancelled the steak special with absolutely no notice (I was only told about it after I'd ordered an overpriced glass of wine that must have been 80 degrees). 
The steak special is still a good deal, but they use any excuse to limit it without notice, and the rest of their food isn't worth the price. With Trolley Stop having returned to 24/7, there's really not much reason to go here.Got a sandwhich at 4 am during mardis gras in like 45 minutes. I'm a happy camper... huge delicious roast beef poboy me and my girlfriend split... little slow service no drink refills..... but wwwaayyy better than I expected for a late night drunk spot. I'll be back fo sure!I can't imagine New Orleans without the St. Charles Tavern.  Anytime of the day or night it is a great place to eat.I've been here three or four times. The first time, I was served sour shrimp pasta and got a Philly instead. So I just try to stay away from the seafood there now. The Philly was delicious though. I've had the crawfish pies which were good as well. Most recently I got the chicken and andouille hash which was very good. I love that they are a 24 hr sit down restaurant. They have a a wide variety of menu items. The service is good as well. I know I'll be backDined in and was told they delivered all uptown and everywhere before canal st. 
After constantly having st. charles tavern late night craving, I decided to stay in and order delivery, they took the whole oder and after 20 minutes they called saying they don't deliver this far and we stay a block before canal st. very upsetting.Holy Moly, worst jambalaya I've ever had.  Tasted like rice and tomato sauce.  I should have just gone to the grocery and bought a box of Zatarain's.  Ugh.  Prices aren't particularly expensive, but paying anything for food so terrible is too much.  The bartender was nice enough, but drinks were extremely weak.  In a city of amazing food and strong cocktails, there is no reason to set foot in the place if it isn't four am.Love the breakfast here! Thick cut bacon & the hash brown potatoes  Can't wait to come back !Full disclosure: This review is solely for customer service, as I cannot currently comment on the quality of the food.
The website for the Tavern claims that they offer delivery "citywide," so I placed an order online for some lunch.  After my credit card had already been charged,  I received a phone call telling me that their driver was having an emergency and that delivery was temporarily unavailable.  This was not a problem for me; I asked if I could simply leave the order open and they could deliver the food when the situation had been remedied, and I was told that that would be fine.
Later, I received another call, this time telling me that they wouldn't be able to deliver my food because the delivery driver would not be able to find parking on the street.  I informed them that I have a driveway at my home, so street parking is not an issue, but the woman just kept saying "we're not going to deliver, we're not going there."  It was clear that she had made up her mind, and no amount of accommodation would make any difference.
Basically, my time was wasted when it didn't need to be, and the person I spoke with was, in my opinion, simply being contrary for contrariness' sake. Don't deliver unless you can park your car?  Fine, but then, if I say you can park in my driveway, you now sound silly when you still won't come.  Don't deliver to a particular area, no matter what the parking situation?  That's fine, too, but don't advertise on your website that you'll deliver anywhere in the city, because that's a lie.Refused to deliver during the early morning of mardi gras saturday.  News flash, the restaurant is not even within 4 miles of any parade route!  Unbelievable how they blow off customers on the phone.This place is a great late night location...sub par lunch, should not be considered for dinner, and a good breakfast spot. 
I eat late night, like 4-5am late night and the best thing to get is their calzones...they are by no means an italian place but if you go this is what you should get or breakfast.
I ate there most recently for lunch, I ordered a Cobb Salad, the avocado was super old, the tomatoes seemed old and mushy. Thankfully I had ample amount of dressing to drown out the taste and texture of some just recently expired food that as in front of me. 
The service there has always been great, they are super friendly and quick to refill your drink...
But quality of food is where they are lacking, so stick to calzones, and breakfast and you cannot fail, venture outside those orders and its a guessing game.This food was good the first day.  I had the seafood platter.  However we went back.  The food was so salty.  The teacwasctoo sweet.  The host said , well this is New Orleans.   Really Nola is know for salt????  What a disappointment.   Definitely won't be back.Here we are...party of 10 ready to pay for food   Restaurant not full. Told ruldely hour & 1/2 wait. No reason. They were happy to see us leave. Not coming back.I didn't eat here, just had a few beers at the bar. Lady Bartender was really sweet and attentive. Young crowd of mostly friendly locals. Clean place, great environment to hang out and chat with friends.Wednesdays and Thursdays are steak night.  $11.95 for a ribeye dinner.Wow...talk about having mixed reviews...
I have eaten here several times before, mostly in the late night/early am hours and have never really had any of the problems others seem to have here. 
And if you are expecting fine New Orleans dining here, well, you won't. But you will find decent food and a decent price and a nice portion of it too. 
I just had the crab cakes benedict with a side of bacon. And it wasn't that bad. I went early this past sunday morning and left satiated and happy. Much shorter wait when compared to a typical Slim Goodies, for some greasy, yummy, let me go back to bed food. 
Our service wasn't bad, and like I've said, decent food.We were here over the weekend. We were tired of the hotel free breakfasts and felt like something a little heartier. My partner saw this place from the street when coming back to the hotel one day and thought it looked worthy of a visit. We arrived about 8:45am on a Sunday and were promptly seated. There were three people working the tables/bar, but they all seemed to cover everything so that nothing got covered that well, i.e. asking for the check took a long time and then getting someone to pick it up took even longer. We ordered a side salad, eggs sunny side up with hash browns, an omelet, and a stack of the chocolate chip pancakes, and coffee. The coffee was pretty good, as was the food. The main issue with the food, though, is that we think they lost our order because we got served well after others who ordered after us and the omelet which we got was not the one we ordered...luckily it was good and we were hungry! The best thing, though, for us was the live keyboardist and singer. Both were great.My waitress put my order in, left the restaurant to give another customer a BJ (maybe even a BBBJ) in the parking lot next door, and returned in time to reapply her lipstick and serve my food. 
Everything else pales in comparison. 
Accessibility notes: Step up into the restaurant. Steps to the restroom. Small restrooms with no ventilation. Tables are crowded together. No braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours.It's open 24/7, so right there I like this place already since I keep strange and varying hours.  My first time there I had the Corn Beef Hash.  DELICIOUS!  The second time I had the Andouille Sausage Hash.  It was good, but not even close to the corn beef version.  Other items on the menu that I've tried include the Roast Beef Po-Boy (4 stars) and the Chicken Fried Steak (3-1/2 stars).  
I'm a big fan of the Tavern because the food is always fresh and freshly made.  As newcomer to the City, this has quickly become my default option if I need something that's delicious and filling.  The wait staff is cool and the people who patronize this restaurant represent wide range of folks from all over the city, including tourists.  All in all, it's my kind of place.Eggs Benedict here are very tasty.
The owner is a nice old fella and the blonde Russian bartender is not only cute, but quick to refill drinks and fun to watch dance. 
Juke box is affordable at 3 songs a buck.
Open 24 hours. Enjoy!I've visited St Charles Tavern only two or three times and every time I say I will never go back, but this time I MEAN IT. The wait staff is disorganized, understaffed, and will cop an attitude at the drop of a hat. Several tables got up and left while we were there because no one came to help them. Several other diners got tired of even waiting to be seated! My omelette was cold, bland and unpalatable. The soggy biscuit that came with it wasn't even worth looking at. Oh, and did I mention that we waited an hour for this terrible food? Seriously, NEVER AGAIN. St Charles Tavern is so bad, I joined Yelp just so that I could write this review!Ok, this was the only place we could find open on Thanksgiving morning. And it stunk. Waited an hour for our meal and honestly, the glass of water was the best part. The eggs were not cooked, the potatoes were cold, the server would not make eye contact.  Really, how can you screw up breakfast?   Apparently you can! Bad, bad, bad.  I would not go there again...even if it was the only place open. In a city known for its good food this is unacceptable.I'm upset I got kicked out and told I was going to get the police called on me because I told a story about how wonderful I got treated when I was growing up in my hometown.. I was the token white child. I won an award when I graduated 6th grade.. best friend award.. my best friends used to  call me the horrible N word... it wasn't horrible! I fit in with my best friends! 
Really! The person working there was a snowflake millennial ! I was talking about how all my best friends were black growing up in Lynwood!  He got offended because I just said the N word and being a white person! I thought it was a not a problem as it can be a term of affection if you are black!  My best friends called me that! And they were black! That meant I fit in and was part of the family, I had many dinners with my best friends that are of color! I'm sorry. I think he is racist, just because he  got offended over a word... I was proud to be included with my friends. Chill out!Just a short walk from our hotel. Hearty breakfast. Like the window seat. Open 24hrs. Full bar. Could use a bit more seasoning in the gravy for the biscuits and gravy.The crab cakes are amazing! Stopped here for lunch because it was one block away from my hotel. I was so impressed with the quick service and delicious food that I returned later that evening for Steak Night. Can't beat a $12 ribeye! I'll definitely be back.This place was great! Showed up at 3am some time and was able to get in and have a beer! What! 3am and serving beer! Yes! I could get more drunk. Anyways ordered the blue cheese burger, it was huge! And delicious. Friend got the bacon burger equally awesome. Highly recommend!I used to go there often and it was always good. The last three times it was a little worse each time but I figured everybody is entitled to an off day. I went there today (5/24/17) at about 6:30 pm. There was only one guy drinking beer at the bar which should have told me something. I ordered three fried eggs which comes with 2 sausages and toast, a bowl of gravy, grits, and a beer. I didn't want the sausage and asked if I could substitute the gravy for the sausage. No, so I paid extra for gravy. When the meal finally arrived It was barely warm, the beer was warmer than the eggs. There was one piece of toast for three fried eggs plus a bowl of gravy, not even a spoon so I could at least eat the gravy straight out of the bowl. This fairly basic meal cost me about $15. The bartender / waitress was anything but  accommodating and I will spare the details of the bathroom, which I suppose reflects on the rest of this restaurant. Never again.This is a family owned business and the people there I found were quite nice. I've eaten at the restaurant once and the service was fine. Then again, I didn't go on a night when it was crowded. 
I like St. Charles because it is open 24 hrs. I have gotten food delivered quite often late at night. They have always been quick 30 min, maybe 40 min. I love their boudin balls. They have great American food. I ordered the french toast when I went to the restaurant and it was pretty good. They usually give big portions.The atmosphere in this restaurant is probably my favorite in the city. I dined here with my girlfriend recently and WOW! The service was great. The staff friendly and attentive. Not to mention the chef's specials were dynamite. I'm partial to the BBQ shrimp sandwich and the Shrimp and corn grits.  Be sure to check out the chalk board when you come in. Also some favorites from the regular menu are the seafood plate and they also make a great burger.  Plus who doesn't love the appeal of breakfast all day.  In the 24 hour game SCT comes out on top every time.Cajun egg breakfast is Amazing!! If your in the area and looking for a casual environment to get done quality food at a good price don't be afraid to check St. Charles Tavern out.Ate dinner here one night. Very low key, we walked right in and bellied up to the bar. Not much beer on tap, but that's okay because other than Bud, Abita is the beer of choice and it's a light enough amber/brown beer to hold up to the NOLA heat.
I ate the boudin po'boy. Totally huge, but very tasty. I could only eat half of it, but it was a very flavorful half. The boudin was nicely seasoned with a little kick of spice. The french fries were heavily seasoned as well.
My husband ordered the soft shell crab sandwich served on ciabatta bread and came with a romaine/red onion/roma tomato side salad. He thoroughly enjoyed the sandwich.
Glad we came here for dinner. It was a nice and relaxing place to eat, didn't feel rushed, and left stuffed.Cozy little tavern open 24/7 . Great eggs sausage and grits. Coffee was hot food was good service was great. Place was Fairly empty when we got there but several customers showed up while we were waiting on meal. Service was pretty quick. Our waitress was friendly and helpful with the menu choices.Well my aunt and I arrived to NOLA for the first time yesterday. We weren't sure exactly what we wanted to eat, we just know we wanted good food that we could only find in New Orleans. We came across this spot and we were not disappointed. I had the shrimp po boy with fries and it was delicious. My aunt had the seafood platter and her food was great as well. The serving sizes were nice and we didn't have any food leftover. I highly recommend this place!The fish and burgers was really good. Giving this 2 stars mainly because the service was absolutely horrible. Had to refill our own drinks, boudin balls came out cold and waitress offered no apologies at all. Will not be back.This place does not get the credit it deserves. I came here for breakfast and it was amazingggg. Their biscuits are so soft. I ordered the omelette with potatoes and biscuit. They were a bit busy when I arrived but the lady attending us was very quick with getting our drinks and order in. She would come and refill our coffees as soon as she saw us needing more. Overall the food was very delicious and their portions were big. Big thumbs up!$30 for cold cheese fries and sandwiches....Placed an order for delivery and was told it would be delivered within the hour, an hour 40 minutes later our food arrived. The  French fries and sandwiches  were cold and soggy..I ordered the corn beef sandwich was good but would have been better not soggy and my friend ordered shrimp po'boy which was terrible!Because they were jerks at Slice, we decided to venture here for lunch and I'm glad we did. The service was wonderful and we cut up with the ladies who were quite festive in their Mardi Gras attire.  I wasn't fond of the boudin balls but the omelet and country potatoes were awesome.We were recommended here by our hotel lobbyist. (25%) off bill if you mentioned staying there. Bloody Mary's were great! The mimosas not so much. The breakfast food was really good. Chicken and Andouille hash was seasoned very well. The only thing I would change is the size of the potatoes. They were a little too big compared to the size of everything else. The veggie omelette and the southern omelette was very good as well. 
The only real negative thing I can say are the bathrooms are terrible. Both my mother and boyfriend went to use them and both came back saying how gross they were. Woman's door wouldn't lock, a man walked in on her lol..they were both good sports about it. The small hall to get to the bathrooms smelled awful as well. Thankfully that didn't reach into the dining area. 
Overall, it was a nice little place to cure a hangover! LolBest cheese steak I have ever had! Meat was super tender and so flavorful. Awesome place for late night bar food! Loved that they are open 24 hours and were right across the street from our hotel. Ate here multiple times.Now this is a drunk chick's dream. The breakfast and the burgers are all good. Very low key,  nobody judges you for reading the menu upside down! The food is good,  consistent,  and quick. Go try it!Having lived in New Orleans for several years now, my fist venture to the tavern was bittersweet.  The food was pretty good - not for your health, but your mouth and stomach won't raise any objections (i.e. it probably won't make your annual Christmas letter...and if it does you might want to think about having some bigger life changes).  The service was surprisingly good - especially for coming in at a non-dinner or lunch hour.  That alone earns it three stars in my book.  The fact that you can get this literally anytime takes it up another notch.  
Think about it - you're nephew is getting baptized on a Tuesday morning and you don't want to show up on an empty stomach.  Or your tether-ball team has an emergency meeting at 4am to discuss changes in uniform regulations and you are in charge of snacks. Or even if you can only feast by the light of a full moon, you are still in luck!  The point is, no matter the day, hour, or amount of local were-thing activity, you should go here and consume stuff.
In spite of this awesomeness, when I was eating I was a little sad- I was upset that I hadn't been here sooner!Awesome late night spot. We went here twice during our visit for a late night meal and it was great both times. Highly recommend the boudin balls and the softshell crab po boy!Horrible food and horrible management. I tried numerous times to be a part of my community and support local business but this place is the worst. Bad service and horrible food. If you want to vomit stop in and ask for the trashy management and food.I hadn't been here in a decade until April 2016, went I went twice in the span of a week (both times late night-oddly both sober). I had decent memories of my experiences back in the day, perhaps the place was better run, I was intoxicated, or my expectations have changed....perhaps its a combination. The first time on this visit I went in, I sat at the bar and ordered a roast beef po boy. There were two tables (combined six customers) plus me at the bar, so it was not busy. One bartender, two servers on,  and whatever kitchen staff they had. I waited and I waited.After about 15 minutes three guys came in and sat at the bar with me,ordered food and received it 10 minutes later. At the 25 minute mark I was ready to roll out. The bartender got a vibe from me and I watched him go to the Posi system (one I'm familiar with) and I watched him open up a screen to my tab and realize he never finished sending my order to the kitchen! Instead of walking towards me and explaining to me the mistake he made ( it happens-that I understand) he walked the other way and hung out at the other end of the bar, no explanation/no apology. I walked out. Thankfully Lucky's is open 24 hours, the bartender took my burger and tater tot order and I watched him put my burger on the grill from my bar seat.
A couple days later I figured I would try again (life is about second chances right). Service wasn't anything spectacular again and although the same bartender did remember to send my order, when I got my food it was pretty lackluster. Maybe I've outgrown this type of place, I love a good late night diner/even greasy spoon, but unfortunately I can't recommend this place. Hope they turn things around, great location, great hours, it would be great to be able to patronize it again without hesitation.Great: Open 24 Hours
Not Great: I never got my food. Throughout the hour after our table ordered, we saw several patrons who sat after us (3 tables by my count) order and receive their food. Several times we asked the waiter what progress had been made, and each time we were given assurances it would be coming soon. After an hour of waiting, we asked if we could get our food or at least the check for our coffee. The waiter replied that we could just leave. "Don't worry about the coffee." Thanks, bud. Really gracious of you.Terrible service! Terrible inspection scores! Ordered the boudin balls and they were subpar at best! Won't suggest these. Waiting 45 mins for food and ended up canceling the order and leaving.Best gumbo I've ever had, snarky bartender (nice to us because we were nice to him, a rude guy did not get the same treatment and it was wonderful to witness) and such amazing food. Favorite spot now in NOLA!!!A typical NOLA bar with decent local/bar food.
Ate here because it was walking distance from our AirBNB.  Nothing fancy.  Place was almost empty about 9pm Monday.  Not a great beer menu, but the food was OK.  Nothing spectacular, but this is a 24 hour place so adjust your expectations.  Server was very nice and the food/drinks were prompt.
Bottom line, not a place I'd go if it was early in the evening and I wanted some good food and atmosphere.  This is more nice neighborhood dive bar with always available food.Service was slow and I saw a waitress drop the ice scoop on the floor and return it to the ice bin without washing it.Last trip to NO, took family mothers day morning. Loved the waitress and food excellent. Went back twice for take out and FOOD SUCKED. when I asked about changes was told ownership changed and bar maid rolled her eyes. I won't RECCOMEND this place anymore. Go to TROLLEY STOP down the block. Foods better.It's a cool place for late night eats, menu was decent and the server was nice. Shrimp on the seafood platter was kinda small, but like I said don't expect to much, it's like a late night dive to get drinks and food.Really tasty breakfast and coffee. Friendly attentive service. Big portions. Easy to get to on the St Charles line streetcar.Tameka our bartender was great!  She was very informative on the area & friendly.  The streetcar was packed like sardines so this was the perfect place to grab a drink & wait for a less full car as you can see it through the window.  The food looked great also.  
Really enjoyed walking the area which is beautiful & the St Charles streetcar takes you on a wonderful tour of the mansions with enormous lush trees.  Will definitely be back to enjoy food & the ride again.The worst establishment I've visited...the building is rundown and in desperate need of renovation and the food is sub standard at best...the service also leaves alot to be desired,  me and the other 4 members of my party weren't even greeted. Overall, 
dont bother....The service is terrible. I've been a server in my life and I could handle 6 tables at a bit more serious restaurant. We waited 15-20 min to order our food, while they ignored us and did unnecessary things.  The place is dirty. You can eat anywhere else in NO and it would be better and worth the wait. I guess the streetcar one is better than this one. Ughh
I gave them a 2nd star cause they are open 24 hrsOMG!!! I just got robbed at this restaurant...I am fairly certain the manager and waitress were in on it.  Do not go to this restaurant.  I am a very big fan of New Orleans, but it is places like this that will continue to keep the city down.Highly recommend the boudin balls and fried catfish! The crab cakes are very good also. Good location, right off of St. Charles Street. It is right next to the street car so easy to get on and head to the french quarter. Owners are very nice!The food was amazing! I truly recommend this restaurant. Service was great too! Cute little place!I had the boudin balls. Yum! And Branson was a great bartender. I'm sad I don't live here. But I will be back!This place is the vibe. Ate here 3 times spread out between 2 days. Very local spot with extremely friendly service (Branson/Maya). The best corned beef hash I think I've ever had. All the servers are so welcoming and always make sure you have everything you need. Definitely coming back here next time I visit NOLA, and recommending it to all my friends. Would give it a 6, but am only allowed 5 stars. CheersTerrible service and mediocre food. Only reason I ate her was because the serve breakfast.I am in love with this tavern! A delicious bloody Mary to start off with. Fantastic service (Jean-Luc)! The first time I've had Seafood Gumbo and I'm in love! Wonderful Seafood Platter with catfish, shrimp and crab cake. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the bathroom facilities.What a nice surprise to find a breakfast menu in a tavern.  While the service was slow by Tamaki, the overall experience was nice.  Was disappointed in the corned beef hash, as it was potatoes with chunks of corned beef, much of which was grisly.  The eggs were prepared as ordered and the fruit was fresh.  A fun experience in a very local tavern, making the ambiance very eclectic.Ok so last night after work, I stopped in once again, but this time decided to go for the cheeseburger.  Wow....what a great burger. Juicy buts charred just enough to give you that flame broiled taste.  Baked potato left a little to be desired, but that is a common thing at alot of restaurants so I not going to give them too much flack there.  Bravo, St. Charles Tavern, you've impressed me again
4.5 stars and of course, I will come backA good choice for late night in NOLA and I'll definitely take it over a Rally's, Lucky Dog's or McDonalds. 
I got the crayfish pasta when I went. Much better than I expected after reading some reviews on here. A friend got the Boudin ball Poboy, also excellent. Actually, everyone at our table enjoyed their meal immensely. Maybe we came on a good night?
I gave it 3 stars because of the wait which did take forever. I expected it since it's a bar as well and they want you to order drinks as you wait but I was the only one who got a drink and I only had one. It was a Rum and Coke by the way made with a New Orleans Spiced Rum and was one of the best I've had. Anyway, it took about 30-45 minutes and we were the only ones there getting food. The only other table there was just drinking coffee.Breakfast is delicious ! Service was attentive and prompt. Coffee was brewed to perfection. A round of mimosas is a must! My friends and I enjoyed every bite of our order. Oooh and the biscuit is soft and warm... must have !Best Bloody Mary, they are using their own mix and any food that I tried was so tastyService can be way too slow.  Open 24 hrs.  The specials are usually the way to go.  Definitely hit or miss...but when it's 4 am you could certainly do worse.  i HAVE had some awesome meals here...but no guarantees.  Also saw Allen Toussaint eating here once!Hungry after 11 pm? Well call them up. It wouldn't necessarily be my first option if it was before 11 pm but with that being said we need this place to keep its doors open. I personally would rather eat here than your other option along Saint Charles like, McDonald's (YUCK) ALWAYS FRIENDLY TO SERVICEBest gumbo around. No wonder the recipe is as old as this landmark. 24/7 open. Bloody is best on St Charles. Food great ... 1 star off for decor & having to watch trivia on TV. Very inexpensive.So was hoping to get typical post quarter drinking bar food. Ordered chicken fingers and mozzarella  sticks off the appetizer menu hoping to take some home. Thrilled when they arrived at my table along with my friends chicken fried steak.  Took one small bite of a tender (thankfully) cause I was looking at raw chicken on remainder of said tender.  Seriously how do you undercook a effing chicken tender?
Worse when I call over our waitress (pleasant and attentive)  she had a look of oh shit it happened again. My bill was comped but I'm mad I'd didn't even try the mozzarella sticks to see how bad they were prepared.
1 star cause beer was cold.Let  Me  Tell  You 
Go here get that rib eye on weds and the breakfast eggs and potatoes then the sweet tea Or Half And half  my goodness My siblings and I were so pleased I asked to speak to the cooks responsible and they were awesomeNothing fancy but the food was quite delicious and the service was redeeming. Everyone was satisfied with their orders. The waitress informed us the chicken would be dark meat instead of breasts as described on the menu, but we appreciated the heads up. The Southwestern Quesadilla Omelette was delicious. When one in our party was unsatisfied with his meal because it wasn't to his taste, they took it off the menu. Thank you!Hmmm well my friend goes to the restroom and a ceiling tile falls on him injuring his shoulder...then the bartender (who is drunk as a skunk) tells the customers next to us to move to the back of the restaurant because there are less drive-bys there...  wtf??!!   Needless to say we will not return..I have been going to St. Charles Tavern for 25+ years. The breakfast omelette a re awesome and the chicken fried steak is to die for. My wife had a burger that put Port-o-call to shame. Enjoy the bloody Mary's and cold beer because it's hard to beat. Quality is consistent no matter what time you are there. Did I mention that they are open 24/7??Really good breakfast. It's the most important meal for me, and it place reached the expectations. I loved the potatoes. Highly recommended. And the waitress is really kind.I ordered a salad and the owner didn't make my order correctly. I had a chicken salad and he had forgotten my chicken. I called back and told him that it was incorrect and he told me that I had to walk back and my chicken would be ready. So I walk back and he tells me that I have to wait. I said that I wanted my money back and he said that I couldn't get it back that I HAD to take it. He was rude and out of line and told the worker there (a nice guy) to get me out of there! I am not sure what was his issue, but I will NEVER go back there NOR will I tell any one to go there.Stopped for a quick bite and sat at the bar. We got the seafood plate and a side salad. The food was just ok. The shrimp was a bit too salty and the fish lacked flavor. The sauces were good and the fries were good. Brandon kept our drinks full and was very attentive and friendly. Great bartender, nice that it's open 24 hours!The drinks are strong and cheap! All the staff we interacted with were friendly and helpful with recommendations on other things to do as well. They were walking distance from our hotel so we went a couple times during our stay. The corn beef hash was delicious as well as the boudin balls.I wouldn't bother with this place, unless you need to eat in the middle of the night. 
First off, I went to washed my dirty Mardi Gras hands, and the bathroom was pretty gross. That certainly started me on the wrong foot. The food was just okay... We shared the shrimp po boy and red beans and rice with catfish. The po boy came with a good amount of shrimp but was pretty greasy. The catfish was actually my favorite part, and the red beans and rice could've used more flavor. The service was great, the young woman server was very friendly. 
All in all, definitely a dive bar, so the focus is not necessarily on the food.St Charles Tavern has a pretty nice set up for healthcare workers. They do an AM Happy Hour for night shift workers. I stopped by once and got some dirt cheap mimosas and bloody Mary's! You have to have an ID & be in uniform/scrubs though!
Not only are they one of the few late night delivery service, their burgers are delicious. The patty is cooked to your liking. I usually prefer medium-rare but order medium if I am having it delivered. I also ask for fries (extra crispy) instead of the baked potato. Back to the burger though, the meat is just so tender and flavorful! Definitely my go to when I am craving a burger at work.
Oh yeh, & they have a steak special on Wednesday too. My workplace got them to deliver it a few times but they changed it to dine in only. I believe it's 12$? Wish they would continue to have the special for delivery!Let me start by saying just pass this place by.   I apologize, but there is no reason that a giant cockroach should be trying to crawl slowly down the wall to my table. We then told the Manager or Employee's on that shift, using a nice tone and everyone seemed very nonchalant as if roaches crawl up to the customers or on tables all the time. They then suggested we move to another table so we did. We know that NOLA is close to water, yet we've never had this happen in NONE OF THE RESTAURANTS WE'VE BEEN IN ALL OVER NEW ORLEANS AND THE SURROUNDING AREAS. THE STAFF APPEARED UPSET WITH US OVER MAKING THE STATEMENT AND OR REPORT TO THEM IN PRIVATE. WE DID NOT TRY AND EMBARASS THEM IN FRONT OF THEIR OTHER CUSTOMERS. Also there was a girl behind the bar who was the waitress and the barhop I suppose. She kept us waiting and never inquired with us about needing anything else at all until our meal was up.  We literally went up to the bar and just stood and looked and waited for her to get off of the phone, to take our money.  I was very upset my Husband wanted to compensate them for the whole bill. FOOD WAS MEHHH- NAHHHH- NOT WORTH IT.. ON TOP OF NASTY ATTITUDES, AND FREAK ACCIDENTS OF RODENTS RUNNING ALL OVER A DARK PLACE. PLEASE PASS... NOLA HAS TO MANY OTHER UP TO STANDARD OTHER PLACES TO CHOOSE FROM THAT ARE LATE NIGHT OR 24/7. I'll put a list up if you guys want me to.  If you feel there's nothing else you can find and your hungry......Go to Ihop or Waffle House......or a fast food restaurant and ask them to please make you something hot to go if they don't mind.I was initially excited when I saw the words 'open 24 hours' on the side of the building.I was again excited when I ordered a cocktail and it was only $6.50 with top shelf liquor..the bartender made SURE that I knew I was getting top shelf liquor.He was a friendly guy.I did not tip during the first round because I wanted to add the tip to my credit card....my drinks went down hill from there.I've experienced that before...give the customers good Strong drinks,then water em down.....drinking is like a hobby,so I know my drinks and unfortunately,they were not good after the first round..maybe,I'll learn to tip after each drink.
The environment is o.k. kinda boring for a bar..very low(if any) music playing...very few customers.Ok, maybe I'm biased, but I like a restaurant/bar that's open 24 hours. I've eaten here for breakfast and lunch which was above average, and yesterday, I ate dinner here. 
Friendly people here, but again I could be biased because my waitress had a White Sox hat on and was from Chicago (my hometown). 
I had spaghetti and meatballs. The pasta was done well, and had enough meatballs to satisfy my hunger. That being said, they were kind of bland. The sauce was good. Served with some garlic bread. 
I liked it. It was kind of average. Not too pricy, and available 24 hours!
I'm giving the food 3 stars (breakfast, lunch and dinner were all kind of average), and an extra star for friendly people and ......
Did I mention .... 
OPEN 24 HOURS!!
FYI....The mens room is horrendous.While my vacation I visit here twice.
First visit I ordered omelette and pancake.
I got much quantity of food , which I didn't think about quantity.
Second visit I ordered veg omelette. Server help me about menu.
Overall good experience.