Found this place on Instagram and have been curious about it for a while. I love that you can pick and choose what cuisine you wanted even if it was different from what the rest of your party wanted. I got the shaved Brussel sprouts salad from PDR. I wasn't a huge fan of the smokey beets but the rest was fantastic. I also got the garlic ginger tofu tacos from koreole. They are messy and delicious..everything a taco should be. I also got coffee from Coast Roast which was good but almost too hot. My boyfriend and friend also lovers their meals. It really is a cool idea. A little on the pricey side but the food is worth it.Crazy! That place really feels like an urban market. Different food stands provide you with all options you can imagine. Im top of that is a bar in the back. High-Class food with the regional influence delivers #yumminess! We had the breakfast and lunch there and never got disappointed. We are still talking about the Quinoa Bowl, the Haitian Breakfast plate and the shrimps'n'grits. But the best was the street corn with feta and creole seasoning. Really cool market flair made it to an full on experience that doesn't disappoint.I love everything about this place! The food, the cocktails, the people, I could spend all of my time here. We went every morning for coffee, and my favorite was the cold brew iced coffee. We tried almost all of the different places to eat, and our favorite was T2 Streetfood. So so so good! Each night, we stopped over at the bar for drinks. Awesome classic cocktails, and featured drinks. Derrick is a kickass bartender who knows his drinks. Awesome mixologist! We'll be back on our next visit to NOLA from Delaware!Ate at Elysian Seafood. I ordered the seafood tower. It was very delicious and fresh. The oysters were shucked right in front of me! I also had the marinated crab claws, ceviche and shrimp cocktail. All fantastic!Good food at this restaurant incubator and building redevelopment in the Bywater neighborhood.I freaking love this please! The fact that it has several stations with unique foods is out of this world! I always go to the little Korean station & get myself the wing plate with a few appetizers! I recommend getting a frozen coffee up front! For me at least, this is a place you go to to clear your head & get away from baggage in your life! Such a carefree, relaxing environment! One of the many places you have to visit when in NOLA. All the love in the world, Jenny.Really beautiful inside.  Wasn't very crowded for lunch...had plenty of people, but not super busy.  Nice variety of vendors.  Great if you are with a few friends, and everyone wants something different!I've eaten there twice. Lots of selections and all the vendors are very friendly. Both times it's been busy but not crowded. Never a line. 
I had a great lunch-blackened thin cut pork chop with a spicy glaze and dirty rice. A good value at 8 bucks.Lots of variety at reasonable prices. Wonderful atmosphere. Full bar with GREAT spicy bloody Mary's. 
Was recently in NOLA with another couple and we ended up going here everyday of our 4 day trip. In doing so, I was able to try food from every vendor, and it was all wonderful. My favorites were the fresh Gulf oysters from Elysian Seafood, the loaded breakfast toast from Juice NOLA, the sampler from Fete au Fete, and the butter croissant from Bittersweet Confections.This reminds me of Anaheim Packing District. Hipster place located randomly in the neighborhood. But who cares? Honestly, the food was great and decently priced. It's a perfect place to have breakfast, brunch, and snacks! Close to the Saint Roch cemetery as well if you're visiting. Not crowded at all. The food stands staff were helpful in giving you insight on what to order if it's your first here. I say give it a tryThis place is super great. Even though the ventilation is terrible, the food is delicious and beautiful. My friend and I tried about five different stalls and all of them are very tasty. I will go there if I go to New Orleans again -)Awesome food, local produce and other ingredients, really strong drinks, amazing tempura shrimp tacos!
There are probably 10-12 separate vendors. Very modern place in kind of a hidden area. 
We defiantly recommend this place. Both times we went were late at night and the food and drinks were still great.Loved the atmosphere and the food was delicious. We had Juice Nola, Lagos and koreole. Everything was DELICIOUS, clean and fresh.The market is super cute! We came on the recommendation from our friend, who compared it to Chelsea Market in NYC. It is much smaller, and is really only food. It's a little out of the way if you live in/around French Quarter.
We came on Saturday night, and it was crowded, but we were still able to find seating. They have a good amount of seating. The bathroom and tables are very clean. They have a wide variety of food, from empanadas, NoLa cuisine, pho and spring rolls, to oysters & seafood, of course! They have drinks, smoothies, and a healthy salad/acai bowl place.
Tried the Gumbo Ya-Ya and the Shrimp & Grits from Fete Au Fete. They were both very salty. I wish the rice was cooked with the gumbo, rather than just a plop on top. I was happy there was sausage in the Shrimp & Grits.
If I came back, I would choose to do so in daylight, so I can walk, and I would try the charboiled oysters from Elysian!Ate at the Haitian Restaurant in here. I love the concept of the place. Take the whole party and everyone choose their own food. The Haitian food was not made by Haitians or served by Haitians but it was good not great. The crab Mac and cheese didn't have crab in it and it was burnt and tasted burnt. The rice was passable but was sticky and it's not like that. She wasn't friendly so that didn't make it any betterWish had more to offer...didn't feel safe walking in the street close by.Loved this place. Fairly easy to park. Crowded, naturally, but still easy to navigate and see everything. 
Great for several friends to get different plates and apps to sample.St Roch Market is spot on! It's definitely something to try -- they have awesome food vendors, a great bar, a beautiful ambiance and neat attire as well as unique wines for purchase in the back.Me and my fiancé came here for a weekend trip. At the urging of our uber driver we headed to St. Roch Market and it was great move. There are maybe 10-15 different eateries inside of the building and we sampled two of them. We ordered brisket with peppers, pickles, onions along with a Greek salad. Then we grabbed coffee and something sweet on our way out. It was also raining so it was nice to be indoors eating good food.Lots of interesting options, but you need to find the one place that serves red beans & rice, sausage & corn muffin, and muffaletas!! Excellent. Don't get gumbo st any if the places here-- best gumbo next to my own, is at The Gumbo Shop!  RB&R reminded me of my living here in the 1970s!!This place is GREATTTT. You walk in and it's like a food court, but way cooler. You have several different vendors and varieties of food to choose from. From Vegan options to just about everything you can possibly be craving. My husband and I liked it so much, we went twice in one week! First time we went, I had the New Orleans omelet from Fritai and a delicious dirty chai from Coast Roast next to it. My husband had the Ceviche from Elysian Seafood and an Empanada from Empanola. All was fantastic. The second time, we brought our pup and sat outside (both inside and outside are a great option to sit at and enjoy your food) and I had the N.O. Bird Panini from Good Bird and a Cappuccino from Coast Roast (yes, their coffee is that good). My husband had the Larry Bird panini from Good Bird and again, the food did NOT disappoint. Afterward, walk your food off at the nearby Louis Armstrong Park!We made a pit stop here to grab a quick snack and recharge from our excursion out to the far reaches of Nola. We were super pleased to find such a vast variety and selection of items while in the market. From fresh tasty smoothies to a myriad of food choices our minds were blown. Everything we ordered was prepared fish and right before our eyes. Lastly we were able to take it out side to several of the tables out front and enjoy the views of the neighborhood and the Nola vibe. I am sure we will stop in and grab another snack on our next visit.This review is mostly for Coast Roast as that's where we've been hitting for cold brew every morning we've been in town.  Love this city but it's been lacking in great coffee with the exception of Spitfire.  Until now.  Coast Roast's coffee is brown velvet love that oozes out of the pitcher.  Doesn't need cream or sugar because it's so rich and smooth and flavorful.  And love The St. Roch Market.  Know all the negative press around it, but it was packed every day and night and looks like it employs quite a few people.Yes, this is an overpriced, hipster place....so, take it for what it is and enjoy it (if you can). The building is new, pretty, and sparklingly clean in it's all white glamour. The black furniture is extremely simple and functional. Most of all....it's CLEAN. There were people walking around picking up dirty dishes and wiping down tables without much ado. It's fun to have a choice of different foods from various vendors, and to also have a choice between a juice bar, coffee bar, or spirits bar. After walking around in June's evening heat, my boyfriend and I were thankful to find this place clean, interesting, and air-conditioned. I had a glass of wine, he had a drink (which he said was strong), and we both REALLY enjoyed the crepe we ordered from "Dirty Dishes". We ordered the Mac & Cheese w/ pulled pork and rootbeer bbq sauce for approx $10. It was delicious!
Do I see us coming here all the time and spending tons of money here? No. Do I see us coming again, to cool off, have a drink, and try a new dish? Yes. If you are looking to take a break from dirty, dingy dive bars, then definitely visit the St. Roch Market. It is a bright, little oasis which retains the New Orleans relaxed feel and vibe.A collection of vendors inside a marketplace. Some are good and some are not so good. I really like the concept and some of the vendors but I think it really needs an upgrade in the quality of food. Service was good. This place just recently opened.Cool concept, when you walk in it's bright, clean, and inviting. There are multiple vendors at at St Roch. I ordered from King Creole and Koreole.
I had the crawfish poutine from (King Creole) and Fried rice with fried chicken on top from Koreole.
Crawfish poutine was fresh and the potato was good. Staff was friendly and nice. Portions were perfect because there were other vendors, to choose from.
Chicken wings was crispy and fried rice was okay. (Koreole)
Visiting with family and will be sure to bring them back.An oasis in the middle of an industrial neighborhood where you can consistently find a yummy bite.Great place to go to try a bunch of different food. We had the oysters, gumbo, and bao buns and they were all amazing. I honestly could have spent hours in there trying everything.Love this place! It's in old building that was renovated a few years ago so has character with all the modern amenities. The food is solid and a little cheaper than a lot of the tourist traps in the French Quarter. Located in a residential upcoming neighborhood, the Marigny. There is a good selection of vendors, including local fare (gumbo, oysters, muffalettas, crawfish, etc.), other ethnic foods (Asian, Haitian, etc.), desserts, coffees, juices, etc. There is also a nice outdoor area and the place has an overall cool vibe, with some locals and some tourists.Very cute place! Lots of different things to try. From a coffee shop, Mexican food, New Orleans seafood, to a really good breakfast spot. I loved the concept of having all these little places in one big spot. Wasn't too packed when I went so it wasn't difficult finding a place to sit. Food was ready really fast too. Bathrooms were surprisingly clean. This is a good place to stop at for a quick lunch/brunchCheck this place out!!! All the vendors are ridiculously on point. I actually wound up walking around and getting some stuff at several different vendors and had some delicious stuff!!We were seeking out something different for lunch prior to our friends catching a flight back home.  Came across St. Roch on line and decided to give it a try.  This is a small collective of individual craft food providers located in a beautifully restored building.  The food choices range from Korean Asian Fusion to Seafood.  Our group tried a wide variety of foods including Korean Tacos, Blacken redfish PO-Boys, shrimp and grits and pancakes.  What was nice about hanging around St. Roch was that you were comfortable staying there for several hours just grazing on the difference food items.  It was a very nice way to spend time with friends before their flight departed.  By the way, they have both a full bar and a oyster bar if you are so inclined.
St. Roch is very close to the French Quarter but not within walking distance.  A taxi ride, assuming you don't get long hauled, should run about $15.Went here twice during my stay, and I'm so glad I did. If you're in the area definitely stop by. There's something for everyone from Haitian food to oysters to cocktails to salads and smoothies. Servers are great and the indoor and outdoor seating options are plenty.Great market that gave an amazing feel for NOLA. Went with a group of friends and we were all able to get what we wanted from avocado toast to savory pho. The bar is a great addition went you get stuck in the rain!Love the concept, appreciate the variety. Some dishes are pricey but it's prepared pretty quick. Tried several different vendors. At Koreole tried the Bimbim bowl and tempura shrimp tacos. At Dirty Dishes tried the Dirty cheesecake at King Creole tried the shrimp and grits. All very interestingBusy, packed and nice place for a variety of good food.
We enjoyed all the dishes we had. Will definitely go back!Visited the market yesterday. Very cool setup with almost a dozen food places and a cool bar. 
It has many different options depending on your taste. Seating inside and outside. Prices are very reasonable.Very pleased with tonight's choice.  I'm not sure how I heard about this place but I made a note in my phone to go here whenever we were in New Orleans next. It's a trendy spot with a variety of cuisines to choose from.  Not a place to feed your children, they're more than welcome, it's just my kids are not adventurous with food. We chose the Bao sampler of pork belly, pulled pork, and chicken from @T2streetfood. They were all very good but the pork belly reaaalllly stood out! Delish.  My husband is of Haitian decent and had to try Fritai. The creole hot wings were devoured by my 11 year old, I didn't get to taste them but there were only bones left, sooo I'm thinking they were good! The sweet plantains were good alone, they didn't need the avocado sauce that they came with. Now I LOVE me some griot. But for $10 you got more rice than meat so I decided against that. (PUT MORE MEAT ON THERE FRITAI). I was also curious about the empanadas from Empanola. I tried a Chicken and Sausage gumbo empanada. Different filling for empanadas but it was really good.  Super dense, you only need one and a fork!! And to top it all off we had a cupcake/cookie/cinnamon roll/ice cream ending from Bittersweet Confections.  Couldn't get the 4 year old to eat anything else but she ate the hell out of the cookies and cream cupcake!  There was a few other dishes we would have liked to have tried so we will definitely be back.  Oh! AND I apparently dropped my debit card and a security guard tracked me down and returned it! Didn't even know i dropped it! There are still good people in the world y'all bbIt's really a food hall or food court, not so much a market. We had food from the King Creole counter and it was delicious. I had a muffaletta sandwich, my wife had the trio of crawfish poutine, shrimp and grits, and red beans and rice. We had a side of cornbread, too. Everything was very delicious.French toasted filled with Nutella? Oh yeah, it was absolutely delicious. If you are in New Orleans you have to go to this place, it's like a market with different kind of restaurants so you have many choices of different food, excellent customer service, place is nice, casual, very clean. We also order eggs with mushrooms and we were very happy with our food, I will come back and try something different I'm pretty sure you don't get wrong  of whatever food you pick at this place..We came in town for a weekend vacation to try some good food. If you have a group of people who might want to try different things this is your place. We came for supper one night and got oysters, pho, and crab rangoons along with some drinks. All very good. We came the next morning for breakfast too.I ate here every day for lunch (and sometimes dinner, too) when I first moved to New Orleans.  The choice of food vendors is so diverse that it makes it quite easy to be a return customer.  I particularly enjoy Good Bird (the rotisserie chicken salads), T2 Streetfood (the Banh Mi), and Bittersweet (the cupcakes and cookies). The free WiFi and clean bathrooms are great too.Stunning, modern, upscale food court-style eatery. Tried plates from three of the restaurant vendors and a mimosa with fresh squeezed orange juice from the bar. Live Jazz duo played as we ate. It was a perfect experience all around.Came here with family for lunch. It's a good place for a group with different tastes. Everyone can pick from the different restaurants what they want to eat. For us we had the frozen coffee from the coffee place, the Larry Bird sandwich from the chicken place, the street corn from the Mexican place, and the grill oysters from the seafood place. Can't remember the names of the restaurants but all the food was tasty and reasonably priced. Except the grilled oysters which are way overpriced. You can get cheaper and better ones at Drago's. All in all a good experience and somewhat unique dining experience in downtown New Orleans.I have been counting down to the opening of the market for over a year, and had the highest hopes for it, but am SO disappointed.  I walked down the second day it opened for breakfast/ lunch.  Me and friends began with iced coffees and lattes, which though good, were overpriced (latte was $5.18...).  I was excited to try the Nigerian food, but regretted it quickly when I got a 6oz serving for nearly $8, with no bread or rice to eat the stew with.  I tried to make up for it by trying the peach Caprese salad from the first stall on the left, but found my salad to be inedible.  The basil in it wasn't cut, or torn, it was used in the salad like the other greens, and a mouth full of basil is just too much.  My friends also tried the koreole bowls, which were by far the best thing we found, but again, pricey.  Still hungry after the small portions, my boyfriend tried the ceviche.  Again, inedible.  The fish tasted old and borderline spoiled.  All in all, after spending $23 dollars EACH trying to make it work, we ended going to Rally's across the street.  :l 
Regarding the impact the market has on the neighborhood, the city spent money renovating a landmark in a historically mixed race/ Black neighborhood- so why the hell is nearly the entire place staffed by white folks in the FOH serving nearly all white people?  I think the market is failing to do what the healing center across the street is doing a decent job of- creating a gathering space thats actually reflective of the people that live around it.  It seems like the market is just another bulldozer pushing people of color further and further towards gentilly.  
I'd be willing to try some of the vendors again in a couple months to see if anything gets better, but for now, 1 star for the goods being sold and 2 stars for a completely botched execution of a decent concept.The space is beautiful, clean and welcoming. 
It could be likened to a fancy food court.
Unfortunately,  The food was just ok though, I would not order anything I ordered again.
 I do want to give it another shot though and try some of the other options.This place is amazing! Loved the atmosphere and interior. We tried the cauliflower salad and the taco salad from juiceNOLA and they were delicious, one of the best salads I've ever tried!,I love this place everything in here is pristine, different, and cool. The food is really good, the ambiance is perfect. This market is a cozy spot that would be great for small meetings, lunch dates, and just about all of the above. Good place to visit, I would like to give 5 stars but sometimes the morning crew can be a bit sluggish. St. Roch Market is my go-to for breakfast. I had the breakfast bowl and it came with bacon toast, egg, arugula, avocoda, and some type of sauce not sure but I ate it and it was good.Great variety of authentic cuisine in a neat part of the city.  Had some raw oysters and shrimp and grits.   Very nice.I take my friends from out of town here, I'm sad the BBQ place closed. Hard to get seating on the weekendsGo to king creole and get their trio. I could eat it every single day! The red beans are insane and the crawfish poutine is out of this world.Great way to try some local fare without the touristy vibe of many places in the French Quarter. Many options (so something for everyone) with common seating like your average food court.....or you can get a drink at the bar, and they will let you bring your food there. I bought items from a few vendors, and everyone was so friendly in the traditional NOLA way!! BUT some places were much slower than what you may be accustomed to in larger cities....but really, what are you in a hurry for?? Be patient, it will be worth it! Short bus ride down Rampart from the French Quarter, I felt safe traveling to and from the market. 
Will definitely recommend to friends visiting there next month.
Wifi. Clean restrooms.I dunno. I don't get it. Sure people who live far away may think this place is ruining the neighborhood...but that's the irony. I've lived in St Roch way before I ever heard it called St Roch, and not a single local on my block has a problem with it, but they don't use social media, so their opinion isn't heard, I suppose. Then people are upset because it was built with corrupt money finagling by the city. In New Orleans? You don't say. Color me unshocked. You don't like the owner's business model? That I can dig, but you do know how many places you like underpay the staff while they are snorting coke off bounced paychecks in the back room? I'll give you a hint: Many. Anyway politics and gossip aside, this place is way better than my worst fears for it were.
Anybody who ever has had the Praline pecan bread pudding with a scoop of homemade ice cream that rails on this place is stone cold to me. A delicious dessert is stronger than any other feeling I know. A dozen fresh oysters during happy hour for $12 downriver of the Quarter? Yum. Crawfish Poutine for $10? Also yum. How are these prices considered high? Crawfish and oysters aint cheap in the modern world. It's a food mall, shop at the right stores and you'll be fine. 
Service has always been absolutely friendly and I find he crowd a nice mix of people, skews towards the fancier, but what doesn't these days. 
Ive only eaten at 4 of the stalls, and may never branch out from there, as they are good enough for me, but I'm glad the place is here. The old seafood market it was never had poboys as good as Fradys, and Captain Sals is right nearby for fresh shrimp so it's old incarnation wasn't needed and occasionally new things don't kill us.you really should change your name to food court.   
I am so glad tourists have someplace to go, but I'm still waiting for a real grocery in this neighborhood.   I cannot believe after all the hype, all the surveys, and all the lies that we get this trendy food court in place of what was originally meant.
sure food is good, sure there are a few veggies at a stand, but its far from serving this community.
ten years we waited for this....   what fresh gentrifried hell is this?  one that caters to people who don't live here.   most of my neighbors are appalled that nothing in here really speaks to those who live here.   
of course at the rate this hood is going?  you will just be part of the driving force raising rents and pushing people out.
how sad.     might as well build a mall round it.
whitewash indeed.   wheres the color?Great experience in NOLA. Wonderful selection of eats. Highly recommend the "good bird"If you're in the area, this is a great spot to check out and try a variety of foods. This is also a great spot if you're traveling with a group and everyone has different desires, wants, or allergies. People can choose which purveyor they want their grub from, and meet in the middle.We come to New Orleans every couple months and never miss a meal at St Roch. Literally everything is good. Saw a chef judge from Master Chef eating there. That should tell you something. Love the bustle of this place. Great cocktails. Have had more than one 3 hour lunch here just grabbing a nibble from the different vendors. One of our favorites.The new Oysters at Elysian is horrible. Dirty hands, shells in the oysters, inedible.Nice concept. Food was good but small portions and pricey. It was very crowded the day I went so was a bit overwhelming especially going for the first time. Plan to spend about $15 for breakfast and a coffee.St. Roch Market is a clean, bright, hip eatery with several food vendors - think fancy food court meets whole foods. Looks to be about 16 vendors inside but wanted to point out The Sweet Spot. We had the snickerdoodle cookie which was soft and chewy and the size of a pancake! but the real treat was the Pecan Praline Bread Pudding! it comes with a sauce/drizzle but honestly you don't even need it. I think it's plenty sweet as it is but get the drizzle one the side if you're on the fence about it. but it's an amazing bread pudding, something you should definitely try. Ask for Sydney, she was super helpful, incredibly nice and has this killer smile to boot!-i think everyone who works here needs to work on customer service EXCEPT the waitstaff.
-everyone should smile and say "How can I help you?"  --this may be old fashioned but this will make me spend $ here instead of going somewhere else
-would only go there if in neighborhoodGreat place to go anytime; they have some great vendors and they all have quality food.  And good music! The selection is awesome, anything from fresh squeezed juice to fresh fish.  I definitely come here too often, and have some favorites but I will let you find yours.The fastest service I have ever had at any restaurant. The people are cheerful and the atmosphere is wonderful!! The food I tried was fantastic. The only downfall is the location. I would never be able to go eat here alone when it's dark out.I went here for dinner with a small group and it was amazing.
The Mediterranean stand was a favorite (grape leaves and mint lemonade) as well as the Bao from another stand.  Great way to make sure that everyone gets something they like when you are traveling with a group.
Also, as other reviewers have said, the employees of this establishment are super-efficient and friendly at clearing your plates, cleaning up in general, all with a friendly word.  Customer service like this seems to be a dying art, but they are doing it right here!There is something for basically everyone here!
The set up is a bunch of different restaurants in one big market hall. Each one has their own small menu and their own POS station. It can be noisy and hard to find a spot to sit down though.
I've only gone for lunch a few times so my experience relates to that only. I have no idea what it is like for other things, though they do a food happy hour at some point!
Each restaurant within has a small, ever changing menu. Lunch prices were reasonable, you can get in and out on a $10 pretty easily. You've got tons of options from Nigerian to Creole to Oysters to Vegan, you will find at least two dishes that you want to get.
This is rapidly becoming a critical stop for me in New Orleans for really good food and a really good price.People love to hate this place, mostly because New Orleans hates change, and this is the most controversial currently. The space makes available a kitchen and sales counter, for up and coming chefs and restaurant-minded people. I think it's a great space, yes it is not a market like originally advertised. But take it for what it is, great food, interesting atmosphere, and a beautiful space.The place is nice and trendy. That's all about it. On the other hand:
Everything is so overpriced even more than whole foods, the fruits are expensive and wasn't even fresh. A small cup of smoothie costs $7. All the foods was pricing and so plain 
The services doesn't get any better. Almost everyone who working in there who making foods, especially fingers food doesn't wear any gloves at all. Especially when we was sitting in there for 2 hrs and noticed this black lady with her hair braided was kept scratching her head the who time when she was standing around then making foods when she got orders without even washing her hands. It's disgusting just to think that someone was eating something from her head. Eww. I forgot what is the name of that vendor. But it is on the left when you walk in next to the vendor that sells Devil Eggs toward the back. 
Anyway, the customer service was bad. They took forever to make your food and it wasn't even that many orders. Minimum time waiting was 30min at least. The lady at Koreole after took 45min preparing 3 orders which was pre-make, made us wait another 15 min just to watch her refilling the pickles before she took my order. Like she couldn't just take our order first so we could just stood there watch her.  
I don't think I want to come back to that place to pay extra for less food and bad serviceomg! I could eat here everyday. There is no question where you want to go if you are near the french quarter and want to go on the outskirts to get some good food. Just outside the Bywater Marigny area is St. Roch. We went here because there was good food and a variety so everyone could find something they liked. Then we stopped by the St. Roch cemetary and it was awesome! Definitely a must to check outVisiting from San Francisco and unfortunately didn't have a chance to try this place until our last day . We were shopping hungry so I circled the market several times before stopping at Shank. Everything in St Roch Market looked good, but I LOVE charcuterie and salumi, and Shank had a charcuterie plate special!!  It was 14.95 I believe, and coming from $F we weren't expecting the portions to be substantial, so ordered the boudin plate as well. Good lord were we floored when we got our order - the charcuterie plate had a deconstructed andouille sausage, headcheese and one other item I'm forgetting, not because it wasn't delicious, but  because I'm old (and I don't photograph my food) along with cornichons and some homemade mustards... and was LOADED!  The boudin plate had two sausages and  were BIG,  plus  you get enough sliced baguette for the charcuterie (we ALWAYS have to ask for more bread in SF). We were busy talking when the plate arrived so didn't know what the charcuterie were (chef's special) so had to go ask the chef what we were eating. I was expecting indifferent hipster attitude because that's generally what we get in SF (born and raised, 3rd  generation btw, and snarky hipsters bug the crap out of me, but I love food,(and wine/beer and spirits)  have traveled extensively, and know my shit, so they usually loose the attitude once they realize this) but was pleasantly surprised when we spoke with Kristopher Doll, the gentleman who runs Shank..He was very informative and obviously passionate re his craft. I tend to be nosy (er, I mean inquisitive) and will usually ask about the chefs background (if their time permits of course) and he was more than happy to give us some background. The woman working with him was equally as nice (didn't catch her name sorry, but you're a gem). To sum up this rather long winded review...we loved our experience at St Roch Market, but do wish we had visited sooner and had a chance to try EVERYTHING!!Definitely one of the highlights of my visit to New Orleans. It's a little bit off the beaten path, but I ended up going twice in the few days that I was visiting. There are a lot of options in a beautiful space. I really appreciated the energy of the entire operation. It allowed for me and the people I was with to choose different options but stay together, something that you really only get with a mall food court. 
The food highlights were the good bird sandwich from Good Bird, simple and delicious. Also, the roasted mexican corn was delicious. In fact, I think the driving force of coming back a second time was the corn, it was that good.I've been here for happy hour and dinner a few times. It is a great concept and I've had a positive experience every time. The ambiance is interesting, with a high-end cafeteria feel. Yeah, a strange combination of casual, upscale dining. The high ceilings, white pillars, open environment, and cocktails contribute to the upscale atmosphere. Whereas the variety of food and grab at the counter style makes it more casual. 
So many great vendors, I want to try them all! So far, Koreole and Shank Charcuterie are are my favorites. I think it'd be a fun place to bring a date, y'all can try a few things and there'd be lots to see and talk about. Also a good place to go with friends who have different tastes, though there are few vegetarian options. Only place to get drinks- the bar in the back. one bar for drinks. Food and drinks on happy hour from 4-6PM Mon-Thurs. $5 wines by the glass, daquiris, sazerac, old fashioned, or punch. $2 PBR & Tecate.An amazing collection of small counters in the middle of the very cool Marigny neighborhood. We were staying nearby and started and ended our days here for breakfast, cocktails, snacks. The meat board from Shank was top notch. And the cocktails at the Mayhaw bar were inspired versions of classics.I was really disappointed after trying St Roch Market for the first time today. This was surprising because I had heard some pretty good rumblings about this new spot, and when I walked in I was pretty amazed by the layout. But the food and service left much to be desired. 
The major misstep was eating at SHANK CHARCUTERIE. Do not eat there. My gf and  I ordered the Pimento Burger cooked medium. After waiting for close to 20 minutes for the burger even though there was no one else in line, it came out very undercooked. And when I politely asked if they could cook it some more, the guy and girl behind the counter looked at me like a deer in headlights. After they cooked the same burger for about 10 more minutes, I brought the food back to my table only to find out that they substituted the pimento cheese with a creole mustard that just made the burger taste odd. I didn't even bother going back to the counter to ask for pimento cheese because of the way they reacted when I asked them if they could cook the burger some more. 
I'll definitely try St Roch again because it really is a cool spot. But I will avoid Shank Charcuterie at all costs. The people were just so rude, and the food was oh so mediocre.This is a cool concept in a really great old building - check out the old pics near the restrooms for a little history.
We took a seat at The Mayhaw Bar and enjoyed several great cocktails. The bartender (Derek I believe) was super friendly. These guys make all their mixers (ginger beer, fruit juices, etc) fresh on a daily basis and the liquor is all quality stuff.
I ordered a bowl of Shrimp Pho from T2 Streetfood. The chef was very friendly and quick. The pho was outstanding - the fried shallots and cilantro shined through. My wife ordered a quarter Muffuletta from Fete au Fete. She said it was good but not the best she's had...she likes Central Grocery in the quarter and Anthony's in Baton Rouge better.
Next time we come, I plan to try the empanadas from Empanola.Beautiful, naturally lit, and tasty. Definitely try the elote. It's delicious. But, there's a little bit of everything so take a stroll through before you settle in. 
I love any place you can meet up with girlfriends or get cozy with your boo, and this fits the bill. :)Let me first say that, living in St. Roch, this place has caused a lot of hard feelings.  It used to be a real seafood market that locals went to to get their fish and shrimp.  Before they renovated it (using public funds), they asked us in surveys over and over again what we wanted in the neighborhood, and we said:  a local seafood market and affordable fresh groceries, over and over again, loud and clear.  Then, they completely ignored us.  (Why did they even bother asking?)  Put in some extremely overpriced groceries and filled the rest of the place with high-end food & expensive drinks catering to tourists.  
That said, the food IS good, and there is a great advantage to this place when you have out-of-town guests (and who doesn't over Mardi Gras?)-- you can bring everyone here and they can all get what they want, you can try something new, like the AMAZING Haitian food at Fritai, and then you can all eat together.  You can also bring your dogs to the patio.  Also, while I am really not happy with the gentrification of the neighborhood (seems everything now is for tourists and not for locals), they did have the consideration to put in a little parking lot so people living on St. Roch can still park in front of their houses.
There are now three fancy, expensive places to eat on this block:  the St. Roch Market, the Spotted Cat, and Morrow's.  Of the three, as frustrated as we are that the Market is not anything like the market we were promised, it has the lowest prices of the three, and the most options for both tourists wanting to try New Orleans food and locals wanting to explore something new.After seeing the reviews and checking out the website, I imagined this as another "Oxbow Market" like Napa has or Quincy Market in Boston.... spacious, laid-out well, little shops and tons of people.  I was disappointed.  It is loud and cramped, with TONS of people.  The vendors all just use white-boards to tell us what their company is called and what they are selling.  Parking was a hassle.  I would not feel safe in this neighborhood if I were alone.  I felt so overwhelmed inside we left without purchasing anything.  The building itself is beautiful, and I can see that if vendors stay, it would look great with nice, properly made signs.  The produce was slim-pickins, but people seemed to be there for the pre-made stuff, anyway.  They have some delicious looking wines and food and maybe if I were in the right mood for it, it would be wonderful to snack at one of the tables or outside on the front or back patio, but it just feels so BUSY and out of place in that area (and I know New Orleans is a crazy city of juxtaposition, but this was over the top out of place).This a great market. Beautiful architecture and atmosphere. Lots of great options and prices. Definitely recommend going here.St Roch was a great little night out! Loved the concept of multiple options. I had the crab cake and then a collard bowl..plenty of food and only spent about $25..I also had the peanut butter pie and it was TO DIE FOR!Amazing Haitian food! Love the trendy vibe and mixed selection here. It's affordable and a great spot to do a meal before heading out for the night! Cute spot to sample a bunch of things. There's also a bar there but we brought our own booze to enjoy, discretely, while we ate!This place is amazing! They have multiple vendors selling awesome food. I had the coconut curry shrimp and the brisket was delicious! Everything here is delicious! They also sell fresh produce and have music on the weekends!I love that we have so many options available here. I've only been here twice, but I liked both of the food items that I got. I had the cold soba bowl from Koreole. Really good but I didn't like how the addition of a protein would have cost so much more. I also had the ramen recently at The PDR. The flavor was good, however, the noodles weren't the best and I needed more broth. The noodles needed to be thinner and a bit more chewier. I almost forgot! I had a HUGE slice of the chocolate cake from the bakery to the right when you walk in. I can't remember the name. It was delicious :) I'm of fan of dense chocolate cakes and this cake was close to being one of my fave!Excellent quality and variety of food. The style of the eatery is reminiscent of a variety of food trucks to choose from, but the quality and setting is much more refined. Already planning a return.Ate at Koreole place and thoroughly enjoyed the food.  NOLA has certainly been missing a Korean food presence and Koreole hit that spot with a modern, Cajun take on the cruise.  Had the Soba Noodle bowl; delicious.
We also bought a doggie treat from the Sweet Shop - my dogs LOVED them.  Their cakes and desserts looked decadent; we'll be back to try!This place is not for everyone. Not kid friendly and service is a one man camp around here. It takes quite some time for food to be done. The music is beyond loud to where you can't hear yourself think or decide one what you like to eat here.St roch has been our go to for meals while working here in LA. They open early for breakfast which is awesome for our early schedule and stay open till 9pm. The frozen coffee with almond milk at coast roast is my guilty pleasure, the filled bagels at bittersweet are ridiculous, the avocado toast at juice Nola is super delicious and filling and healthyI love this place! History and good food! Lots of selections for the undecided. Good drinks, not too loud.The choices are astronomical !! 
Very clean. The proprietors were SUPER friendly and helpful! 
Had the cheese tray at Elysian field.. DELICIOUS!! 
The NOLA Trio across the hall... full of taste. 
4 of us got STUFFED.
 FROGER..Mayshaw was OVER the top smooth yimminess!!! 
I never give 5 stars BTW!An absolutely disgusting exploitation - that's the only thing that comes to mind.
Exhibit A, B, and C of how to effectively pimp a community.
I found it to be priced offensively. The food offerings are very puzzling. Asian fusion? It simply has no place in New Orleans, but would fit in just fine in Ohio. 
This was presented under the guise of supporting an underserved community, but it's a pillar to redefine this neighborhood with no regard for the residents whatsoever (unless you just moved here or snatched up some cheap rental properties to capitalize on.)Atmosphere is great. Works well for a bigger party as everyone has their own choice of food. There's a bar as well and an oyster bar.So much to choose from! I've eaten from numerous spots in the Market, none of them let me down. It's a great spot to go and have a meal and glass of wine after work with a few friends. Don't stress too much about where to eat, they all serve fresh and tasty dishes.This place is amazing!  Too often, food markets like this have the same type of food in each stall.  There is so much variety, some many delicious foods, I had a hard time deciding what I wanted.  Get something from a few venders, each seems to have their specialty. Needless to say, I stuffed myself silly when I was here.  
Seating can be a little hard to come by if you are in a large group, but there is some seating outside as well.  
I like that there is water that you can help yourself to and there were some interesting cocktails being made in here.Great small market with a little of everything... Organic, bakery, seafood, meat, coffee and even a veggie stand. One of the best salads I hve had in a long time and the brisket was to die forFun to visit and grab lunch... quality... could've been better... cute to check out .. we got a tiramisu.. old and stale.. lol it was a cute concept.. the gorl act like she could careless of helping ..Love this place on St Claude.  It is a food court of sorts. Very healthy fresh options for some and comfort food for others. I hit this eatery once a year when visit NOLA. I love to rate Mac n Cheese and the Lobster Mac from the vender- Fritai is without over using So Cal vernacular- to die for.Love this place! Everything you need. Great people. Great place to meet up, study, do work, get coffee, grab a bite or just hang.What a gem! We found this place near our Airbnb and I wish I found it the first day. The food and atmosphere are incredible and authentic. Get out of the quarter and make a trip to this local spot.I was disappointed by St. Roch Market. I love the concept but the execution felt too forced and manufactured with no personality. Every single food stand looked exactly the same with white menu boards and a "trendy" iPad serving as the POS system. The employees had the enthusiasm of mall food court workers. I will say that the food we ordered was good, but overall there wasn't anything about the market that drew me in enough to want to return.The selection looks wonderful. Lots of tasty options. TIP: even though it says 7 days a week at 7am, do NOT go early on Sunday morning and expect anything to be open. They won't be.St roch market is beautiful to walk into and delightful to look at all the menus from different food vendors and decide what you want to get. Its pretty casual and probably best to come with a smaller group as it can get busy and seating can be limited. However, we didn't have a problem with four of us sitting outside during peak dinner time. Different vendors take varying times to make your order so it was a little awkward getting to the table and having two of my friends already done eating.
I really enjoyed the crispy fish filet from the Haitian food stand. It came with a delicious tomato based sauce and rice and peas. What more can you ask for? 
The pork belly steamed bao was good, but not excellent. The pork belly was thinly sliced and covered in a spicy sweet sauce similar to gochujang. I was expecting a thick piece of pork belly with beautiful strip of fat at the top.
I tasted my friends pho and was pleasantly surprised by the flavorful broth, and I have eaten a lot of pho.I highly recommend St. Roch Market. I ate the Elysian BBQ Shrimp Poboy, and It was delicious!I'm happy with the variety of this place.  Its like 10 unique food trucks with a bar and kid friendly all under one roof.  I've had many good meals here at all times of the day.  Its kind of like Eatily in New York only relaxed and more affordable.  The poor mans Eatily!Pros: variety of food vendors to choose from, very Instagramable atmosphere, it's close to a few music venues making it a fun meet up spot for pre/post concert food, options for all sorts of food needs- healthy juice bars to fried chicken sandwiches, and easy parking- there is a lot beside the building where you can park! 
Cons: expensive price for a "market" atmosphere, it can be hard to find seating inside during busier hours, I found most of the vendors to be a little off putting and irritated at customers, wait times for food can vary from quick service to taking forever (depending on the vender you choose)- so when you take a group, you might receive your food at different times. Some people may already be done with their food before you get yours!Went to St. Rich Market for Sunday brunch.  The atmosphere is friendly and the personnel go out of their way to help people that have not been before.  There are multiple "stands" of different vendor for multiple variations of food types.  We had seven in our party with each having a different meal from a different vendor.  All where very good.  Also a good place to bring children as there is something for everyone available.Such an awesome addition to this area of the city! It reminds me of a smaller version of Atlanta's Old Fourth Ward's Krog St. Market. The food vendors all look so tasty and there is such a variety to choose from. We stopped by the bar for a few drinks before
dinner and had some amazing craft cocktails. It's a great spot to dine if you have a group to please or if you just want variety. I can't wait to return!Forget the negativity.... I'm a local and have been for years. The whole concept of the market place is awesome. We need more places like this in the city.. Enough with the big food chains. Let's support our local vendors and reform our city after all we've been through. 
We travel to other cities and go" hhhmmm I wish New Orleans had a cool spot like this ".
Now we finally get something nice . GREAT IDEA..
Bought some coffee from the coffee brew shop and some pecan praline bread pudding.. Amazingly good.
I def will return..I have been wanting to go to St Roch for the longest time and have been begging Novio to take me but unfortunately he did not oblige. On the other hand it was GRADUATION WEEK so both our families were flying in to New Orleans for a couple of days and they told me (or I designated myself) to be the official tour guide during their stay and of course I put St Roch into our itinerary! It is a little farther than what the typical tourist would drive but luckily they were riding with two locals whom had absolutely no problem driving the fam anywhere and everywhere. 
     Once we arrived we saw what appeared to be a beautiful architectural masterpiece of a home, white, simple and elegant. THEY HAVE THEIR OWN PRIVATE PARKING LOT FOR FREEE!!!! There are so many vendors  that every single family member could choose whatever they wanted. We had vegetarians, die hard carnivores, alcohol drinkers, people on only liquid diets, people on only solids diets, people on no diet at all, lactose intolerants, gluten free, peanut allergy etc etc etc there was a place for every single one of them. We ordered drinks at the Mayhew, two dozen charbroiled oysters at elysian seafood, a salad at fritai, another salad and chips and guac at la mezcla mexicana, coffe at coast roast coffee, and a lemon tart at bittersweet confections.
      I can whole heartedly say that not a single dish was sub par. I will tell you this, the tables are limited and the space fills up quick, we were all squished into one table but the place is amazing and fantastic so we did not mind at all. Every vendor and the bar has amazing happy hour specials Mon. - Fri from 4 - 6 pm and there is live music on Fridays. Its a great place and I really enjoyed my time there. I highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone in New Orleans.Perfect pre dinner spot for gulf coast oysters and drinks. Happy Hours all around. I imagine this place has great coffee and wonderful food, but we came for the casual atmosphere, the lovely cocktails, and the $1 oysters. Cool crowd. Attentive service. Very little tourist vibe.Great place for breakfast, lunch or dinner may options. Great place for breakfast, lunch or dinner many options from raw oyster bar, to southern food to Mexican and Vietnamese. Lots of drinks as well and dessert/ice cream bar. Upscale "food court" in an elegant setting. 
Wine bars as well. This place is not in the French Quarter - so take a cab or the street car.
We will certainly be back!Very nice market . The building is incredible, charming place for a lunch break. very tasty food - especially the Egyptian .
I would go back if I had more time in NOLA.My bf, drew, and I got here pretty early on a Monday so it wasn't really crowded. The interior is very pretty, there's a lot of natural light and a lot of seating. My boyfriend and I ordered the shrimp poboy, the Nola sample (crawfish poutine, shrimp and grits, rice and beans), and the mortadella sandwich. The shrimp poboy was EVERYTHING you would want it to be. It was so delicious I wish I ordered the whole sandwich for myself! It was spicy and very fresh tasting, with fat shrimp. The crawfish poutine had lots of crawfish and seasoned well enough to that the crawfish flavor was still dominant. The shrimp and grits were butter and yummy but with the andouille sausage they used it overpowered the tiny shrimp. I don't really like rice and beans but Drew(bf) does, he said it was pretty decent but he said it could use a tough more seasoning. The muffuletta sandwich was ok at best for me but that's mostly because I do not like olives and it had a lot of olives in it, drew liked it but he said the olives did overpower the deli meat.This place was our staple during vacation in NOLA.  All the places were outstanding.  Foodies- go here!Cute dining hall with lots of great food options and parking nearby. Husband enjoyed the oysters and I had a creole fried chicken sandwich with a ginger lemonade from different booths.I think the vendors are doing their thing and a lot of the food is good.  I like the casual aspect of order yourself and the idea is really great.  The reason I am giving them 2 stars is really just that the place feels so god dam sterile.   The food is fun and funky but the space is all white and open and I think Marble or Faux Marble.     
This is really just a note to the owners there to color it up, make the place more fun and inviting, maybe add some cloth awnings inside over each stand to color the place and try to fight the cavernous feel of the place.   The place looks uninviting inside and out.  Overall good going and you are doing something good for the area but please have some fun with it, don't take it too serious and make a place for NOLA not a place for LA or NYC.  Maybe it just needs time to get beat up a bit.I love the idea of this place. The renovation is beautiful. There is plenty of seating, especially outside. There is a pretty good variation of vendors so that anyone could get what they were in the mood for.  Especially if you are snacking or grazing, as we were. However I was just not overly impressed. The fresh produce looks like a token afterthought. There's not much there and the area is crammed into the front end. The Sweet Spot caught my eye right when we came in. So even tho we are our sweets last I'll review it first. Small but nice selection of cakes, cookies, quick and yeasted breads. We got a moist and tasty slice of banana bread and a pistachio cupcake. Both were very good, but... Not the OMG greatest thing, not better than Zoe's in Covington, and not worth the outrageous price. I also took home a loaf of grits bread and it's pretty good too (but $6 for a small-medium loaf.) Moving along the row, at King Creole we got the crawfish poutine. Oh man, that is SO good!  Still a little pricey for the serving size but kind of worth it for the richness and yum level. Spicy new potatoes (fried of course) with jack cheese and crawfish étouffée on top! Should we try that at home kids? No, just go get a plate. Get two because you won't want to share. I would totally go back to try the Nigerian stall, the oysters and the bar... And more poutine. But not on a busy Saturday afternoon especially if it's raining. Eating inside was too crowded and with the gorgeous high ceiling and white tiles it is way too noisy inside. So three stars for being too noisy and a bit too chi-chi. It's putting the gentrified cart before the horse.Soooooo much delicious food surrounds you at St. Roch! Pick your poison and revel in every bite! Be prepared to share your table and conversation.This a great place to go when you can't decide what you want to eat. It's also helpful when you're with a group so you can all share and try a bunch of the different dishes at once. Friendly staff and clean facilities. 
You also have to try the chocolate dome cake at the bakery vendor. One of the best things I've ever eaten.Wow, what a great find for interesting, unique, fusion food in New Orleans. This is a do again.  We were told about it by some other foodies.
There's a great selection of different cultures of food. We chose the Thai fusion. I had the pho.   The broth makes the quality, and this was pretty good.  Others in the group chose food from the many different mini kitchens and all were happy.  
This is a do again for locals and out of towners.My appreciation for St. Roch basically stems from the fact that they have a lil bit of everything. The atmosphere is also so nice.Calling this place a diamond in the rough is an understatement. A quaint market in a not so great neighborhood with multiple options to satisfy every palate. It's as if a group of food trucks simply parked in one spot all of the time. We had shrimp cocktail for an app from one vendor, and a quesadilla from another, both of which were delicious. It was nice to be off the beaten path and experience some local staples. Next time, would probably take the rail car instead of walking.My friends took me here when I came to visit and I loved it. This place has been hyped up for a couple months since its renovation and reopening but with good reason- the food is seaux good! 
My friends and I all ordered something different and shared it.. probably best to do this if it's your first time so you can get a taste of everything. I don't remember all of the vendors we tried but Coast Roast, Juice Nola, Curious Oysters, and Shank Charcuterie were some of them. The muffuletta, jambalaya, shrimp & grits, pate, crab cakes were all amazing.
It can get a little crowded and hard to find seats inside but there's always the patio in the front and back of the building. There was also some vandalism on the outside when I went there but that can't keep people away from trying out the great food here!I love the variety of food available here. There's vegan, vegetarian, creole, latin and oriental inspired food here.I love this concept. Everything I tried was delicious. It was a very cool atmosphere and the specialty cocktails were delicious. This part of town is a little bit scary but I am glad to see businesses bringing the neighborhood back.I'm not a NOLA native, so I'm not about to give any insight on if I think the taxpayers' money was well spent on a foodie paradise plopped in the middle of a low income neighborhood. But this place is beautiful, and the diversity of food options was exceptional. 
I remember a huge salad and juice bar, Nigerian food, creole comfort food, oyster bar, produce bar, Asian fusion, fresh bread shop. There was also local coffee and an assortment of locally made food items that would make amazing souvenirs for out-of-towners like myself. 
During the day, this place is gorgeous--tons of natural light, really friendly vendors, and very polite wait staff there to give you water or help clear away your plate. For a food mall set up, I felt taken care of and very welcome.My review was removed because it didn't include a substantive consumer experience. Well here's my substantive consumer experience:
I (a fully grown man) paid $9 to one vendor for a amount of food which would not have satisfied a peckish 50 lb child. This would be (at least arguably) forgivable if the food had been exceptionally delicious. It was not. It was bland, undercooked, and not even hot. (I cook professionally, if it need be said.) It was insulting, egregious, and unacceptable.
I also checked out the prices/selections at other stalls, and in the produce section. I noticed a definite lean towards a certain demographic, to put it mildly. To put it less mildly, here is my original review which I will continue to repost if it is removed again:
Yuppie playground. Very disappointed. As others have said, this is not what the neighborhood needed.
But we will be drowned out by voices like this one, from another review:
"You hear that? That's the sound of our property value increasing." 
F*cking shameless. (Not to mention smug.) And what is this "our?" (*He has since removed the word "our.") I guess his review is exclusively for other property-owning yuppies, which makes sense because poor folks don't need to read a yelp review to know that St Roch Market is not for them. (Unless they want to wash dishes, in which case they're welcome to leave an application.)
A big red blinking "F*CK YOU" to the families that will be priced out of the neighborhood in the next couple years. The same families that, as taxpayers, footed the bill for the renovation of this historic building.
Enjoy your $9 juices tho ;DWe found this place on the last day in NOLA by chance, and it did not disappoint. We showed up mid-afternoon for a late lunch, and had a few seating options, plenty of dining options, and even a booze option. We opted to sit at a counter, and tried a few different things; they were ALL delicious! What a neat place you guys have here. 
I could see how it might get crowded (though we did not experience this ourselves), so I'd come with tempered expectations, but they did have a very nice looking patio that was practically empty when we were there. I'll bet that's quite pleasant on a nice day. Anyway, if you're in the market (no pun intended, haha) for a delicious meal with a variety of choices (literally something there for everyone) in a very casual setting, this is the place for you. If you are a tourist (as we were) this is a great find, and I'd highly recommend coming here for some raw oysters.Very cool, upscale food court concept. All local vendors. So unique. We had coffee and dessert. Ginger latte was amazing. Chocolate cake with ganache was sinfully delicious!The oysters at Elysian Oyster Bar were gorgeous. At $15/dozen for gulf oysters, they're a bit over priced, but they were big and beautiful, and served over ice.I think the market is cute but The Sweet Spot is missing sweetness.  I tried the strawberry cake and it was very dense like a fruit cake and not sweet at all. Very disappointed.  The cake was not worth $5.45.Pretty cool place.  About a dozen vendors inside selling food and drinks.  I stopped there after making a delivery out of curiosity and glad I did.  I got the shrimp and grits at the kiosk in the back.  Delicious.  Liked it so much I brought an old friend with me the next day and we both had one again.  There are separate and communal tables inside to eat and socialize.  There are also a few tables outside facing St. Claude.
I've heard about the controversy raised by some locals claiming that the building should've been brought back to its original use as a fish market.  They couldn't be more wrong.  This is a much better use for this real estate.  St. Roch Market has quickly become the hub of this community whereas a fish market would be just that...a fish market.   The idea is so successful that the developers are going to try the same concept in Nashville.  
I highly recommend anyone to visit it and decide for yourself.I had a great time here with some friends! Upon walking it, it looked very nice and bright. I loved how the white paint popped and I suddenly got a wide aroma of different foods. My friends and I decided to try a few of the different places so we each got 2 dishes from various vendors and shared. I can't go far into detail about what was in each dish, except they were all pretty spot on delicious! They were a bit pricey, most dishes ranging from $8-$10, portions were okay to me really considering we shared and had various dishes that actually filled us up. 
KOREOLE: 
Bibimbap bowl- My friend had this and it was pretty good. It was missing meat, not sure if she forgot to add one? It had rice, veggies, an egg, but really it tasted darn good to me! There was a sauce that was sweet at first, but don't let it fool you. It was pretty spicy and I like spicy! 
Koreole Fried Chicken- BOMB.COM is all I have to save. My friend got the fried chicken plate with corn and white rice. Oh my chicken! The chicken was fresh, hot and crispy. The sauce was so yummy, soy ginger glaze I believe. It was sweet and had a little kick. The corn was different, but I liked it. 
Koreole Tacos?- Not sure if that's what they're called, but man they were good! My friend got them and it had grilled shrimp, some sauce and koreole slaw. Slaw was very good! Crisp, refreshing and the flavors blended well. 
KING CREOLE: 
Crawfish Poutine- YUMMY. It had potatoes, sauce, crawfish and cheese. The potatoes were cooked well. Even though it had sauce, it wasn't soggy or drenched in it. They had a little crispy crunch. Crawfish were big. I enjoyed this a lot! Nothing like I've tried before. 
Shrimp & Grits- Not your average! The grits were good and creamy. Not hard or clumpy. Cooked perfectly. The sauce wasn't overwhelming the grits and the shrimp/sausage were perfect. One of my favorites next to the koreole fried chicken. 
DIRTY DISHES: 
"The Munch" Crepe- Not particularly a fan of BBQ, but this was pretty darn good! It was a crepe with Mac& cheese, pulled pork, BBQ sauce and a wide array of other things inside. It was good. The crepe wasn't too much and didn't overwhelm everything else. I just couldn't do so much BBQ sauce. 
Dirty Cheesecake Crepe- Although our only dessert, my favorite dessert! It was so good. It didn't have much inside except some strawberries, cream? Can't make out everything but it was good and I would def recommend for dessert. 
PDR: 
Tacos- That's what they were mentioned as on the board. My friend raved about this, but it was disappointing for me. It was definitely my least favorite. The corn tortillas were good, light and fresh. The beef was good, tender and juicy. The only problem was that it was salty and there was juice everywhere from the toppings that the corn tortilla got soaked and fell apart. It was kinda greasy feeling and didn't wow me as I expected it to. It had a corn tortilla, beef, cilantro, some green sauce, etc. 
Juice NOLA:
Watermelon Ginger Juice- Tastes exactly as described. Watermelon and ginger except the ginger really reminded me of the kind you get at a sushi restaurant. It was eh to me and pricey at $7-$8 for a small jar. 
Spicy Peanut Noodle- Sounds really weird, but it was refreshing in a way. There was a spicy sauce and a peanut one maybe? Not sure. It had noodles mixed in a sauce and veggies like bell pepper and cucumber. Really light! I enjoyed it. 
Overall my experience was great! A little on the pricey side, but I don't really mind. I got to try several different things and was satisfied with them all. Everyone was friendly, staff and vendor owners and it wasn't overly crowded. Perfect spot for some lunch or even dinner to just hang out and enjoy some good eats.Gentrifying unaffordable food in a space that use to be a fish market for Black New Orleanians. Instead FEMA funds that were intended for grocery stores were used to turn the St. Roch market into a over-priced arena catered to tourists. It is such an abomination it was even a site of Black feminist protest during the 10th anniversary of the storm.16 different venders/food booth. It's a like its own food court building! Glad they have something new in Nola! Cool experience,great company,awesome environment. Crowded but good for the business.food is great!! Prices isn't so bad! And outdoor seating as well! The oysters is the best! So juicy,plump,fresh,yet refreshing in your mouth!omg drools! The crabs cake from Elysian is so hotly made and good! The Mac&cheese pull pork crepe from dirty dish is pretty good combination!the pine Apple juice from juice Nola is light and refreshing.everything was amazing and great experience! I will ALWAYS a come back!What's not to love about this super adorable "market"? Trendy, chic, delightful. Don't expect to buy fresh farm produce or baked goods. Do expect a variety of excellent dining options! A little something for everyone. Open and airy atmosphere. Great natural lighting. It's really an ideal place to camp out at a booth for hours; start at brunch, transition to happy hour and then stay all night! 
My only complaint is the lack of tables! It's so busy during the weekend that it's near impossible to find a place to sit down and eat! The patio is nice but there's zero shade coverage. An investment in some umbrellas would go a long way.This market was a dream! We are there everyday for snacks,breakfast or lunch and we're very impressed by food, scene and people.The atmosphere here is so lively. A great place to socialize and eat delicious food! Definitely get there early and try to grab a table because seating is limited. There are so many different kinds of food; you're sure to find a cuisine you'll enjoy! I definitely recommend the Louisiana Crab Cake from Elysian Seafood! They season well. I also like the the Crawfish Poutine from King Creole. So yummy. Definitely check out St. Roch and enjoy mimosas at the bar. The service was fast too, and their staff is quick to pick up empty plates from the tables.Social issues aside, it's a great place to spend an afternoon.  Beautiful market with lots of locally sourced produce, meat, cheese, and seafood.  Great atmosphere.  Pleasant people.  Great variety of fresh local food.  If the market was funded by taxpayer dollars, it is upsetting that  status of the target customer does make me a little upset.A great food hall, wonderful service, and you can get everything you need in one spot. I ordered from Fritai, a Haitian Street food spot - I highly recommend the Haitian breakfast plate. There are tons of vegetarian options, too!I love this little market.  It's a long building bursting with independent little vendors.  We discovered this place while taking a bike tour and came back the next day because we liked it so much.  From Creole to Cajun to Mexican to African, they have it all.
We ordered from several different vendors and then sat down with some coffee.  They yell out your name when your food is ready.
At one place we had a sampler of the Chicken and Sausage Gumbo, Grits, Crawfish Etouffee.  I loved them all!  At another we had the chicken and biscuit.  I've never been a fan of biscuits and gravy but I tried this and "Oh, my gosh!"  Maybe I am a fan now.  Lastly, we tried the Crawfish Etouffee over roasted potatoes.  We would have gotten more, because there was so much more to try, but we were stuffed.  Next time!
It's about a 25 minute walk from the French Quarter through nice neighborhoods. The place is super clean, the people are friendly, the price is right and the food is the best!We visited NOLA and stayed in St. Roch and this was one of the best discoveries of our short trip. In an extended weekend, we visited this place three times. Once for breakfast, once for dinner and once for dessert. It's split into different food stops and every one we tried was phenomenal. We loved the gumbo and the pho we found here. We loved how laid back the ambiance was. You can get a drink or have breakfast. Everybody was very hard working and friendly. I can't rave enough. You can find something for everyone here.Overrated and overpriced in the wrong location.
Bagel and lox $9
Bibimbap bowl $11
20oz coke $3
Key lime pie $20/$5 slice
$1 per apple
$4 for small basket of strawberries
Avocado toast $9
The food is good and parking is plentiful but price is high. Imagine building a Harrods smack dab in the middle of 9th ward.This is my absolute favorite place to go when I'm home. I go in one direction and my mom goes on another. All of the food is exceptional and there's great parking as well. Everyone has that New Orleans spirit and just want to feed you. I make it a point to go there every time I'm home.New-feeling spot catering to the hipster crowd, so it's missing that old New Orleans charm.  I ordered a blackened fish po'boy and it was not a po'boy, just your basic sandwich (albeit tasty).  Lots of variety for groups who may have trouble picking a cuisine.  Very loud, not enough seating.This place is a great restaurant with tons of options. I know some people are not into the idea of couple options to eat. But I love the concept. I get the rainbow salad from juice Nola every time also Elysian seafood is a great choice. Also run into someone I know.It's a lovely place to visit even the prices is little bit on the high end, the waiting time is quite long, but the food in general taste very good. For sure we will be backA must stop when your just turning a few corners in New Orleans looking for a variety of foods to satisfy your taste buds. You can't go wrong at St Rich Market. Nice casual atmosphere, real clean environment with the aroma of all sorts of spices lingering in the air. This is one of few spots I recommend to friends that's traveling from out of town.One of my favorite places to bring people from out of town. Very nice clean and open atmosphere. Multiple restaurants under one roof with a bar, all of which are legitimate. There is something for everyone here.What a great find. I'm visiting Nola and looking for healthier options, a friend recommended St. Roch's Market. 
It's bright and cheerful with indoor and outdoor seating. Inside are about 10 food stalls/pop-up restaurants, ranging from juices, smoothies and quinoa bowls to fusion-creole to pizza, ice-cream and, of course, a bar. Walk to the back to grab some take away items, find the restrooms and the password to the free wifi. 
I had a Hangover cure drink with lemon, activated-charcoal, chia seeds and more, and a Rainbow bowl from Juice Nola. 
If you are looking for lots of options, tying to satisfy a large group, looking for an easy way to grab lots of tasty things from one place or are just want to grab a coffee and work outside St. Roch's is a great option.Oh my goodness! So thankful my daughter wanted to try this place! A large variety of delicious foods from multiple vendors. Enjoyed the NOLA Trio Sampler from Fete au Fete (red beans and rice; shrimp and grits and crawfish poutine)! Delicious. Only thing better than the food was the service! Thanks Rosalie for guiding us through our first trip to St Roch Market! We will be back...soon!!This place perfect for people that can't decide what they want to eat which is often the case with me!  I ended up coming here twice during a long weekend in NOLA.  The first time I came I had ice cream from creole creamery and it was delicious!  I tried the king cake flavor as I had never had king cake before and it had a nice vanilla flavor with notes of cinnamon and cake pieces.  The second time I came was to catch a quick breakfast before heading to the airport and had a quinoa bowl from the Daily Beet and coffee from Coast Roast.  The bowl was also very good, healthy, and filling with great flavors.  The coffee though.... it was okay but I'm coming from New York and found it to be overpriced!  I wouldn't buy it again but I would come back to St. Roch!My favorite destination in New Orleans. Wish I had one in my neck of the woods.
I love the dirty dishes crepes and mac and cheese. And the bread pudding at the sweet spot is the best I've ever had!Your food is pretty good, I like the variety, some of the food is a little too salty, and most of this stuff is waaaay too expensive. Some is pretty reasonable though. :) really though, 11 dollars for a bahn mi when you can get one for 4 dollars at the hong kong market?!? What does this sandwhich have in it that makes it a whole 7dollars more, which is almost triple! I'll still be coming back here though, because I do enjoy the nice varietyThere's no better way to expand your food horizons with one trip to the St. Roch market. While the multitude of options can seem overwhelming, there's something awesome about being able to pick an appetizer from one vendor, an entree from another, and a dessert and drink from different restaurants. 
Because of its status of a hot spot destination, chances are the Market will be packed. Since there are no servers, the turnover rate is pretty fast and you will be able to get a seat relatively quickly. There's also a beautiful outdoor seating area. 
Most, if not all, of the vendors offer modern takes on classic dishes for what I consider to be a very decent price. Most plates are around the 10-13 dollar mark, but you're honestly eating some of the best and freshest food New Orleans has to offer. 
St. Roch market is the perfect place to bring a group of indecisive friends due to the fact that everyone is able to pick their own type of food. I would highly recommend bringing out-of-towners who are culinarily inclined so you can show them a wide array of New Orleans cuisine. There are also plenty of small gifts that people can take home with them. 
There were also a ton of kids chowing down on dishes that you might not believe kids would be willing to try. The options are very healthy and I feel like it's a great place to try if you're on a diet or just wanting to eat *good* foods with local ingredients. 
All in all, you can never go wrong with St. Roch Market. There is literally something for everyone.The oyster bar at Elysian seafood was good but a lot of the vendors that we had come to try were no longer there. At Elysian seafood we had several plates of oysters - they shuck them in front of you and are super fresh. We also had the oyster gratin - heavenly and a bit gloopy. Wonderful with their bread. The brown butter poached gulf fish was perfectly cooked though I thought the portion was a bit small. We got dirty mac and cheese from Dirty Dishes - huge portion but mediocre and hardly any tasso. I wanted to have bread pudding but there was none to be found.I lived in New Orleans for a number of years and saw many places like this sit empty or barely eek out an existence, slowly crumbling away due to neglect.  Being nothing more than the local hangout for vagrants, the unemployed and other loiterers.
I'm very impressed with what the current owners have done with the place.  ANYTHING would have been an improvement from the empty hulk that this landmark building had become.  
So I hear about the local residents grumbling "gentrification"... Gentrification my ass...  10 years sitting empty and when someone finally has the balls to invest in a blighted neighborhood they catch flack for it.  Where was everyone else before now?  Where was the moral outrage at the vandalism and the general decay of the landmark?
Squalor, pure and simple and the local residents didn't do anything to help themselves but they sure do complain when someone else steps in... it's clear they want a hand out, not a hand up.  And yes, this is a hand up.
I bet this is one of the first places looted during the next big storm!
Our meal was great as was the dessert.  It was a bit loud but not more so than some places I've been.  We'll be back.This place sticks out like a sore thumb in this area, driving there you would never think a place like that would be in his area. The area looks quite sketchy but when you step inside its like wow. A true hidden gem, I've read alotnof review with people bashing this place but I thought it was amazing. So many vendors offering different types of food with such diverse menus and adding there own twist to common dishes. If you are a foodie , it's worth a visit .
While I was here I stopped by and got some oysters in the half shell from one of the vendors. They had so many varieties , they were huge and so delicious for a great price. The space that this market is in is just beautiful and open. Everyone had such great hospitality . Worth a trip that's for sure.Food was actually really good and the new market is really nice.  3 stars are mainly because it is overpriced especially for the area.This is the best food court ever!  The neighborhood is colorful, but was fine and we found parking close by.  Our only problem was picking what to eat from the wonderful choices.  There were four of us so we went with four different places for main courses, the Mayhaw for drinks and Bittersweet Confections for dessert.  Elysian Seafood served up some delicious oysters and my husband loved the crawfish-very spicy!  Good Bird had the best chicken sandwich ever- the Larry Bird.  Dirty Dishes had a great pancake with praline syrup. There is also a place for Haitian street food that is unique and tasty.  Desserts were all good but we all agreed we lived the salted caramel cupcake!I really enjoyed St. Roch Market on a stopover I had to the local cemetery. Everything looked so yummy, but it was still early....so I got a delicious cappuccino at the cafe. I will be back by on my next trip to New Orleans... for sure!This should be more like 3 1/2 stars.  The building is awesome. The bathrooms with the small tile details is awesome.  The food choices awesome.  The cleanliness awesome.  The outdoor dining area awesome.  Parking is tight but great.  The types of food selections inside is great. Pretty wide I gotta say.
The stall that we picked that day was the La Mezcla.  The Mexican food place.  I had the taco salad, $9 and the sweetie had the ground beef quesadilla.  Also $9.   Both were really good and fresh.  The taco salad shell was friend right then and there.  The girl behind the counter taking the orders and making the food was super busy being alone but cranked the food out in a speedy pace.  Didnt look prepared in a rushed fashion.
They had quite a menu, but like most Mexican foods it is variations on a tortilla and toppings so it really isn't that hard. Rolled or grilled/fried flat.
The people watching was great too.  Also a wide swath of people enjoying the location.  Not just bros in aviators and sockless topsiders like I was expecting based on other reviews.  It is heavily gentrified but the affluence was in all shades, ages and orientations.  Great people watching
I was expecting to see more local looking choices like yakamein or bbq and not so much kale and pimento.  Also the fresh veggies and jarred choices was on the slim side.  Would of been cooler if there was more of a farmers market. 
I plan on visting againGreat for groups of friends, an airy food hall. Tons of great options to satisfy varied tastes.I love St. Roch Market!  It's one of my favorite places to go on my lunch break.  I have brought many of my friends to it and whenever they ask me to describe it I go with "an adult cafeteria".  I think that it is fitting because the way that the market is setup it reminds me how a cafeteria at a university or hospital would be.
The difference is that the food is outstanding and the decor is very bright and welcoming.  When you walk in you are greeted by the St. Rock Forage Market where they sell local produce and grocery items.  I have come to find out that many of the restaurants inside die produce from the forage market.
It's a bit overwhelming the first time you walk in to St. Roch.  On both sides of you are rows of restaurants lined against the walls and menus hanging on the walls above each place.  I recommend doing a lap at first and checking out all of the menus, and specials, that there are on the particular day you visit (there's free water in the back right side of the market).
I'll briefly get into two of the places that I have eaten in St. Roch.
The 3rd place on the right side of the market when you first walk in is a place named PDR.  I would describe their food and Southern and "homely".  You don't have to worry about going home hungry eating here.  I have had the brisket and the short ribs and they were both divine.  Their green (and I don't even like greens) are something that you could pair with any meat and it would elevate the dish.  I could talk for three more paragraphs but I'll let you try it yourself.
Directly across from The PDR is a place called Elysian Seafood.  Their seafood is always very fresh and they offer a nice light plate that works well for lunch break or a light meal.  They always offer a very nice plate of food but depending on what you order it can be a small plate for the price.
The first place you pass on the right side when you walk in is a dessert place.  The cookies are phenomenal!  They are huge but since they are so fluffy you don't feel like you are hurting yourself to eat it.  The pecan bread pudding is also very good, and it's a good idea to share.
I recommend everyone go a few times and try multiple places.Great place to grab lunch with a group of people. With enough options to satisfy everyone's palette, prices from $3 biscuits and gravy to $35 sea food stack plus yummy deserts and a bar... everyone will be happy.
Heads Up: Free street parking but one way streets.Almost like food trucks in a market. Great place to try a variety from coffee, sandwiches, crepes, sweets, chicken, foreign, vegetarian, and even a bar. Very pretty, clean, and friendly vendors.The Eagle Street salad from Good Market in the food hall. It was amazing! The chicken had great flavor and I ate all of it, when usually in salads I don't touch the chicken. The dressing was light and fresh and the parm on top is the perfect touch. 10/10 would recommend!A great place. Individual vendors outdo each other with every kind of food and beverage. Like a food court for adults. With live music.  So much good food to choose from, it's hard to decide what to eat. We settled on a Gulf Seafood Tower of 5 different small plates at Elysian Seafood. Paired it with a glass of wine from the vendor next to it. Simply must come back here.Not the real market residents all wanted and asked for (the property is city-owned and leased), instead a high-end food court of prepared foods. So we lost that battle. 
Food - Theres tons of stuff to choose from and much of it is good. Expect to pay $10 an item and needing 1-2 for a meal. 
Service - many of the stall operators are incredibly grouchy. Perhaps it's due to the very high rents and subsequent need to work long shifts? I dunno but it can be pretty jarring.This is a delightful place to go for both breakfast and dinner! 
We enjoyed having the different places and cuisines to choose from. 
There's a coffee shop that has delicious coffee!
The live music on Friday evening was spectacular! 
Definitely found a go to place while in New Orleans.Off of the beaten path for tourists, we found out about this gem from our airbnb host, just a few block walking distance from our room. 
Came on a Friday night and was pleasantly surprised by the low key live music and beautiful interior of this place. A lot of history here as it used to be a market back in its day, after Katrina abandoned for many years and now back in its glory a beautiful, relaxing spot to dine. 
This place has something for everyone! About 15 plus difference stalls to pick from and then community tables in the middle. So pick a food stall, drinks and bring your friends to enjoy! Cheers.You've come a long way baby.  As time has passed this place has become better and better.  The vendors are better, the food is better, it's got a great vibe now.  It's not really a market but a confluence of start-up restaurants similar to Smallman Galley in Pittsburgh.  It's a fun place to go for a meal because everyone in your party can get exactly what they want to eat.  The range of food there is very wide and there's sure to be something for anyone who's hungry.  Bittersweet even has ice cream from Creole Creamery!!  There's a full bar and the staff that services everyone in the building are really great.Veg-filled Vietnamese spring rolls, fabulous salads, Creole trio, oysters, gelato, & more... something for everyone and it is all amazing!! Everything we've tried we loved. The atmosphere is lovely as well. Patio and indoor seating allows for a break from the heat or a breezy evening meal. Don't miss cocktails at the Mayhew.This place is so unassuming from the outside. I was pleasantly surprised as I walked in- they have a number of food stalls set up and you can walk around to have your pick. The coffee was very nice! The atmosphere is relaxed, beautiful set up for seating and the interior of it looks clean and beautiful.
They have juices, smoothie, coffee, sweets, crapes, Mexican, seafood & fish, and classic New Orleans food. Something for everyone really. Would highly recommend it!Great spot away from the French Quarter. We had the  Espresso Bean Frozen from the coffee vendor. Delicious does not even describe how good it was. We loved the community tables and laid back atmosphere. Such a great concept for multiple food vendors in one place, you walk around and read all the menus then TRY and make a decision on what you want.The atmosphere - lively, fun, friendly - is great. The remodeling is superb. The food, however, is okay, just okay, and expensive for what you get.
The desserts - and I'm a dessert lover - are bland and should be avoided. I gave it four stars only because the setting is superb and, like I said, the atmosphere is fun.
I would recommend going someplace else for dinner and then coming here for coffee, but remember, no dessert.It was our first time, and it won't be our last. Unfortunately, the crazy, unpredictable weather in NOLA didn't allow for us to sit outside, due to the breeze and overcast weather. I love outdoors & this was one of the things that sold me here. Still in all, this place is great, especially if you're with a group and nobody has the taste for the same thing. You can eat at the same table but from a different restaurant. With so many options, on an empty stomach it can be a bit overwhelming, but you will be able to find something with such a variety at the market place. We decided to go with dirty dishes, and what a great choice. Anybody who knows me, know that I'm not the one for crepes, but today for some strange reason I decided to try something different.. Boy, was i in for a pleasant surprise. The wait was a bit long, but it was worth the wait. it was noon (brunch time), so that was expected.! I think i found a new summer spot!Sigh. As a Bywater resident, it is so very upsetting to receive a food court disguised as a Marketplace. I think they should consider changing the name, simply because the amount of produce and raw food they offer is maybe...MAYBE 10% of the entire establishment. I think it is only fair to call it a market if 50% or more was a grocery store. We were really hoping for a local market to buy raw meats and local produce etc. The only upside is that the building is beautiful and it is better than being abandoned I guess.  
Moving on...as others have mentioned, Koreole is absolutely delicious. This is probably one of the cheapest vendors (8-10$) a plate in the market. (((If Koreole was a separate location, they would get 4-Stars in a stand-alone review))). Anyway, I went there with my partner, and it was hard to find a spot to sit because the rain caused everyone to congregate inside. We decided to sit at the bar with our food. And here is my experience from Mayhaw Bar...
The bartender is rude as hell, and if we are paying for expensive drinks, I at least want a a little hospitality to come along with that $11 gin fizz. I am already over this bar and never going back. I am also kind of over this "market." If I do go back, its because I cant stop thinking about Koreole!I absolutely love this place. I come here for coffee and probably ate at all the vendor. Sometimes it is too crowded where we are bumping into each other trying to pass in the small aisle. I don't remember the bartenders name I had but they are always nice and helpful, even adjust a drink to my liking after experimenting tasting new drinks.There's a great variety of food, this place has lots of food stands to choose from. I got to taste the fried shrimp, the brisket, the dumplings, the spring rolls (the spring roll sauce was outstanding), the kale salad and the avocado toast.I love this place, My friends and I went here for a light lunch but then ended up trying so many foods!  The Mexican place had Elotes - roasted corn which were amazing! So many fresh made to order food from various food establishments, a must experience when coming to New Orleans!Such an awesome idea and a great addition to our NOLA visit - really incredible vendors at this food hall - all offering fresh, healthy and delicious choices - we had the Sue Bird Salad from Good Bird, the chicken was so tender and juicy - we also tried this ChocoHeaven smoothie from the Daily Beet - super yummy - I cant wait to visit again. All of the vendors had excellent menu selections and all of the employees were so friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend popping by St Roch.St. Roch Market is a wonderful place to grab a bite to eat. It's essentially a food court that is home to a large number of local food options. The businesses are lined up on each side of the building and range from traditional New Orleans cuisine, seafood, barbecue, pastries, Mexican food, coffee, mixed drinks, and so on. I visited for breakfast and had the New Orleanian Omelet from Fritai, which features Haitian/New Orleans fusion style food. The Omelet was delicious and filled with flavorful smoked sausage, melted cheddar cheese, fresh green peppers and onions and topped with a briny savory crawfish etouffee. Given the variety and quality of the food offered, this is the type of place I would frequent often if I were a local.Great selection and variety! Feels like the food markets in Europe - wish there were more places like this around the USA.Wonderful experience. Clean, gorgeous venue with a little bit of everything to choose from. The kale salad from Juice NOLA is a must- light and delicious. The dirty Florentine crepe at Dirty Dishes is divine. Sit at the bar in the back while you eat and enjoy a glass of vino. Gentrified or not- New Orleans was in desperate need of something like this. The only con would be that the half of the staff I encountered seemed very unimpressed that you were there.I wanted to love St Roch Market. But I didn't.
Maybe I just need to go back after a little while. I went a couple of Fridays ago for dinner and it was just way too crazy. Finding seating was really tough, so I was fixated on dealing with that, so I wasn't thinking about what I was going to eat, and then I finally got around to ordering more food (my friend had ordered some food already) and I got a charcuterie and cheese board thinking that would be quick but then it didn't end up being quick and everything was just a bit too crazy for me.
I was really excited about Lagos because I had a bunch of Ghanaian friends in college and absolutely love West African food, but I wasn't impressed with it. The stew they had when I visited was very salty and not as flavorful as I hoped for, and it's really weird to me that jollof rice is served on its own rather than with some type of protein or stew. If you do order a stew and the jollof, then your total comes up to like $20, and with that price tag, I'd expect a dining experience that isn't as hectic and maybe has table service.
I may still go back to get my K friend chicken fix from Koreole, but maybe after a while.So basically this is like a higher end food court.  It has a cool vibe. Great coffee. Great ceviche. Good wine. I just think this place is pricey for a "market."I have a lot of mixed feelings about this place. It clearly doesn't belong here, this isn't for the people who live in the area, this was built to attract affluent white people and "revitalize" the folks who do live here right out of their homes. I've also heard it was developed in part from misappropriated Katrina relief funds- I'd be interested to know if there's any truth to that. I was staying three blocks north of St. Claude and definitely kept my wits about me while walking around. The moment I came up on this place I literally stopped in my tracks. What was it DOING here? All these, ahem, hipsters were sitting out front. Observe them in their natural habitat. 
For those from NYC, it's like the idea of Essex Street Market meeting the controversy of the High Line. And it felt like it belonged in NYC. Juicers and kale, ample sunshine and bright white paint, and prices that seemed completely normal to me because I ain't even from here. 
But from what I've read and been told, the vendors who operate out of the market are all locals. And their stuff is good. Really good. The gumbo has done nothing wrong, don't get mad at the gumbo- get mad at the packaging it's coming in.
Dirty Dishes and King Creole were my two favorite vendors. Dirty makes phenomenal mac n cheeses, King does a sinful duck gumbo, and both work decadent magic when you combine them together. I also loved The Curious Oyster Co's blueberry lemonade. 
Service from everyone is friendly. You get real plates and silverware and then leave them at your table when you're done- people come around and clear them away for you. There's free water in the back. 
They sell a small amount of produce, homemade kimchi (I will say nothing more about that), local sauces, condiments, and other food items. 
So in short, I loved what they were offering and would have given them 5 stars if they had set up shop elsewhere. I just can't shake the feeling that this is a terrible thing, the first foothold of gentrification for the neighborhood in a city that's already been hit hard by it.As part of a last minute change in dinner plans my husband and I went to St. Roch Market with friends. We had planned to go at some point in our visit but decided to go spur of the moment on a Sunday night around 8:00. Dirty Dishes' Dirty Mac was all I had hope it would be. It was the right balance of creamy Gouda Mac and crawfish and Tasso. And we got the last one of the night! We also shared a Louisiana Crawfish Cake from Elysian Seafood. Loved the poblano aioli! Our friends tried to order from one place that was out of everything they wanted. They then tried to order wraps at a different place but the place didn't have wraps so they made it into a sandwich using ciabatta bread. They enjoyed their meal but it wasn't quite what they wanted. Dirty Dishes ran out of their entire menu as we ate. The food and atmosphere were completely worth it but get there early!When your walking down new Orleans make sure you stop in at St Roch Market. With so many different options from coffee to beer. So many different options between food and drinks his is the place for youDelicious food and a huge selection to choose from! I would recommend ordering small from each place, and get a little bit of everything! Everything was tasty and fresh! We ordered from 4 different stands and got one thing from each! I didn't get pictures of the other two, but they were Mac and cheese and some kind of potatoes I think! But everything was delicious!! Pictured here is the crab cake and bun bao!What an amazing place! We were staying a few blocks down on St. Roch and our hosts recommended the market right away. After our first visit, we fell in love. Wonderful variety of vendors, the staff is friendly and full of NOLA charm. It is about half a mile away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter, but close enough to stop by. It was never crazy busy, we were able to find seating inside or outside at anytime. The numerous options and selections of food keep us coming back for more. Everything is reasonably priced, all tasted great!Went on a date with another couple and it was really an enjoyable night. We each got items at different vendors so we got to try a little bit of everything which was fun. The oyster bar has big beautiful delicious oysters, but they are a bit expensive compared to other places. All the other vendors had less pricey items. Really loved the Beef Broth with Brisket from Koreole and the cheese & charcuterie board from Shank Charcuterie.I was craving some good pork belly...so naturally my mind lingered to a good Vietnamese spot. After searching for a bit online I realized that I have never been to St Roch Market! This place has a nice chill vibe with a variety of food vendors. We opted for some good ole pho and a few steamed buns from T2 Street Food. DALISH! Couple these with some drinks and u have a nice Wednesday night dinner. Will keep coming back until I have tried each vendor..Worth it! One of my favorite places to hang out, read, and enjoy good food and great company. 
Here are some of my favorite and top picks:
Elysian Fields Seafood - Market Ceviche
T2 Street Food - The Chairman Bao, any Pho
Juice Nola - Smokey Bear
La Mezcla - Guacamole & chips
The atmosphere and vibe is welcoming to all walks of life.Went for the first time for dinner and really loved the whole thing--the different vendors, the crowds, the service.  I had a lovely glass of rose from the bar and a tasty crabcake from Elysian Seafood.  It was one of the most diverse crowds I've seen in a New Orleans restaurant this whole trip, too, so I was happy to see a place that looked like it had all of New Orleans enjoying it.  Finally, I found the prices to be very reasonable and I say that because there seems to be some reviews that were shocked by prices.  $10 for a large, elegantly plated crab cake and $8 for a glass of wine was a bargain considering the atmosphere and the quality of my food.I love St. Roch Market. The market is both past and present. My friend tells me it reminds her of when she would come here years ago. I can only attest to what it is now since it has been blighted for the last 10 years. It is a beautiful open spen space where the vendors make you feel welcome. I have sampled a number of the dishes (all good) but must confess I'm addicted to Kristopher Doll's meat plate at Shank Charcuterie. I could eat it at least twice a week. Add a nice glass or two from the wine shop and you have a perfect dinner.The St.Roch Market removed the fresh food and produce area. The grocery section was never very large but was useful to me and my neighbors when we needed a last minute item. It is annoying because the market no longer serves the people who live next door. This place is a huge waste of public funding.Visited this space while visiting my daughter.  Reminded me of a much smaller Oxbow Market in Napa.  Had a great salad and really enjoyed the vibe.  Will definitely be back on my next visit.I wish I was more hungry when I came here. We stopped here for a quick snack and drinks, but with all the options available, you could easily return a dozen times and not try something twice. While I can't speak for every place, this is a safe bet for a group since I'm sure there's something for everyone here. Just be mindful of when you come since seating is limited.Big food court!  Big open space...plenty of seating.  Two rows of places to eat.  My first impressions when walking in was it's bright and clean looking.  Took a while to look at all the menus and decide what to eat.
The food here is really good...and tasty!  Prices are ok...maybe some items are a little high.  Coffee here was really good!  Strong! .  The staff are friendly for the most part.  In my opinion...bathroom is kind of small.  When the place gets packed...you might have to wait a little if you need to go.
Parking is ok...you have to park on the streets...but there's room along the side of the building.
Overall a great experience here...personally I liked this place.  Kind of wish my hometown had something like this.  If i ever go back to New Orleans...I would come back.St. Roch is a lovely place to spend a weekend afternoon. Many of the stalls offer both breakfast and lunch/dinner options so keep in mind if you're arriving mid morning/early afternoon that there is a transition time. 
Personal favorites are Goodbird for delicious wraps and salads and Fritai for Caribbean inspired food.