Great for breakfast. A bargain for the French Quarters. Pleasant surprise.Breakfast here was seriously amazing. There was a half hour wait but they will text you when your table is almost ready and there is so much to do in Jackson square, it was nbd.  The staff was friendly and funny. They were also great with suggestions. The bloody Mary's were probably the best I've tasted.  Their "Stanley smash" is the reason in writing, however.  It was the lightest, most refreshing beverage.  It's a mix of three teas and vodka.  Soooooo amazing!  Try it- you won't be sorry.  
The only thing we didn't like was they potato salad. Not bad just a little bland and not inline with the tastiness of their other dishes.A must visit every time I'm in New Orleans which is once a year. The Breaux Bridge Benedict is my personal fav, but any Bennie from Stanley is a friend of mine. Word of warning Stanley is super popular so try to avoid breakfast and lunch rushes.This place was dynamite!  Went on a Saturday morning at 10:30 (prime time), waited about 20 minutes for our reservation, but enjoyed the square while we waited.  Coffee was great, thick and dark.  I had Eggs Benedict poor boy and it was a madman!  They bring it out on two giant crusty slabs of French bread - poached eggs, bacon/ham, and the Creole Hollandaise!  That stuff was off the freaking hook.  Service was excellent - they move 'em in and move 'em out yet I never felt rushed.  It was just a perfect experience.  Crazy crazy crazy good and the fact that it sits right on the square (and therefore could probably draw traffic with just a half effort) makes it even better.  Boo-freaking-yah!This was really the best eggs benedict I've had!  We had the Breaux bridge Benedict with a side of soft shell crab and fried oysters.  The presentation was just beautiful and everything was perfectly prepared.  Servers were great, kept coming back to check on us at the right time.  And we loved the music, it was a great electric mix of alternative, rock, and country gospel.  We laughed since the morning prior we ate at a terrible place, and had no idea Stanley's was just a few doors down - go figure!Fantastic unpretentious gem. Ate the standard gumbo which I found to be slightly less flavourful but great in terms of the proportion of meat versus the onions. My wife had the muffaletta which she said was delicious. 
The best part was the Bananas Foster ice cream. Definitely coming back for that again.
Also loved the fact that their wait staff just used iPhones with a credit card swipe. Made the payment experience a lot more pleasant and paper free.Delicious breakfast in casual environment and reasonable prices.  Had the bananas foster French toast, which was good.  The eggs Benedict and other breakfast items looked delicious if not in such a sweet tooth mood.Culinary brilliance abounds at Stanley.  I had the best Eggs Benedict of my life here.  Two perfect soft poached eggs atop two soft mini sourdough baguettes, drizzled with hollandaise sauce, with little bits a pastrami around the base.  Not only did it taste great, but it looked like a work of art.  My wife got the corned beef which was also amazing.  
The service was great and it's located just off of Jackson Square, which makes for a nice view.  5 stars.Came twice during my recent trip to NOLA (my boyfriend loved their fried oyster eggs Benedict), however I was unfortunately unimpressed on both visits. 
I got the banana foster french toast on the first visit, which was fine but nothing special. On the second visit I got a bowl of gumbo because I was feeling sick and wanted something more soupy. The Gumbo was incredibly salty and had very little in it. It felt more like a soup in how watery it was, but more like a chili in how salty it was (which I've learned is not a good combination). Worse was that it came served with two thin slices of white bread, completely soggy from having been served already in the bowl. 
Had he requested to go a third time I'd have had to say no.One of us was happy with the meal and the other not so much. One of us asked to substitute the Canadian Ham for Spinach on the Soft Shell Crab Eggs Benedict and the Spinach came out uncooked; like a salad. She was expecting cooked spinach that would have been put on the muffin. The other of us liked the same meal very much as on menu. Service was excellent. Tables a bit tight especially being next to some loud folks who gave no mind to anyone else there. All in all a very fun, enjoyable spot to pick up Sunday brunch.I can honestly say I'm not a fan of New Orleans food but Stanley's is the single best place I went to my entire week-long stay in the French Quarter. 
One major lesson I learned in NOLA: DO NOT trust a majority of yelp reviews for places! (San Diego is much different) 
Okay. Now, let's get to it: 
Came here for brunch. Pleasantly surprised by the amazing service - JOE (thank you so much!) and the good food: 
1. Grits with bacon and cheese - best grits in town, hands down. 
2. Gumbo with potato salad - against Joe's recommendation, I got the potato salad on the side. But after trying it, I ended up throwing it in the gumbo NOLA style anyway. So good! 
Thanks for the brunch & great service.I'm gonna have to update my review to 5 stars... My husband and I went there again this morning. (Two days in a row...yes!) 
I had Banana Fosters French toast. OMG it was so good I wanted to lick the plate. 
Yum yum yum. Highly recommended.This place is ok, but way overrated. You're in the French quarter. Step it up, Stanley. Stanley is about as bland as the character of the same name from the office. 
So first off, the line is atrocious. I sweated through a very thick shirt while waiting over an hour to get in here. I also got through the cafe du monde line and ate my beignets before getting through the line. Waiting in this line took so long that the Germans have made a Stanley line-waiting simulator.
Once we got in, the waitress apparently hated us. It was too cool for us, rather. She loved to not talk to us. She barely bothered to take our order. That part was fun. 
As long as the food is good right? Nah, the food was meh, at best. I got the pastrami corned beef hash, and let me tell you, this plate was beautiful. I had one beignet all day and it was past noon and this only made me hungrier. Potatoes topped with meat and eggs, and then a beautiful, colorful sauce layered on top. It was perfect. I took a bite of the potatoes... Flavorless mush. Huh. They looked seasoned, but didn't taste like it. And no crispness at all. Ok, whatever. The pastrami? It was under seasoned too. So I have potatoes and meat that when combined taste like a redneck thanksgiving, complete with horse meat. Ech. Surely the sauce will save it! Wait... Is this sauce just paste with food coloring? It literally tastes like nothing. It is there for texture only, it seems. 
Ok, so after that we ordered the banana split. It wasn't anything special, but it was cool enough that it made me not think about my shirt which was actually fused with my skin at this point. And it distracted me from the fact that I just paid to have a nursing home dinner fed to me.
2/5 partially saved by by mediocre banana split.Before we went into this place, someone told us it was "insanely good"! He couldn't have been more wrong. We both ordered he Stanley Classic breakfast without the bacon and plus cheese. I've never had creole potatoes but my guess is they are better elsewhere. They were a really mushy version of hash browns. The eggs were good and the coffee was good. But not insanely good. The biggest plus was that our server was very friendly and attentive.I had the (NOT- just topped with uncooked bananas) Banana Foster French Toast - the serving was miniscual and expensive, it was swimming in syrup and looked and tasted like it was made the day before - really awful!  Maybe they do other things better...
Also, had the worst seat in the house by the stairs to the bathroom.  I would have objected, but my friend took the table before/without me :(I was lucky enough to come back to New Orleans for a conference in February, and I dragged the whole office to Stanley for breakfast one morning.  "Trust me" I told them.  We had a 30-minute wait when we got to Stanley.  "Trust me" I told them as they griped.
They all ended up eating at Stanley at least twice more in the few days we were there.  We covered the entire menu, and absolutely everything is drool-worthy.
My favorite restaurant in town.Brunch on a Monday includes a double decked  cheeseburger and sweet potato fries. My friends both had Jambalaya and salads. Coffee was a bit too rich (even with cream it was nearly black) and the service a bit slow. Although lovely location with a warm feel right on Jackson Square.Service was as expected, nothing over the top but they see hundreds of tourists a day...
The breakfast menu was really nice, easy to make a decision because it is somewhat limited as compared to something like the Ruby Slipper. Over a weekend we ended up having the omelette sandwich which was incredible and hit the spot for a simple sandwich with a little flare. We also had the pastrami and corned beef hash as well as the eggs Benedict po boy. Both were off the chart, french bread was really, really good. 
Bloody Mary left much to be desired, but wasn't a waste. It looked like it was bottled mix, too many good flavors down here to use a mix...I did not have one the following visits. 
We heard that the other meals were great but we only visited this for a few breakfasts as it is about a 60 second walk from Place D'Armes. 
Everyone should download the NoWait app in this town, a lot of places use it and you can see line lengths and your position in line so you don't waste your time just standing around. It just shoots you a text message when your table is ready and you have 5-10 minutes to either text back or show up.
Give it a try, no reason not too, we really liked the food.Always top notch. Manager, Tabatha, helpful, pleasant and a great person.
Breakfasts can't be topped in the Quarter.Get there earlier than you want to eat and put your name in. Love that they'll text you when your table is ready so you can walk around the square. Cocktails were solid, service was impeccable and - oh yeah - the food was delish. The soft-shell crab po boy was amazing, as was the omelette sandwich with "The Works." (They actually forgot my bacon in the omelette, but it was so good I didn't care.) They have a bar next door where you can get sandwiches, cocktails, etc to go, too. (Cocktail to go while you stroll the Square and wait for the text from the hostess? Yes, please!) This was a fave of the friends we were with and I could see why. I'll be back.Best reuben I've ever had.  Was in town for a bachelor party, and went here for lunch on a Saturday.  The reuben was so good that I came back for lunch the next day.  Absolutely Mouthwatering.Great restaurant right on Jackson square. The waitress and workers were very nice.  We enjoyed their music and had street performers outside. Great environment. Great milk shakesWe skipped Cafe Du Mond and went to Stanley as it had great reviews as well. Were not disappointed! Cozy atmosphere and friendly staff. The food was prepared quickly and was very fresh. The Latte was exactly what I needed that Niger going for the day. I would return to this place and might be a regular if I lived or worked in the area.The food was mediocre. The service was rude. The ladies room was a mess. Totally unimpressed.Absolutely LOVE Stanley. This is my jam every time I come to Nola.
The Benedict with the boudin is Out Of This World!! I don't even like holondaise sauce but something about the Southern French style is wonderful. DEFINITELY get the Stanley Screamer - it's herbal teas with a a Firefly-like vodka. It is SO refreshing that I have tried to make it at home and it never comes out as good. Get a 2nd or 3rd one to-go!Surprisingly good! I assumed that the location would mean so-so food (its right in the middle of our most touristy areas).  Eggs Stanley was divine!  Tip: download the "Nowait" app to get in line before you arrive.Please go here. My friend and I went on a Sunday in August, at about 12:30pm. The wait was 15 minutes, but I have read reviews that there can be a much longer wait. We were very lucky. We went with the intention of ordering brunch, they serve breakfast all day. I was going to get the bananas foster French toast, which I'm sure would have been amazing, but we both ended up with burgers instead. You know, sometimes, you just want a burger. I had the Bacon double cheeseburger (it's called something 77). Oh please get this. I originally ordered it with the relish on the side (I'm a bit of a picky eater), but when it came out, I just poured everything onto the burger and went for it. The 2 patties were nice and thin, so it wasn't impossible to eat. Though, with all the toppings and sauce, it was a bit messy. I had a side of sweet potato fries, which were very good. Again, as I've experienced in NOLA, there was no sweet tea. I had a coke. My friend had the regular double cheeseburger with regular fries. Again, looked fantastic. We had a table right at the window, looking out at the church and the square. Great place for people watching. Even if there is a long wait, they text you when your table is ready, so you can shop in the little shops right along that area while you wait. Our waiter was awesome, he was very friendly (I think his name was Bill) and he was very helpful. We asked him what we should do that afternoon since we had already done most of what the Quarter had to offer and he had some good suggestions. I'm sure he answers questions like that all day err day, but he didn't seem to mind at all. Also, the bathroom was very clean.Came here for a late breakfast and it was really good! Service was quick, food was tasty, we were in and out in about 30 minutes. I had the bananas foster french toast with a side of their creole potatoes, which were both delicious, and my husband and mother in-law had omelette sandwiches, which they chowed down. The only thing I wish is they had were a few more breakfast options, but overall, we had a pleasant experience!My family & I visited New Orleans this past weekend. I used Yelp to find the best restaurant & Stanley was top rated. Once we entered we were greeted. The waiter Ashley was very rude. She asked us what we wanted to drink, at that time we did not want anything. Once she came back we was ready to order drinks. She said very rudely," well now I have to redo the entire menu". With the service we had with Ashley I will not recommend this restaurant. For the cost and service it should have been better.While in New Orleans my girlfriend and I tried out Stanley I ordered the Eggs Benedict po'boy. The Benedict was okay, the hollandaise sauce was very runny the ham was so thin there was more bread then anything. The eggs were cooked perfectly for meal. My food was mediocre at best. My girlfriends breakfast was banana foster she loved it and I tried some it was really good. If I ever ate Stanley's again that's what I would order. Our waiter was okay as well nothing special got our drinks slower then average and it was just 1 hot coffee and one cold coffee nothing to hard.Good breakfast choice if you find yourself around Jackson Square and don't want to fight the powdered sugar crowd at Cafe DuMonde.  We had Eggs Benedict and the Omelette sandwich. Both were tasty.  The ambience is good, and a window seat lets you watch the street performers, in our case, 2 magicians, while you dine.  Definitely on my New Orleans favorites list.We visited this place out of opportunity: it started pouring rain so we decided to go in and get a coffee and wait out the storm. 
While we did not eat here we had looked at the menu online and had seriously considered it for breakfast. 
I had a coffee, my gf had a milkshake with liquor of some kind in it. That was a big upsell win because it was the difference between a $2.50 coffee  that I expected to pay and a $10 drink that I ended up getting for her. She liked it well enough.
The service staff was not at all attentive though. Would have been 3 stars if not for that.Stanley is my go-to for eggs benny when in NOLA. It's well located on the edge of Jackson Square across the stress from Muriel's in the French Quarter.
Food: Amazeballs! Especially if you love eggs benedict. On this trip we ordered the Stella and the Beaux Bridges. The Stella is two perfectly poached eggs covered in a sublime hollandaise, sitting atop English muffins with a deep fried soft shell crab parked next to it. Beaux Bridges has the similar eggs and hollandaise served on top of boudin (local sausage) and French bread. We split the email to share each dish. Add a side of bacon and cheese grits as it's also equally delicious. Top off your meal with a cup of cafe au lait. 
Service: We were greeted and seated quickly, and water was brought to us as we were sitting down! Meals come out quickly, and water glasses are refilled just as efficiently. Coffee is topped up, and everyone is friendly and helpful. 
Cost: Two breakfasts, a side, and two coffees ran us about $30 after tax. 
Overall: Not to be missed. Weekends can be busy, however, you can make reservations directly from the Yelp! app, which is amazing.Good Oyster Po Boys.. Burgers were so so
Fries awesome! Good Grits ! Clean and hospitable but not awesome.Shrimp poor boy ($13.50) was yummy. Finishable size. Husband wasn't impressed with the shrimp eltouffe ($17.00). (" needs more flavor") Potato salad was good, but the type with huge chunks potatoes which weren't fully cooked in the middle. White Russian milkshake ($12.50) was yummmmay. 
Called and were told 45min wait. Can't put name on list from phone or make a reservation. We arrive 10min later and are seated right away... 
Good location. A little on the tight side, but more cozy than squished crowded. Very nice servers. 
Things to note: bathrooms on the second floor. Servers run your credit card from their phones tableside. All sides are extra--about $4 each, so bill adds up!!Unbelievably delicious. I had the small gumbo and added the bacon & cheese grits. It was beyond good. I wish it came with corn bread rather than plain Italian bread. I can get bread in NY. Other than that it was perfect. Seasoned well. The meat and oysters in the gumbo were perfectly cooked.I had the eggs Stanley. It was good but they're stingy on the oysters, especially for the price. If it came with more oysters I would have given it a 5 star.I still have mixed feelings. 
We arrived at peak lunch-time on a Sunday and only had to wait ten minutes, though it was busy and pleasantly crowded. If you want to avoid the crowd though -- and this is particularly recommendable for groups of more than two people -- come after 1pm when the bulk of it has dispersed. The host and waiters that greeted and serviced us were friendly and savvy, though nothing remarkable. 
My Stanely burger was delicious, but I can't say that it's unique to this venue. It was certainly a relieving break from the Cajun goodness. My boyfriend had the Soft Shell Crab poboy and didn't like it -- I tried a bite and found it quite scrumptious, so I suppose it's a matter of taste. It's essentially whole fried crab with cocktail sauce and spicy remoulade dressing on bread, sandwich-style. Hearty meal. 
The venue itself is comfortable: small French-cafe tables and high ceilings, spacious hall with many windows and a lot of light, generally more contemporary than most French Quarter restaurants, and a bar in the center looking onto the open kitchen. 
Since mid-August heat is quite unbearable for extended periods of time, particularly when you're digesting food and sipping red wine, I must admit that I would have enjoyed some much-needed air conditioning rather than the overhead ceiling fans -- which weren't quite doing the trick. But hurrah for being environmentally-friendly!
Speaking of environmentally-friendly...Stanley is so green, in fact, that the establishment even hosts local fauna. Yes, I witnessed a cockroach scurry from, onto, and in between patrons, climb on the bar foot-rest, and disappear into a crevice. While I'm perfectly aware that these critters frequent essentially every restaurant and city -- despite our (fortunate) oblivion to them -- and particularly where humid heat, crowds, and food co-exist in close quarters, the unpleasant sight still tarnished the overall experience.
The bill was a touch expensive for two average entrees, a glass of wine, a bottle of water, and a mediocre chocolate milkshake ($50 pre-tip). Conveniently located on a corner of Jackson Square. Dress code is casual.
Can't say that I recommend Stanley when there's so many other tasty options in the French Quarter.After a failed experience at cafe du monde we headed to Stanley not knowing what we were in for. Good thing we tried it out. It was exactly what I was looking for. Friendly service, quick service and efficient service. I got the pancakes (3) with home made Ice cream on top. A definite first for me. When checking out if your paying by card they use and ipod to swipe and then have you sign on it with a provided stylus. A place up with the times. 
I only dock a star for the portion provided. Only pancakes wasn't the best, a side being offered would be nice. This is just a preference.Not sure what the hype is all about. Standard buffet food served without the buffet. Decent but not for the wait and the price.Good food but not hot enough..a little cool when served. Coffee has chicory which is great. Good service. A definite breakfast spot!I had to wait two hours so at the time I wasn't in the mood for brunch food. I settled with the Ruben which was really good if you are a ruben lover like me. Sweet potatoes were good and fresh. The only complaint is the wait time which is totally understandable since this place is known for their brunch food.! We came all the way from Detroit to have Stanley's coffee. Wes was the best server we had and he answered all of our tourists questions !! Thanks Wes you're the best !!! We recommend Stanley's to everyone !Great service but terrible food. Don't let the slick website fool you. Overly salted and overly greasy food is also overpriced for what you receive. A shame as it's a great location, and our waitress was wonderful. Won't be back.My friend (a local) brought me here when I came to visit. This is one of his favorite spots. I had read the menu prior to arrival and was ready. We called ahead to see the wait time 5 minuets prior to our arrival as we were walking. We were told there was no wait. We arrived promptly and there was no seating available and we were asked to wait outside as the only room to wait blocks the main entrance we returned outside to kill time. As guests exited we returned, saw open tables and were excited only to be told to wait outside until they called us on the phone ‍ Finally the call came and we were seated and hungry  
We were seated and ordered. Between the four of us we had the red beans and rice, the omelette sandwich, soup of the day (corn chowder) and the Breaux Bridge Benedict. PHENOMENAL FOOD! All of the entrees. The Benedict was cooked perfectly and the boudin was delicious. The corn chowder was hearty and super flavorful with bacon  inside. The pecan bacon on the omelette sandwich  put a 10 on the cheesy goodness. 
Due to the seating and service is the only reason they did not receive five stars from me. Enjoy the food, pickup and take out or brave the cramped seating and mediocre service for one of the best breakfasts  I've had here all week.Service wasn't as fast considering the restaurant wasn't even packed, but the food was really good. I had the red beans and rice and a soft shell crab on the side. The red beans and rice was perfectly spiced and not salty as all. I love soft shell crab and Stanley's version did not disappoint. I could have used a refill on my water which did not happen until I was able to finally wave down one of the waiters.3.5 stars. Pretty good brunch spot. Service was so-so. Had to wave someone down for a while to ask for the check and etc. But they always refilled our water timely. The food wasn't bad. Enjoyed the Benedict with the soft shell crab and oysters but the poached eggs were really vinegar-y. The banana fosters were pretty good too! We ordered a side of bacon (cost us 4$) and it was the thinnest two strips of bacon ever. Two strips for 4$??? Confusion is still to be had over this.The atmosphere was enjoyable as the staff greeted us with smiles. My wife had the Stanley Classic and I had the French Toast. There is something about having ice cream on your French to that complete this tasty classic. Served with bananas and walnuts. The classic had a combination of eggs, best freaking bacon, Cajun style hashbrowns, toast. The coffee they served us would have made our grandmother proud! The prices were comparable to other restaurants in the area. If you get a chance you should add Stanley to your places to try.Came here for brunch one day when I was wanting eggs benedict. Service was very aloof and confused (got asked a couple times by different people for our order after we had given it to another server, then didn't get waters until half way through the meal). The food was fine. Nothing to write home about. I felt like everything about the restaurant was to funnel people in and out as fast as possible while serving up over-priced dishes and drinks (ie. strictly a money machine). 
I wouldn't go back to this soulless, formulaic, tourist restaurant. 
I would be much happier forking over the cab fare to the Country Club any day.Skip the tourist trap on another corner of Jackson Square & hit up "Stanley"! My son ordered the pancakes, & it comes topped with a scoop of homemade vanilla ice cream. That was a hit. I got Gumbo for breakfast, & it was great. Friendly servers, good food, & a great atmosphere.We did breakfast here. I had the fried oyster salad which was delectable and the service was spot on... My 4 star review rather than 5 is simply because their pancakes were very disappointing. In New Orleans I expect those super fluffy sweet cream dreams that everyone serves. These were quite ordinary although packed with blueberries. Bring on the sensational New Orleans pancakes guys!!! I never even use syrup because the cakes are so perfect.Maybe we came at a busy time,  but I expected my experience to be better. 
Service was a bit slow,  waiting for utensils, etc. Food came promptly. 
The Banana Foster French Toast was good,  but I wouldn't say it is a repeater.
The Breaux Bridge Benedict was pretty good,  but again, I wouldn't say it is a repeater. 
The Gumbo was delish.  I like heat. It was more watery than other gumbos I've had in the past.  Maybe this is more authentic? 
We also had fried oysters as a side. Delicious fried goodness with a kicking sauce. Note: 7 fried oysters for $7.
Overall, not a bad place in a great location.  But there isn't anything grabbing me to return.I stumbled on this place while walking around the French Quarter, mostly because it started to rain. I'm really glad I did! My only regret is I didn't try it for breakfast as I hear it's awesome (and served all day). I had a crab po-boy. The sauce! The cole-slaw! What an explosion of flavor. I usually don't like cole slaw but this by far made this the best po-boy I tried in New Orleans. A bit pricey for a sandwich but I thoroughly enjoyed it.Like most of the posts, I am in love with the sea food platter and the beaux Bridge Benedict... Hubster and I had both and we're not disappointed at all.. the menu is not vast and that in itself is a good thing as the place tends to focus on making whatever they have on the menu, the best possible way... service etc all quite prompt.. there's a bit of a wait, but nothing which you can't keep track of on Yelp!We are so disappointed. We checked a lot before we finally saved the last day in NOLA's brunch for this restaurant. We were offered several extra plates to share some of the dishes. The first four they brought had a kind of leaf left on one of them, and I don't think it has been washed carefully, it's really gross. Then they brought another four, this time, something white left on one of the plate. It's really a bad experience during the whole trip. Will never come back again!!!We shared the muffuletta and the gumbo, with an apple fritter afterwards. "Normal" sized sandwiches (not humongous), the muffuletta was fresh and not too oily. The gumbo was savory with perfectly cooked shrimp and bread well matched for soaking up the jus.  For some it might be too salty, but I found it flavorful. Clean, delicious, and won't rob your bank account. Can't wait to go back and try more off the menu.If you need 4,000 calories to fix a hangover the bananas foster smells like Christmas and makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside. It can also erase any memory of regret and debauchery. The staff is as warm and friendly and will offer you a delicious brunch beverage to go. Any seat is a good seat and makes you miss New Orleans before you even left. Disclaimer: I've had a large mimosa and the bananas foster so everything and everyone is wonderful right now.Great service. Great location. Great food. Possibly the best gumbo I've had in my life. Food came out insanely fast. So fast that it's kind of troubling. Like did someone else order this and they didn't want it?? Food service in New Orleans is very fast in general though. 
It's a little on the pricey side, but it's worth it. I got the Eggs Stanley. Basically like an Eggs Benny with fried oysters instead of canadian bacon. The hollandaise was excellent and had a nice lemon flavor to compliment the oysters a little more than a traditional one would. I was surprised it didn't come with any type of starch for 14 dollars, but I guess this place just wants you to order that stuff a la carte. As previously mentioned the gumbo here is nutso bonkers. Great dark roux full of flavor but having a thinner soupier consistency than most. 
The place is right in Jackson Square so expect some decent people watching any time of day.Last place I ate at on this trip to NO, and best of the lot for lunch. I had a muffuletta with sweet potato fries and a bowl of alligator gumbo; the NOLA version of comfort food. If you sit by the the windows, you get free entertainment as well; the action around Jackson Square never ends.My wife and I enjoyed the breakfast spot in the french quarter. The breakfast sandwich had me sing, "Kiki do you love me?" As it had me in my feelings. Great spot in the french quarter, wait time can be a little long but you can go to the museum and waste some time or sit in Jackson square as we did.Busy place in Jackson Square - Food is overpriced service at bar was very good, food was mediocre though came on time 
Touristy place - nothing speciala great place! i was on vacation and that's enough reason to be a glutton, i think.  i got the breaux bridge benedict to be all New Orleans-like and i liked it a lot! typically boudin isn't really my thing but i think it worked in this dish for me. and i was extra greedy and got the bananas foster french toast too. ice cream in the morning? hells yes! it was super sweet and just what i expected it to be. the staff was nice and pretty attentive. i would recommend it to anybody going to New Orleans and hanging in the french quarter during the brunch hours.Came here with a group of 6. Waitress was good and prompt. I had the French toast and I was not impressed. Like they took a whole bucket of cinnamon toast and dumped it on bread. However to be fair I polled the table and they would give it a four vs. three so the table wins. Some other comments from the table is that the French toast had a lot of cinnamon and it made the taste redundant but that they would still make give it an excellent. Everyone at the table would rate their meal a four or a four and a half. Some other things at the table include the pancakes, the soft crab, and the Stanley Classic.Basically amazing. In NOLA for 4 days with the GF and swung through here for Sunday brunch. The food was outrageously good. She got the omelette sandwich and I got the Breaux Bridge. We were both very happy. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the flavors were great. The only real issue was the wait. It was nothing compared to Cafe du Monde but still long. Luckily there's a lot to see just walking around nearby. 
I highly recommend the shakes as well. We got the Irish Coffee one and it was great.Great food. Loved the cheesy grits and their Reuben sandwich was fabulous. The eggs Stanley was something you should only have in NOLA, awesome.Located in the heart of the French Quarter, Stanley Restaurant accomplishes in providing delicious creole favors that will satisfying those looking for an authentic New Orlean's meal. With the combination of famous dishes found in Louisiana and other modern cuisines, there is something for everyone. The waiting time was acceptable and not bad at all. Would definitively recommend.While we were a little disappointed that they were out of oysters for our visit, the friendly and prompt service, above average Bloody Mary and Fantastic Breaux Bridge Benedicts definitely made up for it. Definitely a great place for breakfast and brunch if you're in the Jackson Square area.The only reason I gave this a 4 stars is because I feel like the service had a little be of attitude. Other then that the food was great the pancakes were normal pancakes nothing crazy but they were yummy. I got the eggs Benedict  and they were perfect. The mimosa was strong for me but I'm always a light weight lol. Busy place right next to Jackson square. It was also in a great location because you could walk around and shop after.Friendly service. Wonderful location. Unfortunately we had to sit right in front of construction equipment outside. But that's temporary. Had Eggs Stanley and Bananas Foster French Toast. Oysters in the Eggs Stanley were absolutely perfect. Ice cream in the French Toast had to be homemade. The vanilla taste was so smooth.The staff was very pleasant and treated us like family. The Breaux Bridge Benedict was simply to die for.I got the bananas foster French toast. It was so delicious! Definitely recommend this place!I got the Eggs Benedict Poor Boy. I give the food 2 stars and the service 1 star. The waitress was okay but the fact the manager stood by the bar throughout our entire experience and didn't stop to tend to our concerns... terrible. The grits were cold and we waited too long for the check on a Monday. Disappointed.Recommended by the hotel.  Had to wait 30 min for lunch, so our expectations were high.  Gumbo - nicely done, generous amt of shrimp.  Oyster as well as korean bbq po-boys - ok, could had used more meat on the poboy.  A bit pricey for lunch.Three words.
BREAUX BRIDGE BENEDICT.
The boudin was this amazing ball of melt in your mouth pulled pork lightly fried with rice and spices. Perfectly poached eggs on top of the boudin on top of toasted baguette slices, with american cheddar cheese. It was so yum!! Good serving size.
Double mimosas are the best. Lattes aren't very good. But I'm not coming to Stanley for coffee!!!!The breaux bridge Benedict was amazing, had no idea what to expect from a boudin Benedict as I've never had boudin before and was pleasantly surprised. That with the chicory root coffee was to die for. Highly recommend to anyone in the area!Super quick in to a table on Thursday morning. No wait at all.
Mega Mary was FANTASTIC.
Boudin benedict with fried oysters.. increddddible.
Dining companion did lunch, the thanksgiving turkey sandwich. Also amazing.
This is a MUST GO place for breakfast if staying near Bourbon.Good at any time of the day. Inexpensive, fresh, friendly, and a great view of the French Quarter.Great breakfast and brunch! Wonderful waitress and nice atmosphere! If me and my wife are ever back in NOLA we will definitely be back! It was also great to be so close to the Andrew Jackson park.Husband and I came here for breakfast. We don't really like seafood/he's allergic to it so we both opted for the club sandwich. It was mediocre at best. The bread was terribly mushy and barely toasted. I hated the ham in the sandwich (I actually picked it out) because it overpowered everything else and I wasn't a big fan of the Swiss cheese either. Somehow the flavors didn't work together. The turkey breast was actually just deli meat, not grilled turkey breast. My bacon was actually burnt.
Please note, the sandwich was cold (even though club sandwiches are usually hot and it was on the lunch menu)... I usually love club sandwiches so this was really disappointing. Our server was really nice though, thus the 2*...
We won't be coming back though.We had the hose breakfast - eggs Benedict with corn crusted oysters - delicious. 
15 min wait but once sat down the service was fast, efficient and courteous. 
Happy to wait for a table to receive rod and serve like this.  
Highly recommendedOn our exceptionally cold New Orleans vacation, Stanley was the one place we ventured upon that was open depsite it all. Paul was our server and he was very good. I wasn't thrilled with my dinner but beggars can't be choosers. 
Breakfast, on the other hand, was something special! The Breaux Bridge benedict was pretty awesome. I'd go back for it in a heartbeat. 
Casual and easy going, Stanley is a good place to wander in for a relaxed, tasty brunch.All of the Benedicts I've had here are really tasty but I especially loved the Breaux Bridge. I love anything with boudin. And if you're really looking to go nuts go with the bananas foster french toast.I was excited to eat here and for the most part I think my breakfast was good. However here is my complaint:
I had the corn beef hash with poached eggs and toast. This was a huge plate of food, I could have fed 3 other people, a massive amount of large cubes of corned beef, the eggs were perfect, but came with just two small rounds of toast and not full size bread pieces, more like french bread cut into small slices. So I wanted more toast, they gave me three more small slices. I had this feeling they would charge me for them, but they charged me $2.50!!!!! really? this loaf of bread that must cost them pennies, they are already charging me $15 on the dish, and they can't give me a couple more slices of bread for free? It annoyed me. I think it's a scam, you need more bread to sop up the egg. So I am sure most people ask for more bread. And you're a tourist so you say what the hell, I'm on vacation, what's $2.50? but it's a scam in my book.Service was very fast and pleasant. Food was good ,but most of all liked the ambience and locationHad a few breakfasts here. Nothing unusual and nothing interesting or generous about the portions or presentations.  Eggs Benedict doesn't come with potatoes or sliced tomatoes or fruit.  Boring bread but good hollandaise.Epic. The shrimp/oyster po boy was easily the best I've ever had. The boudin eggs Benedict was to die for and the gumbo was fantastic as well. Seemed like everything our large group ordered was amazing, even the bloody Mary's. Very cool atmosphere just off Jackson square, you certainly get a little price influx because of location & touristy but awesome food, great service and we will definitely be back.If you get breakfast, almost everything is good. I got blueberry pancakes and a side of bacon. Oh yeah. Instead of butter, they're topped with vanilla ice cream. That's right.
Food was well made, and even during the breakfast rush, the staff was efficient and friendly. And we saw Kiefer Sutherland. That was rad.Just Ok in my opinion. Service was good but the food was overpriced for what they were offering and the drinks were way too expensive. Living in a place like DC you are used to high prices, but brunch -- and in New Orleans -- I'm not paying $8 for a mimosa that is not going unlimited.
It's just not happening. You can't charge that much for a cocktail down there when you aren't giving more then a champagne flute. I think that they price because they are on Jackson Square and they know a lot of tourists will stop in during their mornings. 
Our group left un impressed with their fair.Daughter and I had the Stanley Benedict. Eggs Benedict with fried oysters on top. I also had the sweet potato fries. Be sure and cut up your fried oysters and mix them in with your eggs Benedict! Yummy. Wait was about 15 mins. Prices were like the rest of NO. High, but to be expected in a tourist area. Also had their brandy and milk drink. That was Delicous!Delicious breakfast! 
Went last Saturday around noon and it was busy but service was top notch and efficient.
W ordered the classic Stanley breakfast, Po' Boys Eggs benedict, and coffee. Food was excellent and something about the coffee tasted ridiculously fresh and nicely brewed.
Vibe in the restaurant is lively and quite a few large groups were eating all together. It seemed to be more of a local spot with savvy "foodie" tourists.They're located in the French Quarter next to the cathedral so it's an easy find, but touristy because of their location.  I'd definitely come back though!
We had the:
- Banana foster french toast. The bread is really soft, but the edges were a little too tough. The taste definitely made up for it though! There are pieces of banana on top of 3-4 small pieces of bread  with walnuts all in yummy syrup! 
- Eggs stella. It's an eggs benedict with the largest soft shell crab with I've ever seen!  (see my picture).  It's SUPER yummy and the soft shell crab is obviously the best part of this dish (the eggs were poached perfectly, and the ham/muffin was just OK).
We arrived at 820am and were out by 850am stuffed and ready to walk back since we were so full!  Service is friendly and fast, but we were lucky because we came in on a weekday.  This was probably one of the better places we had breakfast at - the decor is romantic and cute!BACON CHEESE GRITTS! So nice we ate here twice! Great service & great breakfast!  Perfect location in town - quick walk to Cafe du Monde (we were too stuffed to eat more) view of the Missippi, street vendors & all the fun of the French Quarter.Their shrimp po boy is so good here. In my opinion it tasted better than the one I had at ACME, it has way more flavor. The club is also really good here. Their sandwich also has a lot of meat in it. It will fill you up.One of the best breakfast places I have been to.  Take a look at the photos on this page as they list just about every meal so you know what you are getting.  I had a really hard time deciding as I didn't see many dishes I wouldn't have liked.
The wait time was about 45 minutes but we walked around the square to kill some time.  The pricing is fair for the area and you feel like you are right on top of other people as you eat but completely worth it.
Highly recommend checking this place out for breakfast.Forget the beignets, if you want a real breakfast, come here.
I get the corned beef hash - which is giant chunk of corned beef, fried eggs served with a giant portion of fried potatoes.
This is a great place from which to watch people in Jackson Square.  Grab a window spot, enjoy a breakfast cocktail (I got the bloody mary) and enjoy the moment.Great! Stopped in for brunch and mimosas, our waitress was pleasant and the food was awesome. We will stop in again on our next trip to Nola.Wow, my view of this place has changed drastically since I was last here a couple years ago. I would steer clear of Stanley's if you hate being nickeled and dimed for everything...and I mean EVERYTHING. To get eggs sunny side up instead of scrambled is an extra $2.50. They wouldn't allow any changes to the dishes to be accommodating to a vegetarian or someone who is gluten-intolerant. They also charge 50 cents for some more hot water for tea. Now that's just ridiculous if you ask me. I would have been accepting of this situation if the waitress was somewhat polite/apologetic about the restaurant policies. That definitely didn't happen. Long story short, go to another one of the French Quarter's many breakfast gems. You'll be treated better and will not need to break the bank getting what you want.Came here on a whim. Best eggs benedict and omelet sandwhiches ever. I love the sauces and how they perfectly poached the eggs. Good service. The location is amazing for people watching and horses passing through. Will come back in a few weeks!!The breakfast is amazing. We had bananas foster French toast which was awesome! We also had some boudin eggs Benedict which rank in the top 5 eggs Benedict I've ever had! I highly recommend Stanley for breakfast!!As my first introduction to New Orleans cuisine, Stanley delivered!  They have a good selection of local beer, which is pretty dang important to me.  We sat at the bar and Wes (at least I think that was his name) was our friendly server/bartender.  He made our experience very pleasant.  My companion and I both started out with some gumbo, which was full of sausage, shrimp, and oysters.  I had the oyster/shrimp Poorboy which was crunchy and absolutely bursting at the seams with its fried contents!Came here while in town for a family wedding in November (meant to post this sooner- oops!)... Mostly because my dad's name is Stanley and the name caught our eye. The waiter was so personable and chatted with us about the city (wish I could remember his name). The burgers were delicious and was told the breakfast was on point too. Will have to try this next time we are in town!Had the shrimp poboy. Shrimp was fat and juicy. Also had the gumbo. Great roux and nicely flavored. Great place in the quarter because the food is actually good and it's not super touristy. Nice staff too.Tabatha, our server, was fantastic. She took great care of us. However, if it hadn't been for her, this review wouldn't be three stars. I got the Chicken Caesar Goddess salad. It is way overpriced at $16. The lettuce was brown and wilty, the grape tomatoes were on their way out (I love tomatoes, and I couldn't eat these) and there was actually the end of a head of lettuce in my salad. The chicken and croutons were good, but that's it. 
The Beaux Bridge is a great choice, according to everyone I was with.
I doubt I will be back, though. Overpriced for what it is.Stopped by Stanley's for breakfast after attending a concert recently on recommendation from a friend. Considering it was Sunday morning our 15 min wait was ok with us.  Was very impressed with the cleanliness of this restaurant, the wait staff and bussers were really on the ball!  I also noticed that for a small crowded restaurant the noise level was quite low.                     I stuck to the basics for breakfast and ordered the Stanley Classic which had ample portions . I couldnt help but notice there was not a drop of grease on my plate. My friend opted for the Eggs Stanley which is basically Eggs Benedict with fried oysters. My friend enjoyed her meal but mentioned how much she liked the Eggs Stella which basically is the same thing but with soft shell crab instead of the oysters.  Overall a very good experience at Stanley and would return if in the area again.Our waitress Ashley had a bitchy attitude. She was too busy serving other tables to focus on us. Everytime she was to our table I felt rushed. Also, her responses were very short and unaccommodating. I asked her why the jambalaya wasn't on the menu since I saw it on Yelp. She said they don't serve it anymore which is why it wasn't on the  menu. There are more friendly ways to say this. Maybe she just doesn't have tact.  Otherwise, the food was really good and service from everyone else was good. Unfortunately, a bad seed like her ruined my experience.This was the best brunch we had while in New Orleans.  We rode our bikes right up to the cafe and parked them outside.  It was pretty busy but we were able to get seated right away.
The location is perfect right but Jackson Park right in the middle of the French Quarter and steps away from Cafe du Monde.
We tried-
The Breaux Bridge Benedict (amazing).  It was all delicious but there is something in that sauce that made me want to lick the plate.
Something delicious but I don't remember its name-  I am so sorry not to remember the name but it was delicious.  It was like a soft shell crab po' boy with hollandaise sauce.  I might remember the name, but I know that that was the best soft shell crab I have ever had.  Yum! 
The only negative was that we were not offered any coffee refills.  
For a delicious breakfast/brunch in the French Quarter, in a sun filled (historical) building try Stanley.It was pretty good! Gumbo was eh, but the sandwiches are delicious. Try the string fries...yum yum.Nice place for breakfast. A little pricey, but fine for business expense account. Got the Stanley Classic - pretty good scrambled eggs, decent cajun breakfast potatoes. Great location at the corner of Jackson Square...not too busy on weekday mornings.Highly recommend the eggs Benedict with fried oysters, and the banana fosters French toast. Also don't leave without grabbing an apple fritter, they are especially delicious when heated up. Great friendly service reasonably pricedAbsolutely the Best Rueben I have ever had in my 50 years of living!!!! I was literally dancing in my seat without realizing it so the couple next to me ordered the same thing and of course our Server Tabitha was excellent and then to top it off my friends ran into her cousin she hadn't seen in years!!!!! Very Blessing ExperienceGreat breakfast/brunch spot in the FQ at the square.  I was in town for five nights and had breakfast here twice.  On my first visit I had Eggs Stella (eggs benedict with a lightly battered, fried, soft-shell crab) on top of that.  OMG, It was amazing, just added a little hot sauce and I was in heaven.  My first visit was on a Sunday around 11 am (during JazzFest) and there was a 20 minute wait or so.  The wait can be much longer but well worth it.  Everything I saw coming out looked amazing and plates were being licked clean!I tried Stanley's for breakfast and have debated between 3 and 4 stars. Service was pretty good, I did have to ask for a refill each time. I did the Breaux with added fried oysters on top. I would definitely recommend doing just fried oyster version! They were great with the eggs, but sausage was too much. The coffee here is chicory coffee.Nice lunch stop as the fam and I toured NOLA, we are a party of 5 and unfortunately you can't remotely put yourself on the waitlist for parties of 5 so we walked over there and were told an hour wait. You can track on your phone how many parties are in front of you and when those parties get seated and stuff appreciated that. Bf had turkey sandwich the fam got poor boys YUM !! French fries were really good also. Poor boy was filling! Ketchup has a little spice to it really good meal overall. Would come back for sure.Great spot to grab some brunch. Half of our group got the eggs benedict with fried oysters and the other half got it with soft shell grab. Both were delicious, perfectly poached eggs with a hollandaise sauce that was less rich than usual but just as flavorful. 
If you have a bit of a wait, check out their bar next door for some amazing bloody marys with all the fixingsAmazing food and service!  Lots of local options with a twist!  I think anything you order world be fantastic!  We ordered bloody Mary's with the fixings, Irish coffee, mimosas, eggs arcadiana, shrimp poor boy, omelet sandwich and creole breakfast potatoes.  We recommend them all!  Highly recommend red beans and rice!!!  Thanks Alisha!Stanley gets high marks for great food, cordial atmosphere and ability to turn tables without rushing you out. 
We visited on the weekend of St. Paddy's and found that at 10am on a Friday (or maybe a Saturday), when the city was crawling with people, we had only a 10-minute wait for a table for brunch.
Eggs Stanley is really to-die-for; check out the photos on the website. It tastes as good as it looks. My pancakes with banana and toasted walnuts was good but not great - way more walnut than banana, which made the dish a little dryer than I like, especially since I didn't dig on the very molasses-y syrup. Personal taste; others rave about it.  I'd really been craving pancakes (where to get them in this city??!) but next time, regardless of my cravings, I'm going French Toast.
It was fun to be able to look out onto Jackson Square while we ate.
My main regret is that I couldn't go to it's sister restaurant Stella for dinner. Always next time!The most popular brunch spots in NOLA are Stanley, Luke, and The Ruby Slipper Cafe.  Among these three, Stanley is my favorite.
----The Food----
Eggs Stanley ($16.00)- This magnificent dish is eggs benedict with fried oysters.  Corn meal crusted, these Louisiana Oysters are fresh to the taste and exhibited a full, satisfying flavor--I've had an aversion to oysters and clams for about three years because of a bad experience in Vietnam, but this dish fixed that.  Coupled with perfectly poached eggs, smoked Canadian bacon and a thick, creamy Hollandaise sauce, this order was one of my favorites during my trip.  My only negative thoughts are directed to the english muffin that wasn't toasted and the portions which I feel should be larger due to the high price.
Bananas Foster French Toast ($12.00)- Bananas Foster French Toast is extremely popular in New Orleans because it was created there! So I made it a mission to order it at every brunch spot I visited and Stanley's took the crown as being the best tasting.  While it's extremely sweet and serves more as dessert, I loved the feathery feel of the french toast.  It's generously sprinkled with cinnamon, sliced bananas, toasted walnuts, Foster Sauce, and a scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream.  I suggest sharing this meal with someone as it's rather large and could be overly sweet for most.
Louisiana Jambalaya ($8.50)- Appealing to the senses, this plate is beautifully made with spicy chicken and andouille sausage.  I do wish it was more spicy, but the smokey, tomato based, rice shined throughout the meal.  By far the best Jambalaya I had.  My only regret is not ordering a large size that can be had for $12.50.
----
Conclusion: 4.5 Stars. Stanley is a gorgeous restaurant with an inventive menu possessing a strong hold of Southern cuisine.  I just wish there was a showing of Southern hospitality as the service was NOT attentive or friendly. Located next to Jackson Square, the window paned walls allow for good lighting and people watching throughout.  
Extra Notes
-Accepts credit card
-Decor is clean and stays true to the Southern Louisiana feel
-Service needs to be better, although the busboys were quick to clean.
-Restroom could be cleanerDelicious food!  We got a Breaux Bridge Benedict which was awesome, tons of flavor and looks beautiful as well.  I got the Corn beef hash which was good, it lacked bit of flare.  The bloody mary was good too, nothing special.  I will go back :)Nice atmosphere great view of the Plaza de Armas. 
Staff is nice and attentive always making sure you are alright without bugging you. Just the right service! 
Food is awesome!! My husband had Eggs stanly (fried oysters!!) and I couldn't stop trying to grab some of his breakfast! I had the Corned beef hash a it was delicious. 
You might want to plan ahead of time since this place has demand!Great food. Fried oyster poboy, pepperoni ceaser salad poboy, burger, all fantastic. Its in a great great spot, clean, friendly, and worth a visit. I would definitely go again.An okay burger served with a cold bun and burnt coffee. Given the other reviews a surprisingly ordinary place. My partner's scrambled egg were only okay too. 
Girl at front desk was perfunctory if not plain rude. Waitress was fine.I would love to know the secret behind the breakfast potatoes. They must be cooked in pure butter.  They were so good we ordered a second helping for the table to share.  The rest of our food was good, but pretty much like a good breakfast anywhere.  But those potatoes keep me addicted.Delicious/Awesome milk shakes. Best part-they use almond milk/ice cream. Great for us vegan folks.A solid restaurant. I had the Breaux Bridge Benedict and my wife had the Benedict Poor Boy. The food was awesome. Seriously. I won't be getting eggs Benedict ever again because it will never compare. The boudin and French bread twist gives it excellent flavor and truly makes a traditional dish their own. My wife enjoyed her Poor Boy, but the Breaux Bridge was the way to go. We got a side of creole potatoes and it was just excellent. The only reason I am giving it a four is because our waitress was horribly inattentive. She stopped by to get our order and then stopped by to get paid after about five minutes of waiting. I won't discredit the restaurant much because of her, everyone else seemed to be paying more attention. 
This is a great place for brunch.Most overrated brunch I had in New Orleans. The food was good but that's all it was- not great. I had gone there to try the bananas foster only to be told they didn't have it available the morning I came which is lame. I arrived with a party of 5, 3 of whom intended to order that dish and all of whom were forced to make another choice and none of whom were impressed. I got the Poor Boy breakfast and it was okay.Food was not good, the hostess was rude and the bathroom was so gross. 
First on the food.  The food was nothing great, we got eggs Benedict and it was room temperature, which I understand sometimes but there was almost no one in the place dining so it's not like the staff was slammed and the food had to wait for a server. It just came out like warm/ room temp. 
The hostess: she acted like she was doing us a favor as soon as we walked in. She looked miserable, I felt bad for her.
Next on the ladies room. They had a sign that said push button to flush with the lid on the floor. Can they not just clean the bathroom and fix the toilet?  I wish I saw this before eating here as it would have changed my mind.Eating gluten-free in NOLA is difficult, but at Stanley's they made it easy. So what did I order? The waitress said that she has noticed that a lot of people have wheat allergies and assured me that neither the soft shell crab nor hollandaise sauce had flour. 
I ordered the Eggs Stella - Cornmeal-Crusted Soft-Shell Crab, Poached Eggs, Canadian Bacon and Creole Hollandaise w/o the muffin. Do I recommend it? YES!!! 
My dish was delicious and I could have easily eaten here the next day. I will visit this place again. 
Time of day: We arrived at 11:30am on a Tuesday so there was no wait.First let me compliment Stanley. The menu is GREAT. Excellent menu items and a few of them are actually good.
The service is AWFUL. We were one of three tables in the restaurant and it took 20 minutes to order drinks, we ordered drinks and food at the same time. The kitchen was very fast, however the boudin gave my brother food poisoning. That was two days ago and he was still laid up in the hotel so we went to the doctor and it is definitely food poisoning. 
Stanley isn't BAD per se, just be prepared to have very poor service and don't you dare order the boudin.Very very good food! Great
Cappuccino and the bananas foster dish was amaaaaazing!!! Literally right there by Jackson square! 
Great great service!Not worth time or money spent. Brought my family of four this morning because of high recommendations. Wait staff don't want to be there which is fine but don't expect a tip on entire food bill. All of our plates which were suppose to come out hot were cold. Bananas foster French toast.. cold. Shrimp Po boy.. cold. Bacon and cheese grits... cold. Eggs Benedict... cold. Bus staff caught putting there hands all over the 'clean' silver ware when setting the table. Do not recommend this place at all.Our first brunch experience was at Stanley.  I had the eggs Benedict with the fried soft shell crab.  It was delicious!  Or so I thought until I tasted my husbands meal.  He had the eggs Benedict with boudin.  It was one of the best things I have ever tasted!  The boudin was amazing and being part of an eggs Benedict was genius!  They also have really tasty bloody Mary's.  Not too spicy not too thick, they were just right!  They also run your card at the table which saves you a lot of time and from the hassle of waiting in line to pay at the end.  Great concept!Fantastic brunch experience in the heart of the French Quarter!
If you're looking for a delicious, Nola-style breakfast/brunch experience - you can't go wrong here. The menu is full of options both standard and unique. Our server Joseph was friendly, funny, timely, and well-informed . We wanted a little bit of everything, and Joseph steered us in the right direction to have exactly that experience. 
I had the Eggs Stanley with perfectly poached eggs, my husband had the Breaux Bridge Benedict with added Fried Oysters, and then we enjoyed a side of the Corned Beef Hash (because how could we not?!). Everything was even better than expected/seen in photos. 
We visit Nola often and even though this was our first meal at Stanley, we plan on making it a tradition. SO GOOD!!My husband was on a quest to find the finest gumbo in New Orleans. Accordingly, everywhere we went we tried the gumbo. Here, we tried both types on the menu and split a softshell crab po' boy. The po' boy was nothing to write home about. The gumbo was one of the best for the entire trip. The oyster in my husband's exploded in your mouth with briny, fresh oyster taste that mixed perfectly with the rest of the gumbo.
The alligator sausage was also tasty.Great breakfast start. Tried the oyster benedict; I believe it's called the "Stella. " Simply delicious! Also had the best Mimosa here that I've ever had. The staff was very courteous and inviting.  Would definitely  recommend this place, and plan to return again when I come back to NOLA.Very very expensive. Also, of course, there is a long wait. About 30 minutes on a saturday morning about 9:30 am? We only went there because it was the only place to really have breakfast in the immediate area. 
Not really that tasty. They do give you a LOT of food though. 
Location is really good. Right alongside Jackson square with St. Louis Cathedral and whatnot right across the footpath. 
Sticky floors, falsely uppity waiters. But there's not much else around so you will probably go there anyway. Place across the street doesn't open till 11:30 I think.Stumbled for breakfast around 9am because almost everything opens at 11pm.  Ordered the eggs Stanley, shrimp and oyster Po boy and the gumbo. Egg stanley tasted like a typical eggs Benedict with fried oysters. Oysters and shrimp fried to perfection. First time trying gumbo so I can't judge it but was disappointed at what it was. It's basically a large bowl of flavorful beef sauce with some sausages, shrimp and oyster stew like. Wished they put some kale or collard greens in it to complete the sauce and make it to a soup. The rice that comes with it was half cook, not sure if it's meant to be like that but I usually like my rice tender on the outside and fluffy on the inside. The po boy was good but wasn't expecting a sweet sauce. Glad I tried the eggs Benedict and and po boy tho.Everything about this place was fabulous. Best breakfast/brunch. We were afraid it wouldn't have that authentic new Orleans feel because it looks new and like a diner, we were wrong.  The soft-shell crab and eggs Benedict was out of this world. The only disappointment was that we didn't discover this until our last day in town.  Can't wait to go back! Bonus points for being near beignets :)Second trip to New Orleans, and we are so glad we stumbled to this place again! We couldn't remember the name, but we will now!
Yummy breakfast, with the best breakfast potatoes I've had in awhile!
Great mimosas, quick service. 
Clean bathrooms! 
Will be back!Great food and service! Omelette sandwich is one of the best breakfast sandwiches I have ever had!
Love that you can put in your name and get a text message table alert.Excellent eggs for breakfast. Great service and staff. The ambience too is truly southern. Right on the plaza. Go for the Breaux Bridge Breakfast. Or Gumbo for lunch. Ashley does a great job at taking care of you.Was very impressed with the efficiency of this place.  They're using technology to really speed the dining experience along, but don't let that fool you they're not looking to push you out the door either.  Friendly staff, GREAT food, and excellent location right on Jackson Square.  My husband got the BBQ po'boy which he enjoyed but my Eggs Stanley and the Banana's Foster French Toast that we split took the cake!Fantastic! My only disappointment was that I couldn't eat more.  The eggs Stanley was awesome and so was the poboy.Thoroughly enjoyed my visit here. They don't take reservations, but I checked in with Yelp. I was seated right away when I got my second text message. I was able to get a good view of Jackson Square with my seat right by the window. 
I ordered the Eggs Stanley which was poached eggs on a biscuit with hollandaise sauce and fried oysters and a side of bacon and cheese grits. Everything came out SO FAST! And it was delicious. I want hungry again for about 5-6 hours. 
I also got an Irish Coffee milkshake to go. A little too pricey for me but also satisfying.Stanley is one of my favorite places for breakfast in New Orleans. Yes it is in the middle of tourist central, but the food in genuinely delicious. Service is also friendly. It also has a seafood breakfast platter-- like c'mon and live your best life.Yum oysters & boudin dish for breakfast, great taste of new orleans.  saturday morning before the saints game the wait was only about 20 minutes, not too bad with all of the entertainers in Jackson square.This was the most lackluster of all my edible outings in New Orleans. Stanley sounded great on paper, but I quickly changed my mind when confronted with the mediocre food quality and the high prices. 
I ordered a classic reuben, as I figured this would be one sandwich these great southern cooks could perfect. The excessive sauce made it awfully sweet tasting. So much so that I couldn't taste the flavor of the meat and ended up eating only half of my sandwich. 
I thought the peanut butter chocolate chip shake (as recommended by our waiter) would be a great redemption, but this was also underwhelming. It was thin, the chocolate chips all settled on the bottom and it tasted much more like vanilla than peanut butter. 
If you are trying to decide where to eat in the French Quarter, I recommend you look elsewhere.The food was awesome and the wait really wasn't that long. I will surely be back each time we visit this amazing city!Awesome service. Such nice people--probably the nicest, congenial service I have ever had in New Orleans. We were seated pretty quickly for a Friday morning. 
Food was great. I had the eggs benedict with crab--so delish. Coffee is yummy too. Will definitely rely on this breakfast joint every time I return to the big easy!Had breakfast.  Great service.
Had eggs, bacon, potatoes, toast.  All were excellent; eggs were scrambled and well-made, though nothing amazing.  Bacon was crisp and meaty; cooked properly.  Potatotes looked a mess, but were surprisingly good.After passing by packed breakfast place after packed breakfast place on a saturday morning, and having no intention of enduring the nightmarish lines at Cafe du Monde, we were finally led to Stanley for breakfast. 
We waited for over 30 minutes for a table, but I definitely think the food is worth the wait. I was a bit split on what to order as all the options looked good, especially the Breaux Bridge, the Eggs Stanley, and the Corned Beef Hash. Being a sucker for poached eggs and hollandaise, I went with the Breaux Bridge. 
It was most likely the best poached eggs and hollandaise I've had, further enhanced by the tasty boudin made in house. My only regret is that I did not order the additional fried oysters that my friends enjoyed so much. My friends were equally elated with their meal choices and I think we all found a new favorite breakfast place in New Orleans.had the eggs benedict with the boudin? anyway it was good but spicy! at least to me. I'm from Ny so everything is way too spicy down here for me. was a nice place though and the first stop on my trip. great area. I imagine someone who loves spicy food really loving this place.Courteous staff! The corn beef hash is to die for and don't forget to order a frozen bourbon milk punch!!!The food was average. The ambience is really good as well as the location.
I got the burger and it was pretty bad quality. My husband got the cornhash and he liked it but it wasnt as good to give it 4 stars at least.The Stanley is so so delicious, I come here every time I am in NoLa and it is consistently amazing. The key word being consistent. That means a whole hell of a lot to me. 
 I like to sit at the counter but one thing I only recently learned is there is a WEB CAM set right on you there. Ha. I will try not to make a pig of myself next time. 
http://www.nola.com/stanleycam/
The highlights for me are: 
#1 the coffee, it is rich and will set you straight for the day (especially if you had a rough night)
#2 the creole potatoes, these are crisp on the outside, tender inside and are perfectly spiced. No real need for ketchup or hot sauce with these! 
#3  the bananas foster french toast. This is so incredibly decadent, even if you don't like sweet breakfasts, give this a whirl!The food was average and overpriced. The service was horrible despite the fact that the restaurant was not busy at 8:30 a.m.  I never write reviews and am generally an easy to please customer. However, breakfast at Stanley this morning has prompted me to review.  There are so many great restaurants in New Orleans - don't waste your time or money at Stanley.Came here because of the pictures of Jambalaya and I didn't see it on the menu so I asked my waitress if there was jambalaya thinking it was a secret menu or something, but she said we don't have it right now. OH ALRIGHTY. 
the egg benedict poor boy - delicious probably my favorite thing. 
gumbo - not so good tasted blah. 
creole breakfast potatoes - good.The seafood platter is to die for. I enjoyed all of it. The customer service is outstanding. Bill our waiter was awesome. Anything that you try is delicious.Excellent. The "Stanley Benedict" with lightly fried oysters ties for best Benedict EVER, and I have tried many... Hollandaise was perfect. I shall return for the ice cream or floats!Arrogant waitresses. They don't even look at you when you need something just cause it's not their table for service. 2 star just for food. 0 for the waitress.Eggs Stanley were delicious! Saw pictures on Yelp and had to go. My meal & bloody mary was highlight of my weekend. Glad i discovered Stanley while cruising Jackson Square.Friendly staffs, really welcoming bright space, ok breakfast ... Made me a very happy girl on a rainy and cold morning!  Thank you!Best food! wonderful service!! I had the Breaux Bridge benedict for brunch!! OMG! Will return to this establishment.So good. Go for breakfast/brunch and get the Breaux Bridge Benedict. I followed my waiter's rec and got fried oysters on the side and substituted the ham for bacon. Artery clogging but so good.Excellent, had dinner with Wife and Tulane Daughter. Staff, Waiter and food all quick and very good. Daughter loved the banana dish.Thanks to all my Yelpers I found this place and it was amazing. A great selection of teas(I don't drink coffee) and I got they steeped my tea in a teapot.  I got the Stanley classic and truly enjoyed the potatoes. Unfortunately I didn't know the eggs would be that egg substitute or something. I would have requested real eggs. I enjoyed my breakfast. And the atmosphere was wonderful with the cool music playing in the back just loud enough to hear over the many diners and there conversations. I could have sat in there all day drinking tea, listening to the music, and relaxing. And I can not forget our waitress Miss Evana, she was wonderfully knowledgeable about the food and how it is prepared. Which came in handy because my friend has lots of food allergies.Don't bother...
Overpriced undercooked poached eggs Stanley not worth the $14. We went for the softshell crab Eggs Benedict, which aren't on the menu anymore. Had Eggs Stanley instead, which was Eggs Benedict with fried oysters on the side. Oysters were way overcooked- I grow my own oysters on Chesapeake Bay and know how a fried oyster should be. And there was effectively no sauce on the dish, just a runny drizzle of something that had no flavor. I guess butter and fresh lemon are too expensive?Knowing the history of this place and knowing how helpful the management was post-Katrina makes me sad to post a 2 star review. But purely based on the food, this was a 2 star (maybe 2.5 star) experience. 
I came here after hearing and reading many great things about Stanley. How could I not come to a place serving fried seafood for breakfast? How could I not come to a restaurant with hundreds of positive reviews? How could I not come to a place with hoards of people waiting outside? Well sadly, I kind of wish I hadn't during my short stay in New Orleans.
The ambiance was great but I found the service and food to be extremely underwhelming. The food was served just warm and the server seemed to be completely apathetic. The price seemed a bit too expensive in my opinion, and I felt a bit ripped off after the meal was over. The worst part in my opinion was the a la carte sides. When you're paying around $16 for a sandwich, you at least expect it to comes with some fries or onion rings, but at $4 a serving, they are not worth getting at all. 
The food was not bad, but it did not justify the long wait or high prices. I feel like I could've gotten better at some other place, but sadly, there is only so much you can do when you're not from around the area. The fact that the reviews were so high here brought me here but this is one of the few times that I feel yelp has steered me wrong. I should've listened to one of the locals when I asked where I should go for lunch.Enjoyed the brunch and got some Gumbo too!! Both delicious and filling. The atmosphere and service was excellent.$70 (incl tip) for breakfast for 2 people!!
Seriously. Service was good, but don't bother getting a cocktail with your brunch, that's where they get you. For me I thought the portions were small, my wife enjoyed her soft shell crab & poched eggs. I'm still shocked over the price. So not worth it.A lot of things are great about Stanley. 
1. If you're into brunch food, you must come here. 
2. It's conveniently located right in the French 
Quarter square. 
3. The Eggs bier bridge is amazing. The pulled pork sausage is one of the tastiest things I've had in my brunch lifetime. 
4. The eggs Stella is good if you like soft shell crab. 
5. The bananas foster French toast is really good. We left three empty plates on the table. 
The only thing that wasn't so great was the stubborn fly at our table. 
Server was extremely friendly to us. Loved this place.It's like having eggs benedict injected with steroids that the pope blessed with the elder wandOne thing: The Bananas Foster French Toast is TO DIE FOR! I am not kidding. It was happiness on a plate and that is no exaggeration. I came here for brunch with a party of 5 people and service was very prompt. I had the opportunity to try the Korean BBQ Beef poboy as well and it literally was like a party in your mouth! There was so much flavor! Okay, so two things: Bananas Foster French Toast for breakfast and Korean BBQ poboy for lunch! Do it! And don't worry, you can thank me later.Overrated. 180$ for 6 people? And not  the best food. I read all the amazing reviews and went there with high expectations. Waited for an hour. The server was very rude. The food was just ok. Nothing great.A friend and I went here for brunch the other day - very nice place. I ordered the scrambled eggs (on the side, as I usually dislike eggs), the pecan bacon (yeah you read that right), multigrain toast, and the Creole hash.
PRO'S:
-Food was delicious (minus the eggs, but I don't usually Iike them). The bacon didn't really taste like pecan but was nice and crunchy, and the hash had a slight spice to it. I was a little disappointed that my bread didn't already come with butter (I LOVE restaurant toast. I'm kind of weird like that) but that was easily remedied. 
CONS:
-Service was a little slow, I had to gesture to our waitress to get my water glass refilled.
-Only ONE bathroom so be prepared to wait. The way it's set up is a little weird too, there's the sink area and then the bathroom area. So if you see people waiting outside, that's why.
Overall I'd come back here when in the Quarter, though, as the food was tasty and the prices weren't too bad either.The restaurant got good reviews, so we decided to stop in here for lunch as we were in the area. Yelp has NEVER led me astray, until now. Unfortunately, this was our worst meal in NOLA. We split a muffuletta, which actually tasted terrible. Not sure how you can really go "wrong" with a sandwich like this, but we did not enjoy it.  I also asked for a mixed greens salad, but what I got was a bowl with old and faded lettuce and a side of factory-produced dressing. It was inedible and I had to return the entire dish to the kitchen, but this went unacknowledged by our server who didn't care less. He didn't even take it off the bill. I could've made a bigger stink of it, but I was so disappointed with this place that all I wanted to do was get out of there, fast. Maybe we caught them on a bad day, but i would most definitely not recommend this place and will not return.4 of 4 stars (excellent, casual dining).
(see explanation of ratings below)
Get the Breaux Bridge Benedict: Charlie T's Boudin, Smoked Ham, American Cheese, Poached Eggs, and Creole Hollandaise all setting high atop twin towers of crusty french bread. ~12.50
about $15 per person, gratuity not included
About my ratings:
Only fine dining establishments can garner five stars.  Until yelp realizes that a fast food joint cannot possibly be ranked equally with a $100 per person place, I need to draw the line somewhere.  If we were only talking about the quality and presentation of the food, it would be a different story.  But, as we know, yelp's rankings take into account the entire dining experience.
Therefore, I divide restaurants into three categories (and I wish yelp would do the same):
1) fast food (no table service)
2) casual dining (table service)
3) fine dining (linen napkins, no plastic cups, no TV's in dining room, typically more expensive than casual dining)
Fine dining can earn a max of five stars.  Casual dining can earn a max of four stars.  Fast food can earn a max of three stars.This was about 930am on the first day of French Quarter festival.  
Happened upon Stanley's after seeing the line for du mondes about a half block long and figured there would be other good food close by. Turned out to be a good decision. 
Stanley's was also pretty busy, but only a short wait of about 10 mins. 
Those that are sick of everyday chain restaurant fare will be pleasantly surprised.
Very unique menu items.
I opted for the fried oysters Benedict. I never thought oysters could be fried with such finesse. Very plump, freshly shucked, and moderately breaded. With that mild dankness of Gulf water. I would order it again. 
Menu items average looked to be in the area of $10-$14 average pp.
Highly recommended if you're looking for breakfast/brunch eats with that unique New Orleans flair.We don't visit New Orleans without going to Stanly. The food is awkward great. Our favorites are the banana foster French toast and fried oyster poboy.I liked this place! Had a good intimate vibe while being right next to all the action around Jackson Square! The gumbo was good but the Stanley Special was great! The food came out quickly and the waitress was super attentive. Overall it was a good experience and no issues whatsoever.Fastest breakfast ever. We were in and out in 20 mins flat. Got the breux bread Benedict. Great choice. Nice view of Jackson sq while eating.Stanley serves an excellent breakfast. The eggs bureaux bridge with fried oysters & bacon was superb. However, it's very pricy. 2 eggs bureaux & 2 large bloody mary's & one screwdriver was $87.00 before tip. That's really hard to understand.Awesome food. Got the classic and it was great. Friends tried the burgers and said they were amazing.I came here with my friend on our last day in NOLA and we both got an eggs benedict poor boy and it was a huge disappointment. It was really forgettable and the hollandaise sauce was lacking flavor. The only good thing we ate was the cheesy grits and eggs.Eggs Stanley and/or Eggs Stella. Chicory coffee. That's why we come here.Great place for breakfast but get there early. Arrived at 9am on a Sat and only waited 5-10 mins. Gumbo was authentic tasting. Had the Eggs Benedict with the oyster on top which was great. Love the vibe and location too.I've been meaning to review this place for a while, as they are consistently delicious every time I've visited. I'm a lover of Eggs Benedict, and they know how to deliver. I ordered the Eggs Stella, which also comes with a soft-shelled crab, yes please! I've also had the Breaux Bridge Benedict, for any boudin fanatics out there, or first timers...you won't regret it. The po'boys are pretty good too, I am positive anything on the menu is not going to disappoint. 
The wait time is never long and the service is always very friendly. On our last visit, our waiter was more than attentive, and I can't think of a time where when our drinks were empty. By the end of our feast, he brought us all a milkshake punch on the house. 
Honestly, I finish my meal every time I go here, and that does not happen on a regular basis. If you are in the French Quarter/Jackson Square area and need a place to grab some breakfast or lunch, this is the place for you. I'm pretty serious about my brunch, and I will rave about Stanley to anyone who will listen. Grab a mimosa or a bloody and enjoy your New Orleans experience!Nice setting, friendly staff.  I ordered the muffuletta po-boy.  It was neither a muffuletta nor a po- boy. The meat and cheese was  okey but it was light on olive salad; however the biggest problem was the bread.  It was definitely not french bread but was somewhat similar to muffuletta bread.  It might have been a lot better if it had been toasted like a good muffuletta.  Though disappointed i will probably try again, since it has been recommended by several friends.LOVE. We liked it so much we went back a second time during our 4 day stay. 
The host: was amazingly friendly in this busy place. Our table was ready before the estimated time on both occasions. 
The food: The chicken club is amazing. Order the pesto sauce on the side if you don't like your sandwich too wet and then slather on bread (both ends) yourself. Pecan pie milkshake is fantastic. Perfectly poached eggs!!! Caesar salad was just ok.Normally it's a good wait.  But as caught a few bar seats on our Sept visit right away on a Sunday at noon.  I had eggs Benedict with fried oysters.  Wow - just awesome.  Server was friendly and kept water filled and moved things along nicely.  Second visit to Stanley and will be back if the line is not long.Unimpressed.  Stanleys was highly recommended.  It was overpriced and the service was horrible.  The only time we saw our waitress was when we placed our order and when the bill was delivered. Our coffee was never refilled. She did not ask how our food was.  I ordered the Classic Stanley breakfast. My eggs were cold and the creole potatoes were heavy on the black pepper. My toast was also cold, the bacon was not crispy.  This was our last meal in the French Quarter and it was very disappointing.  I will not be back.Went here for breakfast. Food was okay not great. I got the omelet sandwich and it was a bit greasy by my standards. Probably wouldn't return.Long wait, but they texted us when our table was ready. Which was very convenient and enabled us to check out Jackson Square. I highly recommend the oyster poorboy. It was fantastic.The food was amazing but I would have enjoyed it more of the crabs were cleaned better and the Mimosas were absolutely disgusting!It was OK.  The location and service was 5 star but the food a bit disappointing.  I wouldn't get the Bloody Mary again, but after watching several different drinks getting made, those looked very good.  The upstairs bathroom was very nice and clean :)The perfect place to have breakfast on Jackson Square!  
We walked in on a Friday morning and were promptly seated.  Waters were handed out right away and our coffees and mimosas were prompt as well.  
Loved the creativity in the breakfast dishes.  My crab po boy was heaven on earth.  The Breax Bridge benedict was a sight to behold.  YUM.
Definitely try the Boudin patty.  If I went back, I might ask for that and a slice of toast - it was so delicious!
Service was quick, prompt, and courteous.  I'd highly recommend for breakfast.Stanley's is well situated at the corner of Jackson Square. 
First, the staff. Tabby, and her fellow servers do everything they can to make your meal enjoyable and memorable. They will gladly take photos of your group, change things to suit your needs and refill your coffee. They sometimes even remember you from past visits. 
The food. Wow. I had Breaux Bridge eggs Benedict twice this week. The second time the waitress recommended switching it up a bit and we took away the bread, replacing it with grilled tomatoes. 
We come here every time we are in New Orleans!There was a 30 min wait but once we were seated everything was quick. 
Ordered the banana foster and it did not disappoint. The creole potatoes were REALLY good, had a nice spice to it. Prices were not bad given the quality of the food. Would definitely come back.I love this place. I work nearby, and Stanley's defintiely has one of the best burgers in town. Also, the Stanley Club is amazing. It's a little pricey, but soooo good.Really good! Get there before 9am and you can walk in. Order the eggs benedict and shove it in your face.I really enjoyed this place! Great location next to Jackson Square! The muffaletta was delicious. I also tried the mudslide milkshake, it was heavenly. The wait staff is attentive and very friendly. Definitely check it out!