Wow. We visited NOLA last week and took the truly awesome and informative  Steamboat Natchez trip on March 30. Can't tell you how interesting it was and pleasant. Plus these people are so well-organized and nice. JoJo reserved us a window seat - just could not believe the kind and excellent service. 
Very very nice.  Recommend!!!!This tour is one to take when you want to have a lazy day, but you want to do a passive activity.  Me & my friends didn't wan the lunch, we just wanted to take a tour of the Mississippi.  The cost was average - around $28.00.  Con:  Remember it is a tour, so they have the typical tourist traps - photographer - me and friends declined that option.  
I would suggest if you aren't going to eat - to pull out your smartphone and research the Natchez Native American Tribe who inhibited the area prior to the colonization of the New Orleans area - interesting "tid bits of rituals", so that made the boat ride more fun because I became the secondary tour leader to my group.  If you are in the mood-go get a drink and this will comfort you as you learn more about the area on a steamboat.  Not a bad way to spend a few hours.A big disappointment.  It began to rain heavily soon after boarding and we had a difficult time finding a dry place to sit while we waited for our assigned dinner time.  The lines for the bar were long, and our dinner was mediocre.  We were seated too far from the band to enjoy the music, and the staff seemed to be very disorganized.  For the price we paid, I had higher expectations.Probably my least favorite thing I did in New Orleans. It was a boring boat tour with a guide that had the strangest accent. It felt like he was slurring through the entire two hour tour. Not very interesting insights either and it was so freaking hot on the boat I was just trying not to pass out from the heat and humidity. They stuff these boats to the brim and it's a total tourist trap. The water is brown and there is little to see. Much better off doing a swamp tour so you can at least see alligators and birds.  The one positive is they don't charge an arm and a leg for cold drinks which are an absolute must on this tour if you must go. So many other fun things to enjoy, I'd skip this one if I were you.Skip it! Not worth the $27.50. The cruise itself is really boring; all you can see is trees on the side. The narrative tells you it was a battlefield and there are two plantations and colonial buildings as well but you can't really see them. There is Domino's sugar refinery and a huge natural gas plant - all steel, nothing really to see or enjoy. The steamboat doesn't give you a special feel, it's like riding on any other boat. The music is really good indeed -probably if they didn't have it, nobody would come.My boyfriend & I went on the Sunday Jazz Brunch Cruise today. I'm from New Orleans, but he's from Texas. We both hadn't been to this before, but it was fun! We boarded the boat at exactly 11am (don't be late because the boat is pretty prompt when leaving). You get to pick your table inside the boat (so you may want to get in line early). There is a photographer in front of the boat before you board; you can purchase a single big photo for $22 or the entire package (including magnets & smaller photos) for $39 after getting off the boat at the end. 
Brunch included cheese grits, biscuits, shrimp pasta, fruit cups, yogurt, creamy spinach, ham, gumbo, beignets, & cake. Food was pretty good minus the gumbo (just a little different tasting compared to gumbo I am used to having). Drink packages can be purchased with your tickets, but water, coffee, & tea are included with the brunch. I enjoyed the food & atmosphere, but it was hot inside the boat (with food being cooked & the amount of people inside). The jazz band was good! After eating brunch, we enjoyed walking around the boat & sitting at a table on the lower deck taking in all the sights. The boat docked at 1:30pm. It was definitely a fun time & something I would suggest for people to do if they aren't from New Orleans.Romantic experience, fun and relaxing.  Great for a date night.  Music was good, food was good.  We will be backHad a great time on the dinner cruise with friends. Thankfully the weather was breezy so it was fun standing outside on the bow, especially as the lights came on on shore. The music was delightful and it was a really fun way to cap off our vacation in NOLA.Ok, the dinner was terrible. Just awful. I am not fond of tasteless fried chicken and nearly dry cornbread. The wine was OK. 
But the tour and the rest of the experience was amazing!
The Steamboat offers dinner, jazz and an awesome cruise up and down the river with a fantastic overview of the history along the way. It was an informative and authentic experience worth the ticket. And while it was busy in our tour, there were still plenty of spaces to walk and sit and enjoy the view. And, as with everything else in New Orleans, you can take your drink with you.
Oh! And the jazz music is live! And you can visit the engine room. Too cool!
Do not forget a hat and sunscreen!I've been on the Natchez twice this year.  Once doing the dinner cruise (which is overpriced in my opnion but has very good bread pudding) and once without.  I feel like if you paid that much money to go on the paddlewheel that you probably should eat before and that way you can enjoy all of the sights of the ride so definitely eat before rather than do the dinner.  The food was good but it made no sense to pay for it with the cruise when you'd miss half of the cruise.  Nice people on the ship.  There's a mini steam room that's pretty cool for kids.Worth the cruise down the river, but do NOT bother with any of their food promotions.
Look, it's not a boat from the 1800's or anything like that. I believe it was built in the 70's or something. But you're in New Orleans, and these boats are a big part of the history and you should experience it to the fullest.
As a short 2-2.5 hour cruise, even as a local, it is worth the money. You can sit, stand, walk all over most parts of the boat, enjoy the sights and listen to the narrator. It's nice. They even serve drinks. VERY OVERPRICED drinks, but.... c'mon.
Don't bother with the food. For a seriously pricey premium you can take the cruise and get a lunch or dinner. I went on the Jazz lunch one time and it was just... meh. I was expecting a live jazz band playing some dixieland while I ate some etouffee or jambalaya or other staples like that. What I got was a piano player droning out modern day boring Kenny G jazz and a buffet of bland mediocre "New Orleans syle" food. SERIOUS waste of money. There are literally a dozen restaurants where you can eat in the immediate vicinity of the vessel, so WAIT and eat there. 
But like I said, the actual cruise is nice. I tell people to at least check it out all the time. Even if you LIVE here, you should check it out every now and then. 
I think they offer a cruise down to the Zoo. I'd like to try that.The dinner cruise pros: evening time is better for cooler weather and a great view of the city lights upon return upriver. 
The dinner cruise cons: the food was nothing to write home about.
My suggestions: Eat a hearty meal onshore then opt for the cruise only. If you decide to do dinner, book early and get the first seating (you eat before the boat leaves shore and will be able to enjoy the outer decks for the rest of the time!) 
Be sure to seat yourself on the port (left side of boat), this is where you will see most of the interesting items pointed out by the announcer. 
Bring your dancing shoes! The jazz-band is amazing! Also, be sure to walk back and view the paddle, and downstairs to view the engine room; they create a very unique experience! Also, free WiFi! 
Make sure to find a tour guide book- most have a $10 off coupon in then for the dinner cruise!Great tour offering a lot of facts about importing our table sugar, salt, coal, etc. Saw many goats used in shrimping and fishing. Enjoyed every bit of this steam boat tour! I didn't see the other steam boat until the next day and so glad we booked a tour for this steam boat. This boat offers great seats and great views. The other boat looked more like a tourist boat with benches lined up. The oh not so comfortable feeling. Steam boat Natchez is the way to go!The ride is quite boring but you'll learn about depth of water and the history of the boat and the city around just from listening to the operator talk.  The bars weren't fancy but it will do the trick.  It's the touristy thing to do and you should do it just because you're here and you might not get to do it the next time you're in town.  I suggest you do the lunch time tours rather than the night time ones because you'll get to see more of the scenery.  There isn't much to see when its pitch dark outside. 
Pros: You're a tourist, you like touristy things, take this trip.
Cons: Boring.  But not quite a total waste of time.  I used this trip to recover from my hangover from drinking way too much the night before.Amazing ride! Cornell is the best bartender ever. Makes a mean jazz punch! Look for him in the Captain's salon.Another tourist trap, and I don't care. I liked it. I liked the whole campy experience.  Got to ride up and down the Mississippi, listen to some live jazz, eat a decent lunch buffet and learn more about the city.  I probably wouldn't do it again, but I am glad to say I did it once.  A fine way to spend a few hours on my first trip to the city.We did the 2:30pm lunch on the Natchez. The boat was pleasant, we got the $12 beverage add on which gave unlimited bloody mary's, mimosas and the Natchez Punch. I will say don't get this for the bloody marys. They were terrible. We all switched to the punch and as long as you take care of the bartender, he will alter it to your liking. The staff was all great. Not a single complaint there. The bad part was the food. Nobody in our party was impressed with it. The fish was OK but the highlight was the bread pudding. With so many other great options to eat at in New Orleans, don't do this for the food. We are glad we did it to get the history of the shores and such but once was enough.Sunday brunch was delicious. Cheese grits, cream spinach, and gumbo were the highlights. Experience was great with the live jazz band playing. Only gripe is that there weren't a whole lot of dishes to choose from (other than 3 mentioned above, there were only 6 other food options). But overall, great price for a great experience!The Steamboat Natchez was excellent! The ride was lengthy and enjoyable and the guide was very informative. We also had access to a lot of the boat and were able to go into the engine room and see how the ship operates. If you are mildly interested in taking a ride on the Mississippi, you won't be disappointed if you ride on Steamboat Natchez.We took the Natchez to get a better look at New Orleans and the river; and were not disappointed.  The food was certainly good; and that's the point of this review -- I requested a vegetarian meal, and the servers and chef went out of their way to cook something up for me.  It was fresh, beautifully presented, and tasty.  And now it's time to dig up my grandmother's old recipe for bread pudding -- the batch on the Natchez was very tasty.I give a couple of stars because the steamboat ride itself was really nice and the jazz band added a Nawlins touch. Unfortunately, the buffet food served was nowhere near deserving of the ridiculous $77/person charged. The options were almost completely fatty and dry prime rib, fried fish that tasted like paper, and bland penne noodles. The server and staff were friendly, which helped our experience. Would consider doing this if choosing the non-meal option only.My wife and I took the afternoon jazz cruise and really enjoyed seeing a bit if the mighty Mississippi on this beautiful steam powered river boat. It was very crowded on board and I'm really glad that we were able to get seats in the shade because the sun was INTENSE.
The tour guide did an excellent job narrating the trip, and the workers were all very polite and helpful. I normally avoid the "tourist" things when visiting a new location, but I have to say that this little attraction was well worth it and I would highly recommend.Sunday jazz cruise without the lunch. Heard people say the lunch was good, but I'd wager that lunch in the French Quarter would be better (2 blocks away)! 
There wasn't too much to see but it is nice to slow down the trip a bit and unwind on the only working steamboat in the area (Creole Queen is not a steamboat). Tour guide over the speakers is unobtrusive but does tell some interesting about NOLA and the surrounding communities. 
Go inside and check out the jazz band, and the engine room downstairs. All in all, a good trip for just $25.We did a dinner cruise. Unfortunately, we picked the one day of our trip with 2 waves of thunderstorms during our cruise!  the jazz band, and passengers, were literally blown off the decks.  Also, we were expecting cajun buffet, but that was not what was served.  We met a lovely couple from Scotland as we huddled on deck.  We would actually give this another try, but would probably opt for the cruise only and would skip dinner.  The short time we got to enjoy the jazz band on deck before the storm blew in was Fantastic!!What seemed like a tourist trap actually turned out to be one of the highlights of our trip. Sam and Bruce were exceptional ambassadors and the entire staff made the voyage memorable.I thought this was a really fun experience.  The buffet dinner was good.  We had green beans, finger potatoes, creamed spinach, 2 types of pasta, roast beef, gumbo and roast pork loin.  The jazz band was good and touring the boat was fun.#NOLAtourism #chifoodie #foodtourism We did the jazz evening cruise.  The band played two sets both great.  The table service was attentive and the drinks were responsibly priced and in some cases cheap.  However... this is definitely a one time only tourist thing to do.  The narration on the boat was informative but way too short.  And most unfortunately food at the buffet was not traditional Creole fare-- instead it was the same buffet we could have a had a convention in Milwaukee.  If you choose to do this cruise-- buy the cruise only tickets, enjoy the drinks, the view and the band.  Eat before, afterwards or both.  Three stars for the experience.  One star for food.We took the dinner cruise and I was very suprised to have a very good meal.  The chicken was outstanding.  The trip was fun and interesting.  The jazz band could have played more... I only remember them playing one set, but they were talented musicians.   
I am pleased to say that this dinner cruise was worth the price.  (Color me surprised!)We had signed up for a lunch-time jazz cruise, minus the lunch.  It was relaxing being on the boat, and we bought a couple drinks.  The tour guide pointed out some interesting things but my biggest problem was that there was no jazz music.  The tour guide even announced that it was about to start, but nothing happened - no music, no explanation ... it was pretty disappointing.The food was cold and disgusting.  The waitress was rude. We were supposed to get a glass of wine but we didn't.  The worse experience I ever had.  I would not recommend this tour even if it was free.It was a nice experience, we took our two young boys, and since they could get up and walk around it was nice. On the down side, after we were done eating they gave our table away to the next dinner time, and we had nowhere to go! It was FREEZING out and we were more or less expected to sit outside for the next two hours!! Once we walked around and saw everything, we had an hour left to sit and freeze!We ended our mini vacation with this evening dinner cruise. It was a perfect ending to our NOLA trip. The sunset and scenery were beautiful. We had our anniversary dinner on the cruise, buffet had a great select and bread pudding dessert were fantastic too. In honor of our anniversary we received complimentary champagne as well. Our server was great and treated us like celebrities. 
The band playing throughout the cruise was great. They were very talented. I truly recommend that you add this lunch or dinner cruise as must do in New Orleans.Great thing to do while in New Orleans.  The food was good, the view was great, the narrator did a great job and the jazz band was very entertaining.  It was an all-around good experience.Interested in lunch plans elsewhere but wanting to go on a steamboat, me and my parents purchased tickets for the steamboat only.
Pros:
-Plenty of seating
-Lots of time to walk around
-Good history of the buildings we passed
Cons:
-It was raining the day we went (which is inevitable yet nonetheless sad)
-I guess you can smoke anywhere. Some guy was smoking an extremely potent cigar next to us...and an entire elementary school class on a field trip. It got me a little peeved.
It's a good touristy thing to do all together though, most of what I didn't enjoy was not the boat's fault.Took an afternoon tour on September 12th.  They take your picture as you get on, so you can purchase a photo, but we never saw where you get them as we spent most of the time on the open upstairs rear deck or ( bar while it was storming) watching the shorelines and sights as we passed by.  It was relaxing but nothing much special about it, as mostly just rusted hulks lining most of the Mississipi shore line or trees and vegetation.  Just the bucket list to ride on a paddlewheeler.BORING. 
The food was ok  - jazz band was cool. 
Steamboats are lovely but this was not a highlight. It was too long (stayed in dock for first hour) and food is generic. New Orleans is so fun. This fell flat.The best thing about this is the jazz band. They are AMAZING and super entertaining. The boat is nice and the views of the city are exceptional. Its a relaxing ride. We didn't have the dinner so no idea how good that is.Loved the boat and the trip but the supper is trash. I mean come on - this is NOLA where the food is great everywhere... except on this boat. Do yourself a favor and skip the supper.We had a great time.  It is a real steam powered riverboat, and the two-hour trip was educational, relaxing, and fun.  I enjoyed seeing all the sights as well as touring the boat.  The engine room was fascinating, but was exceptionally hot.  I can't comment on the food since we didn't eat on board.  I guess my only complaint was that I would have liked a much longer river tour.We opted for the cruise portion as we only wanted to experience the steamboat on the Mississippi River.  It's two hours round trip from Toulouse Street wharf.
Points of interest  -
Jackson Square/St Louis Cathedral
Algiers 
Domino Sugar plant
Exxon refinery
The Outlet Collection at the Riverfront
The cruise terminal
The bridge
We found an online coupon for a savings of $3.00 p/p.
Day cruise either 11:30am or 2:30pm.  We chose 2:30pm.  Around 3'ish, it started to drizzle, then rain downpour with thunder and lightning.  Folks on deck like ourselves started to look for shelter.  
The best part was the operating steam engine room.  You can walk inside and take a peek.
We posed for a photo at the onset but passed on the purchase.Do this every year for our anniversary.  Their food isn't as good as many of the other NOLA restaurants, but it's a nice experience dining on the river.  Their drinks are pricey, but I saw people BYOB so that is one way to get around that.  
Great band and a wonderful overall experience.The food was sooooo good! The drinks are strong! The band was great! But the service from the staff was terrible! If anybody hates their jobs it is this group of miserable fucks! I mean damn get a new job if you hate this one so much! Dont take the shit out on me! Our server was ok but was definitely not happy to be there maybe she was tired. The servers at the buffet were negative, talking to each other, and not welcoming at all. We went to the dinner cruise which is from 7:00-9:00PM we attempted to go to the gift shop at 8:50 before leaving the boat at 9:00PM. We attempted to enter as another customer was coming out, the lady behind the registrar screamed, "We are closed!" "That's why the door was locked!" We were so offened that she would talk to us, the customers in that manner!  My wife was so pissed! The boat had not even docked yet and you should close at 9:00 when the curise is actually over! For $166 for 2 people it is something we will never ever do again. Gina was the only person on that boat who was welcoming, actually smiled and loved her job! Every other staff person on the boat was rude!My family and I went on the Steamboat Natchez tour on our first full day in New Orleans. We are from Connecticut so we hadn't really seen anything like it and we enjoyed ourselves a lot. We went on a Sunday early afternoon in May 2014.
I would say there are three groups of people on this boat.  People who came for the brunch buffet, people who came to learn about the area/pay attention to the tour, and those who came to lounge on a boat with drinks.  Whichever reason you're interested in it for-there's potential for a good time. 
I was on board for the tour part, we opted out of the brunch due to some mediocre reviews about it. I wanted to be able to see everything the tour guide was talking about. We were advised to board early to get a seat on the front left side--but there were plenty of seats even after everyone was aboard.  Even if you don't opt for the brunch there is still plenty of food you can buy at the bar/snack bar. I got a frozen margarita, that was pretty nice. 
We enjoyed the guided tour portion of the ride, learned a lot about the area (being Yankees, we knew absolutely nothing when we started) My mother especially liked the voice of the gentleman giving the tour over the loud speaker--she said it reminded her of Disney World. 
They play the calliope when its time to set sail. Try not to stand too close to it, its SUPER loud. I liked it a lot more when I was several blocks away in the French Quarter and the distance created a decibal buffer.  
Don't forget your sunscreen!I opted out of the dinner package , seems like the folks that did eat enjoyed it , I was in it for the nostalgic ride up and down the Mississippi with a great Jazz band in the background . Dukes of Dixieland play a mean jazz and Mr . Broom sounds just like Louise Armstrong and I would like to say that you all for hospitality .Ok ride, food not worth the price. Not much to see along the Mississippi but other ships and warehouses.  Save your money for an Airboat ride.How do people like this?!?! The music is the most terrible noise I've ever heard. I think it made my ears bleed.Overall experience was good well organized and on time. The experience was very informative, nice and relaxing. Food was good and fresh. Server was nice and attentive. Photos of Nola from the boat in the evening sunset are very nice. Would recommend!The Natchez Steamboat was extremely touristy (we were tourists) but an appropriate way to relax in the sun and fresh air while nursing a hangover.   
Having been on many touristy boat tours with my family, the Natchez Steamboat isn't much different than the rest.  We took the "Harbor Jazz Cruise" which boarded at 11 and arrived back around 1:30.  The narration included points of interest and historical facts--but I missed most of that.  I was half asleep in the warm sunlight while my mother was people watching and enjoying a Cajun Bloody Mary (or two).  Overall, we both enjoyed our quick boat cruise.  I left well-rested and refreshed (with a slight tan) and she left tipsy and full of funny stories the bartender had shared.Took the Sunday brunch cruise and was pretty disappointed. As many people have already stated, the food is terrible, but the service was great. If you're dying to be surrounded by a horde of enormous sweaty people on a vessel, moving down a river, then this is your jam. I feel like they may have over booked it, because once the band came on, there was zero floor space around them. Speaking of the band... holy boring. They looked like they were at their own funeral. I'm pretty sure the horn player fell asleep a time or two. I was looking forward to hearing some loud lively stuff, but these guys couldn't draw a crowd to save their lives. Save your money and head on over to Frenchmen St. It's a better, less-touristy vibe, with much better music and food.It is with great sadness and concern that report that my business partner, Brian Cain,​ and I, as well as all of the attendees of our event, HexFest​, have been discriminated against by the Steamboat Natchez​ for our religion of Witchcraft which itself is recognized as a legal religion in the United States of America (see the following law memorandum at http://www.paganmade.com/temple/download/ckhtlawmem.pdf for details on this). We are writing this from the isle of Anglesey in Wales, where we are on our honeymoon and having to rearrange the most important moments of our life to deal with this discriminatory event. 
On the morning of August 7th, the coordinator of our event, Ty Siddiqui and I spoke on the phone with Deidra Edwards, Director of Sales for the Steamboat Natches, which is itself owned by your Grey Line NOLA affiliate. Ty and I were informed by Ms. Edwards that the owner of the boat had just found out about our Riverboat Ritual conducted by a Voodoo Priestess and featuring drummers and that he was canceling it for "religious reasons." The website describing it been up for over a year and we had explained everything that was going to be going on to Deidra on the phone and even referred to components such as drumming and voodoo in emails back and forth, none of which she expressed concern over because we had already discussed this by phone. Moreover, the Voodoo Priestess in question, national television personality "Bloody Mary," has been hired by Grey Line NOLA for numerous events on the boat through the years and, according to Mary, even our shop has supplied services for Mary in helping to entertain guests on the boat. In spite of all of this, Deidra Edwards informed Ty and me by phone that the owner wanted nothing with Witches or Voodoo for "religions reasons." In addition to this being incredibly discriminatory, it also put us in a precarious position given that this was two weeks before the event. 
Thankfully, we are now at the Creole Queen and Deidra did help with that so perhaps she feels some shame at the actions of the owner of her company. However, after she and the owner met with their lawyer, Deidra has revised the reason we were being cancelled, never having admitted in writing to the "religious reasons" she spoke of to Ty Siddiqui and I on the phone, but rather is now stating that they are canceling the contract because we violated it by having a drumming​ on the boat that they were unapproved and by selling tickets to "non-members" of our organization, both prohibited by their contract. However, I had addressed the membership piece of the contract by phone and Deidra had said that said that this didn't apply to us since we were a public event and not a membership organization to begin with. I also have emails back and forth referring to the drummers on the boat and to the Voodoo priestess and blessing she was doing and never once did Deidra act surprised by this, presumably because we had already discussed it by phone. Deidra Edwards knew all along that this was an event that sold to the public and that we were having drummers and a Voodoo priestess and that the event was for Witches. If she had an issue with the drummers or the public event, both of which they knew about, why wait until two weeks before the event to cancel? This is appalling. I realize she kept the owner out of the loop but he should have at least had the good grace to treat us as a customer and allow us to have our event at least for this year so we would have time to plan for next year's event in June, where we would happily rather go to the Creole Queen than be somewhere we are not wanted.
I have worked in tourism for thirteen years. I sat on the Board of Directors for the official office of tourism of Salem, Massachusetts. I have been an ambassador for tourism in both cities with appearances on Showtime, The Wall Street Journal, TLC, BBC, The New York Times, The Travel Channel (multiple times), and more. To treat us this way at the last minute, causing us to incur numerous costs such as flyer reprinting, several staff members allocated to calling attendees and presenters to make sure they know the location of the other riverboat, which is also much further away from the hotel we are at. There's a good chance we would have changed hotels if we knew we were going to be at the Creole Queen. 
Perhaps most disappointing about this is that it has put is in a compromising position with our guests, who now have to walk a mile from the hotel or rely on cabs that there may not be enough of in order to reach the new location which is 3/4 of a mile further away. We take our relationship with our guests seriously and we believe that the Steamboat Natchez and Grey Line Tours NOLA should take their customer relationships seriously as well. It is deeply distressing to think that they could treat this so cavalierly.Great food and great staff! The bartenders were more than patient having served me and about 19 other friends. The live jazz band was solid and definitely contributed to the New Orleans atmosphere. Jojo was especially awesome as she jotted down her favorite shopping and food spots in the city which we really took into consideration and enjoyed!! (Thanks again, Jojo!!)
We loved the boat ride with all of its great photo ops. We definitely would recommend taking a ride on the Steamboat Natchez as a fun daytime activity.Great time! One thing we didn't like was having to eat the second we got on the boat..do NOT get first seating. Food was ok...white chocolate bread pudding was GREAT! As you cruise the river a narration is broadcast by one of the captains, which was very informative. A great way to spend a couple of hours in NOLA!Dinner, live music, while on one of the last steam driven paddle boats that exist in the world. Sure why not. The food was pretty good, and so was the live band. While on the boat, they take you for a ride up the Mississippi River,  while the band plays, about half way up. The food is served including a dessert. It was well worth it.For the cost it seems cheap to go up the port and only turn around and no food or refreshments! Was not happy...Its a great way to spend a few hours, explore a steamboat and some history of new orleans associated with the river. I'd recommend getting a bloody mary and settling in a nice zone on the boat (away from screaming ill behaved children) and enjoy the boat ride. Listen to the commentary for awhile followed some jazz music and enjoy the breeze .Opted for the lunch cruise because it was much cheaper and the only big difference between lunch and dinner was the jazz band that was playing. Didn't opt for the lunch because the menu didn't seem so tasty in my mind... or at least, it's the same food I could get at a restaurant, why waste a meal on a boat that probably isn't going to be great? 
It was freezing the day we went and it started raining a little bit. I stayed outside for about half and hour and apparently, it was a smart move since the narration doesn't really continue after that point. 
It was one of those things to check off the "to-do" list, but the scenery wasn't great. Nice to learn some tidbits here and there but the narration wasn't so informative. 
Went inside to enjoy the band and some cocktails. Mmm I had a really good bloody mary, they rim the cup with cajun seasoning. Delish! 
Oh the engine room tour was not impressive... but I guess maybe I'm not a big fan of them? Or maybe I expected more?
Definitely glad that we did the lunch cruise. Saved a few bucks compared to the dinner price.Steamboats are legendary as are the Dukes of Dixieland, and on the Natchez river cruises, you get to enjoy both!  The Dukes have been famous for over 50 years with their traditional dixieland jazz music.  And steamboats were at the heart of the growth of our nation through the 19th century.  If you are in New Orleans in the Summer, I recommend the evening dinner cruise.  If it is any other season, the afternoon lunch cruise would be better due to the loss of sunlight in the evening.  (You would end up photographing white pin-pricks from scattered lights in a sea of darkness.)  On the other hand, the Dukes of Dixieland play on every cruise, so you can't go wrong no matter which cruise you choose.  The meals are served buffet-style, and it is "all you can eat".  The extra 10 or 12  bucks for lunch is definitely worthwhile.  The most popular item for "seconds" (and "thirds") was the bread pudding with bourbon sauce.  An extra $25 for dinner?  I dunno ... the food is good, but not great.  A lunch cruise is the best value IMHO, but a sunset cruise with the city lights just turning on is a photographer's dream ("golden time").Amazing night!!! The jazz band was spot on. The food for great. Each side excellent. The Natchez punch was great too. Got an amazing captain hat for $12. Def good back anytimeDragged my hubby here since I've never been on a real steamboat.  We did the evening dinner cruise and it was great!  Captain gave us a tour  around  the engine room and also learned a lot about the "real"  steamed powered boat versus other.  It is truly impressive and historical to see. Dinner is buffet style, I thought it was good (we're from Vegas.... enough said ) , the pork loin stood out the most to us ;)  definitely would recommend taking a cruise on the Natchez!Great little experience, although maybe a tad overpriced. But if they can command it, why not? A real (and the only) operating steam boat that travels up and down the river, with interesting and informative narrative the whole way. As many have suggested, site on the left side of the boat for the best views and association with the commentary. We did not get the food, but one little-known perk is that if you buy an iced tea, there are free refills for the duration of the cruise. A sweet deal, as it was blistering hot and refills were essential. Definitely walk around the ship to check out the engine room, head to the back of the boat to feel the splash of the paddlewheel, head to the top deck for great pictures, and wander inside to check out the live jazz band!We had a fantastic time on the steamboat last night. The atmosphere was great and food was good- especially the fish and shrimp, as well as the bread pudding! We received fantastic service from Lisa who was not our waitress but saw that we had not yet been tended to and then went above and beyond to make our experience wonderful.I was in NOLA and my friend Jesse G suggested doing a this dinner cruise.... So he made the reservations  and we all showed up. 
For 60.00 +/- you get to board the boat in the early evening, enjoy a really nice buffet dinner and listen to a great Jazz band...
Fist, the Staff was great... from the lady who took our ticket when getting on the boat, to our waitress to the bartenders working... all really great and friendly people.  You couldn't ask for more.
Once on the boat, you can go and eat, go to one of the two bars and grab a drink.. and explore on the boat... the engine room is open for you to check out... very cool.... I highly recommend you don't skip the engine room.
The food was all you can eat, buffet style... Now before you turn up your nose, it was REALLY GOOD food.  They had a cajun/blackened style catfish that was great.... Some kind of pork loin that was delicious and not dry as most mass served pork tends to be... but perhaps the best thing was a rosemary chicken breast that was some of the most tender chicken I've ever had.
The Jazz band they had playing was really great too... I'm not sure if the band changes, but it made for a pleasant evening!
The "cruise" itself might be better during the summer.  It was dark when we left and a bit cold outside... so we didn't do much site seeing.
If you are planning a trip to NOLA, I would put this on the "cool to do if you have time" list... Not the "must do list".  
In all, great people, great food, cool boat, great music!Great tour of the Mississippi- it can be extremely hot depending when you go and where you sit-id recommend purchasing the dinning plan option.My brother and sister-in-law came out to visit from California for a long weekend. We were looking for something low-key to do on Sunday. This fit the bill - it's perfect for first-time visitors. We did the Sunday Brunch cruise and sat at the table right by the bar and the band. It was nice to listen to the band while we ate. We sat outside the rest of the cruise, listened to the tour guide and took photos. Lovely Sunday afternoon.Since I had some free time today, I decided to take the Steamboat tour. It was reasonably priced. You could either choose to get the lunch included or not. Either way, the tour was nice. The narrator gave good information about the sights we were seeing and about the boat itself. The jazz band was pretty good and it was just an overall good time. I would definitely recommend anyone to do it and would soon again, myself.This is a really good break from all the craziness of downtown & Jackson Square. $60 for two on a two steamboat ride wasn't bad. The ride was smooth and the announcer was informative. The cool breeze was right on time too. There is plenty of history & plenty to see. Family & large group friendly, we enjoyed the two hour break from the hustling & bustling of the street...until the crew came around selling their picture package. Other than that, book the cruise, sit back & relax & enjoy the ride.First let me quantify that "one star" actually equals ZERO. While New Orleans is clearly a spiritual "melting pot" of many traditional and non-traditional religious and spiritual paths including Voodoo for which it is known for and for which is a large attraction for tourist who inevitably may choose to ride your riverboat cruise. 
But to find out only now, that your organization has discriminated against a contracted and booked charter tour for the purpose of celebrating just that spiritual diversity the city of NOLA is known for based on religious grounds is unacceptable. 
I myself have plans to visit the "crescent city" for a convention and will let my dissatisfaction be known. This is not just now, this affects the future. I will be visiting as part of a large convention group as well. I will not patronize - and will encourage others to not patronize any Gray Line event in NOLA.My daughters and I did the jazz dinner cruise last night. The cruise itself was nice and informative. We learned some very interesting things about New Orleans such as it is six to eight feet below sea level! We were informed that this is the reason for the above ground cemeteries because if you dig down six feet, you'll hit water! So interesting! 
The staff was very friendly! The lady who led us to our table from Gray Line was very upbeat and enthusiastic! I wish I could remember her name. Jamie, our waitress was also very nice. 
The cruise itself was $48, with dinner,  $83 per adult. There was salad with a vinaigrette dressing already on the table, which was pretty tasty. The food was available buffet style. I chose the green beans almondine, creamed spinach, cajun pasta, prime rib, roasted pork loin, and chicken gumbo. 
The reason for the two stars is the food. I was surprised at the poor quality. The green beans were tough and borderline stringy. The creamed spinach and the cajun pasta were bland. I'm wondering if they were from a can. The prime rib had a lot of gristle and the roasted pork loin was very dry. The chicken gumbo was unremarkable, to say the least. As for dessert, the bread pudding was inedible. Aside from the salad, the bananas foster was the only thing I enjoyed. 
As much as I don't want to tell you what I was thinking about the food, I must because if you're like me, you depend upon Yelp to help with your choices. That said, the food reminded me of what would be served in a nursing home for a holiday meal.......no kidding. 
I wouldn't advise bringing children on this cruise as it was crowded and the rails are a bit lower than what I'm used to. My grandchildren are well behaved and I wouldn't bring them. 
I would highly recommend the cruise itself for the information, sightseeing, and live entertainment. Do yourself a favor, save yourself $35 and eat before you get on the cruise.Boat ride was very nice and informative. Was not impressed with the food, but it was $11 so I can't expect but so much flavor!Overall meh, we opted not to have the buffet, the announcer was informative, and the jazz band was the highlight. Would've probably enjoyed it more if the weather were warmer. My teenage Kids seemed a little bored.We were in the south so of course we (I) had to experience a steamboat/paddle boat. We didn't see good reviews regarding the food, so we just took the jazz tour.  It was very good.  What impressed me most was when we toured by the area that hurricane Katrina just destroyed the boat went silent. It wasn't told to, but It was as if everyone paid respect to those who have suffered and continue to struggle to bring New Orleans back.  The tour was very informative and enjoyable.Fun trip. Wouldn't waste time with the buffet as it is typical "buffet" quality (meaning poor) and there are too many good places to eat. 
Sit on the port side of the boat as this is where most of the points of interest are as the captain narrates the tour for the first half. On the way back you are entertained by the band. Nice two hours.We took the Jazz lunch cruise to celebrate my birthday. The crew are friendly and the food was really good. There is a 15 minute history of the banks of the Mississippi and a great jazz band.Booked a same day morning cruise and from the beginning to end, it was wonderful! 
I had made a note that it was my mom's and my birthday. When we were boarding, we were wished a happy birthday and shown to our reserved table, by the window! We enjoyed our spiked lemonades ($7) and then had lunch. The food was wonderful from the jambalaya,  blackened roast chicken, salads, fish and the bread and butter pudding. (I enjoyed a second helping of the jambalaya!) 
For the first half of cruising, we listened to the guide talk about the history of the Mississippi and on our way back we enjoyed the sweet sounds of jazz. This was honestly a memorable cruise and tour and it made our birthday extra special, thank you!Food was good. Sights and live jazz was fantastic! Great photo ops! After dinner be sure to go to the front of the ship to get a good seat for the history lesson.The 6 of us in our group bought our tickets for the Steamboat Natchez on the day of our cruise. We took the daylight cruise at 2:30. 
It was fascinating to hear the history of the Mississippi River, both from Native American times to recent history regarding Hurricane Katrina, a free tour we did not know was going to occur.  The boat has three floors and  we sat up on top by the paddle wheel (it results in some awesome pictures). The live jazz band was nice, even taking requests and playing songs for people who had special occasions on the day of the cruise (there was a newlywed couple on board and a girl celebrating her 6th birthday!)
The lines to buy a bottle of water can get long and they tend to run out before you get to the front of the line, I had to try the snack bar, the gift shop, and was finally able to get a bottle of water from the main bar.Great experience of New Orleans on a real steamboat. If you're hungry, the lunch with a live jazz band is pretty decent. Very friendly staff!!!The experience is what you are paying for and not the food. I believe I read somewhere that the tour is 3 hours long with a lunch. Sadly, our tour was only 2 hours long and we left 30 mins late so it was more like a hour and a half. The food was what I expected. Fried "probably frozen" catfish fillets, dry corn bread, cole slaw, okra and bread pudding. Nothing spectacular but it got the job done. Always wanted to be on a river boat so it was a fun one time experience.The good news is that it's fairly affordable. The bad news is the long lines and the lack of seats onboard. Get there early if you want to sit through the 2-hour boat ride. People seemed to be enjoying themselves though, running around with drinks and plates of food. The gift shop personnel were not attentive. The boat crew though were quite friendly.The only exciting thing about this river tour is that you are on the Mississippi River.  Other than that it was awful.  For starters you wait in a long line to board the boat because you forcibly have to take your picture.  Mandatory, no way around it as we were told by some extremely rude Natchez River Boat Tour employee.  I Love New Orleans and visit frequently but I will never do this tour again and would not recommend.I really don't understand the negative reviews for the Steamboat Natchez!!! We came here as a bachelor party event with a good group of fun guys and they gave us a killer table in the back by the wheel!
The service was good and friendly, the bartenders were cool...we just ordered the specialty drinks that they had on the menu "when in Rome." 
We all thought that the Buffett food was really good, better than you'd expect from a Steamboat Buffet would be!
The best part of this historical steamboat ride is the amazing live jazz band!! They're an Emmy award nominated or winning (I can't remember) band. They were amazing and so much fun, they play through the sunset while on the river and it's a beautiful and fun experience!
I would recommend this to anyone visiting New Orleans.Went for the lunch Cruze and enjoyed the view from the boat the food was good (buffet). If you have a few hours to relax have a few drinks and a nice meal take the Natchez you won't regret it.We were only in New Orleans for a few days and wanted to get the most out of it.  This is the only steamboat ride we found that had food and music but we had to check back with them a few times to make sure they had food because they had some problems with their refrigerators.  We did the lunch cruise because it was cheaper and preferred the live jazz bands on bourbon street.
It was buffet style and there were two bars and plenty of clean restrooms.  The food was great, fried chicken, grits, macaroni, and the BEST bread pudding I've ever had.  I'd definitely recommend it for folks that are visiting the area.
The tour itself was good to, the narration was over an intercom and if you didn't want to hear it you would sit inside and listen to the band play.  Great way to spend an afternoon in NO.This is a must do if your new to New Orleans and want to learn about the city and the ports. We paid for the food on board and it was very good. Highly recommended.For something billed as a Jazz Cruise, the band didn't play very much. The cruise was good. We were not allowed in the dining room on time for our 7:45 seating. The food was good. We ordered drinks right after we sat down, but they never arrived. When we tried to visit the gift shop after dinner, it was closed - well before we docked.I absolutely love boats and anything to do with the water but I feel like I had more fun waiting in line to board than when I was actually on it. I enjoyed listening to the steam music they had playing while boarding. You had the option of just going on the cruise itself or having lunch on the cruise. We chose to have lunch, which I wish we hadn't done because as traditional as it was, it didn't taste all that great. Especially for the price we paid. A couple of the servers also seemed to have a bit of an attitude. I found the actual ride quite boring. I didn't care to be on the boat any longer but of course I couldn't get off so I stayed in the dining area where the jazz musicians were performing. The performance was tremendous! I found this to be the best part of the ride although I did end up catching myself falling asleep every once in a while but most likely because of my lack of sleep. Lol I personally didn't think this experience was fulfilling compared to the price I paid. There are better, cheaper things to do and eat in Nola, but I guess it was an alright one-time experience.Fun short trip to view port, battlefield, and city. 
Can be crowded so get in line early.Food really wasn't that great --eat before the steamboat ride and go with the cheaper price. The jazz band was great!Ride on the boat was kind of boring. Nothing much to see other than an industrial port. Went for the jazz brunch but didn't hear any jazz.  The band doesn't start playing until the second half of the ride... When the boat has gone as far as its going and turns around to head home. They don't play as you enter... As you're eating... Or as you're leaving. If you sit outside to take in the scenery... You can't hear the band anyway.  The food is ok.  It's cafeteria serving line style.  Will say that the jambalaya I had on board was the best I had all trip.Very nice and informative boat ride.  The only bad thing was that my husband and I had a table on the right side, and everything that the Captain was talking about was on the left.  Do yourself a favor and sit on the left.  It was a little pricey, but I had a coupon, so it wad only 24 for my husband and I.  We did not eat on the boat, but I saw the food, and was not impressed.  Just do the boat ride and eat somewhere else.We only gave two stars due to experience. We went on the brunch cruise. The food was TERRIBLE. Dry ham, cheese grits.  No variety and they only serve water and iced tea; no coffee or hot tea. Live band nice but just ok. Not much ambiance. Kind of boring just seeing barges and skyline of city. Sorry but very disappointed.Its a fun way to see New Orleans from an old fashioned steam paddle boat.  Right before we got on the boat they have whistles that play music - like dixieland jazz - and it really gets you in the spirit for your upcoming tour. The first half of the tour they give a oral presentation - my recommendation would be to sit on the left side of the boat because that seemed to be where they kept pointing things out, like the levees that broke during Katrina and the Domino Sugar Factory.  On the way back they stop talking and you can go explore the boat and walk around.  It was interesting to go look at the engine room and go stand on the back of the boat near the paddles - you really get an appreciation to how much power that boat has.  They offer lunch but we ate before we got on board and they also have a bar which I had a cocktail which I think was $5.  I would recommend doing this when in New Orleans.We heard Jazz lunch cruise and thought that would be a great mid day activity. Getting on the boat was easy and even had our picture taken in front on a steering wheel. Just a heads up the package of photos is expensive. My girlfriend was feeling touristy so she bought it, I didn't think it was worth the price to be honest. When we initially purchased the tickets for the cruise, the woman in the ticket booth suggested we do the early lunch that way we could walk around the ship afterwards.
Unfortunately, the lunch was barely edible. The people working looked like they didn't want to be there. If I had known snacks would be available for purchase I would've gone that route instead. It was extremely hot and humid that day and no where on the ship (except inside) were you able to get comfortable. Big mistake on my part to try and eat lunch outside. That combined with the heat, and cheap drinks really did a doozy on my stomach. 
We were allowed to freely walk around and were able to go into the engine room. That was really cool to see. We were provided with some narration and history at the beginning and again at the end of the cruise. We sat outside for the majority so we were able to hear him. Unfortunately we weren't able to hear the band outside at all. Towards the end we went inside to enjoy the AC and listened to the last song or two of the band.Nice charter boat ride when in the area. I had to say I was expecting more of a beautiful scenery while on the boat ride, however that didn't happen. Saw a lot of industrial factories and cargo ships passing by. Needless to say, it was still beautiful and a great time. I mean if you wanna catch up with friends and love ones on the water, please go! Make sure to purchase a LUNCH tix, it's the best. They make the best fried catfish. I ate that the whole two hours. Also, there's live jazz but I did care to see that-- happy sailing.Boarded and went to buffet. Food cold, tasteless and unappealing. Fortunately, we were able to jump ship before departure. Poor value for the money. Band was terrible - still not sure it wasn't a joke. Glad we saved ourselves 3 hours of torture!Great experience, food was ok buffet style, drinks were good, Jazz band was awesome.  Only bad thing was no casino / gambling on the boat.I road the steamboat a while back, but I remember it being really cool.  We had dinner on the boat while riding down the Mississippi river.  I didn't really listen to the tour guide, but I did appreciate the spectacular views.Well I've done this boat ride since I was a kid and if your a tourist or a student or just a romantic boat ride I would highly recommend the Natchez with 5 stars but when you add the dinner cruise and the poor food it lost two stars. No commentary, no tour info just a ride and the food was horrible.My wife and I just took the "Jazz Lunch Cruise".
The good:
Cool boat. Pretty scenery. Interesting narration. Impressive steam engines. Overall, a nice ride. A bit steep but, a nice ride.
The bad:
The food was seriously disappointing. We're talking hospital cafeteria quality. If it had been free, it still would have been underwhelming.
You could throw a rock anywhere in the French Quarter and be guaranteed to hit a place that serves better food. (Not that I'm advocating throwing rocks in the French Quarter, but you get the idea.)
I can't speak for the dinner cruises, but if you're interested in the lunch, don't bother. Don't waste your money. Eat before or after your trip and just ride the boat for fun.I didn't have time to take the river cruise on the Steamboat Natchez last time I wad in New Orleans and wasn't going to miss out again, so I headed down Toulouse Street to the dock and bought a ticket for the 11.30am trip. The cruise costs $28.50, and for $11 more you can get lunch, which I did.
About five minutes before boarding an old lady on the top deck started belting out a deafening version of "Pennies from Heaven" on the calliope, which I think was intended to let the passengers know we were about to leave. There must have been a couple of hundred other people taking the tour, so I assumed it had to be reasonably good. 
I was wondering why they allowed 30 minutes for boarding, and found out as I got close to the front of the line. There were a few of crew near the gangway taking the obligatory cheesy tourist photo. Honestly, will I fall for this again? Probably...
They pointed the passengers who'd paid for lunch straight into the dining room, which takes up most of the first deck. They give you a little laminated card that says "Occupied" which you put on your table while you browse the buffet. I was greeted by a very friendly lady called Gina as soon as I entered. She settled me in, got me an iced tea, and replaced my bread pudding dessert as she said the first bit was a little bit burnt. How lovely!
The buffet included beans and rice, sausages, some salads, fried catfish and corn bread. Iced tea and iced water is also included in the price, but if you want anything else from the full bar that runs along one wall of the restaurant, you have to pay extra. The catfish was actually really good, and I liked the corn bread too, but the bread pudding was deserving of seconds. Tasted like the steamed pudding I used to have when I was a kid.
There was a good jazz band called The Steamboat Stompers playing at one end of the room when I entered. They politely stopped when the captain started his commentary. The Natchez is actually the sixth or seventh reincarnation of the original 19th century vessel and is only 40 years old, however the engines came from the tow boat Clairton and date from 1910. It's one of only two steamboats still operating in the US.
Gina took my photograph next to the window above the paddle wheel with the New Orleans skyline reflected in the glass, then I went up to the top deck where they have a gift shop. 
We sailed seven miles up the Mississippi passed the site of the Battle of New Orleans where the Americans defeated the British in 1815, thus ending the War of 1812. I could see the white obelisk of the monument commemorating the battle over the top of the levee.
Bought a drink from the Texas Bar on the upper deck and sipped it at a table by the railing under the canopy. The jazz band had started playing again and a cool breeze was coming down the river. Very pleasant. Finished my drink and relocated to the rear upper deck, which also has a small bar. Ordered a Bacardi and coke and watched the river roll by. I can think if a lot worse ways to spend a couple of hours than drifting down the Mississippi in an old paddle steamer. Good tour, and certainly enhanced by gina's excellent customer service.
Sent from my iPadKeep your plan simple, like we did:
1. Go eat lunch beforehand at one of the many great dining options on land
2. Get on the Natchez and enjoy being on one of the few steam-powered boats that still runs. 
Go for the experience, go for the view, go for the jazz. Go when you're already full. Tix are totally reasonable and you can get a few bucks off if you search online. This was a great experience.Cruise is good for the two hours you are on the river, the food though was terrible don't spend your money on the lunch, don't know how the dinner is but not worth the money I would thinkPretty disappointing!  Other than some additional views of the French quarter, there really isn't anything to see at all!  The banks of the river just has some commercial warehouses and wharfs, and some abandoned factories....and that's it!  The guide tries to make it exciting by pointing out tugboats and freight ships, but compared to the other things to do in New Orleans , it is a bust!  Save your money!  The ride on the river was pleasant but boring.  Steam away from this one!While the ride for the Natchez was long (2 hours), there really wasn't too much to see. It was a really relaxing ride along the Mississippi River, and I guess checking out the steam room was pretty cool, but beyond that there was not too much.
The commentary was rather lackluster and to sum it up: here are some boats, here are the levies, here is ___. I didn't really felt inspired by the ride but it was nice to sit around on a boat on a lazy afternoon.
If you have a packed schedule, I would skip this. Otherwise, 2 hours for ~$25 is not bad.This was a nice cruise and well worth the price ($36 including lunch, $25 without lunch).  Takes you down river on the Mississippi with great views of New Orleans and interesting shipping and industrial sites.  Terrific views of the skyline, the industrial canal and adjacent 9th ward devastated by Katrina, and the Battle of New Orleans battlefield and monument.  Saw container, coal, and scrap metal ships docked and loading or unloading.  Lunch was not bad, especially since it only cost $11!!!  Fried chicken, jambalaya, red beans and rice, cole slaw, bread pudding and ice tea - not haute cuisine but tasty and cheap at that.  Jazz music in dining room was ok but we ate outside at table right by the railing.  Definitely recommend!Enjoyed the cruise, the band was good but food is AWFUL!!! I've had better TV dinners.   Dinner cruise is definitely not worth it.  Take the cruise; save your money and buy snacks from the snack bar.What trip to NOLA would be complete without a steamboat ride down the Mississippi?  The buffet was pretty tasty, especially the bread pudding beinettes.  We enjoyed the ride and the history and the scenery!The cutest little experience so far in our trip. We were a little confused at the start because we purchased tickets online but please note there is not a separate line for that! You have to go to the ticket booth to pick up your tickets. If you want to board on time unlike us, get here a lot
Earlier! The manager Jen was amazing. She noted we were super lost and she kindly accommodated us in the second lunch seating available. This allowed us to be able to enjoy the audio tour and the sights. The Natchez is such a beauty to witness and experience. While on board we ordered a drink called the "Jazz Punch". I asked for mine without the 151 since I'm a lightweight drinker and the bartender politely obliged but told me to not say that out loud lol  it was such a great time. As far as the food goes, it was buffet style. There was Jambalaya, White rice, beans, Southern Fried Fish and Baked Chicken and a side salad with ranch dressing. I didn't go  back for seconds since my first serving was generous. I did however love love love the bread pudding. I purchased a single scoop ice cream cone with Butter Pecan and it was a wonderful compliment to my bread pudding dessert. The drink line is on the other side of the buffet, be prepared to wait a bit for your tea as Tj  staff is not as fast In this department. Overall, highly recommend it and would definitely come back again. Sorry guys, I forgot to take pictures of my Neal today but here's some other pics. XoxoThey say service can make or break an experience. The rudeness of the woman serving food was shocking. Travelers beware pick something else to do...In a last-minute rush, we were able to snatch the family day special at a cost of $15 for a nice afternoon trip aboard this boat. It was a really good deal that took us down the Mississippi River so that we could see what lie along the banks of this popular strip. I learned a lot from the guy who was on the mic giving the tour and I also got a peak at the engine of the steamboat itself. It was truly a pleasure to see but ridiculously hot. And it was only June though. The tour is nice for families, couples, friends, lovers and basically anyone. I wasn't able to taste the food but they do have a snack bar that serves drinks, chips, and hotdogs if you are unable to get table reservations.Why would anyone do this? There is nothing to see on the Mississippi River!!! Unless you like looking at shipping boats and refineries! We didn't eat the food but it looked gross. Music sounded ok but we're not really jazz fans. The ride was booooring!I've been to NOLA several times already, if this was my first experience I would have been disappointed. It was nice to sit and watch the water. The announcer had a hint of a New Orleans accent, but disappointed it wasn't thicker since the accent is distinguished. It was really expensive, in my opinion.
In response to the comment about the accent, the drivers, locals and friends I have from that area have a New Orleans accent, I didn't base my review off the TVHonestly, this was a waste of time. Don't recommend. Information was pretty much useless.Great boat ride with decent narration.
The bar on the upper deck was a set back...horrible service...the older male bartender was pretty rude and gave us attitude when he couldn't make a drink we asked for.  
I even told him how to make it.This was my second time to New Orleans, but my first time with my wife.  My wife purchased tickets for a flat boat swamp tour, steamboat tour and a ghost tour.  Darius B. was the tour bus driver.  Darius was a great driver and he had a great personality.  Darius gave our group some great recommendations for food and other activities.  I would definitely recommend Greyline Tours.Natchez, lemonheads, my dad's boat.... 
Anyway, this was disappointing but not by the fault of the organizers. The steamboat is kind of cool if you've never been on one. And it does afford a nice view of the city as well as some background history. I didn't try the food because come on, there are so many awesome restaurants around, I didn't want to waste precious stomach space with boat buffet food. 
It's not a terrible way to kill a couple hours. I was kind of bored, to be honest. I found myself wishing I did a swamp tour instead (much smaller boat and GATORS!). We also passed the American Queen, a beautiful overnight cruise boat that goes from New Orleans to St. Louis - it looked awesome. Basically, I found myself repeatedly questioning my decision to spend my Saturday afternoon here. That's just me though.The tour was very informative. I did not select the food option because there where so many options in the French Quarter. The music was smoothing. There is a lot of history in NOLA and this tour allow you to learn about NOLA from the Mississippi River.I have never been on a steamboat except at Disneyland, so I enjoyed the ride and nice breeze. I loved hearing the history of NOLA and seeing the Mississippi River. The lunch was pretty tasty.This is a somewhat pricey activity but worth getting to ride down the Mississippi river in a real steamboat(it's like Disney Land but with no track or fake Indians).  The captain narrates the entire journey filling you in on the historical sites you pass, and there are two full bars on board.  We didn't bother with the food, as you pay almost twice as much for the meal and we were glad that we didn't as it looked pretty mediocre.Pleasantly surprised.  I've done a few of these jobbies and always felt ripped off or deflated for one reason or another. Not this time! Worth the money. Attentive, friendly staff. Lunch buffet surprisingly good.Super touristy. Don't care. Had a BLAST!!!!
Great bar, freshly made drinks. Best bloody ever.
Really informative.
You just have to go! Worth every penny.Very nice experience. Food was decent for buffet. Fried fish was excellent. Enjoyed the entire experience. There's really not much to see but we still enjoyed the ride and entertainment. The jazz performance at the start and end of trip was lively and enjoyable. The tour of the engine room was neat. The narration when the music wasn't happening was entertaining. 
It's a nice relaxing two hours in New Orleans if you have the time and looking for something local to do. Catch steamboat in Jackson Square. I hear the Sunday brunch is very nice but it was very difficult waking up early enough on a Sunday in the quarter. Maybe next trip we'll make it in time.Historic Steamboat Paddleship Still Plies The Mississippi River!
SITREP
I love opportunities to check out ships.  While here in New Orleans, the opportunity presented itself to join a fellow group of Yelpers to ride aboard the historic Steamboat Natchez.
THE SETUP
I have been exposed to many different kinds of boats:  from small skiing boats & fishing boats back at homes in Maryland & Idaho, to mid-size ferries zipping me & my car across the Puget Sound in Seattle, to large battleships & aircraft carriers all over the world, and even some more eclectic battle-ready vessels such as catamarans, gunboats & submarines while in the service.  Each boat or ship has it's own character.  But all have in common the love of being in & on the water.
DELTA KING
Since I currently live in Sacramento, I love to visit the steamboat Delta King which we have permanently moored on the Sacramento River (in the Old Sacramento hood - it's original sister ship the "Delta Queen" is functioning under another name in another part of the country).   The Delta King has been converted to a Hotel, Fancy-Schmancy Restaurant (but also with a kick-ass deck bar that has some of the best happy hours in Ole River City), a Theater, and basically just an all-round excellent place to stand on the decks and feel the Delta Breeze in your face, on a beautiful late spring / summer evening.
STEAMBOAT NATCHEZ
The Steamboat Natchez is an almost identical steamboat, and so being able to come to New Orleans and experience this vessel is an extra special treat for me since besides having the historical significance of the mercantile commerce this class of ship represented in the antebellum South, it is also quite intriguing and fulfilling to me as a lover of history be able to board and ride to a steamboat like this that is STILL OPERATIONAL (*stands on the front deck Natchez on May 10, 2013,  feeling the rain on his face, with hands raised like a giddy little school boy on a rollercoaster*) ;)
HISTORY
The Steamboat Natchez is one of the last operational Paddleboat Steamships that actually - functionally - plies the Mississippi under it's own power.  It was built in 1855 and then as the Civil War broke out, it was acquired by the Confederacy in 1861.  During the course of the war, and as fortunes were turning, it was actually SUNK in the Mississippi by the Confederacy to prevent it from falling in the hands of Union forces.  After the war, it was brought out of the water, salvaged and refurbished.
MARK TWAIN ON STEAMBOATS
Some of Mark Twain's most famous anecdotal references are about the Steamboat Natchez.  This was the Steamboat of "Huckleberry Finn."  And in the following passage in "Life on the Mississippi", he refers to the famous race between the Steamboats "The Robert E. Lee" and the "Natchez" which took place in 1870.
"I think that the most enjoyable of all races is a steamboat race; but, next to that, I prefer the gay and joyous mule-rush. Two red--hot steamboats raging along, neck-and-neck, straining every nerve--that is to say, every rivet in the boilers--quaking and shaking and groaning from stem to stern, spouting white steam from the pipes, pouring black smoke from the chimneys, raining down sparks, parting the river into long breaks of hissing foam--this is sport that makes a body's very liver curl with enjoyment. A horse-race is pretty tame and colorless in comparison."  - Mark Twain, "Life on the Mississippi"
THE RACE 
A famous painting by Dean Cornwell captures the race between the Robert E. Lee and the Natchez.  
http://www.twainquotes.com/CornwellNatchezLee.jpg
The ships left New Orleans on Thursday, June 30th, 1870, at 4:55 P.M and the Robert E. Lee landed at St. Louis at 11.25 A.M. on July 4th, 1870 - 6 hours and 36 minutes ahead of the Natchez amidst a giant firework celebration.  It created a National sensation and was one of the most talked about races for years.  In 143 years, it STILL is the best time on record for any steamship covering the same course.  
OUR TOUR
It was an incredible privilege to tour through the Natchez - it's upper decks, it's galley, and it's engine room - and get a magnificent feel for history that this steamboat had been through:  transporting Confederate soldiers and supplies during the civil war, providing gambling & leisure entertainment for Southern Gentlemen & Ladies, etc.  As a vehicle of commerce and sometimes a floating hospital during war time, the Natchez has seen a lot of uses.
THE LOWDOWN
An incredible treat to see such a dynamic historic boat of American history.I had not been on the Natchez for a cruise since grade school and guess what? It's as fun as I remember (even without the getting out of class/field trip aspect).  
I didn't sign up for the YSB cruise since my oldest/dearest BFF was coming into town for a convention the next week for a conference. I had helped him decide on some of the social events, including one on the Natchez.  So I got to cruise the river at night with a bunch of engineers...and explain the food to some of them.
While there were many bars set up all over the boat for this event, the main bar had the best selection of liquor in case you're a brand snob AND for this event, the conference had booked Sunpie Barnes and the Louisiana Sunspots, so much fun!
The food was yummy! My BFF even compared their gumbo to his grandfather's! High praise. I enjoyed the caprese salad on a stick, the passed spanokopitas and the shrimp creole,  The mini-muffalatas and the bananas foster were big hits too!
So on the river, I loved watching the city glide by and the engineers were pretty impressed with boat turning around since the captain let the river handle part of it rather than using fuel to do so.
MUST DO! Stand at the very back and get splashed by the paddle wheel! Makes me feel like a kid again when we were allowed to file past (making sure none of us fell) to feel the water on my skin.The most fun part of this boat ride was getting off! In a nutshell, it was BORING! I didn't see much, I never heard the live Jazz I was promised as entertainment and the drinks were overpriced. Erin O. said it best, "Save your time and money and do just about ANYTHING else and you will thank me. The only positive is that you can say you rode a paddle boat down the Mississippi." Skip it!Rain rain rain when we went.  But it was a great way to lazily spend a few hours mid-day.  The tour commentary was interesting when I caught it.  They need to work on the placement of speakers because if you're anywhere near the front of the boat or inside the dining area, can't hear anything.  
We bought a combo tix set for boat tour and lunch that was a little under $35.  They had the best fried chicken.  So full of flavor and crisp!  They've become my standard for great fried chicken.  
Overall, a nice boat ride.  A must to get a feel for the city.  Ditto those rides on the horse drawn carriage, we learned so much from the lady driving ours, it was also a good way to get our bearings.I'm probably being generous here. It sounds quite appealing to cruise the Mississippi on a paddle boat, sipping a cool drink, and taking in history and culture. Granted we did this in July, but tourist attractions should know by now that it gets hot here. As people line up to board, they must stand under a tent with zero breeze listening to screeching calliope music. As you feel rivers of sweat pouring down your legs and back, you realize that everything is moving slow because they insist on taking an overpriced photo of your party before boarding. This is a long slow process. The good news is that when you come out of the tent, anything feels cooler. We sat at the front of the boat at a table on the upper deck. Based on other people's comments, this is cooler than the lower decks. When the boat eventually gets under way, a guide presents a strangely articulated narrative of what is going on along the river. It's interesting and only lasts the first half before the boat turns to return up river. At that time there is a live Dixie band that is pleasant. We did not pay for the lunch and it looked unappealing. The majority of passengers had senior AARP cards. They seemed to enjoy themselves. Anyone under 70 who came to New Orleans for typical reasons can probably find better ways to spend their time and money.Fun ride w good tour guide telling us about sights along the way. Also good bar drinks & loved live band on board.  I'd recommend not getting the dinner & just enjoy the cruise. They rush you through dinner & you miss half of the sights while you're eating!Great, chill atmosphere. Relaxing. Great historical information followed by great jazz. They have alcohol on board. 2 hours was just enough!If you are a first- timer to NOLA, then your tourist eperience won't be complete without a steamboat tour. We went on the dinner cruise with the Dukes of Dixieland. They served a buffet- style dinner with salad, fried Catfish, BBQ Beef Brisket, Herbed Chicken, Porkloin, pasta, potataoes, creamed spinach and Bread Pudding. Dinner comes with coffee and iced tea only. The tour is okay considering it is a port and all you see are cargo ships. You do get a wonderful view of the bridge and the skyline. The staff are friendly and attentive. The band was entertaining and we enjoyed listening to jazz misic. It rained on our way back to port so we were soaked. All in all, it was a fun thing to do. It is a bit pricey for $70.Went on the Natchez 2nd week of Oct with my wife. Been on a few tourist river cruises of the years but I was pleasantly surprised with the Natchez. Food was surprisingly good (lunch). The narration was interesting and informative. Well worth the $44My wife & I went on the Jazz Dinner Cruise aboard the Natchez last night.  It was a 5 star experience, with the exception of the dinner, which we paid a good premium for (over the daytime jazz cruise).  The steamboat was incredible, visiting the engine room was amazing.  The crew was somewhat friendly, and the jazz band (Dukes of Dixieland) was very good.  The cruise itself with narration was quite enjoyable.  The reason I gave it onlly three stars overall was because of the dinner.  The salad was pretty good, lettuce only slightly wilted.  The entree courses were incredibly overcooked and very dry & chewy.  They offered chicken, fish, beef brisket and roast pork tenderloin.  The beef brisket was not overcooked, just very fatty.  The other three, which should have been easy, were just plain dry & chewy.  No excuse in a town like New Orleans, with such great food on every street, for them to serve this kind of meal.  I was very dissapointed.Located at the Toulouse St. Warf, the steam boat runs daily and offers lunch buffet along with a dinner jazz cruise. The line was like never ending so it's best to wait at the end to board. First come first serve seats but people played musical chairs and walk around. It's best to walk around first and explore a little from the high deck. If you're sensitive from the sun, the middle deck it is. 
Boarding was 11am, departed 11:30am and arrived back 1:30pm. 4 bars, snack options and an optional buffet. The food was overpriced, like $12 Nachos (just processed cheese and a handful of chips). The tour guide and the live jazz band kept everyone entertained.
Gorgeous view of the French Quarter and the Financial District. You get a glimpse of the Domino sugar factory, a plantation and multiple ships from different countries. The Natchez steam boat is nice for site seeing and relaxing, especially if you enjoy some jazz.My husband and I booked the brunch cruise. All I have to say is disgusting, nasty, and old food!!!! Even our waitress said the chicken was dry, she neglected to mention the fish was dry too. The fish was so hard that it hurt my teeth to eat it. Everything was tasteless and substandard. I'm pretty sure the jambalaya was from a Zatarains mix. You are only allowed in the dining room for a short time before you are kicked out, so that they can set up for the next group of poor souls that booked the dinner cruise. Please save your money and don't take this cruise!It was okay. Nice to be able to see parts of NOLA that I wouldn't have otherwise seen. However, we spent more time in the parking lot due to poor planning on the company's part than during the cemetery stop. Service FAIL.The boat ride is nice. The narrative was good but hard to hear. The music was good. I liked that you could visit the steam room. 
The lunch was rather bland. Mashed potatoes, white rice, beans, gravy, dirt rice with beef and liver, fried fish, bread, Coleslaw and pasta salad. Fresh fruit (i.e. Whole apples, pairs), and bread pudding. The lines for the food were long and did not move. The servers at the food station were unfriendly and rude. The servers cleaning plates were friendly and engaging.
The line to board took 40 minutes. The boat left 10 minutes late and ended 10 minutes early.
Based on the price and the shorten trip and bland food it was a 2. I gave it a 4 based on the ride.Very nice, relaxing.  Sit on the port side (look it up ye landlubber).  A great tour guide.  Well worth the money.Great excursion. Excellent  buffet meal and wonderful narration. Loved hearing about the sights along the river and some history. Live Dixie land music was a bonus. Don't miss this tour!The Steamboat Natchez is promising. In one way, it is a good way to burn an hour and a half or so which affords one beautiful views of beautiful New Orleans with very minimal physical effort. It could also be a good way to learn about the history and tidbits about some of the city's landmarks.
We were able to get the views but we missed all the history and tidbits part narrated by the captain because we had the misfortune of cruising with a group of high-spirited and boisterous students whose idea of a great afternoon out of the classroom is most definitely not listening to history and tidbits. More power to them but I really was looking forward to learning more about my beloved city so I was disappointed. Perhaps a better sound system would have resolved this problem, but the boat did not have a better sound system.
If you are trying to find some leisure time, Steamboat Natchez is not a terrible idea. But if you are looking to also learn something about New Orleans, look elsewhere.Make sure you sit on the left (New Orleans) side of the ship or the landmark narration will be useless. The ride was okay, but dinner was terrible. You must be given permission to head to the buffet, but our entire section was forgotten. Other passengers were already going up for seconds by the time we were "allowed" to eat. We should have taken this as a sign- the food was terribly salty. When I spoke to the manager, he brought me another plate, but I was unable to eat the meal. Now, I really enjoy my salt, but this was ridiculous. We soon noticed that most other passengers were complaining as well. For the price, I should have been able to eat within a reasonable period of time, and enjoyed edible food. No one even acknowledged the issues, and were as laissez-faire as New Orleans proudly claims to be. I would recommend looking around, or taking the chance of spending $75 per person for an inedible meal.The tickets, without a meal, they offer a buffet meal but I don't know what they charge for that, are $48.00 per person and they play loud live band music throughout the 2 hour ride. If you like loud music, instead of talking, and like to pay $48.00 for a basic 2 hour ride on a boat no different than a ferry, in most respects, then flip this around to a 5 star rating.It wasn't like a super awesome great trip but I just like listening to jazz on a steamboat on the Mississippi River. The live band was pretty sweet. I don't recommend doing the buffet onboard (looked bland)--just get a regular ticket and chill outside and enjoy the view or be inside to listen to the band when they are actually playing. The MC was describing things things that were almost interesting. It was just really nice sitting for a while enjoying this vast river as a little break before going back to attack the streets of the French Quarter.
They sail rain or shine--beware of slipping and wet seats! They do a military discount--call them to make it so!Oddly enough, I never took the lunch or dinner cruise, but booked my wedding there having never tried the food.  Luckily, it was great!  I don't know if it was because it was for a special event, but we chose a menu of pretty typical Cajun food (etouffe, gumbo, pasta for the Yankee family, bread pudding) and everything was very tasty!  Their events coordinator, Melissa, was friendly and sweet, and didn't bat an eye at our non-traditional wedding.  The staff serving and helping was incredible, I really wish I had gotten each of their names because they really gave us outstanding service.  
The river tour was fantastic, very relaxing and informative.  The engine room is a must see, for sure... there are almost no actual steam boats on the river any more.  (The Creole Queen is a regular boat with a paddlewheel stuck on the back for show.)  The boat itself is gorgeous and very well maintained, and everyone we encountered throughout the planning process and on the big day was helpful and fun.  Captain Troy actually performed our ceremony, then steered the boat!  
I've heard some poor reviews of the food, and I know for our anniversary we'll take the dinner cruise, so I'll update my review for that.  But for our special event, they really shined and months later people are still calling to tell me how much fun they had and how good the food was.Steamboat Natchez offers several different options at varying price points, and I chose the afternoon jazz cruise, sans buffet--the cheapest they've got. I booked in advance, and if you're going to be arriving at a busy time of year, I recommend doing the same. My cruise was the day after Fat Tuesday, and boy was the boat packed! My friend bought her ticket the day of, and she had to wait in a ridiculously long line. I was surprised she even got on.
To those who have complained that the ride was boring, tell me... what did you expect? It's not white water rafting or a ride on a speed boat; it's a slow cruise down the lazy Mississippi, and as such, I thought it was just fine.
Perhaps it's a question of motivation; I was looking for ambiance, not excitement, and for $32 I got just what I wanted. It's a handsome old boat, and as it doesn't seem to have been refurbished in quite a while, it's easy to imagine that you've ventured back in time. True, it doesn't go far, but the ride is peaceful and the cool river breeze quite pleasant. I captured some stunning shots of the city, the colorful barges, and the Creole Queen, which had docked at Chalmette. Live jazz is piped throughout the boat, adding to the air of nostalgia. Grab a drink and a seat by the rail and watch the sights drift by; it's the perfect way to unwind. 
Might I have suffered disappointment if I'd sprung for the lunch package? Probably. I didn't see a single dish that didn't contain meat or dairy or both; they certainly don't cater to those with dietary restrictions. It sure smelled good, though.This is all right I don't recommend you buying dinner it's not necessary to have a good time up stairs with the  Jazz band . You're definitely eat better In town. It's get there too early all you're doing is standing in line.The tour sales person was the rudest person I encountered in my week in New Orleans. Needless to say, I did not purchase any of the tours we went on from this person.I took my wife on a lunch cruise.food was good.engine room was open.a very relaxing trip. Bar had a lot of drinksI have been on the steamboat for both the day time tour and the dinner and jazz cruse. They were both fantastic. The night cruse is definitely more of a "date night " activity, with a more romantic feel, city lights are amazing at night. Day time tour was perfect for taking my vacationing parents on. Little pricey but well worth it.Lovely experience! Staff was very friendly, food was tasty, the boat was clean, and the tour itself was interesting and informative. The music was also wonderful - not too loud, but very good, mostly swing (think Benny Goodman). This was a nice, comfortable, pleasant way to spend an afternoon and learn a bit about New Orleans. We're usually not ones for touristy activities, but this was absolutely worth it. I'd love to come back for the Sunday brunch.
Tips:
- Leaves from 400 Toulouse St.
- Arrive at least half an hour before to avoid long boarding lines.
- Even if you bought a ticket online, you need to stop at the ticket office right before you board (same address) to exchange it for an official ticket.
- For lunch, go in 5 mins early to avoid lines. Lunch is buffet-style.
- Sit on the city-side (not the westbank side), since that's where most of the landmarks are.
- The lunch options may not be sufficient for vegetarians.
- The lunch menu included red beans with sausage, two kinds of rice, mashed potatoes, beef gravy, and cooked okra with bread pudding for dessert. Tea, coffee, and cups of water are included; everything else is for sale. A bottle of water is $2.50.
- Cocktails were about $7 (and looked pretty good).We decided to get last minute tickets because it started to rain and we figured we could wait out the rain a little on the boat.  It was a great trip up and down the river and the bartender on the top floor (sorry can't remember his name!) made the absolute best lemon drops we experienced anywhere in New Orleans.  It was also fun visiting the engine room and learning about what we were seeing while cruising down the river.When you board grab a table and chairs on the port side of boat (left).  This is the side of attractions that the skipper talks about for the first half hour.  The music is fun .  
Overall not a bad way to kill 2 hours in New Orleans on the Mississippi River .It's a cool tour to learn some interesting facts about the area and the Mississippi River (it's the longest river in the States and the 4th longest in the world!), but overall it was just ok, not in my opinion a Must Do activity in Nola.  The narration was only about 30 minutes and the rest of the 1 1/2 hours you're idle.  The scenery is nice and there are some cool pictures worth taking, but I think my experience got dampened because it was really cold when I took the tour and all the seats are outside.  If you're lucky and can snag a spot in the restaurant, that's great, otherwise, if you do this tour in the winter, it is a chilly two hours outside.  I've done similar type of cruises in other states and they usually provide plenty of outdoor and indoor seating, so you can decide where to sit depending on the weather and mood, but that was not the case with Steamboat Natchez.  The live jazz music was alright, but I heard GREAT music later that night when I walked down Bourbon Street!  Anyways, it was interesting and not bad, but to me a little steep for the $25 I paid, I think $15 is more reasonable, but nonetheless a decent area activity.Very touristy and the price reflects it. The food was ok with a very limited menu. The on board narration was excellentOk so you cannot go to New Orleans and not ride the Natchez...its like a right of passage to stay their...Its cheezy yes but its history. Take a river tour learn about the local river land and you can eat if you  want or hang out with the band on top deck.. Chill in the bar view the steam engine room and visit the 1920 gift shop.. were the cashier calls you "SUGAR"  .....Love it !!!..Went on this afternoon cruise for a friends wedding in November 2015. The boat was comfortable for the amount of people onboard. There was a live band, lunch service, and a dance floor. 
The interior of the boat was very warm as if they had the heat adjusted too high. The house band was good and the bride and groom enjoyed an impromptu dance with recognition from the band leader over the microphone. 
The food was fried catfish and nothing spectacular. I suppose I expected more from the food as it would have made for a much nicer ambiance. 
We were able to walk about the boat while cruising and enjoyed the steam organ performance atop the boat before departure. All in all, it is a fun group event and served as a place for us to gather and visit while celebrating the bride and groom before we left to go to museums.I'm glad we did the steamboat ride. The information was interesting and you can see the engine room and walk about the boat but be warned, they have two dining times and you can't walk freely about the boat. The dinner was good, all except for the bread pudding which was horrible, get the bananas foster instead. 
They just try to cram too many people on. It's crowded. I warned you.What a beautifully restored and amazingly run boat! 
The food is good, the drinks are okay.We loved the dinner cruise. The Jazz Band, The Dukes of Dixieland, were superb. They played most of the cruise and we sat in their area. The music was piped to the entire ship. The meal was better quality banquet food. The narration was fine. The trip down the Mississippi was very interesting, and cool. Highly recommended.You definitely need to take the nighttime jazz cruise. The music itself was great, but the true gem is cruising the Mississippi on an actual steamboat. It was peaceful, you got great views of New Orleans from the water, and the overall atmosphere was very welcoming. In the end, it's a cruise on the water, so not much explanation is needed. That being said, don't miss it, especially at night.Lovely boat and trip. Its a solid 2 hours, but i wish it went down the river a bit more. For the first 45 mins or so there is a host talking and giving you a bit of the tour. that was nice, i wish it were longer. food was not bad at all, i was shocked by the few things i tried. my friends didnt complain either. plenty of vegetarian options. plenty of seats to sit at outside and enjoy the ride.Terrible waste of lots of money.
Only good part was some interesting history on NOLA/river.
Annoying hard sell to spend on food, booze and in the gift shop blared thru speakers.
Mediocre jazz band.
Not much to see except tankers, tugs, freighters, dredgers and abandoned or old polluting factories. Appalling what corporate America has been allowed to do here.the boat ride was relaxing and even on a hot day, the moments of cool breeze was welcoming. 
before boarding, a photo is taken for purchase later. once on board the history of the river and some interesting sites are mentioned. the boat ride take about 2 hours.
the dining portion consisted of baked chicken, fried fish, gumbo and salad. there was also other snackssuxh as ice cream and liquor which could be purchased additionally.I was on this boat for a wedding and it was a great place to get married.  A must see when you are in New Orleans and if you can you should take a ride on it.If you are looking for a different view of the Big Easy hop on the Steamboat Natchez! This boat accommodates a large number of people, it's a two hour trip on the Mississippi set back enjoy the tour, dance to the live jazz and meet new people from all over the worldGreat experience!  Definitely a must for anyone visiting New Orleans!  My wife and I went on the Dinner Jazz Cruise on our anniversary trip to New Orleans and it could not have been a better experience.
The food, the music, the service were all as good as we could have hoped for.  Obviously, the boat, the river, the sunset and the city skyline view were all exceptional!
I strongly recommend this cruise to anyone going to New Orleans!Our feet needed a break so how about a ride down the Mississippi!!
A real steam boat.  Cocktails.  Narrator.  All in all a good way to kill a few hours, get out on the water and chill.  We didn't do any lunch or dinner, just the ride and it was some special so we only paid $15.00 each.  For $15.00 it was a great way to spend a few hours.Peaceful cruise down the mighty Mississippi
Our group recently was in New Orleans and had a pleasant afternoon ride on the Steamboat Natchez. The sunshine and gentle breeze helped make for a pleasant afternoon cruise down the Mississippi. Even though there were 1,200 other folks on board, we were able to board early and got some great seats near the bow (front) of the boat. This made for an enviable viewing post and helped us enjoy the trip.
Some of our group (especially me), took time to tour the boat from stem to stern. Watching the paddle wheel churn up the water and hearing the waves as we were pushed up and down the river, it was easy to picture us back 100+ years ago when a Mississippi River paddle wheel was a symbol of high society and luxurious living.
On the whole, it was a great afternoon that I would recommend to most anyone, especially if you have never experienced it for yourself.Great cruise! You get a good history of the Mississippi river. I recommend the bottom deck. No crowd. It was a nice break from the heat. It rained and it was awesome! You have a view of everything. 
Don't waste your money on the food. I got a salad snd 4 bites in and it was all mush and bad. Had to wait forever just to get a manager to approve a refund. I think that should be an easy call be staff.
When we got on the boat we noticed one of the toilets in the women's bathroom was clogged. We notified an employee who stated she would report it. The toilet was never fixed while we where on the boat.The dinner - jazz cruise was a nice simple evening. The atmosphere on the riverboat was very nice. The food was mediocre but the servers attentive and friendly. We got to tour the engine room and the multiple decks. Unfortunately due to heavy fog the ship did not sail but the music played and was fun after all.We had a special VIP tour. We were greeted at the dock and brought to our seats before everyone else. We were also brought souvenir bags and champagne glasses. We had a lot of fun. Food was amazing.Great experiance. Two hour tour for about 30 dollars. However Google coupon codes, easily found one for 5 dollars off each ticket. Wear sun screen and sit where you can see both sides for the first half, that is when they do the narrated tour. Then get up and move around while listening to live jazz and view the engine room.A touristy New Orleans adventure.  I wouldn't put it up there with the Must Do's of the city, but I did enjoy the ride.  This is the real deal propeller style ship -  the red wheel turning is pretty special to see up close.  The trip is a couple hours and not very scenic until the last part when you return to the city.  One of the captains narrates and points out points of interest.  The information was interesting as it related to the use of New Orleans as a port, the history of the area, the industry, and some impressive facts about the Mississippi River itself.  One disappointing aspect of this voyage was that the captain repeated almost everything he said on the first leg of the trip on the way back.  This would have been helpful if you weren't paying attention at all for the first half, but if you did listen attentively on the way there it was somewhat boring on the way back in anticipation of hearing even more.  There are three decks to explore, one with the engine room,  one with a dining room and bar, one with a smaller bar.  I didn't try the food (don't think I would want to as it was not so healthy type).  Great way to see and learn some new things and relax on the water.This trip while in New Orleans was one of my wife's favorites her comments to others is she could have spent the whole day on this trip. We bought the buffet meal as well and felt it was worth the price. Our only comment again is the trip could of been longer. The jazz group was very good and did a nice set.Cruise is nice but food is cafeteria like. If u r good with that go for it otherwise just take the cruiseWe went on the Sunday evening dinner cruise, first seating.  The food was good with a selection of meats (Fried Catfish, beef and turkey) but I'm glad we did the early sitting cause the cruise and The Duke of Dixieland were much better than the dinner itself.   Our server, Rachelle, was a delight with her bubbly, friendly demeanor and attention to our needs from the bar during dinner.  The Dukes of Dixieland did not disappoint and added some New Orleans heat to what was a breezing and cool evening.  If you are looking for an evening excursion with some history and good music, This is a great option.If you are doing the dinner thing, opt for the 6pm seating. Dinner is buffet and very good but seat first, eat first and grab a place on the third deck, left/port side. You'll get to enjoy the sights on the way down river and the jazz band on the way back.Meh. My husband and I were sucked into this on our honeymoon. We went on the jazz lunch tour. We went to the middle level for our lunch and I felt pretty much like a cow in herding line. Every food was in glop form and plopped onto our plate. Every glop was as dismally colored as the last. 
The tour was interesting for about 15 minutes at that point I was pretty bored listening but I was enjoying the views. 
More than a handful of people were asleep on the deck. For the money it cost it was not worth it.I really enjoyed the Sunday Brunch. Come early cuz boarding time was 11am and buffet was served right away. The music was awesome!!Came here on my birthday and it looked very promising. The problems were that it was very dull and boing even though the boat looked very antique and cool from the outside. Also, it had no protection from mosquitos. The views very good and was probably the only high point of this lackluster experienceFood was excellent! Bread Pudding didn't look so appetizing but I tried it and it was delicious. 
Gina, the host, was so lovely! 
The lunch added on to this tour is definitely worth the extra $10.00 for the open buffet! 
I was able to take some amazing pictures! Band at the end allowed for the children to dance and sit with them. 
Nice relaxing river cruise!My husband and I were seeking out some touristy things to do while on a long weekend trip to New Orleans, that didn't require a lot of walking or break the bank.  This fit the bill.  We booked a lunch cruise online and then used a coupon we found in some touristy materials at our hotel to get a $6 refund at location where you pick up the tickets.  The line to board is frustratingly slow, as they essentially force everyone to take a touristy picture that they'll later charge you $30 for.  No thank you.
We opted to eat right away, as to not miss any of the guided tour.  If I were to do it again, I think the better time to chow down is as soon as the boat makes a turn to come back.  There weren't as many sites to see on the way back and the tour narrator barely spoke during this leg.  The meal is buffet style, but you are served by the staff and get portions they determine.  Highlights were the fried chicken, mac n cheese, and bread pudding.  I could have done without the creamed spinach and dry jalapeno corn bread.  Unsweetened iced tea and water are included in the cost, as well as one cup of coffee or hot tea.  There were never any lines or a crowded dining room like I imagined there might be, which I found very pleasant.  
Now as far as the tour goes, the scenery is mostly the ship yard, tons of big boats, levees, the sugar factory, etc.  Nothing glamorous, but fairly interesting.  I just enjoyed riding down the river.  I'm glad we took a chance on the steamboat.Nice steamboat ride. I didn't opt for the food part the menu as it didn't look too enticing. There are other boats rides in the area but this seemed like one of the better ones. The total trip was up the river and then drifting back down. It was nice to see the other large boats as this was a heavily used waterway. The music was also great. Nice sounds of Jazz on the water waves is definitely nice. All in all its a nice thing to do once and that's it.You have to book a cruise on this boat. The staff was great, the food was decent. Sit on the left side and get the all you can drink ticket.The boat and atmosphere were lovely. I would skip the dinner. The food isn't that good and it takes away from time being spent out on the deck enjoying the river. Snacks and drinks are available for purchase so you don't have to get the dinner option. I would save room for dinner at a nice restaurant in the quarter. We enjoyed hearing the history of the boat as we went down the river. We would definitely take the trip again.We loved this experience! The staff was friendly and welcoming. The ride was nice. The first half of the trip we got some history on the throngs we were passing along the river. The second half we got to listen to live jazz. It was a nice compromise for my history buff friend and me the art/music nerd. The cocktails were also quite tasty and nice to enjoy as we say in the sun sailing along the Mississippi River. We are very glad we did this.Good place for a laid back lunch and cruising down the Mississippi River. If you buy tickets online, then you still have to go to the ticket booth to get actual tickets and to have your purchase validated. We arrived at 10:30 and the lines were forming for the 11:30 am cruise. Just find your happy place, the staff did not know where to direct people. The line moved twice and we got pushed back further. When you leave, it is a free for all to get off the boat. There was no staff around to direct people. The boat holds over 1200+ passengers there was only 1 way / 1 path to leave the ship. We had the early lunch so the food was fine.This was probably one of the most relaxing enjoyable boat tours. Gina defines the best southern hospitality. She should be crowned the queen of New Orleans. If you ever take this tour be sure to meet Gina you will be in good company. Although, the chicken was flavorless,their  jimbalaya rice and bread pudding were delicious.Cruise is good for the two hours. Cool way to relax and take a reprieve from stomping around the Quarter. 
However, it was very dull and boring even though the boat looked very antique and cool from the outside. I found myself wishing I did a swamp tour instead. Nothing much to see for the price you pay. I would rather do other tours.Absolute mess! Huge line to board. 20 minutes in the line, ready to board only to find out our printed tickets need to be exchanged for some other tickets at the booking office. Nowhere on the ticket or during the reservation process does it say the tickets need to be exchanged. So we leave the line to get the "new" tickets, only to find a crowd of angry customers standing in lines to the booking office. The system is down, and the tickets can't be printed! Some 20+ minutes later, a lot of back and forth with the captain, a company representative, and the crew- we are ones of the last passengers to board. Now on board there are no places for our party of 4- a random seat here or there but not even 2 seats together! Thank you Gray Line and Natchez Steamboat for spoiling our Easter weekend. 
I understand there can be technical difficulties, system down, printer not printing, etc but! You have to inform your customers in advance about ticket exchanges. You can't tell them they need to leave the line and go get new tickets when they are already boarding.
I don't care at this point the Natchez is the "only steamboat" in NOLA. The boat is overcrowded, we can't see much or even see each other as everybody is sitting separately. Didn't enjoy the trip.
Creole Queen is a smaller nicer boat that goes on a longer, more comprehensive trip along the river.
Do yourself a favor, make the right choice, folks!THIS IS A HUGE TOURIST TRAP! NOT WORTH IT! 
I went with my family and it was cool for the first 10 minutes then after that all 5 of us were bored. Which was just too bad because we still had an hour and forty minutes to go. So we all got up and walked around. We ended up getting a lot of snacks and drinks from the gift store and bar. 
Personally, I think there are far better and less expensive sights to see in NOLA. Don't waste your time and money on this! But if you decide to ignore my advice then do the following: 
1- sit on the left side of the boat. 
2- bring your own drinks and snacks (drinks must be unopened). 
3- bring some games or something to keep you entertained because you most likely will get bored. 
4- if it is a hot day bring a little fan or get a seat inside because it is still hot even on the water.This tour should be on everyones list of to do's if you are visiting NOLA. Informative, relaxing and enjoyable. The food was above standard. The jazz band was great!I saw some mixed reviews for this. My wife and I did the dinner cruise with the 7 pm dinner. Some posters complained about the food. I had prime rib, potatoes, and fettuccine. Was it 5 star mainland food for $35 a plate? No. Yet for buffet river cruise food I found it very good. We also got our own table because when we booked online it asked the occasion. We each got a glass of wine for free and a nice happy anniversary card.
A few negative reviews mentioned religious views? Have no idea why. Didn't hear religion mentioned at all.
The jazz band was great! Did they play three hours straight? No. Again who expects that? They played on and off about 10-15 songs and were fantastic.
The cruise itself was good. Good scenery and good narrator to some sights and history.
Never been to new Orleans? This cruise is a must.
P.s. trip tip....head to dock area an hour before and walk into French quarter....then have a drink on a nearby porch/outdoor area and relax before boarding.Unfortunately, this was really lame when it came to the food, the service and the product. The boat looked cheap and poorly put together when it came to the attempts to replicate the previous, historic Steamboat Natchez's. At dinner, once our server found out we weren't having any drinks besides water, it's like we didn't exist. The food was awful and 'dessert' was two bites of bread pudding. The captain who announced the sites along the way sounded less than excited to be there. The jazz band was great but the staff let a guest smoke as we departed the boat- thank goodness I don't have asthma. This experience was not worth the $120 for two. :(We did the night jazz cruise and loved the entire thing! We didn't do the dinner just the cruise so we got to sit right with the band and they were phenomenal! The Dukes of Dixieland! We bought their CD after the first set! The cruise takes you around to beautiful parts of the Mississippi. The signature drink, jazz punch is so yummy and reasonably priced. The boarding process was quick and we suggest getting in line early to get a good seat!On the morning of the 9th of December we had the opportunity to sail away on the Steamboat Natchez, one of only two operating steamboats in the world. After leaving the harbor which is really close to the French Quarter, we sailed east on the Mississippi River. The narrator on the speakers told stories about the boat and made historical remarks on the surroundings of New Orleans. I believe we went about half an hour southwest before turning around. The Natchez has plenty of space for seating on many different levels. On the lower level they offer food and I saw several traditional things to eat (I believe it's buffet style). On board they had a band performing live traditional music of New Orleans. The steamboat also has a souvenir shop. While sailing back and forth on the Mississippi River we had the opportunity to see several views of New Orleans, a battlefield from the 1800s and a sugar refinery.Tourist trap!!! Boarding took over an hour, so we hadn't 5 min. left to eat (yes, you have to eat in shifts). The food was not good at all, service likewise... Try to avoid this cruise.Not worth the price, in my opinion.  The weather was pretty bad and I think that made the experience a lot worst ,but it still was a boring time.  First time in New Orleans and I would not do that again, or recommend that cruise.  Overpriced and we didn't eat, except for our (2) $8 Hot chocolates that were made in front of us, using Swiss Miss and hot water, stirred with a spoon.  UNBELIEVABLE! Do not waste your money, there are far better things to do I am sure!Great service and history along the trip. You can take in your own water and snacks if you don't want to pay their prices while in there. Arrive early as a long line forms to get into the ship. They search all bags and it delays the line. They also pose you for a photo before coming in. Best recommendation is to sit on the left side of the boat since this is the main side for the narration. Highly recommended boat.I have never been on a steamboat before, and it was both my and my girlfriend's first time in New Orleans. Natchez seemed like a pretty cool experience to try out, so we made plans to take the night out onto the river and have a nice romantic night. 
The buffet was pretty good, I mean it is what you would expect from a buffet, you know? No one goes on a steamboat for the food. You go on a steamboat to enjoy the cool breeze and watch the sun go down as you tour the Mississippi River. 
The tour itself was quite informative and the band that came on during the cruise was very cool. There was one singer who impersonated Louis Armstrong, and he was dead on! I had a very nice time and enjoyed the points of interest while sitting on the deck of a steamboat while touring one of America's most important and historic sites.
If you have the time and you have nothing to do while you are in New Orleans, you have to check out the Natchez.I have never been on a steamboat, I was in town for 6 nights for I figured why not! Plenty of space, they made the engine room sound really amazing but I wasn't that impressed. Keep in mind maybe it's because I just didn't have an interest in the engine room. 
Find a good seat, most of the tour guides annoucements were based on the left side of the boat. So I would recommend sitting on the left side. I assume smoking is frowned upon on the upper levels, but on the lowest level I saw lots of people smoking if anyone was interested. 
I completely forgot that I get seasick or rather motion sick on boats. The boat was a very smooth ride! I was stupid enough to go on the lower deck and for some reason starred at the waves because something caught my eye. I wasn't able to enjoy the last 15-20 minutes of the ride but that's not your problem is it?