Stein's is, by far, one of my favorite sandwich joints in town. They have a fantastic selection of food as well as beverages that you won't know what to do with yourself when you first walk in. It can be a little overwhelming if you go at a busy time (like lunch), so make sure you don't let that turn you off. The staff is nice, but they're pretty no-nonsense. They want to get you your food as soon as possible without stinching on quality. That's partly what I like about it. They work like a well-oiled machine, but they're sorta laid back at the same time. 
My usual? The Sam sandwich with an Abita Root Beer. Pastrami, swiss, russian dressing, and cole slaw on rye (if you want it) bread served hot with a kosher pickle on the side. It's absolutely one of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever tasted. And that's just one sandwich on their list of deliciousness. There are a bunch more that you have to check out as well. It's a great deli with a cool atmosphere. And they're picnic tables outside, so you can enjoy the lovely Magazine Street while you eat. 
So get yourself to Stein's, pick your sandwich, and go talk to the funny little guy behind the register. You won't be disappointed.Everything is delicious! I recommend pre-ordering over the phone if you go around lunch time. This place gets busy but it's fantastic!Gooooooood frakin food! The sandwiches coming out of this place are nothing short of amazing. The Reuben is to die for. Came out pipping hot. Nearly melted my face off trying to eat it. If you are looking for something lighter, try the Italian Club. Prices are high but very much worth it.Stein's is great and honestly, i've only ever had a bagel there. They have the best bagels in the city, which isn't too hard to do in New Orleans, but they still rock. They are a touch more expensive than Artz, though. 
During the weekend, it's quite busy and can take up to 20 minutes to get your bagel, but worth the wait. I have yet to try a sandwich here, but look forward to the day I do.The only Philly Cheese in New Orleans that is the authentic Philly you get from Geno's in Philly. My northeast sandwich shop for sure.Best deli in New Orleans hands down.  The meats are imported from Italy.  Prices are good.  Had the Tuscan Panini today and it was wonderful.  Old time deli with a few grocery items.Love this place and stop in once or twice a week for their vegetarian sandwich on ciabatta with no cheese/no dairy. It never disappoints - the veggies are always super fresh and the bread is perfect. Easily one of the best delis and casual lunch spots in New Orleans.Maybe the sandwiches are good.  I made the mistake of ordimg a knish.  So awful I spit it out.Stein's is always an interesting experience. Maybe it's the smell of funk and pastrami in the air (although that's gotten better with the new hood)? Perhaps, it's that only 33% of the original floor tiles remain? Does it have anything to do with the eclectic mix of Jewish-Philly centric decorative items? 
I think the experience starts and ends with the enigma that is Dan Stein, but the sandwiches are good too. Do yourself a favor and always get seeded rye. Check out the back beer room too, it's managed by a local celebrity and member of the twitter-illuminati. I've already said too much.
Tips and more questions to ponder:
- don't show up during weekend mornings or weekday lunch unless you're comfortable with crowds (think packed train on a Mumbai summer)
- get coffee from Cherry, cappuccinos are nice 
- does Andre ever leave the deli?
- why does stein wear a batman watch?
- keep your eyes open, this place is popular with actors from the left coast.
- don't ask for Cantillion
- bring tribute 
- Cobb salad is a hidden winner for you paleo people
- why exactly did Dan leave Philly?Had the corned beef special - one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Would definitely stop by again (and I'm from out of state so it'd be a long drive)!Lehaim friends! If your here try the Loxes or the Reuben like any good yeladim would! Also, check out the top secret beer room in the back, just don't get caught sipping any or they'll kick your tookhes out on the streets!Been to Stein's 3 or 4 times over the years and went back again yesterday for some sandwiches.  We ordered the Dan and the Vegetarian. The Dan was a really good turkey sandwich with bacon and cheese. My daughter liked the vegetarian. The sandwiches are high quality and they don't skimp on the ingredients. 
Stein's receives five stars for longevity, value for the money and the great magazine street location. We'll be back.A great New York Deli a little pricey but well worth it. Kind of an eclectic atmosphere and sometimes you have to wait a while for the food.Service was quick. We had Reuben sandwiches and White Bean stew. The corned beef was seasoned well. The soup was very tasty. I hear it is also the best place in New Orleans to get beer.This is a must stop for me in the Irish Channel of New Orleans. Steins is legit! Amazing sandwiches with a funky, fun vibe.  I think Stein's holds up to any sandwich across the country!Best Reuben Sandwich I've ever had....Wish they had a larger dining area.One of the things people tell me when they visit NOLA that stick out to them is the general lack of customer service.   Everyone has that general, half ass could give a shit attitude.  As somebody who works in customer service, maybe I have higher expectations.  Dont get me wrong, the sandwiches arent bad.  Nothing amazing.  If this Deli was in any other city, you would never hear about it.  But its NOLA, and the Jewish Deli is a rarity here.  So Ive been in this place 4 times.  Each time I come in, I get the same beardy long haired kid whos helped me.  God he sucks.  He seems so generally uninterested in doing his job, that it bums me out.  He never makes eye contact,has general poo-face and hands me my change without even looking at me.  The minute he interacts with his fellow beardy tattooed co-workers, he comes alive, laughing joking, etc.  I dont have a problem with beardy tattooed dudes. Im one myself, but I DO have a problem with this guys attitude like hes doing ME a favor for taking my money for a sandwich that is ....fine.  Just fine.  To that beardy kid with the stick up his ass,  You may be in a rock band in your spare time, or an artist, when youre not at the deli, but when you are? Just be decent.Some have said the owner is rude but I couldn't disagree more.  He opened the store for me on a monday when they are normally closed and was really helpful showing me the impressive beer selection.I wish I could try every sandwich and have the bagel cream cheese and smoked salmon at least once a week. So good, still craving that soft bagel.Stein's is a good ol deli packed with treasures like pickles, candy, beer, and wine. Rugelach and pasta sitting on shelves calling out to be eaten.
Every Saturday and Sunday the place is packed with hungover (and just hungry) people of all ages standing in line to get roast beef, turkey clubs, or my favorite the egg and cheese bagel. 
The service is quick and to the point. What do you want, no smiles and no chitchat. There are long tables inside and outside so you can choose your seating or take your food home. 
I believe that while they have an extensive array of alcohol you cannot drink on the premises (which is weird because you can drink on the streets in our city).
Last time I was there they were out of everything but plain bagels and then messed up my order a bit but I don't even care because where else in New Orleans can you stumble in in pj's and get a bagel sandwich quick, cheap, and yummy?!Another great visit to Stein's. This is a must visit every time we come home to NOLA.  The Sam did not disappoint.  My husband had a bacon, egg, and cheese bagel and corned beef knish.  He was in heaven.  Purchased our first Stein's challah and cannot wait to try it.  Great food, great atmosphere!As a Philly native, I love the spirit of this place! The food is legit deli style fare. My boyfriend had an Italian hoagie (that's what a sub is called in Philly) and I had a delicious homemade soup with a huge pickle on the side. Love the little market they have as well. I picked up fair trade organic chocolate bars for a bargain. With so many great options to eat in or take out, you have to try this place!Best sandwich to graze my lips thus far in my years on this beautiful planet of ours.  Ordered BLT on pumpernickel, and it came toasted, heaven! My gal pal ordered a hot pastrami & Swiss on toasted rye. I had a bite and it was effing delish!  My greedy self wanted to order another for the drive back home. Regretting I didn't. Alas.....
If I'm EVER in New Orleans again, I'm heading right back to Steins.  
P.s. The decor was interesting, the service was awesome and the atmosphere a delight. Now a warning, DO NOT PARK in the private stalls of the delis shared parking lot. You will get towed! Enjoy!Not much on atmosphere but the food was excellent. We had the "Sam" which was hot pastrami, Swiss cheese and coleslaw with Russian Dressing in rye. It was delicious. We also had the muphuletta (their spelling) and that was also really good. Saw other people with various sandwiches as well as bagels with cream cheese and Lox. All looked great.Best Deli in Town!!!
It brings me back to Canters back home in LA.  The meats and breads are super fresh and you can tell a difference!!  Not the place you need to go if just visiting NOLA for a couple of days but it's worth it!!I just want to say this is what service is supposed to be like. Mike at the deli was extremely nice, professional and knew his deli meats. I had asked for Stein to put together an appetizer plate for a New Years party that I was attending on short notice and Mike and the staff nailed it. I can't wait to come back here. Thanks for all the help and tasty food. We def brought in the new year right.Dan and his crew are awesome in every way.  They always treat me like a king and I'm just some dude.  The food and cold cuts are outstanding.  The beer selection out back is awesome too.  Not really sure what else I can say.  Oh yeah.  I was walking home one night from a local bar and Dan offered me a ride home for no reason whatsoever.  Mensch.Oh god, I love Stein's. And in theory, I shouldn't because it has a lot of things that normally drive me nuts in other settings: long lines and nowhere convenient to wait for your food. But Stein's has such great sandwiches that I can excuse all that. Now that I live a few blocks away, I am happily within walking distance of Stein's. 
When I go to Steins, I mainly get the bagel with smoked salmon. I don't get to south Florida or New York often enough to satisfy my cravings for bagels that don't suck (coughEinstein'scough) so when the urge is overwhelming, to Stein's I go! 
One of these days I'll get something else (it's been a while since I had a reuben there). Plus, they have an awesome bottled beer selection, though I'm still totally confused about whether you're allowed to actually drink said beer on premises.Really liked Stein's. It has a nice busy vibe, the food is great. Finally found decent bagels in NOLA! 
Had a bagel plate with lox and cream cheese. Simple, delicious and easy. Next time I'll try the pastrami and matzo ball soup.
They also have an excellent looking deli case with meats to be cut, bagels to go and a small selection of gourmet food products. Now I know where to go to buy a 12 lb. jar of preserved lemons (for $30 which isn't a bad price for such a huge jar).Truly a reason for my continued existence. Their bagels are by far the best in New Orleans, and Dan Stein is a legend. He is archetypical grumpy deli owner, and I appreciate him in my bones. Their sandwiches are delightful, but again THE BAGELS. Also, their water in the front is the coldest in the region. I miss you, Dan.This is very cool and unique place right off Magazine Street next to the Donut Shop. It has a lot of Philadelphia inspired decor and theme, along with a tons of foods, drinks, and loads of canned and bottled beer selections that you can buy. The food was very very good. I ordered the Italian Sandwich and my wife ordered the smaller sized Philly Cheesesteak with provolone cheese, they tasted fresh and were really good, and filled us up.  This is a great local place that's a good spot to check out if you like unique sandwich shops with a variety of items.
(One note, it does get cramped inside as there is little space when crowded due to the display carts and shelves)Great Ruben and Italian!   Very authentic sub shop.   Highly recommend if your in the mood for a great sub or sandwich.I wouldn't call this place a New York deli by any means!!! how do you screw up a Ruben? not once, but TWICE? The place needs a better ventilation system! They need help with their customer service! and they need latex gloves when serving food! that's just the basics guys, come on! Gloves 
What's up with the Alcohol? You can buy it on premises but you can't consume it on premises? 
Better places to eat all up and down Magazine, save your time and money!I love this place. As soon as you walk in the smell hits you and you get hungry. I found this place by accident and absolutely love it. The dude at the counter can be kind of a dick but whatever, the food is legit. Kinda expensive though. 12 bucks for a small muff?!I'm from the East Coast originally, so Stein's feels just like the sorts of places that I grew up with. No, the owner who checks you out doesn't chat or smile. Yes, it's crazy busy and crowded at lunchtime. Yes, you really do have to wait 20 minutes for your sandwich. It's still one of my favorite lunch spots. The Foxy is superb, as well as their smoked salmon and Reubens. If you're craving great orange juice, they'll squeeze it for you by hand. The whole place is kind of a zoo, but in a comforting way rather than in a nasty way. You'll find yourself coming back over and over to try the whole menu!Great sandwiches, they're pretty quick with service awesome beer selection in the back. My boyfriend just tried it for the first time this week and he's been going every day since ha he's hooked! They also sell cool snacksPlace is cool.  I had a breakfast sandwich which was good. My husband had the SAM which was delicious!   Coffee was pretty good too. Definitely recommend this place.This is a Fantastic place to eat!!! The Racheal is one of my favorite sandwiches!!  Great beer selection "try the 3 Philosophers"Possibly the BEST beer selection in the city. They have everything. The sandwiches are well worth the money and the wait for gear food, either get the Rachel or the tongueDan asked me what kind of meat and sauces I was looking for, so I went on a whim and ordered his recommendation: "The Rachel". 20 minutes and a bottle of Mexican Coca-Cola later, and I've become a fan.delicious turkey sandwich would have had the corned beef but I was almost in a meat coma after being in NOLA for 4 days. Really funky very NO vibe, a little pricey  for a sandwich, but it was excellent.This one place I can guarantee that we will be visiting again when we come back into town. The food is  amazing! The way they treat their customers awesome! The beer room is even better we grabbed a few to bring back home.A funky- slightly dirty...Jewish and Italian deli that actually has really great sandwiches. The place is usually very crowded, and being that it's tiny and cramped it's definitely hard to maneuver (especially with food in your hands). They have a nice selection of drinks, both adult and kid friendly. Service is usually blunt and potentially rude, but it definitely suits the atmosphere. Thus far, the Ruben here is one of my favorites in the city. This is one of my reliable spots for a good sandwich in the city.Makes me hungry just typing bout it.
Stein's wins my award for Best Sandwich in New Orleans. I consistently order "The Heather"- a.k.a. "The Dan" con avocado, which is basically heaven on bread. The saddest day of my week in Monday, when they are closed. Where else can you enjoy an amazing sammie with an oversized jawbreaker? Simply fantastic candy selection.
If given the opportunity, definitely check out the beer class offered by owner Dan Stein. Great for groups and individuals, and although highly informative, I learned nothing due to my impressively low alcohol tolerance. If spring, go for an Abita Strawberry to sip along the way.
Not only is Stein's my favorite sandwich stop, it is a staple to local businesses in New Orleans. They provide wholesale services to restaurants and shops who are just starting out and cannot justify ordering from large distributors, helping them along the way. 
Congratulations, Steins Deli. Expect your trophy any day.As far as delis are concerned Stein's is the best in the city. As far as beer selection is concerned, Stein's is also in a class if it's own. Figure what you want before you get in line.Good sandwiches with good quality of foods. However it's expansive.
I don't remember the name of the one I took, but the one with tomato tastes like regular tomato salad from south of France. 
If you don't find any good vegetables except at whole foods go there and their sandwiches can be good substitute to remember your home country!!Delicious Pastrami.  
Just recently had a catering order with Deli Platter, Smoked Fish Platter , Garden Salad, Egg Salad and Chicken Salad.  All delicious, presentation wonderful.  I will use them again.   
Thanks for all your help!Best bagels in town! Authentic Jewish Deli in Nola! Crowded but worth it! Much better coffee than District next door! Love this place!I love this place for its New Orleans vibe and New York style deli Sammie's. Go with a big appetite because portions are uge (as my mom says) and not for the faint of heart. 
I also love their breakfast sandwiches - and most of all the fact that they have bialys. If you haven't had a bialy before, call a day ahead and order some. They are like a blend of an English muffin and a Bagel with onions and poppy seeds crammed in the middle (no hole, just a crevice).I have only ever had the bagels. I'm from NY and eventually need to get my hands on some bagels in a way I think only Ny bagel fiends can understand. 
My local friends told me this is so0o0 Ny and the best. Yeeeeaaaaaahhhhh, eh, the bagel was nothing to write home about but to be fair it is your best bet in Nola because I've looked everywhere. Service didn't leave me feeling warm or fuzzy.
Probably better off getting a sandwich though because everybody raves. Worth a try.Fan-friggin-tastic sandwiches! Customer service and cleanliness leave something to be desired, especially at the price you pay.Best bagels in all of New Orleans. I'm from New York so I can say that. Also the people who work there are incredibly pleasant and have a nice charm to them. Would definitely reccomend.Cute, small and homey old fashioned feel. Have never eaten inside just take out. Hear the sandwiches are good but haven't tried one yet.My favorite sandwich shop in New Orleans! I recommend this place to anyone but in particular to beer lovers. Can't consume at the location but great selection of 6 packs and singles.My home away from home. Dan and Andre are the best! The deli meat is amazing. My favorite sandwiches are the Italian Hogie and the Kelly. But, my all time favorite is "The Liz" - named after moi. It's an off the menu secret... ask for it and I promise you won't be disappointed.Dan and his crew are awesome in every way.  They always treat me like a king and I'm just some dude.  The food and cold cuts are outstanding.  The beer selection out back is awesome too.  Not really sure what else I can say.  Oh yeah.  I was walking home one night from a local bar and Dan offered me a ride home just because I was tipsy.  Mensch.After making a few trips here to get some of my fave West Coast beers, I finally had a chance to try a sandwich today and I was a very happy girl.
The Mumbler was ciabatta loaded with delicious, salty prosciutto, arugula and tallegio cheese, which had a nice brie like texture. At $10.99, it's a bit of a splurge, but I didn't feel cheated since they weren't skimpy with the meat. Pickle on the side was okay, but not the best.
They work quickly and no-nonsense and I appreciate the great selection of beer.Such an awesome place, their sandwiches are delicious!  I love prosciutto and have had almost all of their sandwiches with prosciutto and have yet to be disappointed. This is a must try, it does get busy but it's worth the wait!  The staff is really nice too!  If you're a fam of craft beer, they have a really good selection in their beer room.  Every time we're in New Orleans, we always make a stop to grab a sandwich for the road.Delicious and busy deli at all hours of the day. I had a Hot pastrami with Swiss cheese, grilled onions, and mustard on marble rye bread. It was recommended by the cashier as a first timer sandwich - and it did not disappoint! I enjoyed the sandwich in its entirety (and it was a HUGE sandwich) because the pastrami combination with the grilled onions was quite fantastic! 
It's definitely a unique stop, but make sure you are mentally ready for the wait. I waited at least 20 minutes for the sandwich, and usually the line to order is OUT THE DOOR. But again, it is very satisfying and I'll be back to try their breakfast items next time :)If you're looking for a New York style Deli in the heart of New Orleans you've found it. They serve what is probably the best Reuben in town along with plenty of other really good sandwiches. The place can get crowded especially around lunch hour. The atmosphere is strictly New York attitude meets NOLA laid back . The bagels are really really good also, and when you get them with cream cheese, the cheese comes already spread thick. They sell beer but you can't actually drink it there. Basically the beer is to go only.Being from new York I appreciate a good deli and this one is on point.  Had a bunch of friends visit through the years and they all felt the same. The bagels are very good.  Good coffee, free refills.  Incredible  beer selection also.  It's a very unique looking deli, definitely worth the wait in line.Went to Stein's last week based on the Ratebeer recommendation and scored a bunch of outstanding beers that are rarities or not distributed in CA. 
Dan et al were very helpful and I was so stoked on the beer selection that I forgot to get a sandwich. I'm looking forward to getting back to Stein's on my next trip to NOLA. Thanks, Guys!This place is the shit.
Everything I miss about NYC bundled up into one hip, dirty, crowded, rude, and delicious location.
The bagels alone are worth the wait. 
The most authentic you will find this side of the Mason Dixon line. 
Why?
Because they are par-cooked and shipped from NYC.
Not perfect but close enough to get me out of bed in the morning.
Sandwiches? 
Yeah, they got those.
An extensive list of stoner-esk flavor combinations.
They also have a weekly rotation of daily specials that are as equally charismatic as they are flavorful. 
Any spot that tips their hat to Wu-Tang with Pastrami gets my $$.
And that ain't nothing to F$CK with.
Beer?
Excellent collection but be warned: YOU CANT DRINK THEM THERE.
(but you can outside)
Beards and attitude?
Oh yeah, they got those too.
You better know what you want and how you want it or you're outta there.
A Jewish version of the Soup Nazi.
This place attracts an eclectic crowd in very large numbers. 
During peak hours, be prepared to wait up to thirty minutes for anything ordered.I loved this place.  I got a turkey sandwich that was so big I couldn't finish despite how hungry I was when I started.  Loved the atmosphere and their great selection of different beers.  I swear Magazine street restored my faith in the eating establishments in New Orleans.Stein's has phenomenal sandwiches. My girlfriend brought home a sandwich one day, but it became soggy on the way home cause of condensation. Regardless, it was so good we decided to swing in and eat it fresh out the deli. Best pastrami ever.
This place is by no means modern and hipster, I would call it more rustic/mature. But hey, can't judge a book by its cover cause these sandwiches are put together so well. They give you two types of pickles, one pickle is on the lighter side (which I love the flavor is super subtle), and the other is real heavy which is also great cause you can alternate pickles.
Definitely returning to Stein's. They have a beer room in the back too for those who like craft beers!I went to Stein's post-night out in NOLA searching for something to satisfy my hunger but not throw me into a feeding frenzy. The friend who met us suggested the Rachel "because it's the only sandwich that matters" at Steins. So I went with that, a bowl of Matzo Ball soup (because I'd never had it and have always wondered) and some fresh squeezed orange juice. Luckily the rest of the meal was better than the orange juice because it was awful, to put it frankly. It was more of an orange drank than OJ. 
The Rachel was delicious and everything I'd expect from a Jewish deli, juicy pastrami with tangy Russian dressing and crunchy sauerkraut and gooey melty cheese. Heating up the other half that night and crunching up that seeded rye was even better. 
The matzo ball soup was warm and soothing - the soft and pillowy matzo ball is what I want instead of noodles in my soup from now on. Seasoning was mild which is exactly what's needed after a night filled with chargrilled oysters, cake balls, and roasted garlic fries. 
Now for the real star of my visit, the condiment that I cannot stop thinking about, that I really want to duplicate  so I can eat daily. The honey nut cream cheese. Good lord. It's like butter and cream cheese had a baby and then named her honey and sprinkled her with cinnamon and sugar. Jesus was this shit delicious. I would eat bagels daily if I could have this cream cheese stocked in my frig in a never ending supply. 
Since I didn't get to go to their epic beer room on this visit, I'll definitely be back for that and some bagels and lox, with a vat of honey nut cream cheese to go.Great lunch there this week. Original corn beef and kraut was excellent. The beef was lean and sandwich over stuffed just like I like it! My only criticism was the seating and that we had to drink beer outside ...so didn't have my favorite brew. Typical of magazine Street restaurants the parking could be problematic depending on the time of day.  Highly recommend this deli and I will be back.4.5/5 stars. Very busy on a Sunday during the day - means it must be good! Lots of options and homemade options. I ordered the bagel and lox - would recommend. The muffalata is also a Nola classic! Had to try.
You must also check out their beer room out back! Lots of options. They've also got a nice little deli food selection for purchase. Air conditioning! Nice place to cool off to get some food.
We came in with four people and found a seat fairly quickly- before our food came.I had my first pastrami sandwich at katz deli in new york city. my palette instantly fell in love with this amazing sandwich.
returning home to new orleans, I tried a on of different delis/restaurants for a pastrami sandwich that came even close to katz deli. i am still searching. fail!
steins deli, however, does serve the best pastrami sandwiches in the city of new orleans. this will have to do until I visit new york again.The pastromi sandwhich is amazing and all of the funny signs and posters on the wall keep you busy while your waiting for your sandwhich for 3 hours.Tried the Rachel and it was very good.  Served with 2 pickle spears...perfect for the crunch and to help with the saltiness of the sandwich.  For $14.39 though, I expected more meat or a bag of chips included.  No frills, busy deli with tables and various grocery items.  Parking can be difficult.  Expect a wait (10+ minutes to pick up food).  Look forward to trying other items and would recommend to others.Ahhhh It is ok but the cost is too much for what you get on average.  This is certainly nowhere like the size of a sandwich you get at a real New York Deli like Katz's.  They make ok sandwiches but they always leave me hungry and it takes about two to fill me up.  They do have many items that are hard or impossible to find at other locations in New Orleans.  Steins also has a very nice selection of cheeses and beer.  They also have some interesting events.  Usually not my first choice when I'm in the mood for a sandwich but it is pretty near my house so it is good for a quick fix.Never disappointed, my FAV deli!  The Lox bagel is so good.  This place is one of the reasons I miss Nola!!The deli is small, so you may want to get your order to go.  I felt rushed to order, but I was searching for a menu to make my selection. I ended up getting the Italian hoagie.  It was pretty good, but i still swear by the gambino sandwich at Cochon's Butcher.  Stein's has a great selection of drinks, and deli items.  I would definitely keep them in mind for holiday party trays.Stein's is the only legit deli in town and as a Northerner, I was so happy to find it.  I highly suggest the TCM sandwich (turkey, avocado, swiss, tomato, lettuce and add honey mustard) or the bagel with lox (get the large order! comes with shaved thin red onion, capers, tomato.)
my only gripe is that because it is the only deli in town, everything is $2 more than it should be.  sometimes I want to say, guys I'm from New York come on....Stein's rocks. The bagels are great. I love the bagel cream cheese red onion and lox sandwich. Also, the Dan (honey turkey, bacon, swiss, lettuce, tomato with mustard and mayo) is AMAZING. Any of their sandwiches are good for breakfast, lunch, or dinner because they are so hearty.
I do have to say though, the service isn't the nicest and tends to be a little slow because of the long lines (especially on weekends), but as long as you go in there knowing that you won't be treated like a king, this place is great.Bad service, but a pretty good sandwich. They're trying to imitate a New York deli like Katz where their workers are surly and give you hell for not knowing exactly what you want when you walk through the door. The difference is Katz is jam packed and it's understandable. Steins doesn't have to be like that so the bad attitude is very gimicky and 100% unnecessary.Stein's. Every time I go in here I think "...what IS this place?!" Amazing LEGIT bagels and lox. Top notch coffee from a rotating roaster program. Insane beer selection with cutting edge beer trends (who else has multiple styles of Berliner weisse? Or Oude Krieks? Norman ciders?). This place is my Mecca.I finally made a visit to Stein Deli and talk about a great sandwich. I went with a TCM, which is turkey, avocado, and swiss on wheat. The sandwich was overflowing with goodness and left me full even after lunch. It was so fresh and just tasty. I also like the feel of the New York Style deli here in NOLA.Is a sandwich worth $11? Why, yes! Turns out it is! After sadly shuffling away when the doors were locked on a Monday (note to everyone: lots of places are closed in New Orleans on Mondays) I came back on Wednesday for a GIANT Reuben-esque pastrami sandwich called The Rachel. Due to certain activities the night before, I wasn't feeling terribly well, and at first I was disgruntled by the hot, cramped atmosphere of the deli (tables jammed together, people tripping over one another). Then I sat down with a cup of self-serve coffee, my bountiful sandwich, some Dirty chips and a Vitamin Water and sent prayers of joy and thanks to the food gods for sending Stein's to New Orleans. Next time I will help myself to their tantalizing selection of meats, cheeses and other delicacies to take home to Mid City.Stein's is a nice mix of deli with tables, good deli meats to buy and lots of micro beers and little gourmet food items.
They make great sandwiches and it makes a great place to buy beers and ciders.  
The owner also seems like a good guy and is ready to help out when he can.Best place to get a bagel and specialty cream cheese. The sun-dried or over-dried tomatoe is the best! The tuna salad always tastes fresh and is quite good. Some of the sandwiches are a little pricey but there are deals to be found...the egg, cheese on a bagel sandwhich is one, the blt or do like me and get some egg or tuna salad to go to eat with crackers at home. The place often gets a line out the door on weekends around 11am/ lunch time so be prepared. 
Know what you want before you get to the front of the line, have yor money handy and order quick and you'll be fine ;)A hole in the wall, and it seems that this is the way they want to remain, but their sandwiches are to die for, spectacular.... absolutely spectacular. 
This place has one of the largest, or the largest best selection of beers of the city, and when I have to impress someone with the cold cuts and cheeses selections I bring my marble and they make the selection, always perfect.I truly enjoyed the prosciutto and fresh mozzerella sandwich.  The bread was fresh and the balsamic vinegar was a tasty touch.  Nice selection of meats and cheeses.
The atmosphere is that of a busy market with cold cases containing a very nice selection of cold beer.
My only real complaint is a menu board that is obscured by a pane of plexiglass that makes it very difficult to read.BLUF:  Most go sandwich shop.  Out of this world.
There are not many deli's in New Orleans.  This is an awesome place to go if you dont want a poboy.  Be prepaired to stand in line.  Go to the coolers and backroom first and get a stellar beer you have never heard of and drink it in line.  
I got a super reuben (or something named like that) on marble rye and it was unbelievable.  Pretty quick considering all the people that are there.  Kinda hard to find a seat so dont go with many people.  
Really really awesome place.  I go back again and again to try it all.Easiest review ever. I've been to Stein's about 100 times. Every single thing they make is bad ass. I swear they could make a fart taste good. Great beer selection too!
First timers, get the Reuben. If you're up early, come here for breffases!!!Yep, the Veggie sandwich, though not vegan (which I'm not, BTW), was tasty I appreciate the unexpected use of artichoke hearts.
 It was well put together (with chunky ingredients like the aforementioned artichoke hearts & avocado, if not prepped right, the insides slide right out of the bread) and tasted good, albeit a tad on the dry side (i'll ask for a little more mayo next time).
I found the service very similar to what I've experienced in the typical NY deli; you got know what you're doing and don't waste either my or your time. I knew what to expect and was pleased.
Thumbs up.Quick and delicious breakfast here this morning! I ordered a basic egg and cheese on a garlic bagel. The sandwich was huge and filling. The garlic bagel is so flavorful and full of minced garlic on top. It's a lot of garlic, which is not a problem for me, but heads up if you only want a mild flavor. My husband got a basic everything bagel with cream cheese and said it was good. 
They only have drip coffee to order at the counter, but there's a separate barista in the restaurant who can make espresso drinks. Everyone was super friendly!One of my most favorite places for a tasty & affordable sandwiches. They have their own parking which is really great for the area. I particularly recommend the tongue sandwich. I'm a vegetarian but everyone there raves about it. The vegetarian sandwich is great too :).  The owner is a very nice guy.Cant say enough good about this place. From the funny signs telling the hippies to calm down, because now they have Kombucha to the oversized sandwiches and great beers, youll come back every time youre in New Orleans.  
Standing in lines, cafeteria style tables with funky local magazines. Locals flow in and out, so thats always comforting to me  Tight space filled with anything and everything  Old school and cool  Try it and youll love itGet the Fernando! The pancetta and fresh pesto is a killer combination. The bread was warm, crispy and super soft as if it had just come out of the oven. The Muffaletta is also pretty dang good. The olive spread they use is very flavorful. Overall, the sandwiches here rivaled those I had from fresh delis in Florence, Italy. Absolutely amazing!One of the best sandwiches place in town.
I had a kelly sandwich--sliced apple with uncooked dry ham(mind blowing) which i think has been marinated with a little alcohol. I never had uncooked ham before, and having a 'first' with ingredients is unusual for an Asian, if it says something. 
Besides the sandwich, the homemade pickles are great too. 
I had their meatball soup once. Not something too special.
Their coffee is freshly brewed as well. 
Speaking of their coffee, once a friend ordered iced coffee from them and asked for less ice. They actually said no to that, saying that more coffee requires higher charge--if that gives you an idea of how service is like there.The food, the people, the layout, the environment, it just all works! If you know me personally, you know I love me a good sandwich. Rachel icon rye is my favorite. Can't get enough pastrami and sauerkraut. The layout is community style so expect to make new friends. The environment reminds me of an east coast deli which I'm in love with. Lastly, come here and enjoy yourself. Bring a friend and meet new friends.Love this place. No nonsense, great food.. and a great beer selection. I haven't had their breakfast besides their reg bagels + cream cheese.. but their sandwiches are pretty darn amazing. Lots of great deli meats, hot or cold.. and you can get lots of snacks (learned about Tasteycakes from my boyfriend which they sell here!) to go as well. 
It's never too crowded.. I've always found a place to sit down (even if you do squeeze in between 2 groups.. just make friends!) and enjoy a giant sandwich.
They're closed on Mondays, btw!Stumbled into this gem. Bursting at the seams with locals who love a good sandwich. Both our sandwiches were perfect. Cherry coffee stand inside was also awesome. Felt right at home.God I love this place... the sandwich industry Is a hard one to really make you remember the taste like a great kiss. Steins hands down is one of those kisses...and I fantasize about it all the time lol. But seriously every part of their sandwiches are the best option they can get and all others pale in comparison to steins not including Po boys. Their beer selection is top notch as well.Always a must go to every time I'm in New Orleans. Great sandwiches, bagels/Jewish deli. Also a great beer selection in the back room. Haven't had anything bad from this place.Dan Stein's Matzo Ball soup is awesome and was a hit last night at a non traditional Seder. The kids asked for seconds and thirds and the grown ups raved about the Xim and Spring salads.  Thanks for helping me make a memory with my first Seder.Ok.   I built this place up cause previously when ever i went the place was closed and because of the reputation.  However the sandwiches were just ok.  I am not alone in this my mother-in-law got a totally different sandwich and she felt the same way!   
The cheese on my sandwich was too smokey making everything bitter.   I won't crave a sandwich from here but I will try it again later. The beer selection was cool and different..  SPECIAL NOTE:  you can buy beer there but you can not drink it there, at least that is what I was told. 
As a health inspector:  the back door was open allowing flies to enter, there was a layer of grease and dust on the merchandise, one worker was digging in his shoes while working.  
Plus side;  the kitchen staff was sanitizing their area between tasks and despite the hairy male staff I did not get a hair in my sandwich.This place is the traditional Jewish deli. Just like something you would find up in NY. They have H&H Bagels! Yes, the same delicious bagels you get in NY. That is what originally got me to stop by one morning. I just love H&H.
I also have been here for lunch. I had the Ruben and my girlfriend had the Pastrami on Rye. Both were very good. There was a little too much fat on the pastrami so next time I would get it lean. But both were very tasty. 
They also have a huge selection of imported beer. The only stipulation is that the beer cannot be consumed on the property. Gotta get it to go!I just randomly walked in off the street after finding most of the restaurants in the area either closed or on a limited brunch menu on a Sunday at lunchtime. Stein's was open and, to say the least, hoppin'. I think I ended up waiting about 30 minutes total (line to order then to pick up) and there were zero seats. People were sort of making do with what they had as far as the seating went, mostly just standing around idly and looking at the coolers of beer because it is such a small place that there is just no where else to stand.
I got the reuben. I wandered around a bit and looked at the beer. Very, very good selection. I was tempted to pick up a couple while I was there, just because you don't see a lot of it in other places. The big hook with all of the alcohol they sell is that you cannot drink it there because they're not licensed. Yep, pretty cool...
My reuben ended up running, as I recall, about $11.50. I get reubens all the time, and the most I've paid for one was $10 at a place in Seattle. That was probably the best reuben I'd ever had. This one: meh. I mean, it was very good with excellent meat, bread, kraut and other toppings. But an $11.50 reuben? Not so much. On the plus side, it did fill me up and I wasn't hungry again until the evening.
So for all of the bullshit with the waiting, no where to stand let alone sit and the relatively exorbitant prices, I wouldn't come back here and wouldn't recommend the place.This is a real gem. They've got excellent bagels and sandwiches, plus a few practical grocery items (beer!) and deli meats in bulk. Watch out, they get busy on weekends so phone in ahead if you are busy.
The food is incredible, and even when the line is long, the service is efficient. The menu is a little packed, and on a board behind the counter, so scrutinize it carefully, there are a lot of good choices there!
If you like smoked salmon, go ahead and order it by the pound, it is well worth it.
There is a little coffee counter separate from the deli in front which makes as good a cup as you can get most places in New Orleans (a city with very good coffee, mind you).My husband and I come here almost daily and we are always made to feel welcome. The owner, Dan, always remembers our order and the cashier remembers our names and is cool. It gets annoyingly busy at lunch, so if you're in a rush maybe try to go earlier. The prices are great, the food is really damn good. The beer room is a great addition and it's fun to look in there and pick up some local beer (or any kind, really). Cherry coffee has a bar set up in the front and they serve the BEST coffee (until 1pm).Not only do they have great food (like the Fernando and the matzo ball soup) but they have a great selection of beverages and pantry items. 
Tons of different pop, kombucha, wine and beer (no boozing on property) selections as well as flavored oils, bitters, candy and treats make it fun just to come in and look around.
The waits can get pretty long around lunch time (around 15/20) but if you have the time to spare it's great. 
Order food along the side of the deli cases, pay at the counter, then circle back to wait for your name to be called if you got a to-go order. 
I've been there before when they ran out of matzo ball soup and the owner offered to call me when it was ready if I wanted to come back for it. He also gave me some advil after I revealed I was attempting to cure an epic hangover, which was super nice of him.  
Haven't been for breakfast yet but I love that they open early and plan to try it out soon.My friend insisted we come here and I didn't really understand the hype, it's a sandwich/bagel place.
Especially as I'm from New York City, where I can get all the great deli sandwiches and bagels I want. BUT, it was phenomenal. The Corned Beef Special was delicious. My friend got the Roast Beef Special and then got another to take back home for lunch the next day. It was seriously that good. I also tried the potato/spinach/feta knish, which if you're used to New York deli knishes, is not what you'd expect, but it was great, too, but very small, like bite-size small.Simply the BEST RUBEN EVER!!!! 6-STARS
Yes it's crowded. That's ok the Reuben was delicious
Yes the staff are a little brusque. But he helped me when I asked Ruben/Rachel/or the Wednesday special super Nyc style Ruben. I still choose the stock Ruben
Yes it's a long wait. (:30min on a Wednesday)But that ruben was delicious. 
So bottom line. Get a very authentic Ruben and enjoy the people watching. Stay positive it will help keep the blues away. And make time to share with friends !!The sandwiches we got were both really good. There was a long line and the place was pretty crowded. It took about 15 min to get a sandwich but we did arrive during peak lunch hours. Would've been nicer if we could have snatched a seat outside but no luck :( the woman selling coffee on the side of the shop was really nice! I recommend going at least once to try the sandwiches. The ambience is very fun despite it being crowded.The only genuine Jewish deli I know of in New Orleans and therefore a total winner in my book. And by book I mean mouth. There are a few options for veggie sandwiches, which are consistently tasty, and my omnivorous friends assure me the meat options are good as well. Plus, you get two pickles with every sandwich - TWO PICKLES, guys! This is big news.
I don't know anyone who doesn't love this place. Last time I was there, the mayor stopped in for a to-go order. He did totally cut in line, but this was when all that house arrest drama was going down, so I guess he was in a hurry.
Oh, and don't forget that in the time it takes for your sandwich to be made, you can pop next door to District Donuts and get some dessert. Just sayin'.I had high expectations from all the positive reviews, but the not-so-friendly attitude I got from the guy behind the counter along with the unwelcoming environment was enough to really make me think again before coming back. I ended up getting the Rachel and it was good, but not mind blowing in my opinion.love this place! and its walking distance from home.  whoop whoop. my favorite day is sunday because boy do i lovameataballa. just delicious! oh and the pastrami sandwich (the rachel, i believe) is sinful - in the best kind of way.I love bagels. I'm originally from the northeast where people would give their right arms for a delicious bagel, pizza, or (in my town) pierogies. I was hesitant to try a southern bagel shop at first but when our previous lunch plans fell through, we gave it a shot. 
The atmosphere of Stein's is super laid back. Big communal tables, the menu written on the wall...things that I like to see in a deli-type atmosphere. I ordered an everything bagel (my absolute fave) and chive cream cheese. It was all I could've asked for in that moment. So good. The boyfriend got The Dan sandwich and also thoroughly enjoyed. 
I will definitely return when my bagel cravings return. I'm also looking forward to trying their sandwiches..all of which sounded yummy.I love muffulettas. This place has a terrible one. 
Fun decor and nice people though.Of course we were going to come to Stein's being that it was basically the only place to buy good beer in the entire state of Louisiana.  Unfortunately, I was really not hungry when we stopped in so I couldn't eat a sandwich to myself.  The BF got the hot corned beef special and it was REALLY good corned beef.  My friend got a Kelly (Prosciutto, Delice de Bourgogne, Apple on Ciabatta).  The prosciutto was fatty and the apply was sliced deli meat thin and added a subtle sweetness with a bit of tart and just the right amount of crunch.  Everything was really good and I wish that I had more of an appetite since I wanted to try the Robért (Imported Prosciutto, House-Made Fresh Mozzarella, Aged Balsamic Vinegar on Ciabatta)
One thing that should be mentioned, the beer that is on sale is not for onsite consumption.  You have to take it to go.I would put this place in one of the top 5 delis I've ever been to and delis are some of my favorite establishments to frequent.  There were about 7 to 10 different sandwiches I wanted to try.
I really liked the seamless fusion of an Italian style deli with a traditional Jewish deli. 
Staff was extremely friendly and efficient.  Even with a 20 deep line when we entered we got our sandwiches quickly and exactly like we ordered them.
Beer selection is intense.It seems they are always in pissy mood here (the employees)- but I deal with it because it's my favorite place to get a either salmon cream cheese bagel or a salmon-flavored cream cheese bagel.  The latter is pretty cheap, and it's not just "flavored"... they actually put a good helping of chopped salmon into that.  It's like, my favorite thing to get at any time.  With capers . 
They've got a great menu, and the atmosphere is subjective.  I dig it. It's worth the lines and attitudes.I was sooooooo happy to find this place. Late afternoon and was really trying hard to find something gluten free within walking distance. These guys were just about to close and they made me a phenomenal made to order gluten free sandwich that was really high quality and they didn't say anything about the fact that I ran through the door just as they were about to close. Thank you Dan and the rest of the staff - really appreciated the quality of food and service.Went for a bagel and cream cheese. If you've ever lived in NY then you know better. I wasn't a fan of the runny cream cheese they had here, (i prefer fluffed style) and the bagels were just ok. 
I did like the seating and the fact that you are literally eating in a deli. 
Coffee - meh. But hey, I did see that there was a ton of foods, meats and dried packaged pastas that I didn't try so this review is based on the bagels and coffee.If this is a four star Deli I'm afraid to eat at three or, God forbid, two star. The $13.00 pastrami sandwich was trims from a burned piece of pastrami - how does pastrami get burned?  Potato salad was without flavor. Frankly, I would not send anyone. Inferior and then some. Avoid this place!Super tasty. If you're looking for a good sandwich get it here. Reminiscent of a good jewish/east coast deli.In a city full of po'boys, Steins has your sandwich cravings covered.  Bless the cold cut and bread variety.  Their collection of sandwiches are exactly what an east coast transplant wants and needs in their life.  Just the thought of the Foxy sandwich (roast beef, cheddar and avocado) makes me want to drop everything, get in my car and go devour one right now. I could say the same for the Italian sub as well. Actually you need to drop everything and go there right now, because that what I'm about to do and maybe I'll see you there. 
If you're a vegetarian it's ok they cater to you as well.first badass thing about Stein's is that it is around the corner from our house.  we walked there in nothing flat. like, i bet we could hold our breath and run there without taking another breath if that was possible to do (is that possible?).
second and most importantly for folks who are not us or staying with us - those sandwiches are BOOM delicious.  we got a ruben and fernando and they were both out of control tasty.  awesome bread. awesome meats. favorite deli ever for sure. on sunday the special is meatball sub. this sunday we will have meatball subs in our mouths.
third thing - look at all those beers!  a globe spanning selection of specialty beers and exciting non-beer beverages.  WE LOVE BEVERAGES.  one time we went to central market and spent $100 on just beverages as a joke. it filled the refrigerator with nothing but drinks. WE ARE TEMPTED TO DO THE SAME AT STEIN'S!!!I have been living in New Orleans for a couple years now and I have been absolutely craving that Jewish-Deli style sandwich. That type of sandwich with meat piled wider than a mouth can bite between two pieces of bread. The plus on this sandwich was the bread was toasted!
I have found the deli sandwich I have been craving for years in New Orleans at Stein's Market. Just an FYI as well, I made it out to the beer room while I was here and they have a great indie brewery beers here, most of which I haven't seen available in Louisiana. If you're a beer lover, I recommend Stein's as well.The sandwiches and bagels are so damn good. Pickles come with every sandwich and those are delicious too.
They also carry Dr. Brown's soda!
Wait can be a little long though at times because it is so popular. But Stein's has a great atmosphere and the food is well worth the wait.This is the kind of place where you want to put in the time and become a regular.
Sure, you might hear people complain about being dealt with in a surly manner at Stein's. And sure, sometimes you might yourself feel like you've offended someone horribly.
But keep in mind that the rag-tag pirate crew of Stein's churns through a mind-boggling number of sandwiches every day, keeping up a level of quality control that is beyond anything else I've found in town. They're also managing gigantic catering orders for private events and office lunches all in the cramped confines of their laser-focused prep-line. 
But know this: if you're a regular, the crew at Stein's will remember you in an uncommonly sweet way. They'll learn your name and your order and they will reward you for your loyalty in ways that I won't give away here. There are a few signs around the shop that rag on tourists and basically joke about serving regulars first. It's not that Stein hates visitors, though. It's that he loves his regulars.
I'd give you recommendations, but everything's good. They've got the best Reuben in town. They've got the best vegetarian sandwich in town. I've had nearly all of the named sandwiches, and I've never disliked one. They've got the best craft beer selection in town [for take-out, not drink-in, but keep an eye out for special drinking events that happen once a quarter or so]. 
Recently, they opened an in-house coffee pop-up that serves astoundingly good [but a little expensive] coffee.Try the Meat and Cheese tray. It was Awesome.
BLT bagel with avocado. Out of this world.
I want to go back.Solid all around deli. 
For being so popular, they were fairly fast and the wait was well worth the reward. Food covers all your East coast deli needs in one place and doesn't seem to falter on any of the standbys. 
Don't expect anything fancy, actually, expect a punk-rock deli that makes amazing staples. Bring an appetite for Reubens, corned beef, bagels and lox, etc. and you'll be happy.My goal in life is to get Dan to like me. Dan if your reading this, I swear I'm cool!Just had the veggie sandwich! One of the best I've had!!! And the pickles on the side were actually crunchy... Excited to go back and try another one of their gazillion sandwich choices!Stein's is the bain of my existence.  I moved nearby two years ago and every time I try to be healthy it mockingly calls to me and says no - you should have an overstuffed delicious deli sandwich instead of that bowl of romaine lettuce.  I have tried to cut down but I can't cut it out entirely.  My favorites are the the toungle (special or old fart), the rachael, the roast beef, and the bagel with lox if I'm so inclined.  The beer selection is absurd and there is an entire room out back if the coolers are not enough for you.  The prices are a little high for sandwiches but the quality makes it easily worth it for me.  Also of note - Stein's has the endorsement of my mother, a New York jew and by natural extension - an official deli critic.A stop every morning I am in New Orleans. Bagels are the best I have had outside of NYC. Go see Dan. Coffee is great as well. If you want a NY traditional Jewish deli look no more.Stein's is the king of deli's in New Orleans. From the great quality meat and cheese, to the always fresh bread and wonderful drink selections, they sell beer too, and to the great service, Dan and his crew always put together a great lunch or breakfast or early dinner.
Best place in town for a Reuben. Anywhere else and its like going to New Jersey for a poboy.
Do yourself a favor, go get a Reuben today!!Best coffee in New Orleans and quite possibly--ever. I absolutely love everything about this place, particularly because it has a unique vibe that is unlike the rest of the city. Interior decor is great and Ive always recieved friendly service from the staff.Adhere to your hours listed, we set aside a time to come when your hours show you are open and of course, you are closed!Wow! Double Wow, this place is beer paradise! Lots of hard to find Belgian's, De Struise, Lambics, as well as Stillwater, sours from the Haandbryggeriet brewery in Norway, De Molen from the NL, just great stuff at very reasonable prices. Just wish I had not come by on a Monday as the deli (food) was not available, but I saw enough to know this place is the real deal. I'll be back for a nosh next time I'm in town. Cheers!Absolutely delicious, I'm in love! We came for lunch and gawked at their menu; Everything sounded so amazing, it was hard to choose. I'm pretty sure we swallowed our sandwiches whole, it was that good. They have some interesting items for sale as well, like pastas, oil & vinegar, coffee, weird candy I haven't seen in years, and more. Can't wait to come back!I know I live in New Orleans and there is a boiling pot of different foods to have, but this is my favorite restaurant in the whole city. Whenever I try a different sandwich shop, I feel weird. Nothing can top Dan Stein's creations. My usual order is a Rachel on seeded rye, however I have tried basically the whole menu and never had a bad sandwich. Also, the bagels are super cheap and some of the best in the city. Some may say that Dan has a "bad attitude" or claim that the staff is "rude," but it all adds to the experience. Nothing will ever turn me away from this glorious deli that forever changed my life (I'm not being dramatic).I'm a regular at Stein's and though I was previously gung ho ape shit about it it seems to have cooled off a little bit for me.  I will preface this by saying that I've never eaten breakfast there, as being in NYC for a lot of my life has made me allergic to bagels down here.
My favorite sandwich here is the dan + avocado or the SAF-cucumber.  That's usually my favorite combination anywhere and is done very well here.  Another really nice sandwich is the robert, and as someone mentioned the veggie is good too.  If hungry, try the veggie with turkey!
The problem with their lunch lies in the pastrami and corned beef.  While I miss my native DC and NY deli's, steins has largely filled that void besides the jewish deli meats here which are of okay quality but not very good sandwiches.  Not sure what the disconnect but these are not good sandwiches.  Corned beef was too cold, quite dry, and not at all worth the $10 without chips or a drink.  
The prices here are generally high but it is a premium for what they provide as a product in a city so greatly lacking it.  I still come here, because it's mostly good, but would not go if it were dropped in the northeast anywhere.  One thing that I can speak volumes of here, however, is their extensive beer selection and also tasting classes--which are awesome and a good value.  The beer in the store ain't cheap, but some great selections.Somewhat pricey, but dee-lish. Corned. Beef. Special. TRY IT!
Awesome grocery, drink, side, candy, toy selections as well. The best deli in town, by far. SO glad they exist.I'm from NY so of course I had to check this place out. They have some NY deli staples but menu is lacking a lot of the hot deli items you find at your corner NY deli (no chicken parm, really?) Its a cold cut heavy menu. Theres a variety of specialty items imported from NY as well. Parking in the back is great.After living in NOLA for 2 years I finally made it to Stein's and I must say I was not let down.   I ordered the Fernando and the prosciutto just melts in your mouth.  Couple that with fresh pesto, mozzarella  and ciabatta bread and I'm in sandwich heaven.  There menu is just loaded with creative sandwiches and I will be back to try a few more.  This is a great little deli and I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone.   The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of its priciness.  I will never be happy paying more than $10 for just a sandwich, no matter how good.  However, I can get over that and you should too, at least once.The Robert. Oh my gosh. 
Run to Stein's right now and buy The Robert. That is, if you like prosciutto, fresh house-made mozzarella, and balsamic sauce/dressing. 
They have many, many other delicious sandwiches too, including some yummy veggie options. 
Sandwich price averages around $10 but it's a huge sandwich, loaded up with fresh meats and cheeses. 
They also have a pretty kick-ass selection of beers and other beverages.I can't believe I have been living here 2 years without ever eating here until now!  As a Philly native I was so happy to get an Italian hoagie from here, I have been craving a good, true, deli sandwich since my last visit home and this cured that!  The fact that it was on an Amoroso roll was just icing on the cake!  Also, I'll gladly pay those prices to have those rolls flown in!  They also have Herrs and Utz chips, It was such a nice surprise!  I will be back, on a Thursday, so I can try their roast pork sandwich!My favorite place in NOLA ate there 5 times in two weeks. Great beer selection. Great music. Everything they make is insane. My favorite is the Italian hoagie. Unless you go on Philly cheesesteak day then get that. The dudes that work there are really cool and if they're not busy they'll have a conversation with you. The pastrami is excellent. They make their own gardinera that you can buy on its own. I'd give more stars if I could. I'd work there for free sandwiches no lie. Go eat thereStein's is my favorite place to go on Saturdays. They have amazing bagels, good coffee, and their Chicago Italian Beef sandwiches are the best. The service is good (not friendly, but good). They know their stuff over there! Not to be forgotten are their specialty cream cheeses. My personal favorites are their veggie cream cheese and their honey nut. 
I've had their beef tongue sandwich (which if you've never tried beef tongue before, try it here) and chopped liver (also, something else I had never tried until going to Stein's -also very good). 
I highly recommend this place! Great sandwiches, bagels, and specialty items!Can't believe that I haven't heard of this place in the 3 years I've lived in this city. Shout out to my friend who suggested it. The beauty of Magazine street and this city is finding hidden gems like this one.  I love a good sandwich. In fact, I"m a sandwich snob. So I was very pleased to find a place that lives up to my expectations. Stein's probably compares to a good deli sandwich place you'd find in New York City. (They also have great bagels and spreads!). 
This seems to be a place that is always busy, especially around lunch time. I love the market feel they have going on. There was definitively some interesting things on racks and shelves when I walked in that I want to check out again the next time I come back. I got their Italian hoagie but all their sandwiches looked good and I'm sure you really can't go wrong with any of them.Simple and amazing! Steins is an awesome old school deli. When you walk in you're in a grocery store with a couple tables and a huge chalkboard menu with all their unique sandwiches. My favorite is the Robert which is prosciutto, tomatoes, balsamic and white mozzarella. I've also tried the Fernando which is the same sandwich except no tomatoes, and instead of balsamic it has pesto. Their sandwiches are so simple but really don't need anything else! They put LOTS of meat and give you a little wrapped pickle and that's it. I could eat here every day.Walked in here and felt like I was in a New York deli. Cool place, cool vibe, and delicious food. I had the turkey pesto sandwich and my friend had the Reuben. The Reuben was out of this world delicious! Will definitely be back!This is the only thing that slightly resembles a Jewish delicatessen in Orleans Parish. Dan Stein does a really good job at making this look and feel authentic including his New York personality even though he is from Philadelphia. (I know Dan so I can say that.) They've been open for a number of years now and do a great job with deli sandwiches as well as becoming a great little gourmet deli grocery store. Located on Magazine Street in the heart of great shopping and great food this place stands out. Anticipate long lines during the lunch rush as well as on the weekends. I think they do a great Rachel, Reuben, and Italian  sandwich and overall think it's a great spot!!
It get's the 5 not because it's the best deli in American but it's probably the best deli in the state of Louisiana!This is a must go to deli in New Orleans. They have the best gourmet sandwiches and selection of cheeses, meats and hard-to-find beers. I highly recommend the Rachel sandwich and the tuscan panini. The Cuban sandwich special on Friday is also a must. You won't be disappointed!In the heart of the Garden District, this industrial specialty market is a CANNOT MISS. We came for the unbeatable selection of craft beer in "the back" and always stay for food. The bagels are incredible. I personally always get an everything bagel with jalepeno cream cheese and lox while my husband keeps it simple- plain with plain. Our kids now request Steins over Café Du Monde. Skip the tourist traps and come get amazing food with super cool ambiance. Don't forget to order a fresh squeezed OJ! There are always really cool people in there to talk to and the staff are very accommodating. "Welcome to Steins. What the fuck do you want?"A smiley and jolly staff for the win! The owner is the sweetest! 
Hands down the MOST CONSISTENT place in Nola. We probably eat here AT LEAST once a week, and they are right on EVERY SINGLE TIME. We've tried almost every sandwich and have ZERO complaints with anything from the menu. Even the La Croix tastes better from here! Awesome Deli and excellent beer selection. Keep it up Stein's!The pastrami sandwich is sooooooo delicious and the service is great.  Very personable people behind the counter & good prices.  Nice beer selection for take out.  I loved it so much I ate lunch here twice while on a 5 day stay.  If you're in the EZ looking for some killer sandwiches, STOP HERE!!There's no need to be a jerk to look like a New Yorker. Maybe the person who runs this place took Seinfield's "Soup Nazi" too seriously. Otherwise, the food is decent, yet overpriced.Finally got me some deliciousness from Stein's. I had been here once before for a Hush Supper Club way back when. So when I was trying to figure out where to grab lunch today, I thought of this place.
I looked at the menu at my desk before getting there so I knew what I wanted. I ordered the S.A.F. with Provolone. I waited for my order, got my sandwich, and had to drive back to work. I was so hungry as I was driving and thought many times about taking a bite or two of the sandwich before I got to my destination. But I thought that might be a little too messy.
Well, good thing I waited because it probably would have been a mess. I got to my desk and unwrapped the sandwich. It was a good sized sandwich with lots of turkey. Not enough bacon for my taste though! I love the turkey-bacon-avocado combination so I undoubtedly enjoyed this sandwich.
I do agree with some reviewers that it's a little pricey but not outrageously so. I am not super crazy about the place but I will probably be back.Great food and awesome craft beer selection for this area. Highly recommend checking them out.Ok this place is rough and unique as it gets.  Sandwich is like nothing on earth.  The pastrami and Reuben just well incredible. Then lots of beers to choose from.  They even have a back room with lots of beers. 
The staff are eccentric and have New York shortness.  But still helpful.  The smell of this place is amazing.love this place.  over the top selection of beers, and sandwiches...  I've never been disappointed, and I bring lots of tourists here.  they always walk away with a smile.  I haven't ventured too much, I seem to have found a sandwich that I'm addicted to.  The owner is always super nice, and I've even done the beer tasting here.  THAT was big fun, served up with all kinds of meats and cheeses.   If changing the taste of new orleans beer choices is his aim?  he wins....  Thanks Dan... for bringing some good brew and good food to hungry and thirsty new orleanians!So much potential! I was excited to try this place based on the great reviews. I loved their selection of drinks and chips. We ordered to go and unfortunately when we got to our hotel, we realized they had given us the wrong sandwich. That was super disappointing. They'd given us a Philly cheesesteak instead. It was totally soggy and nothing special, but admittedly nothing I'd ever normally order. 
I was a little perturbed by the general rushed attitude at the counter (and the sign with the guy flipping people off saying he doesn't care), and then having our order incorrect. It's hard to allow much grace for mistakes when that's the attitude.New Yorker by birth so I know delis, like my whole life already. Reuben and all the variations are delish. Gotta have cream soda with it sometimes and boom - they got choices. The bacon, egg and cheese is a great way to start the day too. I'm not sure about the coffee pop up counter, never tried. Atmosphere is traditional deli plus lots of local events and posters give the place local flavor. It's crowded and busy (lots of times) so be ready to order when you get to the counter, be patient while waiting. Staring at staff won't make your food arrive quicker. Not your warm and fuzzy staff - clearly working hard though.Wanted to like Stein's.  Went there one rainy day only to be verbally abused by the supposed darling of the establishment.
The food good, the service deplorable.
When I brought my complaint to the owner via phone and I referenced the service as not very New Orleans, he said and I quote "New Orleans ends at my front door."
Do you want to spend your money in an establishment that not only brushes aside a 'the customer is right' philosophy but also trashes localism?  I don't.Mmm. House made foccacia that crumbled as I sank my teeth into a turkey pesto sandwich? Sure,  I'd do that again.Amazing sandwich place. Go here at least once a week. One of the guys making the sandwiches has an awful attitude though. Definitely going to take a break from this place because of him.The best non poboy sandwich in New Orleans by far, the only place that is on the same tier is Cochon Butcher.
Try the rachel, it is incredible! The beer selection is nuts too.My increasing addiction to Stein's has become a problem.... a serious problem involving delicious bacon and sandwiches to die for. Living down the street from Stein's and Tracey's means all of my New Orleans sandwich needs have been taken care of. 
One Star - Excellent selection of sandwiches. If you want classic, New York deli style sandwiches in New Orleans this is the place to go. 
Two Stars - Equally amazing beer selection. I went to school in Ann Arbor, MI - home of Jolly Pumpkin beer. You cannot even find this beer outside of Ann Arbor, but somehow Stein's has it. Simply, amazing. 
Three Stars - Quick service. Perfect for providing that sandwich you need quickly. 
Four Stars - BLT. I know this is the lamest sandwich in the world to desire, but there is something about the ciabatta bread and the Nueske bacon that makes this something I cannot deal without. 
Minus One Star - I appreciate the vintage feeling of Stein's, but I wish they had more seating and outdoor seating.This neighborhood gem has become increasingly popular since it was written up in the Lagniappe section a couple of months ago. This 'market and deli' makes tasty sandwiches - reubens, BLTs, lox on H&H bagels , paninis - that are priced just about right. 
I have had several of the sandwiches as I make my way down the menu and have loved everything so far. They don't do traditional N.O. style po-boys (except for the muffaletta), but I would highly recommend this joint for the Reuben or the BLT. They also sell some hard to find food items, like prosciutto and Spanish ham. 
A good place to grab a bite, though I would call ahead and order first if venturing over there around lunch time when they tend to get packed!My rating here is based on the service, and honestly I thought about dropping it another full star. Just not impressed with how rude they are to customers, but maybe that is supposed to be part of the "charm." The way the space is set up is a bit cramped, and even though I'm sure it's not, always seems to be dark and dirty. I've been numerous times over the past five years or so, and that always seems to be the experience. 
That being said, they have great food, and one of the best craft beer selections for sale in the area. Keep in mind you can't consume beverages on-site though, they are only for sale. They have really delicious bagels and cream cheese, so would suggest that. Definitely try to go at a non-peak time of day, so you don't have to experience the atmosphere for too long.This place is rough around the edges and the staff have that NY attitude, but that gives the place character and the food is outstanding.  I have been eating bagels and lox my whole life and the bagels and lox here were outstanding!  My wife loved her eggs and bagel too.  The fresh squeezed orange juice is fantastic.  The saurkraut was good.  The cole slaw was a little bland.  You will sit communally at some of the tables.  I wish the place had some good desserts.  The food is definitely going to bring us back.Let's talk about sandwiches. Sandwiches and I are cool. I'd invite them to my party, however I wouldn't be disappointed if they didn't show up. I walked in to Stein's with butterflies in my stomach, very nervous kind of like I was on a first date. Was I dressed appropriately? How does my hair look? Anyway, the guy at the counter was pretty awesome as well as the waiter. I can, however, see where Elaine M may have gotten the snobby vibe from. I think I won him over with my girlish charm though. He even gave me a free bag of chips because it was my first time. I wish I'd have gotten his name but all I know is he had a "I love Intercourse (beer)" shirt on. Now lets talk about the sandwich itself. I think it came out to be about $11 and some change but OH MY GOSH was it worth it. Do they sprinkle Jesus tears and everything else dreams are made of on those things? Okay, maybe I'm overreacting but really I'm not. I'm no sandwich connoisseur but never will I ever again be satisfied by a  Subway sandwich. Thanks for ruining my $5 footlong game Steins. I'm not complaining though. I'd gladly fork over the cash for this sandwich any day.  I had The Rachel which is hot pastrami, swiss and sauerkraut on rye with Russian Dressing. I brought it to work and was bombarded by my manager who had died and gone to heaven after having a bite. The last time I had a food epiphany like this was over a year ago after making a roasted chicken during my stint in culinary school. Great experience, great food.Had the best iced coffee of my life here today. This place was recommended to us out of towners by a local shopkeeper.  We had bagels and breakfast sandwiches. These were fresh and tasty- nice variety of cream cheese blends for the bagels.  The place was clearly a neighborhood place.  If this were our neighborhood, I'd be going back for that iced coffee every day.We fell in love with this place immediately, the sandwiches, salads and the homemade salads are so fresh and delicious.  Every time I went I had to have the lox and bagel for breakfast, I so miss having a deli like this. Fabulous job on keeping the deli alive.Best Bagels in New Orleans-for sure!! Everything Bagel-scooped out, toasted with butter! Sad the little coffee shop is gone! THey had the best coffee!Went here and got the corned beef special!! Yum yum. They are very busy and the line was pretty long. Worth the wait though. Not a very big area to dine in if that's what you would like to do. They also sell many authentic New York grocery items.It's cramped and you might have to sit next to a perfect stranger!  I love that aspect.
Quality ingredients, overstuffed sammiches, pickles on the side and wonderful tattooed men to take your order.  I find myself often craving Stein's.  I can eat 1/2 a sandwich and save the other 1/2 for dinner or lunch the next day.  Oh, you were craving that special bagel and cream cheese from your home back in the Northeast, dey got dat!  They are the truest deli the NO has.  They have canned and bottled drinks for days in one of their many coolers.  
Thanks for always making perfect sandwiches that keep me coming back for more.  I appreciate that.  As a sidenote, parking can be a royal *****.  They have a parking lot but often it is not navigable with all the Magazine St. ebb and flow.  I'll take a side street/ parallel park job over the front of store chaos any day.There are countless places like this in NO and they are all consistently amazing.  The sandwiches are a little small here in comparison to Central Grocery or VM in the Quarter, but they are still delicious.  Big ups for the cream soda.  They had a brewing demonstration going on in the back, which was fun to poke my head into while waiting for my sandwich.  Lots of good beer to be had here.We ventured here on a local tip from our coffee truck barista... it's their usual hangout during the lunch hours. Thus is a convenient store and deli turned into awesomeness on a plate. This place reminded me of a Jewish New York style deli. I was able to create my own sandwich with a few suggestions from Dan, he was the guy taking our orders. He was telling us that we were luck to be there on a slow day because normally it's pretty busy in there.
It was so good that I had to order another sandwich to go!We stopped in prior to going to the airport and heading home.
Their beef tongue and chopped liver sandwich is worth paying the airfare and visiting New Orleans again just for this sandwich.  I think I talked about it for over a month.Great sandwiches here...at least the two that I have had.  I have dreams about the Tuscan Panini.  $13 is a little steep, to my way of thinking, for a sandwich.  What is this, a movie theater?  Also, the sandwiches could be a little bigger.
Also, I couldn't help but notice that the cashier simply did not return my coin change of about seventy-three cents.  I would have said something, but would have felt a little bit like George Costanza:
"He's getting rich, Jerry!  Twenty-five cents at a time!"Just had the Reuben, amazing flavors, tender meat, so filling.It took longer than it should have for me to find this place, but better late than never.  Great ruben on seeded rye, the best half dills in New Orleans and all the Dr. Browns you can swill.  This is the only place in the city that sells Taylor ham and scrapple too.  This place tastes like home.Its about time I updated my review since I have been here a couple of time since my last review two years ago. This is one of my favorite sandwich spots featuring excellent pastrami, corned beef and east coast style sandwiches. I have tried the rachel, reuben and the sam since my last visit. The rachel is a reuben that has pastrami instead of just plain corned beef while the sam is a reuben with cole slaw instead of sauerkraut. All of them are great. I add on a kosher dill pickle, Philadelphia's own Kerr's salt and vinegar chips and top it off with a black and white cookie. "Look to the cookie my friends." They also feature great jewish favorites like knishes, bagels, and even babkas.I love sandwiches!!! Especially ones where most of the ingredients are made in house! I can't get enough of Stein's. I have never gotten a sandwich that I didn't like here. The sandwiches are priced higher than typically, but the quality of the meats here are just fantastic. My personal favorite is the Sam sandwich. This savory pastrami sandwich is just oozing with flavor. I've also had the Tuscan Panini, the Philly (daily special), and taken a nibble of my friend's TCM - all tasty. Their matzah ball soup is pretty good too. It comes piping hot with chunks of chicken and vegetables. In addition to their great selection of sandwiches, they also have a huge variety of beers and sodas. You can't drink the beer here, but you can always grab one to go. I always grab a Boyle's creme soda, and it's the perfect accompaniment for any sandwich. If you're a lover of sandwiches, you have to check out Stein's.People forever shit on Stein's for the rude and sarcastic workers, but honestly, that's the only reason I go. I don't want your hep, I don't care about your day, and I sure as hell don't want to know about your favorite sandwich. I want to order my food, eat in silence, and enjoy the fact that it's a mutual understanding.
Every single sandwich on the menu is amazing (the Kelly would be my favorite) and the beer selection is well curated. And best of all, it's kosher. They even have kombucha to satisfy the Tulane biddies.
I just ate an entire bag of chocolate rugelach and I'm not apologizing for it.
PS- Andre- the Kevita sucks, it's flavored club sodaMy taste of where I grew when while on vacation. Not only only was the Lox and Bagel spot on, but the smells were pure Philly. And get this, the owner lived 3 streets away from me in the 80s. Only wished there were latkes on the menu at Hannukah. Don't miss it.Whether you are a Jew looking for some food of your people, or a gentile in need of a good sandwich/bagel, this is the best place in New Orleans. Sure the owner is a dick, but that's what makes this place fun. If you are writing a bad review and complaining about "rudeness" or poor customer service you completely missed the point. Grow a thick skin and eat some good food5, 5, 5, 5, 5 stars all around. Love this place. You walk in and you are immediately ready to eat. It's a true deli, various choices of pickles, kick ass sandwiches, bagels, I'm getting hungry right now just thinking about all the good stuff. Oh and fresh oj, gotta love that. 
The tables are strewn with newspapers, you sit where you want, chat with  a stranger, it's the way breakfast should be.I'm an old Jewish man from New Jersey. Well, not that old that I have a daughter at Tulane and am able to navigate Postmates. 
My daughter is under the weather and needs some Matzoh Ball soup. Delivered by Postmates in less than an hour, still hot; delicious (not as good as mine, but that's not a manageable expectation), and the VERY kind souls @ Stein's even added the "get well" note that I requested. 
If there was a 6 Star review, I'd give Stein's a 10. Thanks, Fellahs. Good job representing. Jersey respects you.Stein's is my little oasis of Philadelphia, my little Phils paradise, my little Jewish deli. It's like being back in Queens Village, listening to a waiter yell at me because he counted the change wrong and wants it back. Ah, good times. 
It's not a soft-and-cuddly shop, nor it is a traditional New Orleans shop. Stein's is an "other place" sort of eatery. The communal seating, the constant bustle, the crisp staff...it's reminiscent of Reading Terminal Market. Except in New Orleans, of course. 
I bike down for breakfast (to go, of course) or lunch at the counter. Bagels are my main crush here, with Tastykakes and Phils gear soon after. My wife thinks the kombucha case is hilarious and always giggles about the "explody drinks." 
Stein's belongs in my New Orleans, because it's a perfect piece of my past wrapped with my present to make for a very happy future. Nostalgia and hugs for everyone! (With a bagel. Always with a bagel.) 
Accessibility notes: Narrow door opens in. Store is crowded for customers with mobility devices. No braille menu or signage. Can get loud. Step up into store.AMAZING sandwiches. Perfect place to grab a sandwich for lunch and love every bite. Great beer selection, funny signs, great atmosphere. I don't recommend staying to eat there around lunch any day or any time on the weekends, very crowded. Yes, they are often rude A**holes, but its part of the charm of the place. They aren't going to suck up to you, they are going to make you a good sandwich and leave you alone.Absolutely amazing! I'm addicted to the Foxy and The Rachel, but they start with awesome meat so every sandwich is bound to be awesome... Super rare roast beef and yummy pastrami. Great selection of bitters, pastas and gourmet treats, tons of juice, soda, and beer options... This is my favorite lunch spot in New Orleans.The staff can be a bit particular, and the prices aren't low, but the food is delicious. The drink selection is also outstanding. Furthermore, save the Kosher Kajun deli out in Metairie, this is the only place in the area to serve New York Deli Style food.Best non-poboy sandwich shop in Nola, Stein's is one of the most authentic Jewish-style delis I've come across in the South. Great selection of meats and cheeses, sandwiches done well, fantastic little craft beer selection as well as a variety of packaged food products you can't find many places.This is the best deli in New Orleans , period. Fresh and quality products, all the specials fantastic one better than the other , mine is the Fernando and the Wednesday special , the thick hand cut Pastrami , yum !!
Beside the all the specials their salads , soups and chalah !! Im telling you it's all so good !!
Dan the owner is an asshole  , and that make this place even better , don't leave New Orleans without trying it. 
Portions are abundant and prices are right.
EnjoyThe first time I tried to eat at Stein's was a sunny Saturday afternoon. The place was packed and the queue was out the door. I saw a guy walk past me; his skin was as gray as his hair. I hadn't seen skin like that since I lived in NYC. It was Tony Bourdain. I gave up trying to eat there that day and headed home deflated.
Fast forward to last week. Breakfast at Stein's is a quieter, and certainly easier time to try one of the best sandwiches in town. I went for the Stolzfus: egg & pastrami with tomato on an everything bagel. I was delighted by every bite. Their coffee could use a little work, but I was too enraptured by the sandwich to care.Loved my breakfast bagel here....so darn great i have a new favorite breakfast spot.  Thanks!!!!Absolutely delicious. I had the Rachel for lunch and I can't wait to go back and have it again.  The pastrami was piping hot and melt in your mouth good. A friend and I went for lunch during the work week and there was a line and a small crowd.  We didn't wait in line for more than 10 minutes and our food came quickly. We found ourselves a table and chowed down.The place was packed and I ended up smelling like the kitchen, but my sammich was well made and the selection was good.  The layout is a bit confusing and my experience with NY Delis has mostly been in the Catskills rather than in the city, but I think Stein's does compare.  
Now I need to head back and peruse the groceries when it's not packed to the gills.Stein's is an exciting place to visit. Oogling over the meat and cheese is a must; it's like going into a trance. The trance ends when you are overwhelmed by Stein's ginormous sandwich menu. 
I thought the sandwiches were priced a bit high, but then I tasted some of the freshest deli meat and cheese I've ever had. I went with the "Kelly:" Imported Prosciutto, Delices de Bourgogne, and Apple on Ciabatta. Yum Yum and Yum! The Prosciutto almost seemed to be slapping me it's taste was so strong and delicious. 
Despite loving the sandwich, I'd be inclined to roam around elsewhere for a sandwich before returning here. Keep an eye out for their signage when waiting for your sandwich--pretty amusing.BAGELS. Stein's and Laurel Street Bakery are the only places I've found to get real bagels in NOLA.  These might be the best bagels, and what's even better is that they have a lot of bagel options. There is a egg, cheese and tomato sandwich that comes on a bagel that is like $4 or something cheap like that.  It's really good and totally a bargain. My fav is the bagel and lox.  These are also the best lox I've had in New Orleans, nice flavor, great texture. You can get a half or whole portion of lox, and the portions are huge. I love the stuff, but I can only handle the half portion.  They take credit, but you get a piece of candy if you pay with cash.The bagels are great here, but that is all I have had so far. The only negative I can think of is that it is a bit pricey.Amazing deli for sandwiches or bagels. Too many choices but you can't go wrong with any of them. Egg salad was some of the best I've had and the meat sammys are amazing! Plus impressive selection of natural sodas, kombucha, and more. Can't wait to go back and try another sandwich!