Presentation blew me away!! Food was great too! My boyfriend said he left hungry, but I definitely didn't. Everything was amazing. I'd recommend the sorbets for dessert.Despite the name, Stella is not traditional New Orleans cuisine. It is more of a gourmet experience with New Orleans overtones. 
My wife and I had the risotto appetizer (extraordinary), fish and chips (deconstructed and put back together by a gourmet wizard), and lamb like no other I've ever had. For dessert we split a bananas foster French toast which was excellent. Our friends had some funky egg appetizer which my friend wasn't happy with, duck five ways and the fish and chips. They had another appetizer and dessert that I can't remember. 
The araucana egg appetizer had some other kind of egg, not the blue egg that was supposed to come with it. In response to my friend's email, the owner said they had goofed up and apologized but didn't offer any sort of accommodation. 
The ambience was nice but not overwhelming. The tables were far enough apart that we could talk. 
Yes, the service is pretentious. Veddy pretentious. But I'd get a big head too if I were serving food this good. And they advised me not to wear a coat and tie when I called to make the reservation. Nor did the officious waitress flinch when we ordered beer instead of wine.I could not have chosen a better restaurant with which to end my culinary journey through New Orleans.  The service is exceptionally attentive and give you the sense you are the only table in the room (there are no more than 10, though).  The food is creative and made from the finest ingredients.  
From beginning to end, we could not have been disappointed.  The biscuits were warm and made me want seconds, thirds, and more.  It was only the promise of such good things to come that kept me away from that third.  The menu changes very frequently, so unfortunately you may not be able to share these wonderful courses.  I started with the carrots-done-7-ways appetizer and was thrilled with the creativity and insight that went into creating so many bites.  Carrot as a sorbet, a gelee, and a foam all on one plate fascinated me.  But I was saving up for more to come: the lobster.  I'm finishing this review a month later and still remember the decadence of each buttery bite.  I do not expect to find a rival entree for many fine restaurants to come.  Full on the extravagant courses, I skipped dessert, but my companions were very pleased with their choices- even the grilled cheese!  But we walked out with a few bonbons to help make our way back to the hotel and stave us over until the morning.
As I've made it known on my page, I have been traveling regularly to New Orleans for business over the last several months and dined at many fine restaurants.  I've had many wonderful meals and delightful experiences, but Stella! has by far shown brighter than the rest.One of the best dining experiences I have had.  We did a tasting menu with pairings.  The pace was great, the pairings were perfect, and the food was fantastic.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.Stunningly conceived and executed, Stella! elevates New Orleans cuisine far beyond any other restaurant in the city.
First time in NOLA. Wanted to experience all the wonderful New Orleans food that I had been hearing about for decades. And I did, with mixed results. Don't get me wrong, I loved most everything. But my general impression was, ok, that was all right. Nothing hit me. Nothing said, OMG. Then came Stella! and the OMG was back! Fiercely back! Every dish was thoughtfully and artfully conceived, lavishly orchestrated, proudly presented with reverence, a true sensory delight to behold and to savor. And savor I did! I decided on the Chef's tasting menu, a seven course exploration into the history and creativity of chef/owner Scott Boswell, whom I believe will usher in the next generation of extraordinary dining to a city long on reputation, but at times short on delivery.
After just one spoonful of the first course, the roasted potato and black truffle puree with Applewood smoked bacon, fingerling potatoes and caviar creme fraiche, I looked up at my wife and slowly smiled. I knew I was finally in a restaurant that charged my imagination and would artfully deliver on the promise of the New Orleans cuisine I had so hoped to experience.
How could you not be delighted with the presentation of a hard boiled egg shell filled with Canadian lobster, North Shore farm egg and American paddlefish caviar? The taste delighted and tantalized.
It went on and on, and I wanted it to go on and on. Each dish, a small treasure, delivered in a very big way. The menu was detailed, imaginative and enticing, fulfilling the promise and the reverence for southern Louisiana cuisine. I was delighted to learn that Chef Boswell grew up in Louisiana, and wasn't an import with an agenda.
The service was attentive, joyful, informative, without being cloying. 
I can hardly wait to come back to New Orleans, just so that I can try every dish on the menu. I'm that excited about this place.
Hands down, the finest dining experience in the city.This was fabulous. Service was classy & professional without being intrusive. We decided not to go with the prix fixe, and ordered a la carte. I had the oysters, ate them in the order the server recommended. Delicious - last one had wasabi, nice kick at the end. My partner had sweetbreads which were also very good. I am not familiar with this, but I did taste it and have to say it was pretty pretty pretty good.
For entrees,  I had red snapper with fried oysters, on a bed of jambayla rissotto. My partner had the drumfish which I never had - fabulous. A local fish. Superb.
I wasn't sure about going, and not happy about the $50 charge per person if you cxl less than 24 hours, but this should be on your list if you can afford it.
The tables that ordered the prix fixe, service was literally choreographed like a ballet.Well done!Stella is an upscale place with a quaint, soothing interior fitting of a fine restaurant.  Heavy curtains and neutral colors present a dignified air about the place.
I had a seven course tasting menu.  Each course seemed better than the last.  All were extremely creative and tasty, with combinations of flavors that I had not experienced.   The beef really stood out from the rest of the courses a bit.  The entire service required three hours.  A la carte ordering is also possible.
The service and presentation was highly professional, but a touch snobbish.  There definitely seemed to be an awarness of the more important guests by the staff.  The staff seemed disinterested at times.  The chef (Scott) was great.  After the evening began to grow late, he graciously went to each table and spoke to guests as if they were old friends and listened to customer comments and questions.
Stella requires reservations and is expensive.  I gave it four stars next to other very expensive restaurants with multi-course tasting menus.  (not to be compared to the four stars I would give to Chick-Fil-A for their fast service and chicken strips).We went here with high expectations for a spectacular meal but were very disappointed. The service was not up to par for a high end restaurant, the food was decent but not what I would expect. We usually go to fairly high end restaurants and saved Stella for the last day of our trip to New Orleans. There definitely was an air of arrogance given off by much of the staff while we were there. Our experience there almost makes us not want to go here again, but given the rave reviews people gave the place, we are willing to give it another try and hope that we have a different experience. 
Visited October 2012This restaurant is divine.  I've had the experience twice before moving away from New Orleans and may I say it is well worth spending the money.  The evening was heavenly, for every bite was like a symphony.  The staff is knowledgeable and fun.  The final time my husband and I ate there we did the tasting with the wine pairing and really it was superb ~ thank youThis restaurant is amazing!  My husband and I went to this restaurant not knowing what to expect.  We just wanted to eat somewhere close to our hotel after a 6-hour drive.  We were blown away by the food, the service (this is a dressy restaurant, and we were wearing casual clothes crumpled after our long drive - our server was unperturbed) and the incredible desserts!  Try the grilled cheese dessert - it was unexpected and truly delicious.Never made it to the restaurant to eat but had to share my negative experience with the reservations clerk. My husband and I were in New Orleans for our honeymoon and based on the food reviews I had booked Stella weeks in advance. The day of our reservation we took a swamp tour and realized we wouldn't make it back to the hotel to change into appropriate dinner attire. Being conscientious, I called Stella to cancel, fully realizing I would be charged the $50 deposit. My beef is that the girl who took my cancellation call was incredibly snotty to me. I have read other reviews that also allude to the pretentiousness of Stella. I have to say that after my brief experience, I am quite glad that I cancelled! Try Emeril's instead. They treated us with class and the food was excellent.I have to admit this was not my favorite resturant in New Orleans. If you are not a fan of bizaar food, small portions and very exspensive food then trust me this is not the place for you! We came to this resturant on a suggestion from a family friend (I may de-friend this person now LOL) and were not impressed at all. The service was amazing until the end of the night when our bill totaling 1300 dollars yes thats right 1300 for 6 people and 4 glasses of wine, that would be 216 dollars a person. (Crazy) The gratuidy is included and when we didn's add an additional tip the mater'd proceded to be rude and when a member of our party tripped out the door his comment was "Justice for low tippers), he had no idea another person in our party was standing right behind him. I will not be coming back here and if I were you I would find another resturant that is amazing because there are truly some good ones in New Orlens!The food was excellent but this is definitely not a place to go to if you are hungry.  In true tasting menu fashion the plates were small enough and spread out enough to leave you hungry for more!  **Beware the Korean Barbecue option is an additional $100I had semi high expectations for Stella.  We had been have a hard time finding delicious food in the area (we tried August/Luke/Bayona) but had heard amazing things about Stella.  I'm defiantly not okay with their use of shark fin's but I was willing to overlook that in hopes for a knock -your socks- off meal. 
First of all, the other reviews are correct in that the service is a bit stuffy.  However, the service wasn't good either.  My friend and I were starving when we arrived for our 9pm reservation and she asked for some bread.  The server said it was on its way.  Dumb di dumb time passes by.  She asks again.  Same response. Dumb  di dumb.  We had questions about the wine and chatted up the assistant sommelier.  Apparently she was busy because she took forever to get back to use with tastes.  Finally, she returned and I just blind ordered a bottle because at that point, we needed a drink.  As she was pouring I told her my friend still needed that bread.  She responded that the bread service comes out after your drinks. Umm.  I don't care what's customary, she asked for bread three times before receiving it...just give her the bread, you know?  Whats the big deal.  I'll tell you the big deal.  We were sitting there with no wine and no bread for one hour.  Yes, you read that right. One hour.
  When a server finally got around to us, we ordered the squash soup, crab/avacado salad and the lobster risotto.  The soup was simply amazing with shaved chocolate on top. Divine.  The crab salad was also delicious.  The risotto, however, was undercooked and defiantly a dish to steer clear of.  The reviews rave about it so perhaps it was an off night.  My friend had the beef for an entree...again something to stay clear off.  The meat had little taste and absolutely no sear on it.  The veggies were blah.  My duck entree tasted like salt and hoisin sauce. Period.  The foie gras dumplings were the only tasty item on that dish.  The servers felt bad for our troubles and agreed to switch the duck for the venison dish.  This was much much better...the meat was well cooked and sauce, however very heavy, complimented the dish well.  Again with the veggies...BLAH.  All in all it was a good $25 dish...too bad they charge $47 for it.
The service, the food, the attitude was meh.  Perhaps I would go again for that squash soup and salad but not for a full meal.Stella ruined our New Years Eve in New Orleans!!!  Terrible phone staff was incorrect about the preset menu pricing. First we were told they need my credit card for the cancellation policy and that we could pay cash. It wasn't until the confirmation call informed us it was a preset menu and my card was being billed for $175. I asked if that was for the two of us total and she said YES. I asked if it included gratuity and she said YES. Once the bill came it was automatically charged for $175 per person and a added 20% gratuity was applied in addition. This was 3x more than I was quoted. The food was terrible and staff was unorganized bringing us dishes we had just finished. I was furious when my bill came. Thanks for the terrible experience Stella!!!The best foie gras i have had in a long time...the beet salad was like eating candy...so yummy!
The lamb chop and veal sirloin melted in our mouth....
It was fun to see the white gloves go on, even kind of funny!
Service was great and the atmosphere was cozy. 
We will go back every time we visit New Orleans!Spent 11 nights eating out in New Orleans, and this was the best overall experience.  Everything from the Margarita to the tasting menu to the service could not have been better.  The decor is comfortable and pleasant.  It's a short walk from the hub of the French Quarter.  I rate Stella as a top 100 in the world kind of restaurant.  You won't be disappointed.We heard mixed reviews on Stella but we wanted to try it.  The menu sounded so imaginative.  The duck fat rolls that start the meal were the highlight of the meal for me.  The beef and oyster tartare was interesting.  The BBQ shrimp was lukewarm and nothing special.  My lobster dish also lukewarm and not outstanding, though tender and moist.  My husband's duck 5 ways seemed to be a better choice.  The chocolate mint desert was special.  We chose the wine pairings and those didn't please me very much either.  My husband fared better with his meal (wine-wise).  What I know of chef/owner John Boswell is that he is talented and goodhearted and I am sorry to write a less than glowing review.  Expectations run much higher for a $400+ meal and we are from Los  Angeles!  On the brighter side, the service is excellent.  The wait staff very knowledgeable.Well, the restaurant is very nice and the food was delicious..no complaints there.  But, compared to other nice restaurants, this was the most snobbiest ....for example, we made a reservation for 2 and had a friend arrive into town unannounced and the restaurant said, "oh no, sorry you are set up for a tabletop for 2"...well, we arrived and we had a table for THREE!! and more importantly, the restaurant was not busy at all.  The most were 4 tables with 2 to 4 people at each...we felt bad that we could not invite our friend.  Additionally, while the food was delicious, the wine menu was ridiculous.  The average price to get have a bottle was $500 -- when the food itself was $30 to $50 a plate.  There were only 2 bottles in the $50 to $80 range....very disappointing.   The economy no longer supports unlimited expense accounts.  We observed that most people were either drinking water, maybe a martini or a glass of wine.  WHO can afford $500 on average.  We liked the food, but we will most likely not go back.I really wanted to like this place, and I still do, just wont be coming back. This was my top pick of places to eat when I found out I was going to New Orleans. We had reservations for 9:30 on Saturday night and arrived about 10 minutes early and were promptly seated. The space is very nice and small and we had a small table with a little privacy that I liked. We started with two Hangar One martinis which were awesome and the amuse bouche arrived. It was a bite of mango shrimp that was sweet at first but finished salty which was awesome. We moved on to the foie gras BLT for a starter and the chef split it for us which was nice. The bread was super crusty which paired well with the incredibly creamy pate and the flavor was fantastic. So far we were very satisfied....until now. The server suggested my date try the burgundy by the glass and I opted for a glass of Stag Leap Cab since its one of my favorites. For dinner I ordered the duck 5 ways while she went with the server's suggestion of shrimp and scallops. The duck was pretty good.....a mini cup of duck miso soup, sliced duck breast with currant sauce, lacquered duck, duck won-tons, and a duck pancake. The miso soup and laquered duck were amazing! The won-ton was way too greasy, the duck breast was ho hum and the pancake was like eating candy. Overall I was satisfied with the dish, just wouldn't order it again. My date's entree had to be sent back because we were served a rotten shrimp. When it came back she couldn't eat it because since she had tried the shrimp, the texture of the scallops were similar which reminded her of the nasty shrimp and you don't really wanna gamble with seafood. I had the scallops and they were good but even a little undercooked. The highlight of the dish were the potatoes they served the seafood on. They were amazing, with chunks of sausage in them and a creamy, tangy sauce drizzled over. But for the price of the entree, you don't wanna just have potatoes. The wine she got was also turned so overall it was just a bad experience for her, which in turn, made it a bad experience for me. The server did take the wine off the menu which was nice but didn't really even apologize for the shrimp. They almost made us feel as if we didn't know what we were talking about by sending it back. I am sure they are not used to returned food, but at least take ownership. Maybe we caught them on a bad night but there are too many other gems in New Orleans for me to return.Mmm the food here was so delicious. My mouth still waters when I think of some of the dishes. I decided to treat myself while in New Orleans.
I was the first one to arrive for the evening and the staff was very pleasant and attentive. The decor is pretty, very elegant and upscale. 
I ordered the tangy dynasty cocktail, which was yummy not to sweet and has edible purple flowers. 
I chose to get the 4 course prix fix menu. All the courses were beautifully presented. The amuse-bouche was crackling. This was crunchy with a lime lemon flavouring. Next I had lardo on a cabbage leaf, which was really tasty. The lardo was just the right amount, that it didn't come off as greasy. 
For the first course I ordered the foie grois, the texture was creamy, smooth, and melted in your mouth. This was served with grapes, granola, and bread allowing you make your own bitefuls. 
Next I had the char grilled octopus served with tomatillo puree, almonds, pea shoots, garlic and a chickpea chip. The octopus was tender and soft with a nice char grilled flavour.
Next was the tasting of duck 5 ways. My favourite preparation of the duck was the sliced duck meat and the wonton. The duck was juicy soft and tender and the sauce that came with it, complimented the duck. 
Lastly for dessert was bananas' foster on French toast. The dessert was good. But the syrup got a little too sweet for me towards the end. I still enjoyed it and I'm sure the rest of their deserts are good too. 
I also got a lovely surprise when I got a complimentary dessert. This included a macaroon, chocolate bon bon, cheesecake chocolate candy, and caramel candy. I really enjoyed the caramel candy. 
I loved my dining experience here and would go back when I'm next in New Orleans.Less than "Stella"r.  I've been to Stella! 6 or 7 times over the past 4 years.  Unfortunately tonight will most likely be my last time.
I went with 4 other people and had called to make a reservation about a week before.  I asked for a 6:30 and was told they didn't have anything until 7:30.  Ok, well we figured we'd go early have a drink at 7:00 and then have dinner.  We arrive at 6:50 and the place was empty except for a single 2 top.  Strike 1.
The menu has changed to a Prix Fixe deal which I'm not crazy about. Strike 2.  We are told the table has to have either the 4 selection prix fixe or the 7 selection.  There are supplements for kobe beef or lobster.  hhhmmm. Whole thing was fishy. Speaking of, I had a smoked fish first course that seriously looked like raw chicken.  I took two bites, bleecckk.  Second course, had octopus that was good, but not great.  Third course I opted opted for the lobster and paid the $15 supplement.  Was just Ok.  Lastly had a bacon ice cream and baked apple dish.  Interesting dessert but overall not what I had come to expect of Stella.  
For $650 with no alcohol for 5 people all I can say is you can do much better in New Orleans.  #jumpedthesharkToo bad they don't have a no star option.  This place is run by rude and incompetent front desk people.  The manager is probably the worst I have met having dined at some of the best restaurants world over.  Never got in, thank god, as they wanted to split our party of eight, with a confirmed reservation, into two tables. How fun for a family birthday dinner?  With two empty tables next to each other, they refused to push them together because they "don't do that!"  Good, so you don't get my $1,000 plus the meal would have cost and they act like they don't give a damn.  Only problem was finding a table for 8 on a Saturday evening in the 1/4 at 8:00 pm. Found another place and was warmly greeted and enjoyed a fun meal.  The food is only part of a dining experience; when you encounter idiots at the front door, your best advice is to turn and run!  Just remember to cancel the hold on your credit card.  What a joke.I'll keep this short because I feel kind of neutral about this restaurant: not so bad that it warrants a rant and not so good that I can rave.
My salad was quite good, but simple. However, my fish was almost inedible. I couldn't eat more than half of it . I should have sent it back, but I never do that - it's just uncomfortable for me. My husband thought his duck was absolutely fantastic, one of the best he has ever had. The salt and pepper ice cream really was shockingly good. It the one thing in the meal I would go back for.
The wine list was very good, but severely overpriced, and came with an annoyingly snobby sommelier. In fact, the whole place had a faint whiff of snobby, from the hostess to the sommelier. I'm used to this attitude at certain restaurants, but I found it odd here as the place was dead empty. 
For what was offered, food, service, ambiance, the whole place was overpriced. I would go back if I couldn't get in somewhere I really liked and if someone else was paying. Or, I would go back just for the salt and pepper ice cream - it really was that good.
To be fair, I'll represent the other side and let you know that my husband liked it much more than I did. He would probably give them a 4.This was by FAR the best restaurant we ate at in New Orleans. The attention to service detail surpassed all the other top restaurants we dined at. White gloves to present the silver, beautiful presentation for the ice tea. The staff worked together and didn't miss a beat through the entire dining experience. And "experience" is the right word! I appreciate the background music was so low guests did not have to shout to have conversation. Had plenty of seating, but not too crowded (or noisy!). Finally, wonderful to find such a delicious vegetarian option in New Orleans.Stella was everything a great restaurant should be. The service... outstanding, the atmosphere... relaxing, the the food.... oh the food. ITs all about the food. Going to Stella's for dinner is like having a gastronomic massage. I can't remember leaving a restaurant so fufilled and relaxed. The servers were very attentive but not obnoxious. The little extra from the chef during the meal is like a surprise christmas present. Fun and exciting. I wish I had made all my dinner reservations there while I was in New Orleans, it just doesn't get any better than this!!It's always so hard for me to rate really nice restaurants because I expect so much before I even walk in the door. So maybe this is too harsh. Anyway...
We were ushered into a somber and hushed front dining room. I felt like I had to whisper, which was sort of weird. We ordered cocktails to start because that's how I do fancy meals but I wasn't too excited about their specialty cocktails. When the ordered Blackberry Bramble or whatever it was called arrived, I was similarly nonplussed. 
I won't go into details about each dish but I will say that I certainly liked every course but I wasn't really wow-ed. Also, my wine tasted like anchovies, which I love but not in my wine. Highlights included all the sauces on each plate, the beef tenderloin, veal cheek and poached rhubarb for dessert. I've spent a lot less money on meals I enjoyed just as much or more so...glad I knocked that off the bucket list but won't be back.I've been here before but my last visit was disappointing  -especially given the prices
The portions were on the small side and some were just not that great
The smoked black cod was somewhat mealy   
The octopus was tasty but the portion was extremely small. The plate was more about the sauce covering a large portion of the middle of the plate and less about the small octopus pieces on one side of the plate 
The dessert was fine except for the huckleberry one. My son ordered it and it was not very good
Not planning on returningHad the 7 course dinner with wine pairing on New Year's Eve. Oh My! Unbelievable, tasty, savory flavors. I can't even begin to describe all the things we ate, in fact I am not even sure I know! What I do know is that the food was a great mix of flavors that wouldn't be commonly thrown together. The service was good not great. We really liked our waiter, but the timing between courses was a little off. Also when we arrived the previous set of diners were still there and clearing out. We asked the hostess for a glass of wine while we waited and she declined. However some other new arrivals asked a male host for wine and he brought it to them without hesitation. I thought that was the right thing to do. We had the pleasure of watching the chef saunter around the dining room mid meal, what a hoot the guy is! Love it that he took the time to check in with everyone. 
Stop by Stella's brother restaurant, Stanley, near Pirates Alley, for breakfast. Even better than dinner!Food and service were excellent. I tried the foie gras blt appetizer and it was one of the most delicious things I have ever ate. It has a cheese type texture and taste and if you have never had it don't worry you will not be disappointed. For my main meal I had the veal steak and it was delicious. The staff was really on top of their game without being too intrusive. They were quick to take away plates and glasses and when they bring you new silverware or plates they wear white gloves. All the tables around us were getting a platter of different desserts and we thought it was the $52 dollar dessert platter but it turned out to be a little lagniappe dessert and was very good. Bottom line: Great food and service but a little overpriced.Maybe we are too simple for this place because we weren't big fans. Its a different experience than what we are used to. It just seems like this place tries way to hard to deliver the "experience" they are selling. 
We would much rather simple food done well than something that the chef just conjured up and so we are "lucky" to try it.  If your not into trying strange combinations such as a  salad of wild asparagus, grilled porcini, short rib pastrami, slow-cooked chicken egg yolk and smoked porcini aioli plus some other ingredients, then this place really isn't for you. 
We will never go back.Quite possibly the beat food I have ever eaten.  Wonderful service!  We did the 7 course tasting menu!  Worth every pennyThe most amazing meal of our honeymoon trip was here! I was scared at first, the white glove service seemed a little too fancy for me (I love big mac's OK!), but now I wish I could take the servers home. It was not a snobby place at all and the food was amazing! We tried a lot, but the squash soup was phenomenal, I wish they could have slipped me the recipe. We also tried the carrot salad, which is unlike anything I have seen or tasted before. Once again, very good. 
Also, I had the most delicious drink and right now I can't think of what it's called, but it had grapefruit and orange juice.  Yummmy!
I usually hate German chocolate cake, but my husband ordered it. It was so different and delicious. This is the spot, and if you have the money, this is a must eat when in NOLA.Very interesting high end fusion by Chef Scott.  Really enjoyed it.  A bit high in price, but when you see the end product you understand why.  True culinary artistry.Good but could be better. My biggest complaint is that the food is overly fussy. The ingredients and execution are first class, but they need to stop piling on the extras after a certain point. The foam has to go! Another observation: the appetizers (foie gras), excellent but too small. The main course (lamb), excellent but too big!  No room for desert. I think with a few corrections this could near the top of NOLA eateries these days.Out of the three places we ate in New Orleans, this was by far my favorite.  Our table was ready upon arriving, and the atmosphere was high class, but comfortable at the same time.  The prices were very reasonable, we all had an entree, wine and some salads and dessert for about what we paid at the other places to split entrees.  The fish was out of this world, prepared very nicely and flavorful.  The presentation is what I would expect for a five star restaurant.  And bonus they give you a sampling in a spoon to start off your pallet!  
The dessert was exciting, there were chocolate, vanilla and strawberry looking little tastes of joy.  The service was amazing, attentive, and very nice with a little spark of personality.  I would recommend this place to everyone!Stella! was 1 in a small list of restaurants offering vegetarian fare in New Orleans so we made sure to get rezzies well ahead of time, to ensure our spot was secured
Went w/ the 4-Course Vegetarian Tasting Menu.  They also offered a 6-Course version but having been eating at the Fairgrounds all day, we didn't think there was enough stomach real estate for it......but thanks so much for offering!
Ladies were sporting nice dresses & there were men's dinner-jackets aplenty - so although not required, best be prepared!
Amuse Bouche - Radish picked right out of their garden w/ a dollop of a cream cheese somethingorother......it was good w/ the lovely bitterness of the radish
Warm Asparagus Salad - really liked the egg addition & gave this dish a nice creamy, richness that added to the perfectly cooked asparagus - still had a bit of crunch!
Cheese & Pickled Green Strawberries - this was a nice & unique dish.  The cheese was super creamy & soft & toned down the tart pickle of the strawberries.  Very unique dish!
Gnocchi - the mushrooms added a wonderful earthy flavor to the perfect potato pillows - wished this had been our main dish!
Veggie Medley - here is where they lost us.  Lots of veggies that had been oven-roasted in olive oil.  Made the veggies all taste the same, even though there was a lot of variety.  Was hoping for maybe a farro, quinoa, or something to use as a pairing but this was just like they took a bunch of side dish veggies & put them on a plate
Desserts included the White Chocolate Tart that came w/ a fun take on a root beer float - this had the ice cream in an ale.....it was yummy
Little tray of "parting" desserts to send us on our merry way & we left there full & happy
We'd totally come back to Stella! & are thankful for another vegetarian option in New Orleans!This was the best breakfast I have ever had. The bridge Benedict was amazing! Great service too. Very helpful with finding local places to visit.First time at Stella.  If possible, I would rate this place 4 1/2 stars.  Very good, but not quite perfect.
Had a dinner reservation for two at 6:15.  Was seated promptly by a very courteous and attentive staff.  For starters, we had the Composition of Beets and the Foie Gras BLT.  My girlfriend adored the beets and I thought they were alright, but am admittedly not a huge beet fan.  The Foie Gras BLT was superb.  Easily the best part of the whole meal.  If you are going, you must order it.
For entrees we had the white cheddar crusted black drum and the duck five-ways.  The drum was fantastic, but so heavy that I can't imagine making an entire meal out of it.  The duck was also very good, but I wasn't blown away by Moo Shoo pancake, which seemed out of sync with the rest of the dish, or the foie gras wontons, which lacked the flavor-punch of the rest of the duck portions.  Still, very good.
For dessert we had the strawberry three-ways and the chocolate lime dome.  The strawberries were solid, the chocolate lime dome was perfect.  Not too heavy, and the lime sorbet was a great pallet cleanser.  
As others have mentioned the wine is a bit overpriced.  My martini, made with vodka that had been frozen in liquid nitrogen, was spot on.  
Overall it was a great, albeit pricey, dinner out.My husband made reservations at Stella to celebrate our one year anniversary.  Upon arriving, we were ushered into the front to be seated.  As far as I am concerned, we had the best seats in the house with a few of street.  The front section has only 8 or so tables, which leads to a quiet and intimate setting.  It was only as we were leaving that I realized that we would have had an entirely different experience had we sat in the back.  
After ordering a bottle of champagne, we were told it would take a few minutes for them to get the bottle from the cellar and to chill it.  While waiting, the staff brought over an amuse bouche.  It, along with our appetizer were delicious.  It's a small critique but I wish that they would have held the appetizer until the bottle was ready.  
I ordered the shrimp and scallops entree, which was fantastic.  Denton ordered Duck Five Ways.  He loved 4/5 of his meal, commenting that the fois gras won tons were a little greasy.   
For dessert, we had Bananas Foster.  Neither of us had ever had tried it before; it was fun to try something new.  We both will be ordering it again!  At the end of the meal, we were given a chinese box with fortune cookies as a congratulations on our anniversary.
We both felt the meal and the restaurant were outstanding.  So why only 4 stars?  During our meal, the waitress pulled up the bottle too quickly, thus spilling almost a glassful.  Had it been water, I wouldn't have cared.  But a $125 bottle of champagne?  Um, how about comping my dessert? 
I am not the sort of person that asks for things for free.  It's not my style.  Perhaps I'm wrong for dinging a star, but I felt that we deserved something.One of the most enjoyable dining experiences. Table for 3, 7 course tasting menu and wine parings for each course ($95 and $75 respectively.) It's not often that I find a tasting menu with all courses to my liking. Knowable wait staff (as expected), presentation fantastic and the sommelier kept bringing hit after hit and explained the selections wonderfully. Staff was very professional but knew how to read our table - fun and relaxed - and interacted accordingly.
7 courses adds up to a bunch of food, add in the chefs' amuse bouche on the front-end and back-end of the meal and you'll definitely walk away satisfied. My guests and I were smiling with each course. If you select the tasting menu, settle in, it was close to a 3 hour experience, we were not in a hurry, perfectly timed. If you don't have 3 hours, go with a starter, entree and dessert and do let the sommelier make recommendations. STELLA!Really not worth it! There was really nothing exciting on the menu and what we did get was disappointing. We got the four course option with the wine pairing. They served us a dessert wine with the first course and later served a Chardonnay in a burgundy glass. Also they ran out of the wine that was supposed to be paired with the tenderloin. I ordered the veal cheek, but when they brought it, it was introduced as pork cheek. I tried it and it tasted like every piece of pulled pork I have ever eaten. When I asked the waiter about it he at first insisted that the menu said pork cheek. When he looked it up at my insistence, he quickly responded "well that is veal" it was not veal. I know my meats, and that was pork. The food was good but not great and not worth the price. The staff was not as experienced for the price, overall not worth it.I visited this place because of all the great things I have heard. 
Myself and 2 friends had the 7-course tasting menu with wine pairings.  Every course was creative, fun and delicious.
We were left with huge smiles on our face."HEY STELLA!!!!!!!" OK, I couldn't resist.  But dining at Stella! makes you want to do just that! Located on a quiet street in the French Quarter, Stella! is an elegant and beautiful restaurant with wonderful and attentive service. 
We opted for the four course prix fixe. Within each course, you can make a selection between 3 or 4 dishes - each one different and unique, which makes it hard to choose. Whenever my husband and I go with a chef's tasting menu, we try hard to choose different dishes at each course so we can taste a bit of everything.  Each one of our courses was delicious! 
The service is very attentive - they work as a team so you're never with an empty glass - water or otherwise! 
Stella! is a splurge but it is a very nice dining experience.The place still takes the cake for the best dish (and subsequently best meal) I've ever had.  If you are looking for a very nice dinner, definitely check it out.  
I had the BLT which I believe was applewood smoked bacon, truffle scented lettuce, and heirloom tomato on brioche with a side of 100 year old balsamic vinegar.  It still is the best dish I've ever had, and it was only an appetizer!  It was twice as expensive as any other app ($22 if memory serves) but was worth twice more.  It showed up and was about the size of an iPhone, only thicker.  I was immediately annoyed at how much I'd paid for so little until I took the first bite.  That single bite had more flavor than entire meals.  I can't say enough about this dish.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it, and It's been years since I ate there!
I also had the duck five ways, each of which were delicious, and chocolate grilled cheese for dessert.  I was so blissed out on dinner that dessert didn't even register, but everyone loved it.
The sommelier was probably the nicest and least pretentious I have ever encountered.  Our server was delightful as well.  The service really rounded out a top-notch meal.  And now I need to go back. 
Favorites are: "BLT" (not what you think), everythingHadn't been back here in a few years.  Not as good as I remember.  Went there on a Sunday night with my wife so it wasn't very crowded.  Wait staff seemed more interested in their own business then serving us.  Food was trying to be good, but for the price, i think there are many better choices in NOLA.  On the good side, it is a very solid date night place with a quiet ambience.I just spent a week in New Orleans and was lucky enough to eat at several great restaurants. Stella came very highly recommended, and one highly-placed local even told me that it was, in his opinion, the "best food you'll have" in New Orleans right now. 
I respectfully disagreed with my host. Stella is a nice place, but the food is very dated, and although there were a couple of tasty items, my overall impression was that the place is over-hyped and CERTAINLY not worth the VERY high prices. 
I had oysters granita three ways to start - three large oysters on the half shell topped with three different "granitas" of ice and various flavorings. Barf. Frozen barf, actually. Don't get me wrong, I love oysters, but these were nothing to write home about. For one, this is a novelty dish. Second, there was WAY too much ice, so I ended up with a big mouthful of super-cold salty slush and barely avoided oyster-flavored ice-cream-headache. Sort of like Oyster Icee. Bad idea, and not well executed. 
For the main I had duck five ways. I'm generally a duck eater, but it sounded interesting, and many other dishes were loaded up with shrimp, which I am allergic to, so I went for it. Tea-smoked dug leg was excellent. Foie gras wonton was pathetic - expensive airport bar food. Greasy wonton, melted runny foie gras. Another bad novelty idea. 
We asked for advice on wine and although I asked for a "spicy pinot" we got a thin, pale one. The server asked how I liked the wine and I gave him an honest answer, to which he replied with a shrug. 
For $35-$45 entrees, I expect WAY more. I ate far better at Cochon for half the price, not to mention Rocky & Carlo for a tenth of the price. Stella, you're not fooling anyone, fusion was OVER in the 80's!My husband is a total foodie and for the past 10 years or so he has chosen to go to one particular restaurant in the French Quarter for dinner on his birthday.  That unnamed place isn't what it used to be so he wanted to try something different - Stella it is!!  He absolutely loves tasting menus with wine pairings and that's always what he wants to do on his birthday.  I tried to get a dinnertime reservation 3 days in advance (husband took his time in deciding on a place) and they only had 5:30 or 10:00 available.  Husband checked the next day and there was a 6:30 opening, so someone must have cancelled.  
When we arrived it was about 1/2 full and pretty quiet.  Felt a little stuffy at first with the quietness but it livened up when the restaurant filled up later in the evening.  Attire is dressy but they don't mind if you wear jeans.  We dressed them up a bit and didn't feel out of place.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  Everyone from the waiters to the hostess came by to pour his wine and they all knew every detail of the wines.  
Two tasting menu options - four or seven courses.  Since this is the kind of place that has enough servers to put everyone's food down on the table at the exact same moment, they ask that everyone at the table have the same number of courses so there is no "jealousy" at the table - yes, that's how they explained it.  But it wasn't a problem for us.  You get to select from a list of four or five choices for each course so it's a flexible tasting menu.  I had noted a vegetarian option online but didn't see it in the menu - had to ask for the vegetarian menu, which is separate.  I'm not a vegetarian but not everything on the main menu appealed to me.  They allowed me to "mix and match" options from the vegetarian menu with the main menu, so I was appreciative of that.  
I had the Winter Citrus Salad and Potato Gnocchi from the vegetarian menu.  The salad was small but tasty, and the gnocchi was a pretty good portion and very yummy.  I had the Duck Five Ways for my entree and wow...  what a treat.  I'm not a frequent duck eater and my husband always says "it has to be cooked right."  Well it was cooked right.  The variety of flavors on the plate was fabulous, and the leg/thigh meat was so tender and delectable.  Good portion for an entree, nothing left over!  Dark and White Chocolate Cateau for dessert - another wow.  Husband had the Glazed Fois Gras, Crispy Veal Sweetbreads, Roasted Prime Beef Strip & Bananas Foster French Toast.  He was always amazed by the perfection of the wine pairing.  He was speechless at times, which is unusual for him, so I know he was impressed by the food as well.  Even the bread was tasty and unique.  We also got some special chocolates at the end since they knew we were celebrating his birthday.
All in all a great visit.  Four stars due to the prices - as another reviewer noted, it's unusual that the vegetarian menu is the same price as the non-veggie option, but it did give me the option to mix and match.  Paying those prices is definitely an annual treat for us, so not sure when or if we'll be back.  If we win the lottery, husband said we would be going there that night to have the most expensive caviar they offer!  So I'll let you know if we win the lottery.THE EMPEROR HAS NO CLOTHES !  I ordered the four course prix fixe with wine pairing and my wife chose to stay w the same wine throughout the meal. At the 3rd course I had the lobster and she chose the duck, the waiter began pouring a red wine and explaining how not macerating the skins lowered the tannins and helped match perfectly w the duck. I pointed out that I had the lobster and he explained how the mustardy undertones matched w the orzo served w the lobster and did not change the wine out. Please really ? For $300+ I expected more , I wanted to grab the waiters glasses and clean them the entire meal as well. Piling on adjectives to ingredients and presentation alone does not make u great. August is far superior for the cost.Nice place with good (not great) food. Immaculate and off the beaten path in the French Quarter - those two don't usually go hand-in-hand. Pricey but competent execution overall. The sea bass was overpowered by nutmeg, but scallops were perfection.Great ambience.  Staff attentive.  Food was good buy not superior.I have been to Stella around 6 or 7 times and I truly considered it one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans - and I have eaten my way through many restaurants in this city. My last experience at Stella was terrible. Normally every single bite is delectable, but I haven't had a dinner this flat out gross in a very long time - especially at a restaurant of this caliber. I started out with the asparagus and lobster salad - the asparagus was cold and hard, and the soggy lobster tasted like it had been soaking in a bucket of salt. For my entree I had the duck 5 ways - a staple on the menu - and it was DISGUSTING. Out of the 5 ways - one was good ( a glorified miso soup with duck bits in it ) one was edible (a duck leg that was saved by its crispy skin) and the rest were inedible! (foi gras wontons that tasted like overgreased chinese food, slimy mooshoo pancakes and the plain sliced duck - which should have shined, was BLAND, LUKEWARM, and GOOEY. I definitely fared the worst - but my dinner mates did not do much better. Two of them ordered the grape salad for their appetizer - which was literally a checkerboard of 30 grapes and nothing else. For 20 dollars - please! It was truly embarassing to take the family we were with to such an expensive restaurant and have it be such a dissapointment. Also a note on the menu - it used to change every single day, using the most seasonal ingredients - this time it seemed stale and repetitive. I hope they can change things around.One of the challenges in NOLA is figuring out which fantastic restaurant to dine at.  With so many great restaurants, and a variety of excellent choices, it is difficult to go wrong, and challenging for a restaurant to set itself apart.  Stella manages to effectively set itself apart, and shine.
Stella is one of the best, and worthy of a special visit.  However, be aware that Stella only serves multi-course meals...you cannot order specific items.  The format is a selection of either a four course, or seven course, meal.  I selected the four course, and enjoyed some great dishes.  All courses were excellent, but I particularly enjoyed their beef tartare, lobster soup and bananas foster.  Service was outstanding, and everything was elegant and delicious!We called to make a reservation and were told they only had 9:30 - we said we'd take it.  The reservationist told us we wouldn't have a problem walking in, though, so we didn't make the res to have flexibility with our timing. When we arrived at 7:45, we were told they were not taking walk-ins tonight. The manager was hardly apologetic. Too many great restaurants in this town to settle for this treatment. I recommend Sylvain nearby.So went here for the first time, and it could not have been a better dining experience. The staff was attentive, very knowledgeable, patient, not overbearing, and seamless. Yes, it is expensive. However, when you get exactly what you pay for, can you really be upset about the price? I say no. They do experiment with ingredients and flavors. It all works--in a HUGE way. My wife and I agree that we could not have had a better meal or dining experience. We both had the 4 course. It was just the right amount of food. My wife is not very adventurous when it comes to food but she was a sport and truly savored every bite. She could not have been more pleasantly surprised. The wine pairings. . . Oh the pairings. They really did bring the meal to another level. The staff was so educated about each wine and why the pairing would work. I'm not a wino, but I do enjoy drinking pretty much anything good--and love to try things. I was amazed at how well everything paired. Again, it is expensive but it is so worth it. People who care more about the price of a meal than the quality should not go. I say treat yourself; Not in a cheesy YOLO kind of way, but more of a "hey, experience life and what real passion tastes like" kind of way.I had dinner with ashley s.  who also wrote a review.  I would agree with one small exception.  
I never would have ordered a beet salad in a restaurant like this except ashley and our server both nudged the choice. Ashley has uncanny food instinct.  The beet salad was pure culinary genius.  Amazing textures and flavors.  The entire meal approached that level.  
The only soft point was the 1998 white riojo wine.  It was a recent addition to the wine list, but was a bit oxidized.  I was not experienced with it or confident enough to reject it.  The sommelier (not the main one) came to taste the wine since she never had it and we offered her a taste before the bottle was opened.  She said it was oxidized and was a little past the point.  We finished it, but ashley said afterwards she almost had to hold her nose.  I'm sure the sommelier would have taken it back in a flash had I asked, but I said I was ok with it.  Taught me a little lesson too - Trust thy self ..... and ask your wife.
Very friendly and knowledgable staff.    
The second bottle we had from another region was just fine, as you might expect.
We WILL go back to Stella - with anticipation of something great.We visited on 12/4/2011, as part of a weekend getaway to New Orleans.  Great service and great food and never felt rushed by the servers.  I would highly recommend Stella for a nice dinner out while visiting in New Orleans.We dined at Stella's and it was very pleasant. We had a party of 8 but they only seat up to 4 at a table, which we were told about beforehand. We had two tables. There are two dinner choices - a four course dinner with about 4-5 choices in each course , you can choose to pair wine and a chefs sample. We all chose the 4 course and I paired wine. The food plate presentation was wonderful, four waiters(tresses) came at the same time and set each course down . The staff was knowledgeable and helpful and all the food was great. The prices are high but they are equal to the service and food . We all enjoyed every dish . I would done here again when I visit next time.I was so not impressed with Stella.  The service was excellent, but the food left something to be desired.  The bread that was served before the meal was unremarkable.  I started with the Mosaic Salad, which consists of field greens, grapes, walnuts, and blue cheese.  The field greens were really good, but the ratio of sweet to savory was way off--there were not enough blue cheese and walnuts to balance out the sweetness of the large mound of grapes I found hiding under the greens.  Frankly, I've enjoyed salads at Panera more than I enjoyed this one.  (Yeah, I actually wrote that ; ).  For the entree I ordered the Daily Vegetarian Composition, which was delicious and the best part of my meal, but nothing to write home about.  I was hopeful for dessert, but unfortunately it was lacking, too.  We shared the beignets with cinnamon ice cream.  I was hoping the beignets would be warm enough to melt the ice cream a little bit, but instead they were cold, chewy, and flavorless.  I might give them another try at some point in the future, given the overall very positive ratings.  Maybe it was just an off night in the kitchen or something.My husband and I celebrated our anniversary here with the four course menu. It was one of the best meals of my life! The highlights of my meal were the fois gras, veal cheeks, beef ribeye and oxtail croquette. All were so perfect and distinct in flavor. Two weeks later I can still taste them in my mind. The dessert was lovely as well, it involved poached rhubarb and lemon verbena ice cream. The amuse bouche (a squid ink macaroon) and the mignardises at the end were very nice touches. The bread served was very nice as well and the service was perfect. It may seem pricey, but I really felt they went the extra mile to make the whole meal a very memorable experience. I know I won't forget it.Stella is average, over-priced food inside a beautiful restaurant. I don't mind paying $50 for an entree, if it's worth $50. Please, however, don't charge me $50 for a $29 entree(and I'm being generous here).
The specialty cocktails are nice, but as others have mentioned, the wine is vastly overpriced. The service is fine, but you can obviously see the staff constantly staring at you to judge your finish-time. It made our table uncomfortable.
I would return, but only for apertifs before dining somewhere else.Anyone who doesn't like this place doesn't know good food.  
Stella is amazing.  
It's not traditional but it's very special.  The service is impeccable...you know it's good when they wear white gloves every time they touch the silverware.  The ingredients are interesting and are a true reminder of California style.  Don't worry though they haven't forgotten where they are located and they feature many things that are local, and reminiscent of home cookin...just with a whole new twist.
If you love food, and aren't totally boring GO.  
This will definitely be the best, most forward thinking meal you will have in New Orleans, and you won't regret it.Stella! was an excellent choice for dining in New Orleans.  This is an unique dining experience.  The food was inventive and delicious.  The service was understated but our needs were consistently met by the staff.  The sommelier was particularly knowledgable and delightful.  As a note of clarification, this restaurant has a fixed price, 4 course menu.  There are 4 choices for each course from which to choose ($85 per person).  Wine pairings are also offered for each course for an additional $60.   Also available is a 7 course chef's tasting menu ($125 per person) with wine pairings for an additional $125.  The experience is outstanding but comes at a premium.  Reservations are a must.This review is a bit dated but is long overdue. Stella is still my top recommendation in New Orleans and my best and most memorable dining experience. 
I like novel, well-executed food delivered with an attention to detail. And I love the surprises with a prix fixe experience. Stella! delivered in spades. 
We had the seven-course paired menu which included a few extra courses...call it a nine-course. Particularly memorable was the cold gazpacho and the popcorn crusted wahoo though the dinner and pairings all excelled. 
The experience is expensive but worth every dime.We approached dining at Stella with an open mind, a sense of adventure, and an open wallet. It's difficult to know where to begin with this review, as so many aspects of the food were mind-blowing, and the service was so seamless that the entire experience seemed to melt together into this blissful memory of a meal.
I'm aware that the menu changes frequently with the seasons and according to what's available, so your menu will vary. I enjoyed a gnocchi appetizer, which turned me from a "gnocchi is alright, I guess" to a "GNOCCHI IS MY ONLY FOOD GROUP" kind of person. For my main course, I had the filet, which had been expertly prepared by sous vide and then a quick sear. The meat was accompanied with an Asian-influenced brown sauce, as well as several vegetables that couldn't have been more perfect or delicious. The lobster dish on the menu that night was also incredible. We had dessert, too, which included a very inventive dish that involved pink lemonade. 
In fact, every dish was inventive and fun, as you've probably heard they are, and I'd recommend going in with a blank slate and an open mind when it comes to making choices, if you're a less adventurous diner. If you want the full experience, have more funds, and are really adventurous, go for the tasting menu, and maybe add the wine pairings. I don't think there's anything in New Orleans quite like this. 
Prices are incredibly high, but you get what you pay for in artistry, an incredible dining experience, and first-class service. It's truly romantic and wonderful for a special occasion. Reservations are a must, and I believe jacket is required for men. If you've planned to go to Stella, go, and make sure at least one diner in your party orders an iced tea.My boyfriend and I came to this restaurant for a romantic night during our weekend getaway. We were not disappointed! We were prepared to drop a pretty penny on this dining experience and in the end it was worth it!
Pros
Wonderful service - attentive but did not loiter about
Wonderful food (expedition first course fish dish)
Ambiance - candle lit and intimate
Cons
The only con was my boyfriend's first course fish dish which tasted rancid and terrible. When we requested something else, it was whisked away without fuss and replaced with a wonderful beef tartar. 
Would return again and would recommend to friends and family.I was so disappointed with Stella. We had made our reservations a few weeks in advance because it was so hard to get one at a normal time. We each ordered the four course prix fixe meal. I was shocked. Each course could fit in the palm of my hand. I actually left hungry. I am also someone who fills up very easily. I understand that they don't want to over stuff you but this was ridiculous. My first course was a deviled egg but it was actually half of a deviled egg covered in some sort of flavored bubbles that seem to accompany many of their dishes and are probably used to help mask the tininess of each dish. The pork belly was actually ok but I finished it in three bites. The flounder was bland. The best thing I tasted were the Louisiana prawns which my boyfriend ordered. New Orleans is a city that values food and I've always had satisfying experiences at the well known restaurants here. Maybe this restaurant would fit in better in Los Angeles or New York.  When we are spending over $200 on a meal I expect to leave full, not craving a cheeseburger. 
The service was good though.Great restaurant.  The tasting menu was phenomenal.  Friendly staff and a lovely restaurant in the French Quarter.Ate here for the first time with a group of my gfs for a late birthday get together. Loved everything. Food was excellent and so was service. The dessert tasting is a must!!!! Till this day I still dream of the truffle ice cream :)What an experience! If you are lucky enough to get a reservation, you will be happy you did. From the moment you walk in, the staff is attentive and friendly, never pushy. The ambiance was romantic and comfortable, my favorite. I can't even remember how many complimentary delites were brought to the table but let's just say when you have finished your delectable Bananas Foster aka French Toast for dessert, they bring you more dessert on the house! Highly reccomended!Note: Stella! has gone out of business, as of June 10th, 2014. The owner has filed for bankruptcy.
http://www.nola.com/dining/index.ssf/2014/06/chef_scott_boswells_businesses.html#incart_m-rpt-1We received a gift for our wedding to go and enjoy a dinner at Stella!  Only living here in New Orleans a year, we know this is a town with many spots to enjoy great food.  So, we expected another fine meal at Stella!  We didn't realize we were in for such an amazing dining experience!!  We received excellent service from our waiter and all the staff which really added to our enjoyment of the meal.  However the service couldn't top the craftsmanship of such creative and tasty food!  Every bite was absolutely unique and so delicious.  If your in town or from here, dining at this establishment will truly be an experience in you will never forget.Excellent food, excellent service, but atmosphere is a little stuffy (not the service or crowd, just the ambience -- a bit quiet and formal feeling). 
My BF and I went with the 4-course and it was the perfect amount of food. I highly recommend the foie gras and duck five ways. 
I would definitely come here again.Absolutely wonderful from start to finish.  Service was seamless and absolutely perfect. The food was heavenly with some really interesting presentations especially the desserts.  The ice cream arrives in an ice bowl on a smoking plate.  The trio of creme brulee is in three little egg shells.  The spicy chili prawns were really spicy and flavorful.  I will never understand why chefs particularly in Ca will list a dish as spicy and there is no heat what so ever.  The rolls are dusted with panko bread crumbs. This chef seems to think of every touch and do it exquisitely.Stella is as good as it gets. It's dining at its best. Atmosphere is perfect, service is perfect, food is delicious. I am not able to put into words how pleased with this restaurant. Our waiter Rhett (sp?) was very knowledgeable about the menu items and the wine pairings. We did the Chef's Tasting menu and Wine pairing. A great experience.Stella was a great time with excellent food. Beautiful restaurant and the service was great. The 'signature' dry ice martinis were a bit of a late down - yeah we get it, a really really cold martini...but the other drinks were great and strong! I started with the cranberry salad and it was probably the best salad I've ever had. My main dish was good - not terribly special but definitely above average. Don't order desert!! They give you a desert plate sampler that is more than enough and very yummy!We were in NOLA for my birthday weekend and were really looking for some finer restaurants to try.  We walked over from the Marriott Courtyard Convention Center we were staying at and I did not realize it was quite a walk!  A little painful in heels for a 30 minute walk, but I survived.  Needless to say we arrived with great anticipation.  We were tempted by the tasting menu, but decided against it thinking it might take too long and just settled on an appetizer and main course.  To start there was an amuse bouche of prawn that tasted pleasant enough, but all I could remember was it tasted like they used Kerns Mango Nectar in it?  Then I had the Lobster, Eggs and Truffles ~ Canadian Lobster, Clyde's Farm Araucana Egg and Italian Summer Truffles.  It was a quaint appetizer, but didn't necessarily blow me away.  My husband did have the Louisiana Gulf Shrimp and Chanterelle and Lobster Mushroom Risotto with English Peas, Local Scallions and Virgin Olive Oil as his appetizer which was actually excellent!  The risotto was cooked perfectly and from this we anticipated our main courses.  For my main course I had Duck Five Ways ~ Szechwan Seared Breast, Lacquered Leg and Thigh, Moo Shoo Pancake Stir-Fry, Duck Miso Broth, Foie Gras Won Tons and 
Currant Cassis Reduction.  It sounded great on the menu, but when it was finally served I was disappointed.  Something about it reminded me of just plain old chinese food duck.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but I honestly have enjoyed duck much better prepared even at the Chinese Food establishments I do eat at here in California.  The Duck Miso Broth was too salty and the breast and leg tasted liked they were grilled in hoisin.  Hate to say may even taste reheated?  The Foie Gras Won Tons were greasy!  I was not motivated to finish my meal.  My husband had the Kabayaki-Glazed Prime Beef Tenderloin with Kimchee Stuffed Japanese Yam, Steamed Baby Vegetables and Sweet Soy-Sake Butter.  His dish was better than mine, but still he was not overly impressed.
I would like to think maybe we just didn't order the right entrees to represent all the great reviews about Stella, but we walked away feeling like the meal was definitely overpriced.  We are not food snobs, but we have dined at Guy Savoy and Jules Verne in Paris along with Hostellerie de Plaisance and Cordeillan Bages in Bordeaux.  We were expecting at least a slightly similar dining level, but unfortunately did not experience it that night.  Hate to be the contrarian to everyone, but I could not give the same ratings as everyone else.Fantastic.  Be prepared to drop some serious coin if you eat here, but it was worth it.
I started with the lobster asparagus salad - as ridiculous as it sounds.
Dinner was scallops and gulf shrip on a bed of andouille sausage sauteed potatoes with some sauce that I don't remember because it was so good it erased my mind.
Service was white glove and impeccable the whole way through.We caught Stella on Super Bowl weekend and I am very surprised at some of the really negative reviews it has received from some diners. My experience was sublime. The 5 course tasting menu was varied and interesting. Even my non foodie wife could have easily found palatable selections. 
Each course was prepared meticulously and the service was delightful. Scallops are not to be missed as are the prawns. I selected the "Duck 5 Ways" and was flavor blasted with each bite. The dessert preparation was tiny bites of spectacular goodness and with a nice wine selection Stella left me wanting to return soon. 
So many times great old standard restaurants fall from grace in tourist areas but Stella is an exception.....and an exceptional dining destination too!Absolutely outstanding meal!  Very difficult to describe -- so many flavors, with so many things to choose from!  Hot, cold, spicy, decadent.....it's truly a dining EXPERIENCE.  Second to none, I highly recommend it!I can honestly say that my dinner here was the best meal of my young life. First of all, the space is beautiful. I appreciated the tucked away enviro, in a pleasantly cobbled courtyard of the Hotel Provincial. The interior is beautiful and my only complaint was that the gorgeous flower arrangement in the middle of the dining room was so fragrant that it absolutely poisoned the air. (Note to staff: Crack a window! Those flowers are giving diners a headache)
So we started with a nice bottle of chardonnay (recommended by the waitress) and two amuse-bouche, my favorite of which was a roasted red pepper creme with a goat cheese foam. We were taken aback by its absolute wonder, balancing sweetness and tartness. 
I had the pan-seared scallops atop a truffle andouille new potato hash, topped with a "black caviar butter." It was absolutely phenomenal. The scallops were cooked to sweet melty buttery perfection, and the hash was an incredible smoky and sweet and salty convergence of tender potato and sausage. I was in heaven with literally every bite. It was like a religious experience. I am not exaggerating, my taste buds were on cloud nine. I was speechless. I recommend this dish as the one to go with. 
We also had the "Bone Marrow Crusted Beef Tenderloin," which was cooked to perfection. The meat so tender and juicy and rich and melted like butter on my tongue. 
My least favorite of entrees we had was the "Duck 5 Ways". It was fine and maybe even delicious, but I preferred the other two dishes to this asian-influenced duck dish. I am just not a fan of fried wantons and dumplings and such, although these were very good. 
Overall, the food was divine both in its conceptualization and its flawless execution. The service was impeccable, and the courses were well-orchestrated and perfectly spaced out. (Yes it took 2.5 hours. But a meal like this is to be enjoyed, savored, and reveled in. I would not expect to be out in 1.5 hours.)So if you are a local and plan on eating here make sure absolutely nothing else pops up in your life. We had reservations and something serious came up so we called to cancel with ample time for them to seat the table and they still charged us $100.00 for canceling. I get that it is small and they have limited seating but $50.00 per person is ridiculous. We called and spoke to a manager and they said "Sorry you should have read our policy before you cancel next time". I will never eat here nor Stanley again that is absurd. 100.00 for nothing you guys are ridiculous!Warren 6/10/2013
Been here several times. First time for a tasting menu. Expected much more. Pretty food, but the flavor on some dishes is just plain lacking. Had to ask for salt. I wanted the seven course. My wife wanted the four, with an $85 upgrade for Wagyu beef. They said both had to do the same tasting. So I got the four course. Also told them it was a special birthday ocassion. They stuck a candle in the complimentary confections that come to every table at the end of the meal. Really?! Asked waiter for a recommendation on a sparkling wine. His response: "you don't like Champagne?" He then proceeded to point out two champagnes...the first $395, the next $250 per bottle. Oh, and the absolutely BEST part. My wife and I dressed appropriately for a restauant that has its reputation. They proceed to walk in two tables and seat them next to us with two men at one wearing, I kid you not, shorts and FLIP FLOPS, no not sandals. The other table looked like they just came from Jazz Fest. Enough said. I can eat anywhere in the city for a third of the cost and get a better meal and have a nicer experience."At Stella's, the food is the thing" 
Stella's had been on our list of places to try for a while, but the "five bean" review in the TP pushed us over the edge. Being foodies, we had to try it for ourselves. 
If you have ADHD, you can stop reading after this sentence: Stella's is the alpha dog restaurant in New Orleans. 
Yes, Commanders and Galatoire's are more "traditional". Lillette, August and Coquette are hipper. If you are not from around here, you probably want to go to an Emeril Lagasse eatery or, if you must, Acme Oyster House. 
BUT, if you want to go a restaurant where the chef goes out of his way to impress, surprise and satisfy you, you must dine here. 
To be sure, this is a foodie's restaurant and Scott Boswell is a food mastermind, in the best possible sense. Take his foie gras BLT. It sounded like a cutesy attempt at being different and I don't usually get foie gras because it falls short, is overpriced and, to paraphrase that old borscht belt, the portions are too small. Not so here, big props to our waiter, Scott, for pushing this. 
The first bite of the BLT was the single best bite of food I've had all year, possibly all decade. The bread was succulent, the lettuce crisp and little bits of bacon flecked the foie gras. The foie gras itself exploded on my tongue. Okay, it might be a bit much to say that I had a tear in my eye as the flavors combined, but I should have. 
I also had the Walu which was pan fried in some kind of wonderful popcorn and corn butter coating. This dish was also above and beyond my expectations. Not only was the fish ultra tender--as if the boat had just off-loaded behind the kitchen--but again, the flavors were unusual and simply awesome. 
The lobster entree was prepared through a complex technological progress. The result was a beast that seemed to be part sea critter, part butter and it came on a bed of fresh veggies that held their textures and flavors. 
Not everything was perfect. The NOLA/Asian style shrimp was very good, but far from awe-inspiring. I liked the flavor of the Kobe appetizer and like the other premium ingredients it was amazingly fresh and tender, but it came out cold on a mini-grill, which was confusing. Was this dish a type of tar tare or a mistake? The shrimp risotto was poorly conceived with the pungent melted brie (which I love in most contexts) completely overpowering the rest of the dish. Even there, however, the risotto itself was prepared with care as were the quarter pound of mushrooms. 
We opted for the desert tasting, which gave us everything they had to offer. The grilled cheese/three cream cheese and ganache breakfast sandwich was another insanely wonderful dish. Playing like the mischievous twin of the BLT, it had a similar effect. The flavors were strong and I remember thinking that it took guts to attempt something like this. Humanity is better for the chef's strong backbone. 
Banana French toast came in a close second. It was paired with a tiny scoop of vanilla bean ice cream and should be required tasting for all New Orleans dessert chef's. 
The creme brulee trio (star anise, green tea, Grand Marnier, or rather, good, better, best) came in egg shells and topped with Chef Boswell's famous "air." We finished with small scoops of mango and two other flavors of ice cream that were passable, but only so. The super dark molten chocolate cake swimming in hot buttered pink lemonade was a pleasant surprise (think: giant chocolate raspberry bon bon and you can imagine the taste). 
The chef finished us off with a trio of microscopic free desserts. We thought the check was coming, but they brought us a peppermint marsh mellow, a pecan cookie with mocha filling and an actual chocolate raspberry bon bon. I probably shouldn't forget the shrimp cocktail amuse bouche that appeared in porcelain measuring spoons earlier in the evening. 
The service was literally white-glove, but not pretentious. Our servers were attentive and knew when to stop and talk and when to go about their business. The atmosphere was understated and like all great New Orleans restaurants, not overly formal.  I was seated by a man in a Hawaiian shirt.  Be warned though, you will spend a few dollars at Stella's. You can't get this kind of adventurous excellent with a discount coupon. 
This was a fantastic night of eating. I can't wait to see what's on the Fall menu.I completely agree with Daniel M.: at this price point, the food/experience doesn't measure up. He explained the meal so well that I'll focus on the rest in this review....
Overpriced (and more than online menu suggests- online, salads were $10 and tandoori salmon entree listed at $30, but last night in restaurant, salads $17-18 and salmon $34). Wine list also overpriced. Atmosphere beautiful and cool, not cozy (grays/whites).  Also very quiet (we had to keep our voices significantly lowered so as not to stand out) so felt stiff (this wasn't helped by our stiff server). Most other servers seemed more relaxed and friendly. Enormous bouquet in the small dining room with lots of fresh lillies overwhelmed the room with the scent of lillies (I smelled/tasted it the second we walked in the front door) and interfered with enjoyment of the meal. It was shocking that they would do this, actually. Wonderful complementary touches (amuse bouche to start, and after we declined to order dessert, an assortment of 10 gourmet homemade candies like dark chocolate truffle, Meyer lemon choclate cup, etc) were lovely and redeemed the evening.My wife and I ate here with the kids a year ago and were blown away by the service, food, and ambiance.  Definitely a little pretentious.  However, we were expecting this.  They were very accommodating to our kids.  They created a pasta dish specifically for the kids that was very tasty.  My wife and I had the four course tasting and selected different courses so that we could sample something different on each plate.  Everything was very good.  The Spanish inspired shrimp dish was very memorable.  The ice cream they brought my son served in a teardrop shaped ice bowl, literally a bowl made of ice, placed in dry ice so that it smoked when it came to the table is something I am sure he will never forget nor will I.  It was his first fine dining experience and it opened his eyes to a fun food culture that we can experience as a family.  For my buck, this is the epitome of what a fine dining establishment should be.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. The restaurant is a best kept secret., located in a hotel in the French Quarter. I recommend this restaruant to everyone I know. It is very small, great for romantic dining and conversations. Their service is the best I've had yet. I dined there when they had their "Asian" inspired menu and everything I had was deliciousHad dinner here on Friday night...great food, and a nice atmosphere.Went with a buddy and his family for his and his mom's birthday. The company was great, but everything else was just alright. We went with the four course option. Rabbit 5 ways, sweetbreads, and bananas foster french toast were the highlights. Redfish was blah. I heard the lobster was good, but it looked tiny. Pretentious, but sometimes I'm in the mood for that. Great location and ambiance. Over-priced, but I wasn't paying so four stars.Stella! was an amazing, amazing meal. We did the 7 course tasting menu with the wine pairing and loved it. Favorite courses were the glazed foie gras with citrus and the lamb/lamb neck. Both were incredible and worked perfectly with the wine. The rest were obviously still delicious, but those two were stand outs. As a foodie, it was quite an experience and I would recommend to anyone willing to shell out the money and sit down for a good 4 hours. 
The service was great. Waiters were friendly and interesting to talk to if you chatted them up a bit. Clearly they are all food lovers, and I applaud that. 
Tip: keep the menu with you during the entire meal so you can have a better idea of exactly what you're eating. This way you can make sure to note things you might not remember after they announce the course.The food here is absolutely amazing! I had Japanese Sea Bass and it was by far the best I've ever tasted. However, I only gave it 4 stars because the service was just ok.I was advised to go here by a wealthy family friend. Sure wish I had not listened. Specialty drinks are amazing, but that is where it stops. I bought a 1986 bottle of Chateau Margeaux for dinner and sadly the ding-bat hostess seats 4 men off the street RIGHT NEXT TO OUR RESERVED table. They began making lewd comments in spanish. Morons didn't realize I could understand every crude word. Definately one of the stupidest dining experiences I have ever been forced to deal with. They moved us, but not before feeling completely dressed down and verbally violated. 
Heirloom tomato salad was bitter and tough - much like chewing on lemon rinds
Duck Confit was also disappointing. I want duck, NOT duck stock in an espresso cup. 
I spent way too much money for this experience to be this disappointed. I won't ever go back.Took a date here last night. We had a nice time. The food was delicious, service was very good. We did the four course menu which was absolutely perfect in portion sizes.
Highly recommend the prawns and the duck five ways.  
Pacing was fine. I didn't expect an authentic European dining experience that would last three and half hours. We were there for about two hours with just a short wait on our table. 
It is a little spendy so manage your expectations. All in it was over $250 with only one glass of wine each. 
Also, it ain't the Olive Garden so if you are expecting to stuff yourself like a bear before hibernation this isn't going to be your thing. 
One for the bucket list. Now on to others in town to discover. :)This review is from an August  2008 Trip To New Orleans.
My husband and I lived in New Orleans prior to Katrina, so we are very familiar with the famous restaurant scene. Now that we no longer live there, when we do visit, we make it a point to try places we haven't already been to and the list is certainly getting shorter. 
On this particular trip we decided Stella would be our new restaurant to experience. It certainly did not disappoint!!
Service - Five Stars
There were 4 in our group and it was a Saturday night so the restaurant was very busy, but the service was top notch.
Bartenders - Five Stars
Everyone in our group had different mixed drinks and commented on how well made they were.
Chef Surprises - Five Stars
Our first surprise was sent by the chef... a delightful wonton in a yummy sauce. See my photo.  It was a party in the mouth and a great start to the meal.
Appetizers  & Main Courses - Five Stars
The appetizer was fantastic crispy veal gyozas with a maple bay leaf lightly tempura fried and the dipping sauce was exquisite. 
My husband had a beef dish and all the ladies had the scallop dish. 
As the meal progressed every bite seemed to get better and better. 
The way the chef incorporates surprising flavors and textures is just amazing!
Deserts + more - Five Stars
For desert we shared the bananas foster with pecans YUM! Right before they bring the check we were delighted once more with tiny fresh strawberry marshmallow bites and cinnamon merengues instead of the typical mints. Nice touch!!
Over all - Five Stars
All in all this was one of the best restaurant experiences we have had in the city and definitely in my Top 5 New Orleans Restaurants. The ambience is romantic & perfect for a special celebration like  anniversaries or birthdays. I say this because you need to be prepared to shell out some serious cash- it is quite expensive, but definitely well worth it!!!! 
BTW you will need reservations and remember it is a nice restaurant so dress accordingly. You will still see some tacky tourists show up dressed inappropriately which is unfortunate, but it is New Orleans and their money is green too. Hope your experience is as good as ours.This restaurant was in a word - amazing. The food was something of a treat, especially the lobster. You and your table have to choose if you want the 4 course meal or 7 course meal, so that the presentation is harmonious around the table. We selected the 4 course since there were options for each course so that allowed for some flexibility. I had the deviled egg with caviar and creme fraische (OMGGGGG yum), and then veal sweet breads, lobster, and bananas foster. I also elected to get the wine pairing which made for a lovely supplemental taste, and they do the selection for you so no fuss. Yay.
The chairs were comfy, and ambiance great. If you need to impress a girl, fellas, this is the place! 
The only negative I should mention is the cost. This wasn't an issue for us as it was a company paid for dinner. However, with 6 people, 5 of whom got the wine pairing ($60 extra pp) and two who had the lobster 3rd course (a $15 extra charge), our bill came to $1,300. Yeah. BUT, it is totally worth the money, especially if you aren't the one spending it! I would estimate a 4 course dinner for two, with the wine pairing and filet instead of lobster would be around $85+$60+$85+$60= ~$300. If you can afford it, do it. It is one of those bucket list experiences.I would give my experience at Stella! a C-. Given the fact that I came without doing much homework on what to expext I didn't have expectations. What I do expext in a restaurant is hot soup, a proper utensil to eat it with. I felt the menu was limited and the waiter inattentive.  For just over $300.00 for 2 people I walked away very disappointed.one of my top 5 meals ever! we had the 7 course tasting menu with wine pairing. it was the most expensive dinner i've had, but it was honestly worth every penny. i don't recall all of the dishes, but everyone of them was amazing. i'd highly recommend stella to anyone wanting an exceptional meal as long as money isn't a factor.This review is from my experience a few year ago.  I was looking for a place to celebrate my birthday in NOLA. It seems like everywhere I went I heard people raving about Stella!.  The decor was cozy, but not spectacular or memorable. It took about 10 minutes for our server to grace us with his presence, although we were the only table in the whole restaurant. 
The server went over the daily specialties - one of them was kobe beef specially flown from Japan, kept in a storage for 90 days to relax and tenderize meat muscles. The price was 18 dollars for 1oz. And to smooth the deal, the beef will come with the picture of cow (my jaw dropped when he said that), its date of birth and something else. At first I thought he was joking. I don't want to see a picture of a cow that I am eating.
We ordered Louisiana Prawns as an appetizer, I think I had chilean sea bass or some other fish. My friend ordered "the shrimp dish" as he called it (it was the only shrimp entree on the menu). The server said : "Shrimp again?" We were a bit surprised at his question. Only later when we got our entrees I realized why. The server ordered 2 prawn appetizers - one as an entree for my friend. For such a fancy place the server didn't even know a difference between prawns and shrimps??? On top of everything, he didn't even apologize and never said something like, sorry I misunderstood you. Instead, he just dropped "well, thats why asked if you really wanted to eat shrimps again." What? 
I'd like to add that most of the night I had to ask for my water to be topped off. You go to Olive Garden or some other crappy chain place, and they always make sure that your drinks are full. 
Overall, the servers attitude was condescending and unwelcoming. 
The manager did not offer to take the second prawn dish off the bill. We didn't argue or said anything, just paid the bill and left with a feeling as if someone took a dump in our souls. Definitely not a stellar experience, far far far from a great experience.
Certainly not worth the price.
On the plus side, the presentation of the dishes was some of the best I've seen. My entree was a little boring and lacked flavor.Horrible, just horrible.
The space is very cool and, upon arrival, we were presented with some terrific focaccia  bread and a very nice amuse.  That is where the good part of the evening ended.
Exactly one hour and five minutes after we placed our order, the appetizers arrived.  This is on a Tuesday night, when the restaurant is, at best, half full.
My food was OK, not great. My wife, who doesn't eat red meat, ordered the scallops and was specifically told the andouille sausage would be served on the side, which it wasn't and covered her entire dish.  She tried to scrape it off, but it was impossible and she ate, at most, 1/4 of the entree and returned the rest.  I have never been to a restaurant of this supposed "stature" where, if you return 3/4 of your entree uneaten, that the restaurant doesn't even at least inquire if there is a problem.  I guess Stella just doesn't care.
Since the restaurant took so long, we had basically drank our bottle of wine by the time the entrees arrived, so I ordered an extra glass of wine to get us thru the meal.  Comped? Of course not.
We paid well over $300 for a meal for 2 people and were extremely disappointed.  We live in the city of Chicago and certainly aren't cheap and know what a good meal should cost - this place is crazily overpriced for the quality of food and the service received.
Horrible, just horrible.They stole my wallet. The service was excellent but stuffy unlike most fine dining establishments nationwide. The wine recommended by the sommelier was mediocre. Other than some out of reach Bordeaux's there was nothing impressive other than the prices. I ordered a bottle without help that was far superior to what he selected. The food was beautifully served and some items were excellent. Overall the entire meal was singularly unimpressive and very expensive for the product that was delivered.  I was very disappointed because the proprietors other restaurant is fun and the food is good. I won't go back.Wish I could give 3.5 stars.  Setting is quaint in a quiet part of the French Quarter.  We were seated in the room that fronts the street.  Unfortunately, there was an exptremely loud table of 6 right in the middle of the room. Not the fault of the restaurant, but wow was it awful.  Once they left, it was so much more enjoyable. We found service to be casual and friendly, not at all stuffy.  Food was very good but for us lacked the wow factor despite the presentation and taste.  Amuse Bouche was served in awkward dish with a fork that was too large for the dish and kept falling off and we didn't know what to do with it. Pllus the servings were so small it was almost not worth the work to get it out of the damn holes in the dish.  Had the soup salad and sandwich for my app..Sandwich was interesting but cold and greasy.  soup was great; salad a huge disappointment.  Beets were so tasty but so teeny and the vinagarette almost non existent.  Husband had vichysoisse with lump crab was very generous.  Had the scallops and shrimp and it was delish.  Wanted to lick the plate.  Best part by far was the bananas foster french toast.  Could have taken home for breakfast.  The little extras at the end of the meal were just boring and in some cases plain awful.  Quite a disappointment. Glad we had the experience.  Probably wouldn't return...Why not 5 stars? Like others have said, the wine list is overpriced. Other than that, the food was amazing. It was different that other restaurants in the Quarter, but I thought the food was clever and delicious. Dessert was also amazing. I will go back again.Having just had a 5 course 'meal of a lifetime' at Gary Danko in San Francisco recently, I was ready to put Stella to the test and see how they rated with their 7 course meal.  
Notes about the restaurant itself before we talk food:  it's formal, white glove dining in a nice, quiet setting.  I ate solo at a table for two and they didn't bat an eyelash when I pulled out my book to read between courses (there is not much else to do or see).  If you are not comfortable in quiet, fine dining environments, this place may not be for you.  Some may call this pretentious - it didn't bother me but I have eaten in some super nice places and in dives...this is the super nice place.
I did the 7 courses and I did the wine pairing with each course.  The sommelier was great in describing the wines and he even wrote one down that I really really loved so I can buy it myself.  The food was beautiful and really tasty!    I think it beats Gary Danko in overall quality of each course.  The only thing I missed with a good cheese course.  They did 2 dessert courses instead.  
If you love a good chef's menu multi course dining experience, I recommend doing that with the wine pairings.  You will not regret it although your wallet might hurt a bit.This was, hands down, the best meal I've had in months, which is saying something because I don't shy away from great food or great restaurants. We dined here on Easter evening. The ambiance was elegant, the service attentive from all staff members, but the food was magnificent!. All courses were amazing but  the appetizers were the super shining stars. I tried things on this menu that I've never had before and never new I was missing. We savored every bite. What a treat and a meal so memorable that it will remain with me always. I hope to return next time we make it to NOLA. Bonus points awarded for the policy forbidding cell phone use for those needing a lesson in dining etiquette.An unfortunately disappointing experience - damning at this price point.  While there were definite highs and some definite lows, there was also an unfortunate lacking of creativity in the dishes as well.
Amuse:  kimchi shrimp with mango shot.  My shrimp had a large piece of shell that seemed out of place.  The flavor was good, but there was no heat.  The shot was tasty, but bland and would also have benefitted from some spice.
First course:  the gnocchi.  This is a pretty standard preparation with Parmesan and sweet corn in a creamy sauce.  The addition of andouille sausage and tomato confit added very nice touches of smoke and acid. The flavors were balanced and very good.  However, in a time saving shortcut, the gnocchi had been cooked in the sauce instead of lightly and pan fried separately.  This resulted in them having no crust or color and was detrimental to the dish.  At this price point, I don't think shortcuts like that are appropriate.
Second course:  Foie Gras.  This was also a very standard preparation.  A small apple spring roll had been added to the plate in order, I assume, to try to differentiate the dish.  The roll was tasty, but didn't really add anything, though it didn't detract either.  I would quibble the my foie was noticeably cold which suggested it had been waiting to be plated perhaps a few minutes too long.  A minor ding, along with brioche cut a bit too thick to easily cut through.  Overall though, a great tasting dish, just very boring and standard.
Third Course:  Carrot medley:  I think this dish was supposed to be fun and avant guard.  It came to us on a plate covered in waves and corrugations.  In these various nooks, channels, and crannies were to be found two kinds of carrot sorbet, alginated carrot juice, a carrot salad with 'cloud' on it, carrot confit, and crumbles of carrot cake spread throughout.  The alginate was fun and executed well. It's membrane was the right thickness and burst easily in your mouth.  The juice was ok, again. Lacking much in the way of punch - it probably would have benefited from being reduced more before encapsulation.  Of the sorbets, the light one was sweet without much flavor while the dark one was much better and nicely carrotty.  The carrot cake crumbles were delicious and went very well with the sorbets and the carrot salad hidden under 'cloud'.  The salad was also good though the 'cloud', was unnecessary and didnt add any flavor.  The carrot confit was also good but had no relationship to the rest of the dish.  Overall, this dish was a real low point for the meal - there seemed to have been very little in the way of critical thought or editing in the conception, and I felt I was looking more at the results of a brainstorming session of 'what are all the things we can make with carrots' than 'which of these work well together and why'.  On a similar note, foams and alginate spheres are pretty standard mg flares that weren't that shocking to begin with and aren't shocking at all now.  While both are perfectly legitimate techniques, before just tacking them on, a chef really needs to rigorously debate how they enhance the dish.  If they don't, no matter how cool you might think they are, they shouldn't be on the plate.  These didn't.  Also, it's foam...calling it 'cloud' just makes it seem like a failed attempt at pretension.
4th Course - duck five ways - Szechuan breast, fried wonton with foie inside), moo shoo, a lacquered leg, and a duck miso broth.  I enjoyed this dish the best of the night...however even here there were serious issues:
The miso broth was great - however, it definitely seemed very tacked on when the other preparations were all Chinese and sweet and this was Japanese and fishy/smoky
The duck breast was delicious and cooked and carved beautifully...but there was no chili, no Szechuan peppercorn, and no fermented black bean.  So I had trouble figuring out what made it Szechuan.
The moo shoo was really tasty, but was also duckless.  Was it really duck 4 ways?
The wonton was nice, not exciting on it's own, but pleasant.
The lacquered leg was a little dry perhaps, but I liked that.  But I couldn't really figure out what it had been lacquered with since all I could taste was the duck - not an unwelcome thing, just confusing.
Since we hadn't really been blown away by anything, we skipped dessert.  However they brought us a small selection of petit fors which were delicious and really a high point for the meal.
I'm being very critical because at this price point and restaurant level, the details really matter.  Similarly, I was a little disappointed because the flavor profiles were so traditional and I had been expecting more deviations and for the deviations to be an integral part of the dishes rather than just tacked on garnishes when the did appear.
I'm not sorry we went, but I had come in with very high expectations, and the reality just didn't match up.  Service was friendly, attentive, and helpful.Stella! is so overrated, like so many of the "fine dining" restaurants in New Orleans. It was pretty much over for me when they brought out butter for the rolls that had "refrigerator funk." Stale, old butter is just inexcusable, especially when the appetizers are $20 and up. Oh, and those are really, really small appetizers. At least the mains were a good size but mine (the duck five ways) was very inconsistent. The wontons were good but the duck breast was seared incorrectly and the moo-shoo pancake was gross. The wine list is really expensive with the cheapest bottle about $40. I wouldn't eat here again.I was trying to decide on a restaurant for our "fine dining" night during our four-day visit to NOLA. My only criteria were walking distance from Bourbon where our hotel was and not too stuffy or old-school (so no Galatoire's or Commander's Palace). I actually had a reservation at August, but decided to go with Stella after a friend had a bad experience at August. And boy, am I glad I did!
Stella would be unique in any city, let alone New Orleans, where as a tourist, you can easily end up eating something fried and something with sausage every meal if you're not careful. The chef is up and coming and very, very creative and unfraid to try anything. The cuisine is heavily Asian-influenced, but not to the point where I'd call it "Asian fusion". 
The foie gras app was pan-seared to perfection and plated beautifully with a surprising amount of color (I truly believe in the saying that you eat with your eyes first -- if it don't look good, it probably don't taste good). The duck 5-ways entree was innovative and the meat very tender. There were a few minor missteps with strange flavor combinations in the veal and shrimp gyoza with peanut sauce, and the over-spiced bouillabaise BUT (and this the reason why Stella still deserves 5 stars) I applaud the inventiveness and daring experimentation. And in every dish, regardless of the flavor, the meat/seafood/vegetables/rice/etc. was cooked to the perfect level of tenderness/firmness/etc. Presentation was gorgeous on everything.
I'm not usually a fan of European dishes with Asian flavors because I'm so familiar with the flavors that I can't help but be hyper-critical. Stella was definitely an exception. 
And you must get the dessert tasting for $39. It's a portion of every dessert on the menu; the 4 of us could barely finish half of it but it was worth every penny, as was our entire meal.
The wine list is also very good and reasonably-priced. Service is impeccable.Excellent experience. Yes it is expensive.   Started with the frozen Vodka at the bar which was fun to watch. Fois Gras BLT was great (although small for the price). 
Everyone loved their main dishes and service was friendly, proper and helpful. 
This place is in a totally different league than Commanders.This was the best restaurant I have ever been to and I have been to a lot of restaurants.  I tried the tasting menu which was seven courses.  All portions were small but after seven courses I promise you will be full.  The risotto was amazing!  They also used 100 year old balsamic vinegar which I thought was pretty interesting.  
The service is what made the night.  Our waitress was very informative about the area and other good restaurants.  Everyone in the restaurants worked in sync.  Our food was delivered to the table piping hot right from the kitchen.  The staff did not wait until our waitress was ready to serve us but instead they all served our plates to make sure that the food did not get cold.  The chef even came out to make sure everyone was enjoying their dinner.
Stella also had a great wine list.  They had a wine pairing with the tasting menu but it cost about as much as the tasting menu so just ordered from the wine list.  The semmolier was extremely knowledgeable and helpful.Having to write this review for Stella is very upsetting for me.  I had an amazing time in New Orleans and tasted some of the most wonderful foods I have yet to encounter (having been to many countries in Asia and Europe).  However, Stella definitely did not make my list of memorable dinning experiences.
My friend and I did some research prior to our trip and decided that we would splurge one evening and treat ourselves to a high end restaurant.  We read through several menus and reviews and decided that Stella looks like an innovative fine dining restaurant with a creative menu.  We made reservations in person as we explore the French Quarters and after we saw the venue (very pretty!) we were really excited about our dinner the next night.  Upon arrival we felt a extreme stiffness in the air, unlike everywhere else we have been in New Orleans.  Note that we are from Boston, so we are used to uptight, stiffy environments but this was way worse.  After the long almost ceremonial services the wait staff provide to get you started on dinner, we finally decided that the tasting menu (our original plan) looked dull and we would order:
(1) Louisiana Gulf Shrimp and Chanterelle and Lobster Mushroom Risotto with English Peas, Local Scallions and Virgin Olive Oil
(2) Lobster, Eggs and Truffles ~ Canadian Lobster, Clyde's Farm Araucana Egg and Italian Summer Truffles
(3) Salad with lump crab meat and avocado salsa.
(4) Duck Five Ways ~ Szechwan Seared Breast, Lacquered Leg and Thigh, Moo Shoo Pancake Stir-Fry, Duck Miso Broth, Foie Gras Won Tons and Currant Cassis Reduction
(5)Miso and Sake Glazed Japanese Mero Seabass with Udon, Green Tea and Soba Noodles, Petite Asian Greens and Shark's Fin, Crab and Lobster Broth
The risotto was delicious, good portion for appetizer and I was highly satisfied.  However, everything started going downhill from there on.  The lobster/egg/truffle dish was very original and appealing but the semi-cooked egg and truffle over powers the whole thing and I didn't even know what I was eating--it was rather confusing, not in a very good way.  The crab meat salad had decent amount of crab in it, but almost no "salad"--it was taken over by an army avocado (I love avocados btw, but that was way too much) and didn't have the crisp refreshing lightness a salad should have.
The entrees turn out to be the most disappointing of the evening.  Duck Five Ways felt like a waste of a perfect opportunity for the chef to do some cool tricks and the Seafood Udon was just...common.  The seared breast (tender) and the Foie Gras Won Tons (juicy/tasty) were the only part of the dish that we  thought was done at a reasonable standard but nothing extraordinary.  The duck miso soup tasted nothing like miso soup and was way too salty and weirdly sweet.  The Lacquered Leg and Thigh was a complete waste a good piece of duck meat, it was all black and hard and I seriously cannot describe how strange it was.  The Udon was nothing special, I thought it was a disservice to the amazing ingredient involved.
****For all those people out there impatient to read my super long review, read this part**** 
Other than the not-so-impressive foods, Stella's service was ceremonial and CREEPY!  I enjoy high end fine dining service but it was different this time.  The wait staff literally would not "leave you alone" standing at every corner of the room, STARING as you eat and drink...watching your every move... while they "WHISPER" into each others ears chit-chatting about who knows what.  So, were we being spied?  I don't know, but it sure felt like it.
I hope they read yelp and will try to improve their restaurant, it has so much potential but it was so disappointing.Stella is A+++++ excellent!! The service is white-glove (literally) and above and beyond. The food is creative, thoughtful and most of all delicious! A great place for a romantic date. Ended the night with the grilled cheese dessert which was RIDICULOUS - cheese and chocolate all melted together and lightly fried - it was great and so so wrong at the same time. Definitely couldn't finish it after the excellent meal that preceded it!Wow, what a wonderful dinner, served in a delightful and creative manner with a wonderful, professional staff.  Would definitely recommend to anyone wanting a unique dining experience.I will gladly eat here anytime someone else is paying.  If asked, Stella is my response to the question "What's the best restaurant in New Orleans?"  The chef's menu with the sommelier's wine pairing is all I've ever ordered and I don't see what that should ever change.  I say to the waiter, "I'm in their playground, let's see them play."  And I have always been impressed.  Of course, I'd be happy to have more opportunities to confirm the views expressed in this review, if only someone else offers to pick up the bill on behalf of this proletarian Yelper.Amazing! The food and presentation is beyond compare...yes it is pricy though. Out of all the places in N.O. this is the place to splurge if you can only choose one.I took my boyfriend to Stella! for his birthday...the service was amazing...from the amuse bouche through the handmade truffles and to go birthday treat. The food was inventive and intricate...maybe a few too many things going on [i.e. oysters three way, duck five ways, etc]. We'd probably try the Chef's Tasting Menu if we were to go back [we live in San Francisco]. 
The dining room itself feels a little old and somber, but if you have 4 or less people, definitely try to go to the courtyard...although, be warned the hotel guests may occasionally wander through trying to find the pool, so they may spoil the serene atmosphere [half are drunk coming right from Bourbon]. 
This will definitely be a place that we recommend to friends.I give this two stars because Stella IMO used to be a 4 or 5 star place but it has lost its luster ver the years.  The waitstaff has become lazy and the food quality has taken a turn down bland and unexciting drive.  Its a shame because this place used to really stand out as a top eatery in NOLA.You know... I grade on a scale... And if you're going to work to be a great restaurant and fine dining experience, you need to be that level. And, unfortunately, Stella missed on that front.
I was in town for a conference with a friend, and one of the traditions we have is to find a great restaurant go dine at. We wanted to get back into Commander's Palace, but unfortunately they were closed so we found our way here based on numerous recommendations.
The restaurant itself is very nice and quaint. Cute dining room, and certainly a peaceful setting. So far, so good.
After settling in we were greeted by our two servers and ordered cocktails. We knew we wanted to do the tasting menu as it was, so we placed or order, sipped our cocktails and were looking forward to a nice, relaxing night of food, wine and conversation.
And that's when the evening went sideways. Before we were done our cocktails we already had an amuse bouche in front of us. And then another. And then champagne for the first course and then the first course. It was just in that rapid fire succession, and that was the theme for the night.
Here's the thing. If I'm at a restaurant with a 7 course tasting menu, I'm in it for the long haul. I want to be able to relax and enjoy my food. But during the entire meal we weren't able to. We'd finish our food and were instantly greeted by the next dish. At one point I still had a half a glass from the previous course in front of me when we were served the next course. Finally my friend looked at me and said, "Just relax. Enjoy your wine. We'll get to the food when we feel like it." We basically held our own strike.
The service was just off.
As for the food, on the whole it was quite good. The scallops were outstanding. The beef cap was delicious. And the first dessert - a spin on strawberries and cream - was wonderful. The biggest miss was the second dessert - it was a beet based dish with sesame rocks and chocolate. To a certain extent it felt like I was on the set of Chopped and the basket contained those ingredients. While I enjoy savory desserts and beets, you can't overcome the overpowering flavor of beets.
I will give Stella another shot. I did enjoy the food, it really was just the service that I didn't enjoy.I really wanted to love Stella! - my husband and I very much looked forward to going there during JazzFest - but we don't understand what all the fuss is about. 
The good things first: The room is lovely and Stella! has a very nice, albeit somewhat too-formal, atmosphere. The service is very good, attentive, informative. The bread was wonderful - both the rustic rye and especially the duck-fat rolls - were delicious. We should know because we had three orders of the bread...because we were hungry!
Which brings me to my biggest problem with Stella! I like good food, and I don't need huge portions, but for goodness sake if I'm ordering a four-course meal for $65 I'd like courses that are bigger than a teaspoonful of food. The food I had was fine: beef and oyster tartare, sweetbreads with carrots, duck three ways - though none of it was particularly memorable. What I do remember is that I had two precious bites of each course, and then the food was gone!  I also have to say that the dessert - a riff on bananas foster - was a mess. Little, tiny bites of spongy things that all tasted mildly banany-ish but also oddly synthetic. It was confusing and not good. Wine pairing was also not great, but that may just be where my taste in wine diverges from that of the sommelier, which is something I can easily forgive. 
What's not forgivable is that the meal cost $400 and I had to go home and make my husband scrambled eggs b/c he was hungry. I appreciate fine dining but come on!This restaurant is close to perfect.  The food is exceptional in every way, tasty, interesting, creative, and well presented.  There are nods to many culinary currents including molecular gastronomy and the fusion of various cultural cuisine.  While the creativity exercised seems boundless the focus on integration and harmony is never sacrificed.  It is clear that Stella intends dining to be a memorable experience as the service is extremely precise without being stuffy, pretentious or self conscious.  The selection of wines by the glass is particularly appealing both in quality and creativity.  Perhaps what surprised me the most was the value.  While Stella may be slightly more expensive that other fine restaurants, it is more than worth the difference.I ate here 5 days ago & still wake up thinking about the foie gras torchon.. seriously, it may earn the distinction of the most amazing thing I've consumed to date. It basically was foie wrapped around pistachio butter, but somehow tasted like white chocolate - i can't even do it justice.. I wanted to somehow roll around it in it .. - i think there was one bite with just the right amount of salt , that I may have blacked out for a minute.... My dining companion actually felt like we shouldn't be eating it because it was that good & decadent . 
OK , enough about the foie. 
Something to note is that I have Celiac Disease & have no choice but to eat Gluten Free. I usually stay away from tasting menus as I don't like to have to ask the Chef to alter their "vision" so to speak to my needs.. but I mentioned my issue to the hostess when they called to confirm the booking & she said it was no problem. 
When we were seated , the main waiter was informed and told me that the tasting menu & everything else could be adapted. I was also visited by the manager to double check exactly what was OK . Wow- to me that kind of service is greatly appreciated. I have dined at Michelin starred restaurants that have not taken that kind of care to follow up. Also having them mention it first made me feel so less awkward about my "food issue" -they even thought to serve me a bread alternative rather than leave my side plate empty ..So I kind of already loved them before the first amuse bouche even hit the table... 
We did the Chef's tasting menu - which while pricey is amazing. 
There was not one flaw in the 2 amuse, 7courses, mignardise- meal. Each course came & was a nice progression of textures & flavors. The servers were upbeat.. and some how managed to pull off a very formal service yet make it feel comfortable & accessible. I suspect they could ratchet it up to full snob level if that's what the table required-I did notice several "white hairs' In there.. 
All in all - Stella is truly a gem , the meal made me smile & I plan on going there each time I visit New Orleans, maybe not the full tasting , but definitely will be back! 
...Stella! was everything it was cracked up to be. The whole time, my date and I were in shock that this place had received poor reviews lately. Go, you will love it. There wasn't a single thing I tasted tonight that I didn't love. For my main dish I had veal topped with crab meat. It was cooked in such a way that the veal actually tasted like crab and it was amazing.We canceled our reservation at August and went with Stella instead, and were very happy with it.  We were seated in the front room, which has a rough brick wall and windows looking onto Chartres.  The space is understated but very pleasant.
Service was attentive without being smothering.  They made one of the better Sazeracs I enjoyed in NOLA, which was a treat.
We could not handle the 7 course tasting menu, so we went a la carte.  A fruit salad amuse bouche was a nice start.  The foie gras appetizer was exquisite, as was the veal chop.  The popcorn crusted fish was stunningly good.  Loved the grilled cheese sandwich dessert (that's right, grilled cheese sandwich for dessert!) made with chocolate ganache, triple cream cheese and a buttery, light bread.
Our best meal in New Orleans...While Stella does not provide an authentic New Orleans experience, it serves up other culinary masterpieces.  The quaint dining rooms provide an intimate, cozy experience.  The larger rear room is perfect for groups and business dining, while the front area drapes munching couples in romantic candlelight.  This section is often referred to as the "garden", though it is completely enclosed.  The dining rooms are joined by a small bar, where patrons sample upscale cocktails, chat amongst themselves, and are educated by professional bartenders.  
Though we had a reservation, my friend and I had to wait about twenty minutes for our table to be ready.  We passed the time with some potent cocktails recommended by the bartender.  We shared a spot at the bar with other New Orleans visitors, listening to their conversation about the balance of their itinerary and their travels through the French Quarter.  
We soon arrived at our peaceful table in the "garden" room, where we weighed our options between the prix fixe tasting menu and the a la carte samplings.  Unfortunately, the meal was culminating our first evening in this foodie city, so we had spent a large portion of the afternoon already hoarding food all over the Quarter.  We were ill-prepared and not hungry enough for the tasting dinner.  We opted to go a la carte and based our choices on suggestions from our gracious waiter.  Everything sounded delicious on the Asian-inspired menu, so his assistance really helped narrow down our options.  We decided to forgo appetizers, but thoroughly enjoyed our amuse bouche, which was a spoonful of sweet mango puree dotted with a crisp rock shrimp.  My entree of Miso and Sake Glazed Japanese Mero Seabass was perfectly cooked and served over a tangled web of Udon, Green Tea and Soba Noodles.  A fragrant broth of Shark's Fin, Crab and Lobster enhanced the flavor of the delicate topping of elegant Asian Greens.  My friend's Duck Five Ways included a spiced Szechwan Seared Breast, savory Lacquered Leg and Thigh, Moo Shoo Pancake tower, shot of Duck Miso Broth, and crisp Foie Gras Wontons with a Currant Cassis Reduction dipping sauce.  Each piece of the dish provided a different look into the world of the Chinese duck delicacy.  The flavors complimented each other without overpowering.  The Wontons were extremely rich and my absolute favorite sampling from the platter.  
We were stuffed after our day of food bliss, but a look at the dessert menu left us drooling with necessity.  We decided to share the Grilled Cheese Sandwich with Triple-Crme Cheese and Dark Chocolate Ganache.  The thick, buttery bread was slathered with gooey cheese and rich ganache.  The odd cheese-chocolate combination actually worked, and well at that!  The sandwich was overly greasy for a dessert, but the flavors were spectacular and unique.  Crisp chocolate truffles provided a reassuring last impression when served with the hefty bill.
The exclamation mark at the end of the "Stella!" name is a well-deserved punctuation for a truly fabulous dining experience.  As our waiter wisely put it, we "should have saved Stella! for our final meal"; no other restaurant could live up to it.What an amazing meal!!!!! My husband and I went here this evening as part of our honeymoon celebration. our waiter, Ryan, was so attentive to detail. He was waiter and sommelier all in one. I really appreciated his explanations of all the wines we had in relation to the dishes we chose. Super knowledgeable and friendly. 
Stella has two dinner options: a 4-course prix fixe ($85 per person) where you get to choose from a selection of options and a 7-course chef's tasting ($125 per person) that is selected for you. My husband and I opted for the 4-course only because we wanted to choose different choices and taste each other's dishes!  We added on the wine pairing for an additional $60 per person. 
Delicious amuse bouche: some sort of fried beets - It was one bite of deliciousness!
Every dish was incredible and wowed our taste buds. I think my dessert is hands down the best dessert I've ever had. See photos for details. The wines were absolutely perfect pairings. Service was wonderful - we felt like kings and queens. We also ordered one cocktail each before dinner and those were quite tasty as well - as was the DELICIOUS bread. 
After the four courses, we received four chocolates each - they were AMAZING. Because it was our honeymoon, they threw in an extra 2. Our coffee orders were free. 
Seriously - amazing meal. We've eaten at some of the country's best restaurants and thsi is definitely among my top 3.What a wonderful restaurant! I wish I could give it 4.5 stars and there is some room for improvement, but overall the best food I had in New Orleans and very creative.
Highlights: oyster shooter appetizer, gnochi appetizer with shaved truffles (amazing!), striped bass which my girlfriend said was some of the best fish she's ever had, and the popcorn crusted fish was quite good (though not incredible). The rolls were also a cross between biscuits and bread and quite good, as were the mixed drinks. At its best, the food is memorable.
Negatives: service was just ok (they try hard to have a lot of servers circling around your table, but they miss on simple things like waiting 10 minutes for our jackets on the way out, the waiter acting like it was a very strange thing when we explained my girlfriend's allergy to an ingredient, etc..) and ambiance a little stuffy but not too bad. For food, beet salad was interestingly made with molecular gastronomy, but overly sweet and needed acidity and flavor, and amuse bouche of crawfish on a spoon with a sweet (mango?) sauce was decent but not exciting.
Overall, a few nit-picks but in general a wonderful dinner!5-stars is bold I know, but I must disclaim that this review is based on the tasting menu with the wine pairing. If you go that route, you will literally have some of the best dishes of your life. Yes, some are better than others, but having an A- course amongst A+ is no reason to hold back a star. It's expensive (2 people going this was about $430 with tip), but worth it if you're serious about food. 
The "fish and chips" is actually tempura battered with curried taro root chips and just one example of Chef Boswell balance of serious and playful. The one sub-par dish we had was the "chocolate cake with pink lemonade" only because the pink lemonade is like a mango(?) puree that just overpowered everything else. 
In terms of ambiance, it's a cool space with an intimate dining room feel. There also appears to be a gorgeous courtyard, but the weather wasn't working for anyone to eat outside the day we went."Stellaaaahhhh!!!" My theatre roots certainly appreciate the Tennessee Williams reference. My taste buds and eye for decor appreciated it even more...
Yes, Stella is pricey... I disagree with the reviewers who knock it down as a result. You pay for ambiance, uniquely rich and memorable dishes, and impeccable service. 
Plus, they have a caviar and vodka menu. What's not to love?! Definitely would love to return when we return to Nola!!Stella! ...is simply amazing and might as well be named Stellar... 
On a recent trip to New Orleans, I made reservation at Stella! mostly based on other Yelper's reviews as well as some cross checking with Zagat and other research. The reviews are all true! Stella! has to be on my top three best dinners of all time (so far). Let's review:
The cozy restaurant is located on the quieter corner of the French Quarter and is quite easy to get to, even when the crowd is out partying. You enter the building over a cobble stone driveway and from the side. There are 2 dining sections split by the restrooms and the bar. We were fortunate to be seated in the front part of the restaurant that is overlooking the street. This room hosts the smaller number of tables and is the cozier part of the restaurant (no disrespect to the "other" side...). The walls are lined with a velvet pattern fabric and have a few sconces as up lights (made from cut in half silver plate covers, or that is how they look...). Chairs are comfortable and the overall ambiance simply fits.
Service was exceptional. Noted were gloves for placing new silverware and a comment from an adjacent diner, that they had the same server the last time they were at Stella!.... I like is when staff stays, as this indicates to me excellent management.
And finally, the fare: we opted for the 7 course tasting menu...and it was the right choice; not a single course disappointed. They adjusted the course for allergies without altering the flavor profile. The highlight of the meal must have been the fingerling potato stuffed with lobster and topped with caviar and the Foie Gras...perfectly executed.
We will be back next time we are in town, and I can recommend this spectacular place for a (granted pricey) night out of town without reservation (you will need one though...).The "4 course" meal is $85.  We ordered 4 different horderves  and none of them were good.  Service was excellent, partly because we were the only ones in the place for most of the meal.  The main course was very good and the desert good.
Just don't believe this place is any where near the price they charge.Stellllahh! It's been far too long since I've been privy to Stella! and Chef Boswell's inventive menu. So long in fact, I was unaware they'd changed over to tasting only. No matter, you'll love the journey.
Stella! is elegantly decorated, intimate, yet unstuffy. The only knock of the evening was service. Although to be fair, we came in for a late meal during the middle of the week, so it was only a speed bump. For dueling dishes, opt for the four course, as we did. While I began with a unique play on Tartare - Beef and Oyster, my husband went with a more traditional Black Truffle-Foie Gras Terrine. The Tartare won hands down with it's beautiful play with the briny oysters, rich meat, and light pickled shallots to cut through it all. Next up, the Spicy Asian Chili Prawns are a menu staple for a reason. Served New Orleans style, head-on, the prawns are moist and delicate with of warming spice throughout. For the main course, my husband went with another menu classic, Duck Five Ways, and I diverged to the Roasted Prime Strip. If you've never experienced the duck, do so, with the confit leg by far my favorite due to its tender, melting, rich rendition. The Roasted Prime Strip, while expertly prepared, is just an steak without a wow. However, the Short Rib Pastrami, completely stole the show: marbled, smoky, and tender. Finally, for dessert, Mint Chocolate Mousse, was light, airy, and a perfect counter to all the heavy richness of the meal.Stella has the potential to be one of the best restaurants in the country, in my opinion. And I think they already have the hard part down. By this I mean the food. It was simply incredible. My BF is very, very picky about risotto, and he thought his was the best he's ever had. The food was very rich, in some cases a little richer than probably necessary, but oh my goodness it was good. I had scallops with an andouille hash that I will be thinking about for a long time. 
So what's wrong with the place? The service and set up. We arrived a little early and were seated at the bar which is in the middle of the restaurant and where they seem to do a lot of glass washing. Stinky steam and loud noises abound. You feel like you're having a cocktail in the back of the kitchen. And in terms of the cocktails... I asked for bourbon and soda on the rocks in a tall glass with some fresh mint (unsweet mint julep). The "bartender" (he deserves the quotes) worked on it for many minutes and what was delivered as a shot of bourbon up that had been muddled with mint. Uh? I reordered and it came back correct after many more minutes. Not a good experience at the bar at all. 
And while the service at the table was better, it was by no means up to par with the decor, food or prices. She was nice enough, but not efficient knowledgeable or very professional really. I am not asking for snooty or stuffy at all - casual is absolutely fine - but at a place of this calibre, the service should simply be a lot better. Oh and that drink... was $22. For a Woodford Reserve and soda with mint. I expressed dismay to my waitress (the drink was on our dinner bill - transferred) and she laughed and said "yeah that is a little ridiculous", shrugged and walked away. Uh... Not a great response. 
I hope the mgmt reads this because they have the potential to have a truly special place. What incredible food. But please, get the other parts in line - sloppy and thoughtless execution away from the food. too bad!Stella! was a wonderful experience. My girlfriend, her sister and I had a late dinner there a few days ago and we were very pleased with our meal. There was only one miss, my beef course, which was a bit bland and unimaginative. Aside from that the food was outstanding, especially the sweetbreads, foie gras, and all our deserts! 
The service was understated and accommodating, which is my preference. Our captain and waiters took great care of us despite our age (we're all pretty young) and readily accommodated the vegetarian in our party. The restaurant's ambiance is quite homey and intimate, with simple decor and styling. 
Stella! would be a great date restaurant, and I hope to go back soon for just that. The option between a 4 and 7 course menu is a great feature, as it opens the restaurant to some who may be more cost conscious. The courses on each menu mirror each other for the most part, so you aren't missing out by picking the shorter route!It's been a year since I've eaten at Stella, but I still feel so passionately about the experience that it's worth yelping about today, now that I've just started a profile. Two locals who lived in a beautiful home on the French Quarter recommended this place as to my boyfriend and I, who were visiting New Orleans for a week in the spring. I asked the lovely lady where I could wear a dress and have a meal to remember, and she said Stella. Indeed it was. I wore the dress, he wore crisp button down shirt, and the servers wore their own stylish suits. There were sprays of fresh flowers and little bud vases. There were intimate tables that didn't feel abandoned. When I think about impeccable service, inventive dishes, a perfect atmosphere, and all the other things that make a dining experience stand out in memory, I think of Stella. Including eating forays in Italy, New York, and Paris, this was one of the best three meals of my life.Flat out YUM! I had a ticket to burn and decided I would use it to fly to NOLA just to eat at this spot once more. 
Not a mistake. 
The chef heard we were in town just to eat there and made the visit extra special by treating our table to 4 yummy amuse bouche. 
The lobster egg appetizer and the duck 5 ways did not disappoint. Foodgasm like I've never had before--- well except for the last time I was there. 
The spicy prawns presentation was great...and indeed spicy. Really enjoyed the sauce my friend let me steal. Per my other friend, the sea bass was perfectly done, buttery perfection.
Great service and topped off with another treat for our patronage..a nice dessert tray. The ginger chocolates stood out among all the other great items on the plate!  
Lovely experience. Will come back every time I visit.What a disappointment. 
Let me start off with the positives. The place is beautiful and the mixalogist here pours, quite possibly, the best Negroni I have ever had. Unfortunately, that is it.
Named after one of the characters from "A Streetcar Named Desire", you have 3 choices of price fix menus.  A 4 course regular dinner, with 4 selections within each course; a vegetarian version of the 4 course (which absurdly is the same $85 as the regular dinner); and the seven course meal which is a $125, but does not allow you any choices on this menu  
I went for the 4 course which included the Foie Gras Torchon (eh...tasteless); Crispy Veal Sweetbreads (avoid); Roasted Prime Beef (Shoe leather); and Artisanal Cheeses (the best of the 4 course selection).
On top of the abysmal food, our main server's attitude reminded me of the sweetbreads....gray, tasteless and lacking personality.  In fact  I feel the only way we connected was when he unapologetically bumped into me each time he was at the table.
After experiencing such a great meal at Stanley's, I only wish i took a Streetcar past Stella!,  back to Stanley as I have no Desire to  return......unless it is for a Negroni, which is the ONLY reason it gets two stars.A highly-anticipated night of our New Orleans vacation. 
Our party of 6 was seated at a gorgeous round table in the middle of the dining room. The service was great. All the little details...I really enjoyed the special treatment! I ordered a specialty cocktail to start  and then focused on the menu. There were so many amazing-sounding dishes I was really having a hard time deciding, but I finally settled on a carrot in textures appetizer and the squab entree. The carrots came out on this funky, dimpled plate with each preparation in its own little divot. I think there were maybe 12 different styles? Spheres (my first experience with this molecular gastronomy technique), sorbets, you name it. My squab was delicious. Everyone else loved their meals as well, and the platings were all beautiful. The extra little treats they sent out were a nice touch. Very nice, upscale, intimate atmosphere.
Probably my most memorable dining experience ever. I was really blown away.As we seemed to do all the time, we arrived a bit early for our 9:00 p.m. reservations, and sat in the hotel's courtyard, enjoying the evening's balmy weather, until our table was ready. We were shown to our table, a very romantic table in the front room, which is filled with dark woods suffused with a warm, golden light. Our waitress was a woman named Catherine, and it was quite obvious she has a quite wonderful passion and an enthusiasm for the restaurant and its cuisine.
We began our meal with a first course of Maine Lobster, Wild Mushrooms and English Pea Parmesan Gnochi with Parmesan-Reggiano and Italian White Truffle Oil; and an "Oriental Tasting Menu," consisting of Lacquered Muscovy Duck Spring Roll with Wasabi-Whipped Potatoes, the Panko-Chilli Crusted Gulf Calamari with Spicy Cucumber Salad, and the House Kimchee with Grilled Marinated Beef. Both of these dishes were superb.
Our next course was a Soup of Pured Heirloom Squash with Smoked Bacon, Chiffonade of Spinach and Pumpkin Seed Oil (outstanding, perfectly smooth and silky, very flavorful and with wonderful complex accents added by the bits of bacon and pumpkin seed oil), and the Jumbo Lump Crab and Asparagus Salad with Dijon Vinagarette, Confit of Heirloom Tomatoes, Kalamata Olive Tapenade and Virgin Olive Oil (filled with sweet crab, crisp asparagus, ripe tomotoes -- truly delightful).
It was here that things turned decidedly for the worse, in two ways.
Our entres consisted of Cornmeal-Crusted Louisiana Soft-Shell Crab and Jumbo Lump Crab Cake with Spicy Heirloom Tomato-Tarragon Butter; and Marinated then Seared Breast of Mouillard Duck with Fois Gras Won Tons, Mooshu Pancake Stir-Fry and Currant-Cassis Reduction.
The Fois Gras won-tons and vegetables were delicious. The duck itself, on the other hand, was quite flavorful but surprisingly tough and chewy. And, worse, the Crab was far too heavily breaded and disappointingly bland, while the crab cake tasted of too much filler as to be nearly tasteless -- certainly neither the crab cake nor the soft shell were recognizable as fresh crab.
Far worse, however, was what was happening as the table next to us. To begin with, the party of six were joined, first by one and then another person. Squeezing eight into table designed for six was bad enough, especially when one "guest" (and I use that term advisedly) simply grabbed a chair from an empty table so that he could sit down -- causing Catherine to hurriedly grab a chair from yet another table to replace the first one, as the restaurant's hostess was at that moment trying to seat a couple for dinner at a table with only one chair. The two late-comers ordered no food, only drinks, and the atmosphere quickly turned loud and raucous.
Several people at the table were using their cell phones (both making and receiving calls), which the menu quite clearly states/requests patrons refrain from doing so, yet no one on the staff said or did anything, regardless of the fact that the five other parties in the room (and not just us) were -- if facial expressions or glances cast in the offending table's direction are any clue -- disturbed by their behavior.
Catherine apologized to us several times and was very understanding and sympathetic, yet no one from Management asked them to keep their voices down, or to finish their drinks at the bar, on the patio or elsewhere, and quite frankly neither Lynn nor I was really interested in how many stains were on one person's shirt from "Jell-o Shots" by the next morning, nor how sick his date got. Nor were we interested in how "crate-trained" a woman at the table had become under her boyfriend's tutelage.
We were literally forced to cut our dinner short, left before dessert and after-dinner drinks and both of us left with headaches because of the rowdy, obnoxious behavior at the table next to us and, to be perfectly honest, because of management's inability to maintain something even remotely resembling an atmosphere conducive to fine dining. I have been in the wine trade for 35+ years, working in and with restaurants for much of that time. Were this a private party, New Year's Eve or -- of course -- Mardi Gras, I could understand. But it wasn't. It was a romantic Sunday evening and what should have been a lovely, charming dinner.
Again, Catherine understood exactly why we left in such a hurry. When it took quite some time to receive our change (which shouldn't have been all that difficult, as we paid with two $100 bills on a $150 check), we wondered what was taking so long. I innocently thought that Catherine perhaps was explaining to someone why we were leaving so abruptly, or perhaps bringing someone to our table to apologize. But no. We were eventually brought our change and, after leaving Catherine a good tip (it wasn't really her fault, after all), we left Stella! for the peaceful calm of an evening in the Vieux Carr.Before you jump on me for giving Stella three stars and not five, please read my review.  Stella was a strange and amazing experience, but not one I am likely to repeat.
I went to Stella on a Thursday night with a friend with no expectations and lots of enthusiasm for what laid ahead.  We made reservations and were seated right away.  The dining room is pretty stuffy.  Its very quiet except for the music piped in.  Guests are very subdued unlike more lively places like Galatoires.  We ordered cocktails (including one for $22...) and looked over the menu.  I wanted to go with the tasting menu, but we wanted some things not on it, so we went a la carte.
The service was very formal (literally white gloved) but pleasant enough when we encouraged the servers to chat with us.  I can certainly see how some would regard the service as stiff and overwhelming.  It was almost to that point for me.
For our shared appetizer, we selected the fois gras BLT.  It was excellent, but we both realized that we are not culinarially equipped to eat a portion of fois gras the size of a hockey puck.  Still, it was the finest fois gras we' ever had.
The beet salad stole the show.  It featured a sweet, soft beet honey which we were instructed to eat first as the texture rapidly changes.  Also it had two different beet sorbets and a pile of beet-flavored foam (beet air).  Each different beet product was exquisite and a unique interpretation of beet.
I picked Duck 5 Ways as my entree.  The miso duck soup and the Moo Shoo Pancake Stir-Fry were the most outstanding styles on the plate, but all were great.  My dining partner ordered the scallops.  She was in scallop heaven.
For desserts, we chose the chocolate pink lemonade cake and the grilled cheese.  I was told the cake was originally served with a yellow lemonade, but the combination of yellow liquid and soft brown cake in a large white bowl was a little too reminiscent of the bathroom for diners to handle.  Thus the pink sauce.  The cake was a little too dry for my taste.  The grilled cheese dessert, however, was superb.  The delicate taste of the cheese came through wonderfully from the punch of the fruit sauce.
Overall, our meal was delicious with so many different tastes and textures occurring during our two hour eating extravaganza.  It was mentally and physically taxing.  My dining partner and I weren't sure if we would return.  Maybe I'm old fashioned (or even too contemporary?), but I don't think Stella was meant for me as a person who enjoys a great meal, but isn't the most hardcore foodie around town.  The prices are very high and simply put you can get a meal that's just as good but less complex and probably more fun at many other places.One of THE best meals I've ever had.  Excellent service, good tasting food, wonderful ambiance, terrific wine list.  Had customers from overseas with me and all agreed it was a good choice.  We talked about it even days afterward.The best restaurant I have ever eaten in.  Makes any other restaurant in NOLA pale in comparison.  This is a prefix only restaurant and the chef went out of his way to make my GF experience just as fantastic as my non- gluten free companions.  Do not go to NOLA without a trip to Stella but  you must make a reservation.  Anyone giving this place a bad review is either a goody snob with no taste for class or they just had a bad experience.  The service here is impeccable and cannot be beat.  The ambiance is fabulous.Food was possibly the best we have ever eaten! Def go with the chefs menu when u put yourself in his hands you will not be disappointed! The highlights of the meal were the pea soup which was hot poured over cold carrot ice cream! To die for!!! Also the multiple desserts were amazing!My husband and I went to Stella for our first anniversary. When the reservations were made, the person on the phone was told that I'd require a vegan meal. That was not problem.
When we first spoke to our server, she was told again that I'm vegan and that means no meat. I ordered the vegetarian dish. Five minutes later, an amuse bouche made with fois gras arrived at our table. Obviously not vegan and also slightly insulting. Shortly after that, my vegetarian plate arrived. It consisted of a few small veggies, a couple of tiny pieces of spring rolls, and the same non-vegan rice that came with my husband's seafood dish. The dish was unimaginative and lacked flavor. To be fair, my husband ordered a salmon dish and enjoyed it.
The service from our main server was terrible. I got one drink from the bar and she never came back to our table after bringing the first one. My husband ordered a coke to which the she said, "you'll have ice water." The manager apologized at the end of the meal and did not charge us for my drink. 
Restaurants in the south seem to lack the ability to cater to those who eat healthy or have diets different than the normal. I had high hopes for Chef Boswell's restaurant but was sadly disappointed. If they do not cater to special diets, then I would have appreicated knowing that before we made the trip there.Stella! is gourmet, creative, and just not my style.  I don't need 5 waiters, but they were all wonderful.  I don't need a silent restaurant, but it was beautiful.  The food was good and I wish I could try more dishes, but I won't.  It's just not AMAZING enough to deal with a stuffy atmosphere (unless that's what you're looking for).  Like I said, just not my style.Even though ove heard and read other wise, the tasting menu was superb. (Visited in 2012)I'm a 4star reviewer on this place.  It was good. Service was excellent. Not my favorite meal in NOLA, nor was it the favorite of my other 3 companions.  We went with the 4 course tasting menu with the wine pairing.  We just weren't as dazzled as some other people maybe.One of the best meals you will ever have. Do the 7 course tasting menu. The wine pairings were amazing. You will need reservations so plan ahead. Service was impeccable. I have eaten here twice in the last year and experience was the same. 
It is expensive. But for one of the best meals you will ever have this is what you should expect.We went to Stella! with high hopes.  The food was definitely above average, quite good, but we were expecting great.  The spicy Asian chili prawn appetizer was delicious, the duck cooked five ways was only average (the miso soup version was odd), and the tandoori salmon was cooked perfectly.  The service is good and attentive.  
But for me, I personally prefer good food in a less pretentious atmosphere.  I don't really need people hovering around me and for the dishes to be coordinated when being served or cleared. I guess the website is a clue - it plays Chopin's Fantasie Impromptu (beautiful song .. but sets the tone for the restaurant).  There is nothing wrong with Stella!, it was just too stuffy for me.  I much preferred GW Fins and Bayona for the combination of food, atmosphere, service, and value.A shining star. Great service and even better food. Extremely accommodating with my reservation which I modified.  I highly recommend ! We spent 150.00 for two with wine/drinks, appetizers (fogroise), 2 main( veal & bass) courses, they gave us mini desert samplers and  appetizers for free from the chef.   It was really nice.Excellent service and great food. 
A bit too cerebral in its approach for my needs, but don't let it stop you from enjoying a super meal. 
A serious meal in an oddly matched atmosphere.The food came out cool. As in none of it was hot. We asked the waiter if this was by design and he immediately turned around and left us to wonder if our question had insulted him or what. When he returned he offered us some Madeira wine (which I didn't really want) since we were not impressed with the food. There was no apology for serving us cold food or acknoledgement that it had happened - rather it was "since you were not satisfied here is some free wine". I am not a big drinker and don't really enjoy after-dinner drinks. So I would have preferred an apology and maybe discount on the astronomical price. Oh and they wouldn't bring more bread they offered even though we asked about it three times. They kept saying "it has to be heated in the oven which takes a while" but it wasn't hot the first time it came out and it shouldn't take 3 courses to heat some bread. 
Some of the food was tasty but overall a disappointment.I love Stella.  I am absolutely beyond convinced that it is one of the best restaurants in this country!!!  The first time I ate here I thought everything was amazing.  Then my second time trumped the first.  The food and the service are impeccable, incredible in fact.  I love, love, love Stella.  Worth every darn penny.  If I could afford it I would eat her all the time.  Some of the best service of my life! Ugh i can not gush enough about Stella.I still dream of the miso infused Chilean seabass I had as an entree.  The entire meal was imaginative and delicious.  The presentation of every dish was full of such artistry, it almost felt like a shame to destroy the creation put in front of me by eating it.  The delicate layers of flavor in everything served almost made me feel underqualified to fully appreciate it!  The presentation of the trio of cremes brulees was a little over the top, but fun and delicious nonetheless!Let's just say I already have my dad looking over the menu to see if he can whip any of this stuff up so I can eat it all the time.
Stella, you provided a meal to remember. 
I started with a dirty martini, came perfectly dirty with 2 olives.  Food came in courses, and so we begin.
We started with an Amuse Bouche of a piece of shrimp with caviar and a small shot glass of mango juice.  Minus the chunk of mango, it was good.  The bread was served warm with a single pat of room temperature butter.  Bread had garlic on top which gave it good flavor. I chose the appetizer of Lobster, Egg and Caviar which consisted of Canadian lobster, local farm egg and American Paddlefish Caviar.  I wish it had been an ostrich egg so I could have had a giant plate of it.  It was amazing, flavorful, and small.  Definitely worth the experience of eating that. E got the gnocchi and let me eat the mushrooms. Great flavor in the sauce and the gnocchi were cooked perfectly.  For my main course I had the scallops over potato andouille cakes with shrimp.  Everything was perfect, the flavor, the temperature, and the texture.  I loved it and ate the entire thing.  My favorite part was finding random pieces of caviar around the plate.  I love my fish eggs. 
Evening ended with 1 of every dessert, my favorite being the bananas foster french toast with ice cream.  BTW, save room, bc they bring you aperitifs to satisfy your pallet at the very end.  
5 star dinner. Still thinking about that lobster, egg, and caviar.......Stella is an awesome place if you like contemporary art food!  Everything was beautifully arranged, but at those prices I wasn't impressed.  The place was uptight and uninviting.   Maybe, we went on a bad day.   They get a 3 because the service was excellent and the food was good, but not out of this world.Best meal of my life so far. We had the seven course tasting menu accompanied by wine tastings. 
Every bite was near-perfect. The service was impeccable.
This is one of the finest most intimate restaurants in New Orleans.
Expensive, but worth every penny.Had a great time here. Perhaps a little too sedate atmosphere-wise at times. But the Chef's Four Course Prix Fixe with Wine Pairing is the way to go. The Tasting of Duck Five Ways isn't perfect, but it's cool. And the Mint Chocolate 4th Course is honestly the best dessert I've ever had in my life.We had a great meal here. Great service, wonderful, fun and beautiful food. It was worth every penny. A week later, my husband and I are still tallking about the meal!Stella was pretty stella!  Sorry for the corniness but couldn't resist myself. We just arrived in New Orleans tonight and was lucky to get reservations on a Friday night.
We arrived at 8:45 and was greeted warmly by the hostess and was quickly seated.  Then our wait staff came to introduce themselves and explained the menu and pre fix menu. I ordered the butternut squash soup with smoked bacon with a baked farm egg and lobster topped with caviar for appetizers. My fianc ordered the foie gras. The butternut squash soup wasnt bad but a bit too sweet for me. The baked farm egg and lobster topped with caviar was quite amazing. A bit pricey at $26 but I guess you're paying for the caviar. I tried the foie gras and it was cooked perfectly. 
As for the entrees, we ordered the sake and miso glazed sea bass and sea scallops served with a andouille potato hash.  The main issue I had was the "sake and miso glazed" was not exactly "glazed!". It was more bathed in dry sake!  It was way too bitter. My first bite was fine but then it got more and more bitter! I had to call the waiter over and ask if it was suppose to be this bitter. He rookie back and the chef said yes.  To be honest, the dish was cooked perfectly and looked beautiful but the waiter should have warned me when I asked about the dish that it carries a dryer sake taste.  I've had many sake and miso glazed dishes and none of them tasted like that!  I think unless you really like to taste the bitterness of alcohol in your food then don't order this!  My fianc's scallops were cooked perfectly! 
They at least took my dish back and asked if I wanted anything else and at that time I was a bit turned off by their fish so I just asked for a seafood risotto appetizer, which tasted amazing. It was buttery and very flavorful.  
Overall summary:
Service: excellent
Food: good
Ambience: elegant
Will I come back? Probably but just no sea bassI would have given this place half a star but that is not an option. We waited for much longer than quoted for a seat. No big deals this happens, but then when we were seated it took 15 minutes more for a menu and that was after I flagged down someone. Then, we waited an HOUR (no lie or exaggeration) for our food to arrive only to be all wrong. So, I asked to speak to the manager because I was starving and the meal was wrong. He promised to fix the situation and get me something to eat ASAP. Well, I didn't see him again for 10 minutes AND no bread was sent over. When my meal did finally arrive it was subpar at best. I've eaten all over the French Quarter and I've never had this experince before. Especially from a place as crowded or as popular as this plac is supposed to be!There were many that was wrong with this restaurant. Ambiance wise, Stella! does not fit with the "avantgarde" cuisine of Chef Scott Boswell. With it's wood panel, and classic decor, I thought it was fitting for a steakhouse.  Service was nonchalant. The only dish that stood out was the "Pan Roasted Hawaiian Walu with Hot Buttered Popcorn Crust, Louisiana Crawfish, Local Corn Maque Choux, Baby bok Choi, Sour Cream and Onion Butter".Like every good restaurant, a kitchen may have some days better than others.  I think it's more often likely that bad reviews happen because some individual plates come out better than others.  Stella is my only five star review (so far), and I give it because everything was perfect.  
Ambiance, the welcome by front staff, attention from waiters, and bus staff, was wonderful, discrete, and extremely attentive.   I ordered the four course (omnivore), with wine pairings, and my wife went with the 4 course vegetarian option.  I had the opportunity to taste all the food dishes, and I rate them ALL from excellent to superior - nothing average.  I am a baker, and I can't forget to mention the fabulous bread choices.  
Our meals were so good that I won't bother to mention each course by name, or try to give each an individual review.  I will say that each offering was imaginative, delicious and memorable.  Wine pairings brought each course to an even higher level, and the information accompanying all was complete, and patiently described.  If ever I asked staff to explain something to me, it was done with an expressed appreciation for my curiosity and knowledge.  
If I lived in NOLA I would have a lot less money saved, because I would try to eat here weekly - at least.I had a very good molecular based dinner here.  The menu was one of two options 4 or 7 course meal with 3-4 choices per course.  The sommolier was extremely knowlegeable.  The interior was classically designed and the waitstaff brought each course out on point with amazing presentation from the chef.   For people from Atlanta the dining experience is similar to Bachanalia or Restaurant Eugene.  The price was expensive for 2 people with 2 bottles of wine, but I was expecting this.  I would come here again, but enjoyed John Besh restaurant August the night before better.What an experience!!! The tasting menu is so creative and delicious. It was my husband's birthday and they made sure to make it a memorable experience. Wonderful service, food and drinks.The first time I ate here, it was pre-K and we sat at the bar and were wowed by the bartender and then by the food.  The restaurant was quite crowded, but they made room for us and we had the best meal we had had in our somewhat defective tour of New Orleans cuisine.
Fast forward (don't you hate that?) to 2008, we have been here for eight freaking days and finally we get to Stella!  It is raining cold rain in buckets, we walk to the restaurant and I am offered a bar towel.  The restaurant has expanded, the bar has been moved, but the food, bar, drinks, wine, everything is sublime.
I had no idea that Louisiana grew citrus and it was featured in many dishes.
Yum.
Coffee we had out at the bar, the large table next to us were quite jolly and we figured we could finish up where we first started.
Do not miss Stella, Miss Emeril, The Court, etc. But not Stella!Loved it!   Stella is pretty accommodating.  We initially made reservations for 6:30 on Halloween and then changed to 6:00.  We didn't get there until 6:30 and it was not an issue.  Mind you, this is a sought after restaurant with a small capacity.  So star 1.
Our group is a lovely set of people.  But I suspect the waiter was challenged with this particular party and all the staff handled this well.  Star 2.
The spicy Asian chili Prawn appetizer was fantastic, as was the lobster egg and caviar.  The latter was smooth and creamy with large pieces of perfectly done lobster.  Star 3.
The duck 5 ways!  Amazing!  Holy cow. The menu describes this as Szechwan Seared Breast, Lacquered Leg and Thigh, Moo Shoo Pancake Stir-Fry, Duck Miso Broth,Crisp Foie Gras Won Tons and
Currant Cassis Reduction.  Yes this doesn't do this dish justice. No description for how this pleases the pallet.  Star 4
Nice little dessert tray for the group, homemade strawberry marshmallows, truffles, little chocolate chocolate cookies etc.  Very nice end to the meal.  Add all this together and throw in NOLA and it's 5 stars all the way!!I have had a week to calm down after what can only be described as a major disappointment of a meal at Stella.  Now that I have retracted my claws and recouped some of the money I spent there last weekend, I feel I am capable of writing a fair review sans the emotion and rage.  
Let me preface this review by saying that I have been to Stella maybe six times over the course of five years.  The first few times were AMAZING and I always referred many people to dine there for a special occasion or when they wanted to treat themselves.  There was a manager/sommelier, Greg (I think that was his name) and he was the pinnacle of professionalism, knowledge and service.  For the times that we were there under his watch, the experience was near flawless.  Not sure if he is still there and maybe behind the scenes.  Whatever the case, they should put him back on the floor.  
Onto my meal last week.  We were sat and took our time enjoying the space and chit-chatting, you know, excited to be dressed up and have a night out.  The first server recommended some sparkling wines by the glass but we decided on something that we picked out (an amazing rose champagne!).  The server quickly returned with our drinks and dropped them at the table.  At this point my husband and I raise our glasses to toast and as our glasses were raised another server comes up to the table to see if we have any questions about the menu.  Really? I mean, our glasses are raised, we are clearly saying something important to each other and instead of hanging back for just 10 seconds, the guy interrupts us!  Haha, ok, wasn't that mad, maybe he didn't notice, whatever.  
The server continues to pester us for our order (we took 15 minutes to enjoy our cocktail and then looked at the menu).  I mean, what's the hurry?  The place was empty and even when we left, there were still many empty tables.  The server came over three times.  Not a lie.  THREE TIMES in 20 minutes.  Okay, okay, maybe he thought we were ready and misread us.  Moving on.  
$17 salad with Covey Rise mix, blue cheese, grapes and vinaigrette?  It was too salty and ridiculously overpriced.  $26 deviled egg with caviar and truffle.  Delicious, indeed.  $26 delicious?  Nope. 
The real failure came with my seasonal vegetable dish.  Steamed veggies, no salt, no flavor.  The wonton that came with it was good but again, for $32 it was a joke. 
We skipped dessert and opted for a fail-safe way to end the meal:  another glass of champagne.  This was ordered after the server brought our check.  Then, as we were enjoying the cocktails, he brought our check again.  Then, my husband put out of card and the server swiped it and brought it right back.  
The real kicker, after the aggressive service, the overpriced food and the feeling that we were being pushed out (after spending $450 on our bill), the server picked up the check while we were still seated.  I mean, are you in that much of a rush that you have to close out our check while we are STILL SITTING THERE?!!
Never again.  I seriously considered writing a letter to the owner/manager but then realized it is not my job to let them know what's going on in their own restaurant.  If they were doing their job, they would already know this.WONDERFUL!!!  Not only is the food to die for, the presentation is even better.  It's a beautiful restaurant a little bit away from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon Street but is an easy walk from the big Bourbon Street hotels.  They have a notable wine list too.  Romantic and upscale without feeling pretentious.  
I was so impressed with this restaurant that I recommend it to everyone I know who is headed to NOLA!  This place is a MUST for even the most hard-to-please foodie you know.I took my daughter here when she graduated from Tulane for a special treat. It is very pricey, but you get what you pay for. The service was probably the best I've ever had anywhere. I can see why this gets ranked in the top consistently, which is a feat in a city full of amazing restaurants. When I made a comment about my coffee being slightly lukewarm, they made a new pot and the chef brought out a special chocolate tasting he made just for us! Wow! Not an everyday place for most people, but if you're in New Orleans for a special occasion, this is a wonderful place to celebrate.We had the seven course tasting menu and wine paring and WOW WOW WOW. The atmosphere is a bit quiet and serious but our table managed to lighten the place up a bit. My favorite was the English Pea Panna Cotta, I wanted to lick my plate. Since I don't eat meat, the chef was very accommodating and let me sub out the meat dish with fish (thank you chef). The dessert chocolate with hot buttered lemonade was amazing, perfect balance of tart and sweet.  This was some of the best food I have ever had, it's defiantly a dining experience meant to be enjoyed and remembered. Be prepared to spend almost 3 hours on dinner.My husband and I have eaten at fine restaurants all over the world. Stella came highly recommended so we gave it a try. We are well seasoned foodies in our 60,s. 
This place goes on record for the second worst place I have ever eaten. We chose the 4 course meal  with wine pairing. We feel like we were mugged for $400 and left still hungry. Large fancy plates with tiny terrible food.Recently had dinner at Stella with some friends.  It was amazing!  Not cheap, but amazing.  Highly recommend.You know a restaurant is special when you name your dog after the restaurant... 
And Yes, my 5 lb long-haired chihuahua's name was inspired by this very establishment. She'd probably love it here too, if they'd just let her in!
When I lived in New Orleans this was hands down my favorite restaurant. The fried oysters are other worldly and the only oysters I've ever eaten without gagging slightly. Everyone who comes here must get them, or you are a fool.
The restaurant itself is so cute and romantic. I've been on dates here, out with family here, out with girlfriends here... it's perfect for any occasion where you want sublime food and a homey relaxed atmosphere. And by homey atmosphere I mean it's like visiting your uber rich extended family... the kind that has china depicting scenes of fox hunting. Charming, but you still wouldn't want to put your feet on the table and undo the top button of your pants.
By far one of New Orleans' finest!Been here several times but they lost us on this prix fixe menu. Only choice is a 4 or 7 course meal. Way too much food, too many staff standing around in the front. Yes it was good, but when I see a change like this  I think they must really be desperate for money. You are forwarnedMy husband and I had a wonderful dining experience here during our recent trip to New Orleans.  The restaurant is beautiful, and the service was exceptional.  The food was creative, beautifully presented, and incredibly good.  I definitely plan on returning to Stella the next time I am in New Orleans.  Go... you will be glad that you did. :)Great food and equally great service.  I heard a lot about this restaurant and that the food was delish.  Well, I had to try it out.  I had the chef's four-course selection and a bottle of Malbec.  The meal was great!  The door is a little difficult to locate down the alley, but just persevere and you'll do just fine.  The bar was well stocked and the bartender and service staff was very easy to deal with.  Only the hostess needed an attitude adjustment (-1 star).  Otherwise, this would have been a slam dunk five star meal.  Just make reservations or else you may simply be reading the reviews to see how much fun others had here.This was probably my first proper experience with 'fine dining'. We made a spur of the moment booking on Christmas eve for a 10:30 dinner, so by the time we rocked up at about 10:20, we were starving. We were promptly served by a waiter taking our drinks order. My girlfriend and I both ordered Pimm's cups, which were incredibly refreshing and had cool little cucumber stars inserted into the rim of the glass. 
We were seated just after 10:30 and discovered that there were only two menus to choose from, a 4 course and a 7 course menu, with about 3 or 4 different options for each course in the 4 course option.
We had the 4 course menu and it was truly amazing food. I've never had anything quite like the food i had that night, it was really pretty mind blowing - portion sizes aren't big, but the food is sufficiently rich and energy dense enough that you leave at the end of the night pretty full.
The atmosphere of the restaurant is lovely too, really cosy and comfortable. THe 3 course menu at it's cheapest was $80 a head, but it's worth it, particularly for a special occasion. I recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to have a completely different eating experience.We visited Stella just last weekend.  After reading the reviews we were expecting a stellar meal!  wish that was the case.   The amuse bouche "asparagus panacotta" was tasteless. My husband had the Tandoori salmon and it was cold.  I had the duck 5 ways - the miso was excellent, but the foie gras wontons were greasy and chewy, the mooshoo pancakes were tasteless, the sake glased duck leg also had no flavor once the skin was removed.  
The waiters were stiff, prententious and unfriendly.  
The wine was vastly overpriced.
We paid $200 for two people for this experience.
It was fun though to see the people renting the building behind grill in just their underwear!
My advice - take your money to Cafe Amelie, it is a beautiful courtyard restaraunt and we have never had a bad experience.it's not often that someone owes me a dinner and tells me to pick "any place in town - spare no expense!" but it happened this one time, so i went straight to my well-off and well-fed boss man and asked him where he would go if someone else was buying: stella!
beverage-wise, i sat at the bar for a cocktail before the main event: ves rinse, an interesting and enjoyable rum and citrus take on a manhattan. a bit flowery-tasting but not in a bad, bitter way. 
food-wise, we had: sweetbreads, deep fried. stuck to the plate on hummus with some sweet sauce and clover-type shit. pretty damn good. like, not even sweetbreads.
escargot = 6 snails, different presentations. 
deviled egg with merengue-type shit and caviar.
scallops
duck 5 ways
strawberries 3 ways
3 sorbets
i typed out that inventory the night i had dinner as soon as i got home. and then i didn't give stella another thought. was it delicious? yes. maybe even worth (someone else's) money. but life got away from me between then and now and i thought that surely a meal that extravagant and unique would stay in my memory banks long enough for me to get around to writing this review, but it didn't. i remember lots of other meals i had longer ago than this one, too. 
this means something to me: if i go back again, it'll be because someone else is telling me to spare no expense.Stella used to have service on par with Commander's or Galatoire's but that is definitely not the case now. 
A friend and I went here this past Saturday and found the service to be unattentive and a little snooty. We ordered a la carte. The food was simply not good and this cannot be masked by ceremony and pomp from the waiting staff, high prices, and fine wine lists. To start I had the tomato gazpacho and my friend had the shrimp risotto. The gazpacho was ok but it basically tasted like a cold V8. My five ways duck was awful (the miso broth version was just weird) and my friend's red snapper was average at best. Also, this is probably the most expensive restaurant in the city so you would expect the best of the best. Sadly, it wasn't this time.
Food and service aside, I think the ambiance and PRESENTATION of the food are both amazing. The ambiance is intimate and cozy.
This used to be one of my top 5 restaurants years ago but now it seems like Stella has settled on being average when in the past it was superb. I don't like giving a former favorite such a low rating but IMO it is definitely not a 5-star restaurant anymore.I'm giving Stella a 4.5 stars.  The food was imaginative and creative.  The  service and staff were attentive.  The ambiance and decor were conducive to conversation. The wine list can be improved - there are many more California wines that could've been included that's better tasting and better priced than what they offer.  I had the sole for my entree and my friend had the scallops and they both were done beautifully.  We each had different soups to start with and both were creative and done right.  The highlight of the meal was the Creme Brulee served in 3 open egg shells - WOW!! The Creme Brulee had 3 different flavors - green tea, anise and ginger - presentation was perfect - the taste divine.  I recommend coming to this place and take time enjoying the food.  The Big Easy is definitely a foodie heaven.This place was good, not great. 
My friends and were excited to try this place and when we arrived at Stella! it was an elegant, dark establishment. However, we discovered that arriving without a reservation is apparently an insult to the staff. The pretentious hostess glared at us (as if we were peons) and snidely asked for a first and last name (turning us in to the reservation police??) To clarify this scene, there were a total of TWO tables with customers, the rest of the place was EMPTY. Her rudeness, however, did not deter us and we were immediately seated. 
Yes, it is very expensive but we were prepared, thanks to other Yelp reviews. Overall, the food was all about presentation-it was pretty but less than stellar in flavor. The hot rolls were average and our salads were artful but borderline flavorless (grapes are grapes regardless of how they are carefully sliced and arranged).
The overly attentive servers were not a positive aspect-it was quite annoying they way they aggressively swarmed us throughout the meal. Their rude demeanor did not help matters but to be fair, one server was very polite (we wished he was our only server). Our meal began with good wine and sushi looking melon amuse bouche. Beautifully plated food but yet we were collectively disappointed in the flavors. The seared scallops were great, the potato andouille hash too salty. The other entrees (all seafood) ranged from okay to really good but none would inspire us to come back. 
This is a special occasion place that is visually impressive but lacks comparable culinary substance. I have been fortunate to have experienced some amazing dishes in my life at restaurants around the globe, but this is not one of them. It is good, but not great. By the way, when we left, there were plenty of empty tables!I have had great food and service and so-so food and service here.  I really like what they are selling as far as the whole package but I really wish that there was more consistency with each time we visit.  I recommend trying it out as when they are on they are on in every aspect and I say that is 7 out of 10 times so you have pretty good odds!Ate there on a Saturday night around 9.   We opted for the a la carte menu, as the tasting menu was 7 courses and probably at least another hour of dining time.
Stella! is very ambitious, meaning that they are trying to do things with food that will surprise you.  I immediately thought of French Laundry in Yountville and Manresa in Los Gatos, CA (both superb) and Bastide in Beverly Hills (just so-so).  Unfortunately, it doesn't match up well with those restaurants - the food, while creative, just isn't as interesting.
I had an heirloom tomato dish that needed instructions from the waiter about how to eat it - "drink the gazpacho in 3 sips".   Not worth that kind of drama, frankly.  The "duck 5 ways" is tasty, but I would've preferred maybe 2 or 3 ways (the wonton, in particular) and not that much complication.
They have a fantastic wine list.  In particular, we had a fizzy cold shiraz from Australia that should not be missed, if it's still there.
Tab was $250 for 2 people, or about $100 more than it was for Lilette, which I thought had more memorable food.While I love the cuisine and have enjoyed good service in the past, I have not frequented Stella's my past two visits.  I will wait till they replace the Maitre'D that was there during Labor day 2009.In town for Jazz Fest and thought we'd have a lavish night out in NOLA; one of the most out standing food cities in the country.  My husband investigated a bit and we settled on Stella...wish we hadn't.  
First of all we had a 6:30 reservation.  A little earlier than we wanted so when I called earlier in the day to confirm I asked if we could come a bit later, 7 or 7:30.  I was turned down but oh well, no problem.  We got there a bit early and went to the tiny bar area for a glass of wine.  The wine by the glass was $14, a little steep but not if it's good...it wasn't.
We were seated right on time and by the time we left, about 8:15 there were still empty tables, why couldn't we get in a bit later....hmmmm.
Next the food was good but really not worth the price.  I've had much better meals for a lot less.  To start I had the crab cake appetizer. The flavor just wasn't there.  The foamed sauce had no taste yet the portion of crab was generous.  My husband had the Foie gras, it was quite good served with  crispy bacon on nicely toasted bread.  For my entree I had the scallops and shrimp.  This is the chef's signature dish and it was very delicious.  It was served with a small dice of potato fried in a flavorful oil.  The scallops were perfectly cooked, very nicely browned on the outside and rare in the middle, perfection.  The dish was so rich I couldn't begin to finish my plate.  My husband loves duck and had the duck 5 way.  I have to agree with earlier reviews, the miso soup was mediocre and the won tons poured oil, they were actually pretty gross. The Udon portion had an odd flavor that neither of us liked.  They should just serve the lacquered leg and breast with some nicely done veg, and nix the other duck options on the plate.  
We were too full for dessert but I did have a nice peppermint tea and my husband had a deliciously complex muscat.  They brought out a petite dessert plate the consisted of 2 small chocolate truffles and 2 hand made marshmallows.  The truffles were delish...the marshmallows were just weird.
Because of the previous comments about service I must say that this is not the kind of service that I prefer.  It is very formal and very stuffy.  Some people equate this with elegance but I think they need to get off there high horses and just be real.  I don't need you to put on white gloves to put my glass on the table and I don't need the synchronized food placement.  (Is that a new Olympic sport?)  Go to the Four Seasons if you want to learn about service.  Also very attentive yet friendly and down to earth.  
Stella's is over rated.  There are a million great great places in this 
city and while Stella's is good it's not great.This was where I celebrated my birthday.  We made reservations via open table, which was super easy.  They noted it was my birthday and pulled out all the stops to make it special.
First things first:  they offer Dom Perignon by the glass.  BY THE GLASS.  I have never had it before as I never wanted to spend $300+ on a bottle of wine, but since it was my birthday, I splurged and enjoyed some fine champagne.  
We also had amazing French wine that we've been seeking out for some time now.  So happy to see they had it!
We did appetizers, mains, and dessert.  Everything was perfection from start to finish.  
The service was impeccable.   I'm not a dessert fan and they happily replaced a complimentary birthday dessert with a cheese plate with a candle.  Yay!  The truffles and homemade marshmallows at the end were a bite of heaven.
I will say that I expected to drop money here and when you have Dom P and a $200 bottle of French wine, that's going to happen.  I think for a special occasion it was definitely worth it.  However, if I was going here on a regular Thursday night, I would probably be disappointed in the price compared to the food and alcohol received.  I've definitely had better gourmet food at a lower price point.  On the other hand, I saw nothing in NOLA that even compared to this experience (except maybe MiLa - maybe???) so if you're looking for a quiet, elegant dining experience with creative cajun cuisine, this is it!  Loved it and would definitely return!!!Yum.  Been three times, consistently good.  Only thing that verged on a disappointment is that one of those times, the petit fours for dessert did not include their to-die-for truffles.  Oh, and the first time, a fellow diner was pretty obnoxious (she was wearing head-to-toe green sequins, so I probably don't need to elaborate on her matching personality), but that will happen and, frankly, wasn't un-entertaining. 
Anyway, this is still our absolute fave and after repeat visits, pleases every single time.Stella! has been a restaurant I've wanted to visit for years, but could never make it work (a month out, and the only reservations are at 5:45 or 10:30!), so it was with great anticipation that my sweetie and I dined there for a special occasion dinner. As my girl Paige had eaten there several times and loved it, my expectations were sky high and the short answer is, they were exceeded.
    The main dining room is decorated like  one expects a multi-Michelin starred establishment to be: soft, creamy tones, rich leather seats and an epic flower arrangement that adds the only burst of color to the space. It is both serene and comfortable and also adds that sense of luxury one expects at a top dollar (more on that later) restaurant.
     The service is exactly as I think it should be: attentive but not hovering, friendly but not chummy, informative but not evangelical and, in a word, formal.
     But none of this is worth a hill of cranberry beans poached in chervil essence if the food is not stellar (sorry). Well, it is, and then some. The bread service was simple (just two choices) but perfectly executed, with a white roll that was springy with a hint of yeasty sweetness and the parmesean & garlic foccacia which was tender, salty and effervescent with mild garlicky aromas.
      The amuse bouche was a crispy kale leaf dotted with little swirls of duck liver mousse and sorrel leaves that my omnivore love assured me was delightful.
       My first course of grilled octopus with fried potatoes, smoked pimenton sauce and sage was a marvelous interperetation of one of my favorite dishes while Paige enjoyed a luxe deviled egg (one of her fave things) with caviar and a delicately briny foam (I know, foam is a bit old hat, but when it works, it works). My chili prawns were a Spanish take (somewhat) on our own BBQ shrimp; scarlet, buttery sauce draped over achingly tender prawns and soaking into a crispy crouton-delicious! and her luscious veal sweetbreads with andouille (perhaps the only "local" touch we experienced) were great.
        Paige was wishing she could have the duck five ways again yesterday, such was the simultaneous invention, deliciousness and satisfying variety. My butter poached lobster with additional caviar was exactly as superb and decadent as one would expect, but the artfully arranged selection of vegetables still managed to be memorable and smile-inducing (particularly a cherry-sized sweet potato so alive with its own intrinsic flavor, I was momentarily distracted from my orgy of crustacean love). My brown butter apple financier was so rich, brown-buttery and adorable with its tiny apple cubes it was all I could do not to wolf it down and ask for another and my sweetheart's olive oil & thyme cake was refreshing and rich simultaneously. As she has a permanent designated driver, my girl opted for the wine pairings with her courses and each was not only a fine accompaniment for its partner food, but was also damn fine wine in its own right.
        A final petit four course and really good coffee put a perfect little tiara on the marvelous evening. I will say that we spent $450 for two people, only one drinking (my lobster & its caviar came with supplemental charges and Paige added truffles to her sweetbreads) but I want you to know that I think we received excellent value for what we spent. For most of us, Stella! is a special occasion restaurant for which one might have to save (as we did), but it is truly worth the wait.You just have to like that brainy, deconstructed, molecular-gastronomy inspired kind of cuisine to really enjoy this place. For those who do, it will be very satisfying. Those who don't are going to want a Big Mac on the way home. A great deal of thought, time and effort has gone into these dishes, but they won't be appreciated by everybody.
We each had the 4-course tasting menu with wine pairings. The cauliflower soup and duck five ways were the standouts. For traditionalists, the shrimp came the closest to "real food". The cheese plate was a better choice than the bananas foster, and the chocolate cake, with its traces of liquid nitrogen, was downright scary. 
The wines were well-selected, but more than the dainty portions could really handle.If I had all the money in the world, I would come here all the time.
This is by far my favorite restaurant of this price range.  It is fancy, it is expensive, but you really get the biggest bang for your buck.
I had the oysters with vodka shavings and caviar on top, and wow.. absolutely delicious.  (not to mention that you feel like you're eating something that tastes 'expensive' and exquisite).  My mother had the 5-way duck, which was good.  I would highly recommend the crab claws and fish though.  Seafood is definitely their forte and they do a darn good job of it.
ANDDDD.. they give you free truffles and this little dessert dish when you're done.  Kinda awesome.Holy Smokes!  What an unbelievable meal.
We had the 7-course tasting menu with wine pairings.  Every course was creative, fun and delicious.  
It takes a special kind of chef to present his sommelier with a pairing challenge like "Chocolate Cake with Hot Buttered Pink Lemonade."  Impressively, the sommelier rose to the challenge with a "Royal Tokaji Red Label" from Hungary, ultimately our favorite pairing of the evening.  Brilliant.
The service was absolutely perfect.  Completely and perfectly attentive, without being intrusive.The restaurant is crowded and busy as you would expect any in the French Quarter where the food is known for it's goodness. However, as a local, I found Stella  to be underwhelming as far as the food goes. It may have been just what I had...I don't know. I had the poached eggs on Hollandaise sauce on a bed of potatoes. It's one of my favorite dishes. Regardless the potatoes were bland, no flavor just tasted like they boiled them in water added some paprika and done. The Hollandaise sauce, bland or about as good as I would make it. For $40, what a disappointment. For $40, I would say don't bother. If it was just a Dots in Kenner, I would say why not. It would only cost you $20 for two to eat. Stella, is a restaurant that I'm willing to try again so far as I can find a way to justify throwing away a significant amount of cash. If you are on a budget or are expecting a WOW factor for the high price..don't go here. If you just care about atmosphere and don't care much for how much you spend, go for it. It's a fun place to eat for people watching and you can't beat the location. The service well it was OK too. We sat for over 5 minutes before we got our waiter to get us water and then waiter kept interrupting our conversation while we were eating. Not to knock, but I worked as a waiter for 2 years by girlfriend for 3. We don't do that anymore but appreciate the art of timing. Again, this wouldn't be a big deal if BREAKFAST didn't require a small loan. If you want a good breakfast place for good breakfast food at non-tourist prices, go to Ruby Slipper in Mid City or Cake Cafe in the Marigny with their delicious in-house pastries made from scratch and shrimp and grits. Now that's YUMM.Wow, this place is amazing.  We went with out one Monday night with our friend Hunter and showed up with no reservations and were seated immediately.  The service was great, very friendly, not to hoity-toity like you sometimes get at these types of restaurants.  It's nicely decorated and feels comfortable.  We ordered starters and entrees, a bottle of wine and sat back to enjoy our evening.
Before the starters, they brought us an amuse bouche for free of watermelon sashimi and honeydew and cantaloupe shredded to look like ginger/wasabi.  Very cute.  Then the starters came, I had the gnocchi with veal sausage, Andrew had scallop sashimi, and Hunter had the foie gras BLT (and the foie gras was this huge patty).  All were great.
The entrees came next, I ordered the beef tenderloin (I don't really care for shellfish so it was a little difficult to pick an entree) and Andrew and Hunter had the duck five ways.  Yep, even prepared as soup.  We liked it all.  We cleaned our plates.
We were on the fence about ordering dessert, but Andrew and I can hardly resist a creme brulee so we had to get that.  It was a trio of creme brulee that was served in egg shells, and with dry ice or something that made fog float off of them.  Oh my, these were amazing!!!  And just when we thought that we couldn't fit any more in our bellies, another dessert was brought out(again, for free).  It was three pieces of five different candies.  And then we got a glass of a dessert wine (another free treat), which I don't usually like, but this was perfect.  This is an expensive place but all the extras and great service made it worth it.  Wonderful food, impeccable service.  Definitely a 5 star place!The duck 5 ways is fabulous.  Sometimes you want food that is made by a professional chef that you have no possible way to make yourself.  The techniques are artistic, precise, modern, original, and inspiring.Had dinner with my wife this past Sunday night (8:00 pm) after a day at Jazz Fest. The dinner was the culmination of a 4 day food fest with stops at Bayona, Drago, Lil' Dizees, Luke, Cuvee, MeauxBar Bistro and Prejean's Pheasant Gumbo and Soft Shell Crab Poboys at Jazz Fest of course. Stella provided a perfect food ending for our trip, though there is much to be said for Meauxbar and Luke as well.
The room is very nice, with fine service to match:  Not overbearing or overfriendly, but helpful and unobtrusive (difficult as there are numerous servers in the room).  We didn't go with the 7 course menu as I was not impressed with several of the course offerings, and ordered a la carte. Starting with the amuse bouche, a bold mixture of kimchee and mango flavors that worked really well, continuing to the foie gras appetizer,followed by  a lobster/wild mushroom risotto which we split, Venison and Sea Bass entrees, and concluding with a rather unique desert called grilled cheese which included a very rich cheese and dark chocolate ganache, every dish was perfectly prepared.  As some have noted, the meal concluded with several tasty chocolates and spicy (but not weird) marshmallow candies,  a small but  satisfying finale to a top notch meal.
Unlike Cuvee (a true disappointment)  the meal was well paced.  The accompanying wines were excellent and not unreasonable.  The meal was not inexpensive ($250.00 or so with tip), but given the quality of the food and preparation well worth the price.  We will be back.Went here on a date about a year ago so the details are a bit fuzzy, but here goes anyway!
As far as I remember, the service was impeccable, as it should be for a place like that.  My date called beforehand (I think he did at least) to alert the cook and staff about my veganism (yes, I am THAT person) so I would expect them to be contemplating about what to whip up before we arrived.  
Stella is a very datey restaurant - dimly light, intimate surroundings - not somewhere you would want to roll up in in some tatter jeans and t-shirt. 
That being said, I can't remember nitty gritty details about everything we ate, but I remember there being a great deal of grilled root vegetables.  Very nicely prepared and delicate flavoring, but nothing that teased my rather unsophisticated palate (hah!).  I would've expected more inventive, creative yummies from this place based on their reputation, but I suppose vegan cooking in New Orleans isn't one of its forte in general.  
The best part was the dessert, sorbet served in ice bowls.  For some reason this really delighted me (I'm lame like that).  And they were incredibly good sorbets. 
The champagne, wine, and port were all great - but my date picked those out so I can't really give Stella credit for that.
So overall, if you're vegetarian/vegan, I would highly suggest you spring for August or Bayona instead . . .so overrated. the dishes get so complicated it's like the chef has no idea what he wants to do. it's kind of like the move Inception - just because it's complicated doesn't mean it's good. basically they get all these high end ingredients, force them together .. and most people just ooh and ahh. what a joke. i'm not exactly a locavore but reading the menu, which tells you were these ingredients are sourced from (there may have been algae on the list from the arctic circle or something like that) is just head scratching in its necessity. there is nothing new orleans about this place - actually, it sucks even more than emeril's. come here to throw your money away.What can I say, hubby and I love to eat and almost as much as we love to eat, we love to partake in a good tasting menu.
I researched Stella ahead of our trip and after reading the to-die-for descriptions on their tasting menu, I quickly decided that I couldn't wait to experience it first hand. 
We made early reservations (The reservations were pretty full and I have also found that a tasting menu just doesn't digest if consumed too late into the evening) and arrived to a mostly empty dining room. As for the dining room, it was a comfortable space with the kind of low lighting I like. We dressed to impress of course. Not sure why you wouldn't as this is a fairly upscale place. Within an hour into our meal the restaurant filled up fast. Apparently this is the place to be on a Friday night. 
We ordered the tasting and hubby did the wine pairings while I sipped vodka martinis.
As for the menu... 
Almost everything was spot on, but my favorite dish was probably the grilled cheese with the nutella and captain crunch. For a cheese dish, I thought this was creative and delicious and totally worked. 
The only think that didn't work was the white truffle - chocolate chip ice cream and panna cotta dessert. I'm from the school of thought where "just because you can, doesn't mean you should". I don't think truffles in dessert work. I don't think I have an unsophisticated palate, quite the contrary. The overall texture and flavor of the dish was a little off-putting. 
Post dinner, we didn't leave feeling "stuffed" but (thankfully) rather quite content. 
Overall, we had a great time and decided that Stella is one of those places to check out for a very special dinner. The evening was definitely not cheap. Next time we're in town, I look forward to seeing what new dishes appear on their tasting menu. In other words, we'll most likely be back.Disclosure, we didn't eat the food, we just came for the dessert sampler. Yes, you heard me right, the dessert sampler. I believe it is literally every single dessert on their menu on a giant tray. We made our reservation for late on a Friday night. We arrived a little after our appointed hour, and they seated us promptly. Although we had mentioned when making the reservation that we wanted only the dessert sampler, the server weren't quite wise yet to our plan, but he warmed up soon enough. Apparently, not many people do this? Why aren't more people doing that? Seriously.
We enjoyed most everything. I think our favorite was the banana pudding thing. And they called a cab for us to get us safely back to our hotel. It probably was a little too much for two people, but what the heck! Also, people watching was out of this world, particularly the sugar daddy and his girl, who either had just come from something swanky or were a little overdressed for the restaurant, which though nice, struck me as kind of dressy casual? Anyway, I'll be back for the ambiance, the service, and the dessert sampler next time I'm in New Orleans!My fiance and I are foodies from Washington DC, home to some of the best restaurants in the country. After conducting a significant amount of research on vegetarian dining options in New Orleans, we quickly came upon Stella! We made reservations well in advance for the New Years Eve four-course vegetarian tasting menu. Mind you, we have eaten at restaurants in DC/NYC such as: Alta, Dirt Candy, Volt, Rasika, Komi, Zaytinya, Jaleo, Woodberry Kitchen, etc. and this place doesn't even breathe the same air as those places!
If you are a vegetarian diner who has eaten at impressive restaurants in larger cities (think NYC, Chicago, DC), expect to be severely disappointed! The amuse bouche was probably one of the worst bites of food I have ever eaten--it was some sort of a cracker with a spread on top. The next two dishes, which are supposed to be the main dishes, were essentially salads, and not very creative or flavorful, at that. Lastly, the dessert seemed like it contained burnt sugar and had an awful after taste. Our total bill exceeded $300 (not including alcohol) and we did not eat one bite of food that we would ever want to taste again. 
The service was awkward and clumsy, to say the least. The servers seemed to stumble over their words and weren't cohesive in their manner of serving the various dishes (at one point, a server brought my fiance his dish, quickly realized some silverware was missing, so he took my fiance's entire plate without apologizing and then brought it back after the silverware had been brought). The servers didn't have the synchronicity I would expect from a place that charges so much and that has created the ambiance it purports to have.
On a positive, the hostesses were fantastic! They called us a cab immediately so we could head to a New Years Eve party and they even checked up on the cab after they found we were still waiting. They even graciously offered to take some pictures of us all dressed up for our party! 
All in all, I would say, if you are a vegetarian diner, prepare to leave with empty pockets and an empty stomach. You're much better off choosing a more relaxed, casual atmosphere with better food!