Amazing!
Service was outstanding. 
Breakfast was incredible!   Delicious. 
Service was amazing!  Did I say that?
Reasonable prices as well!
Highly recommended!!!I work a few blocks from this cafe and just had to try it out because it is new. I had been hearing how great the coffee was and I wanted to check their food menu. As soon as I walked in this quaint cafe it was immediate so very welcoming with the coffee bar, art, friendly staff and the great vibe. I was sat quickly and my order was taken. I ordered the Salmon with a mushroom sauce, baby carrots and broccoli. The Salmon was cooked perfectly, the chef really cares what he is doing. He brought my food out. I was feeling the love for sure. But I must say, the mushroom sauce is amazing plus the fresh carrots and broccoli. Well done Streetcar Cafe, I will be back and bring family and friends. It was an awesome dining experience.Late night coffee and beignets! Tasty and fresh, well worth my short walk. Not busy, but we should help them change that!!Quick friendly service with great food! I came here early on a Saturday morning around 9 am. It was still quiet as I'm sure most people were still sleeping or hungover from their night out on Bourbon St. I ordered a coffee and a Cajun sausage omelette. Both were great. Tons of flavor in the sausage omelette and cooked perfectly. The hash browns with it were ok as well. This is a perfect little spot just off canal that you're sure to like.Super friend staff and the food was delicious!!!! I tried the beignets and they were good. We would definitely come back here when we visit New Orleans again.We were here early on a Monday morning, great service and coffee. The Beinets were good and the omelette was also very goodDelicious! Service was great too. I had the Cajun sausage omelette. I would definitely recommend it and visit this place again.Nice little restaurant with good food and excellent service. Judit was awesome and very accommodating for our 3 year old. I would definitely recommend for breakfast or lunch if you're in the area.Went to streetcar this morning. No waiting and the food was phenomenal. Shrimp and grits were the best I've ever had. Coffee was also great. Don't leave New Orleans without stopping hereWonderful brunch and service. The food was delicious and enjoyed the charming atmosphere. Will definitely return.Great new cafe with long hours and a great menu selection. We had the egg white omelet, and Cajun sausage omelet. The food came out fast and are server Judith was amazing. They have a full bar and the bloodymary is very delicious. I look forward to returning to try more. I would recommend this for people liking classic New Orleans dishes with a small twist. Great job I wish you much success.I enjoyed my breakfast I had at 9pm great place that has a variety on their menu. The bartender was super nice and the waiter gave us recommendation around town. Great place. Currently they have construction around them but they are opened check them out!I'm in town for a work trip and stumbled on this place by walking around. It's my favorite place so far!! The food is wonderful, the staff are friendly and helpful, and the environment is comfortable and clean. Had to return multiple times during my week-long trip. Highly recommend!!Streetcar cafe is a quaint place and every now and then real streetcar comes by, food was delicious and the beignets are the bomb.What a wonderful little cafe! The staff was very friendly from the moment we walked in, and very accommodating to the younger members of our party, letting us place their orders early. There were ample vegetation friendly options and their house made orange jam was just delicious! I will certainly make a point to come back whenever I'm in the area again.wow, great food and even better service. the crab cake benedicks are fabulous. service was fast and super freindly. we'll be backMy colleague  and I stopped in for brunch between sessions. It wasn't too far from The host hotel was a short distance away.  We were seated immediately. The Seafood  Omelet  was AMAZING!!! There's no picture because I ate it all!! My colleague had the Cajun Penne Pasta and almost licked the bowl clean. Great food, great atmosphere, great spot!Great spot for brunch, lunch or dinner. I went around lunch time once the crowds were dying down. Menu has some great options. I ordered the shrimp poboy and a cup of gumbo which came with a side of potato salad. Everything was delicious the potato salad reminded me of my moms! The service was superb. Waitress was very attentive and informative on the menu selections as well as the beer. I had a local IPA called the Holley Roller...def give this one a try. I will definitely be coming back the next time I'm in NOLA.Great food and service.  Kyle at the bar was very friendly and very knowledgeable on drinks and recommendations for around the city. Check this place out!The service and food were very good. I had the shrimp, crawfish, cheddar omelet. I requested egg whites instead of whole eggs and was accommodated with no trouble. The biscuit was tasty, too. The one drawback for me was my cafe au lait. The coffee was a bit weak with the flavor overwhelmed by the hot milk component. My husband drinks his coffee black and for him the taste of the coffee was fine. I would go here again but would order a regular coffee.Wonderful service and fantastic beignets. We loved this place! We choose it for an afternoon break from the heat and a little snack. They have happy hour with a nice selection and everything we got was delicious.WOW...is all I have to say about this as a breakfast spot.
  I had the Crisply Omelette Plate w/side of bacon and wheat toast, and holy crap it was good.
As far as the overall service, EXCELLENT.  
Very very welcoming and clean establishment. A++Recently opened and gave it a try for breakfast.
Simply ordered coffee and beignets.  Service was great, the restaurant was very clean and the beignets were delicious.
Will be returningQuick service.. Good food.. Great price point!! I ordered a cup of gumbo, which was really good and hot. I also ordered the seafood omelette with shrimp, crawfish, onions, peppers and etc.. Really good! The grits was good too.. I will come back to this establishment again. Service, food and hospitality was amazing!Amazing spot!! Great breakfast, and a whole other class from the competing(only good for hangovers) food!  Killer service the whole time! Highly recommend.Definitely mediocre.  We decided to try it here, since I had a hankering for beignets but did not want to wait in the long café du monde line.  We walked over and the stand was crowded by three employees.  Two were chatting and looking at their phones and did not even remotely make eye contact.  One greeted us, and sat us, but was coughing up a storm, which made me uncomfortable.  The food was pretty good, and it did satisfy my craving and our server was fine until the end.  Once we were done with our food, we were completely ignored for minutes.  We tried to get the attention of several people, but we were continuously ignored.  We finally got the attention of another waitress and asked for our bill, and she said she would get our waitress.  The host who sat us also noticed that we were struggling to get her attention and said he would let her know.  By the time she finally came to our table, (without the bill, she asked what we wanted) my husband was so frustrated he just said "...we want to leave." We were basically stuck there post eating for 30 minutes, creeping into our precious vacation time where we wanted to explore the city.Quality on many layers! All the staff focuses on delivering great food and positive energy. If you are looking for a quality food experience and great food, this is a must stop. Weather local or traveling, feel that anyone would be fully satisfied.Came here for lunch with my husband and this has been our fav so far!! We have been here for 4 days and have been to a lot of top Yelpers but Street Car was excellent from the food to the service. I ordered a shrimp po boy and my husband had a veggie omelet with grits. We also orders beignets to go and asked for Carmel sauce on the side ...... I ate them 4 hours later and they were SO good and soft like I just ordered them! Back to the food I personally loved the grits. I've had grits a few times here and being from Atlanta I haven't loved them but Street Car got it right! Nice and creamy not overly thick but not watery at all. The shrimp on the po boy were seasoned well! The food is a tad pricey but It's in alignment with all the restaurants here I guess it's a tourist area so that's just the average. I have to shout out our waitress Judy. She was sooo pleasant and concerning about our food the taste and she wanted our honest feedback and was willing to make any adjustments (which we didn't need) . But what was interesting was her care for our experience we thought she was the owner, so we asked and when she said no we were shocked! That's AMAZING to have a team member that makes your customers think they are the owner you rarely find employees who can show concern for the business like the owner would. We were really impressed!   We will definitely be back to NOLA and definitely coming back to Streetcar .I stayed at a nearby hotel with no continental breakfast, so I found myself here on a Saturday morn feeling a bit hungover and extremely hungry. My brother and I were able to get seated right away and the service was very fast. I had a coffee, veggie omelet, and biscuit. Everything was delicious and our server kept the coffee refills coming. My omelet and biscuit stuck with me for awhile that day and I got a mimosa to go (ahem, hair of the dog).
So if you find yourself in the neighborhood and in need of some diner food (after awhile all the spicy New Orleans specially dishes can be a bit too much on your stomach!), this is a solid choice. If I find myself in the area again I'd definitely go back. It's also worth noting that I assume the restaurant is named this because it's by several street car stops.this is a very good  option for breakfast, lunch and dinner in St Charles street , the service was outstanding, the food wonderful, I highly recommend to go there Paola Maria is an excellent attendant  .Sara and JorgeHad breakfast on Memorial Day. They were probably understaffed. Very slow service this day. They did bring us a complimentary order of beignets as an apology. 
Omelets were ok. Biscuits were nice and fresh. 
The mimosa was fresh squeeze orange juice and the Bloody Mary was the nicest presentation I had all weekend.Is ok... nothing special.  Should of went next door as same breakfast items were less expensive.  Food was greasy.  Will know better next time.. this is where yelp failed me when looking at reviews.Amazing food! Amazing mimosas! Amazing staff! Judith added to the experience by providing great conversation and laughs! Just great! My husband and I spent a weekend in New Orleans and found this spot on our last day and it's the best meal thus far on our trip. Definitely recommend to all.Y'all everything about this place is exceptional! I also had bottomless mimosas & the Vietnamese coffee that isn't pictured. The made from scratch beignets are TO DIE FOR, one that you'll crave for sure! The service was fast and friendly . Bathrooms were well kept! I would definitely be back and recommend to others! Good job streetcar cafe!This cafe is right next door to our hotel (Intercontinental) & it's truly a hidden gem. The chicken breast sandwich was fresh, the seafood pasta was perfect & the salmon salad was tasty. Oh & the Beignets were PERFECT! Our server, Judit, was so pleasant and a great help with menu options. Try it! You won't be disappointed!Don't let the construction scare you away from here.   Just picked here because it was close to our hotel and we were all super thankful we did.  We're from Chicago and we're surprised that the pricing wasn't typical of a "downtown" restaurant, it was a little more reasonable.  I had the gumbo as did my daughter.  It was amazing.  I devoured mine and finished most of hers.  My wife got the jambalaya which was also very very good.   If I could have finished that too, I would have.  Service was great, it was a nice quiet place and I can't really find a bad thing to say about it.    Go eat here!   You won't regret it.Very very good food. The Rice and Beans, Jambalaya and Gumbo were as good as I've ever had. My expectations were definitely surpassed.Have eaten breakfast, lunch, and dinner here and the food and waitstaff are fantastic. Love this restaurant.If you are looking for a less busy breakfast establishment in NOLA, then this place is an idea. The food was fine overall.Had a great breakfast here, got there about 830 there was no wait. They were very accommodating and got us every thing we asked for! Had eggs and a biscuit with crunchy bacon and hashbrowns. Ordered some beignets, and pancakes and chocolate chip pancakes :-)Excellent little place on St. Charles street.  We stopped by twice in two days, thanks to great service by Maribel and Judit. Coffee and Beignets were freshly made and full of flavor. 
Stop by if you're in the neighborhood.Food was great and the service good.  Don't let the surrounding construction scare you off.Found this place looking for Daisy Dukes. Excellent food and service.  Had breakfast and brought my wife for lunch the next day.  She said the fried oysters were the best she's had in 20 years, fresh not frozen.  Portions are great & very attentive service.  Apparently it recently opened. It quaint and not packed.Hole in the wall tourist cafe, not fancy, fast, friendly, efficient, and affordable - but left hubby with bad tummy after the biscuits and gravy.I have to give this place a 5-star review because I want everyone coming to New Orleans to try at least once. Price is very very reasonable. Food is exceptionally good. I am 100% satisfied customer when we walk out the door. We had NOLA gumbo, house salad with added crab cakes and grilled shrimp, alligator bites and beignets. Love everything we ordered. Keep up the good work, Streetcar Cafe!Awesome service! Amazing food! I ate here twice during my visit to NOLA. 
The crab cakes, shrimp and grits, beignets and mimosas are all to die for!!I ordered the red beans and rice and it was soo good!! Definitely would come here and get more!What a great find!! The food is Amazing. The seafood omelette and French toast was so good for breakfast, I came back the next day with family for lunch. The chicken sandwich, salmon salad and seafood paste were great as well. And the Taste of New Orleans was Awesome. We were all members of the clean plate club. And Judit is Awesome. A great reason for a return visit!!This was a delicious breakfast brunch place that we ate at. Wait staff were friendly and made sure we had everything we needed to enjoy our breakfast. The restaurant was small and out of the way. This place was definitely a diamond and so glad we tried it. I would highly recommend.We ate here for breakfast this morning and it was great! Fast, attentive service and delicious food. My girls got chocolate chip pancakes and I had the crab cakes Benedict and a side of bacon. They even asked if I wanted my bacon crispy. Everything was excellent and we'll be back!Street Car Cafe had a great relax vibe.  Great decor and beautiful local art work.  I ordered a biscuit and a side of grits.  The biscuit was tender and delicious.  The grits were creamy and cooked perfectly. The service was amazing.  I would recommend over Ruby Slipper.  I intentionally ordered the same items I had at the ruby slipper.  By far, hands down better. My biscuit at Ruby Slipper was ROCK HARD and the side of grits I had was 3 tbsps.ONE WORD for everything overall: Food, quantity, quality, service: AMAZING!!!
I highly recommend the Taste of New Orleans or the House Salad with Fried OystersService was great but my crab cake egg Benedict was just OK. Nothing to write home about.Food was great- except biscuits were hard.  Coffee was great!  Service was good, but our food took a long time to get to our table and the restaurant was not crowded- just our table and another couple.Great red beans and  rice.  We just got into town and looking for this.   Highly recommend.Fantastic food and service! We've gone for brunch a few times and Judit and Natalia took care of us! The beignets and espresso martini hit the spot.After visiting some of the tourist trap coffees at the French Quarters we came to Street Car cafe. Great service, tasty coffee  and maybe the best Banquets at the whole City. Love it.Delish!!  Great shrimp and grits - very flavorful and perfect texture on the grits (not mushy). Scrambled eggs were done well (soft and not dry). And the beignets were light and flakey. Service is excellent - prompt, friendly. We've found a "comeback" place for breakfast in NOLA!I am a bit surprised at the rating. We came here because of the good reviews, but if you are a foodie at all steer clear. This is the definition of average. The place was packed, usually a good sign, but I would not wait 5 minutes. Breakfast was served before our drinks, toast was cold, grits were like wall paper paste. The crab cake Benedict was awful.  The sauce was watery with lumps from a packet. My friend got biscuits and gravy with sausage that was clearly a hot dog. I can't even waste
More time writing the review it was that bad.Such a fun find! It's a little hole in the wall, literally, so you have to look for it. But super great food selection with delicious options. We really enjoyed the alligator appetizer and the Po-Boys.A hidden gem in the business district (no, seriously, it was hard to find and no obvious sign on the outside). About a block from the Hilton on St. Charles.  
To start, excellent service by Marina.  Frequently checked on coffee and very knowledgeable on the menu.  
Food - I had the shrimp and grits, and the biscuit.  Both amazing (I've had a lot of southern/creole food, and these were excellent).  Full bar and TV so might be fun for watching sports.  
My only suggestion.....get a sign you can read so that more people can find this place!!
I'll be back in my next trip for sure.Streetcar is a good, reasonably priced place to have breakfast, and probably other meals. The beignets are delicious, and portions are large, so bring a healthy appetite.Nice little cafe. A bit hard to find. Sign in the window with a little canopy. Cajun omelet and coffee was very good. Nice atmosphere with relaxing music in the background.Yummy! Now I know why they have a 5 star! All the food we ordered was delicious! Service was attentive and fast! My coffee and grapefruit mimosa were never empty. The beignets were big and not oily Marie our server was sweet and helpful! We will definitely be back next year. The food in New Orleans never disappoints! Thank youDecided on this place after we wanted to go back to the Ruby Slipper, but there was a 1+ hour wait. We chose here based on the 5 star review. Streetcar Cafe is anything but 5 star. They are overpriced for the amount you get. My crab cake benedicts were dry due to the little amount of hollandaise sauce and pretty flavorless. The "poached" egg was hardboiled.
The service was bad too. It took forever to get an iced tea and a chai latte...Starbucks would've been faster! We also ordered beignets, which we never received. The server never came back to refill my tea or see how we were enjoying our food. Very sad to think this was the last place in NOLA we ate with all the options available to us.
Don't be fooled like we were with the 5 star rating. Our bill was $40 for the benedicts, a po' boy, iced tea, and a chai latte. Spend your hard earned money somewhere else for better food and service!I'm really surprised at the star rating of this place. Or maybe we just got there on a bad day for them? 
We went for breakfast/brunch on a Saturday. Coffee is just meh. I had the cafe au lait-- next time I'll try their espresso bc the coffee was weak. And it took 20 minutes to get our coffee out to us. I ordered the southern breakfast with hash browns. The hash browns were cold. As in were they ever cooked or had they been sitting on the plate forever?  How could a waiter bring out a plate where half of the food on it was cold? I sent it back and it came out a few minutes later heated up. No apology, no desire to make anything right beyond bringing it back heated. Meh. With so many amazing dining options in NOLA I'll skip this place from now on. You probably should too.The Hashbrown stuffed omelet was good. Worth going back to. Construction outside the restaurant,  but worth the trip.I picked this place out myself and it ended up being soo good. No wait on Sunday morning at 11 am which is different than other places and the food was even better than the more popular places.Delicious breakfast. The grits were creamy and eggs done just the way I like them. Friendly service and a cute, clean place. Give it a try!Great cafe with great for a quiet time and great drinks. 
Decor is casual , comfortable and inviting . Hot and New see Brandy great hostess.Awesome Bloody Mary. Awesome service. Great value for the food. Located in the CBD for those tired of the FQ.Found this cool spot for breakfast, close to our hotel. 5 minute walking distance. All the reviews were on point and then some!! No wait, like alot of the other breakfast spots and plenty of seating. The service was excellent!! The bathrooms are super clean. Our server, Mallick, came by often to check on us. Our food tasted so good! The eggs and bacon all tasted fresh and had a great flavor. The grits were creamy and so flavorful! The biscuits are homemade and fluffy and the gravy was really good! Nothing was overcooked or greasy. The presentation of the plates were perfect. My son's omelet was the perfect serving with cheese, parsley, tomatoes, and cajun sausage. He said it was delicious! The vanilla latte was delicious and tasted so good! Prices very reasonable. While eating, you can admire a local artist's paintings, which are for sale. We really enjoyed our brunch!! We will be back on our future visits to New Orleans.I accidentally stumbled upon this cool cafe. It's small but not too small. They serve all day breakfast. Happy hour is from 2pm to 7pm daily. Personally,  I love the house margarita. It's classic. It pairs well with the crab cake pasta. I would love post the pics, but the food was so good, I started tearing it up immediately! I would highly recommend this cafe to both tourists and locals.Great location on St Charles Street. On a rainy night we popped in from our hotel next door...new Residence Inn. Very warm and friendly vibe.  They are known for their great breakfasts. However, we were there for dinner. Food was good and the portions were ample. Nothing outstanding, but we didn't pay $50 for our meal either!Their Beingets soooo good and big...'twas perfect!....didn't even bother wasting time lining up and trying cafe du monde's mini and proly overrated product.   We hit this place 3x in 3 days.You can walk right past it... but don't. Super cute little cafe.  Server was really nice. Thankfully she recommended the bottomless mimosas- they were yummy and the many glasses during brunch and a to-go cup on our way out made it worth it!  I had the bbq shrimp and grits. The grits were creamy and super tasty. The shrimp was cooked well, but the barbecue sauce was a little sweet for a morning meal- but it also could have been all the mimosas that tainted my view.  The service was superb and, despite being a little sweet, the food was really yummy. Those mimosas though!!!Good food and great service! We had the catfish po boy, gumbo, and jambalaya. All three were delicious! And the staff was very friendly and provided great service, especially Judit.We tried a few of the beignet cafes, but this one by far had our favorite! Super fluffy and delicious!Small intimate place for all day breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Good size portions and friendly atmosphere.  Non commercialized good food place.  Recommend for sure.Great place for breakfast close to
Our hotel. Service was good.  Everything we ordered was delicious. Coffee was a little frothy and strong.This was a gamble as there were very few reviews. I have to say it was the best breakfast we've had during our week in NOLA. Definitely recommend making this a stop!  Very clean, exceptional service and delicious meals.The staff was very accommodating to our party who showed up after some of us had already been seated. The food was hot and good and the prices were very reasonable. We would definitely go back.Very good food at a great price!! Enjoyed the atmosphere very much! 
It's in a great location to walk to local attractions! I would definitely come back again!!Went with a group of five. Every dish was excellent. We got the Cajun Pasta, Seafood Pasta and a hamburger and fries.Skip the insanity at Cafe du Monde and come to this cozy spot for the best beignets in town!  The omelette was delicious as well and the service was excellent. Not great signage out front so you have to look for it... glad we ran into Rhonda last night who told us about this little gem!Stopped in for breakfast and was promptly seated.  Our server was the same young lady from last night at Daisy Maes.  Imagine that?  We had the Beignet's, fried oysters, and the Cajun sausage omelet.  Everything was great!Freaking amazing experience! Best grits and beignets EVER! Party of 5 and all of us were incredibly happy with our food! Our waiter was Patrick and was beyond hospitable!!! We arrived after a walking tour and were hot, tired and hungry.  We left happy, full and planning for breakfast tomorrow morning!$12 bottomless mimosas?! Sign me up! 
Besides the great deal on mimosas, the veggie omelette was delicious, the whole wheat toast was yummy. 
Great service, lots of refills, and the vibe was great inside!A great little spot! Very clean and very reasonable prices. Food was pretty good (would rate it 4 stars), but our server, Judit, was excellent and definitely made the whole experience 5 stars.This place has such a cute vibe and great food! The Vietnamese coffee is delightful, service is great, staff is very friendly, and the breakfast is delicious.Was jam packed when we got there but the wait was not even 5 minutes. Great service and wonderful food.Cozy cafe with a nice atmosphere. We had breakfast. Grits were tasty and cappuccino was good. Service was super fast and friendly. No fault of the business but it was kind of hard to get to with construction at the neighboring building but it was worth the inconvenience. The restaurant is new and clean. I wish them the best. Thanks!This place was absolutely amazing. I don't have one bad thing to say about this place the cajun pasta here was amazing I actually had a bowl and a half. The service here was top notch everyone was very kind and service was prompt with all food coming out correctly the first time. The coffee was also top notch and the beignets were absolutely amazing. Patrick was very helpful with any questions we had.We had the seafood pasta (amazing) chicken tenders and red beans and rice.  We picked up take out and the food was still steaming hot by the time we returned to our hotel.  The batter on the chicken tenders was so perfect and crispy.  We ordered those for our toddler but ended up eating most of it.  
Might i add the service was great, everyone was calm and personable.  As I was waiting for her to bring out my food a fire truck and ambulance arrived because part of their staff was having medical issues.  I would have never known by how calm and attentive to me their staff was.This spot was my go to while my wife and I were visiting for her conference. I actually ate here four different times during our stay. Their gator bites were amazing and the beignets were better than Cafe De Monte. The have shrimp and grits with a bar-b-que sauce, sounds weird but was tasty. The staff were very friendly and the vibe in the restaurantis feel good. A little difficult to find at first due to the construction next door, but so worth it.Food was decent, eggs weren't cooked to order. And the beignets were not full but a pocket of air insideCame here Tuesday; nice little spot inside that's clean and everything looks me to the walls, the floor, tables, bathroom etc. I ordered the fried fish platter which was honestly kind of basic. The fish didn't have much taste like at all. The fries were okay but were drowned in seasoning salt. Just a little disappointed that the fish wasn't up to par from what you expect from a New Orleans restaurant :( good service though!Had a great breakfast here while visiting New Orleans. Service was fast and friendly, and the food was flavorful!
The restaurant isn't very big, but we were seated quickly. The atmosphere isn't super fancy, more like a casual neighborhood cafe, which was what we are looking for!Everything was delicious, service was quick and prices are reasonable. Highly recommend the crabcake benedict and my husband had the crispy country omelette; also very good.Excellent food and great service. The decor is very nice and we were promptly served. Will go again!!!Excellent service! Excellent beignets! Great presentation! Very friendly service! Surprisingly quick. And great value.Streetcar Cafe has a relaxing ambiance with really nice artwork and unique music. 
The food is very well prepared with nice sized portions and reasonably priced. The coffee (always a good measuring stick) is good and strong, but not bitter. 
We had eggs, bacon and pancakes and all were well done. A standout was the orange jam prepared onsite and a creative side that tells you this place cares about quality. It was so delicious that we ate it with a spoon out of the container. The restaurant is a little hard to spot, but will be adding new signage soon. The wait staff is friendly and professional. We will definitely return.Nice restaurant in the New Orleans area, it was walkable distance from my hotel but I most say a bit pricey. The three times we went there cost about $60 for a party of two and we both had breakfast. The service is pretty good tho, and my personal favorite is the French toast.Incredible breakfast! Place was packed so the service was a little slow but the staff is friendly and the food is excellent! Highly recommend the veggie omlet and the biscuits and gravy. The biscuits were light and fluffy and the hash browns were delicious.Pleasant service and good food. This place is fairly new. Once you enter you can see it's been renovated nicely. The owners are welcoming and serve all their customers with a smile. Check them out if your in New Orleans.Great breakfast spot. The service was FIVE STAR. I gave them only 4 stars because my "soft" scrambled eggs were anything but. Everyone at the table had a good meal. Lastly, when my bill came I was charged for a Café au lait, which was not what I had ordered. The bill was run again correctly, so all in all the service was the best part of the meal.My Girl and I stopped in for brunch at this cute spot. The food was delicious!! She got a fried chicken po boy and I got country style breakfast, both items were absolutely delicious!! Our server Marina was so pleasant and sweet! I would recommend it if you're ever in New Orleans!!Streetcar Cafe was the best!!! The food was phenomenal better that Ruby Slippers!!  My wife and I had the Southern Breakfast, Pancakes, Grits, Bacon and Ham.  My daughter had the egg white omelet which was also delicious.  My son had the country omelet., it was also good. They have fresh squeezed orange juice.  The service was great too.  Our waitress was very attentive. We will definitely be back tomorrowMy fiancé and I went there (his first time in NOLA I have been here several times) wanted to make sure his experience was a memorable one. When I tell you this place exceeded my expectations. The food was AMAZING and the service was just as good. The prices are reasonable as well. I quick walk from Iberville as well. We had pancakes, waffle, seafood omelet, hash browns, biscuit, lavender iced coffee and turkey bacon. This will be one of my must go to spots when back in NOLA.Breakfast was great! Staff was very lovely. Bottomless mimosas for 10 dollars. You can take your drink to goThis is a simple little place that serves an outstanding breakfast.  I had the veggie omelet and bacon which were excellent.  My wife had the cheese omelet, also very good. The hash browns were well undercooked.  Bottomless mimosas  completed the meal.We had a late breakfast here a few days ago. It's not a fancy place more like a diner. Overall the food was pretty good as discussed by everyone at our table, no issues with it. Tasty and everyone was full and happy. They had booze here so we ordered Bloody Mary's and the were great! Perfect way to start a day in NoLa. The service was really the only thing that could use some polishing. The server had stopped by the table to ask if we needed anything. I said "yes, we are still missing a dish." she got very snippy with me and said it was on the way. OK, well how was I supposed to know??? We also had to call them back a few more times, all service related. They were running around in circles and it wasn't even that busy. Definitely need to clean up the service side but I would return since the food was tasty and a good value.Great food, friendly staff!!! Good location. I'll definitely be back!!! Fast & easy to get in and out. I had both breakfast and dinner there and wasn't disappointed.Hidden gem! Food was great, prices reasonable, and service was absolutely fantastic. My server even asked if I wanted some coffee to go as we were getting ready to leave. Beignets are a little different than cafe du monde--less flaky, more moist and chewy. Still great!The food is outstanding and the service is warm and welcoming. We were looking for a brunch location and kept being disappointed until we found this gem. The ambviance inside is beautiful, and outside tables are lovely - and dog-friendly! Coming here made our whole day.The food was very good and the service excellent. The only bad thing was that at first we were seated by the left wall and there was a loud obnoxious vibration and then we moved near the bathroom where I could smell the deodorizer.Love everything about it customer service was awesome food was so bomb. I will be returning before I leaveWe had plans to eat somewhere else, but the wait was so long there that we ended up here because it's right next to our hotel. We're glad we did - It worked out great because the food was delicious!! The staff was also really friendly and they seem to take covid precautions seriously. I had some eggs with a biscuit and hash browns (these were SO GOOD) and my family also tried the blueberry pancakes and the biscuits and gravy. Everyone loved their food and we had a great time! Would definitely recommend for breakfast/brunchThis restaurant is one the of the very few in New Orleans that accommodates large parties. Natalia the manager helped seat all 40 out of the 56 people in my group and I appreciate her so much for that. The food was absolutely amazing and the $12 unlimited mimosas were delicious! The bbq Shrimp and Grits is a MUST have! Thank you for your service!Really good breakfast place. Our waitress was very attentive and kind. The food did not disappoint! Mimosa pitcher was a highlight for sure. They do recognize all COVID related safety precautions which was comforting. The restaurant itself was quaint and had these metal plate art on the wall. If you need a place to eat breakfast that you can count on this is definitely the place you want! Professional but also very cute restaurant. Loved it (:Fantastic local flavor for a reasonable price. Their specialty drinks taste amazing. It's a small New Orleans restaurant in the CBD without the over-reaching attempt to look vintage & fancy. Blackened chicken was cooked perfectly tender, the gumbo was sone of the best I've had in years. If you are looking to eat authentic creole food without the song & dance (and inflated pricing) of the French quarter, this is the spot.Cafe ambience and tasty blackened redfish  with grilled veggies and a mushroom sauce that was so tasty. No pretense and lots of local charm. TireD of the hotel restaurants and plugged popular spots?  Try this  gem for locals only. You won't be disappointed!First time visiting this place. Came recommended from a friend. We were seated rather quickly and greeted by a nice server. We ordered the Jambalaya and the Cajun Pasta. Both dishes were excellent. The restaurant had a nice cozy atmosphere and fit the area well. The only downside was that after we served our meal, we never saw our original servers again. Another person had to take our table, plus his and the new ones that walked in. He seemed overwhelmed by time we left. We would return again.Good vegetarian options for a city with very limited options! 
Good breakfast menu with lots of options for those not looking for an extravagant breakfast.I loved it... but my cousin however were not impressed. They ran out of shrimp so she had to go with another choice. But all in all I loved it.It was a rainy day for us to go into this rather small place to get some late morning breakfast.  The menu (picture taken and posted of it on the window of the restaurant) looked good and looking through the window, the food on people's plates seemed good to my wife and to me.  So, in we went and had to wait up against the wall for maybe 4 or 5 minutes. 
The omelette that I had (see photos) was quite good, and the side of grits was indeed the creamy kind that I love so much at home in South Carolina.  Delicious all the way to the bottom of the somewhat small bowl.  My wife did not have her usual scrambled eggs after a quick discussion with the busy server.
Yes indeed, I recommend this place in New Orleans.  Sad that I cannot visit it again.Whenever I come to NOLA I try to get a fried fish po   boy. Streetcar did not disappoint, great bread, fry on the fish it was really tasty. I stay in the CBD several times a year and this place is right under my hotel. Going back again for lunch today, let's try something else.This place is super cute and yummy! Bloody Mary's are the best we have had in town so far. We ordered the Cajun omelette with hash browns and a biscuit and a side order of pancake. It was perfect amount to share. The pancake was crispy and had powdered sugar on it. Our server was very sweet her name is Natalia .I had a great cup of the local coffee, and also the Cajun omelet! It was awesome! Def a great little spot to eat! All of the food was great! You def wanna try it! It's a very homey place and good to go!Delicious breakfast and service! Enjoyed French toast, biscuits and gravy and energizer parfait. Try the beignets! The best!Found this hidden gem today nestled on St Charles in the business district. Very clean, nice art work and welcoming staff. I had a vanilla latte which was excellent and the southern breakfast. Nice size portion of food. The grits were very creamy. My guest had pancakes and a side of bacon. The pancakes were fluffy and piping hot fresh off the griddle. Couldn't leave without trying the beignets. Just as good as cafe du monde. I will definitely revist this spot the next time Im in New Orleans.Tired of pork?? Come check out the beef sausage and chicken cajun pasta!! Food was amazing!!Great service and great food.  Was seated quickly and the waitress checked on us regularly. They have turkey and beef bacon/sausage options. So far this is out favorite place for breakfastThis is my first stop on my New Orleans food tour. Disappointed to say the least. I ordered the Southern Breakfast and it was mediocre at best. I didn't enjoy the biscuit as much as I thought I would. The grits were very buttery and lacking salt. We also ordered the shrimp and grits. The shrimp was cooked perfectly. The sauce is spicy and adds a nice flavor to the rather dull grits. 
The waiter is very nice and attentive. The cafe is decorated cutely. Nice funky art on the wall. Plenty of space on a Thursday mid-morning for breakfast. Although it's a cute cafe, wouldn't recommend for food.Great food and service was a bit slow but understandable since it was Christmas morning although our waiter hardly came and checked on us. If it wasn't for the waiter I would give 5 stars. The beignets were delicious, light and fluffy. Would definitely eat here again.Great little restaurant in the heart of New Orleans. Food was flavorful and plentiful and staff was friendly and helpful. I had the Taste of Orleans which included life's a sampllinngbof three  different dishes and a biscuit. They were all delish!A great breakfast in downtown New Orleans. They had feta cheese for my omelet!! I was so happy! Everyone cleaned their plates- service was fantastic, quick service too!!Horrible place, terrible service and food is disgusting.The undercooked beignets are giving my boyfriend and I diarrhea. I guess it's a good thing my flight got delayed because we can't be too far away from the bathroom now. 
Everything else was okay. I did feel rushed during the breakfast although the place was empty.We had breakfast here and it was amazing. My husband had the blueberry pancakes and I had the waffles. We also got a pitcher of mimosas, coffee, eggs, bacon, and hash browns. Everything we ordered was amazing. The waitress Meryon was super nice and very knowledgeable. All the staff had on masks and everything was super clean. The atmosphere was cool and we will definitely be back.Happened upon this place and ended up coming back because it was so good. Chill vibe and nice staff! Everything was delicious!Just got to New Orleans and came here to have breakfast and mimosas. I had the shrimp and grits and my husband had the country omelette and it was amazing! Our server Marina was so sweet and on point! Highly recommend!! Can't wait to come back!!Good vibe, friendly staff, wide variety of options. I had the shrimp PO boy and my friend had the Jambalaya. My food was average. Wish I had tried their breakfast or brunch items instead. They do have bottom less mimosas on weekends for brunch specials if you are into that.YUM!  This place doesn't look fancy on the outside. In fact, we barely saw it. But glad we did.   Service was fast and friendly. It's really nice inside, clearly a former trolley station. 
If you are in the Garden District, stop and check it out. I had the Fried Green Tomato BLT and was not disappointed. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. My husband said the patty melt was wonderful. And, you get a TON of food for a very affordable price. 
I would definitely come again.Convenient location if you want to eat breakfast before hopping on the St Charles streetcar. The service is good and the restaurant is clean. The food was fine but pales in comparison to other area eateries.Located in what I was told, the financial district, hence the overpriced food. It's a quaint, small cafe made for a relaxing atmosphere. However, service failed to match that vibe as the waitress was anything but calm. Rushed and annoyed with her presence, I still took my sweet but minimal vacation time to enjoy their beignets, eggs, french toast and bacon. Absolutely delightful. Best beignets I had tasted in New Orleans. The added plates in the name of breakfast were good, actually above average for a cafe. The only thing I would change, was the auctioneer like service. Calm down its cafe, not a drive thru fast food joint.I used to enjoy eating burgers here at past businesses that were in this location. I also miss the old dive ambiance that used to be in here as they have done quite a major heavy handed renovation that has made this place look too bright and shiny new.  I had high hopes for a good burger here but sadly the burger just didn't deliver and it was really less good than a Burger King Whopper.  They have quite a lot of items on the menu here with a large selection of breakfast items and the breakfast seems to be what most folks enjoy here.  I think the burger needs a major revamp here and it definitely needs some major improvement.  Overall I definitely wouldn't get the burger again in its current configuration so I hope they upgrade it.
My video review of Streetcar Cafe is here:
https://youtu.be/GQd-bkbO-tEOyster po-boy was very good with fresh veggies. Definitely with red onions. Crew was  very nice  and helpful.  My wife got french toast , she couldn't finish , I did . That was good though. Thank  you.This place has a wonderfully cozy atmosphere, incredible service, and delicious shrimp and grits (it came with so many shrimp!) I really enjoyed my visit here.Great food and atmosphere. Very quick although I was here during the Covid19 scare which may have contributed to the empty restaurant.  Prices quite reasonable and food was very authentic Nawlins.  Wonderful experience.Just stopped in here for breakfast after our flight into New Orleans while waiting for our hotel to be ready...
Very clean place, atmosphere is nice and wait staff is friendly...
We ordered the chocolate chip pancakes, and a crispy country omelette with grits and a biscuit. Overall the food was pretty tasty, grits were good but not made the way I prefer them. Omelette was good, large and very filling! And the pancakes were as well good, tasted somewhat dense/doughy but still decent...
Not a bad place to stop in and grab some traditional style breakfast!Such a awesome little gem. This place was delicious and the service was amazing!
Food was delicious, our table had the French toast brioche, buttermilk waffles, the southern breakfast, vanilla latte, and bottomless mimosas. All were amazing!! 
Service was outstanding, all of the waiters/waitresses were hustling and I could tell they had a strong work ethic. 
Overall this place was a great choice, and I will definitely be coming back!Went on a Wednesday afternoon. They have great drinks. Be sure to try their Moscow Mule Mamosa. Tried the alligator bites and try were really yummy.  Also got the red beans and rice as well as a fried oyster po-boy. First time trying both, but it was delicious! Friend got the seafood pasta and I tried some and that was also tasty. Portion size reflects price paid, so you'll definitely be satisfied. Great staff, they were friendly, funny and patient. A lovely lil introduction to NOLA ~Great food! Great service! Marina was great!!! The place was small and busy but the food came quick. The Seaford Omelet was quite tasty. I would definitely visit again the next time I'm in New Orleans. Can be easy to miss, as we initially walked by but definitely worth the find.Great spot when visiting New Orleans! We were planning on continuing our road trip but we wanted to have a nice filling authentic breakfast. After trying out the beignets at Cafe du Monde and some gator bites and Po Boys at Mahoneys, those establishments kind of let us down in flavor. The menu items were all right but nothing to be like Wow! Amazing New Orleans cuisine, we saw great reviews to this place and we are glad that we decided to check it out!
We started off with the grilled alligator bites since Mahoneys was a disappointment but they were MUCH better here at Street car cafe, and then we decided to split a New Orleans Sampler Platter that consisted of Red Beans and Rice, Jamabalaya, Cajun Rice, and a biscuit. Everything was great!
We also sat by the window and it was nice to see the street car actually pass by every 10-15 min and have a nice view on why it's called Street Car Cafe. Service was great and we would definitely return if we are back in New Orleans again!I was honestly disappointed with my meal. I was in town for one night and was craving some gumbo and a light salad. This cafe was in walking distance of my hotel, so I decided to try it out. The shrimp and gumbo was quite bland. Needed much more flavoring unfortunately. I got my order to go and wasn't given any salad dressing either. There was a good amount of shrimp I will say, but like I said, it was bland. I ended up not finishing most of it. Probably wouldn't come here again with all the other great places to eat in NOLA.Super friendly and attentive service! Yummy food! Ordered a Southern breakfast, Eggs, sausage with potatoes and grits. 
Highly recommend this place!I found this delightful cafe on Yelp. I ordered drip coffee, blueberry pancakes, 2 scrambled eggs and bacon. I'm not sure if I was just hungry or what but the pancakes were THE BEST I've ever had. Plentiful blueberries throughout and served with a dollop of whipped cream on the side. Dusted with powdered sugar. 
The biggest surprise was the coffee. I'm a bit of a snob with coffee and can taste cheap coffee.  This was freshly brewed. My opinion was supported by the management actually grinding beans before they brewed more. No Folgers here!!!  
The eggs and bacon were perfect. Portions are large. 
The atmosphere is casual and the manager is like an orchestra conductor, with the staff working together. They were very busy. Another customer approached the manager  to compliment the staff while I was writing this review.Wonderful little find. Come to NOLA once a year and always looking for great little spots. For the money this is one of the beat hands down. Incredible friendly service and the food is just as good. Bacon nice and crisp, pancakes light and fluffy, and delicious coffee. Everything you could as for in a delicious breakfast spot. Judith took amazing care of us. Will certainly return!Don't pass up the Cajun penne pasta (not pictured). It's literally the best pasta dish I've tried. Someone else at the table ordered it and put my shrimp seafood omelet (pictured)--which was delicious--to shame. The Bloody Mary was delicious and had an awesome Cajun salted rim. It comes with pickled green beans, okra, an olive, lemon, and lime. We will be back!Walked right in and got a table. Gentleman greeting us at the door was amazing and a awesome attitude. Never had an empty drink and food was perfect. Amazing service. A must for breakfast places!An amazing cafe with some delicious food. We ate there on Sunday and the wait time was less then 5 mins. They served us well and food was cooked in a timely manner. 
We also had a double stroller with us and they accommodated us next to the door where we could park our stroller, and even brought some bubbles for our oldest daughter. I would highly recommend this place.Fist morning in NoLa, after a night of drinking...  We were hungry and in need of coffee!
Not far from our hotel I had bookmarked this place, and I was so glad I had done that research beforehand.  We were seated right away, waters served immediately and menus in our hands in no time.  They have a good  amount of options: egg dishes, sandwiches, salads, pancakes, waffles, yoghurt, burgers, typical NoLa dishes like shrimp and grits, gumbo, jambalaya, and more.
I was set on eggs but also wanted to have something southern, and it's like they read my mind... they have the Crispy Country Omelet.  This is a onions, peppers, ham and cheese omelet on top of crispy hash browns, topped with gravy, and your choice of toast or biscuit on the side.  Obviously I went with the biscuit.
The portions is huge, eggs were cooked perfectly, loaded with the toppings.  Gravy needed a bit of salt but once that was added the dish was perfect.  And the biscuit was warm and soft, delicious with butter and a bit of jam (or the gravy).
One of the reasons I had bookmarked this place was because of the beignet pictures.  There are 3 per order.  Perfectly fried dough clouds, topped with powdered sugar.  They are served hot and are deliciously comforting.  Wish I was there right now to have one more!
As if food experience and service hadn't been great, and portions big enough to share, the price is SO reasonable.  Plus everything came out quick which meant more time to explore the city.
Excellent find and highly recommend it!If you want great customer service and the freshest beignets in New Orleans visit the Streetcar Cafe. You won't be disappointed. Loved everything about this place!We discovered this place our last day, what a bummer. Great place with an old feel of Frank Sinatra with great music to go with it. Our breakfast was on point, tasted as it was home cookin. We loved it! We had a ham and cheese omelette and 2 eggs with sausage and home fries - Delicious. Service/Staff was Excellent. A place you must go to!Can't express what a great experience we had here. Our waitress was, Judith, and she was above and beyond service wise. We never wanted for anything and she even refilled the sugar caddie mid meal so we had plenty of sugar for the excellent coffee. We split an order of blueberry pancakes and I had the biscuits and gravy. The pancakes were thin, almost crepe like, and tasted wonderful! The biscuits and gravy, which is typically a heavy dish, was light and tasty. After all is said and done we made out at less then $35 for the meal and left thinking we were vastly undercharged. This place is phenomenal and I highly recommend it to anyone.We found this little place not far from our hotel and were pleasantly surprised.  The staff was attentive and our food was delivered hot and quick! 
I had the Belgian waffles and my boyfriend had the poached eggs.  Both dishes were nicely done and the portions were generous!!  
Aside from the rude customer next to us who was watching FOX news on his phone at a very high volume, our experience was lovely!!!***This is only for the breakfast*** Believe the hype, this place has a fantastic breakfast! I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes, turkey bacon, two eggs, beignets and hash browns. The has browns were fine but they could have been fried harder, the eggs were scrambled hard to perfection, turkey bacon was warm, not hot but crispy and not oily, the beignets and the pancakes were light and airy. The beignets have been the best I've had so far, they were not oily and the amount of powdered sugar was not egregious. 
The waitress I had was a bit pushy but I understand why as this place gets busy BUSY. The atmosphere was lively as there were people everywhere but it's not overwhelming.
I cannot comment on the other food but by the looks of the other eating the lunch and dinner options seemed to be tasty and flavorful, I will absolutely be coming back for somethings off the lunch and dinner menu.Cute neighborhood looking cafe near my hotel. I went there on Christmas afternoon around 1:30. They were closing early around 2 for the holidays and planned to reopen that night. I was the last person they took in. Got myself their special (any 1/2 pasta with salad for $14) so I chose seafood pasta. Even 1/2 pasta filled me up and can't imagine eating one whole original plate of it. Their house salad was good. I decided to try the alligator bites and supposedly they taste like chicken! Would come back to this place.Everything is amazing! Could eat here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner! Crave it when I am back home in Tennessee!Pancakes are DELICIOUS. Food comes out quickly but service was alright, nothing special. Our server did help us figure out the streetcar so thanks lots to him but we noticed the other waiters didn't pay much attention to their tables. This was because it's very crowded in there which we didn't enjoy, especially during covid times. It was hard to even get through the door. Other food was okay like the potatoes and bacon. I would recommend doing takeout for their pancakes they are seriously like little clouds! Beignets are too expensive to be honest and tasted more like biscuit beignets than authentic ones. A good option but there's definitely better food in New Orleans :)Good, but not 4-stars great. Was slightly disappointed after grabbing breakfast here. The crab cake benedict was fishy, eggs where underdone (where the whites were runny), and the potato hash was lukewarm and soggy. Despite the quality of food, staff was super nice and very accommodating--willing time split the check several ways for our larger party.Great, fast breakfast. Probably the best Americano I had on this trip. Beignets were big and tasty. Nothing special on the breakfast menu but still very quality.Nice breakfast. Their grits are perfect! I like eggs over medium. Sometimes it's hit or miss at a restaurant. Here, they were cooked spot on. I enjoyed the cozy environment and the friendly staff. The food was quick to the table. It was close to my hotel.Cute place but service way to slow. Best Grits I have ever tasted in my life!! 
Food Taste and quality - 5 star
Location cleanliness - 3.5 Star
Space - 3.5 Star
Service - 3 Star
Overall Experience - 4 StarThe wife and I found this hidden gem after searching online for about an hour, for someplace in New Orleans that has options other than pork and shellfish. They are just a 6 minute walk from the Crowne plaza hotel. They have red beans and rice, gumbo and jambalaya with chicken and beef sausage!!! Right up our dietary restricted alley. The service was fantastic and the food was delicious and affordable. We will definitely be coming back.Came based on recommendations, but I'm not sure what the hype was about. The food was fine, reasonably priced, not memorable. Standard breakfast fare. The place could use a facelift and was rather dark inside.The restaurant was very charming and had a comfortable atmosphere. The staff were very professional and friendly, they were able to fulfill all of the requests our big group made. The food was delicious but not outstandingly different from anything I had before. I enjoyed the experience overall but the waiting area needs to be improved. Our group had to wait outside in the rain for approximately 30-50 minutes. There were three chairs inside but they were tightly packed behind a table.The restaurant itself has a nice atmosphere. The food was delicious, service was great, very busy place.  I would definitely go back and recommend this place.  The blueberry pancakes was fantastic and my husband's country omelet with grits was also fantastic.Service is amazing. Very nice atmosphere.  The food was quite delicious.  The only thing is that for me, the beignet was not a golden soft, it was more over cooked and hard (if that makes sense) the grits were also a little salty. But aside from that, was delicious.Ive been there for a breakfast. Was really surprised with the professional service. So fast, precise and welcome. I got an omelette with sausages which was big and good. Was about order pancakes, but got full after it. Highly recommended for busy morning persons. Right place to start a day.Great place ! Bartender Kyle made me the best cup of cappuccino!, I'm definitely coming back ! Beignets are the best !You know your trip is going to start off on a positive note when you find a place that offers bottomless mimosas on a Thursday. The mimosa sign drew us in for a hearty brunch. The food was good, came out quick, and the service was excellent. We even came back a second time!Doesn't look like much when you walk past but it's a cute little café on Saint Charles Street. We went in for a brunch with the girls and they had unlimited mimosas, which was a score for us. They had a pretty big menu and the food was very good. I would definitely go back.Average food, good service, fair prices
Iced coffee was a little too sweet? 
No non fat milk perhaps this is common in NOLA. 
Bacon eggs and potato was o k.  
Biscuit fresh made which was nice.  
Reasonable for a quick ion and out if you have a busy day of sightseeing. 
Waiter was attentive and checked backIt was a cold and blustery day in New Orleans and my wife and I were looking for a local cafe for a late lunch. We also had our pup, Koko, with us and even though there were quaint tables and chairs out front the thought of sitting in the frigid wind made us shudder. Judit saw us and took us in, offering a table near the front where our well behaved Koko napped and charmed patrons coming and going. And did I mention the food? Fantastic! We shared two salads, one with crab cakes and the other with blackened alligator, and the best gumbo we've ever had. Happy hour cocktails didn't hurt. Simply delicious!The food and service was amazing! Not a big fan of omelets but definitely love how they made their country and cajun omelette.Burnt the bacon and drowned my French toast in powdered sugar def not 5 stars. I've had diner food that was betterSo... I had the bottomless mimosas, so most of this meal was a blur. But from what I remember, really nice waitress, good food, and very pleasant environment.This was our last meal in New Orleans before heading back home. The food and service was top notch! My kids had the chocolate chip pancakes, I had a veggie omelette with the breakfast potatoes and my SO had the seafood omelette with breakfast potatoes as well. The pancakes were layered with chocolate chips and topped with powdered sugar and whipped cream and the omelettes were cooked perfectly - eggs not overdone and plenty of filling. We found this place on accident but we will definitely be going back!We came here for breakfast and were left with a forgettable experience.  The food was mediocre at best.  The hashbrowns and grits were cold. The food was also generally bland.  The service however was friendly.
This seemed more like a local diner designed for quick turnaround (get 'em in, get 'em out) more than a place one would come for a good meal.
We wouldn't return.There was no wait for a table. I went with my family and I order the biscuits and gravy. They were very delicious!! My family also liked their food. We had to order not one but two orders of beignets because they were THAT good.As soon as you walk in you are greeted and seated. This place was busy and a bit packed. Great decor and friendly staff. The food was great and fresh. It did take a while for the food to come out though, I wasn't a fan of the long wait. That's why I took off a star from the rating. My friend had an omelet with a side of grits and I just had wheat toast and a cup of fruit. Everything was delicious.The best breakfast and the staff are awesome! So friendly makes you feel like your family.  They offer great coffee and an excellent extra spicy Bloody Mary!! Great food loved the crab cake Benedict, shrimp and grits, and fish dishes! The best beignets!  That is all we have tried and we will go back over and over.Outstanding Cajun Sausage Omelette with cubed hash browns! 
The Mrs. had the Country Breakfast with Grits... wow.
Just a 1/2 block away from our hotel !Good food and friendly staff. But decor is very basic. Essentially it is a diner without anything very New Orleans about it.Convinient location. Good good. Bacon is up to par and friendly staff!! Def will be trying different things on their menu. So far its just been breakfast and its all been good.I have to say this has been a 10/10 experience!! A small place but a MIGHTY great experience! Our server Judith was excellent and helped with recommendations a lot. We had the bottomless Mimosas and our glasses were always full! There is no big sign that says "Streetcar" but don't be fooled, this place is legit! Great food, great drinks, & EXCELLENT service! Thank you Streetcar Cafe & Judith! (:Great food and atmosphere! Was great to have such a hearty breakfast after traveling a few days!Great place! Kid friendly. Hubby and kids loved the sea food omelet.  Big portions, easy to share.