They are very generous with the samples, you can almost just get samples and leave. We didn't tho, we sat and had the coconut fudge & key lime pie gelatos!Maybe I'm going to be the naysayer here, but I find Sucre to be a little overrated. The gelato is good... but it's not as good as the price suggests. The coffee is good... but only as good as every other coffee place. The little desserts are good... but take two bites, and you've already eaten the whole thing. The prices are too high for the amount that you get, and what you get is delicious, but not something to rave about. 
What usually dissuades me from going to Sucre is the overall atmosphere. It's a very cute place. Very clean. Not too busy if you go at an off hour. There's sufficient seating for the amount of patrons it receives. For the normal person, it's probably charming. If you don't like glitter, however, STAY AWAY DURING HOLIDAYS! It is EVERYWHERE! They decorate with glitter for the window displays. There's glitter on the wall hangings. There's even... wait for it... Glitter on the desserts. It's edible of course, but I still don't understand why someone would want to eat something so sparkly. If you like glitter, more power to you. Go to Sucre. You'll love it. If you're like me and you have an intense phobia of glitter, I think it's best if you head to Mid-City for some Brocato's instead (which is way better anyway).4 stars for great customer service, ample samples, and delicious macaroons. Loved the salted caramel and peppermint macaroons!
Will use Sucre in the future for hostess gifts, party favors, etc.I'm so glad this isn't in Seattle otherwise I would never stand a chance at being thin!  Sucre had some of the best macarons I've ever tasted, and I especially loved the chocolate-covered macaron!  All of the flavors I had were yummy though, and were very distinct of its kind.  I also had the gelato here, which again, is some of the best I've ever had.  I had S'mores and Birthday Cake scoops, and it was so addicting!  The place was really busy, and the line got a little chaotic as people were trying to see what was in the counter, and different servers were trying to figure out who was next to pay, try samples of gelato, or customize a macaron gift box.  But the desserts are worth the hassle.  They also have a truffle/specialty chocolates counter at the far end of the store that I surprisingly resisted, and other wonderful treats such as eclairs, mini cakes, Napoleons, etc...  I loved this place!Went in today finally after passing several times. The white chocolate bread pudding was awesome and it looked toooo good to eat when it was plated. I will definitely be going again and telling everyone I know. Love it!!!!Best dessert and espresso anywhere!!  So many pastry/dessert choices. So many gelato flavors. Chocolate counter as well. Nicest staff in NOLA. It's a must visit.They would get a 4 for the quality/taste of the gelato, but the attitude that came with the service really lets them down.
Had chocolate and banana gelato and it was good - creamy, dense, flavorful. A little crystallized but otherwise very good.
The service was not super-attentive. The staff was slow to acknowledge us and seemed more interested in talking to each other than waiting on us.Macaroons to die for - melt in your mouth, very well made, best I've ever had !!!!! Very delicate to the touch. The ladies that worked there were so nice, tooRecently visited NOLA for the first time and had to check this place out.  The store is really cute and clean, and the staff was very friendly.  I tried the Red Velvet cake, which was pretty tasty, but I was disappointed in the macaron selection.  Other than that, I was a fan!The king cakes are beautifully glazed like fine china. Seriously, did not want to eat it but just stare and admire its sparkly loveliness. The chocolates are good and are available in charming little boxes; perfect for the missus. The gelato is very, very standard. So yeah...king cake.I will definitely be coming back to this amazing palace of sweetness!! The white chocolate bread pudding was terrific!! Like melt in your mouth, don't want it to end yummy-ness. I totally recommend it and for a plus you get a scoop of their gelato. Now the gelato bar has many flavors so I encourage you to try as many as you want to go along with that beautiful piece of heaven on the plate! I loved the cookies and cream gelato so much that I didn't care if it paired well, so it was like having two desserts on one plate. To wash all that down I ordered a cafe au lait that was served in a cute white mug on a plate. It was definitely the best little date night dessert place or just stopping by to grab a nice dessert. Happy Yelping!I love sucré and will visit every time I'm in NOLA. Their macaron are always delicious. Hard to eat just one. The dark chocolate is rich and decadent. They also give away broken ones which may not be as pretty but taste just as good. I really like the salted caramel and hazelnut as well. 
I went 5 times this last trip to NOLA. I got a large box of assorted chocolate truffles. Excellent, especially the dark chocolate ones. 
The triple chocolate ice cream is equally spectacular. I didn't get a cake dessert this trip but I've had them in the past and enjoyed them tremendously. 
I also got 10 bars of dark chocolate. Plain dark as well as with flavors mixed in. 
Yes, I'm obsessed. But you will be too when you visit. 
From the magazine location I also picked up a 6 inch salted caramel birthday cake. It was quite good, large, and reasonably priced.I would have to say my first time here was good. Very clean & modern. I'm  very surprised that they have the seats looking worn out inside. Very good try the cupcakes. And the gelato. Great location on magazine street.Not the best place for dessert....I'd rather save the couple bucks and go to creole creamery for ice cream and just skip the macaroons. The coffee is also not the best and just tastes very bitter. The display and layout is pretty but I just need things to taste better!Very cute and colorful dessert shop on Magazine St. They have a more convenient outpost for tourists in the French Quarter but I forgot to visit that one. The Magazine St shop sells pastries, chocolates, gelato, and macaroons. I had their dark chocolate gelato and brown butter pecan gelato. Both flavors were excellent and the serving size was decent for the price.Everything in this place is almost to pretty to eat...ALMOST. The strawberry cheesecake gelato is great, I got one of their milkshakes, "Bunch of Nuts". It would have been better had they not used the residue left at the bottom of their butter pecan gelato pan, it tasted like it was scooped from the bottom so it tasted "funny" I'm sure it would've been better, guess I'll just have to keep trying til they get it right!We were on a trip to New Orleans and looking for places to visit. And luckily we found this place. 
Me n my wife just fell in love with this place n stuff they have to offer.  
I found out that the chef travel to France n places just to explore the ice cream flavors. 
I would definitely visit this place when I visit the city again.Lot of hype & not sure why.  Not high on my list to go back.  Had a red velvet with chocolate mousse filling, macaroons, & standard cupcake.  Cakes were not as impressive as they looked.  Chocolate mousse feeling was good so split with my gf eating the cake & I ate the mousse.  Cupcakes well same as any other cupcake joint these days.  Macaroons - the chocolate & vanilla ones in the Trader Joe's are just as tasty without the price.I have come here several times with my kids. They are , well, we are , really big fans of the macaroons and gelato.    The staff is very nice and patient with children.  
Weather its cold or hot outside, there is something in there to enjoy for that season.
Not a everyday thing, it is a fancy joint but it makes for awesome memories and exposes my kids to the wonderful Magazine street.The first thing you notice about Sucre is the decor: so cute and sweet that your teeth will ache. Unlike some other reviewers, I adore it. The pastels, the patterns, the cute boxes with bows. It makes me instantly happy. And true, it's not very New Orleans-ish, definitely more of an East Coast looking place. But no matter.
The gelato flavors are great, and you can try as many as you like before settling on one. If you get a pastry or some other dessert from the display case, you can get it on a platter with a scoop of gelato. And they decorate the platter with colorful swirls of chocolate and other flavors so it's an entire impressive presentation. 
The mouse desserts are delicious, the mini macaroons are great, the cupcakes are divine. I don't think I've ever actually had any of their chocolates. I would go out of the way just for one of their lattes- huge and delicious and damn near perfect. You can shop online at www.shopsucre.com and have things delivered. If only I could order one of their lattes from Philadelphia...
Very clean bathrooms too- always a plus. Gotta make note of a clean bathroom in NOLA. 
This place makes me very happy.Normally I avoid... "Trendy" places like this but I was intrigued by the offerings and the reviews. Stopped in and had a double scoop of toasted almond and the hazelnut. Also got a salted caramel cupcake. Everything was amazing. I'll probably stop again this week before flying out. I was disappointed that they didn't have any of the little pudding King cakes that I saw so many pics and reviews of on here.. But I was only disappointed until I put that ice cream in my mouth.There used to be a little green box full of Sucre caramels w/sea salt on that table over there...to my left.
Then, the box started yammering.  So I went to it.
Lacking much self control, I returned to the box.  Often.
And now, I just have a little green box.  SIlence.  And some fine memories.Here from California and decided to walk the one and a half miles to give it a try. It was certainly worth it as will be the walk back to burn the calories. Thier Gelato was very good and the decaf cappuccino was very well done. kind of wish they had places California.Don't judge a book by it's cover . It's a really cute shop gelato chocolat drops macarons and cakes . We got the cherry chocolat gelato & tried 3 different macarons. The macarons looked very pretty coated w glitter but when I bit into them it was a bit hard and too sweet. The chocolate one was the better of the three. The Banana and pink macarons not worth it. Their chocolates are good and everything else don't care for it. Only the chocolate in my gelato was good. ... The . service there was not good, the girl who took out order was rude not a smile or ounce of enthusiasm what so ever. What happen to southern hospitality . Don't be fooled by the sparkly colorful decor . Everything looked good but in actuality really lived up to it's name: sucre. Toooo much sugar too sweet indeed. Service , I give a 2 some of the others were nice but one bitchy cashier ruined it. Quality/ taste of dessert I give it  a 2 as wellSome things just defy explanation... 
After a couple of unimpressive visits to the Metairie location I finally made it over to the original Magazine Street location recently - and guess what? It's really better than the Metairie one! 
OK, let me go on record by saying that this review is based on the Gelato only (I didn't try any of the pastries and I am just not a fan of macaroons). But damn, that gelato rocked! It was actually better - substantially better-than the gelato at Lakeside. 
Anyway, Magazine Street location - you get 4 stars!Beautiful packaging and presentation/plating of desserts, great friendly service (perhaps they've read prior complaints here on Yelp?)...but what we ordered (macarons, dessert cake, pistachio gelato) was mediocre and underwhelming with none of the deep bold flavors that I expected.  I found that there was little consistency in the macarons that I tried, with two being very soft and gooey, and another being extremely chewy. The gelato was flavorless, as was our cake, and everything else with the exception of being bitingly sweet.
Other reviewers have complained about the (over)price of the goodies there, but I found that the prices they charge are appropriate to the quality and care they put into the presentation and packaging, and perhaps food too--if you find it to your liking.
Despite not being particularly impressed by the actual TASTE of the things I had at Sucre, I still left with bars of chocolate, cookies, and more...all tastefullly packaged. That IS after all, what the hype here seems to be about and what you are actually paying for. If you come with this understanding, you won't be dissappointed and anything else will be an added bonus.Sucre has great coffee. Great coffee, in fact. It is dark and full of flavor. The pastries that they have behind the counter are beautiful. The chocolates that they make are spectacular and full of all kinds of different flavors. So why three stars you say? I have given you the good. Now here comes the bad and the ugly. 
The bad- Those beautiful pastries? Yeah, they don't taste that great. Some are kind of stale, others just sort of lack. The cupcakes are pretty good, but too much icing for me and just not worth it. For the money that you will shell out for an apple tart, you'd be better saving it and getting dessert in a restaurant or going to a place like Maple St. Patisserie or Croissant D'or and getting a yummy pastry. The gelato? Good but not great. Give me Creole Creamery or Brocato's any day. The chocolate? Delicious, but overpriced. If I wanted to get a special gift for someone this is a neat idea, (the little purse or box is a nice touch) but for a Saturday afternoon? It's just not practical. 
The ugly - The crowd. If you head into Sucre on a Saturday afternoon beware of the tourists. You will be trampled by twenty 14 yr. old girls hoping to try every flavor of gelato they can get their grubby Ugg boots-wearing hands on. It gives me the chills just thinking about it. 
Sorry Sucre, you're just not my thing (although I really love your coffee). Some people adore you.  I respect you and you're beautiful. Enjoy the tourists. I'm heading over to Brocato's.Im addicted to this place everything is super yummy. From the gelato to the cupcakes to the awesome black and gold eclair yummo a must stop when im in townWent to Sucre yesterday to purchase a birthday cupcake for my very discerning employer. Becca, the lovely lady at the counter not only helped me pick out something delicious, but also packaged the gift beautifully. My employer was extremely pleased with the gift (and trust me - that's impressive).
While Sucre is expensive, the quality is high, and the customer service is excellent.I did not think I cared for macaroons.  Then as I was checking out the amazing selection the kind lady behind the case insisted I try one.  AMAZING!!! The vanilla are my absolute favorite, but the chocolate is a close second.  I must warn you though - no other macaroons compare after eating these!!!Like this place! Cute decor. Service was okay, but not as great as I would expect from a place with these kind of reviews.I have to change my review on this one. I've been here every time I come to New Orleans and up until tonight have had wonderful experiences until tonight. 
Tonight one of the freezers where the ice cream is kept was down and instead of having a list of the flavors they started guess and wouldn't go look to see what they had in the back. It was the laziest thing I have ever seen in customer service ever. While speaking to me, the young lady behind the counter was sampling from the flavors that were in the working case. It was just gross. I will not be back.Everyone here is so enthusiastic and willing to help you figure out what you want! There are tons of tasty choices! 
I got the banana foster macaroons and they were delicious. The decor of the place is so nice and happy, the staff make you happy you stopped by, and the street where the shop is located has plenty of nice boutiques to peruse afterward.So I have an obsession with macarons and this place actually makes pretty good macarons! I was very impressed! I tried their Easter collection which included the lemon, blueberry coconut, and carrot cake....all of them were very good. I also tried the strawberry, raspberry, and some other assortment which I cannot remember but there wasn't one that stood out to me. The box they put the macarons in are soooooo cute! I bought a few gift boxes for family and so far family loved it!
I only rated this 4 stars because Macarons Cafe raised the bar too high for me. So far they are still the best on my list!
The place is very clean and the service was great! Their desserts looks amazing also. My boyfriend tried the Gelato and yum yum. The chocolate mint was really good and fresh.The prices are Ok but flavors are "meh": cafe au lait tastes a bit too bitter and strangely bland at the same time. It is our least favorite among the 5 we tried.  Pistachio tastes weak but acceptable. Cookie and cream and S'mores are both are the sweet side, and our fave is the triple chocolate bark.
Staff was friendly and efficient.Sweets go glam at this NOLA dessertery. 
In my quest for chocolate eclair indulgence, a bartender/man about town from our hotel suggested that we ride the St. Charles street car into the Garden District in order to stop at Sucre. Coupled with the charm of the street car ride and the lovely afternoon stroll through the Garden District on the way, Sucre was sure to be a pleasurable stop.
Sucre is a blend of pop-culture meets bistro. While the seating isn't comfortable, it isn't off-putting, either. The display of sweet treats is breathtaking and service comes with a genuine smile, despite the business of the shop.
We ordered a chocolate eclair, an apple tart, and a cup of coffee. The eclair and tart were plated together along with a complimentary scoop of hazlenut gelato. The gelato was a smooth, rich, dense treat. The apple tart was not too sweet and really focused on the warm flavor of the apple. The eclair was technically accurate. The chocolate topping on the eclair was lovely, printed with sucre written all over it. However lovely it was, the topping was too hard, serving to delight the eyes and disappoint the eating. So, while technically accurate, somehow I felt let down by this piece of pastry that wasn't emotional enough to engage my palate.
As I sat mulling being underwhelmed by a technically accurate and rather expensive eclair, I realized that we were nearly done with our treats and had yet to receive our coffee. After asking about it, the lady at the counter informed me that they were brewing a new pot and would serve it soon. Unfortunately, we had to catch the trolley back in order to make our flight. So, the lady at the counter graciously allowed me to pick a sweet treat to-go as a substitute for the coffee. She would not allow me to pay the extra cost for the treat.
5 points for the gelato
2 points for coffee served late without explaining up front how long it would take
3 points for a perfect eclair slightly tainted by snazzy but not so tasty decorated chocolate topping
5 points for graciously fixing the mistake
All in all, Sucre was worth the trolley ride and walk. If I go back, I'll steer clear of the eclair, be sure to order gelato, and try something else from the decadent display counter.I wish my cupcake had more cake. What cake there was, was awesome. Tender and vanilla. But it was kind of like eating an icing snowball. The core of the cupcake was nothing but icing. It was good icing, just too much.Suggestions: Everything really was outstanding and we didn't have a particular "favorite", however the macaroons were THE BEST I have ever eaten
Pros: Gillato was epic, truffles were really good and unique, had a lot of flavor options for both the macaroons and the truffles, attention to detail
Cons: Parking, the pastry they used for the eclair was just good
Thoughts: So my wife is definitely more of the desert person that me but this place is like a magical factory of the most delicious and creative deserts imaginable. Just as an example, they make something they call the "Ice Cream Po' Boy", it three scoops of ice cream sandwiched between two eclair pastries, and drizzled with chocolate and caramel sauce.
Everything at this place was absolutely amazing, with one minor exception; the eclair pastry was just good. Honestly I don't think it would have stood out as much except that everything else was of such high quality. Ice cream, amazing; chocolate, smooth and delicious; pastries and cakes, practically perfect. As yet another example of their outstanding quality; I don't really like macaroons, they are often dry and too firm. These were unbelievably good, I didn't know a macaroon could taste this good. The "cookie" was  firm but with a moist, slightly chewy consistency; and the filling was so mouthwatering. To top all of that off the flavors were very unique and each that I tried was wonderful.
I will say that the location on magazine street is definitely better than the one in the French quarter. Parking is better, they have outside seating, and the overall atmosphere is just a little less hectic and crazy.
Sucrè is one of the highlights of my culinary experiences in NOLA and I desperately wish I was able to come back. If you live in NOLA, or if you're driving through NOLA you absolutely MUST visit.Oh my! The strawberry lemonade torte was amazing, as well as macaroons & gelato! Try the coconut basil & raspberry gelato! Such a fun spot to get wonderful pastries made by pastry chefs, and a crisp cool vibe.PROS:  Awesome place to cure your sweet tooth.  Gelato, cupcakes, fine chocolates and macaroons.  LOVE that they have so much of local artist Alex Beard art on the walls. Lovely customer service.
CONS:  For an "upscale" place, you have to ASK for one of their nicer bags.  And I overheard them having to call a MANAGER to okay giving another customer a handful of their gift bags for what was obviously going to be gifts to several different parties.  SERIOUSLY?!  
BOTTOM LINE:  Cute place for sweets, but if you can't figure out how to build the cost of the bag into your swag, you have no right running a business on Mag.This place made me feel like a kid in a candy store. The cupcakes, the chocolates, the macaroons... I could barely handle it. Be warned, choosing is very hard here, so you risk spending a lot more than you planned by choosing everything. Well worth it, though.This place is so adorable. They have a variety of sweets to choose from: macarons, chocolates, gelato, cookies, you name it. I came specifically for the macarons to bring home as souvenirs, which were $2 each or a box of 8 for $15. Tip: macarons are best eaten the same day! They get soggy by the next day! We also had the gelato (strawberry & mango) which was yummy.I'm usually not a chocolate dessert lover, but, Good Lord, get Sucre's s'mores skillet dessert with toasted almond ice cream on the side. Or the strawberry cream cake.
Or the raspberry mousse-filled chocolate cake. I can't remember the official name of each of the desserts that our group enjoyed, but you can't go wrong with any of them.Ok, if you like super sweet deserts, this is the place for you.  I tried the gelato (wow - that was sweet), the chocolates (oh my goodness, sweet), and then thought about something else.  But, reconsidered. 
I did, however, discover that they have an amazing hot peppermint tea.  And yes, it's peppermint, not spearmint.Sucre, located on Magazine Street is an adult Candyland. This whimsical sweet shop has the most adorable store front with hanging colorful ice cream scoops and cones.
Sucre interior and gelato Macaron flavors including chocolate, hazelnut, nectar cream, peaches and cream, orange, strawberry, almond, pistachio.
I bought these soft nectar and lemon marshmallows and had a green tea.I had several of their beautiful desserts and cupcakes and they were amazing. I also had pistachio gelato and yeah it was amazing too!!Ordered $80 worth of King Cakes overnighted for Mardi Gras party. They were dry and had NO filling. Zilch, nada.  Embarrassing.  Not again.The macaroons are amazing. We bought a package of 8 with different flavours. The chocolate and coffee were the best. We also tried two of their chocolate cakes. We did not enjoy them as much as the macaroons. The store was very clean and nice. Staff/service was ok. 5 stars for presentation/display of the sweet and the boutique in general.I have to visit this sucre every time I come in to town. The macarons are incredible and totally worth the $2 each. I love getting gifts here for people back home and they are always impressed with the quality. The king cakes are also fantastic. I wish they had a better drink selection though, but that won't stop me from coming.I don't know how you can't love Sucre. Maybe if you are without a soul?
Honestly, in the many times I have been to Sucre and to this location in particular, I have never had a bad experience.
The employees are fantastic, nice and appropriately chatty without being overbearing. Always very helpful and practically throwing samples at you.
The food? I mean, come on, god damn delicious. I have had many flavors of their gelato, quite a few of their cupcakes, some of their chocolates, macarons, etc. All delicious, flavorful, masterfully baked and decorated, and (best of all!) creative. Oh, and the coffee is great, too. Everything they do here, they make sure to do well.
Are they expensive? Hell yeah, but you get what you pay for. Sucre is quite obviously a luxurious environment for the dessert lover. While it hurts to pay $10 for two medium gelatos, all of that is quickly forgotten as I immediately get lost in the rich, intense flavors of the generous serving. Mmmm.The brownie sundae is probably the best dessert I've ever had in New Orleans. If you've never had it do yourself a favor and try one on a special occasion. The prices here are a tad expensive from what I recall but you get what you pay for.Friendly staff, with a relaxed atmosphere. This dessert shop has some amazing treats for anyone with a sweet tooth.(English)
I have been here every time I come to New Orleans, the sweets vary between chocolates, cupcakes, eclairs, puddings and the gelato everything is absolutely delicious, but without a doubt my favorites are the macarons. With many interesting flavors to choose from, my personal favorites are pistachio and almond, but I'm always willing to try new flavors. I would totally recommend this place.  
(Español)
He venido para aquí cada vez que vengo a Nueva Orleans, los dulces varían entre chocolates, cupcakes, pasteles y el helado. Todo es absolutamente delicioso, pero sin duda mi favoritos son los macarons.
Con muchos sabores interesantes para elegir, mis favoritos son el de pistachio y almendra, pero siempre estoy dispuesta a probar nuevos sabores. Recomendaría totalmente este lugar.Whoa!  The macaron cake that they made for a party I hosted was out of this world!!!! It was a gorgeous white cake filled with strawberry buttercream and covered in a melt in your mouth fondant.  I think I heard a choir of angels when I ate the cake base, but it could have been food ecstasy delirium.  The macarons were in five or six different flavors and so good you couldn't help but eat one every time you walked by the table.  Amazing and visually spectacular.Silly that two girls who don't eat sugar as a rule, would even come in here. We had heard such good things we just had to look. Lucky for us there was sugar free raspberry gelato, and it was the best I've ever had.COME TRY THEIR MACAROONS. They are so soft and fluffy and delicious. I dare say even better than the ones I have had in Paris. My favorite is the Salted Caramel.Every once in a while, you find yourself in love with a certain sweet or food.
Well, my love for macarons has been lifelong. And I swear I dream of the macarons from Sucre. 
If you live in NOLA, or are only traveling through, stop at Sucre and enjoy their beautiful and tasty sweets. 
I'm dreaming of the delectables I will nab on my next visit!Literally the best place to go for gelato! They have a wide variety of flavors to meet everyone taste buds. They offer coffee, milk shakes and a selection of gourmet dessert pastries if your not into gelato. This evening I got the coffee flavored gelato my taste buds are beyond thrilled.I'll admit it- I'm a HUGE fan of Sucre... 
The gelato is incredibly refreshing on a hot summer day, and they have a wide selection of flavors to choose from (they'll also let you have a little taste when you're deciding if you're unsure about a flavor.)
But wait...there's more...
Sucre also has a case full of incredible looking cake-like treats if you're not feeling gelato...and the cupcakes are practically perfect. You can get individual chocolates or create a box to give as a gift by choosing the ones you want from the case in the back. The macarons are a specialty- and they can also be bought individually or as a gift box. There's also a bunch of different candy bar options you can buy to take home.
Oh, and did I mention that the king cake here is one of the best in town- no, seriously- just get at least one next Mardi Gras and see what I'm talking about. I actually tried one at a friend's house and then went to buy one myself because I had to make my SO taste it. 
The shop itself is well-lit, clean and comfortable. There's a lot of indoor seating and a few sidewalk tables if you want to sit outside and watch the action on Magazine. The staff is always really nice and helpful- they'll answer any questions you've got about the desserts. There's a clean, well-maintained bathroom in the back, too.
The coffee here is pretty good- and you can buy a bag to take home if you have a particular favorite blend. (Tchopitoulas blend is a favorite in our household.)
As expected, prices can be a bit high- that's how it goes with gourmet/fancy desserts no matter what city you're in. The point here is that the treats here are actually *worth* the price. (and really- do you want to spend your money and calories on a crappy grocery store cupcake or spend a little more and get something really decadent? I go with decadent every time.)Got the cookies and cream gelato and it was delicious!! Wish I had known it was going to be so good I would have gotten a bigger scoop!Stratciatella americano . Ok
Coconut basil. Good if you like coconut 
Pistachio . Very Good yes
Eggnog. Meh
Charlies . Brownie fudge ripple, need I say more? 
Banana glánduja. Very good yes
Malted milk chocolate bark. Very delicious 
Pbb sorbet. Too hard, okGood Lord this place is delicious! Great little shop full of tasty works of art!Clean and inviting atmosphere. Good gelato and the staff was friendly and helpful. Much better experience here than in the French Quarter Location.The deserts are good. Came on a Saturday night and the server was EXTREMELY rude. We live here and I will not be returning!!A great sweets show off Magazine Street.  Didn't get to try their chocolates or their gelatos, but the French macaroons were pretty and delightful.  I got one of each flavor and I thought the jelly-filled ones tasted the best.  The salted caramel chocolate cupcake was tasty, but the chocolate cake was average tasting while moist while the salted caramel frosting had a weird saltiness to it.  I would have gotten the strawberry cupcake if the flavor of the cupcake wasn't just in the jam filling.I have yet to to patronize any establishment with the a friendlier staff! Go here if you need any desserts with popping visuals. Both the pastries and the chocolate are like art and the flavors are intense. I thought the gelato is hit or miss but my friends really liked it.Cute, charming atmosphere and friendly service!  We highly recommend the AllthingsNola sundae - pecan praline gelato, bananas Foster sauce, candied pecans, chunks of bread pudding, whipped cream and a macaron. Holy cow, it was awesome!My favorite macaroon would be their seasonal summer blackberry and my current favorite is their apple pie. The best in the city for gelato and dessert!!A little pricey but very tasty. Two cakes totaled to $15 something. The cakes are pretty petite so they are definitely a little over priced for what it is. 
I ordered the peanut butter one and my partner ordered the "all things NOLA" which had a layer of bananas foster and is what she wanted. It was all good. Just nothing super special, considering the price tag.
Otherwise, the staff was very friendly and the place was very clean.SO GOOD! Cute shop, great service, delicious treats that are worth the price! My favorite was the coconut basil gelato as well as the blueberry lemon macaron, salted caramel and apple pie macarons. It gets a bit crowded but worth a trip in.THESE CUPCAKES ARE ABSOLUTELY DIVINE. not only are they GORGEOUS. The cake and buttercream are delicious. 
Staff is very friendly, and hospitable. 
Such a wide selection to choose from. We will definitely be back!I love coming here for the gelato. They offer a range of unique flavors that are delicious!
The staff is also friendly and helpful. If you're unsure about what flavor of ice cream to get, they'll let you sample it.
The store presentation is nice, too. Very clean and sleek.
I took a star off because it's kinda expensive. I've never tried anything else on the menu because of the prices. Although recently I had one of their sundaes with their sorbet and OH. EM. GEE. Delicious and refreshing!
This is definitely a type of place you come to treat yourself.Great place. In the touristy Magazine St stroll. 
Great desserts, Gelato, macaroons, and all kinds of other high end, high calorie, goodies. 
I had 2 scoops of Gelato. 
One was coconut/basil. It had the barest hint of sweet basil in a mild coconut flavor. Very tasty in both a light dessert and savory way. 
The other Gelato I had was hazelnut chocolate. Nice mild hazelnut flavor on a light chocolate base. 
The girl who would be my girlfriend had 2 scoops also. Peppermint on dark chocolate w/ fudge sauce. 
She says its "Yum"..
It's she also says it's...
 $$$
Expensive !!  (She paid, lol).
Beautiful display cases full of delicious looking macaroons, cakes, cookies, Gelato, and other sweets. 
Clean, inviting place.From the moment I walked in this place I felt an overcoming.....I didn't realize what I was about to encounter.  .Then I tried a Macaroon.  That is all it took.  Sucré is an emporium of "artisan" sweets. Unlike a traditional bakery, Sucré serves plated desserts with custom garnishes in addition to boxed treats.  
Words can not describe these pastries...IF you would even call them that.  Each one is delicately created, filled with goodness, and sometimes even airbrushed.....
I wasn't a big "sweets" fan.......but now I crave Sucre'.  
I plan on visiting them this weekend!! YUMThis is a magical store with many delectable desserts. It's a great place to grab gelato or even look at their wonderful bakery. They also do a lot of catering for weddings and events so go in and check out this beautiful store. The colors and the candies remind me a of a great dessert store in Paris.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Sugar overload. I skipped dinner to have a brownie sundae and it was well worth it. Get the brownie warmed! The homemade gelato was also pretty tasty. They let you try the different flavors.I love me some Sucre. It is clean, the macarons make great gifts, and the sundaes are AMAZING!!  On one occasion, we actually just had the sundaes for lunch. The Gimme S'more is my favorite, but the Sucre chocolate and the All Things NOLA are superb too. I order their gorgeous King Cakes for gifts- tastes amazing and the cool glittery sugar always has a WOW factor. Love, love, LOVE this place!at this very moment I am enjoying my favorite coffee...an amermicono. as a coffee connoisseur, I go to sucre as often as possible. they actually care about the customers and they make sure whatever you order is to your liking. they serve the finest beverages and gourmet food like pastry's .... chocolate (OMG, the best chocolates in the city!)
a barista named Jessie will often make my coffee because he makes it perfectly! you can always expect fine and fresh products. they even work with local businesses, rather than nameless corporations. it's really great they support nola. I'm all for that! 
if you haven't already, you must check it out. 
everything they serve is amazing!My praline latte was awesome and the cute guy preparing it was an Angeleno too! Unfortunately I did not try any of the sweets-next time!Lovely gelato! I also enjoyed the chicory macaron. Definitely worth a visit to satisfy your sweet tooth.I stopped by sucré to pick up some macaroons and will for sure be going there in the future. I ordered a box of 8, and although at $19 and some change it's on the pricey side, I'd say it's worth it. 
From my most to least favorite:
Salted caramel - was told this was a very popular flavor and can see why. 
Egg nog - surprisingly good and seriously does taste just like eggnog. 
Chickory - was not sure if I was going to like this flavor, as I do not like chickory coffee, but this macaroon really worked. There's a strong coffee flavor to it. 
Mardi Gras (king cake) - I was so surprised at how much like king cake this tasted, and liked it a lot. Plus it comes in fun king cake colors. 
Chocolate - a very standard chocolate macaroon, very good. 
Vanilla - another basic flavor, but I wasn't disappointed at all. 
Hazelnut - was excited to taste this as I love hazelnut and chocolate pairings but was a little disappointed. I could barely taste the hazelnut. 
Chocolate covered - not only was the chocolate covered my least favorite It was actually just gross. It looked really cute, as it had a bit of a gold leaf design, but the novelty ended there for me. The chocolate tastes old (trust me on this I work at Godiva) and it totally took away from the macaroon inside. 
They also serve gelato, and although I did not buy any, the friend with me sampled some and loved itThe macarons are delicious and I had a taste of my son's ice cream,it's okay but I'm sorry I can't afford this.I stopped in the veterans store on the way to my doctor appointment today,got a couple treats for the staff I've been seeing for over 20 years.But $57.91 I almost crapped my drawers.Took my little sweets and went on my way,as I looked at the receipt,I call Bullcrap!!Especially love the bottom of receipt stating,NO REFUNDS,NO EXCHANGES.I guess I can understand cause I definitely would have went back for a refund.In the past,about a year ago,you could get a certain amount in a box for $18.00.Now,you're charged individually for the gift box of macarons.Bummer!!Also,we had to wait,one girl was arranging the chocolate boxes in the case and the other was ,well Idk but after staring for a few minutes,she came over.The third employee was with a customer.Maybe if you put that missing "o"back in macaron,I'd feel betterI walked by and they were advertising a cool coconut mint tea drink on their chalkboard outside.  It was really really hot and I thought it sounded super refreshing so I decided to try one.  I know I am in the south and that they love their sweet tea but I couldn't believe how sweet this was.  It was just black tea with mint syrup and coconut syrup.  I was at least expecting mint tea instead of a flavored sugary syrup.  I like tea because of the clean flavor it provides but this concoction didn't even resemble tea at all and I couldn't even force it down if I wanted to.  It was the first time that any of the staff had made the drink so maybe they didn't make it right.  Who knows.
They did allow me to switch it out for an iced coffee.I was REALLY bummed when I read the great reviews of this place and had such a yucky experience.  I bought one single almond macaroon for $2.25!  I thought that price was outrageous, especially since I had read reviews about them giving away their macaroons!  Then I bit into it, and was really upset: the macaroon was bland.  Very disappointing.This review is for their mail order business!  Their King Cakes are as beautiful as they are delicious.  I am a native of New Orleans who now lives in L. A.  I have ordered from Sucre for three years in a row and the cakes are always the hit of the office!  But even better than their wonderful sweets are the friendly hard working staff.  Ann Marie went the whole nine yards to make sure that my cake was delivered on time even with the huge rush that they were experiencing.  
I always visit when I'm in town and it is so hard to choose from their wonderful selections.  But it is nice to know that they make everything else easy!This place is like a roller coaster. .. dirty spoons, forgotten order,  no I'm sorry..shouting caaapuucino instead of bringing it to the table after waiting like a fool... was $2 tip on $12 bill too little? I don't know but it will only get smaller next time,  if there will be a next time. ..
I guess it is time for another reboot...Happiness. That's really the best way to describe Sucre. This place is just sheer joy. We happened to stop by Sucre as we were wandering along Magazine street. I could not be happier that we made this pit stop. 
It's a dessert shop with gelato, chocolates, macaroons, and beautiful little desserts. Each of the desserts comes with a scoop of the gelato atop a thoughtful crumble accompanyment. I got the white chocolate bread pudding with brown butter gelato atop candied pecans. My girlfriend got the smores with a vanilla bean gelato over graham crackers. The artfully presented desserts are a joy to have and just oh so delicious. Desserts are priced similarly to nicer restaurants, but provides a nice opportunity to treat yourself to something nice without having to pony up for a full restaurant. 
My girlfriend liked the smores dessert, but I must say it was quite sweet for me. The bread pudding was delicious... but the gelatos were... just awesome. It can be a bit out of the way... but I would highly recommend sucre if you're in the area.Whatever I say will not do it justice.  Save yourself the frustration of not finding it and having to eat through other things and order the OREO thing from the get go(***** stars). After that, unless you are a dessert aficionado, you will be in chocolate bliss.  Just to be complete they have a great coffee bar and serve gelato.  Chocolate conifer station in the back where you can take home unique take home morsels to enjoy.  Very clean and great use of open space.  I don't do desserts but this is definitely part of my death row last meal.This place is sugar heaven. I'm just being critical in not giving it a 5 star. Their Gelato are awesome! Loved the almond one and the coconut basil - hands down. 5 star to them definitely. Macarons were great! I enjoyed their Turtle as well but felt it was a little pricey and so did the chocolates. Will definitely be there next time I visit NOLA.Sucre makes me feel like the inner princess hiding within me..Itsy, bitsy, dainty and of course cute. I love the vibrant colors that can be seen immediately walking in, in addition to this, the abundance of sweet, and salty flavors that consume your naval cavity. I had been conquering NOLA all afternoon and needed a pick me up so I decided to try the White Chocolate Lavender with a shot of espresso. Of course, this concoction isn't served like this on the menu but my barista didn't mind tickling my fancy. I like this place, it reminds me of the other several princess wonders of the American World like Sugar, that make you relive all of your childhood dreams...Well-adorned but mediocre cupcake with dry crumb and weak flavor profile. 
I ordered the salted caramel chocolate cupcake. It left much to be desire. 
The presentation was odd. A cupcake on it's side makes it onerous to navigate and throws off the natural progression of the fork through the icing and subsequent layers. 
The cupcake crumb itself was fairly bland and dry. It didn't have a detectable or interesting flavor. 
The buttercream topping was oddly dense and to sugary for the amount given. It just felt as if they believe that adding more topping will mask the mediocre crumb. While the topping was smooth, it maintain an overtly dense mouthfeel that felt unbecoming of a dish that is meant to be enjoyed in cross-sectional bites.My love for Sucre continues to grow exponentially every single time I go in there. Lately it has been packed- but that doesn't stop the good customer service from floating across the gelato cases. 
I am a chocaholic and i get cravings for two different varieties: chocolate with espresso and chocolate with some kind of spice (think cayenne pepper). Last night I was wishing I had a bar of my favorite spicy chocolate and decided to take a walk with the boy over to Sucre. Sure enough, they have a wonderful flavor of gelato just Waiting for me there! How exciting is that that I can wish up my favorite flavor and they will have it. AND, there was not just one spice- there were many! It was a whole flavorful party on my tongue. Ohhh and you have to try their triple chocolate. It tastes like a cool, smooth, chocolate truffle. MMM
I've been trying to decide how to pick between Sucre and its neighbor for some time now. But, Sucre just keeps on winning. Their banana gelato with chocolate and hazelnut is so good you will go back for more the same day- i'm sure of it! Their espresso-laden flavor (i'm forgetting all of their fancy names) is so creamy and dreamy I cannot believe this is real.
But what really throws me over the top for Sucre is that they offer more than just gelato. They have beautiful special occasion cakes- wedding, baby shower, etc. There is an enormous chocolate section in the back. A whole case of special pastries. Tins of chocolate drinking milk. Teas. Cookies (their macaroons are becoming famous, huh?). Basically, everything you could want from a dessert place Sucre delivers. 
The only thing I have yet to try is their coffee- which is here is good quality. 
This is why I've had to come back and offer up Sucre 5 stars and a shining review. There is nothing wrong with this place- but even more so, there is everything right about it. 
PS, i've gained 10lbs since living in this neighborhood. :) heheOn a hot day Sucre looks like an oasis with the fresh gelato easily visible from the door.  The strawberry shortcake that I had with big chunks of cake in it was delicious.  The mango shake they crafted for a friend from their mango sorbet was delicious.  
Overall, I would say the place was nice enough.  The staff are somehow both all over you to ask what you want while still being inattentive and ignoring you to stare new people down while they walk into the store.  The decor is clean and modern.  
As a brief respite from the heat, this place is fantastic.  But overall, I don't feel drawn to visit here often.  There are plenty of good desert places in this city with much more character.Really enjoyed the gelato here. We drove all the way across town for some gelato when I was in town for business. We also had some of the pricey yummy chocolates on another night. So, twice in 1 business trip when we were there for a week. Plus it's in a nice area of New Orleans, gets you out of the dirty area and less touristy areas.I have only been in here twice and I never returned because the staff was so rude. One employee argued with me over what chocolate I wanted to purchase. The other ignored me till I asked if I could purchase something, to which she replied, "Umm, yeah." and proceed to leave me at the counter and walked to the back of the store. It's no wonder they are always hiring.This shop is so cute!  It is very good place to bring out of towners for a sweet treat.  
The macaroons are hubby's favorite.  I love the blood orange and bread pudding gelato, as well as, the eclairs.  The cup cakes are huge and dusted with edible glitter. Mmmmm!  You really can't go wrong with the housemade marshmallows, either.  They also make wedding cakes and chocolates. 
I give this place 4 stars, however I too have experienced rude staff.   (I am not deducting for their behavior, because I have also gone there and experienced no problems at all.)  I plan on getting wedding favors from here.  We'll see how that goes. ;)I've decided to add another unnecessary review to yelp for Sucré. Why? Because it's so damn good I felt it was necessary. If you are looking for a gift for your girlfriend, you can't beat a box of their macaroons. Every girl I've ever bought them for became obsessed with them. Their desserts are absolutely beautiful. I've tasted a few of the cakes, and while some I just wasn't into, they were all amazing. For me though, I always get the hazelnut gelato, it tastes like Nutella ice cream. Who doesn't want Nutella ice cream?I had never had macarons before this place opened. They are around the corner from my boyfriends house so we frequent there often for desert! Try the hazelnut macarons, the salted caramel cupcake (it has a chocolate fleur de lis on it) or the gelato. The deserts and candys can get a bit pricy so be careful or you can get too much of a good thing!Bought a few macarons. Wanted to buy a few sweet drinks for my friends and I but the lady behind the counter was taking her sweet old time making the drink! Took her about 8 min to make one! I had 3 drink orders so 24 min was too long to wait so I left. The girl handling the cashier while I bought macarons was as stuck up as they come. She was very unlike the rest of Nola. I'm thankful that I came here last because sucre had the worst service id seen here. I hope no one thinks that this town sucks because of these few moody bitches.Very nice looking sweet shop, with a large variety of pastries, gelato, chocolate truffles, and other goodies.  I only had the cafe au lait, so I can't comment on the quality, but the range of flavors and the beauty of display made this a great place to visit.  
Among the pretty packages was an adorable tiny purse shaped truffle box.  I did not see any outlets near my seating area to charge my phone.A little on the pricey side but yummy desserts. Went on a Saturday night and it was busy but the staff was attentive. Didn't plan on getting coffee but it smelled so good I got one anyway.I'm toying with giving 5 stars because I am not sure what more I would expect from a place that serves beautiful desserts, I mean beautiful, long list of gelatos and the servers were friendly and patient with our queries. Ok, I just made this a five star review -  we all had something different and while we all said we were full from dinner,  we all finished every bit of the desserts we ordered.    I will be back when I'm in town again.Enjoyed the treats. Eclair and apple pommel were delicious. A bit pricey for the size, but the quality was excellent.Expensive but very good gelato.  Great selections and quite authentic i.e. comparable if not better than what you get in Italy.   Would skip on the other stuff, cupcake, apple cobbler etc as this is average at best and not worth the money.....stick with the gelato, yummy!Great gelato, macarons, chocolates and desserts. The service is excellent too. The hardest part is deciding what to order.The cute little dessert place is snuggled on Magazine. They serve desserts such as macarons, little cakes, gelatos, and shakes. We had the pistachio and strawberry gelato as well as box of assorted macarons (amazing by the way, not too sweet!)Great desserts on Magazine Street. I came here for the Macarons (or Macaroons). They had quite a few flavors and they all looked great. I decided to try a pistachio and chocolate before I invested in a dozen to take back to share with my hubby. Like a previous yelper pointed out they are delicate and true to their review it crumbled on the first bite. The flavor of the pistachio and chocolate was also lacking. It was underwhelming.
So, I decided to change gears. I went back to the counter and the helpful staff helped me identify which cakes could survive without refrigeration ( my hotel room had no fridge) to take back to share. I purchase slices of German Chocolate cake and a white cake. The slices of cake not only looked great but they were delicious.  If I lived in New Orleans this would be a regular stop for cakes.Who doesn't love sweets? Walking into Sucre is a delightful experience for anyone with a sweet tooth.  The decor is gorgeous and the walls are lined with color.  The gelato, sexy deserts, chocolates, and colorful macaroons really catch your eye.  Looks, however, are sometimes deceiving.  The desserts, while eye-catching, sparkly, and breathtakingly beautiful, their quality of flavor disappoints.  I've had a broad array of quite many desserts: an eclair, flour-less chocolate cake, chocolate and raspberry delight, peanut butter chocolate cupcake, red velvet cake, and gelato.  Certainly not everything they had to offer.  I was impressed by very few of their products outside of aesthetics.  The eclair was certainly not in the top 5 or even 10 that I have had.  In fact, if not for its appearance, one can get 30 mini frozen eclairs from the frozen section of Wal-Mart that taste better than this one for the same price.  The peanut butter chocolate cupcake looks amazing, but in truth the cake was dry and the peanut icing was nothing special.  I wish I could report the cupcake was amazing, but unfortunately, I was so disappointed that I threw it away after a couple of bites despite the $4 I spent.  The red velvet cake was far below par.  Once again, beautiful, the dessert's desirable palatability was lacking.  The cake was incredibly spongy and slightly dry.  The cake however was the best part.  The icing had apparent lab-made flavors that drew away from the normally delightful cream cheese icing red velvet cake generally has.  For my favorite cake, I was incredibly disappointed.  I wish I would have put on a shelf and admired it rather than taken even one bite.  The same can be said of the cookies n' cream gelato a friend had tried.  Every pallet in the group could detect the artificial flavor within the usually glorious italian dessert.  Not everything was as lacking.  Their adorable flour-less chocolate cake was quite delightful, both in aesthetics and taste.  It must be noted, though, that unless you like high cocoa chocolates, you will probably not care for this dessert.  It is low in sugar showing off the great flavors of cocoa has to offer.  The chocolate and raspberry delight was simply delightful.  A great thin slice of chocolate cake was hidden within the sparkly pink hemisphere covered in chocolate ganache.  Hidden over the cake and under the ganache was a wonderful raspberry surprise made likely with a strong compote mixed with a chocolate mouse.  Unfortunately, I don't think they currently have this on their menu, but if it returns, it is a definite win if you are there.  You certainly pay an arm and a leg for presentation.  Each of their gorgeous mini-sized, stunning desserts is presented on a rectangular white plate with a simple drizzle of chocolate.  If you want to impress a date, this surely will, but know to pick wisely because many things do not meet expectations and know you will pay $6-$10 for one small, but rich treat.I'm not sure what's happening to my taste preferences lately. I've never been really big on sweets but stumbling upon shops like District and Sucré, is bringing those urges from dormancy. I've been here a few times by this point and each time has been great.
Today I waltzed in with my sights set on the peanut butter crunch gelato thanks to an alluring picture I spotted in the app. I was in between places and wanted something quick and sweet, a small cup most certainly sufficed. The shop is really cool looking, I dig the lighting and color scheme. It felt exactly like what I would expect a gelato shop to be.
There are a lot of unique flavors and interesting looking specialty desserts. It'd be really nice if we had one of these in Mid City,  jus sayin.How cute is this place! I originally stopped by to get coffee to go, but actually had to sit down to enjoy my coffee to go, because I already decided to get ANOTHER coffee after I finished my first one. Sucre offers AMAZING coffee. It's been months since I've visited, but I still think about the coffee and how happy it made me :')Time to focus! Do not get distracted by the chocolate and cakes staring at you. They may be good but if you want to "delighted", go straight for the coconut basil sorbet! Real ingrediants, real taste! Just go!Great gelato, great service. I also ordered some chocolate explosion dessert cake that I will never remember the name of. It had chocolate everything inside and a crusty chocolate exterior, but managed to be light, and not grossly cakey or thick.This place is great!! The sweets are sweet, but not overwhelming. We tried a variety of goods, and each order was prepared beautifully and with obvious care.
We sampled a few DELICIOUS gelato flavors, including the nectar and pumpkin spice. Definitely was tempted by the gelato! (lactose intolerant tho)
I got a cupcake, and it was carefully laid on the plate and surrounded in chocolate syrup for aesthetic.
My friend got a large brownie, also covered in caramel and warmed up on the plate.
Two of my friends split one of the sundaes - the All Things Nola . The banana foster at the bottom was SO sweet, but if you mix it with the rest of the ice cream, it is perfect. Very very tasty--highly recommend on a hot day.
A little pricey, but the awesome quality treats and the top-notch service make it worth the visit.My girlfriend and I were disappointed. We'd been wanting to go for some time and we finally went today. The food, admittedly, was at least somewhat tasty. But it was not worth the price. Especially not at the portions given. But what really got to us was the poor service. Almost everyone in the shop looked pissed to just be there and they weren't nice at all while taking our order. Maybe it was just a bad day, but we aren't keen on going back. Sorry to say that. We really wanted to like it.Pleasing and welcoming environment, with friendly staff.
I only tried the macrons here, and boy is it delicious and so decadent. Be careful of taking shots and shots of these tiny delicious treats, I know its hard to resists these goodies, they're quite expensive (almost $2 a piece), BUT SO YUM!Eh. So-so. Ambiance: white walls adorned with whimsical paintings give the place an inviting feel. Seating was not hard to find. Price: average, I ended up paying around $9 for a small cake and 1 macaron. Desserts: I got a lychee panna cotta with strawberries and mango sorbet. I was not too find of it, the lychee part was too gelatinous for me. I also got a macaron, in which the filling was too soft, almost liquidy. The red velvet cupcake was a bit dry.In a quaint neighborhood. Beautiful display of wide array of sweets. We had an assortment of macaroons, all of which are tasty! We also tried their ice cream, delicious! Quite pricey.Short and simple review here.
The place to go to for fancy desserts!  The gelato is all good.  I've had every macaroon and have not been disappointed.
The little plate desserts are really where they shine.  I normally get the s'more bowl and I recommend you do as well.
The only thing I would stay away from is their coffee.  If you want something simple they can handle it, but once you get into your fancier lattes and such they aren't worth the money.We found this place by accident walking along magazine Street after dinner.  Boy am I glad we did! We liked it so much we returned 3 more times the week we were there.  
They have all kinds of sweets including ice cream, Gelato, gourmet cupcakes, chocolates, assorted gourmet desserts, and macaroons. I had a chocolate Oreo cupcake that was just OK.  Every time we went I got the confetti cupcake ice cream.  It was like nothing I've ever had before.  It was a vanilla birthday cake flavor with chunks of vanilla cake and sprinkles throughout.  AMAZING! I'm sure going to miss this place when I get home.  
I did want to try the macaroons but $2 a piece seemed quite ridiculous for what they are.Stopped here after a dinner date with my husband for some dessert. I must say the first thing that caught my eye about this place was the ambience it was so cute! I love it.
Let's get to the sweets:
Well I had the intensions of going to try their macaroons but ended up getting their ice cream. I must say I made a GREAT decision. I their coconut basil was so different and strange but so good. You get to sample before choosing so that was also a winner for me.
I had to try their macaroons. Honestly I've had better BUT the texture of these were amazing soft. I would definitely get them again here. Just when you've had found your ideal macaroons it's kind of hard to top it.
Overall: I love this place and I plan on returning to try their other desserts.Great little dessert spot!! Stopped in for a treat after a very disappointing dinner and the dessert totally turned my night around! I tasted 4 flavors because they all sounded so good before finally deciding on funfetti cupcake and brown butter pecan. Both flavors were scrumptious, to say the very least. It was one of those desserts where I was left wanting more rather than wishing I hadn't indulged. The only reason I am giving four starts rather than five is that one of my friends ordered a brownie and it was very dry. Regardless, the gelato is a hit and I would highly recommend Sucré!!I love the sundae's and sherbet. I always get the lemon lime sherbet since i like sour stuff. Also, i tried their red velvet cake which was delicious :) On the other hand, the macaroons did not seem to satisfy me since it just breaks apart (maybe because my boss brought me some macaroons from a friend which is so SOFT and CHEWY). I wish they would have more varieties. Other than that, great place to go to :)Was thrilled to find this !!
Had an absolutely decadent and wonderful cake, pistachio cream, and cherry layered dessert followed by really wonderful milkshake laced with kahula, praline liqueur then covered with whip cream.
YUM.  The liqueur in the ice cream (which is plentiful) sneaks up on you.  Maybe I should have taken a cab home ;)  
And yes, I'd gladly pay $10 for this milkshake again.Love their selection of decadent desserts! I always stop by here when I'm in New Orleans. I hate that sometimes during busy hours, they're out of a lot of things.I only tasted the gelato, and the two flavors I tried were yummy and had good mouthfeel. We ogled the chocolates and truffles and they were very pretty and sounded yummy. However, today we chose pastries. The fallen chocolate souffle was yum, probably would have been better on its own. The Xocalate Sucre was divinely dark and bitter (so it overshadowed the souffle a bit). The vanilla cupcakes were ok, the buttercream had a nice reak butter aftertaste and it was not very sweet. This was a plus for me, but a lot of people might prefer it to be sweeter and with more flavor. The "twinkles" (Twinkies) were also light and not very sweet, even with the sparkley sugar on top. This place is very sparkly overall and elegant with pistachio gelato colored pale green decor.We stumbled upon this adorable sweet shop while walking around the Garden District.  The decor is fun and inviting, and the treats we sampled were quite delicious.  Everyone who worked there was also warm and helpful.
My friend had gelato, which I sampled and it was good.  I had a turtle, which was also delicious, and a latte that was quite good. I also sampled a mardi gras macaron and quite enjoyed it.  We spent a bit of time admiring all the chocolates and both ended up taking some home.  The little purses for small numbers of chocolates are adorable!
I'm so glad we chanced upon this place, and I'd absolutely visit again.  It is a bit expensive, but you get quality stuff.The macaroons were delicious and very fresh. Try almond and salted caramel :)I had been dying to try this place for ages before we even went to New Orleans and it certainly did not disappoint!  I honestly can't even remember all the flavors of macaron that I got, I'm sure vanilla, chocolate, hazelnut, strawbery and such were in there but the one that stands out the most and that surprised me the most was the white chocolate lavender!  Everything in the place looked amazing but I had macarons on the brain that day and only left with a huge box.
I would definitely go back and highly recommend them.  Again, I don't even remember all the flavors that I got but everything was so good that I don't think you can go wrong.I have mixed feelings. I adore their petit vanilla cakes, chocolates selection and about half of their sorbet, but everything else is, quite frankly, sub-standard. A lot of their sweets and cupcakes are dry. I've definitely had much better. The only reason I continue to go: it's really the only remotely "higher-end" (i guess?) bakery in uptown.Thank you, dear fellow yelpers for voting and giving me the distinct honor of Review of the Day LA East for 'Lette Macarons! http://www.yelp.com/biz/lette-macarons-pasadena#hrid:Ex807rwYaUrXzS4SlLLtHQ
To celebrate this occasion, may I present a review for...drumroll please...
MACARONS in NOLA!!!
A little macaron research can be found here:
http://www.yelp.com/list/the-great-macaron-throwdown-los-angeles
http://www.yelp.com/list/the-great-socal-macaron-throwdown-los-angeles-2
Sucré, is a French adjective for 'sweet' and there certainly are a great deal of delectable sweets here ranging from cakes to gelato to chocolates, and of course...macarons!
***BEGIN SIDEBAR PET PEEVE RANTING***
People often debate the spelling and reckon macarons synonymous with 'macaroons.' While technically correct due to etymology derived from the same Italian word, macarons ARE SIMPLY NOT THE SAME as macaroons! If you ask any person what a macaroon is, chances are that person will answer that it is a sugary confection mound of shredded coconut. If you ask that same person what a Parisian/French macaron is, chances are they are ignorant of any difference. It is shameful for a business such as Sucré to perpetuate confusion by referring to the Parisian macaron (as created by Maison Ladurée) as macaroon! http://www.laduree.fr/en/histoire/macaron
***END SIDEBAR PET PEEVE RANTING***
But before we dive into the macaron review, here are a few other items I was able to try at Sucré.
Medium 2 Scoop Gelato ($5.00)
Sicilian Pistachio Gelato: 3.5/5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jar_5KMQZtgOseRdUN3L0w?select=g67HjFM_v-436lx_K_GcIQ
Very thick and extremely creamy, but underwhelming in pistachio flavor and tasted more like cinnamon. Along with a lacking pistachio flavor was a lack of pistachio bits.
Triple Dark Chocolate Gelato: 4.5/5
Being dark chocolate, I was expecting bitter but still this flavor did not disappoint. It was well balanced and not too sweet. Fantastic creamy texture.
Caffe Latte: 3.5/5
I asked for ristretto shot but was informed their espresso machine was fully automatic. In spite of that, the pulled shots were not too bitter and had a fair amount of sweetness.
Iced Caffe Latte: 4/5
I preferred this one for two reasons: 1) It was hot outside so an iced espresso beverage was more logical; 2) Diluted ice assisted in cutting any bitterness.
***BEGIN MACARON REVIEW***
Custom Macaron Collection 15 pc ($25.00)
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jar_5KMQZtgOseRdUN3L0w?select=SKIfKqW7sBG6gfMfSTXj1A
Some notes and common traits on Sucré's macarons:
* When purchased individually: $2 each. Overpriced for this quality of product
* Inconsistent shapes and thickness
* Between your fingers they feel very fragile and too airy
* Shell is too brittle
* Cookie is too moist
* Most macarons had major air pockets between shell and cookie (see photos)
* Ganache is melty and not firm and creamy
Chocolate Covered Macaron: 3.5/5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jar_5KMQZtgOseRdUN3L0w?select=HHbmNEe9JzAVE8M3k0S6sw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jar_5KMQZtgOseRdUN3L0w?select=h4GEk0t6DrwEt9xZEXYgDw
Single-sided macaron topped by gold leaf and a base of ganache. Mildly dark.
Pistachio: 2/5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jar_5KMQZtgOseRdUN3L0w?select=qDGygpQvEZr4IY3MztCKtw
Pistachio flavor was very weak.
Salted Caramel: 2.5/5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jar_5KMQZtgOseRdUN3L0w?select=EV2zhh5Ew1JAvCy2IG102A
Toooooooo sweet!!! Faint salt flavor.
Strawberry: 2.75/5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jar_5KMQZtgOseRdUN3L0w?select=qmtp2vQs3l8JTyD9PwzuYg
Again, too sweet and tasted artificial.
Pecan: 1/5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jar_5KMQZtgOseRdUN3L0w?select=5xxZW8FzM1EhH4KKIhmZ0A
Worst of the bunch. Tasted old and had hard, dry ganache.
Almond: 3.5/5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jar_5KMQZtgOseRdUN3L0w?select=F25-Ss5E80csNO4kTMucNQ
Nice almond flavor with substantial filling.
Chocolate: 3.75/5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jar_5KMQZtgOseRdUN3L0w?select=hdb91ga8hE2IHb006upM7g
Not too sweet and fair amount of ganache.
You are given a card detailing macaron flavors, but the card is practically useless because there are no pictures next to each flavor.
Service was friendly and helpful.
Do not purchase a bottle of water but rather, ask for a cup of water. A 16.9oz bottle is $2.00.
Final thoughts...
Unfortunately NOLA yelpers, your macaron choices are practically limited to Sucré and Croissant d'Or. A tip for my LA, NY, Paris friends: Pass on these macarons!This has definitely became my place of happiness, a place where only smiles live. A place where one goes to get lost... Okay maybe Im over doing it, but I do enjoy this place. Recently me and the bf visited and first off, they had sooo many things to try: The King Cake, which was yummy and their infamous macaroons which are pretty in my opinion.   We ended up buy something called Chocolate Ecstasy(Im sure I'm wrong, but you get the point) soooo much rich chocolate, I don't even truly enjoy chocolate like many women yet this yummy dessert was wonderful. I would definitely get it again.  I think this is a good place just to go try out different pretty desserts with a loved one or friend. Very opening space and a good meetup area especially in the heart of Magazine Street.Fantastic spot for your post dinner sweet tooth. Full selection of assorted chocolate truffles, macarons, gelato, specialty desserts, and a full coffee/Italian soda bar. I had the dark chocolate bark which is absolutely Devine. Also sampled the macaroons which are deliciously sweet and fluffy. Perfect spot for a gift box of delicious sweets. The gelato is fantastic as well, fruit flavors are sweet and not too filling. Loud atmosphere inside but they also offer outdoor seating. Quick checkout and super friendly and helpful staff. Always a routine stop along my magazine street stroll!Don't come here if you're on a diet. You'll want to come EVERYTHING in sight! First, the ambiance of the place is fresh and inviting, and the cases of gorgeous treats makes the decision feel like a crime because I wanted it all! I sampled the chocolate coconut gelato and the peanut butter gelato but nothing compared to my final selection of coconut basil gelato. You read that right, coconut basil. Who would've thought?! It was perfectly refreshing and not overly sweet. The small bits of basil were like finding bits of sunshine among the fresh, real taste of coconut (none of that artificial flavored stuff)! Worth the price for a cup as that's all you'll need to satisfy any sweet tooth.The staff was extremely friendly and helpful; they let you try as many flavors as you want before ordering. The gelato was delicious, by far the best I have ever had! The pricing was a little expensive but definitely worth it.Great little sweet shop with lots of options to choose from. They have several flavors of macaroons, tons of ice cream flavors, chocolates, cupcakes and lots of sweets and pastries. This makes a great addition to Magazine Street, nestled in between shops for when you want to give your credit card a bit of a break. 
I tried the lemon pie ice cream and a strawberry and salted caramel macaroon. Everything was really well done from the touch of jam in my strawberry macaroon to the pieces of graham cracker crust in the lemon pie ice cream. 
A great place to check out if you are in the area. I doubt you would be disappointed with anything you choose!I had the almond and pistachio macarons. The almond was the best! The pistachio one was good too but had less flavor than I expected. 
I also had the basil coconut gelato and the pineapple passion fruit and cilantro gelato. They were both delicious. The passion fruit one is an explosion of flavor. 
My son had a vanilla ice cream which was okay. 
The service was good and the place was cute! I have only good things to say about Sucre. Go check it out!This place is basically ice-cream, sweet things, and coffee heaven! The decor is very bright and airy, and the menu is plentiful, so it can fill all your needs. The staff were friendly, and not in any way over the top. I had the "All Things NOLA" sundae... definitely a dessert for 2 people, as I was unable to finish it on my own, but I still enjoyed it immensely. I had a blackberry macaroon, and an espresso too.. all of which were delicious. I wish there were more stores around like this one.Yes. Go. Eat everything that looks good bc you won't be disappointed. Have been before and got a heavenly praline cake slice! This time I got a s'mores dessert in a skillet with an ice cream scoop. Holy cow! It was fabulous.YUM!!! That is all I need to say! The cupcakes are amazing and the gelato is so rich and yummy! I definitely recommend!I'm like a kid in a candy store when I walk in here. I love their gelato, bread pudding, and milkshakes. Specialty chocolates are killer. They occasionally get swamped, but I think they've addressed this issue with additional staff/faster service over time. When out on the town, skip the dessert at the restaurant and go here. Great to sit by yourself with a book, with a group of friends, or when on a date. Even better to order to go and enjoy on the couch at home.Mmmmm...I have to say that I love, love, LOVED their frozen milk chocolate drink....SOOO good!  And the selection of gelatos and ice creams and sweet concoctions was delightful.  I'd heard of this place on Yelp and TripAdvisor while researching before our trip, so I knew I'd have to give it a try if the chance arose, which happily it did one morning while perusing the Garden District and Magazine St.  All in all, very good, and we'd go back again, though it is a TAD pricey.The gelato was fabulous, the brownies were amazing and the customer service & atmosphere was great!!!!I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
Also on my list of must visits when I go back to NOLA to visit.
Desert that is as delicious to the mouth as it  is to the tummy.  &&&  I must say from my Interior Design POV this is one of my favorite spaces on the planet.  It's retro & modern.  The colors are whimsical and slightly thin mint inspired.
One night after checking out Christmas lights we stopped by and got hot beverages (unofficially) with liquor.  Straight up decadent.  May I recommend the hot chocolate with frangelico??????  Do IT!
In the daytime I come to split a desert with mom or a friend and have tea.  Yea!  
Oh yea, I also LOVE their window displays & cakes on display.
One day when I grow up I will have one of my own ; )Great options for all kinds of sweets. From gelato to pastries to cakes to chocolate. Can't go wrong if you've got a sweet tooth. Solid flavors all around. 
Grab some sweets and one of the coffee options (I chose to go with the Cappuccino and it was really good).I think I have food radar. I had no idea this place existed but we lucked into it after our cemetery tour at Lafayette 1. It was my intent to walk to Magazine street and find a place for lunch but we definitely found more than that! SUGAR!
We bought a bag full and carried it around with us all day until we got back to the hotel. There we each gorged on our chosen dessert and shared the box of macarons.  We regretted not buying a king cake but we super excited to find the front desk people at our hotel had bought one for us to try the very next day.
The macarons are perfect and flavourful. Try the mardi gras macaron, it's like a party in your mouth!Sucre is so tasty and great-- Their macarons and ice cream are to die for! It's the cutest place aesthetically and every is super kind. Caleb makes my day every time I'm there-- definitely stop by if you're uptown!Go early as it got quite crowded. Also claim your place in line. Numerous people walked in front of me as there really wasnt any organization. Also the bars are now apparently 8 dollars even though signs in store and website say 7 dollars. when I notified them had been billed inacurately they didnt honor their online or in store price. The hot chocolate was quite good though.Come here for several things: EVERYTHING. 
Where to start? Let's begin with one of their more unique offerings: the french macroons. They are soooooooo good. And so lovely. But what is more beautiful than these delicate, airy, gorgous desserts? The whole friggin dessert case. The desserts are so delicious and interesting but what really grabs you about them is how visually titilating they are. They are the types of cakes etc. that when you get them you are almost pained to cut into them. They change quite frequently too. I've had: mini apple cruble, passion fruit something or other, red velvet cake, mango cake among various others whose names elude me. So delectible and luscious. The chocolates are the same way. Beautiful and delicious. I once had a green tea one that was incredible. 
The gelato is great as well but if you are after just gelato go to Angelo Brocatto. They specialize in gelato for a reason. 
Oh and their King Cakes during the mardi gras season are, running with the visually intoxicating theme here, the most beautiful you can find. Don't know how they taste since they are spendy for a college kid budget, not to mention i like mine cream cheese filled anyways, but I've heard that they do not disappoint.My girlfriend and I stopped at this location as well as their location in the French Quarter,  Both locations are sleek and welcoming.  Besides their offering of pastries (I can personally attest that the banana cream pie is the bomb) and gelato, they also serve up king cake during Mardi Gras.  You can get it by the slice or an entire cake.  Disclaimer:  I'm not a king cake aficionado but I thought their rendition was tasty.  Rich and moist without being too sweet.gelato in a purple cup? my place to be! I also loved this little cafe. strolling on magazine street was my favorite part of New Orleans.I went here Friday afternoon and was tempted by the chocolate eggs but the line was too long; knowing that I'd be back the next day, I passed at had gelato down the block.
I went back Saturday and there was no line around 6 pm. The heat had me craving gelato so I settled on a small with triple chocolate and cherry. The triple chocolate was delicious--full of large pieces of Sucre chocolate and flavorful without being an overload of chocolate. The cherry was also tasty, but the chocolate was the standout for me. A small set me back about $4.50 after taxes.
Since my chocolate tooth was satisfied, I had no desire to pay $2.75 for a chocolate egg. Instead, I indulged and purchased a salted caramel macaroon. It was alright, but nothing overly memorable about it other than the hefty $2 price tag. 
I ate my gelato at Sucre, which had a decent lounge and was fun for people watching on that stretch of Magazine. 
While the gelato was tasty, I preferred the gelato at La Divina Gelateria.New Orleans does not have Ladurée. It has sucre. It is a little bit wannabe at first but you kind of love it. So the ice cream here is delicious and they have a rich sundae selection. My personal favorite would be the brownie sundae. They also offer a cookie sundae which comes over a delicious chocolaty cookie. Though they do not sell these cookies separately and it is too much in 3-pack. Macarons are also decent, not maybe as creative as Ladurée but still you will find the essentials. Cupcakes are really good if you are a fan -which I am not since it is a torture to eat them and I think they are overrated- but their chocolaty cupcake was also very good. They also have larger chocolate sets and goodies which you can buy for someone on a special day and make them happy. Sucre has one no-brainer and one in-the-middle-of-nowhere locations in town as of today. But they will be coming to French quarter very soon which is an astute move to pull.What a jewel in the French Quarter. I brought home a King Cake for Mardi Gras, everyone back in Atlanta thought it not only looked amazing but it tasted amazing as well. I was so happy with that purchase that I purchased the Patty Cake and had it sent to my lifelong Irish friends in Minnesota to celebrate in March. Beautiful displays, scrumptious food and gorgeous to look at, you ALMOST don't want to eat them. Don't miss this place when you are in the Quarter!I think what makes Sucré is the presentation of their desserts. Taste is excellent, but you really come here to stare at the miniature cheesecakes in amazement, debating whether you should take bite or destroy the prettiest thing you've ever seen. Either way you leave satisfied!I dragged my husband to Magazine Street just to get some macarons and it was definitely worth the drive. I bought eight delicious macarons but I'm taking a star out because I didn't get a pretty box. for the price, I think I everybody should get a pretty box. I don't think I will have to drag my husband the next time we nola, because this was the first time I actually had to share my macarons with him!One of my favorite dessert places! The gelato is always my go to when I come to eat. The first one I ever tried was the mango. And I must say... It tasted like real mango! When I had my first bite, I could definitely tell that they make it fresh and it's their own recipe. It's not that powder or whatever taste that some places have. Not only is the mango flavor good, but so are the others like mint chocolate chip, cookies and cream, and one of my favorites, tiramisu (although there's only certain times of the year that has it). If you want more than just gelato, they have sundaes too! The sundaes are a pretty nice size. It takes at least two people to eat it unless you're coming in with a big sweet tooth. 
This place also sells mini cakes like red velvet, macaroons, and little chocolate treats. On top of that, they have tea, coffee, shakes, and wine. 
This location is in Uptown New Orleans so there's not an official parking lot. There's parking on the streets though. If you're coming before 6pm then you'd have to pay, but after 6pm, it's free. It's a great location to pick up some sweets and walk down Magazine St. and checking out the local shops. 
Overall, this place has plenty of choices to choose from. Also, the owner of Sucre has been featured on Food Network a few times, including winning The Ultimate Cake Challenge. That's not so bad, right?Nice place and have great selection of ice cream. I had the butter pecan milkshake and it was tasty. Service was fast (we made it before a large crowd), and everyone was friendly.The gelatto-delicious. The toasted almond was just so...honestly words can not do justice. The pistachio was pretty good, but compared to the toasted almond it pales in comparison. The extra toppings are a steal-particularly the fresh berries-you get a ton of them and for 50 cents it's almost criminal!
The pastries here are excellent, again the berry varieties are a treasure as well. The cake is okay but everything else is delicious. However, the cakes in the window are so creative and obviously labor intense, but a labor of love. 
The staff is so friendly and helpful. Kind of like in Chocolat but not so white.We ordered a cake from Sucré for my mom's birthday. Being from out of town we were nervous how it would come out and wow it was out of this world. It was an Italian wedding cake with dulce de leche filling and salted caramel butter cream frosting and chocolate ganache. So so decadent.The affogato is very good with the gelato - good & strong espresso. The caramel macaroon is delicious. The dobash is not good at all - way too rich and not in a worth-it way. The location is beautiful and a nice place to stop in New Orleans.This is the perfect little dessert spot to sit down and share a sundae or grab macaroons and gelato to go. The people are extremely friendly and will go out of their way to help you with a smile. First time in New Orleans? Order the Nola sundae. It's everything you want to sample in one delicious bowl!Beautiful decor and a great place to stop by while strolling down Magazine Street.  It is a little pricey (but their 2 for 1 happy hour for coffee is a great deal!).  
I've had their gelato (which they have some yummy flavors....lemon curd is one of my favs!), beautiful and fun sundaes for when I want to really splurge on calories and some gorgeous and tasty desserts.  I probably come here more for desserts (love the flourless chocolate cake, and the fruit tarts).
Service has been consistently friendly, although sometimes there is a little bit of a wait during peak times.  Also They are open late and have adult milkshakes which are fun.Always clean, visually pleasing arrangements, and creative concoctions. Took my ice cream loving father to the brand new location in the quarter day two of their being open and it took him 10 minutes and two conversations with the staff to decide between all of the possible options. He wants to go back immediately. While my parents wondered around the quarter, I sat at Sucre and did some law school reading. It's not the absolute best place to study, but I did get a few things done so perhaps it also serves as a coffee shop substitute. Staff made me a slow pour over cafe au lait and it was perfect.We got King Cake and macaroons from here recently. While the macaroons are good, I think they're overpriced...a box of 15 macaroons costs $30 plus tax. The King cake though, is perfect in all ways. Just the right amount of sweet, not overwhelming, which could mask the other flavors. They also have gelatos and other desserts. Parking can be a problem sometimes.This place is really good. Cute and it's hard to decide what to get.....
We had the s'more cake with vanilla gelato. So goodThis place is very busy on a Saturday night. No seats were available inside. A cute looking place. The dessert presentation was beautiful. It made me wanted to buy everything in sight. I ordered to go. I had a raspberry, key lime, chocolate crispy thing and a chocolate cupcake for my daughter. The raspberry were delicious. Key lime was okay. The chocolate cupcake bottom was dry. We bought a few piece of chocolate pieces to try out, it was okay.The gelato here is ON POINT. My only quip is they do what every American place does and they put scoops of different flavors on top of each other. WHY?! Put them next to each other so your customers can enjoy both flavors before they get all mixed up. And so that you don't have to eat an entire ball of coconut banana before getting to the chocolate.
The macarons are lovely. The flavors are great and the texture is spot-on.
The pastries are also great. Overall, my favorite dessert place in New Orleans.The macarons here are awesome. The coffee is some of the strongest in the city and the place itself is very high end. The pastries almost look like sculptures of fake goods due to the perfection of their appearance. Free samples are given if you are inquireing about a taste. But seriously, you have to try the macarons!Sucre' is a nice local business that has great atmosphere, good looking gelato & desserts, and a good amount of seating so you can hang out and enjoy your indulgences.  In terms of the two items I have tried though I just feel the products are overrated - the $17 king cake is good but definitely not spectacular as I would expect for that price.  Honestly, my wife makes a better king cake at home and it costs us a couple dollars (plus the time of course).  Macarons are the same way - obviously some people like them but at $2 each I expect something light and airy yet with an explosion of flavor (which should be the case with a great macaron) but is just not there at Sucre'.  I think part of the problem may be that I've had great macarons and eaten at great dessert shops when living in Portland and Chicago and working in San Francisco and I have to say that Sucre' just doesn't quite measure up.  It's a nice place to hang out and I would recommend stopping for a bite when shopping on Magazine Street because it's an A-OK place but some of the items just aren't up to the high standards I've come to expect from a place that is so celebrated - and expensive.To reiterate what seems to be the majority point of view, Sucre' is delightful! After an early dinner on Magazine, a sweet treat was next on my list. Just walking into this shop puts a smile on my face, I think it's the colors or the fact you are surrounded by beautiful confections.
I ordered a small Coconut Fudge gelato. Smooth and creamy, tasted like an Almond Joy. I also had the pleasure of tasting the Peanut Butter and Jam macaron, I highly suggest it. The workers were friendly, and no one left the shop without being told to "Have a Great day!" 
In the past I have had the macarons shipped as gifts, they package everything well, and the receiver of said gift has always been elated!So I already thought this place was YUMMY. Now I'm obsessed because the staff is AMAZING ANDDDD they had this AMAZING tasting that was to DIE FOR and the ultimate instagram-able event lol. 
So. I stopped by the store Memorial Day Weekend with a friend who was in town from Cali. We saw a sign saying they were having a Champagne, Macaron, and Chocolate tasting. She was upset bc it was happening after she left but I snagged a pic of the flyer and documented it as a potential date night opportunity. 
Of course I live all the way in Baton Rouge so i figures it was a long shot but SURPRISINGLY my gentleman agreed to it! I called (the day of!) to ask about tickets and a gentleman (manager I presume) said they were sold out but said he'd try to make it happen for me once I said we were driving out from BR ( totally should have gotten his name but I do know he's from Cali). Any way we showed up after 9 p and the staff was still cheerful and smiling and served us up an amazing flight of desserts and champagne paired with great music and ambiance. 
I absolutely loved the tasting and would suggest anyone who has the opportunity to buy a ticket whenever they offer it! In fact, I'd love to do another one. 
Thanks again guys for being so kind and having us!! Was truly a pleasure.Remove the C in sucre and what do you get?  "Sure," as in, sure thing!  Don't you C?  This place is a SURE thing.  
Their service was amazing.  Even though all I had was a cup of tea, I was able to try their macarons and some of their desserts.  Why?  They gave out generous samples.
I subtracted 1 star from their review because their macaron was lacking the hard shell, which left it with mushy goodness.  But besides that, I had nothing negative to say about Sucre.Such a fun take on dessert! Options include gelato, cakes, and chocolates. I ordered the lemon raspberry cake. It was delicious. Not very sweet which was exactly what I was hoping for. Most of the desserts had edible glitter which really made it different and fun. Others had a mirror like metallic glaze finish. These are nothing you've seen before. About $7-8 but I promise it's worth it. I had a bite of someone's chocolate cake and it was quite rich but that one is served with a scoop of raspberry gelato to balance the flavor. They are very friendly and helpful in explaining the flavors of each item to point you in the right direction.I love little dessert shops but this one is the best! The Kings cake was so light and and wonderful. The BAC (big awesome cookie) caramel and dark chocolate cookie was one of the best cookies I've ever had!! They were so good I went back to get a couple more to take home with me.I have yet to try anything here that isn't a delight to the taste buds.
The space itself is wonderfully designed and just as much thought goes into the charming presentation as does into the mind blowing tastes.
Tried the White Chocolate Bread Pudding this time and fell in love with Sucre' all over again.  The White Chocolate Lavendar Cocoa is also a favorite of mine.
It can seem a little pricey, but upon consumption...I ALWAYS end up feeling that the items I purchased were worthy of the price paid.
Treat yourself, visit the good folks at Sucre'.I found this place by accident. And I had a chocolate mousse cake with raspberry center, it's called "Tiffany". The cake was very tasty and I fell in love with it. That was the only thing I got for the only one time I've been there, and I am giving 4 stars for the cake I've got. I wish I had a chance to try the gelato too but didn't get a chance to go back there before leaving NOLA.I really recommend the nectar gelato. As a visitor of NOLA I never really knew such a flavor existed until coming here. It's light and a bit fruity. And of course delicious. I sampled the pumpkin spice gelato as well and I really enjoyed it.
I'm kind of wary of fancy looking dessert shops sometimes because the desserts look better than they taste. However, both desserts I tried here were definitely worth the price and looked super cute as well. 
The white chocolate bread pudding came with a scoop of vanilla gelato, but the workers were gracious enough to switch it for any other flavor I wanted with no extra charge! I got the nectar. The coldness of the gelato mixed with the warm moist bread was heavenly. 
Be sure to check this place out to satisfy your sugar cravings!They have a variety of everything to satisfy your sugar cravings. I tasted a couple of their ice cream options and although hard to settle on one since they were all so good, I picked the cookies and cream. It was very good, not artificially tasting, and creamy. 
I also picked up some macarons for later. They were good but the flavors I picked, I didn't love except the salted caramel.Butter pecan gelato was missing something. Peanut butter chocolate crunch was right on the money. Sampled some others but I can't even remember which ones because they were so under-whelming. We also ordered this coconut caramel pastry which was beautiful and sounded amazing but then we took a bite and B-A-N-A-N-A-S. Which might be ok for you tropical fruit lovers out there, but man-friend and I both gag at the mention of the B-word and we were very disappointed. I mean, we managed to choke it down because it was 6 dollars, but really, false advertisement to the max. 
It's a fancy dessert place, come check it out if you're visiting but don't be surprised by the expensive prices or mediocrity of the gelato. Wish I'd tried a macaroon!!!!3.5 rounded up to a 4. 
Short & sweet:
Service: 2.5
Sweets: 4
Wait time: 5
Price: 3
Cleanliness of bathroom: n/a
*Decor: 5
So, what to do after having stuffed myself with a huge muffuletta? Go and eat more...! Honestly, no matter how full I am, I manage to squeeze in a bite of something sweet. It's also why I need to squeeze into my jeans. 
Anyhow. 
When I first stepped inside, I thought the store was absolutely adorable. So cute and so whimsical - it's what I'd imagine a sweets heaven to be. Because of the decor, I'm bumping up my 3.5 to a 4. 
I had a couple, small bites of the macarons which were great (crispy exterior, buttery soft interior), but I thought were a little overpriced. $2 for a cookie that is the size of my thumb? Hm. Maybe I'm just new to this whole bakery-pastry shop thing. 
And though most of the south is known for their hospitality and their kindness, the three women behind the counter were snobby. They seem visibly annoyed when I looked around, trying to decide on what to get. They seemed to offer samples grudgingly and they were exasperated when I wanted to try more than one sample. Sorry, ladies, for asking you to do your job. Otherwise you'd just stand there and .... look kind-of pretty. (Only kind-of because the way they sniffed around as though they had higher airs made them look a little unsightly. ifyouknowwhatimean.) 
That said, if a Sucre opened up in Denver, I'd be all over it. That's because by this time, I would have attempted to make macarons at home and would have failed. And then I would throw my hands up into the air and exclaim, YES! I'LL PAY TWO DOLLARS FOR A DIME-SIZED COOKIE, DAMNIT! 
So, investors, open one up. Thank you and have a great, thunderstormy (and beautiful) Monday.Best macarons I've ever had. Not too sweet with perfect texture. Cafe au let was my favorite. Their chocolates were delish too! Perfect splurge.You must try the allthingsnola sundae. I dream about it! This sundae has banana fosters sauce, bread pudding, brown butter pecan gelato, and roasted pecans. It is NOLA in a glass!This place is very good. The servers were nice, the gelato was good, the macaroons were delicate and airy. The servers let you have tastes of the types of gelato. A bit pricy.Worst Eclair I've ever had in my life! The pastry (dough) part of the eclair was bland & hard. The vanilla creme filling was mediocre in flavor. The chocolate glazing tasted like cheap chocolate syrup. The serving was incredibly small. For $5.50 I expected a quality treat for the portion served. Incredibly disappointed! All presentation, absent of flavor.I'm a chocoholic and this little bandbox of a store on Magazine Street delivers some brilliant and beautiful chocolates as well as gelato and gorgeous cakes.  The only improvement I would like:  red velvet cupcakes.Delicious dessert place that offers a wide range of sweets to please all the sugar obsessed Yelpers. Treat yourself to a mixed box of macaroons by picking a box size and selecting which ever flavors strike your fancy. Try the strawberry or the Mardi Gras flavors, they're delicious! 
Protip: buy some to eat there and to take some home, you'll definitely get a craving for more once you leave!Now they sell Sucre macaroons at Rousse's for $.50 less a cookie! Awesome. Also they carry their chocolate bars, marshmallows and cakes.Food porn that tastes as great as it looks!!
I heart Sucre!  Sucre's magical creations are second to none and guaranteed not to disappoint.  Everything from their chocolates to macaroons to gelato is presented in the most decadent and sparkling manner.  I have also ordered two cakes from them and was completely amazed by their creativity and execution.  I also recommend this place for gifts for loved ones as their packaging is great as well.Sundae's are great though my wife and debate whether creole creamery or Sucre has better sundaes. Also has good coffees and chocolates that are always a great gift idea.The worst part about this place is deciding what to get. (well, and the screaming children) They have ice cream, truffle chocolates, cake, and other little fancy desserts. My friend and I split a rose chocolate mousse dessert after tormenting ourselves with lack of decision making. The cashier asked us if we've ever had their macaroons and he gave us "his favorite," the sesame seed macaroon. They displayed the dessert on a plate with chocolate sauce, how they would in a restaurant, which is a good touch. 
The prices are a little high but all the desserts are gourmet and seem to take effort to make so that didn't bother me. We ate it outside to get away from the screaming baby and ate every last bite. I would definitely return here, they have a little bit of everything to satisfy even the most picky sweet toothI'm typically not a huge dessert person, but I came with a gift card I received for my birthday. This was my third time here, and previously, I've sampled most of the macarons, which are delicious (but very sweet). This time I wanted something a little different, so I tried a Sundae Americana. 
The sundae came with two scoops of gelato, (vanilla and strawberry) but they were out of vanilla so I opted for two scoops of strawberry; sponge cake, fruit, whipped cream, strawberry sauce, waffle cone pieces, and a strawberry macaron. Like I said before, I'm not a huge dessert person, so this was a slap of sweetness right to the face. It was also gigantic (enough for 2-3 people to share). Also, it was covered with edible glitter, 'cause why not?
While the gelato was delicious, my only critique is that I wish it had more sponge cake and fruit. If you're a gelato lover, you will love this, but beware, it's a little pricey. My sundae cost about $9.50, which I normally wouldn't pay for unless I had a gift card. 
If you're a dessert lover, and have an appreciation for aesthetics, I think you'll like Sucré; it's right in the middle of hustle and bustle on Magazine St. and would be a great place to cool off for couple scoops of gelato.The best chocolate ever. Ever. It is all so pretty and well presented too, which is nice. The people who work there are also pleasant and willing to answer any questions. So sure, it's expensive, but worth every penny. Can't wait to eat my pretty goodies!This place reminds me of K-town, overpriced more than it should be BUT with that being said they are super clean, great customer service and very pretty to look at. Probably too pretty which is pretty much what I'm paying for, to look at her I mean food. $6.50 for a small cake? It wasn't all that spectacular tasting either and gone in 3 bites. Well, at least it wasn't unbearable sweet like some of the bakeries I've ate at. On the Monday that I went they had a lot of samples. Macaroons are actually what they should taste like, but I never liked them. Cripsy yet soft in the middle or however that Pressure Cooker Challenge portrayed it as.This is a review for Sucre's special event services.  I do love their macaroons and other confections and have been a huge advocate for recommending folks to stop in on Magazine Street promenades. However they will not be making my wedding cake.
After looking around for places to go for some tastings and to see what's out there, I decided to give Sucre a call to see what their cakes are all about.  I received an email after making an appointment with their new policies for Wedding Cake Consultations.  So here's your warning brides in planning mode:
- There is a minimum of $500 for the cake
- There is a $50 consultation fee that they mention at the bottom of the form which only includes: A discussion of the details, a tasting of ONLY THREE OF THE 10 FLAVORS, a sketch, and a tour.  The fee goes towards your $500 cake at least, but what if you don't like the way it tastes??
For $50 bucks, I had better be able to taste a heck of a lot more flavors than THREE and have some adult beverages included..and maybe a meal.  Perhaps the extra cash is for the tour?  Who gives a flip about a tour when all you care about is the cake....
I'm sorry Sucre...not sure who you think you are when other options with better product reviews aren't charging anything and let you taste up to 15 samples...but you might be pricing yourself out of a lot of business in the long run.The desserts here were out of this world! I had a delicious raspberry chocolate "cake", if it can even be called cake and not a little slice of heaven! This was a great stop for a sweet bite to eat.I've already reviewed Sucre before(5/5, best dessert place I've come across in New Orleans) but I wanted to review the Americana Sundae. 
It's fantastic. Berry flavored ice cream lines the bottom of the glass with what I think was bread pudding around the edges. There's a few fruit pieces too, blueberries and blackberries. Leading up into vanilla ice cream with a ton of fluffy whipped cream with strawberry topping drizzled delicately over the top. To too the delicious treat off, they place wafer pieces, a fresh strawberry, and a strawberry flavored macaroon on top. 
If you're after a sundae from Sucre, I can't recommend this one enough. The Americana was delightfully sweet and light that satisfied by craving for something cold and something sweet. Absolutely delicious, treat yourself!It's been a year since I was last in Paris and boy was there one thing I've missed terribly every day since then. Laduree! Best macarons I have ever ate in my life! (Note I probably went there every week during the five weeks I was in Paris. It was just that good.) But since getting to Paris costs at least a $1000 dollars I needed something to satisfy my craving and this place does it! 
However I will note the differences from Laduree's macarons for those who have tried Laduree. The center cream at Sucre tastes much more creamier than Laduree however their cookies aren't as flaky as Laduree. Also I can never distinguish the different nut flavors that well. They taste very similar to me. However my favorite flavors have always been chocolate and pistachio in Paris and Sucre hits the spot for both these flavors. So I say enjoy the macarons here if you have a craving for some!5/5 Macarons!. I actually did not like macarons until I had the ones from Sucre. Now I'm obsessed. Pistachio and salted caramel were my favorite but they also have cool seasonal flavors too.
1/5 Cookies and brownies. Super dry, they just fell apart in my mouth. 
1/5 Red velvet cupcake. One of the worst I've ever had. I think it had too much vinegar in it because it tasted very sour.
4/5 Salted caramel cupcake. Buttercream frosting was a little hard but this was the better of the cupcakes. 
5/5 Atmosphere and the cute boxes! Everything looked delicious even if it didn't taste that way.I love macarons and I try them from different places. My friend loves this place and I Yelp'ed before I went here. For 4.5 stars I was not impressed with the macarons from Sucre. I got 2 boxes of all their flavors including the chocolate covered macaron - it was meh. It was waaay too crumbly and fragile that the lady at the counter gave me one for free because it cracked while she was picking it up. The banana's foster didn't taste like banana's foster and the salted caramel didn't taste like salted caramel at all. I also had their gelato which was also meh. I tasted the Turtle which was okay the first 2 bites.
The place is clean and looks so cute. The boxes and desserts all look fabulous - they just don't taste fab. The staff was great.
I hand-carried my 2 boxes of macarons with care back to Vegas and when I opened the boxes they were cracked and the salted caramel macarons were unrecognizable - just crumbs and goop. When I picked up a macaron it just completely fell apart. I've hand-carried macarons from Los Angeles, New York, Tokyo and Paris - never have I opened a box of crumbs!Amazing gelato, as good as anything I ate in Italy. The coffee was great too.