So I finally had a chance to check out the new Sukho Thai.  I am  definitely a critic's critic and the type of person which likes to find places that  aren't heavily advertised. I personally believe the food and service of a restaurant  should be  allowed to speak for its self and I must admit a good  happy hour is definitely a bonus.   
I was kind of nervous due to the mixed reviews but I had yet to find a thai restaurant which has blown me away and yes I have gone to La Thai,  so i figured I should try and see what this restaurant truly had.  So I went where any curious customer would go and I requested to be sat in the  bar area  and I must say I was not dissappointed.  Their bar area featured the typical stools but also had  an additional  table area  if I preferred. Complete with  a wide selection of import beers and a wine list which showed true care in its creation(I hate seeing kendal jackson on a wine menu or any grocery store brand, lol). 
Well back to the experience...I  must give kuddos to the bartender for truly guiding me,  recommendations are one thing but he even had knowledge of specialty items that were not on the menu and unique personal takes on thai staple menu items,(e.g. "glass noodles in the pad thai for a lighter filling feeling and add pineapple to it if you truly trust me"  plus he  brought  out an amuse bouche).  That is impressive in my eyes and made me feel as if I was the only person that mattered.  Three letters sum up this experience W-O-W.  
  Anyways,  you are probably wondering about the food and what i ordered.  Well I took this bartenders advice(otherwise why ask,  lol) and ordered these recommendations and I must say he was correct.  So here it goes.... the complimentary amuse bouche was a total shock,  the orange shrimp appetizer was both light and refreshing but wasn't on the menu(so thank you again for guiding me), and  pad thai with glass noodles and pineapple must receive two thumbs up due to creativity and flavor). I am not quite sure why people are saying this place is overpriced or that the food service is below par.  In regards to price it is  definitely on par with the other thai restaurants,  maybe its just the LA style decor which intimidates  them  but i personally loved the decor.
Anyways I hope this review helps somebody.  All i can say about this place in closing is I personally only write on yelp if i have a disappointing experience or an above expectations one and yelpers this one was definitely above my expectations.I love the atmosphere, food, and their THAI TEA!!!!! 
It's so good! 
I will be back!This is my favorite restaurant. Ever. In life. I'm only sad that I now live in Baton Rouge and can't have it as often. The food is so fresh, & so perfectly seasoned and prepared that it's just unreal. The atmosphere is excellent. & they serve by far the best Thai tea ice EVER had. Everyone I take here loves it too, even if they don't normally eat Thai cuisine.I absolutely love the ambience in here. Nice Sat night dinner place. 
I ordered the Panang curry and while it wasn't the best it was pretty close. Even though it looks very modern inside the food is close to authentic. The only other thai place I've been to in NOLA is La Thai on Pyrtania and while that wasn't bad, I would rather go to Sukho Thai if I had a choiceI love SukhoThai. I will never understand the bad reviews on this place because I'm never disappointed when I come here. The service is always great, the food is super yummy, and the prices aren't outrageous. By far my favorite Thai place in NOLA.This place is great and reasonably priced! I like their grilled steak salad. Service is always great and the food is good and fast. Glad to be near them!My friends and I hit this place up for lunch yesterday, armed with our appetites after our Saturday night outings. 
I loved the atmosphere - I am really into exposed brick with cozy seating and some interesting art lining the walls. The place actually seemed sophisticated, but not pretentious or super-trendy. 
The menu is extensive with some really interesting Thai combinations that I will definitely try, but I was just craving some Pad Thai peanut-ty goodness! And it was really really good. Not greasy, great flavor with extra crush peanuts on the side if I needed more flavor. Awesome. My friend ordered the drunken noodles, which was salty (given that it is a soy-saucy sauce), but also very good. I didn't try the other dishes, because I was so focused on my own. We all tried the thai iced-tea which was also very good. Looking over the cocktail menu, they have some basic concoctions of house cocktails, but nothing fancy or too innovative. I'd probably order one or two to try them - but they play it safe, which is really okay because they're food all seems pretty good. 
I was unimpressed with the service. They were friendly and helpful when we asked, but it was slow and our server never checked up on us. We kept waiting for the check and one of us had to go find him when we needed change. Le Thu N. was right though - my water glass was never empty. Good call, dude, because our crew needed it! Our main server however, was cool at first and MIA in the end. And it was dead in there - 2 tables on the floor. 
Sorry - it just wasn't stellar. I'll return for the Panang Duck another time. Maybe on Friday or Saturday when they have live music!I've been here twice and was semi-impressed by the food.  There's a lot of vegetarian options which is a big plus and they can make it good and spicy.  Both times I've been here I had such awful service that I don't think I can come back to dine in.  Maybe takeout for the future?  I mean, we had food for at least 10 minutes until we could find someone to get utensils, waiting a half hour to be seated when well over half the restaurant just needed to be bussed, and the server taking forever to take orders, etc.  
If you have the time and want some good thai food then have at it.My favorite Thai restaurant in New Orleans.  Delicious, but not cheap.I've decided to try sukho Thai on magazine st. I love Thai food and after reading reviews of this being the best Thai restaurant in New Orleans, I had to eventually try it. The restaurant is what one would expect on magazine st. The brick walls that lined the restaurant had painted canvases on one side and canvases covered and decorated in Thai silk on  the other to add a splash of color. The service was wonderful. The staff was very nice and knowledgable. The food was good but it's not authentic Thai food. The Thai hot lives up to its name, but the taste of the dishes seems modified. The crab and shrimp fried rice is superb. This is one of the few Thai restaurants that continues to serve this dish. I will come back for this rice dish, but for authentic Thai food I will have to look elsewhere.3.25/5 it is what it is
Beggars  can't be choosers so this is decent given the options. I appreciate the range in the menu, particularly the heat scale. The dinner portions are sizable and you can fill up quite a bit. Of the things I've tried, the curry noodles is probably on the more interesting side -- the rice options seem standard. If you wanna try something new, go for the Thai lime tea, which is a refreshing twist.I recently came here for my birthday because I love Thai food an I had not yet made it to Sukho Thai yet. I have been wanting to try it for some time so I was very excited to give it a go. 
Sukho Thai has some of my favorite appetizers out of any restaurant. The dumplings and the fried eggplant. I would order both of those again without a doubt. Both so simple, but made perfectly and the dipping sauces are the perfect enhancement to the dishes. The tom kha (coconut) soup was really good, but a little on the sweeter side than what I am used to. My husband tried the Tom Yum (hot & sour) soup and loved it. It was spicy with a little hint of lime. YUM. 
As for entrees I went with the pad thai. Everybody does it a little different so I was looking forward to seeing their spin on it. Overall, it was very tasty and I would order it again and again. It had a great balance of spicy and sweetness. One of the better pad thai's I have had the pleasure of eating. 
Our server was so sweet and made sure we were happy with each of our courses as they came out. He made great suggestions so we could get a little taste of everything since it was our first time there.Nothing better than great green curry with beef- spicy  hot and delicious. Perfect with dirty martinis with lychee rather than olives on the toothpick. YumOne of my favorite places around town. Fried rice is always great.
This time our waiter was professional, casual, and friendly. Wine we ordered was great, it was the Cambre Pinot Grigio. I normally get he drunken fried rice but went for the seafood fried rice with crab this time. It was good but not as good as drunken rice. The broken net soup was delicious and maybe a little too spicy. Overall a good experience.
The only issue I have with Sukho is the spiciness rating system. Sometime I order mild-medium and it's extremely hot and other times it's barely mild. This is a small gripe as the food is delicious in either case but is something I've noticed in my multiple visits. 
I definitely recommend this spot on any night of the week.OMG!!! Some of the best, freshest, most tantalizing  Asian food I've  ever had! It was fresh, hot, and very delicious. The service, however, left a lot to be desired. Took forever to get our food when the restaurant was nearly empty! I'd go again, but only for take out!I have only been here for lunch and I love the Drunken Noodles! They are delicious! That really is the only thing that I get here any more. And the lunch portion is more than enough food for one person. Last time I was there I ordered it hot and it was great! The spice was not too overwhelming to me, but I am also dying to try the Thai Hot! Maybe next time I will be more adventuresome. I have also ordered the Red Curry which is very similar to a Massaman Curry. I just cannot bring myself to order any thing other than the Drunken Noodles now. 
The aesthetics of the restaurant are great! Its a big open space but stays relatively quiet. Go here for lunch and order the Drunken Noodles, you will not be disappointed.My friend had a coupon for Sukho Thai so we were off to try it.  
There's no off-street parking but we were able to find street parking pretty quickly.  The ambiance is very nice, with exposed brick, nice lighting and art.  We had the Panko Soft Shell Crab and the Shrimp Fresh Rolls. The crab was good; I found the breadcrumbs overpowered the actual crab though, it was a bit dry. It was topped with a mango salsa but it really needs a dip in my opinion.  I did not like the rolls, but that was my fault--I don't like them in ANY Asian restaurant, I just wanted to try it.
I then had the chicken Tom Kha soup, which was very good. You could taste how fresh it was, the lemon grass and mushrooms...mmmmm. Very well done.
My entree was the Shrimp Pineapple Fried Rice. Absolutely delicious. The rice was cooked perfectly, moist without clumping. The tangy sweet taste of the pineapple mixed well with the delicious Gulf shrimp. I would definitely get it again. My friends had beef panang (he liked it but I didn't taste it) and the Waterfall Beef which looked neat--it was served in a piece of lettuce and looked like a waterfall (doh).  
And the surprise was the coupon allowed for alcohol to be purchased...so we had a Tropical Mojito (delicious!) and a Thai Bellini (ok). 
I would really like to go back, but for lunch to save money.We waited 15 minutes at our table to be greeted by someone telling us our server would be with us shortly. We should have left. If there was lower than 1 star, they would get it. I frequent SuKho Thai in the Bywater. The service and food there is AMAZING. So, I figured Uptown would be the same. Wrong. The food was cold. It tasted terrible. I would have mentioned it to our server or any employee, however I couldn't find anyone for another 20 minutes. I actually got sick shortly after leaving. 
We were ready to pay and leave at that point. My boyfriend wanted to take home a part of his meal that was decent. The server brought us a box without a Togo bag, that wasn't an issue. The issue was that when we asked the Hostess if we could have one, the girl was texting at the hostess stand, didn't even look up, and said: "You can get it over there" pointing to the bar. Apparently her text conversation was more important than helping the only customers in the restaurant at that point. I called after leaving and asked for the manager, unsurprisingly they were not available. I will not return.I don't know how to write this review without sounding like a total kiss-ass. LOL  I LOVE this restaurant.  In the last 3 months I would estimate I've eaten here over two dozen times.  Yes, really.  The food is what keeps me coming back.  I'll try to focus here and just hit the main points:
Pros: 
 - The best Thai food in New Orleans.  According to me. :)  Fresh spices and ingredients (some of which are grown out back in the garden behind the restaurant), balanced recipes that are not too sweet, and always extravagantly flavorful without using MSG. (to my knowledge)
-A WHOLE PAGE Vegan menu.  So few restaurants in Nola are on the bandwagon with veggie-lovers.  Here at Sukho you can get any one of over a dozen tasty, awesome, filling dishes made with no animal products whatsoever. And the same care and flavoring goes into it as the meat dishes.  I really appreciate that, although I am an omnivore myself.
-The cocktails.  Oh dear God, the cocktails.... they are $9 glasses of paradise. 
 -Friendly, competent and hardworking staff.  They are team players and, being a restaurant vet myself, I am very critical of management and how I see the staff being treated.  This place makes the grade here as well.  I've never had bad service, although admittedly when I go out to eat I am generally not in a huge hurry.  For takeout you can sit at the bar and get your food in 10-15 minutes, out the door.  
Cons: 
-On the weekends, the noise gets overwhelming sometimes.  Especially toward the later half of the dinnertime period when the customers are getting sloshed....  Some noise-control drapes from the ceiling might help this issue.  90% of the time its fine though.
-Only one non-dairy dessert option. (Mango rice)
-It is SO cold in there sometimes!!  Not that this is unique, I bring a sweater with me everywhere in the summer because most places crank that AC like crazy.  But on times I've forgotten my sweaters, it is definitely chilly in there.
 - Only one bathroom for each gender, and on busy nights you may want to check for TP first.
If you have never had Thai food before, go here!!  Get the Tom Ka (Coconut milk soup) and Pad Thai, with or without meat.  You will either love it or you will discover that Thai food is not your thing. ;)My first time at Sukho and I was not disappointed! It's been storming all weekend so I just wanted some spicy noodles. I normally go to La Thai for Thai food, but they don't have as large of a selection of noodles so I decided to give Sukho a try. We ordered the papaya salad to split and I ordered the Old Siam Duck Noodle Broth. The papaya salad had great flavor and spice, but I didn't like that it was on a bed of lettuce with raw string beans and tomatoes. Those didn't go too well with the papaya and fish sauce dressing. Otherwise a pretty good salad. The duck noodles were phenomenal!!! Egg noodles in a sweet, spicy soy broth with Chinese broccoli and fried garlic. Super yummy and it comes with A LOT of duck for only 14 dollars! A great deal. Will definitely be coming back when I crave a warm bowl of noodles. Can't wait to try their other dishes.Went here last night to celebrate Father's Day and my in-laws anniversary and we were not disappointed. We had been to their location in the marigny and the service was bad, it was dirty and there were tons of flies inside. This location is worlds away. Inside it's simple and modern with a swanky vibe and cool paper lanterns. But best of all was the amazing food! We started with tropical mojitos made with mint, lime & mango juice. They were sweet and refreshing. Then moved on to chicken skewers with peanut sauce, crab dumplings and shrimp in a pouch. All very yummy! I had the eggplant lover vegan style with tofu. It was spicy, packed with flavor and truly some of the best Thai I'd ever had. The others hand seafood dishes one with grilled eggplant, one with cashews and veggies and one in a pepper sauce with broccoli. We were happy campers. Can't wait to finish my left overs.Great Thai food, really good atmosphere.  The chicken Pad Thai is some of the best I've had.  Beware, this is the real deal, and hot.  Medium heat makes me sweat here.  The Drunken Noodles are great as well.I've been wanting to go here for 2 years but it never ended up happening. I found it through just hopscotching between google maps a google search for high rated restaurants around me. I finally got the chance this year for my birthday, i asked them to prechill  a bottle champagne which they did & we enjoyed half of throughout the meal.
we started out with the champagne (dom perignon 2002), beer (lion stout) & a cocktail (Siam Sunrise: yum refreshing), then the appetizers we got Herbal Mussels the broth was really good, & the appetizer sampler which came with Two Veggie Rolls: cut into halves so it was 4 & crispy & crunchy  , Two Shrimp In A Pouch, Four Ahi Katsu Rolls: that was some good tuna, but sadly no dipping sauces as you'd get with each individual appetizer.
Soup 
Royal Tom Yum: lot of flavor particularly from the lemongrass, & Galangal, big shrimp.
&
Broken Net: amount of meat i'd expect from a soup, nice basil broth. I love basil.
salad 
 Green Papaya Salad: sweet, nutty, sour from lime, good
& Seafood fried rice: wasn't very impressed not very good fried rice & went a little skimpy on the seafood
on to the main course:
Royal Basil Duck: I was expecting a half of duck, not lumps of breast meat, but it was good i got med hot, nice steamed broccoli, delish
Three Flavor Whole Fish w/ Shrimp and Scallops: I ordered the mahi Mahi 5/5 hot, and wow when it got to the table it was scary because it was a whole fish like over a foot long fish, lot of seafood with it too but it's like a finger food since it has the skin on it. Oooh hot hot hot.
Yellow curry : Oh my, this is heaven sent delicious saffron curry, very few foods can make me tear up like that, it's just so beautiful.
& a sake (Cherry Bouquet Dewazakura Oka)
Dessert
Black Rice Pudding: nice coconut tapioca garnished with blueberries & a strawberry
Chocolate Lava Cake: Oh yeah a rich crispy outside smooth buttery cake inside & a ganache that is creamy enough not to overpower you but almost 
went nice with a Negori sake (Pearl Momokawa Junmai Ginjo)I just don't get it!!
I won't lie - I grew up in a small town, and "Thai place" was not in our vocabulary.  I am not the go-to person to judge whether food is authentic Thai.  That being said, I love trying different foods and especially food from different cultures, and I know when something *tastes* good and is a good value.
Sukho Thai neither tastes good, nor is it a good value.  
This evening, we ordered delivery.  We've eaten in the store twice, and while I've never been impressed, the boyfriend really wanted Thai, and we remembered there always being a TON of food.  We were hoping to get a couple of meals worth out of the delivery, and I let him order for me in hopes that we'd find something that would make Thai food in general click for me.  He ordered beef Kefir lime curry for himself and "hot" basil chicken for me.  Sometimes, I don't know why I let him talk me into this stuff.
My chicken came with mixed vegetables and in a broth.  The broth tasted like beef broth with a good centimeter of grease floating on top.  There were a few green beans, a few sad pieces of red bell pepper, and what I'm 100% certain was an entire onion's worth of sliced onion in it.  A few leaves of burnt and bitter basil were scattered throughout.  The chicken itself was dry (remarkable, considering it was sitting in all that grease) and I don't know what was "hot" about it because there was 0 heat (I can HANDLE me some heat) and the food was cold by the time it arrived to us.  I liked the boyfriend's beef curry, but he (the seasoned Thai eater) seemed unimpressed, and before I could go in for a second taste to be sure, he'd finished it all.  It was delivered in those plastic tupperware-type Chinese takeout containers, and it was a little less than half full.  We were so disappointed that we paid full price and got probably 1/3rd of the food we receive in store.  We have more white rice than we know what to do with, though, because they did NOT fail to send us with an overstuffed, over-sized takeout box of the stuff...  Maybe I'll make rice pudding to fill us up....Ordered out Pad Thai and Chicken fried rice. Make sure you are aware of their spice scale of 1-5. I decided that three would be a suitable number for my wife who likes spice, but not the overbearing type of spice. If you sound like this type of person, I suggest sticking to the lower range of numbers, 1 or 2. Crazy spicy. Personally, I wente with LeVeL 4 and forged through the experience with lips in-tact. Other than that, the flavors were alright compared to a few other Thai restaurants that I've eaten at here in New Orleans. Noodles a little sticky. I'd eat here again when I have a hankering for neighborhood Thai. Also, I'll add that the atmosphere is very nice.  You could get away with anything from shorts/shirt to dressy attire. Enjoy!Came for dinner, ordered one of the fish entrees. Service was excellent, although it may have been because I came for an early dinner and the place wasn't entirely full. Manager and waitress came to ask how everything was several times. compared to other thai places, this one is way overpriced-- I agree with the previous posters. Would come back if it were less expensive.The kaffir lime was a bit too salty for my taste. I had to pour the soupy portion into my rice bowl, after moving the rice to another plate. The service was good, though, but there are better places for Thai food. 
Nice decor. Really wide tea menu.The service was slow, and the employees seemed like they couldn't care less about helping me. The food was just mediocre. I don't think I'll be going back.The Drunken Noodles are great along with the Pai Thai
I love how you can order the degree of heat you want.
Lunch is a real bargain . Atmosphere & service great.Prior to November of last year, if I wanted Thai food, I couldn't go with my K. But he surprised me by taking me to a Thai spot for my birthday and now he loves it!
I had a $10 restaurant.com certificate, so K was up for trying Sukho Thai. So we trekked uptown late on a Sunday night and got ourselves a table. After having liked Pad Thai at Cafe Equator, K decided to give Drunken Noodles a try, and we also ordered the Kaffir Lime Curry with chicken and the Crying Tiger.
Everything was pretty good. My favorite was the curry. K said he didn't want coconut milk, so we picked one without, and went with spicy level 4, and it was perfect. The beef in the Crying Tiger was good but my favorite part of that dish was the vegetables. K was worried he would find the wide noodles a little too gummy, but he was able to enjoy the noodles.
On Sundays, they have their cocktails for $5 each, and we took advantage of that. K got the Rama Dragon Martini and really enjoyed it (he talked about it for days). I had the Tropical Mojito and it was just okay.
It can get pretty pricey when you order three dishes between two like we do, especially in New Orleans where Thai food is generally expensive (a stir fry with chicken, pork, or tofu costs $8.50 at my go-to place in Portland, Oregon. The Peppery Garlic at Sukho Thai is $15 and at Bangkok Thai is $11.) But we enjoyed the dining experience, so we'll probably keep going back.Had an early dinner at Sukho Thai recently and was a little underwhelmed. 
It was my first time and I was pleasantly surprised by the decor.  Very modern and felt nicely upscale.  We were eating early so it was pretty empty but on the plus side I was able to take advantage of $3 martinis for happy hour.
The service was quick, efficient and very pleasant.
Unfortunately the good vibes I was getting were let down by the food - which was forgettable.  I went with a chicken larb salad and a bowl of the tom yum.  The chicken larb had a spicy kick but was otherwise didn't have any depth of flavor and the tom yum was very salty and just tasted off.  The SO got a salmon dish that was pleasant but pretty forgettable - also I thought the salmon was a little overdone.  Although only the tom yum was a disaster I was not impressed - particularly given the price point.Decor and atmosphere is nice.  The staff are attentive and friendly.  Catchy dish names.  Drunken noodles were so good.  We also had the duck pineapple fried rice and Tom Kha soup.  Presentation of dishes were pretty, however, the duck was dry and soup was just okay. It is a bit overpriced, but I kind of expected that since this was in the uptown area.  This wouldn't be my first choice for Thai food, but I will probably return to try other things on their menu.I couldn't have had a better experience. We always love it here, but tonight was different. I was mourning the passing of my best friend, and had not eaten in a couple days. My sweetie took me here cause I'm vegan and I love the options. I had a hard time trying to eat, but omg, the most amazing server William whose inner light shined so brightly got me calmed enough to finish my always delicious plate. He is a jewel and I hope his bosses realize that. I have worked in this bz 30 years, and I would hire him in a second and double his pay. He made a very sad night for me great by just being such a beautiful person. We will come back cause the food is awesome, but William is my boy! Even gave me a hug cause he knew I was hurting. Love you William and love Sukho Thai!The atmosphere was very nice and our server was excellent. 
We ordered seafood tom yum noodle soup and panang duck. Both were very flavorful and delicious. For dessert, we wanted to order mango and sticky rice but sadly mango was out of season... Instead, we ordered fried banana with ice cream, which were four pieces of fried banana, a few scoops of vanilla ice cream, and blueberries drizzled with honey. You can't go wrong with that.
I highly recommend this place for Thai food and we will definitely be back to try other items on the menu!My first time at Sukho Thai:
The server was so fricken nice, I kinda want to see if he wants to be friends in real life.  
I ordered the Pad See Ewe, which they call "Dirty Noodles", and it might be the best I've ever had.   It's a little pricier than I'd like, but definitely worth it. 
There's also a huge cocktail menu with lots of fun Thai-inspired options.First Thai restaurant dining experience in New Orleans and I was very pleased. I tried the Vegan Pad Thai and it was delicious, great friendly staff. I will be back for sure!sukho thai is one of the places I do return to when I want thai food.   I love the fresh spring rolls.     I prefer this location to the one in the bywater because its so much larger, and less hipster.    I feel comfy, and I like the ease of which everyone WANTS to help you.   
I come here often for lunch.   its relaxing and everyone is happy, even on days when they are in the weeds, they are right there for you.   you can get some heat on your food too, and the portions and flavor here tend to be more interesting than the other location.
phad thai
drunken noodle
spring rolls
tom yung gai soup.Had a enjoyable lunch today. Only wish the appetizer came out before the main dish.
Service was slow, glad I had cash on me. But over all good taste and spice.Food, service and atmosphere were all great. 
Had the sushi appetizer and it was delicious. 
We ordered green curry and coconut curry (both seafood) and they were both awesome. Would go again!I think this is the best Thai food uptown. My only gripe is that I'm not close enough to them, and they go through Nola food for delivery. But the drunken doodles and pad Thai are the best I've had in Nola!I tried this place for the first time yesterday. I was immediately seated and given water. I ordered the pineapple shrimp curry and seafood fried rice, and both were amazing. I was very pleased and will probably be dining here again.My girlfriend and I have both spent significant time in Thailand and this is the best we have found when we have a craving for Thai food - La Thai isn't as good/authentic. I've tried at least 15 things on the menu and I've never been disappointed with my food. Great flavors, good level of heat, and the staff whenever I dine in is always fantastic. You will be doing yourself a disservice by eating elsewhere if you are looking for great Thai food.The Tom Ka is good here. I did, however, order a mild chicken Pad Thai to-go and ended up with a melt-your-face-HOT tofu Pad Thai. Was told over the phone I could come back and get my proper order which I did. Not saying it is required but having worked in a restaurant, I think I would've made an effort to make amends...maybe throw in an order of fresh rolls, or a discount coupon, or at the very least, some eating utensils? No dice. Now my nose is running from the food I initially got and I'm looking at a fresh chicken Pad Thai that I can't eat. Sadness. I'm so hungry.As someone from California (where Thai food is prevalent and done really well) this place overall was a disappointment. 
Went for lunch on a not so busy Thursday and ordered pad see ewe (dirty noodle). Apparently medium here equals absolutely no spice. Had our waiter (who we suspect was high) had ever came back to our table we would have informed him of it. But since he disappeared, I got up and asked for a spice tray to completely alter my meal and give it flavor myself.
As this isnt my first trip to New Orleans, I already had a low expectation of service. Lets face it- the Big Easy is known for having Big Lazy service at restaurants. But this was pretty bad. Bathrooms had run out of toilet seat covers and paper towels. When mentioned to the host when I walked out with water dripping from my hands I received back a shrug with "yeah we ran out last night". 
Finally got a water refill as we were waiting for the check.
Why the second star? Because the guy singing, playing guitar and flute, was a nice addition to the ambience. If it werent for him this place would have gotten just one.
Bottom Line: Skimpy portioned, flavorless food and horrid service make this joint a pass.Update: This was not a fake review, I was just so horrified by my experience I felt the need to share. I never get on this which is why I never responded to your initial response several years ago. Unfortunately I had another horrible experience on 7/13/2018. Despite loathing this place, my dear friend wanted to go there for his birthday. I decided to go in with an open mind. It took roughly 38 minutes to get our first round of drinks. I looked past that since we were a larger group and it was a Friday night. Then our entrees came....My friend ordered the pad thai with shrimp and no bean sprouts. She got chicken with bean sprouts. Then they brought her another one, and she received chicken with no bean sprouts. Then she finally (after about 35 minutes) received the shrimp pad thai she had initially ordered. I'm saving the best for last, my entrée. I ordered the drunken noodles which smelled burned and even tasted burned, like they had been sitting in the hot oil for far too long. After our ridiculous wait for pretty much everything, my hunger surpassed my palate and I ate it anyway because I didn't want to wait any longer. I think I would have eaten the dead roach in the corner I was so hungry. The only positive out of this dinner, aside from celebrating our dear friend, was our waiter who was so amazing. I wish I could remember his name. With all that said, I will check this more regularly in hopes someone reaches out.3 starts? WTF? Best Thai I've ever had. About 15 for a meal, totally worth it. Drunken Noodles and green curry MMM MM MMMIt's Sunday afternoon and we just enjoyed some beignets and coffee at the mall. We started discussing dinner options and Thai food became our goal. Being from the Westbank, Banana Blossom was our go to but they are closed on Sundays. Our (new to the area) friends asked about this place, the last time I had it was years ago and simply remembered the company but not the food. We decided to just go ahead and give it a shot. The decor is modern and $5 cocktail specials is always a good thing for our group. They play music but it is so intensely low that unless you are at a dead silent table with no one else around, you will not hear it. The service was good, our server was friendly, nice, attentive, and great at her job. The drinks were fine, no complaints but no compliments either. For $5, they were adequate. The food came pretty quickly. Two in our party had the chicken panang, they didn't care for it. One had the shrimp tom yum (bowl), it was such a small portion! She didn't care much for it. I had the tofu pad thai with medium spiciness. Please read the next line carefully: IT WAS DECENTLY SPICY BUT HAD NO FLAVOR BESIDES THAT. There was no sweet, fragrant peanut smell, just spicy. The noodles were cut up, it was almost like they broke the noodles before boiling them. The noodles were so small that they served my dish with a spoon....Pad Thai served with a spoon, come on. The prices are ridiculously high in my opinion for the portion sizes and quality.Ever since my roommate and I moved to New Orleans the Marigny location is right down the street. We order take out and dine in at this location religiously. 
The other day we ordered about $50 worth of food and the quote time was over an hour. We called back and told them we would rather pick it up and they said see you in 20. When we went to pick it up my roommate went in and came out empty handed she said their credit card machine was down. She offered to write down the card number so they could charge us when it came back up. The server swiped the card 5 times and there are 5 pending charges now on her account. I went in and only had $35 in cash on me at the time not expecting to need another payment method. 
I asked the server that because they quoted us an hour and their credit card machine was down we can not do anything to get our food?  She argued with me and told me she didn't quote us an hour. I told her yes you did that is why we called back and asked to pick it up. All she said was that is too bad, looks like you can't and its an hour because we use an outside delivery company and that I shouldn't put words in her mouth. I was thinking of asking them to remake the soups that we got if I went to an ATM. I did not want to open that can if I asked. I called the uptown location and asked to talk to the owner he was not in. So I left my name and number and told the lady I would gladly talk about my service and experience I had. I still have not heard back. 
I feel like I was overly nice to the server and provided plenty of option so the business would be able to get partial or full payment.  So I decided to just forget it and leave, in the end the company lost the $50 revenue and my future business and the business of others. I work for a very large hotel chain in the city in a very large convention hotel. I would tell people to come here all the time sadly I cannot offer this as an option any more due to the extremely terrible experience I had here. 
I cannot offer the Magazine location either because of the terribly slow service. The last week when I was there, there was some kind of dirt and a small stick in my iced tea I ordered. I ordered another and the server assistant brought a new one simply filling my need and no apology or social interaction. Clearly none of the employees at either location feel empowered to do the right thing or provide quality service to make their location reputable. Since the owner or a manager did not call me back it seems like the communication was either lost or that simply is the type of atmosphere the owners are okay with fostering. 
This business does not even deserve a star.I have been here at least 4 times in the past year. Have been pleased with the service and atmosphere. I have enjoyed everything I have ordered. I love the Thai tea. They have good drink specials. I would have visited more but find myself in the are when they are closed midday.Let me set you up for why I had no patience for this place. My friends and I worked a 10 hr day on a Saturday (helping a friend). We were exhausted, starving, and just needed someplace that would take care of us. This place really disappointed. The food was decent but the service was absolutely horrible. Just getting someone to acknowledge our table took ten minutes. All the waiters hang back by the bar chatting and not being very waiter-like. We felt like we were the inconvenience just to ask this guy for some extra sauce. He brings the sauce for one person not for everyone at the table. Uh, what?...It really was a disaster. The owners should be ashamed that they have these people representing their establishment. Have to say the hostess was the most helpful person there-she should get a raise. We left their more exhausted than when we came in and vowed to never return.No! No! No!
We ordered the soup, the curry, and a garlic fry! Most was tasteless, cut wrong, and void of flavour.. My friend agreed! I was not impressed..
After growing up in Thailand - and spending my adult life there - I can honestly say this is not Thai food.
However, the pink elephant drink was the highlight :-)I'm writing the draft of this review from inside this restaurant... we still haven't received the check and we finished eating 30 minutes ago.  Took about 40 minutes to get our food.  The Tom Kha (coconut cream with chicken) soup was actually exceptional.  The pad Thai was also very good as well.  The Bathing Rama was a little dry, could have used a little more peanut sauce.  The place has a nice airy feeling and the music is not too loud, it's a great setting.  However, the entire experience was ruined by the poor service.  New Orleans could definitely use more Thai places and I really hope the owners of this restaurant fire their manager and hire someone who understands the basics about service.  Most of the waiters would stand around the drink area and do nothing.  No one is manning the host booth.  It's called hire a cute hostess and add 2 more waiters on the weekdays.  Done!Very good, but pricey. The location is very pretty, but I prefer to order delivery most of the time, as I find the service inside to be sluggish, even when you're the only diners in the place. The spice is good and the level matches what you order. As another reviewer said, "thai hot" doesn't pull any punches. I always want to try their fancy cocktails and exotic sounding drinks, but with the food already being on the upper end of what I want to pay, I haven't, yet. My favorites here are the pad thai, drunken noodles, yellow curry and I love the roti - but I don't see it on their website's menu now. I hope it's not gone.If you're looking for Thai, this place is as good as it gets! Once you step foot in, you're instantly greeted and helped to a table. It's nicely decorated and very spacious--good for big groups and parties. 
Every time me and my bf come here, we always get roti bread, sweet sausage fried rice, and a noodle dish. Depending on how we feel it'll be the duck noodle soup or the drunken noodles. I really wish I knew where they got their roti bread because it is always so flakey and has the perfect texture. Don't forget to ask for a side of their peanut sauce to dip your roti in! The sweet sausage fried rice might seem sketchy to you, but it's probably the best fried rice in New Orleans if you ask me. If you're thinking about getting the drunken noodles, make sure that you ask them to make it with light sauce or it'll just be drenched in it... Mmm, and the duck noodle soup! Let me tell you, never in a million years would I think to get this but my friend ordered this before and it was pretty good! It had egg noodles, duck breast, and chinese broccoli and the broth was very tasty. I also like that they let you pick your spice level of your dish, but if you're not ready to make that commitment yet, they also have a spice rack if you ask.
This place is literally my favorite for thai food. I've been here so many times that I've lost count. The food is always consistent and service is always good. Not gonna lie, it's pretty pricey but it is soooo worth it!I went to Sukho Thai with a group of friends and it was pretty good! The service was kind of slow, but it was busy and our waitress was a doll. I ordered the Pad Thai and it was delicious, but I wish that it had more of kick to it. So if you're ordering and want spicy food make sure you tell them you want very spicy because I only chose mild-medium and it wasn't enough. They also had a really great deal for $3 Tito's martinis. I will definitely be going back.I tried this place about 5 times and have had hit or miss experiences. 
Since its the closest Thai Joint to my house, I go there often enough, and tried the Red Curry and Basil Beef on my first try. I was very dissapointed in both, they didnt have the bold and robust tastes Im use to from Thaifood. In desperation, I ordered a 3rd Dish, the Seafood Basil and unfortunately, same result, very bland. The items were fresh, but the flavor was not there. What killed me is that I ended up spending 50 bucks (with tip and drinks). OUCH! 
I rolled back a few weeks later and got the Basil Fried Rice (or drunk'n rice) with Beef. Awesome flavor! It felt stright off the street in Lop Buri, Thailand! I polished it off. I don't even remember the price, it was that good. I repeated this again a week later. 
My last visit was a repeat of my first, I ordered the Chicken Satay and Papaya Salad. The salad was fresh, but the portion was tiny and the flavor of lime, fish sauce, chilis, garlic was very weak. The satay felt a little old. And it was 30 (with tip and an Thai Tea). Jeez, this is just two appitizers! 
I dont know, Im willing to come back and try new stuff, thier fish and special dishes are intrigueing, service always nice and attentive, great Iced Thai Tea, but dang if the food is pricey and not up to flavor. Please ADD MORE SAUCE!!! 
The place had a decent amount of customers most times I've been , so maybe its just my taste buds?I'll add that It is one of the nicest  Thai restaurants I've ever seen, and I've been to them all over the US (including ground zero in Los Angeles).Can't say enough good things about this place.   Some of the best Pad Thai in town.   The beef melts in your mouth.   Hint: skip the lunch portion and order off the regular menu.   You can thank me later.Eaten at both locations dozens of times. Downtown's spice levels are wildly inconsistent but on balance the place is great and has terrific staff. 
Uptown SukhoThai has crossed me for the last time. 
I sometimes call in pickup on my way home from work. Their staff is chaotic on the phone and they make you pre-pay for the order, which is a huge pain if you're driving, as I usually am. Just let me pay you when I arrive please. Are no shows such a big problem that it's worth inconveniencing every customer? 
Annnd They do not give you the same amount of rice to go as they do in house, so when I get takeout I invariably have too much curry and not enough rice. I have twice requested accommodation on rice portion size and the staff is annoying about it-- they insist on charging (like $2.50?) for what is really just an adequate amount of rice to go with my curry. Is this rice drama minutiae? Yes, but it's enough of a pain in the ass every damn time that I'll head to Thai mint or Bangkok, which are not on my way home but do actually accommodate customer requests. This place is more expensive than all of the other Thai in town. Peace. And I will miss the fry bread.The menu is creative and they offer several vegetarian friendly dishes. 
I was searching for a place with Salmon Panang or Pineapple curry. I found both here.  I got delivery through deliverynola and went with the Sizzling Salmon.  A large piece of salmon was ontop of blanched broccoli/carrots/cabbage. I could have done without these as it was so bland and almost raw (basically just a  whole lot of garnish).  The curry came with plenty of carrots, zucchini, and peas which I thought was odd. Peas? They must mean peapods...no no. They are peas. Fresh peas at that.  I wish there weren't peas, but at least they were fresh. I might try to modify this dish next time and see if they will accommodate.  Based on the reviews of level of spiciness, I went with medium (I normally get hot). Medium was perfect.  
The prices are a bit high ($25 for one curry dish with delivery fee) but the portion was large and the dish comes with rice. 
The meal was good. If they do a great pad thai, I'll have to up the stars!Stopped in after the parades for a quick bite having never been before and WOW were we so surprised and impressed. 
First of all, I should preface with how we practically don't dine without yelping first. A restaurant with 3.5 stars doesn't stand a chance in our book with all of the good food in Nola. We'd generally skip right over it. Having stopped in without checking yelp (for once), we were highly impressed and shocked at the reviews. I still haven't perused the comments, but I can't imagine how anyone wouldn't have a great experience here.
As huge fans of Thai food, we were more than happy with our meal. Ordered the drunken noodles and they were to die for. Literally the best we've had. We'll definitely be back. And I'll never look at a 3.5 star restaurant the same again.I previously visited the other Sukho Thai location in the Marigny and since I enjoyed it so much, I decided to go back but visit the Uptown this time.
This location has a much better aesthetic. It looks a lot newer and is a far more beautiful, zen space.
I thought that food at the other location was slightly better though. The only thing we order that we also ordered the last time was the Pineapple Shrimp Fried Rice which failed in comparison.
I ordered the Shrimp Pineapple Curry. I like the Jamaican preparation of curry and not so much the Asian version, so I was surprised that when I went out on a limb and ordered this, I really like it. I was very happy with my choice and definitely would order it again.
My fiance ordered the Drunken Noodles. We are typically Pad Thai people, but he said he may like this better. Either way, both are good choices.
Having experienced both locations, I probably would go back to the Marigny.Ambiance is very nice, service was good, food was on par. Chicken satay appetizer was just ok, however the drunken noodles made Thai hot were better than others I've tried in New Orleans. 
As a few other people stated, their Thai hot level of spiciness if hotter than what most people can handle. I asked for it 'twice as hot as Thai hot' and my mouth was on fire. It's great to know there's a place in town that will actually make you a meal as hot as you want it!The food was great. The 3 stars is because the server was terrible. We came in on a Sunday for lunch, it wasn't busy at all. Our server was very unmotivated and had no sense of urgency at all. It took her a long time just to get to our table, I don't mind patiently waiting if they were busy. We ordered a coke and a beer for beverages my husband got his Coke first and I asked him to see if she was coming back with my beer since my back was turned no, she was not because eating behind the counter. Ugh! 
Furthermore, she lacks the personality you need in this industry. The hostess did a better job checking in on us. The hostess refilled our water/soda as needed and overall friendlier than the server who wore crazy blue glitter eyeliner.
I would go back to this place but would walk right out if she was my server.Every dish was prepared perfectly and full of flavor. My daughter and I enjoyed everything we ordered. We each end started with a cup of Tom Yum Shrimp then we shared a plate of Som Tom *papaya salad* and plate of Shrimp Pad Thai. 4 stars for the taste would have been 5 but I felt the portion could have been better especially the Papaya Salad, however the server Juan was excellent. I would definitely go backWow, finally went to the new Magazine St. location and was it lacking.  The atmosphere is very sterile, the food quality we'll get to later and the service was horrid.  Our server had one other table besides our's.  We had to ask him three separate times for a high-chair for our two yr old and then he merely pointed out where they were so he could continue his conversation with the bartender.  Never refilled our water's or checked in on us once the food was delivered. Weak-sauce.
Now for the food:
I remember the halcyon days when Sukho Thai was the best Thai food you could find in New Orleans, better than a lot of spots I ate at in Thailand. But those days are no more.  It seems like they lost a good portion of their original staff to an amazing restaurant on the West Bank: Banana Blossom(which features a Northern Thai dish called Khao Soi, my favorite dish ever) and what comes through the kitchen doors these days at Sukho Thai is uninspired and extremely over-pricedDefinitely the best Tom Kha I've had in the city!  It was not too rich and not too thin.  I can't speak on the other food because I only ate the soup.  The other half of my party really liked his seafood glass noodle salad (can't remember the name of it).  He had the hottest version and enjoyed it!  Our server was very personable and professional.  It was a slow night when we were there, so it was very quiet and calm.The service here is usually decent. The food always tastes great. I'd say 5 stars on the flavor of the food. The issue I have with this place is the policy to require a card authorization on orders over $20 on the phone. It's inconvenient and inconsiderate to the guest. 
I understand why the policy is in place but it isn't the industry standard. It's also annoying. I'm sure they've been burnt by people not picking up take out orders before but it can't be anymore so than the countless, comparable establishments in New Orleans.As a Thai diner, to me, their food looks Thai but doesn't taste like it. Probably the weakest Thai restaurant I've come across throughout the US in terms of authenticity. Service is mediocre.Pretty decent food and they deliver! The fresh spring rolls are great and the shrimp soup was aweseome. I highly recommend this joint!Great atmosphere, very cool open interior.
I had the Drunken Noodles w Shrimp. Very very tasty and fresh.
Only thing keeping this 4 not 5 stars: very light on # of shrimp. I'd guess there were only 4-5 shrimp in the dish.First time here because I had purchased a Groupon. Staff was very friendly and helpful with questions about the menu. The inside was very nice and had a great feeling. I had ordered the chicken appetizer which was very good. I had I love you my sweetheart for my meal which I did not like at all. It was more of a soup than anything. It also had a bad taste which I could not determine what it was. Very overpriced also.Great Thai place on magazine. Their menu is hugeeeeeee. I had the chicken pad thai which was delicious. Their pad thai is on the saucier side which I love (not the biggest fan of dry pad thai). Also tried the pad see ew and it was wonderful. It is a little on the pricier side-- $13 for my pad thai before tax and tip and that was the cheapest entree on the dinner menu. The portions are decent though (an entree is equal to 2 meals).This location is not as good as the Marigny one.  Veggies are overcooked and spares.  Pad Thai spicy ended up being noodles swimming in soupy hot sauce with no other flavors.  They never asked how spicy. Spicy apparently means HOT.Some good Thai food here.  Try not to order the  hottest seasoning unless you like your lips numb.My first thai restaurant since moving to new orleans, and ive been to MANY while living in san diego.
the food is good. several options i have never come across before, also. we tried the drunken noodle and the curry noodle. both were very good, altho the spice level was a bit short. that was easily fixed by asking for the spice rack. the food didnt blow me away, but definitely reasonable considering price and portion sizes.
i will definitely be coming again to try their other options. parking can get interesting due to the area it is located in.
highly recommended if you enjoy thai cuisine or considering trying it.So, I have ordered to-go from Sukho Thai quite a few times in the past, but never dined in until a few nights ago.  The food and beverage choices are always great.  I have had the red curry, green curry, pad thai, drunken noodle, and as of a few days ago, the kaffir lime curry.  All of them are top notch.  My only complaint is the speed and accuracy of the service.  I think the girl was new because she seemed stressed about having 3 tables.  It took her nearly 20 minutes to get our drinks to us, but she comped them even though we didn't ask her to.  She was also very polite and personable.  
All in all, I am a fan of this place and I recommend it to anyone in the mood for some good Thai cuisine.I just went for my 3rd and probably final visit.. Every time we go, we are hoping for a tasty, awesome dinner -- but they never fail to provide a lackluster dining experience. 
And the sad thing is, it's NEVER the food. The food is pretty dang good. I've now tried the Tom Kha all 3 times, absolutely delicious and creamy.  The curries are spicy and authentic tasting, and the noodles hold their own...
Unfortunately the service has been repeatedly subpar.. This last visit was with a party of 9 and after the water was served, we didn't hear from anyone for a solid 15 minutes. And the restaurant was sparsely populated. In total, we were checked on maybe 2 or 3 times. Long gaps of nothingness and waiting. Forgetful service. Overall quite lame, as agreed upon by all of us.  They must have been ashamed with the service, as they extended us the "family discount" which was super cool of them, and fetched them the 3rd star on this review.. 20% off the bill. 
We MIGHT be back if the Thai cravings hit hard, and all other options are exhausted. It's just sad to see tasty food be spoiled by deplorable front-of-house service. Pick your game up boyz!!We've been to Sukho Thai in the past, and it's just "okay" to me. When my party of 5 people arrived for lunch today, we were sat without menus. After waiting for the server to return for several minutes, I ended up grabbing the menus from the host stand myself. When he visited our table for the first time after seating us, he brought waters for everyone, which was nice, but we had to stop him from walking away to place our drink orders.
After that, however, things improved. The server apologized, saying that they were short-staffed that day, and he was fairly attentive from then on. I got the Veggie Pad Thai, which wasn't bad. It just didn't wow me. On the other hand, my husband got the Kaffir Lime Curry Tofu and said it was great.
If you're going to go, I'd recommend checking it out for lunch, as the specials are pretty reasonable.This place is fantastic. The service is fast and everything on the menu is delicious! I especially love their vegan menu. From noodles to curry to vegetables to cocktails, nothing disappoints! I've tried other Thai places and every time I'm upset I strayed away from Sukho Thai. The owner and manager are very attentive if you have any issues with service which is another plus. Yes, they're a little pricey but the other Thai places are too. There's a nice atmosphere, good happy hour specials so I think it's worth it.First time I came here, there was hair in my roommates food! Yuck!! As an apology, we received 10% off of our bill. Yippee??? 
The second time I came, my friend ordered the glass noodle soup, but when she received it, the glass noodles were nonexistent! When she informed our waiter, he said "oh they just sink to the bottom sometimes." 
I'm pretty sure my friend tried to scoop noodles from the bottom of the bowl before informing you sir! 
Overall, I think the food is decent but it's the little details that they need to get together!Wow was this bad. Uncooked chicken. No peanut sauce served with chicken satay. 2 hour long wait for food. Manager didn't seem to care. I have been here before tim his past experience but will not be going again. Embarrassing evening for this restaurant.The service and food are fantastic! Very welcoming as soon as we walked in, prompt service, waitstaff were friendly and attentive. Food was delicious and they had a promotional drink of coconut milk eggnog with or without rum and it was omg soooo good! I will definitely be coming back here!The food was good. It was just the service took forever and the food took long. I kid you not it was daytime when we first got there and ir was nightime byu the time we left. It got to the point you didn't want to ask the waiter for something because it would just add to the delay time. Yet againthe food was good. I would just do take out the next time I visit New Orleans.Wonderful food. I love the curry noodles! The staff is very friendly. It's the best Thai food in New Orleans.We are here regularly. Food is very consistent and they've got some somewhat healthy offerings. Our visit on " Sake Wednesday" was appealing. The service was awful (our server apologized several times saying it was his 2nd day). bathroom was filthy and I can only imagine what that kitchen looks like. This WAS one of my favorite quick bite places but not sure I'll be back.It's a bit pricey but it's the BEST Thai food I've had since I moved here (and I've tried several places). I got the chicken Pad Thai (spicy) and the appetizer sampler. The veggie rolls and dumplings were AMAZING! The Pad Thai was perfect as well with the right amount of sauce and spice. I'll definitely be back!!Tried for the first time and did not enjoy as much as I hoped for the price I paid. The green papaya salad was way to spicy even though I said medium! And it was tiny- $10 for a few bites is ridiculous. Three stars because the pad Thai was good but the spice scale is not consistent and the salad was way overpriced.I came here for a friend's birthday with never having tried Thai food so I wasn't sure what to expect. When it comes to Asian food, I'm super picky because I'm really not a fan of Chinese food and wasn't sure if it would resemble the flavors used in Chinese foods.
I decided as a newbie to Thai cuisine, I would get the Sukho Thai appetizer sampler. It was absolutely delicious! I also tried one of my friend's noodle dishes, which was also amazing and spicy, just how I like it!
For drinks, I ordered the lychee martini, which is basically like a skinless grape floating around in a fruity martini drink. It was different, but good. 
Now that I've tried Thai food and know I like it, I can't wait to come back here and explore their menu some more!Finally, I found a good Thai Restaurant in NOLA! I love Thai Food but I haven't really been able to find a place where they can execute a simple Chicken Pad Thai. I started off with a Tom Kha soup. It was perfect! I'm not a huge fan of coconut but for some reason it sounded so appealing in the menu that I had to try it and I'm happy I did!
Then, of course, I had to eat the Pad Thai. It was very very yummy as well. Not the best I've eaten but close. 
The restaurant per se is soooo pretty. It seem like it was a small little restaurant from the outside but it's actually big, modern, and elegant looking. 
I'll be back, but probably for lunch, since prices are cut over half! And FYI- Lunch specials are from Tuesday to Friday until 2:30pm. I was confused by their website, it seemed like the lunch specials were also available on Saturdays.The food here is good just not as good as at the Marigny location BUT they do have booze here so that makes it more convenient in some ways.  For the price I think I much prefer the food at La Thai on Prytania but this place is probably a bit more "authentic" if you want to be a purist.  The atmosphere is a bit sterile and while the interior has lots of space I find it a bit too "modern" for my taste.  It is a good addition to the area and if you want a bit of a change it can be a nice spot for a quick Thai experience.meh. most of the vegan dishes are $13.95, which is RIDICULOUS for the quality and quantity you get. i think they only charge that much bc of the total lack of thai restaurants in nola. the eggplant lovers dish was basically stir fry with pieces of eggplant (NOT your typical basil eggplant dish in most thai restaurants). the yellow curry (not sure why the others aren't vegan) was watery and mediocre. ugh i feel so bad thinking about how much money i've spent here for really mediocre thai food. their drunken noodles is really sweet and the portion is TINY. i think people who think it's "really good" have never had real thai food. i miss my college days in berkeley, which is full of cheap thai restaurants. 
the only plus is that the restaurant is nice inside.Wonderful atmosphere...beautiful bamboo tables, distressed white brick walls, comfortable seats, and great music (Bon Iver, Angus & Julia Stone, etc). The ambience alone is reason enough to give one of the area's seemingly few Thai places a try. 
Thankfully they had my favorite Thai dish, Larb Gai. It's a salad bursting with flavor. Minced chicken with lettuce, red onions, chives, roasted rice (for texture), mint (other places use cilantro), spices, and a lime vinaigrette dressing. These guys have a respectable version. 
Mannerly service too. 
I'm very pleased.No.
I stand by the fact that this place is WAY overpriced. Maybe their prices are comparable to Thai food in the area but it's still not very good.
Ethnic Gourmet makes a frozen pad thai that costs $3.95 is about equal in taste, and significantly cheaper.
Also, I ordered a lychee martini that tasted like dirty sea water. The only thing I can think is that maybe they used it for a regular martini before hand and didn't wash it well enough.
I still love thai food, but will probably refrain from any further visits.I have been to sukhothai a few times in the past. But this last weekend will be my absolute last time. My group of 6 had never been, except for myself. I really wanted them to enjoy it. Our server, Colon K, was obviously not mentally at work. I asked how many mussels come w the appetizer, so I know how many orders to get for my group. I knew it was a few, but Colon said "20". Wrong! When asked about the fried rice, his answer "I don't know". Service was horrible. 
When the bill came, he charged me for items that were not in our orders. After he corrected the problem, he said "it was a computer error". The bill was $174. We asked him to charge $60 to credit card and gave him $114 cash. Well, he comes back with the receipt to sign and charged the whole $174 to card and kept the cash. When this was pointed out to him, he recharged the card for the correct amount and said "it was a computer error again". So now the card has 2 pending charges. I had already tipped him cash and wished I could've taken it back. 
When the night was done, we thought this disaster was over. WRONG!!! 3 out of 6 people were sick for the next day. Not only belly aches, but horrible bowel movements. I am embarrassed that I took my friends and family here. And so disappointed, because I used to love this place. Do not bring your loved ones here!!!!Best Thai in Nola! We come here all the time and everything is excellent. Personal faves include curry noodles, drunken rice, dirty noodles and all the stir frys.Stylistic opposite of the Marigny location, Marigny good basic Thai in a tattered, quirky venue, Magazine more refined fare in a crisp, modern frame.  Appetizer combo:  Crisp, delicious spring rolls, divine shrimp pockets, somewhat bland rare tuna, overall delicious.  My Pad Thai (hot) delicious to me, a touch oily to the wife.  She found her Seafood Glass Noodle Salad short on chile lime dressing, thus a bit bland.  Atmosphere was lovely, service was excellent.  Street parking, but easy and accessible.Have been coming here for years for the great food. Pad Thai, hot basil & the curried soft shell crab are all amazing! Great service and atmosphere as well.This place has a good pad thai but, man, is it overpriced and slow.The atmosphere and food are incredible. The whole fried fish and scallops are awesome, and the drunken noodles are great too. Great selection at the full service bar too. Never a disappointmentI got takeout from Sukho Thai last night. I ordered the red curry. When I got home with my meal, they forgot to include the rice. My order also came with literally 4 shrimp. Very disappointed. Spent $16+ for soup with 4 shrimp.This is such a shame because I used t really like this place.  However, on a recent night, we tried to order take out.  We were told on the phone that our order would be ready in 20 minutes.  I arrived approximately 30 minutes later.  I was told that my food would be out in a minute.  30 minutes later, there was still no food, and the only explanation that anyone would give me is that the kitchen was "backed up."  I noticed several to go meals waiting for people, and several people picked up meals while I was waiting.  The staff explained that these orders were placed before mine.  However, as I had been waiting nearly an hour, I find it hard to believe that people waited for at least an hour before they came in to pick up their food.  
After waiting for over an hour, I asked the staff if I would at least be getting a reduction in price.  The manager spent about ten minutes at the computer, and came back to tell me that my order had been cancelled.  This was an awful customer service experience, and I have no desire to return.  There are better options, and we will be using them from now on.
UPDATE:  Turns out that my order was not cancelled. When I checked my credit card statement, there was still a charge from Sukho Thai.  I have disputed the charge, and after hearing the story, the Credit Card Company immediately removed it from my bill.Sukho Thai is so close and we just do not eat there that much.  Most of the time, it's pick up.  So I cannot say much for ambiance and service, but I can tell you about the food.
In short, it's pretty decent.  I do not crave Sukho Thai, but when we order, I'm pleased.  We usually get the Pad Thai and Drunken Noodles.  Maybe throw in a few spring rolls or something.  You can have the dishes spiced to your liking.  I think they'll let you pick from a spice scale 0 -10.  Overall, I think the food is decent.  It's definitely filling and the portions allow plenty for some nice leftovers.  
Sukho Thai is a great option for some quick pickup.  It's Uptown and walking distance from our place.  I suspect if it were a bit farther out, we wouldn't make the drive in for ok Thai food.We've been to Sukho twice in the past three weeks because we really enjoyed the food.  We went for dinner tonight and had a very different experience. After reading a fee do the other reviews it seems that we had a similar experience. When we arrived there was literally on other customers there. They told us to pick any seat, so we did. The server came fairly quickly and was very nice. We placed out order and that was the last time we saw her. Our food came out and it wasn't quite what we ordered but we decided to just eat it rather than send it back. We requested a spice rack and never received it. But that's minor.
While we were eating, a large group came in for dinner and apparently our server was the one to serve this group. We understand that you get busy but she could have asked another server to help us or something. We counted five other servers standing around. 
After we finished, we waited for at least 20 minutes to get the check. Then we noticed that she rang us up for a seafood dish when we got a chicken dish, a difference of almost $10. We waited for her to return to discuss this but she never did. After another 30 minutes we flagged down another server and asked to speak to manager.  It was ridiculous . The worst service over every had. The food is good, but not good enough for me to return.  
Go to Lily's Cafe instead. Much better prices and the waiter are the owners so they actually care about your experience.It's Thai food, so it can't be bad. It is however, ridiculously overpriced.Super rushed service.  Entrees arrived immediately after appetizers.
Then waiter asked to remove barely eaten apps.  Food mediocre.  Place was 20% full.  Used to be exceptional overall.  Now barely average.  Will NOT go back - or recommend to others.The food was great, and the portions are prefect for sharing. But the service was awful. 
My fiance and I went last Saturday and we had to ask the hostess for a waiter. What kind of restaurant ignores a table? We were even seated before the rush! Every server was in panic mode, and power walked between tables. Each server had individual tables that were so far apart! One couldn't remember who he was serving! They needed their own little cluster or zone of tables. The waiters were so busy they couldn't even fill water glasses or remove appetizer plates till the main course was served.
As I walked to the restroom I saw tons of dirty dishes stacked in a corner of the restaurant, multiple dirty tables with empty glasses and dishes in front of patrons. How disgusting. Obviously the staff was spread too thin to clean up their areas.   
When I go out to eat there are a few things I expect; prompt service, attentive waiters and great food. All we received was great food, and that does not excuse the poor service or frantic waiters. This restaurant is not organized and the manager might as well be a chicken with it's head cut off. Each employee needs a formal education in how to run a restaurant because it was clear that no one knew what the hell they were doing Saturday night.
Overall, you are much better ordering your food to go.Good food- large portions of pad Thai! Yay! Comes with an orange instead of a lime. Yaaaa digggOh Sukho Thai, I want so much more for you.
Your food is pretty good, your space is palatial, but DAMN your service leaves so much to be desired. Let's take my most recent experience as an example (since it closely resembles most I've had here):
I walk in, and the 4 staff members stare at me from the bar. Don't all jump up at once to greet me, y'all! You look so busy chatting over there... So I awkwardly pass the host stand and come to you guys. This is so awkward, who will seat me... for the love of god, SOMEBODY just say hi and acknowledge me! I promise I won't bite.
Finally, I'm "welcomed" and seated, it takes another 10 minutes until my very awkward waiter takes my order (Pad Thai - NOM!). My food arrives quickly, and it's good. But dear awkward waiter, where did you disappear? I never saw you again. Did my eye contact scare you away?
I actually had to walk to the counter to get my check and pay. I didn't leave a tip, and I'm the type that usually leaves 20% for 'meh' service, because the service industry ain't a piece of cake. Except when I'm the only person in your section and I ordered one thing. 
Two redeeming factors: the food and Eustis. The guy seated me, refilled my water twice (seriously, where was my waiter?!), bussed my table, and checked to see if I needed anything. Eustis was kind, attentive, and funny. I'm still not clear why Eustis wasn't my waiter when he did most of the work? Seriously, it's on my mind 5 days later. 
*Mental note: go back and give Eustis that tip the 'waiter' didn't earn*The food is good, but guess what you're in New Orleans, the food is excellent everywhere. However, the service here is TERRIBLE. I've consistently had poor service here.
Tonight, Friday night at dinner time. The place should have been packed. It was nearly empty. We were seated at an extremely sticky table. It took a while to get someone to take our order (considering the place was dead), but once placed our food was brought out promptly and was good.
I was happy and we left a 25% tip. However, on our way out, a woman who had previously been uninvolved in our service (she was older, and had dark hair piled up on her head) said some generic farewell as we walked out the door. We were talking to each other, and didn't reply, and she called after us in a snarky rude voice, "same to you!" ugh. I'm never going back here.We went here a few weeks ago for the first time. As soon as we walked in, we felt very comfortable. Great ambiance, music, and friendly staff. We were seated immediately and our drink orders were brought out promptly.
We got both got lychee shooters (exceptional), an orange sherbet cocktail (very tasty), and the soft shell crab appetizer (fantastic). I got chicken pad Thai, hot, and it had excellent flavor with very high quality ingredients. My boyfriend got mahi mahi green curry, Thai hot, which was so good we practically fought over it.
Many of the other specials looked delicious and we can hardly wait to return and try everything else on the menu. All in all, we were very pleased with the experience.Very mediocre. Got the sampler appetizers, not even my cat would eat the shrimp or fish. The curry was ok, mostly bamboo shoots. Probably won't came back.My fiancé and I wanted Thai food and this place look clean and modern.  The service was bad, my order came out wrong and my fiancé order the HALF tamarim duck for 29.99.  But what he got was 6pieces of duck .  We was so very disappointed and the waiter didn't even ask us how was the food or anything.  There is too many restaurant on magazine for us to give this place a 2nd chance.  And for the price they charge there.  I don't mind paying but we would like to get for what we're paying for.Love this place!!! So delicious, every time. Atmosphere, food and service always consistent and great.I came here for dinner on a week night. Entering, I noticed that Sukho Thai's ambiance is really welcoming and modern. I love it. It's one of the nicer thai restaurants in New Orleans. 
Food I ordered : spicy seafood drunken noodles, yellow curry, and sticky mango rice. If you get spicy drunken noodles, wow it was incredibly spicy. I remember drinking glasses on glasses of water. My gut hated me the next morning. Anywho, all these dishes are really well made. I really liked the sticky mango rice so much I got one togo.This place has GREAT thai food. The sauces that they provide are delicious. The food has great variety and taste. I would definitely recommend this place.This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in New Orleans. This and Equator. I've been here several times and all of which have been good. Great curries and noodles. I think the drunken noodles are the best in the city.  When they say spicy, they mean spicy. I love that because there are several places that say spicy but its never really that hot. There's a pool table in the back while you wait. The dining seems more family style and the portions reflect that. I would recommend this place if you're craving authenticThai cuisine.My Girlfriend and I used to eat out very often, from coveted 5 star restaurants to food trucks. Recently we started the Paleo diet. Two times out of the last 6 months we decided to be bad kids and break the rules. Thai food being one of our favorite cuisines, we opted for Sukho Thai.  It's in our neighborhood and the menu looks amazing! Good god please slap me for making this mistake twice. Twice only because the first order was so horrible that they gave us a 25% off coupon. By horrible I mean cold, small portions, overpriced and hospital cafeteria-esque seasoning and texture. These 2 orders cost a cumulative $125 dollars (even with the 25% off coupon, excluding tip). Were not picky people, were even cool with delivery taking an hour and a half, no worries. The first order we wrote off, maybe it was an off night for the kitchen staff, could have been understaffed, whatever, its cool, I'll pay $65 bucks for 2 thai tapas plates (entrees) and an appetizer of spring rolls, thats fine. The second time! THE SECOND TIME, Hot basil shrimp entree ($17), "Bowl" of Tom Kha ($8.50), and Fresh Rolls ($8) we got charged $55 bucks on delivery and it tasted like they didnt even give it the luxury of a heat lamp. Do yourself a favor, go to Lilly"s or order a Pizza from Domino's, go to Burger King Oh yeah, and the prices are'nt the same as on the menu! HAHAHA! Yeah buddy Sukho Thai, god bless and goodnight.---Starving PatronWent to Sukho Thai for the first time tonight.  After hearing several rave reviews I was excited to say the least.  I left feeling pretty disapointed .  
All three of us dining tonight were dissatisfied .  My dad,who has had his favorite (pad Thai) in probably 50 Thai joints across the country, rated it as "fair at best".  
I had a soup that was far too simple and went way  overboard on the lemongrass.  It was hard to eat.  Though the spice was perfect (I ordered it medium) and the shrimp were large and perfectly prepared, the broth kinda spoiled it for me.  
Also our waiter was horrible.  He took 20 minutes to take our drink order and another 10 to bring them out.  They were not very busy at all.  
Despite all of these things.....I'll probably be back once more....I liked the atmosphere and I'm not willing to give up after one visit.Delicious. Try their Bloody Mary you will be in love. I had the drunken noodles, first time ever so nothing to compare it to but it tasted amazing!! Great atmosphere too.Just had Sukho Thai today, and it was all right. My friend and I ordered the sampler, drunken noodles and the eggplant lovers dishes. I enjoyed the drunken noodles plate, but the sampler was overpriced and it wasn't flavorful (shrimp-in-a-pouch, basically shrimp in fried wonton wrapping, veggie Vietnamese spring rolls, and slices of raw tuna). The eggplant dish had flavor, but didn't seem to have come with enough beef. I dumped the rice into the plate then took the rest of it home, and when I ate it at home, I found a piece of metal, like from a metal sponge scrubber in my food. It definitely was not from my house or in the box, so it was either in the rice or the eggplant dish before I put everything into the box. The spiciness I would say is RIGHT ON, though. I wouldn't pay this price for Thai food again. I'll just go home and ask my mom to cook it for me, without adding sponge metal pieces.I landed here for takeout. There are many Vietnamese places around, but Thai is somewhat rarer, and this seemed promising. I was, however, quite disappointed at the rather pitiful portion sizes I received; I could easily have expected twice as much tofu in my tofu dish. And it's not cheap. I was also miffed that where I ordered from their reasonably descriptive menu with the intent to avoid any broccoli, I still ended up with some in both dishes I tried; I'd definitely have to ask to avoid it if I wanted to eat there again.
On the plus side, however, it was a lovely restaurant, and I would have been happy to dine there slowly on a different night. Also in their favor, they do offer significant vegan selections for those worried about the various seafood ingredients that sneak into Thai food at many places. Lastly, I would say that when you ask for Thai hot, they don't hold back; my tofu dish didn't have any visible chili peppers but left a sustained burning sensation of the sort that I had to fight through for a bit.
I conclude that I might return for a night out in the area, but am not likely to use them as a quick takeout option again.Overpriced & inconsistent.  We have eaten here a few times and had a great meal the first time.  Unfortunately; the last two times have been unpleasant experiences.  Heat level is inconsistent - my husband ordered medium heat (mild, medium, hot, and Thai hot are the options) and it was so hot, it was inedible.  We don't mind spending extra money to have a great meal, but they are expensive and have meals that do not satisfy.  We will not eat here again.ABSOLUTELY AMAZING food terrible service. HATS OFF TO THE CHEFS, maybe they should work in the front as well as the back!I love this restaurant. I've always had a pleasant experience here. From the food to the service I'm always happy when I leave. I recommend this place for a nice evening with friends or a date night! You can't go wrong with the seafood claypot!Grilled eggplant shrimp and scallops rock. Nick rocks, too. Mojitos are the bomb as well.I got the duck soup and it came out fast and tasted great. Thai Bellini tasted amazing!! We had a group and the food still came out at a decent time. Waiter was very attentive.Really uninspired Americanized Thai cuisine. Overpriced, too. I came here for dinner on a weeknight with some friends, and we were the only ones in the restaurant for a good amount of time (this always makes me uncomfortable). Ambiance is nice and modern, and service was good.The Tom Kha soup was delicious- great portion size and wonderful flavor! The Pad Thai was meh- good spice (I order mine 4/5) but a bit too peanut-y, in my opinion. The drunken noodles were really good- much better than a lot of other places, but the lunch portion was a bit smaller than I expected and the noodle to veggie ratio was way off (hardly any noodles). I've been here several times and the service varies- not particularly great but not awful either.Went to SukhoThai for lunch this past weekend. I played it safe since I had never tried this restaurant before and decided to order the Pad Thai with the "Hot" level of spice. I always find you can tell how good a Thai restaurant is by their Pad Thai. And it was delicious. The portion size could have been a bit more for the price, but I left full so I can't complain too muchLet me preface this review by saying the food here is outstanding. As is it consistently tasty. The service, on the other hand, is SO slow. In fact, that is an understatement. 
I have been here a few times with a friend when we have literally been the only 2 people in the restaurant and it has taken 15 minutes to get drinks. The food almost always comes out before the drinks; this has happened to me 3 times. Not sure what the hold up is at the bar...
The last time I was here was with my boyfriend. I purchased a Groupon and was pretty excited about it. The hostess let us know that the food was going to take a while even before we were sat. Okay, no problem. Our server did not greet us until about 10 minutes later. He was very courteous and seemed to be on point, however. We ordered a bottle of Sake and our food at the same time expecting the food to take much longer so we could enjoy our Sake. About 10 minutes after that (thank god for the dumpling appetizer!)  the server comes to our table to inform us that the specific Sake we ordered was out. We ordered another, no problem. 5 minutes later, our food was delivered by the kitchen. Awesome! Except we still had no Sake. The point of ordering the bottle was to enjoy while waiting for the food, not the other way around. Needless to say, the Sake came out at about the same time we finished our meals. The server was busy, but I think a few check ins would have been helpful. We could have at least changed our minds. He didn't even ask us how everything was until the food was gone. 
The restaurant wasn't terribly busy but the servers were running around like they were all in the weeds. We tried to make eye contact with a few, ha! Wasn't happening. 
The meal still ended up costing a pretty penny after the Groupon and we were pretty disappointed. 
I think a good training on customer service and delivery is in store for Sukho Thai. The food is amazing and should be complimented by amazing service and this restaurant could be a really great place.
The food is very good here, if you are willing to be ignored by the servers and sit thirsty for at least 20 minutes, then I would suggest a date night here. Or just order take out.....I ordered lunch from here and got the fresh rolls and drunken noodles.  The entire meal was gross.  The noodles were total mush and the lettuce in the fresh rolls was rotten.  When I called to let them know about the spring rolls they said thanks and would let the kitchen know.  No mention of a credit or replacement, or anything...not exactly good customer service.  I've eaten at this location before and thought it was okay but after this, I'm never going back.  Thanks but no thanks.Really great Thai food! We stopped by while out on vacation. After eating rich Cajun food for many meals, we were looking for fresh, light Thai food with lots of veggies. Sukho did not disappoint. We enjoyed the eggplant stirfry with beef, a seafood entree, as well as some noodle and fried rices dishes. All of our meals were tasty, well portioned, and reasonably priced. Service was prompt and polite. We'd definitely return in the future!Just got back from lunch here and thoroughly enjoyed both the dishes we ordered.  Service was quick, personable, professional and efficient.  The hot basil with beef was the star of the lunch.  Ordered "medium hot," it was tasteful with just the right touches of wok sauteed vegetables to complement very tender beef and a brown gravy that was to die for.  The other dish, Bathing Rama, was chicken in a peanut sauce with steamed broccoli on top of sauteed vegetables, including cabbage.  I would give five stars, except the kitchen sent the dish made with tofu instead of chicken and it had to be redone.  The peanut sauce was amazing - it was the consistency and, really the flavor, of melted peanut butter.  In all, this was a great lunch in a land where creole and cajun cuisine can become tiring rapidly.  We've got another two weeks to spend in NOLA and will return here at least a couple of times.I didn't appreciate being told to be brief with my order when making a pick up order.  The person who answered the phone was rude and unwilling to answer my questions about the menu because he was simple to busy and overwhelmed.   I decided to take my business else where.Good food good service. Loved their wok special. They accomodate kids very well!We are regulars !I was pleased as pie to learn that Sukho Thai opened a location in my neighborhood. The restaurant serves high quality, authentic, delicious Thai cuisine. It's the best the city has to offer. The drunken noodles are my favorite thing on the menu. If you have never tried Thai food or have yet to find a place in the city that you like, Sukho Thai will make you fall in love!Love that you can order from mild to Thai Hot and the Thai Hot is real! Loved the tomyum! Good service tooGreat food, service and atmosphere, what more can you ask for.  mmmmmmm.. delicious.  Manager came around to check about if the food was prepared to our liking, very cordial people and atmosphere.Guys, they have the best Tom Yum soup and Thai tea!!! The service is good and portions are pretty generousThe service is so so bad, but luckily for them, I'm a very patient person and their food is so so good. Every time I dine in, I have to wait forever to be greeted by a waiter, have my order taken, have my food brought out, and get my bill. Ordering take-out is a breeze however. All-in-all, I say it's worth it for the delicious pad thai!Five years demands an update! I'm an ardent fan of both the Marigny and this location Uptown. Both have entire vegan menus (it's included in the regular menus) with interesting options. Everything I've ordered here has been excellent. Due to the lack of restaurants in town with decent vegan options (it's getting better), Sukho Thai is a savior in that regard. 
But beyond that: 
+a Thai restaurant that respects the "Thai Hot" request and delivers (the other night, my food had generous amounts of chili peppers. I didn't even need hot sauce)
+favorite dishes: keffir lime tofu & green beans + drunken noodles (the perfect hearty dishes for a cold night)
+fresh rolls with both avocado *and* tofu (peanut dipping sauce served with is incredible)
+interesting cocktails, bubbly and nightly drink specials
+extremely nice staff
The location Uptown is huge so if you like eating with tons of space, which in this city can be rare, this is the location for you. I like the Marigny's converted cozy home, but both have really lovely ambiance and decor. Thai food in a setting worthy of a date night!First, the atmosphere: 
This place feels new. The space is big and it just needs something to fill it in and make it a little more homey. Also, why is it so cold in there? It made me feel like I was eating in a museum.
Now on to everything else:
I should warn you thay we've only gone to Sukho Thai once because the food is just too expensive for the quality and size when compared to La Thai. The waitress we had was great- super friendly, came by the right number of times/at the right times, and knowledgeable. But, I just don't feel that the food is worth it. 
Our friends swear this place is the best Thai in Nola, but maybe it's just one of those personal preference things? Try it out yourself, it's not awful, and write your own review :)I always love the food here but all the many times I've come the service sucks!!! (and I wait tables) Maybe sucks is a harsh word, slow is better. Our server was nice but he was never around. The food took forever on a not that busy night and he never came around to offer an apology or see if we needed a drink refill while we waited 40 minutes for our food. The pad Thai was delicious but my boyfriend wasn't thrilled about his ginger whisky fish. He ordered the filet and got the whole and even though we were informed we'd only be charged for the filet, the bill said otherwise. My second drink also never arrived even though that too was on the bill. I told our server he could make it to go since i did still want it and he brought it over with the check. We were given the wrong amount of change (20 dollars extra) and I made sure to give him his money back along with a far less than deserved 20% tip. Needless to say I will not be dining in here again, take out from now on. (Please train your servers better!!)Good mid-week meal with some girlfriends! I ordered a wok dish with beef,eggplant and other veggies in a red curry sauce; I made it moderately spices too. I enjoyed the fact that you can choose the level of heat on your dish. My dish was delish! We shared an variety appetizer plate to start which was good, but nothing amazing. Service was fine; nothing great but nothing awful.  So all in all, I would go back for another mid-week meal to change it up.After waiting two hours for our food it wasn't even good... I know they just opened the uptown location but damn...What I love about this restaurant is their menu, they have a lot of unique dishes here that you can't find from anywhere else. Nice atmosphere and spacey place in uptown area. The only complain is it hard to find parking around the areaI went here twice before writing my review because the first item I tried I didn't like but tried it again and figured I'll stick with items I like. I don't recall the name of this entree but it was mainly eggplant which I love. It was very good and I got the fourth hottest. Our server was wonderful and attentive. I'll go back and try another item to update my reviewDelicious! I love this place. Pad Thai is my go too and I'm rarely disappointed.  Servers are attentive and helpful.Food is really good but the.protein portions were really small 4 shrimps as an appetizer for $9 and 6 shrimps in the main entree with more vegetables than anything else and  6 shrimps for the fried rice $17& $13. And they were the medium ones. Would only honor one certificate even though the website only gives you a few denominations. Food was good but would not come back. this is the state where  80%   of the shrimps are produced for the US. I expected better for the proce I paid.jctI agree with everyone that the spicing at this location is a bit out of control. If you order medium prepare to need lots of water. I ordered mild last time and it was perfect me, but would have been too spicy for others.  I don't understand why this is such an issue at this location and not the other.
Plus 1 star because I walked by over the weekend and they now have their liquor license.The food was delicious, filling, and consistent with what I'm looking for from a Thai restaurant. However what really stood out to me and my boyfriend tonight was the hospitality. Our waitress was great. Even after moving tables twice due to various comfort issues (I really hated being THAT person) and changing my mind on what I wanted to drink, she was so friendly and reassured me that it was not a big deal. I know it's in the job description to be welcoming, but it's still somewhat rare these days. Not at Sukho Thai!Best yellow curry in the city. How did I not discover this gem which is only 3 minutes from our house!? I've ordered it weekly and the portions are so big it gives me about 4 servings!I ordered Sukho Thai for an office lunch. Spent over $200 on the order and we were missing appetizers, ignored the requests for things on the side, and everything was cold and even the entrees that we ordered as medium heat had barely any flavor. I would not consider ordering from here again.The pineapple curry with shrimp was incredible. 
I ate it all. Not a drop left. I took a friends rice to finish off the sauce.I am not an experienced Thai-foodie person. (My prior experience only spans to Cafe Equator in Metairie -also good eats.) However, this place takes the cake.. or rather the Pad Thai. 
The food is excellent. I've had the Seafood Tom Yum Noodles and the Shrimp Pad Thai (Hot). I've also sampled my (vegetarian) friend's plates. She usually gets the Veggie Eggplant Lover. Yum! The Tom Yum was flavorful and the portion size enormous. Enough for two, or maybe three if you've had a few appetizers. The Pad Thai was also flavorful and the spice level was perfection! Beware the runny nose afterwards! For those of you on dates, I would recommend a lower spice level.
Now the cocktails...are PURE excellence. The bartenders really know what they are doing and can guide you to something new and different if you are feeling adventurous. Amongst my favorites are the Thai Basil Orange Martini (which incorporates House-Infused Thail Basil Vodka; Fresh Lime; Orange Juice; Orange Syrup); Lychee Martini (Absolut Vodka; Lychee Juice; Lychee Garnish); and the Naughty Monkey (Pimm's No.1; Fresh Cucumber; Orange; Gosling's Ginger Beer).
To summarize the rest of the atmosphere: Low lighting (but not too dark), spacious, clean, neat, and incredibly "zen". It's hip to the jive for the wide range of 20-30 year olds who hit up the joint but not too trendy for the older group looking for something cool.Yummy drunken noodles!...but that's about it.  This was my second time here and I was hoping the food and service would have improved, but sadly it was still a disapoinment. Sukho Thai offers amazing decor and atmosphere, but that's about all it offers.  We had the drunken noodles which were delicious, the duck with a creamy curry (too creamy for my taste), the papaya salad (a tad bit too spicy), and the basil scallops which were good but not amazing.  The thai tea was also too creamy. How does someone mess up thai tea?! I don't understand. The food is overpriced for such mediocre taste!  There are much better thai restaurants in nola that you can try.
The service was ridiculously slow and the server barely checked up on us.  If I had a choice, I would not come here again. The only time I'll be back is if it's someone else's idea to go.We loves this place, we bought the drunken noodles and it was fantastic.. you should definitely try that...The food is overpriced and my chicken was in the pad Thai was completely uncooked. When I pointed out the pink raw meat the only consolation was a free dessert, rather than a comped meal or even a sincere apology. Ill be going to La Thai now for my New Orleans Thai food needs.The floor was very sticky! Also, there was a panda in blue jeans eating at the table next to us which seems very unhygienic, Regardless, the curry was delicious even though the veggies could have been chopped smaller. I really wish this place had a drive threw window and a daiquiri machine. But mostly I am just happy that Jeff Bridges was banned back in 2012. I have to respect for a place that let's hippies dine in their establishments. Kudos to Sukhothai for being anti hippy. Cheers!food is alittle expensive for thai.. could be because of location..Went last night to see how their vegan dishes were. We love their other dishes but recently took on a more plant based diet. Was pleasantly surprised by their vegan options. The food tasted amazing! The only issue was that the service was sort of slow and the water tasted kind of bad.As someone from California (where Thai food is prevalent and done really well) this place overall was a disappointment. 
Went for lunch on a not so busy Thursday and ordered pad see ewe (dirty noodle). Apparently medium here equals absolutely no spice. Had our waiter (who we suspect was high) had ever came back to our table we would have informed him of it. But since he disappeared, I got up and asked for a spice tray to completely alter my meal and give it flavor myself.
As this isnt my first trip to New Orleans, I already had a low expectation of service. Lets face it- the Big Easy is known for having Big Lazy service at restaurants. But this was pretty bad. Bathrooms had run out of toilet seat covers and paper towels. When mentioned to the host when I walked out with water dripping from my hands I received back a shrug with "yeah we ran out last night". 
Finally got a water refill as we were waiting for the check.
Why the second star? Because the guy singing, playing guitar and flute, was a nice addition to the ambience. If it werent for him this place would have gotten just one.
Bottom Line: Skimpy portioned, flavorless food and horrid service make this joint a pass.Loved the vegetarian options.  They make their veggie menu without fish sauce so that was a big bonus for me.  Great sized portions.  Tried the Garlic Tofu and the Yellow Curry.  VERY appetizing.  The by glass wine section is very limited and you won't get the condiment sauces with your meal unless you ask for them.  Also the wait staff was a bit slow, but the food MORE than made up for it.  Brandon the manager also stopped by and was a very nice guy and made the dinner even nicer by stopping by the table to ask how dinner was.  Will be on my list of top thai places in New Orleans Area.Food is good but service is terrible.  I placed an order to go from the magazine location and was waiting over 40 mins in the restaurant for my food.  I then went towards the kitchen in the back to inquire about my order when I was told to get out of the back and go to the bar by an kitchen employee.  After exchanging words with him the bartender chimed in and started to threaten me all while the manager was standing there in shock.  The manager apologized to me, but I refused the food and will never step foot in the restaurant again.  Be prepared if u speak up you might get cut!!!First of all, I must say, the food is wonderful! But the service is abysmal! When ordering a Thai Mint Salad, I asked my waiter Neil if that salad was similar to a Namsod salad which is offered in about 90% of the Thai restaurants I go to. He said that he would not know as he was new there, but would check. He never did. We ordered two vodka tonics with a splash of Rose's lime juice and limes in the drinks. Once the drinks came, they tasted odd and had no limes. They used rose water in the drinks?? I asked for limes again. He never got them! So I went to the bar and got them and asked the bartender what the waiter had asked for, he said some strange drinks with rose water! When we were seated, we asked for waters that never came. Eventually, the nice young man who seated us went to get us waters. Our waiter rarely checked on our table and it was just a disappointing experience. There is tons of competition with great options and service in NOLA, this place falls short of those standards.Just amazing. My husband is going through every curry dish and likes the next one more than the previous. Tip: try the puff bread! I had a salmon dish in coconut curry full of fresh vegetables. In addition,  we had a really nice veggie dip as an appetizer. 
We come back on a regular basis and this had become our favorite restaurant.Love there food! Pad thai, drunken noodles, green curry and shrimp tom yum are fav. They are on nola delivery so order a lot. Service in resturant is not great but still is not horrible.I really like this place, but the food is way spicy. Its a bit pricy, but the pad Thai is awesome at the second mildest level. It is nice that they have five levels of spiciness... Would recommend checking this place outI LOVE the food at Suhko Thai! Its super flavorful and tasty. Ignore the reviews about the price, yeah, its more expensive than other places, but its also way better and the portions are gigantic. They are more "family style" portions rather than individual size, for around $15. You will get at least 2 meals out of one if you order for yourself. 
Also, they are the only Thai/Asian place in the city that makes things appropriately hot. When I say spicy, I want it REAL spicy, not tourist spicy. 
I usually go for the curries, all of which are delicious. Ive also tried the clay seafood pot when I wanted something that wasnt so heavy, and it was quite yummy as well. 
Important tip: There are 2 Suhko Thai's: one Uptown, and one in the Marigny. The one Uptown has alcohol, the one in the Marigny is currently BYOB. The one Uptown is much better suited for large groups.Awesome lunch and great service.  Server went out of her way to make sure my special meal requests were correct.I previously had a not-so-pleasant experience with Sukhothai. The owner was nice enough to invite me over for a meal therefore. 
Last night, I had Basil Scallop (Seafood Combo) and my company had a half duck drunken noodle. We both enjoyed the dishes so much. The Basil Scallop was literally perfect. Combined with the white rice, It was like a match made in heaven! This time the dish was not too salty just about right with perfect spice level. I licked the plate at the end haha. Seafood was cooked thoroughly so were all the veggies. 
The sub-manager actually waited our table for the nice and he was very nice too. He and one other employee came to check up on us multiple times throughout the night and made sure that everything was okay. We really appreciated. 
I am so glad that I made another visit to this restaurant and I will come back many more times in the very near future.This would make for an awesome date night. Really cool, well planned decor and atmosphere and amazing service. Pricing is average $15/plate and you'll definitely be bringing some home. I suggest ordering less spicy than what you're used to - I had the yellow curry (mild) and my nose was running.The drunken noodles are amazing
And the dumplings were small and delicious
Totally walked away happy and glad I made the driveOrdered noodles with beef. Really delicious and fresh, also shrimp salad, it was fresh, but spicy for my gf. However we usually dont eat spicy food. Interior is really nice and relaxing in lunchtime, green plant everywhere. Definitely recommend!This is the worst experience with any "Oriental" restaurant in New Orleans. The waitress we had would ignore us every time she passed us and sat us in the back without checking on us or updating us on our food. It took over an hour for them to finally get our food to us and by the time we were served, some of our food was cold. It seemed like they wanted to wait to bring out all of the entrees at once or they just forgot. The food itself was not even flavorful. However, they did seem to get the presentation of the dishes right. It looked pretty, but was tasteless. The problem with a lot of Asian cuisines in New Orleans is that they can get away with any sort of average food and/or service. This is the perfect example of a mediocre Asian restaurant. I DO NOT recommend going here unless you like terrible food and service.My absolute favorite Thai restaurant I always get the seafood clay pot . It's absolutely delicious . I also had the mussels appetizer it was very tasty as well. I want to try the eggplant lover and the two fried fish and the beef salad . It's cozy enough with ample space . I could eat there at least 4 times a week!Went back and their waitstaff is better and food is still amazing! Sukho Thai is a great restaurant for when you actually want some good asian food uptown!Big fan of Thai food and, despite uneven experiences at the original Marigny location, was totes stoked when we got a copy in the neighborhood.
Don't be fooled by the faux modernist interior (a far cry from the homey atmosphere in the Marigny).  This place is overpriced and bad.
My roommate and myself ordered for take out.  I ordered the eggplant lover (as I do consider myself one), she ordered some soup.  I got there to do the ooh-la-la at the interior, but "can't judge a book..." and all that... they charged me a buck fitty for a small side of white rice.  My roommate's 5 dollar soup was barely there, a shmear-sized container of nothing.  And look, you know you're in trouble when the carrots in your dish are wrinkled like they came in a package with the green giant on them.  Bland, slightly uncooked eggplant.  I honestly felt like I could have done something similar with the given ingredients, and I'm a terrible cook.  
My experiences in the Marigny were always just ok enough to give it another chance, considering the slim pickin's when it comes to Thai down here.  But I'm done.  When I've got a hankering for pad thai, pad see yu, and eggplant, I'll go with Bangkok Thai.  They don't have chinaball lamps, but they don't charge me an arm and a leg for an unloved meal.A friend gave me a groupon for this restaurant and I've been wanting to try it so my s.o. and I went for dinner.  The atmosphere is great.  Good table spacing, lovely decor, not too stuffy.  Let me start by saying that thai food is hands down one of my top three types of food that I love.  I was spoiled living in Atlanta because there are so many authentic places there.  New Orleans, not so much.  They may say they are "authentic" but it's either thai with a nola spin (la thai) or regular cysco food with spice in it.  This is probably the closest I've had to authentic thai since I moved here.  I ordered the peppery garlic with chicken.  My s.o. got the red curry with chicken.  The sauce on my entree was delicious.  The vegetables had just the right amount of crunch.  I liked the fact that I could say how spicy I wanted my food.  I chose medium and it was perfect.  The red curry was ok - I've had better curry here in Nola (it also had that cysco food taste to me).  My s.o. loved it however.  The chicken was small all white meat pieces in both dishes and was very tender.  I gave only three stars because of the service.  While our server was friendly, it took a good 5-10 mins for her to even approach us.  In addition, she was not very attentive.  Granted it was close to closing time but that should not matter.  We had to go up to the bar for drink refills as she had not come back to the table.  She also never checked on us during the meal to see if everything was okay.  The only time we saw her during the meal was when we were finished.  It's a tad pricey in my opinion because the portion size is a bit small (also $13 bucks for fried rice for my kid).  The only food complaint I have was with our side order of roti.  It was extremely greasy.  Overal the food is good and the closest you are going to get to authentic thai food here in New Orleans.  The service leaves a lot to be desiredI came here last night and the service was absolutely terrible. I have come here before but last night, I had to flag my waiter to 1)take our order 2) get a new plate because mine was stained - to which he sighed  3) get the bill. The waiter would serve always go around our table but never come. Also took his time chatting with coworkers as I tried to get his attention. Never got his name but he had a short pony tail. You've lost my business. I'm done with sukho Thai.We used to think this was the bomb... then we came and our extra plate had 3 short black hairs on it... that looked like public hair... my husband realized it was RAT hair... will never go back! May go to Royal street but the magazine street location is off limits now... honestly banana blossom I'm Gretna is better regardlessI rely on a lot of online reviews but I never write them. We have dined in at this restaurant last summer and my husband just picked up our take out order a few minutes ago.   Sorry to say this restaurant is mediocre at best.  When we dined in last summer, we ordered a whole fish entree and pad thai...both were decent but nothing to write home about.  We chose other restaurants when we were craving Thai.  We decided to give this restaurant another try tonight out of pure convenience (we live close).  As soon as I opened my container of take out drunken noodles, I noticed that it was filled with uncooked/undercooked veggies and hardly any noodles.  There is a decent amount of shrimp and the flavor is good.  However, it does not make up for the fact that my $12 drunken NOODLE dish has hardly any noodles and half of it is just uncooked cabbage/broccoli.  Close to home or not, we won't be going back.Solid food. Easy take out service. They deliver through a separate company for a $10 fee. The shrimp pineapple fried rice is SO good. Pad Thai is good too!I eat at SukhoThai at least 3 times a month. Can't get enough - I bring everyone here when they're in town (so that I can try other dishes). I am obsessed with their Green Curry. I love the pad thai, but cannot stop ordering the Green Curry, every time. I love the Royal St. Location as well!!I've been here twice, once with my mother during Mardi Gras season and once for a friend's birthday. Both times the food was fantastic and the service was exceptional.The food was wonderful and in a city where I have seen terrible customer service I have to note that we were served by a really nice young lady, her name was Kat and unlike many other places we have been to here she was extra attentive and super nice.  We love Thai food so it was a joy tasting these dishes that were just delicious.  The curries and just amaaaaazing and I loved the Tom Yum soup that I ate and don't miss their pad thai or drunken noodles.  I can definitely recommend this place the staff especially Ms Kat made us feel like VIPsExcellent meal! We shared Thai noodles with shrimp, drunken noodles with shrimp and Thai rice with chicken....everything was very good.Came here for an early dinner. The food was great, drinks were $5 since it was happy hour, and our waiter John was fantastic. Highly recommend.Great Thai food, the restaurant is located just off the main busy road. Ample portions and great food :) particularly enjoyed the pad Thai.Nothing worst then some @$$clown talking about how this or that is not authentic thai, authentic mexican or authentic whatever. Sukho thai is pretty grubbin. that's all that matters to me. the Tom yum is good, the ahi tun app is great. We got Drunken noodle with Tofu (as my wife has stated in no uncertain terms that she is burned out on shrimp, and I can deny her nothing.) Delicious. Mango Sticky rice to finish it off. Sweet, pleasant serving wench. And even had a crazy (bag) lady screaming in the restaurant. Gotta love New Orleans.The interior itself is impeccable; lovely environment to chill and hang out with people. HOWEVER, the FOOD is TERRIBLE. My company had a lunch over there today and pfff we all had a same opinion that we would not come back here again. To start with, we had Fresh Roll and Dumpling, which were the only good dishes we had for lunch. For the main dishes, we had Dancing Shrimp, Pot Thai, Curry Noodles, and Drunken Noodle.  Every single main dishes we ordered, It was so goddamn salty that we had to order steamed rice as a side. The portion is ridiculous, especially the salad. I never had a 10 dollar salad that is a size of a side garden salad pff. On top of that, how can a bowl of salad be so so so salty? Even other dishes were not as salty as salad. The waiter even brought a wrong menu but we did not bother to argue and oh, he forgot one dish so that took another 10 minutes. Overall, not a place to go again AT ALLLove this place so much. One of our go to spots for good service and great food. Extensive menu including a vegan section with so many delicious options. Not only is the food great, the prices are super reasonable. The atmosphere is good for a date or for larger parties.Warning: This review is going to be all over the place!
So many great things about this place and so many bad things too. So I will just sort them for you.
PROS:
* Nice atmosphere
* We were seated immediately
*The veggie rolls appetizers are amazing! And yes I ate the pineapple bed. This seems very important to the wait staff. I'm not sure what would happen if you refused to eat the pineapple but I don't think it's worth the risk.
*The Tom Yum Soup is also fantastic. And I am convinced it is a cure for the common cold, sinus infections, the flu and certain types of bone cancer. 
* The Kaffir Lime Curry was perfect! Couldn't stop eating the stuff even though I was full half way through. 
CONS:
* The decor is very slick (not really a plus in my opinion, but well done.) Very L.A. looking. I love L.A. but when in New Orleans I want to feel like I'm in New Orleans....not L.A.
* The artwork was obviously an impromptu creation by Christopher Lowell.
* The service lives up to it's reputation....BAD. I think we had about 6 different waiters and none of them seemed to have a clue as to what was going on. I had to go find our waitress to get our check. They were friendly enough once you got them over to your table though.  
* The Panang Duck Curry was horribly too sweet! Although my date liked it. I have never understood why some people want their entree to taste like a dessert. 
* The Black Rice Pudding is disgusting! Ever drank corn syrup directly from the bottle? Well, imagine that x 10 and that's how sweet this stuff is. It made my back hurt. It has the texture of mucus and the color isn't anymore appetizing. I'm told that at one time it really was rice, but all I got was this gray slime. Oh, and it should be called Gray Rice Pudding by the way. No wait. I take that back. It was actually more of a taupe. Taupe Rice Pudding it is!
* Prices are ridiculous for what you get. You will pay 5 star prices but this ain't no 5 star restaurant.I visit regularly, and the food is always exceptional. The scaled spice options are a huge plus for any type of diner. Service is always great, but timing is often poor. Kitchen or servers need to work on pacing meals. Side note: perfect venue for single diners. Tables are quaint & cozy.Since my last visit, I have returned and therefore want to update my review. The service was really good and the food was great (as usual). I also felt like the portions were much better! I also know that the owner takes pride in the restaurant and takes feedback and makes appropriate changes!I have been coming to this Sukoh Thai location for about 2-3 years.  Today something amazing happened.  Instead of putting diced carrot an peas in my panang curry, they put sliced zucchini and bell pepper.  It was so much better.  I have wondered what the hell was going on with this peas and carrots thing for a LONG TIME.  
There were a couple other things I noticed... for example, the plating of the dish was beautiful, I didn't have to ask for chop sticks, and I really like the mint they gave with the check.
One thing that could use improvement, the entrees consistently come out too close to the appetizer/soup course.I've been here a few times, and the food is pretty good. The last time I was there, I for the seafood curry. The carry sauce was really good. It has excellent flavor. That makes it 4 starts, but the seafood was over cooked, so 3 stars. Service gives them a solid 4 stars. The waiter has always been helpful. Albeit slow sometimes. 
What makes this place memorable is that during my last visit, I ordered a drink, and I not 100% sure what it was, so I wanted to be adventurous. I can't remember what it was, but it's not my type of drink. There was nothing wrong with it. The waiter noticed that it sat mostly full. He asked if there was something wrong with it. I told him that it wasn't my type of drink, even though there was nothing wrong with it. He took it off my bill, and I didn't even have to ask. 
With this kind gesture, i am sure to come back again.Hit or a miss with food and service. Uggh i actually removed my last bad review because the owner reached out to me. Went there recently again and just dissappointed.Authentic Thai restaurant located in the Uptown neighborhood on Magazine Street. Came here for lunch and loved the food and atmosphere here! Very large restaurant, great place for large or small groups. Beautiful inside. Nicely decorated. There is also a nice bar area. Friendly wait staff. Large diverse menu. Thai specialities, curry dishes, wok, and extensive vegetarian options. I was impressed that you can choose the level of how spicy you want your dish served. The waiter will give you that option when you order. We started out with a chicken satay appetizer which came with a peanut dipping sauce and a cucumber onion salad. Four skewers of chicken. Delicious! Tender chicken with a coconut Thai flavor but not to sweet. Great for sharing. The cumber salad was my favorite. Nice blend of sweet and rice vinegar. We had the cashew chicken and duck entrees. Both were excellent. Large portions for both, light Thai sauce with basil and crisp vegetables- onions, peppers, carrots, broccoli. The duck was a winner. So tender and crisp. Cashew chicken was a great choice as well. Thin chicken breast pieces with cashews, veggies and amazing sauce. Came with jasmine rice as well. I will be back as there are so many other items to try!I always have good service here. The food is great, $5 drinks if you go during happy hour! I've gone and enjoyed their lunch specials as well! The food there is honestly great no matter what you order off the menu.Delicious food. Service was a bit out of it, but my thai green curry was very yummy and spicy.new location.   some changes tho in menu.   I ordered drunken noodle and got drunken SKINNY noodles not thick     
I got order to go and it seemed small for the price.
still good, but def things have changed a bitPanang Duck Curry is perfection!!! I will be back for more!! The service was wonderful and the atmosphere was chill.Awesome new location on Elysian Fields. Great decor and live music with a back patio.Having a great night at SukhoThai with my great friends. We met our waiter, Dee Dee, and he is one of the best waiters we've had: funny and really friendly. I ordered Pineapple Seafood Curry and it's really good! My friends enjoyed their dishes, too. Probably one of the places that we would recommend in New Orleans if you are into some Thai food.Somehow I can't go more than five days without eating Asian food otherwise my gut starts revolting. So after being in NOLA for nearly a week I couldn't have anymore delicious oysters or grits or fried anything anymore. So we hiked a bit to marigny which was a cool neighborhood and went to the closest thai place that was open. I think many place in NOLA are like this - kinda looks rundown from the outside but really spacious and beautiful on the inside. It was a welcome relief to my stomach to eat the food. Had tomyum with fish spice level 3 which was gooood. Prolly coulda gone level 4. Had the holy basil with chicken which was good with lotsa crunchy veggies at spice level 2- prolly coulda gone 3 but our server brought us their spice rack which had four awesome spices and hot sauces. Used up most of their sambal olek. Got their drunk enough noodles with beef which was way too sweet for my taste. Our server was really attentive. I didn't see any thai people but that's cool. The food hit the spot. At least enough til I got home and ate a bunch of kimchi.The Sukho Sampler was great. Rad na noodles, larb gai and Shrimp with Kaffir Lime leaves spectacular. Service with Colin whom proved to be as nice as he is beautiful! Must try!!I had the Pad Thai and it was amazing! Came back again a day later because I wanted more before we left the city. Love the vibes inside. Friendly staff.My partner and I visited today for lunch.  It was an easy walk from French Quarter.  Great atmosphere and very friendly staff.  The food was excellent and our server, Cat, was the best!  We highly recommend this place.This is a solid addition to the neighborhood. It is obvious that a lot of care went into the creation of this restaurant. I ordered a Thai Basil stir fry with brown rice and extra veggies and it did not disappoint. The decor is beautiful and very tastefully done. The staff is friendly. I was there on a busy night and the kitchen was a bit backed up slowing down my order. The food came out hot and The wait didn't bother me though. Oh and they were playing some good unpredictable music selections.Great place! Clean and nice environment! Great service! And very quick service. The food was great. We had the appetizer sampler. Only downfall is that there wasn't more for the price on the appetizer dish! It was so good! I got the chicken pad Thai which was awesome but I'll probably try to veggie pad Thai next time since the chicken was a bit dry. My family loved their dishes and can't wait to go back!This would be a good date place.  It is a little too expensive for me to eat here regularly.  I love that they have a section for vegans - it makes it easier for the wait staff and me.  I've been twice and I wouldn't say it is very authentic Thai-American food, but it is good.Excellent Thai food with many vegan options. Even my pickiest eater loved this place. Dined in for my daughter's 21st birthday and the staff went out of their way to make it a memorable experience. Since then, we've gotten takeout a few times and have never been disappointed. Favorite dishes were vegan dirty noodles, vegan yellow curry, and vegan pad Thai.The actual bomb. Friendly staff, speedy service, and banging food. It's a nice breather from the hustle of Frenchmen. Great atmosphere. #sukhoforthewinAlways great!! Beef boat noodle soup is the bomb! My daughter in SF is always sad when I send her a pic.Love this place. Authentic flavors, fresh good and good service. The drinks are tasty and the restaurant is very well run.We waited quite a long time to be acknowledged by our server and the food was very slow coming out. We were pretty frustrated and almost walked out. When food finally arrived, it was just ok.I ordered Chicken pad Thai. It's way too salty and a bit sour flavor which wasn't what I expected.We ordered takeout. My husband came home with someone else's order. I called immediately. They told him to come back and to bring back the the other food. Yuck. My husband wasted over an hour going back and forth. And barely an apology for his troubles. Bad customer service. The food however is good.Looking for a hot meal suitable for myself (a vegan) and my friend who is gluten free and dairy free we lucked out finding this gem of a restaurant! 
The staff were so friendly and knowledgable on the vegan options, which are clearly shown on the menu. I have been 'once bitten twice shy' of Thai restaurants saying a dish is vegan and later finding out they have fish sauce or shrimp paste in the curry base so this was relieving to see it in black and white and there were still plenty of options. 
I had the most delicious noodle dish and my friend had a curry which actually wasn't as hot as she had expected (they have a heat rating system) so they brought her extra chilli to make it hotter. 
The only criticism would be the pudding; I ordered the mango sticky rice and it was very nicely presented but done slightly differently to how they do it in Thailand or in other Thai restaurants I've been to. Personally I prefer the more syrupy dressing rather than the one I had there which was more like just a coconut cream, and I also thought the portion of the dessert was quite small for the price, compared to the other apps and entrees which were generous sized.I'm a local so I love the new location. Its much easier to park. The food is very good, but expect some twist from  trad Thai food. The place is oh so chic and the service is excellent.
This is the place I recommend to tourist when the have had their fill of po boys etc. , and where we often dine before we walk over to Frenchmen Street.  The pricees are mod, but not high.. 
The only down sides  its closed mid-day, so check the schedule before you go.Great food. Good ambiance. Service was fantastic. Curries weren't watered down as most places. Each dish had a different flavor to it and it definitely lived up to the hype. Good spot near Frenchman street to grab food right before going off to the night ... Make sure not to order a lot portions are really big.Yum!! SukhoThai has a lovely atmosphere, fabulous cocktails, and tasty Thai. We noshed on papaya salad, pad kee mao, dumplings and the tiger beef. Everything was fresh and well seasoned. They have lots of vegan and vegetarian options too. Our waitress was lovely and helpful... she even suggested a trip to the Hong Kong market. If you're looking for a low-key meal, that's high in flavor we recommend a trip to SukhoThai.Recommended to me by a local. Great food and service. Had the lime curry. Unique combination of tang and spice. Outstanding flavors. Will definitely come back next time I'm in town.The food was really good. Lots of vegetarian and vegan options. The service was a little slow but they were very busy otherwise a great place.It's difficult for my boyfriend and me to eat anywhere else because we love SukhoThai so much! We've tried most of the curries and have enjoyed them all. I've got a soft spot for their Sweet sausage fried rice. Seriously tasty. Tbh, the service there can sometimes be slow but we mainly order take-out or sit at the bar. Now, this is my favorite part....they have fresh coconuts in the back for ordering fresh coconut water!!! It doesn't get any better than that, folks. Recipe for making your crappy day better : Large order of red curry, Chinese broccoli, and Netflix.  Pat yourself on the back for doing it right.Great Thai food. Nice restaurant and ambiance. I usually get take out, which is very quick and tasty. Staff is always very friendly and I like that you can chose you spice level from 1-5.Headed to this place as l was looking for a place to eat after visiting Frenchman street around 9. This was one of the few places that I could find a place to eat in peace. The food was OK (I lived in Thailand for 6 months so might be biased) but the seafood noodles that I had was very generous with scallops. I had asked for "Thai hot" which I found had a bit of a kick so maybe go half way on spiciness level first.Most flavorful Pad Thai I have had till date.  Loved the 5$ specials on Sunday drinks. Thai breeze was refreshing. We wrapped with a chocolate lava cake. Great service and yummy food. Must visit.Finally found a great Thai place. We have tried several others but will always order from here when we want great Thai food.Visiting New Orleans and saw this spot as we driving by...we love thai and decided to try it, & it did not disappoint! Ordered from the lunch menu the peppery chicken & it was delicious!!Got pad Thai takeout and am regretting not getting it spicier. Mild is very mild! But amazing flavor! Can't wait to come back.My wife and I tried out this restaurant at the eve of our wedding anniversary yesterday and was very impressed with the casual yet intimate ambiance, the authentic and tasty cuisine and very prompt and friendly service! We are no novices to Thai cuisine and found the cooking in the same class as among the best in Los Angeles, NYC and D.C.! Definitely a must if you are looking for ethnic thai cooking!After leaving a friend's performance - I was looking for some take out for dinner.  The staff at SukhoThai on Royal were friendly and invited me to sit at the bar while I made my order.  The restaurant is really pretty inside - gorgeous stencils and paper parasols decorate the ceiling.  It's elegant and intimate with nice lighting. My order came out pretty quickly - I would not have had time to drink a beer at the bar -- and the food was awesome.  I had asked for Thai hot and it wasn't even really spicy.  The lemongrass tofu and the black pepper tofu were both really delicious - though similar to each other in flavor profile.  The lemongrass tofu was tasty but not much flavor of lemongrass.  I was definitely inspired to repeat my visit and recommend this restaurant to others as vegan friendly.  Also be sure to take a walk outside around back to enjoy the frog chorus at the water garden store.Really good Thai food. Nice variety. Great place to go for lunch for the prices and the quick service. I only like the one off Royal st though. The one on magazine doesn't leave all the juices on the plate and when I asked to add an item to my plate they only added like two pieces.Their food has got flavors! I am coming here again. We ordered vegan pad Thai and vegan dirty noodles, both the dishes had their own distinct flavors..A total thumbs up and yeah the Thai iced tea is must try here.My friend and I came here on a Sunday evening and were pleasantly surprised to find out that the Sunday drink special was $5 signature cocktails! I ordered the Thai Basil Orange Martini (Thai basil infused vodka, orange juice, guava nectar) which was perfect and not too sweet. My friend ordered the Celadon Mojito (silver rum, young coconut juice, fresh mint, lemongrass syrup, soda) which was also delicious. 
For dinner, I ordered the Vegan Eggplant Lover (Wok-fried Asian eggplant, green onion, bell pepper, and sweet basil in a fresh chili-garlic and fermented soybean sauce) which was simply amazing. 
SukhoThai had a great selection of dishes for all diets, so I definitely recommend making the short walk to the restaurant if you're in the French Quarter area.It was underwhelming. 
Bad service, mediocre Thai food in a not so thai setting.
They have good daily specials - beer, sake ...We are vegan and have been loving Suho since it was located on Royal off Frenchman. Have loved everything on vegan menu and still do EXCEPT that portions were cut so much that we were little hungry when we left last night. Usually we bring home food.]Wow. The old location of Sukho Thai in the Marigny had gone downhill but the new location is definitely an upgrade above and beyond anything achieved by the old location. I had lunch there the Saturday after Thanksgiving. The food and service was excellent.
When I get Thai, I am fond of drunken noodles with shrimp. I have had good drunken noodles with shrimp at two other Thai restaurants in the city. The noodles I had at Sukho Thai were amazing. I was surprised, actually. I guess it is a trend of better to best with me (see my review of Hong Kong Market, where I had the best banh mi and I've had good banh mi in this city).  
The mussels appetizer was really good as well. Definitely pour that little pitcher of sauce over them. 
The location is beautiful. It was a really pretty day and they had these big, floor-to-ceiling, door/window things open. It was a very pleasurable experience and I hope to eat at the new location again!The drink selection is amazing!  Interesting cocktails, good wine and sake selection, a loose leaf tea menu!   I had the Sake-tini, Tom Kha Gaa, Vegan Pad Thai, green baton tea, and black rice pudding.  Everything was really good.   The tea was excellent (I took the leaves home to steep another pot, too).  The service was a little slow, but they were very busy.   The staff was attentive and accommodating, all very pleasant.   I will definitely go back when in NOLA.  Also, you get 10% off with a check in.Mmmm I'm still dreaming of the food from SukhoThai. Great, authentic food, and very vegetarian/vegan friendly, which is hard to find for Thai food! 
I especially loved their Sunday drink special - $5 for a signature cocktail. My friend enjoyed their Thai Basil Orange Martini and I loooved their Celadon Mojito (silver rum, young coconut juice, fresh mint, lemongrass syrup, soda). It was so refreshing and perfect for lightweights like me.
I got the Waterfall Beef (seared flank steak with onion, lime juice, roasted rice powder, and basil, served with mixed greens) which is one of my favorite Thai dishes. It was delicious! My friend ordered the Vegan Eggplant Lover which was also amazing.Came here with a friend the other day and started with the Tom Kha soup with chicken. They let you choose your level of spiciness and I typically love very spicy meals, but decided to just get it medium since the soup was already hot temperature wise and I was sharing it with my friend. When the soup came out we were both surprised how spicy it was for the just the medium level. Overall the soup was very yummy. The chicken was a tiny bit dry, but not too bad.
For dinner we ordered the red curry with beef to share. Since the soup was spicy with just the medium heat level we decided to do the medium for our meal as well. The meal ended up lacking both spice and seasoning when we got it. The medium heat temperature was a lot less spicy for the meal than it was for the soup and we had to ask for hot chilies to add. It also tasted kind of bland so we ended up adding some salt and that made all the difference.  I never add salt to a meal and am usually seeking out lower sodium items so the fact that even I needed to add salt says a lot. Once the chilies and salt were added to our meal it actually ended up being pretty good.We were looking for an alternative to all the tasty beignets and fried chicken we were enjoying on our trip, so we went to SukhoThai. Perfect! Service was great, and we thoroughly enjoyed the spring rolls, Thai pineapple fried rice, and ginger tofu. Portions were good sized, so we had leftovers for dinner the next night!The food was so good here we stopped in twice. Wow,  spot on, right heat, great meals.  Love this place, yes!!Some of the best Thai we have tried in the city. We lived in the Marigny for about a month and ate there at least once a week - either in the restaurant or to go. They have a scale of 1-5 for spiciness, which makes it easy to accommodate all ranges of spice tolerance. This is the new location (recently moved here from closer to Frenchman Street) has a great ambiance with good (but not great) service. The red curry is excellent, as well as the peppery garlic wok (order with shrimp) and the cashew chicken. The smokin' salmon was just okay - a bit overcooked. We also ordered the lime steamed whole fish - if you order at a hotness level of 4 it is very spicy - and be careful of the red chilies! Also, Sukho Thai is a bit pricey, but we usually would take about half of our meal home as leftovers, so you get a lot of food for your money.WOW! I'm impressed! Great Thai cuisine! Nice setting, not too loud, and very spacious. 
I had the Dirty Noodles with chicken and it was really good. I asked for mild temp for the level of spiciness. Be careful about the spiciness. The noodles were wide and had broccoli mixed in with some type of sauce. The meal was excellent. Did not disappoint. 
Neil was awesome! Very pleasant and attentive! Shout out to the cook too for making this the most awesomest meal I've had in New Orleans so far! 
Get the mixed drink One Night in Bangkok! Oh my! Strong vodka content! You can bring in your own bottle of wine, but there is a $10 charge.This place is so good! Everybody has their own opions and bad nights. The best times to visit , is NOT during peak times or festivals. To enjoy the atmosphere and food. It is a small, quaint place. Hard to handle large rushes.  Just go and see for yourself. We have been dining with them since before they moved to this location, and have Never had a bad experience.  The wait staff are very attentive and helpful.  
Now on to the good stuff! We always get beef drunken noodles (shrimp wasn't our favorite). And crying tiger flank steak, with steamed veggies and white rice. . Ordered rare, as it's flank and might get tough cooked too done. It's always cooked perfect and delicious!! Comes with a dipping sauce...mmmm good! 
Now BE AWARE! You order your preferred spice heat level. The first time we went in. Ordered the Thai HOT....don't do it! We love hot food!! But this spice level is insane! So we compromise, And get medium,  with Thai hot on the side. Also the Tuna appetizer is very good too! Enjoy!
Happy Hour and daily specials as wel!I was in New Orleans on a spontaneous trip and ran into Sukho Thai. It was 3pm and didn't reopen until 5pm. I decided to come back. I'm am so glad that I did. The food here is spectacular! I ordered a Thai orange basil martini, grilled beef salad mild and red curry mild. The drink was perfection! The acidity with the herbal dances in my mouth. The grilled beef was perfect and their sauce phenomenal. The red curry was creamy and had tons of bamboo shoots and flavor! I loved it so much I came back a second time!
On my second visit I ordered a regular iced tea, the grilled beef salad mild medium, shrimp pouches and their chicken pad Thai. Again, all flavors bursted in my mouth. One of the best Thai foods I've ever had. All their ingredients are so fresh! Their happy hour drink specials are awesome too!Came for lunch. The chicken Pad Thai was excellent. Would definitely recommend coming here.Really really great Thai and very great staff. 
Our waiter was nice, made great eye contact, and made me want to come back! He checked on the table often, but not so much that we felt interrupted. Our glasses were constantly refilled (we got our food cooked to level five so we were drinking lots of water), and we didn't have to ask or wait. We ordered appetizers, and the table was cleared to make room for the main dishes. 
Drunken fried rice--dare is say it--is better than drunken noodles!! At five spicy level, the food had a mouthful of flavor and was just perfect! I didn't add a thing. 
The drunken noodles--my go-to--did not disappoint. I tried duck as my protein for the first time and it was really good! I highly recommend it, at a level five, of course!
We came right after lunch on a Saturday, so the place wasn't busy. Grab the ginger mint candy on your way out! I wish I had grabbed two...Nice place and easy to find, tasty food especially "Thai Hot Yum Nuea" ,and excellent services. If you miss Thai food when you visit New Orleans, go to this place. Highly recommend! :)
Please check-in with Yelp to get 10% off!!!Wonderful restaurant 
Decor location service and great food 
We ate Vegan and it was delicious 
Good timely service and food 
Would certainly recommend and go thereWe love this restaurant! The food is delicious and the drinks are fun too. Go for the happy hour, you won't be disappointed in the prices. (Tip: Try the sake martini)
I loved the dirty noodles (with a good amo seafood) and can't wait to go back and order them again.  The shrimp purses appetizer was very good as well. Another visit we had the duck drunken noodles. You really can't go wrong with anything on this menu. 
Also the service is quick and friendly.The only decent Thai in town. The spice level ranking is on point and I won't go anywhere else.Food is always great at this location.  I usually go for the drunken noodles, but branched out and got the crispy pork belly with Chinese broccoli.  Overall, it was great.  The pork belly was crispy, lots of broccoli, spinach and peppers, delicious sauce.  My friend got the three flavor fish.  It was a beautiful fried whole snapper, with tons of veggies and a delicious sauce.  We got the ahi tuna appetizer and were underwhelmed.  It was  very pretty, but very bland and served with what amounted to sriracha mayo and mustard.  
The reason I can't give this place five stars was service.  Our server, Kat, started out ok.  But when asked her opinion, she said she couldn't give a good answer because she doesn't eat meat or fish.  As my friend and I are both in the industry, this is a huge pet peeve.  I don't care if you are a vegetarian, lie or tell me what is popular!  Sell me something!  Next, my friend had to ask for a paper napkin to soak up the sweat from his glass, as a huge puddle formed in the middle of our table.  Then, to finish, she left all the dirty dishes on the table when she dropped the check.  Not one single thing was prebussed.  Even after we signed our slips, she never took a plate off the table.  We were one of three tables in the dining room.  Imagine what the next table saw as they walked in!Sukho Thai on Esplanade and Royal was a nice surprise. Locale is convenient to park and close to Frenchman. The staff were intelligent and helpful, especially with figuring out the restaurant.com certificate on the phone app, so they got a nice tip. On to the food. Spring rolls with peanut sauce were ok, but the peppery garlic shrimp with vegetables were spot on with spice! My wife had heavenly beef, which was just that. Excellent experience.I used to frequent the orignal Sukho Thai all the dang time when I lived in New Orleans.  I adore Thai food (it's a close second for me, after Indian) and decent Thai food wasn't exactly plentiful back in the NOLA heyday.  But man oh man . . . SukhoThai and its vegan menu - SO CLUTCH!
There happened to be martini specials on this festive Friday, so of course I HAD to indulge . . . when in New Orleans, yanno?!  Let me tell you, those martinis, they were hella stiff, but without compromising their deliciousness.  I may or may not have consumed three on accident somehow . . . 
Service was pretty darn attentive and prompt as the establishment was mostly empty on this particular Friday.  But what is this?  An entire vegan menu?!  Color me pleasantly surprised!  I conferred with the server to determine the best vegan course of action, as I'm often wary of fish sauce and oyster sauce all up in my "vegetarian" dishes in Thai restaurants.  Suddenly having numerous options was indeed awesome, but this gal was overwhelmed.  I ultimately decided on the Pad Thai because I can barely remember the last time I had consumed a vegan Pad Thai, aside from the frozen Amy's variety (which isn't half bad when that's all you can have!). 
Our entrees arrived fairly promptly and the Pad Thai was quite delicious and also relieving to consume it without the "is that fish sauce I taste?!" paranoia.  I've never purposefully had authentic Pad Thai (this lil vegan has been lied to once or a dozen times by other Thai restaurants) but the sweet, savory, and sour melding of flavors seemed goshdarn near perfection.  Hell, it was even quite delicious and did not disintegrate into a gummy mess the next day I heated it for leftovers.
Basically, I am loving the new Sukho Thai and relieved it's even better than I remember.  Will definitely be making a point to dine here during my next NOLA excursion.I am new to Thai cuisine, so i was a bit unsure of what to expect when a friend suggested going to Sukho Thai. I can tell you the experience was outstanding ! I had the Ahi Tuna appetizer, which has a light flavorful crust on the edges with a yellow curry dipping sauce and small chunks of mango. For the main course i tried the Pineapple Seafood Curry. It was simply amazing. Fresh shrimp and mussels along with pineapple, sweet basil, zucchini , red and green peppers , broccoli ,all in a delicious red curry that was deliciously creamy with coconut milk hints. I tried the 3 level spice, which had some heat but it was a flavorable heat, spicy but not where it overpowered the freshness of the ingredients.
Well this is the start of a fun food adventure now that i have tried Thai Curry and i will definitely not stray from Sukho Thai when its time to try new dishes as well. Great job Sukho Thai ! You've made a fan out of me !!Visited from Birmingham memorial day weekend. I love thai food so I yelped and figured we'd try this place...I got the curry noodle dish...overwhelming flavorful, loved this place. The food was beyond delicious. Def will be back next time I'm in NO.I love this place! The food is delicious and the staff attentive...it will do your body good.Food was amazing! I got the basil scallops. The scallops were perfectly cooked, green beans a little over cooked. Our server was awkward. Will definitely go back!Haven't been to Nola in 5 years.    I specifically looked up this place and it didn't disappoint.   Suddenly there was a party in my mouth..... Just like I remembered!Food, service, atmosphere,  is all great. Portion size is good also. Lots of vegan options, which is what we always order.
Love the Titos martini special.Awesome food and awesome ambiance. Service was great and friendly! First time in NOLA and this was the first restaurant we went to. And who said Nola isn't vegetarian friendly?!?!My partner and I had dinner at the Royal Street restaurant this past Saturday.  I had eaten there twice before when it was over near Frenchmen St.  
The atmosphere was good - "a clean, well-lighted place". 
For appetizers, we ordered Tom Kha soup and Fresh Rolls.  Dinner was Drunken Noodles with Chicken and Drunken Rice with beef.  The food was excellent!  Quality ingredients and great flavor - I would give it a 4.5 stars.  
The bad part of the meal was the service - it sucked.
We were seated right away and were given waters, but it took almost 10 minutes for the waiter to come by after serving water.  I had ordered a martini (was excellent) and it took almost 10 minutes to be delivered - and the place was maybe 20% full.   I had to ask the maitre' d if I could order a second one.  She found our waiter and he took care of it, but come on, check on the table occasionally.  
I probably will return, because you cannot beat the food and drinks....they just need to work on the service.
Good luck.Love the new location it's beautiful space, same great food, service is really great.  And now they have a BAR! 1/2 price wines on Wednesdays.Wonderful Thai food; I'll remember this place for when I inevitably relocate to New Orleans. The ambiance is beautiful and relaxing and the service is attentive.
My friend told me they do good noodles, and boy was she right! I ordered the "dirty noodles" with tofu (aka pad see ew) and an appetizer called Mieng kham. The latter, four green leaves each filled with coconut, cashews, onion, ginger sauce, etc., I'd seen pictured on their Yelp page, but couldn't find on the menu, and the server was kind enough to request it for me.
The pad see ew came in a respectable portion along with a serving spoon, presumably for family style dining. The flavors were spot on, there was plenty of crispy tofu, and the veggies--broccoli, carrots and something leafy--were all cooked well. I must confess, however, that upon tasting my companion's drunken noodles, I slightly preferred them to mine.
Next time I'll skip the app. The Mieng kham was unique and interesting, and I'm a sucker for anything that resembles a lettuce wrap, but it cost $10 and for that, there just wasn't enough to it.
Overall, an excellent place in a gorgeous location. I'm sure I'll be returning at some point.Chill and very relaxing place to have lunch and dinner. Every time I come we order the sweet sausage fried rice and veggie egg rolls .. it's really goodThis place is wonderful. Some of the best Thai food in New Orleans. I always visit when I'm there. I like both the FQ location and Uptown locations. My favorite is the spicy eggplant with chicken.I love Thai food but I haven't really explored the Thai food scene in New Orleans (would love suggestions, Yelp!) I went with a friend who is Vegan to SukkoThai and was really impressed. 
The space is hip and fun, but pretty casual. The service was friendly, helpful, and fast. Our waiter was really attentive in pointing out their different spice options. 
We are both boring and wanted Pad Thai but it was great - big portions, fresh vegetables, perfect amount of spice. They have an extensive menu including vegan and gluten free options - and not just a few options marked GF or vegan, an entirely separate menu! 
They also have a full bar menu including bar specials. 
Better yet - there was a check-in deal on yelp for 10% off your meal when you check in! 
Solid Thai place with solid service and delicious food -what's not to like?We are lovers of spicy  authentic Thai Cusine and Suko Thai has the solid reputation for consistently  serving the best Thai food in New Orleans.
I was lucky to be introduced to Thai cusine in the early 80's in Seattle.  A small restaurant serving the Thai community instilled in my pallette a fondness for the various flavors and textures inherent in this ethnic style.
We decided to check out this new location on fathers day.  Usually we avoid new restaurants till they have worked the kinks out but since we knew this staff from the other spot we planned our meal with little concern.
The food and staff were equally superb.  It is not easy to compete in New Orleans.  Suko Thai has a solid reputation. 
Every dish from the appetizers to the desert was expertly crafted.  Our whole party had a great time.  We will be back soonThis is my first time at this location. The flavor and spice here are perfect! Angie was our waiter, she was attentive by regularly filling our waters, and she was nice. She also had no problem taking the 10% off for our first visit. I really wish I could do 4.5 stars, the only reason I have it as 4, is because we are Thai snobs. It's high on the list, number 1 in town, but not our number 1 overall. Big pro: this location (vs the Magazine location) doesn't charge for extra sauce, whereas the other charged us $1 for extra sauce on the drunken noodles.Great Thai!  Love the Drunken Noodles!  Now with a full up bar!  Perfect!  Highly recommend the crab dumplings.  Also love the shrimp Tom Yum! And you can order how hot you want almost everything.  Thai Hot is not for the meek!Don't let the three stars fool you.  You will find good food at this place, and I love that they have so many vegan options.  That's pretty rare to find anywhere, let alone New Orleans.  I am rating them down because referring to this as a "Thai" restaurant is somewhat of a misnomer.  It's more like "Thai Influenced Asian Fusion," which isn't bad, but definitely more accurate.  
Part of my disappointment with this restaurant may be me, too, because I just don't think of myself as looking as old and decrepit as I must look when I order the spiciest level of food on their menu, and I'm brought food that's about as spicy as a grilled cheese sandwich with the caveat, "If it's not hot enough for you, let us know."  To me, that's like going to buy a sports car, and having the salesmen show me a four-door sedan.  It's like going to buy running shoes, and being offered orthopedic loafers.  It's like going to buy a condo on the Riviera, and being shown a crypt at the morgue.  OK, I get it.  They think I look too old to know what I like, too old to handle spicy, and too old to eat their cooking without hurting myself.  Hey, I saw the different levels of heat on the menu, and I saw their warning about not taking back any dish that is "too hot," but, after what I've experienced here, I don't think I have to worry about too much heat.  Either that, or this is a "Spicy Food Speakeasy" where I can only get real, spicy food if I know the secret password, and knock on the hidden doors in the basement, see?
It amazes me that I can go to Asheville, NC high up in the Blue Ridge Mountains, and get Jamaican food loaded with Habaneros, and the fire I like, but I can't go to New Orleans, a port city, and get Thai food with any discernible thai chiles, or heat much beyond a toasted cheese sandwich.  Yeah, I could have sent my food back for more heat, but doesn't it make sense just to serve it the way I ordered it?  I have difficulty enough allowing some stranger in a strange, unknown kitchen prepare my food without playing some sort of back and forth Kitchen Tennis with me providing the character of Goldilocks - "This soup is too cold..."  
Anyway, all joking aside, and all insults forgiven, the place serves some pretty good food, just don't expect it to be too spicy unless you beg for it, especially if you look too old to possible enjoy spicy food.  
I really did love the freshness, the overall flavor, and the variety of the foods offered.  I like that they offer brown rice, an entire page of vegan options, and the new space is a big improvement over the old, smaller place a few blocks away.  Just know that their hours are a little different.  They open at 11:30 in the morning, and close at 2:30.  Then, they open up again at 5:30 for dinner until 10:00 p.m.  I'm OK with that as I hope it helps them keep their restaurant and kitchen cleaner.  It really is good food, but don't come here expecting Hot Thai.  You'll only be disappointed. Check them out here:
http://sukhothai-nola.com/Delicious food, generous portion size and reasonable price. A great variety of vegetarian/ vegan dishes! Tea selection is very good too! If I lived in New Orleans, I would definitely be a regular!I already loved Sukho Thai at the former location, and the new one is even better.
Not only the food is delicious, but the cocktails are too ! 
We had curry puffs (divine !) and eggplants as appetizers, then shrimp pad thai and green curry chicken. It was perfect and we enjoyed the left over the next day :)We love the new location! The service and the food was excellent and the new location is so nice. It has a real peaceful feel to it.
We had the Thai fried rice and the pad Thai. Huge servings. We both brought food home and enjoyed it late night! We also tried the shrimp in a pouch and it was pretty good. Next time we will try different entrees- the menu had a lot of things I'm ready to try. 
It was $5 signature cocktail night but we had drank the night before so we didn't try any but will  be back on a Sunday to try s few of them!Pretty good Thai food in the marigny! I had a groupon to here otherwise I probably wouldn't have tried it, since the food is a little pricy. My boyfriend and I shared the shrimp pineapple curry and the red curry. Both curries were flavorful and good sized portions. However, the prices were a little steep for what we got. The restaurant itself is cute and the wait staff was friendly and attentive. I don't know if I would choose to go back because of the high prices but if they had another groupon, I would definitely buy it!
Food -- 4 stars
Price -- 3 stars
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 4 starsSince returning from SE Asia, I've had an undying urge for more Vietnamese and Thai food. In fact, my body is still in culinary shock after almost a month of being back. So in my quest of bookmarking every well-reviewed Asian joint in and around town, I finally make it to the place I've heard so much about. 
I've eaten here three times already in the 3  1/2 weeks I've been back. I first dined at the uptown location and then two take-outs from the Royal street restaurant. The atmosphere in the Magazine location is my kind of space. Inconspicuous from the outside but once you walk in, it really (literally) opens up. A warehouse vibe with skylights above a comfy decor of furniture and a bar catered towards a popping, Friday happy hour crowd. 
Service was good (uptown) but the food was great! At the behest of my friend, I ordered the beef pad Thai at a level 3. The heat you can add to the dish ranges from 1-5. I was told a 5 was just unbearable and a 4 would still knock your socks off, so I chose a happy medium and it was mouth-watering delicious. I believe my friend was doing a good bit of talking but when I tell you I did not come up for air until I was done; it was pretty dang good!
If you go with it, don't forget to squeeze that lime all over as it activates the heat in the dish. Trust me, it's a winner. I also had the chicken pad Thai the other day and, again, magnificent. 
Prices aren't too high but after coming from Vietnam and Thailand, the prices in the states are easily 10x's as much but what are you gonna do?
Try em, it's worth the "splurge"If you would like something filling and will hit your sweet and salty palette get the sweet sausage and fried rice. Usually will get a portion that is worth the price but this previous outing was smaller. The severs are always nice and the vibe of the restaurant is cool, calm, sexy, and empowering! You know the food is good when the establishment is only open during particular times.We stopped in for a quick dinner. The restaurant is clean, the staff are courteous  and the food is good.Honestly expected more, but I was not very impressed at all. My friends and I came about two hours before closing and the restaurant was neither packed nor empty. We were waiting to be seated and we were pretty promptly. We waited for a few minutes and our waitress showed up with 3 glasses of water and asked what we wanted to drink. We all got Thai tea and I really enjoyed it. It had a very strong Thai Tea flavor without being too sweet. Waitress asked if we had any questions and we just needed a few minutes to look over the menu. My friend got the Pad Thai (mild), I got the drunken noodles (mild/medium) and the other got some soup based noodles which was off putting since the menu described it nowhere near a soup. We waited and our food came pretty quick. My friend's Pad Thai was pretty standard. Nothing too special. My friends soup, he got the hottest level as the level of heat ranges from mild, mild medium, medium, hot and thai hot. Thai hot is hottest and he said that it wasn't as hot as he expected. I tried and that would be a standard heat for me. I was told the medium was hot and noticeable, but not enough to make me cry so I thought it was gonna be hot and went down. Well, my noodles were terrible. Worst drunken noodles ever. No spice whatsoever and it was so salty it was unbearable. I had my friends try it to make sure I wasn't only tasting it as salty. It was too much sauce too. I barely ate any. Our server didn't check on us much, came by once and asked if everything was okay and it was more a comment than a question. I was asked if I wanted my food packed to go at the end as I barely ate it and mentioned it was salty. I wasn't given any offer or any solution to make it better. I paid full price for something I didn't really eat and it tasted terrible. So the food here did not wow us. I'm giving the stars to the Thai Tea itself. Go else where to find good Thai food. Bad food, service could be better. I will never be returning.Cute place in a great location to downtown. 
I ordered the Penang chicken and my husband had the peppery garlic tofu. The Penang had great flavor but came out only warm. Seemed like maybe it had sat waiting to be delivered to my table or was warned up from a frozen state. As I said the flavor was still good so I ate it. 
The garlic tofu that everyone raves about was good but was super salty. I like salt but I couldn't take more than a few bites of this. 
Be careful of the speciality teas... They are strong! 
Great drink prices on a friday night and service was on point. 
I recommend this place!Great Food, excellent service! One of our go to restaurants Everytime we are in New Orleans!!I used to come at their old location (when they did not have a liquor license) and I love their new place. Love the green curry and the Crying Tiger. Last time I tried the Royal Pad Thai. I overlooked that the noodles are crispy, which is not my favorite. But the dish was so amazingly flavored that i did not care. 
The seafood was very good and I enjoyed every bite of it. 
Only reason I'm giving 4 star iso 5 is their drink specials. They are tasty but very weak. Got them on 2 occasions. The first time (Sunday when all should be $5) only the first cocktail was billed as $5, the other was billed at $8.
The second time was a Saturday and our waiter pointed out which drinks were $5 but the bill came for $9. It was corrected afterwards but took a long time.
Next time I'll stick to non-alcohol and just enjoy the food with is great.Decent place to eat. I would order less food as portion sizes are pretty big. Customer service is great. Drinks were good however food is on the expensive side. Location is not great. No lights on street and its kind of hidden. Definitely try if you are a thai food fan however i would recommend trying local foods. I probably would not go back there.Wonderful food even if am from Thailand I still love the wonderful food here and the servers is very nice tooI just happened to walk by this place and deciddd to stop in for lunch. The atmosphere is very casual. Lots of tables, great for groups. The staff is friendly and the food is very good. I got the lunch Chicken Pad Thai. Great size and delicious flavor.Fantastic Thai food. So fresh and generous portions! Chicken yellow curry is amazing here.I really love the interior design and the food here. Several times, I have dined with my spouse and the service was excellent. My favorite dish is the Chaing Mai Noodles. My wife was delighted to discover there were actual vegan options. I am eagerly anticipating my next visit.My boyfriend and I went here for a late Valentine's dinner about an hour before closing and we weren't rushed at all. Yuri was our server and he was great! He was courteous about our dietary restrictions and we didn't have to wait for our drinks or food. We've been to the other location and it's good there too but even though the Royal street location is out of our way we'll be going here as much as possible. Thank you to everyone there for making our special evening even better than we expected!Awesome food and very friendlier hosts. Even at the last minute of their closing time, they asked if I wanted another beer. Definitely will come back.They have a great lunch special! Great green curry, pad thai, and tom kha. I appreciate their spice level--level 4 is REALLY hot.The Mrs and I have visited this location and the former one for a number of years and while there may have been a lull in quality and performance at prior times at the former, that's been shaken off by the new one.
While the BYOB at the former location was good on the wallet, I think the full license at this new location has served to make this restaurant great again am I'm glad to pay the additional cost. Drink quality was top notch and worth the money.
On our most recent visit, we both had panang curry with hot spiciness and both plates came out with a perfect spiciness level (something that was often lacking at the former location).
We're back in mid April and you wanna know where we're eating one night: you guessed it!This is my favorite place in New Orleans. I could eat there every night. Try anything. Then get adventurous and try something you've never had before. Close your eyes and point to the menu - it will be great.I often bring people from out of town to dine here. While not on the typical, touristy, traditional, side of things, my guests ALWAYS fine it a nice break from so much heavy meat and starch which are the common choices in New Orleans. Extremely delicious and vegetarian friendly, this will remain a top option for us. I also appreciate the colorful, alternative style and attitude of the staff. Keep up the good work and we will see you again very soon!Simply amazing! The food exceeded my expectations. The service was great. There's a vegan section of the menu that is perfectly labeled. Can't wait to go back to try more!The food was amazing.  The food was hot and fresh. Dede provided great service. Will return again...I appreciated the gluten free menu. It made it simple for me to make a safe choice. The dining room is nice- good music not too loud, nice lighting too. I ordered soup and the panang  duck curry. The soup was good but spicier than I expected. The duck was outstanding. Nicely cooked as well as the zucchini and the sauce was amazing. I would have rated this place 5 stars if they had not brought my soup a very long time after I ordered and then my entree arrived a minute later. It is one of my least favorite things a restaurant can do. I had to eat my soup (which was very spicy) much faster than I would have liked. It had one big chunk of chicken in it which made me think that they forgot to get the soup ready until my entree was ready and didn't take time to shred the chicken as I have always had it before. The entree portion was generous which was nice but since it sat on the table while I finished my soup it was getting cold before I was able to finish it all.The food was amazing! By far the best we have had! The Sukho Thai Royal Tom Yum soup was excellent and the Spicy Herbal Garden Whole fish was as fresh as it gets!We had lunch here, yesterday.  Weather was great, many French doors were open.  
Locked our bikes to the "bus stop" sign just outside, on the corner.
We had two dishes, one with the flat noodles, and another with the linguini type.  Both were good.
Street parking.  Full bar.  Decent prices.  
Menu offers five different levels of "spiciness", for each dish.
We'll be back !
RickExcellent food in a great environment.  Love the new location and the liquor license.  Spicy means spicy.  They let you order on a scale of 1-5 and 4 is enough for me--and I really like spicy.  I get the drunken noodles (veggie version) but everything I've had has been great.  Some of the stir fry dishes are great too.i love it here. i'm obsessed with tofu curries (of all color variations - though i am particularly fond of red and green) and they do a great job with these dishes. 
i also love their shrimp pockets (pouches? can't remember exactly) appetizer. Little deep fried, crispy, wontons stuffed with shrimp and served with a sweet dipping sauce. 
they have good cocktails, too. and make sure you check out the specials board - i recently tried a whole fish topped with scallops and shrimp! it was crazy (and yum).Awesome and great ambience. Loved there green curry, yellow curry was not that great (I would not recommend). Quantity is really good. Went with a group and ordered quite a few things. Everything tasted perfect.we arrived late.. but welcomed and a phenomenal meal followed.   great service..by Imanne.. 
excellent tamarind duck.. coconut soup..hot pot..  yummmmmmmGreat Tom ga.  Great pad Thai great service. This is the best Thai food in town. Hard to find, hard to park, but worth the trouble. Will return for sure. Bring your own bottle of wine. Great atmosphere and peopleSuch delicious Thai!! Highly recommend anything with fish in it. The soft shell crab was crisp with a tasty sauce, and the fresh rolls were full of vegetables. Don't miss the pineapple seafood curry, there was plenty of shrimp, mussels, squid, and fish.I'm a Thai foodie so as you can imagine I have eaten at a lot of Thai restaurants. SukhoThai, however, was very memorable. We were a party of 8 and we all enjoyed our meals. I have now returned from my trip and still thinking about my awesome meal (drunken shrimp fried rice) at SukhoThai. I will definitely recommend this place and I will most definitely come back here whenever I'm in NOLA.A close friend and I eat at the marigny location at least 2-3 times a month. It's kind of a tradition when he comes in town, which is often. Unfortunately, I'm not adventurous when ordering a meal as I get the Shrimp Pad Thai every time. I've had the curry dishes before, but the last ten times I've ordered the Pad Thai. I have to say it's the best I've had in New Orleans. In addition, the shrimp in a pouch (or shrimp won tons) are fantastic as an appetizer. 
The specialty drinks are innovative and delicious. I recommend the Thai Breeze, Mangorita, and the Thai Bellini. Also, the servers are always super friendly but could probably be a little more attentive. There has been a few times I've waited a little longer than normal to be greeted at the table. 
I love the decor - and I'm thrilled they're in the new building. I highly recommend this Thai place to visitors and locals, alike.I usually get Pineapple Seafood Curry without the seafood and just chicken instead and it is always amazing.  I'm a local and like really spicy food but mild-medium and medium are usually pretty intense so be aware that this is Thai hot you are ordering.Excellent Thai food! Close to Frenchman street. The service was great! Enjoyed the shrimp pockets , soft shell crab and the beef drunken noodles! As good as the Bay Area !We came here when we wanted a change from all the traditional New Orleans cuisine during our vacation here. It was within a decent walk of our hotel & the French Quarter on a quiet street. 
Ambiance was nice and simple, and it wasn't too crowded like the other restaurants in the French Quarter.
My Dad claims it was the "best Thai food in America." We all enjoyed the food a lot. We had the pineapple fried rice, panang curry, drunken fried rice, pad Thai, and tom yum soup for appetizer.
The only minus point was the service, where our Tom Yum soup and pineapple fried rice were both given as chicken dishes when that was never requested, they should have been shrimp. However, we were hungry so did not complain. The food actually came out quick as well.really very good thai food!  the curry was great, the beer was great, the service was great!  and the extra steamed broccoli was cooked to perfection!!  worth walking to from the quarterRemains my favorite Thai in New Orleans. Beautiful new location. Having a "naughty monkey" cocktail which was delicious (great they have a liquor license now) and a Mieng Kham (delicious stuffed betel leaf, uber authentic Thai) app special while I sit here waiting for my pad Thai to go usual. So good I'm posting the review now while still sitting at the bar. Bravo, Sukho Thai, congrats on the lovely expansion!Top Notch! The food, service and staff was amazing. I ate here four times while in NOLA for a conference. My group tried the chicken satay papaya salad, crying tiger, green curry with chicken and the mahi green curry and rad nah. All were delicious. I eat Thai regularly and I found this spot to stand out as one of my faves. The flavors and spices are authentic. The veggies were fresh and cooked to perfection. The vibe is casual with an upscale feel. We easily found parking in the surrounding neighborhood which I felt like was safe to walk through at night. I will search this gem out every time I'm back in NOLA.Really nice place with good atmosphere and lots of vegan and vegetarian options. Also have lots of fun signature cocktail. No wait even though we came on a weekend night and no trouble parking.The ambience is relaxed. Enjoyed our meal. The service was super fast and food oh so yummy! Will certainly visit again if I have the chance.Our server Morgan treated us like family. Came here last night before going to a parade and I'm back already for lunch!
After eating this I feel whole again. Definitely come here if you want to feel whole again. That's a must.
Also the creativity of the bartender, also Morgan, stirred us up three wonderful ginger vodka blood Mary's that are absolutely to die for. The best part though is when Morgan walked away. She really brings home the saying "hate seeing her go, love watching her leave"
Kitchen did a great job and our server was very knowledgable about the menu. We spent about an hour walking through each menu item. I love talking about food so this was great for me. 
I couldn't recommend this spot enough to you. I'll be back everyday.The green curry was pretty good and had the right kick to it. You also have the option of adding different hot sauces even after your meal is served. I really liked the service here and thought they were being really accommodating!Eat here. If you enjoy Thai cuisine,  then this is not to be missed. 
My 13 hear old daughter has been visiting family all summer...she was gone for two months (sad mommy). She chose Suko Thai for her coming home meal, and OMG, I was so glad she did!
We had dinner at the Royal St. location. The restaurant is simply decorated , but lovely. When you arrive, check out the ceiling above the bar. Just So Pretty! 
Anyway, even after arriving quite close to closing, which I hate doing, the staff was attentive and super-professional. They made a special and emotional night a thousand times better. 
So, the food: We ordered the sampler appetizer to share...and it falls in the 'meh' category.  Not horrible, not great. However, the rest of the meal was exceptional - truly. Kiddo had the Pad Thai seafood combo, and I ordered the Red Curry with mahi mahi, at the hostess's recommendation. 
Daughter's Pad Thai was some of the best I've ever tasted...spicy, but not set-your-head-on-fire hot. LOTS of seafood, which was awesome, as I feel that a lot of restaurants skimp on seafood. Great flavor, good portion size. 
My curry simply rocked my world. Hands down the best I've ever had - fresh fish, the veg had great snap, so not overcooked. The seasoning was spot on. I couldn't even talk, my mouth was so happy. I believe next time we're in, I'm going to have the same thing, but try it with the seafood combo, scallops, shrimp, calamari, etc. 
So folks, to wrap this up: go here, order whatever the staff reccomends (they won't steer you wrong) and Put It In Your Mouth!!!  :)Loved the food there. They were happy to make it vegetarian (no fish sauce etc, no eggs). We had the fresh spring rolls followed by drunken noodles and panang curry and thai iced tea. Taste and flavors were on point! Will definitely go back when I'm in the area. 
Only hiccup was that when we came in, the hostess seemed a bit low on energy and motioned us over to a table. We were seated soon enough but it took someone 5-10 minutes to get to our table to take our drinks order (it was not busy so I wondered whether she had actually let someone know to come and take our order). 
But as soon as he come over he apologized for the wait, was personable and once he put the order in, the chef was FAST! Our food came flying out of the kitchen in a wave of aromas and this lady's thai cravings were satisfied. This hit the spot! :DYeh!!!!!!!!! I finally found good Thai food in NOLA - green curry, drunken noodles (Pad Ke Mao), Coconut milk soup ...... All delish & the staff, setting & prices are on point! So happy I tried this place - I know I'll be there often!Ordered Sukho Thai through Waitr last night. Delivery was pretty fast. We had the fresh rolls that were a little bit different than others I've had. These were filled with salad fixings and a touch of tofu served with a peanut sauce. Very good and healthy, no rice noodles like most fresh rolls. 
We had the hot basil chicken at"hot" heat level and red curry with shrimp at "medium" heat level. Both were good with a fair amount of spice. The chicken was a little bit over cooked but I loved the red curry. 
Both dishes came with white rice. 
Great meal delivered hot and fresh. Very satisfying and flavorful. We will definitely order again!So this review is coming  from plenty of visits for the original Marigny location to their new one and have to be honest there are always some major flaws with each dining experience. I will start by saying though their new space is a wonderful establishment and a great place to dine. My major flaw is the staff and hit or miss food. The previous establishment was run by people who basically just didn't care and took forever to perform basic tasks. And although we they have evolved there are still major flaws in service from the hostess to our server who claimed she was new when their where issues although she was the same server I had my last visit 3 months prior. Being in a previous waiter and bartender that is NOT NEW.  
ANYWAY.... She was basically a train wreck both times and seeing the way tables next to use flagged down other staff members for checks or other items I was not alone in my opinion. The spring rolls arrived a good 10 minutes before the waitress bother to tell use the bottle of wine we ordered at the same time as the appetizer wasn't available.  So it took her 20 minutes to figure that out. And another 15-20 to get us a second choice and take our entree order. The spring rolls were great... fresh and tasty, although the veggie pad Thai was a bit soggy and overcooked and lacked much genuine flavor. The food here is really inconsistent sometimes pretty good sometimes meh. So for me I love the new space but they need to work on service and food consistency and they could really be a hit.  Someone needs to step in and manage the their staff though. Overall though happy to have it In the neighborhood and hope for improvements along their journey.Ridiculously good. Food was excellent and best service we've had in NoLa. DD was our server - knew the menu completely and dealt with family allergies which is always a challenge for us. Block away from Frenchman so easy walk from French quarter. Highly recommend itVery nice and comfortable
Good food and good location 
I had try beef boat noodles, green curry, old Siam duck noodles and my favorite dessert mango sticky rice.We came here as a group and didn't expect much. However the foods came out with very authentic Thai flavor and decent portion size and price. It is not as spicy as you would expect for thai food to be as it is geared toward American taste but you can always add more peppers. I would recommend the pad Thai, salmon curry, Tom yum soup and their fish.So good. My mouth is so happy with this place. For the seafood combo drunken noodles-won't disappointGreat food and ambience.Awesome customer service and the food gets to you real quick .Perfect for hungry families and friends.The spice levels are perfectly accurate. I would recommend the Medium Cashew Chicken.The sauce was very authentic and well balanced.My family's experience here was truly amazing. Also the live music from the nearby park was like icing on the cake. 
Great start of our New Orleans vacation!Just returned home from my umpteenth visit to Sukho Thai in the Marigny. As always, the food was fantastic--I had the Drunken Noodles (HOT!) with tofu, which is an absolute favorite of mine from their menu of reliably excellent entrees. 
Tonight, however, was different from other nights that I have visited this place: blame it on the Jazz Fest folx or the Moon or whatever, but they were utterly slammed both with to-go orders and people in their dining room. Guests were behaving, but the staff were clearly outnumbered.
They handled the rush, as I have come to expect, with aplomb, but the ease with which John, the bartender, handled his post was poetic. He wrangled all the takeout orders, made and poured drinks for those seated in the establishment, and kept a Zen-like calm akin to that of emergency room surgeons or air traffic controllers. He deserves commendation, and frankly I do hope he goes on to become an emergency room surgeon or an air traffic controller, because both fields could benefit from his poise. 
Rock on, Sukho Thai, and rock on John.Truly one of the next Thai restaurants I have eaten at.  Fresh ingredients and very flavorful with rich flavors and great staff. They have a lot of vegan options on the menu.  We had the fresh veggie rolls, vegetable soup and dirty noodles with tofu. When I visit New Orleans I visit at least twice because it is so good.I love coming to Sukho Thai with my best friend. We always get the spring rolls, she gets Tom Sum soup, and I get the shrimp pad thai. The Thai iced tea is delicious too. It's a fun area with a neat atmosphere. Definitely a favorite place.We went to this restaurant as it had good reviews on Yelp. It's located in a residential area and out of the way from more popular tourist haunts. Upon entering, I immediately got the impression that this was a upscale Thai restaurant. They had a good selection of wines and several tables spread across few rooms. The place was about 50% full at 7 PM. 
I love Thai food and need to have my fix atleast once a week. I have eaten Thai food in over a dozen countries including in China so have a pretty good idea about the food taste and quality. I also cook Thai food at home. Thai food in general is not expensive generally ranging from $8 to $12 per dish for dinner. But here everything was way more expensive. The average cost was $15-$17 per dish though the quantity was pretty good. One dish would be enough for 2 people. The dish we ordered tasted just OK and was not piping hot as Thai food should be served. 
Overall I did not find value for my dollar dining here and I will not visit this place again. The food we ate at Thai Orchid in the town of Slidell -across Lake Pontchartrain was much tastier and better value for money.We've been here a few times, and the food and service have always been solid. The whole fish was especially good. Probably my 2nd favorite Thai place in town, after LA Thai.Visiting New Orleans and went to this restaurant the first night we were there.  Let's just say the food and the service was so good we visited it again 4 nights later.  If you like Thai food then this place is a must.  Plenty of mouth watering food at a reasonable price.Great staff! Loved talking to the bar tender and the wines she recommended were Great! The food....wow....to die for! It inspired me to start cooking some tofu! It was so delicious! A defintley dinner date stop!Well, this has always been our FAVORITE local restaurant, while visiting NOLA. Today they let us down a bit. I always order Drunken noodles. They were out of the noodles, and had to substitute,  Pad Thai noodles. ( also the 2 other tables wanted the same) It was ok, but not great! We also ordered tha Beef salad. The beef tasted, "a little off " and not fresh cooked. Also ordered a medium side of steamed rice. It came out large, and I mentioned this to waitress. She replied they only have small and large. Even tho it's on the menu. This items we order every time!! Its just disappointing, as it's always been our constant and consistent, "Go too.Sukho thai is one of the best thai resturant to try in NOLA for thai food lovers....we tried simply superb garden soup (vegan) my 3.5yrs loved it. The drunken noodles was a treat and followed by some cocktails. They are reasonably priced infact for such delicious food the price is cheap. Service was great.This restaurant was simply amazing. Me and my husband were craving for some good food after eating subway sandwiches for days. This place was heaven. The food was spicy and tasty at the same time. This place had one of the most yummy drunken noodles I have had, would visit again!Trying a new Thai restaurant is always dicey, and there seems to be no in-between: either it changes your life for the better, or you regret it for the next three days.
It makes me so happy to be able to say that our visit to Sukho was 100% the former. We're kind of snarky when it comes to our Thai food, and with so many new restaurants popping up, very few make the cut. We researched heavily before our recent trip to Nola, and we definitely made the right choice.
Everything here was A-1: the location, the ambience, the STAFF, the portions, the presentation, the price-point. It was actually really surprising to find a Thai restaurant where you didn't have to sacrifice the aesthetic for good food -- not an easy find!
Our waiter Colin was a TOTAL gem - friendly, knowledgeable (and easy on the eyes!) We were feeling trustworthy and went with every one of his stellar recommendations, from the Mieng Kham to the whole fish entree with shrimp and scallops -- and he couldn't have been more on point. He clearly knew the menu, and took our preferences into account when making suggestions - which is SO awesome when you're at a restaurant for the first time. When we saw the portions we were sure we'd need to-go boxes, but as it turned out: We ate every morsel.
In summary, skip every other Thai join in New Orleans and become a regular here. Now! You can thank me later :)Delicious food! The spice level is perfection. I cannot wait to go back. I had the drunken noodles with shrimp and the red curry with chicken, spice level hot. I usually go with the hottest option at every restaurant, but decided to head the warning here. I'll be trying the Thai Hot red curry next time and will definitely be taking some drunken noodles to go because they are THAT good.Good thai food in new Orleans.  We from lancaster PA .I m happy with luxury decor inside the reaturant.  Food good . Taste just like real thai food. Staff all American  here. No asian waitress .SukhoThai is really one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Their service never fails, the lunch specials are pretty good, and the flavors are ALWAYS there! Sometimes, depending on the chef, I think the "spice level" varies (i.e. today's "medium" may taste "mild" tomorrow). It doesn't really matter though because you can request a spice rack and add spice to your meal as you please. I will definitely continue to visit this place. I especially love that I've gotten a 10% off coupon the past two times I've checked in on Yelp!Excellent Thai food tucked a block away from music and bars on Frenchman St with a cool, low key vibe. My dad is addicted to green curry and the green curry here blew his mind. Great restaurant if you're looking for something other than Creole/Cajun in NOLA.Just had dinner here. It was amazing! We had Pad Thai and Drunken noddles. Service was great.Great ambience, food and service. Vegetarian friendly. The spice levels are true to measure, I asked for level 4 and found it spicy - enjoyed it a lot, since I eat spicy.
We ordered from the vegan menu and were quite satisfied with the food and flavors. Highly recommend it.Didn't eat food there, but colleagues loved it. Had drinks though, and the drinks were excellent.  Nice deco inside, good selections on the menu, and cool yet friendly staff with excellent vegetarian choices all help to make this a 5-stars worthy place.  Definitely will recommend.Best Thai food in New Orleans! Will def come back . Had the bamboo chicken curry at hot spice level - yummm and the green papaya salad in Thai hot spice level ! Omg both so goodThe first place that I ever tried Thai food and it was great. Suhko Thai has since moved from its previous location on Royal Street to their new flashier digs on Elysian Fields. The new place is super chic with very improved service but I miss the outside seating on a day with great weather. Per usual I ordered two of my favorites the pad thai and the pineapple curry with shrimp. Both were excellent but you need to watch when you order your level of heat because medium is very much enough for the common palate. Don't even think about thai hot unless you are ready for serious ulcers. My only knock is that the prices especially for dinner are a little steep and they have gone even further up in price since the move but if you have a Groupon like I did then its worth going.I worked in Bangkok, Phuket and Chang Mai and have to say this is the most authentic Thai I have had in the USA. I came to New Orleans for the Seafood which was great but the Thai was the highlight. Gluten free and vegan options were a big surprise. We all could have something great. Great atmosphere and excellent service. I wish they were in PhiladelphiaA million times, yes. This place is phenomenal. Cute location, no frills, clean, and hands down some of the freshest, cleanest, most straight-forward Thai food I've ever had. The vegan Chinese broccoli is to die for, and the Thai fried rice is incredible- not greasy, but full of flavor. One tip: HOT MEANS HOT.Great Thai spot in NOLA! Their Thai tea is solid, and surprisingly not too sweet. My friends loved their Thai coffee as well. I came here with a large group, and everyone thought the food was wonderful -- some might say the portions are a little small, but I'd say this is good for you because, well, portion control. Prices are pretty fair and a little lower compared to other Thai places I've had. 
Love the ambience of this location, and the service is great. The only downside is the difficulty finding street parking in this area.
I shared a few appetizers -- nothing stood out to me too much, but the crispy spring rolls were good!
With so many rice, noodle, and soup options on the menu, it was hard to decide. Everything sounded great! I ended up going for the Drunken Noodles with beef, which turned out to be a wonderful choice. People warned me about the spice level, so I chose mild, but it wasn't too spicy at all to me, so I'll probably spice up next time. However, I thought the noodle to veggie ratio was off (I would have preferred more noodles). They have many duck options as well, which I will definitely be back to try!AMAZING! We came here on a lim- last minute decision and change of dinner plans and we don't regret it at all. Simply delicious and amazing quality. So happy we decided to come here. Green Papaya salad to start is a must! The garden soup was delicious and I really loved the pineapple fried rice. Can't wait to come here again next time I'm in town.I never planned on eating Thai while in NOLA but I was so pleasantly surprised!! We literally just beat the dinner rush but if I ever go back it's worth the wait.  Service was quick and friendly. Food was amazing!!I've been here a few times. I'm not very adventurous and mostly have had the Pad Thai which is mouth watering and delicious!Really great food with lots of options!
Came here with a buddy visiting from out of town. I had the Tom Yum Soup and he had the soft shelled crab curry. We shared an order of fried egg plant to start off with. It was great! It wasnt greasy and was tempura battered. 
The soup was good, though it had more onions than any other ingredients. I ended up having to pick out about a cup of large purple onion chunks from the soup. The shrimp were large and the broth had a great flavor profile. I probably wouldn't order it again if I couldn't get some of the onions removed.
The crab curry was really good. The two crabs were fried crispy and you could still taste the row. The yellow curry that it was served in was quite good too. Nice bit of spice and the veggies were still slightyly crunchy, which made it quite filling.Delicious food.a little to salty for us, cool atmosphere,good service, fun music Solid 4 stars  5 Stars if you don't mind super salt.IMy biggest issue with this restaurant is it's either hit or miss, there is nothing in between.  The good -- they have a great selection .... vegan, vegetarian and carnivorous.  The staff is super friendly and they have happy hour drink specials every day of the week.  The not so good -- their chefs are so inconsistent you get whiplash.  As I said their food is either point on, with awesome authentic flavors or they aren't --- I mean bland tasteless food, over cooked noodles etc.  it doesn't matter if it's afternoon lunch or dinner.  One consistency I do notice is that 90% of the time I order takeout, I'm guaranteed that bland experience.
It crushes me to give the 3-stars because as I said when the chef is on the their game OMgosh is it on!   Some particular favorites are the pad Thai, vegan kaffir lime tofu, vegan papaya salad and the veggie rolls.  My daughters favorites are the drunken noodles with beef and the vegan eggplant lover!I'll start this by saying they have 4 star food, and IMO the best Thai in NOLA.
But that's where my compliments end. Their systems are a mess and everything takes an extraordinary long time here. I live 2 blocks away and would order here every week (my gf is a thai food fiend) if they had any type of system in place to get the food out in a timely manner. Instead its about once or twice a year. Every time without fail the foot takes at least twice as long as they say and often longer. If they say 30 minutes it takes an hour or more. 45 minutes...well you'll be waiting a long, long time. This past time I ordered my food and they said it would be ready in 25 minutes. I showed up around the 30 minute mark and paid. Someone came in a few minutes later and ordered their food and walked out with their food before I did. I expressed frustration and they said they lost my papaya salad...15 minutes before the food finally came out. Old ladies on the street of Bangkok churn this out in roughly 2 minutes so there's no reason it would take a professional kitchen this long. My other dish was a noodle dish. Roughly 55 minutes (quoted 25) to get my food...that is just incompetence as both dishes take no time at all to make. When I live 2 blocks away this is an absolutely ridiculous wait time and I'm not playing guessing games with how long I'll need to sit there. While I was there multiple people, sit-down diners included, came up and asked why their food was taking a long time. I wish this is an anomaly but it happens every time I go here. If they just implemented better systems this place would be amazing.
Go here only if you have a large amount of time to spare.I'm not sure if I'm used to my neighborhood Thai place now or if this location is just not as great as the one on magazine. I typically love their drunken noodles and when I picked up from here a few weeks ago they were pretty bland. The size of my entree was also as big as my leftovers from most places. My boyfriend also got the Tom yum soup and I'm telling you he could have taken 1 sip and drained the container. The quality was still good, but there is definitely better food (quality and quantity) in the area.I used to frequent this place a lot in high school and college. My more recent visits have been met with slower and sometimes unenthusiastic service. The food in general is still the same. The beef quality isn't as good as I remember it but still alright. I still visit the restaurant every so often mostly because their Pad Kee Mao is the best that I've had in the city so far tbhLove love love the food! The best vegetarian drunken noodles I have had anywhere till date! Sooo yummy that we ordered it thrice! Their sake is good too.. must try Thai restaurant in Nola..We found this restaurant within minutes of arriving in NOLA via Yelp and a menu at our rental apartment. It was a 2 minute walk from where we were staying and service was quick and friendly. We enjoyed a beef curry dish and Peppery Garlic chicken. Both were served quickly and were very tasty. 
Our waitress was very attentive and even though she was waiting on about 6 tables we never had to flag her down for anything. Yelp offers a 10% discount for checking in at this place. We showed our waitress the discount on my phone and she applied it to our check when she brought it out without having to be asked a second time. Overall this was a great first meal during our first visit to the Big Easy.My husband and I came back from a trip to Thailand not too long ago.  I was afraid that the flavors would be watered down or not authentic.  Boy was I wrong!   The flavors were on point and it was just as good as the food we had in Thailand!  I highly recommend this place.  I went with a group of friends and everyone loved everything.  The chef is from Thailand and he came out to greet us.  What a nice guy!  Go as a group and share so you can try more dishes!Had Seafood Pad Thai and Shrimp pouches. The shrimp pouches are phenomenal, yummm can get a dozen those. The Pad thai had scallops, fresh shrimp and squid. The scallops and shrimp were really good. The squid is uncooked and no seasoning. The noodles were good, the sauce was blah.I ordered takeout which consisted of pad thai, drunken noodles, and boat noodles. The pad thai didn't have the tang and authentic flavor pallet you'd expect. The drunken noodles were good and had very tender beef. The boat noodles were very mediocre. The restaurant location felt a little sketchy. I don't know about the other thai restaurants but when I'm back in town I'm going to give another place a try.Great neighborhood restaurant.  I haven't been in a while, but it has great comfort food that speaks to my soul.  My go to dishes are shrimp Tom yum soup and the shrimp drunken noodles.  I Love the mix of the sour and spicy flavors.  Great wait staff.  Huge portions at the perfect prices.I liked it! Mucho vegan options. Very accommodating. Pretty good location as well.Their happy hour can't be beat. All house cocktails are $5. There are plenty to choose from and the ones I had were quite tasty. On Sunday the $5 cocktail deal lasts all day. I love spicy food, so I'm very partial to the varying spice levels that you can request for some dishes.This is easily one of the better Thai food I had in the city. They have plenty of vegan/vegetarian options. The ambience is nice and elegant. I had veggie rolls, soup and vegan sukiyaki. The food had a good balance of spices. It was not crazy Thai spicyThis is easily one of my favorite work lunch spots. My coworkers and I have literally been eating here once a week. Not good for my supposed to be budget but whatever! 
The food is amazing! I always spring for the drunken noodles and get the dinner portion because that's how I am lol. A variation of shrimp and beef is the perfect combination. I really love the mussel appetizer but it's super small and not work the the price tag. That being said the broth is amazing and you might end up drinking it like soup lol. 
The atmosphere is chill. Servers are friendly. Perfect for this spring weather when the staff open the doors and let the outside air in.What a lovely Thai restaurant for the Big Easy.  Although not truly authentic, food was decent.  
We ordered many dishes and were pleased.  Food was decent and portion was enough for no more than 2 people.  The flavoring each dish was flavor bit it was miss g a component like salt, curry and / or spice.   Curry was not potent as we like bit flavoring was decent.  The stir fry was missing a component of thai hlbasil and spice.  It was flavorful but was was a bit mild.  
I would come back again especially there is not much authentic Thai restaurant around.  It is more 3.5 stars.I really love Sukho Thai but the inconsistency kills me. As of late, When I order to-go I have to package my own napkins, chopsticks, and to-go sauce if I require it -- In the bar's service area. It's awkward and weird. On busy nights there are delivery people in that area, servers and all kinds of action. What the hell? I know it's a pain to package orders when it's busy because I did it for years at another restaurant off Frenchmen. It sucks to have to make drinks, answer phones and deal with clients and package to go orders but that's the damn job. Making the customer do it is ridiculous. 
I can see that your intentions are good however, it is not convenient. The service area is small and crowded. Since it's in front of the bathroom and the walkway to your kitchen it's extremely awkward to get back there on a busy night. The first night I had to package up my own to-go bag I felt very much in the way. Especially when the bartender who had to pass off drinks and pour them on the edge knocked a glass over breaking it. No big deal but I felt like I was the cause because I had to be in that tiny area. Perhaps a better way to combat waste would be to ASK the patron if they need to go silverware and napkins rather than send them into a weeded service station. I mean after all that's what I assume the tip is for for, the act of service preformed on the part of the staff.Great food.  The waiter was exceptional and the host was also great.  I enjoyed the food and the service.Terrific Thai food. Expansive menu with the standards, plus some more off the beaten path choices.  The curries are awesome.Surprised to find such a great Thai place in NOLA. I got Pad Thai shrimp, green papaya salad and Thai ice tea and all of them scored 5 out of 5 for me. Service was good and I really enjoyed clean, open, modern atmosphere. I will be back.For a recently converted pescatarian, this place has so many options!! My mother in law got glass noodles with tofu which was delicious and I got garlic tofu. The flavors are so bold! I also got the basil orange cocktail which was perfect pairing with the Thai food. My husband and my father in law both got duck dishes and they were both decadent. From what my father in law said, his basil duck dish was top notch and worth getting. They fry the basil and it screams flavor. (I tried the fried basil leaves and they were killer!) definitely a must visit. Also from 5-7 I think they have $5 signature cocktails. Such a great deal!After a difficult time trying to find good gluten free options in NOLA, I was excited to try Sukho because I saw they had a dedicated gluten free menu. Upon arriving and reviewing the menu, I was confused to see that none of the noodle dishes were included on the GF menu. I asked our waiter if they could modify one of the noodle dishes by removing the soy sauce and replacing it with a gluten free version (many Thai restaurants will replace with some sort of garlic sauce) and he responded with "No, the cooks are unwilling to modify anything on the regular menu to be gluten free." This is so strange to me - if you're going to go through the trouble to make a gluten free menu, why not really commit to it instead of just selecting a few items to be on it? Nixing the soy sauce on a rice noodle dish would have been a really easy way to make me happy. Alas, I had to order the panang curry with chicken off the gluten free menu. The flavors were good, and the dish was mildly spicy even though I ordered it mild. One of my friends tried the drunken fried rice and thought it lacked flavor; the other had one of the chicken salads and said the chicken tasted canned. Overall, not somewhere we'd return.Decent food with very reasonable price. Drinks weren't that great, but if you stick to the beer you like, it's always safe and food was good!I've been hesitating to review this place for a while now because I have such conflicting feelings about it and do find myself returning.  But, here's the deal. The food is very good and the best thai food in the city.  This is true.  They put heat on dishes when you ask them to.  Like, Thai heat.  Things are consistent and always fresh, tasty, and well executed.
BUT, it's really just too expensive.  There's really no other way to say that.  Like, every time I get my check, my satisfactory level drops immediately because I feel ripped off expensive. For example, a dinner for two persons with one beer each and one shared app and two shared entrees (which are shockingly $5.50 for a small Tiger beer, by the way), with tip is $90 expensive. Some entrees are more than $25 expensive.  Like, go to a nice restaurant in NOLA expensive. 
This is why the takeout business has to be meager (i can't tell you how many times i wanted to order to go or delivery but stopped because i thought spending $40 on noodles was excessive - because it is) and why when we were there on a Friday at 8 pm there were more open tables than not.
Further, the atmosphere does not match the prices - casual interaction with servers (who typically dont know anything about the menu), always pretty blah service although nice people, wood tables, you box your own food, located in the marigny, etc.
Point is, if you literally dropped your prices $4-5 per entree and put yourself in the $12-15 per thai entree realm, you'd probably up your business fully and be packed all the time.  People would probably order more to share anyway, and we would probably be there every week and have an overall positive experience instead of a sticker shock one.Ordered dumplings, Ahi Katsu Rolls, Pad Thai Chicken, and Soft Shell Crab Curry at the bar to go. Great service, great environment, amazing AC in the dead of summer!  Thanks John the bartender! He's a real pro!As always, I wish I had taken a picture of this deliciousness, but I was too anxious to dive in to my red curry and forgot...
Anyway, the place is delicious. I love Thai food and this is definitely my new favorite in town. We started with the sampler for an appetizer; everything on it was on point. I really enjoyed the spring rolls and the shrimp pockets.  For my entree, I decided on the red curry with beef. Huge portion, excellent spice (I'm pretty sure I went with the medium) and it made for really wonderful leftovers for lunch the following day. My date had the pineapple seafood curry (not sure what the exact wording is on that) and his was great, as well; tons of seafood. 
Only downfall was the price and size of the drinks and our server was a bit absent, but otherwise we had a great experience and will definitely return.Hey this is a standard straight up good food great drinks place to chill and have delicious this foodAbsolutely amazing! 
Sampled so much when I went with my friend. Everything we had was so delicious and authentic! 10 out of 10!!Love love love Thai food here. Come probably once a week. Tom yum soup is amazing.  Basil chicken and drunken noodles are great as well. My only con is the change to the drink menu and removal of one of my favorite specialty cocktails.I'm sorry I didn't update this earlier. Issues from my last post are 100% fixed and I eat here all the time now. The food is great, takeout times are accurate, and I'm one very happy client :)My experience here was OK. The waiter was great and the atmosphere is nice. My food is what I had a problem with. I ordered a grilled salmon pineapple curry dish, expecting it to be on a plate with sauce. What I received was a curry bowl of soup, salmon emerged in it, with a ton of vegetables on top. The salmon had tasted so bland by itself and didn't look grilled. That should be changed on the menu to curry bowl with salmon and pineapple. It was disappointing.Drunken noodles are amazing, and so are all the different curries. I enjoyed the mango sticky rice for dessert, it was top notch!
I especially enjoy the large tea menu, and they serve my favorite jasmine pearl.I can't say enough great things about this place. Best vegetarian entree in the US. Best seafood combo. Best duck. Best whole fish. All of those were comments from our table. We all were so satisfied and happy with selection, presentation, TASTE, and service. Enjoy people; life doesn't get much better than this!The service was perfect.
The waiters were incredibly helpful in selecting the entrees.
Each entree we tried was excellent.
I highly recommend the Sizzling Salmon and the Curry noodles.
Good ambience compared to other Thai in town.The service was perfect.
The waiters were incredibly helpful in selecting the entrees.
Each entree we tried was excellent.
I highly recommend the Sizzling Salmon and the Curry noodles.
Good ambience compared to other Thai in the city.
We just tried it again, 8 people.
Every entree was fantastic.  Highly recommend the curry noodles!!Great date night restaurant.  Friendly & attentive staff- Fletcher was awesome,  made us feel welcomed and took great care of us!! 
Appetizer sampler gave us a trio of tasty bites: shrimp pockets, seared tuna and veggie rolls.  
I ordered the tamarind duck with tempura veg and had leftovers.  The veg was a mix of
Carrots, broccoli, squash and onions.  The crispy duck stayed crunchy for a midnight snack. Hubby had seafood hotpot and ate it all right up.  Scallops, calamari and shrimp at a level 3.  He was feeling the heat but said he will try HOT level 4 next time.
Save room dessert.  The dragon puffs are light & airy but the FBI - friend bananas and ice cream stole the show.  Both were topped with fresh berries and honey -delicious to the last bite.Literally, have not once had a bad experience! Been here around 10 times and I always try something new and it never disappoints. Ingredients are always so fresh. And the soft shell crab appetizer is a must have anytime I go. The bartender is friendly and will easily strike a conversation with you about their drink menu. Make sure you finish your meal with one of their palate cleansing teas. I recommend the dragon pearl oolong. A great addition to any mean no matter the weather. Overall, the atmosphere is casual and invite conversation. 10/10!!!Great food, great service and a beautiful place to be in.  We really enjoyed the evening.I came here for lunch. Food was so good and very authentic, fresh and well presented. I will be back when I am in town again.10% of your ticket if you check-in!!
Given that Nola doesn't have a lot of selection when it comes to Asian food, we were very happy to stumble across this place.
It took awhile for them to put together a table for our party of 12, but our server was very good.
Was this the most authentic? No. Did it satisfy our hankering for asian food? Yes.
I had the drunken noodles: Do not get the beef. It was so tough. Would've been much better with chicken. It was a good portion and had more noodles than veggies which I appreciated. Medium spice level was a strong kick.
Curry noodles: suppose to be khao soi. Not super legit but the broth was rich and tasty. Noodles were a little over cooked.
Thai fried rice: big portion, needed more flavor
One of the cheapest and decent meals we had in NOLA.The Pad Thai was amazing. The service was great even on a busy night with a parade right outside. The price is perfect for the quality of food. Will definitely be returning for date night again!i'm embarrassed at how much money i spend here on take out. we always get a pad thai and a couple curries (green is my fav). also love the drunken noodles, especially when they're saucy. super filling meal for those of us who don't eat meat. we typically order 3 to 5 dishes at a time for the office, and they've been correct 100% of the timeExcellent service and amazing food.  Food was a perfect balance of flavor and ingredients.  There was a good  amount of meat, equal portions of veggies and noodles.  A excellent experience in of all places New Orleans for Thai food