This brightly lit and newly renovated building takes the former Copeland's and revives and otherwise dead section of St. Charles. Superior Seafood is quite new and I hesitated to try anything; I like to wait and let the staff and kitchen work the kinks out. But, hunger won...
Sat at the bar and ordered:
Thyme After Thyme - vodka-based martini
1/2 Char-broiled oysters
Tuna Tartar
My cocktail was too sweet. I think the idea is to have a more aromatic drink. I'd try it again, with instructions for less sugar. The oysters were decadent. Confession: 1st time having charbroiled ones. I love the raw bivalve, and this was a treat. 
The tartar would use some tweaking. The presentation is fine; however, the tuna should be diced finer and the avocado is not really a great addition. I wasn't sure is the accompanying sauce was just soy, or ponzu. Was the sauce on the plate wasabi-based? All these things detracted from the tuna. 
The hot bread with butter is delicious. But the bread served w/the appetizers is overkill. The bread w/the oysters is traditional, although you can't sop up sauce using toast points. I'd look for another option for the tartar. 
The bartender was fine, perhaps a wee bit bored because it was a slow night. I'll try it again (after parade season) for a full meal and see...Very attentive servers and food was delicious.  A bit noisy but very fun.  We ate there twice on two days.Easily one of my favorite restaurants. I came here for the first time in the fall and have been several times since then. Checks can definitely be on the pricier side, but definitely the only place in the area where you can get quality steak and fries for $25 as well as some delicious oysters. Atmosphere has a great bistro feel and service is excellent. Giving this place the five stars it deserves and will probably be there again this weekend.Finally made it to Superior and we are kicking ourselves for not having made it out sooner because we hit all our favorite eateries first. Must have: Chargrilled oysters. Thumbs-up on cornbread app, signature cocktails and seafood fare -- all fesh and tasty. Superior has made our list of NOLA faves.Wow, SS&O  oysters on-the-half-shell are off the hook!  belly up to their oyster bar and enjoy some of the most succulent, plump, and seriously juicy oysters I have ever had!  I'll go as far to say they're the best I've ever experienced!  If you go in during happy hour, a dozen oyster, with lemon and cocktail sauce, costing something like $6 or $7.  I had 3 dozen, washing them down with a local honey-wheat ale, and wished I had room for more.  Located on the St. Charles Av. trolly line @ Napoleon Av., trust me, you will not regret the oysters at SS&O (even better than I experienced at Acme Oysters in the French Quarter--cheaper too!).Beet salad appetizer was not very good. Drinks were great and entree was decent. As soon as they realized we wanted to split dinner the service disappeared. We didn't receive our salad that came with the entree and were never offered fresh pepper on the entree which was bland.Two words- Frozen Rosé! I'm not a big fan of champagne as it usually gives me a headache but this Frozen Rosé was so good!! And I came at the perfect time... Happy Hour! The oysters were $0.50 so of course I had a dozen. The chargrilled oysters are bomb too. I'll be back next time I hit the big easy.Waitress, Alena was so sweet. She was on her toes and had plenty of recommendations. This is a must try!  Shrimp brochettes with andouille and bacon hit the spot!Just went there for dinner to enjoy the Super Bowl game with what I had planned to be good friends, food, wine, and fun. The food was OK, the service was horrendous, but luckily the friends and wine were good. It took about 20 minutes to get a drink not to mention how many times I politely asked to add sausage, potatoes, and corn to the crawfish. Lastly paying the bill, which to mention wasn't very cheap. Our server had stood beside us as we paid the bill, making it awkward, and he wouldn't leave until we had signed the bill. Then, it wasn't good enough, the 17% that we had left and had the audacity to tell our host that the amount was incorrect. Unbelievable! I have no intention of going back anytime soon!They really lacked on  vegetarian options. We met a friend here for happy hour. Didn't love the spinach and cheese dip. Wish their beer selection was bigger.Oysters anyway you like em, fresh crawfish! Great to watch sports and eat at the barOur waiter was Colby and he did a fabulous job of helping us with suggestions. The atmosphere was lovely. We did not feel rushed. We had a table of four for outside dining. Each of us went outside of our comfort zone to try different things we've never heard of - no one was disappointed. I highly recommend the frozen French 75 and if you make it there during happy hour they give you two for the price of one.  Be sure you go to Superior Seafood and not Superior Grill like we almost did. I'd go back in a heartbeat!The service was poor and the gumbo tasted burnt and the chicken tenders for my grandson were cooked till they were dried out along the outer portion and tasted like old grease. It was very poor food for entirely to much money. I won't go back.One of my favorite restaurants in the area. The service is incredible, I have been 4 times in the last 5 months: once with my father, once alone and twice with friends and every time the service is accommodating and friendly. I went on a half priced drinks and oyster night and I had a field day with as many rather large and sweet oysters as I wanted and as much Chardonnay I could handle and I had such a good time with the people I was with. During crawfish season this year I had a pound of crawfish to myself and my server recommended the best red wine to pair with the meal, both my father and I were really impressed. The carrot cake is like a spice cake with carrots and a warm cream cheese frosting glaze and pecans on top: also a wonderful thing on the menu. I cannot recommend it enough and will always come here with my family when they're in town.It was very nice inside. Very upscale feel. They have happy hour drinks and oysters. Food was good. I would definitely go back.Started with a dozen oysters on the half shell for $15.  They were really delicious, sweet and briny.  Wish that we had ordered another dozen.  My companion ordered the fish if the day (mahi mahi).  It was blackened and perfectly cooked. However the accompanying squash medley was over cooked and roasted potatoes were greasy.  I ordered the shrimp risotto flavored with pesto and garnished with tomato cofit and shaved parmesan.  The risotto was nicely flavored.  Texturally, it was not as loose as is a classic risotto,  but that was fine with me. The shrimp were sautéed and not overcooked,  but would have been much better if they had been seared.Only been here 10 minutes and already a bad experience. Brought my family and some out-of-town friends in for brunch. Tables open  right at the window to watch the parade while having brunch. We're told the table is not available though no one has been seated there.for 10 min.  Additionally, it's breakfast brunch and they're out of pancakes, milk, and have been waiting for creamer for coffee for five minutes.  HorribleWent there for a Sunday dinner with the family. We made reservations and was seated accordingly. Atmosphere and decor are lovely and warm. When we were seated, a server pour a glass of water(tap) for each guest. The glass bottle to refill water looked like it was recycled and reused from a wine bottle. Water looked cloudy.  After being seated we waited for about 5 mins until our server came by to ask for drinks. At the same time we order appetizers: 2 dozens raw oysters, 2 angels on horseback, 1 oyster superior,sensation salad, crawfish cornbread, gumbo, and crawfish corn bisque. 
Waited what seems like eternity for appts to arrive at table. The raw oysters were wonderful. But disappointed on the other two. Angels on horseback, 5 small pieces $10.95. Tasted good at first bite until I bit on a piece of small oyster shell. Oyster superior was same way. Crawfish cornbread was very delicious. Sweet and zesty, loved the sauce that was on it. Totally recommend this dish. My dad enjoyed his gumbo (huge). My mom also enjoyed her crawfish corn bisque, although I only see corn in her soup but no crawfish tails. Must have been chopped finely? My brother had the salad which he enjoyed as well (big salad only $3.95).
We then ordered entrees: shrimp&grits, seafood pasta, salmon lafitte, and seared scallops. Although the oysters were a disappointment, the entrees was a delight. We all enjoyed our entrees which were tasty, flavorful, and well portioned. My sister especially loved her salmon lafitte (recommended). 
Our server was attentive but a bit clumsy. Dropped two of our forks and knock over the glass water bottle while pre-bussing.
Overall, I give this place 3-stars for good entrees and average service. But if you're looking for great oysters, go to Drago's instead. I probably won't be coming back here to eat. Food was good but way overpriced compared to other upscale restaurants.We visited Superior Seafood on 07/16/2016. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G for lack of a better term. This was BY FAR my best dine in experience that I have had in a quite some time. The food was seasoned well, and portioned well. Our server was amazing, he was the best thing since slice bread. I detest that I forgot his name, but he has this nice monopoly mustache if that helps. This one guy should be the blueprint of what represents quality customer service.I would return here. Ok, so you're in New Orleans, and maybe superior isn't the most original place, and sure, it doesn't have the most amazing food, but this place was carried into a 4 star rating through one thing alone.
Service: acceptable. Nothing amazing, but did her job and I was happy with it.
Main dishes: mediocre. To be fair, some of the other stuff looked amazing, but I wasn't super hungry, so I got salmon dip and the gumbo. The salmon dip was an appetizer and would have been better as such. I literally got 1 shrimp in my gumbo. What is that? Who does that to a person? You're gonna up sell your gumbo and then leave me with one single shrimp? For shame.
Also, they never gave us bread. That's a killer. Every other table got bread. Our waitress forgot. Ok. Fair enough. It happens, but that doesn't excuse it entirely.
At this point, the restaurant is at like 2 stars, do not return. But the dessert? The carrot cake? Oh my word. Fantastic. Absolutely worth a star by itself. So you're at a low 3, probably don't go back because who goes into a restaurant purely for a dessert and then leaves? (Me, but that's beside the point)
Ok. So I gotta admit, I skipped something. The oysters. The baked oysters. They are the great redeemer. Those baked oysters... I have no words. They were absolutely fantastic, and if you go here, get them. Totally worth it. They took this restaurant from a 2.9 to a 4.2. 4.2/5 would bang.Nice and pleasant setting outside. Food was uneven and the service was very slow.  I had a $12 French starter salad which included 3 microscopic pieces of prosciutto.   The bisque was so-so, but the pasta was outstanding.Disappointed!!!!! Almost $100.00 for 3. I don't mind paying good money for GOOD food but come on....who cant cook grilled chicken? If i had wanted jerky i could have found a bukees!  The appetizer was good, the small dinner salad was really good but the main meal was a JOKE!  I will NEVER go back. Had my waiter asked or even seemed concerned why I only took a few bites i may had given it a second try. BUT NOPE......and the tea had a crazy flavored taste even though it was regular. Bathrooms were very clean and very cool......liked the decor( sink was neat)!Our family had brunch here on Sunday morning of the All-Star game.  It was exceptionally busy due to the parade.  Obviously they are prepared for this craziness.  The food was overall good.  The frozen mimosas were the highlight, though.  I would go back just for those!It's okay, but wouldn't go out of my way to eat here as there are plenty of places equal to this. I did like the chargrilled oysters though and the cocktails were strong.The food was delicious and portions were great. I'd never had fried green tomatoes til this place and now I'm hooked. It's a little loud though; couldn't hear the person next to me unless he spoke loudly and I focused.This place straight up has really good food and I'm not talking about only their seafood but everything on their menu. It's a bit pricy but you definitely get what you are paying for in terms of quality and portion size. Also, happy hour for house wines and frozen drinks are daily till 6:30 pm! If you like mojitos definitely try their frozen raspberry mojito on their cocktail menu. It was delicious. Can't say enough about the quality of food and service at this restaurant, definitely a go-to.Nice location and ambiance. My server was really attentive. The chargrilled oysters didn't really have a taste. I had to drown them with hot sauce. The frozen mimosas were a hit. Valet parking is a plus too. Overall my food was just ok nothing specialThis review is for the happy hour only, and then specifically the oyster happy hour. As far (oyster) happy hours go this is definitely one of my favorites in the few days that I visited New Orleans. The highlights:
- The oysters are $0,50 a piece during happy hour
- Draft beers half price
- French 75 and Mojito's: you get a large one for the price of a normal one. So not really buy 1 get 1 as it's advertised. But who cares
- The bill we got at the end for cocktails, oysters, and crawfish was horrendously low  
In general, I would consider this a bit of a genteel atmosphere but maybe that's because of the Parisian bistro they are trying to emulate (think Balthazar in New York) with the white marble tiles and large mirrors on the wall. 
I have heard mixed things about the regular menu but definitely go for the oysters and cocktails. It seems like a pretty popular happy hour.Looks will only get you so far. I'd rather date someone with personality and it decent-looking than a super hot guy with no brains and that I have to look after 24/7. Uh-ah... don't think so. 
So, the fact that valet in complimentary is nice. It's obvious parking can be an issue, so that goes to show me that they are interested in customer satisfaction. The hostesses were very friendly, and the guy at the valet left his spot to open the door for me (sweet!). We were seated and greeted quickly. Absolutely nothing wrong with the service.... everyone was polite and helpful. 
We ordered a 1/2 dozen chargrilled oysters, a cup of gumbo soup, the seafood salad, and the vieux carre pasta. Here's the problem with these restaurants - all of Copeland's restaurants included - the dishes are too damn rich! I swear, you could have added a whole pound of plain pasta to our vieux carre pasta dish and it would have tasted even better. That was the only dish we ordered like that, but I'm pretty sure the majority of the dishes would be that way. Its precisely because of experiences like this that I order my pasta with the sauce on the side whenever possible because I'm tired of having pasta soup. I just want enough sauce to add flavor... I don't want my pasta swimming in it!
Another point that is probably irrelevant is that my mom was in one of the crappiest moods every and was acting not only weird and moody but rude.... I think it's menopause. But whatever the reason maybe, it made my experience less pleasant. I almost felt bad for our server because every time she came to ask us if we were doing okay she wouldn't say anything or ever acknowledge her, which I think is very rude. If someone asks me a question and is talking to me, I give them eye contact and answer. I know better. So, if our server is reading this, I'M SORRY! 
If I get a chance to come back, I'll update my review and order something different.Streetcar stops in front of it.:) which is very convenient 
High end restaurant. Good service. Good food. Goos price good portions. The shrimp pasta wasnt overwhelming. Loved it. The blackened catfish by itself was a bit on the salty side but combined with everything else - sauce, corn, mashed potato - it's pretty good.Great creole seafood in the Garden District.  We had grilled oysters, a shrimp Po-Boy and seafood gumbo, crawfish Mac n Cheese, and the blackened fish covered in etoufee.  All outstanding.  Great service too.I have heard a lot about this place and I was finally able to visit. I will say that I was very underwhelmed. There are so many delicious restaurants in NOLA but this wasn't worth all of the hype. Don't get me wrong the good was tasty but I've had better. 
I had the blackened catfish, it was tasty.
My significant other had the bbq shrimp. The sauce didn't not wow me. I had BBQ shrimp at the Blue Crab and it blew my socks off but here at Superior it lacked something that I just can't put my finger on.
I ordered the crab cake and crawfish cornbread as an appetizer and they were both really tasty. I didn't know what to expect but I enjoyed both. 
A friend order a shrimp po' boy and fries and the dish was cold. We were given a little slack from the manager but he eventually took the meal off of the bill and gave my friend a free dessert instead. 
Overall this place was just okay. I rather go further out in NOLA and go to the Blue Crab when I return to the city.Simply amazing.  The food was delicious. (Oysters) drinks on point.  most importantly our waitress RYAN... she was a beast. Polite, always smiling, etiquette  knowledge of menu worked her section better than Golden state warriors shooting 3's...We came in for dinner after struggling to agree on something for dinner. After looking on yelp for reviews and let's face it, somewhere open on Sunday evening, we landed here. We were seated in the outer portion of the restaurant which I must say was much nicer than the inner section. There are TVs everywhere allowing us to watch the Lyons Dallas game. We ordered the oysters superior which was delicious. The fried green tomatoes were kind of firm, like very firm and there was hardly any crabmeat on the tomatoes so if you are expecting to have a decent amount of jumbo lump crap, it seemed more like a garnish. 
We were seated at 1730 and some time after ordering(BBQ for myself), the waitress comes back to let us know they were sold out of the dish. I kind of expected to hear about that in the specials and I was significantly disappointed since this was most of the reason I came and settled here since we would all be content with something off the menu. We didn't find this out until after 10 minutes of ordering so it was more surprising to here it then. 
The redfish dish that I created us was pretty decent though. It was definitely nothing to write home about but it was ok.Really good food. I arrived like an hour before close in the middle of the week. But everything was still yummy. I can tell the staff was so ready to go home though.Great happy hour!  The chargrilled oysters were pretty good and so was the blackened catfish!  The food was delish!  And $3 glasses of wine and 2 for 1 frozen mojitos were on point!
This gem is out of the hustle and bustle of the French quarter and central business district.  A a short 20 minute ride on the street car will take you right to the doorstep.  The restaurant is more quiet allowing for a more intimate setting.  You can actually talk to your table mate without having to  scream.  And there was a pianist playing a little jazz.  Perfect setting.
I'll definitely be back soon for brunch!
If you're in NO ... check it out!The restaurant is beautiful.Superior Seafood & Oyster Bar is our go to restaurant in our neighborhood.The oysters are fresh and some of the best we've had in New Orleans.It's a bit pricey but the experience is awesome.YUMM!Superior Seafood is the quintessential New Orleans seafood experience. An upscale yet casual and local option with a great variety of fresh and inspired dishes. As an appetizer, one can't pass the fried alligator with house sauce. I highly recommend the Shrimp Andouille Brochette; its grilled bacon flavor lent itself well to the perfectly cooked shellfish filled with cheese and andouille. My wife enjoyed the Pasta Vieux Carre, and our dinner guests ordered the Pasta del Mar...entrees well worth the indulgence. Our server was courteous, knowledgeable and attentive. A great experience and an even better meal.Great Atmosphere/ Great Service.
-Catfish Napoleon - SUPER GOOD!
-Sazerac - solid
-Bread Pudding - Yummy!
Enjoyable experience overall, especially if you want some modern Cajun food outside the French Quarter.Superior Seafood & Oyster Bar
4338 St Charles Ave, New Orleans, LA 70115
http://goo.gl/maps/iaxwk
We stopped in on a rainy Sunday afternoon and found ourselves sitting at the oyster bar and dang the luck if it wasn't happy hour! We had dinner reservations so we didn't want to ruin our appetites so we only had oysters on the half shell and a dozen of the chargrilled. Very close to dragos I must say. at any rate our shucker George was super friendly and didn't really know how to count.  The drinks were cold, oysters were delish and the service was good. 
Urban CowgillThe design of this place reminds me very much of another restaurant in the Quarter but much larger. I didnt like that table was covered in papercloth? In the main area of the dining room the lighting fixtures seemed very boring looking.
The food we got two appetizers the crawfish cornbread and the potato chip and blue cheese dip surprisingly the chips were better than the cornbread. My sister got the shrimp and grits which she loved. I got the tchoupitoulas chicken it was moist but the crawfish tasso cream sauce on top wasnt as satisfying.
The complimentary chocolate cake which taste more like a dark chocolate mousse was so good worth every bite :-)
Im not sure if i would be back cuz the noise level was too much for me.Always eat there when I'm in NOLA!   the frozen mimosas!  The scallops and pesto shrimp risotto are amazing!Second time dining here was for lunch.  They have a drink special menu during lunch hours. Select drinks are $5. I had the blueberry mojito and a strawberry basil mojito. Both were delicious but the strawberry one was awesome. I don't think its on their normal drink menu. I'm not sure if they'd make it anytime. So get it if they have it.
The tuna burger was unimpressive. Chunks of tuna formed into a patty had an odd color, texture and bland taste. I asked and apparently the tuna is brown from the marinade. The Wasabi sauce was overwhelming, it would have been better without it.  The fries are limp and soggy. I wouldn't get this burger again. The chicken Tchopitoulas was very good. I'd recommend it.
Another thing not advertised on their website is $1 bread pudding during lunch!!! Did you hear me people??? ONE DOLLAR! The waiter mentioned it was a dollar and although we were stuffed, it was only a dollar so we got it. I soon wished I had started with dessert. The bread pudding was moist but not wet or soggy, full of cinnamon, and ontop of a delicatly sweet sauce.  We ate every last bite.Came to dinner on a Wednesday night here kicking off a weekend with friends in New Orleans. We stayed off Magazine Street, and the area is a bit pricey as far as food is concerned. We wanted something a little more laid back for our first night in town, and I was honestly worried SS&OB would be too trappy (as in tourist-trappy) but I was extremely pleasantly surprised.
We looked at a couple of higher-end places nearby, but with such small menus and high prices, we were worried not everyone in our group would be satisfied. I would hate to drag a friend to a $30 per plate dinner to have them NOT be able to find something they want!
The place is super cute and feels casual yet dressed up at the same time. It kind of reminds me of an Italian restaurant with the dark wood and vintage tile floors. Anyway you put it, the ambiance is nice. We were seated on the porch area which was nice, dark, and intimate feeling.
We started with some AMAZING cocktails. I had the Frozen French 75 and my gal pal had the Frozen Mimosa. Of course you have to start out with frozen drinks in New Orleans! They were both good but I really loved mine (and I hate gin). The boyfriend got two other drinks that were absolutely delicious but I can't remember what they were. Many of the cocktail items come with delicious fresh MINT that just makes you think, yes, I am in the south on the porch enjoying a cocktail! Next we got Mint Juleps that were strong and delicious.
The food was also great, especially for something that I thought would be too chain-y at first. The boys got fried oyster poboys that were delicious. I got a shrimp salad - shrimp grilled to perfection and a healthy portion. You won't leave this place hungry. My other friend got the Pasta Vieux Carre which was also great and loaded with seafood. Just a huge, ridiculous amount of pasta here. It was a touch spicy but very good.
I would definitely return, and most importantly I would definitely recommend this place to a friend!The shrimp and grits are savory with a cheesy taste. The oysters are fresh. Service was excellent.This place came recommended to us by a former employee and we are so glad we went. Their fish is amazingly prepared and their sides were some of the best I've had. Highly recommend their mash potatoes. And surprisingly their lamb lollipops were out of this world. Our 7 year old asked for a plate of them for dessert.When you see the menu and you can order a carafe of white wine for just $18, that makes you happier from the beginning. Not to mention that the white wine was delicious (it was the first one in the menu). Could this be better? YES! Since it was LSU game night, they have happy our, and all wines were half price! YES YES! My girlfriend and I closed the restaurant, after several carafes. In addition, we had a excellent salad with shrimps, and the simply grilled fish that was perfect for us after a couple of days eating cajun/creole food. SUPERIOR! And order asparagus and french fries. The waitress was so nice, and the cost, less than $60. Fun and yummy night in St. Charles Avenue, in the middle of a cute neighborhood. I will repeat this place for sure.I am going to keep this simple, this place is amazing. The food, the service, everything. It was so good we came back from the night before. The shrimp and grits were the perfect combo. The grilled oysters were my favorite. The atmosphere is also really good. Enough tvs to keep up with the games hat are going. Only annoyance is the construction that is going on if you are sitting outside, but doesn't take away from the experience.Made a reservation for 20, when we arrived they only were able to accommodate 13 of us. The other 7 of us were waiting 40 minutes to be seated. The waiter had a bit of an attitude and they messed up multiple orders. Only giving it 2 stars because the food's pretty good.We had our rehearsal dinner at superior seafood and the private party area was very nice! The food was delicious and the staff was spot on. I don't think I saw anyone with an empty drink the entire night and we had a very large party! They even made the planning process very easy for us as they had many packages to choose from. On top of it all they were extremely reasonable! Would definitely recommend!Excellent food and service....not sure why there are only 4 stars. Bloody Mary's..yummy. shrimp and grits....tasty....not too fancy...just right. Charboiled oysters....sooo good and the fresh warm bread a winner. My husband had the Napoleon ( blackened fish with crawfish etoufee  on top, whipped mashed potatoes and corn) he loved that as well. We will be back on our next visit.
HelenaExcellent happy hour to start an evening!  We accidentally went to Superior Grill, but figured it out soon enough to jump back in the street car the extra 6 or so blocks and were rewarded with 50 cent oysters!  This place is not to be missed!Went with a group of 12 people. The restaurant  was appropriately staffed for the occasion.  We ordered our entrees and the waiter informed us about the house salad. We were sitting for 40 minutes then our entrees arrived. No salad. The waiter, Jacob, said that this restaurant provides salads "at the end of the dinner because it's an Italian tradition."  I think he just forgot to bring them out. We went with a NOLA native who informed us that what he was saying was incorrect. While I understand being busy, I don't understand why you have to lie about the salads. Just say you forgot, rather than making up a restaurant "tradition".  Don't insult my intelligence over a salad. Please.Excellent food and service. I'm from NOLA and my expectations about the taste of food go beyond the bacon and butter smothering. The menu is decent but not extensive; steaks, salads, seafood, pasta and dessert. The prices are a bit high for the appetizers: 10-15$ each, but we had four and all were delicious. 
With regard to the entrees, the veggies were cooked perfectly; not too crunchy/raw and not turned to mush. The flavors were distinctive and not overly heavy (although there was a fair amount of buttery/lardy undercurrent because this is after all NOLA). The dining area is divided into three sections; the bar area, the main dining area and the side dining area. The lighting is dim but not intimate/romantically so; the acoustics are a bit loud and there are TVs dispersed throughout giving it a vaguely sports-bar feel which takes away from the dim, cozy, dark-wood feel of the place. 
The service (Sunday night around 8pm) was excellent and in particular our waitress, Samantha, was genuine, attentive, but not overbearing - basically nice and there when we needed her. 
The only drawback is the limited choices for vegetarians - side-dishes only. I'll definitely go back and I'll recommend it to friends - locals and tourists alike.Great location! Valet parking was wonderful for this area.  The most amazing frozen mojitos ever and the menu selection was great.  A choice spot for a group birthday celebration... They even deliver your cake!no disappointments from this NOLA fav!So we were in town on vacation and choose this place because our daughter cannot eat gluten and this was the number 1 recommended place for gluten free because its big menu.
The good news is our daughter loved her meal.  As for the rest of us, it was barely average.
The chargrilled oysters were burnt and tasted like gas char??  The bacon wrapped scallops were good but the bacon had a gas taste??? flavor to it.
The bbq shrimp meal was awful.  it was hard to peal because they were overcooked.  The shrimp were so mushy, they were awful.
The kids meal burger was so charred that my child wouldn't eat it.  I tasted a bite and it was crunchy, burnt.  Her french fries were mushy.
The fish of the day was average, the bottom was burned and the asparagus and Brussel sprouts were cold with a hot piece of fish.  The brussel sprouts served cold were mushy and the asparagus was so crunchy and stringy - I had to spit them in a napkin.
The salmon on the mushroom risotto was the only winner for entrees. 
$180 for this gift to a restaurant we won't be returning to ever again in less it it gluten free take out.
I gave it two stars because of excellent service and and my daughter really enjoyed her gluten free meal.Sunday brunch in New Orleans is a bit of an ordeal, to put it lightly.  Most of the more well known brunch spots fill up rather early on in the day so we were tasked with pinning down a brunching spot that met our time crunch criteria.  While a handful of other places quoted an hour and half or even flat out refused to give a time over the phone (geeze, fine then!), Superior Seafood had plenty of space for us.
We arrive to a mostly empty restaurant (the place is massive, to its credit), but the service was still somewhat leisurely doled out.  Typical NOLA!  There is of course nothing vegan suitable here, except the bowl of fruit, which was meager and mostly cantaloupes, but that's what I was expecting.  My friends, however, all really seem to enjoy their selections.  I was quite envious of all the $3 frozen and $4 mimosas they were able to enjoy, I abstained due to the upcoming drive back to Houston (my sober driving skills have been described as "questionable," so yeah, declining the delicious drinks all because of my public safety concerns, how swell am I?!).
I did notice than this place seems to be popular with the elderly crowd, which I kind of think is adorable.  I suppose because it's quieter here and it has a bit of a sophisticated feel.  I wonder if this place gets packed at all since it's pretty darn massive.  
Anyway, if you're seeking a brunch spot because all the other places require extensive waits and you like seafood - might want to hit this place up.Went here for my friends birthday and they were very accommodating for a big group! I'm not big on seafood but they had a lot of great and different options. Personal favorite is the bread they serve you. They offer some nice little drink specials as well depending on the day. It does seem to get very busy so make a reservation or be prepared to wait.Never spent so much money on a meal but most of it was worth it .way too much bread for the Pinot , great oysters , good seafood gumbo overall I enjoyed itWe were on a street car just looking at the beautiful architecture when someone called out, "Superior Seafood famous shrimp Poboy!" Our stomachs started growling then so we decided to get off and try this place. 
Everything was so delicious! The shrimp po boy was good, but I think the chargrilled oysters were amazing!! I also got the Napoleon black fish which was also amazing. 
I loved the live music and the service was wonderful. We sat on the patio, listened to some live jazz and truly enjoyed our wine and food. What a great experience!Great food, atmosphere and prices! Pear Salad and Grilled Salmon with veggies. Both excellent choices.Visited 10/25/16 for dinner 
This was a quick dinner because we had some fried chicken at Neyows around 1:30, so we weren't all that hungry... but we were in New Orleans so 'ya gotta eat!' 
The best raw oysters so far... and at HAPPY HOUR!  Oysters were half priced until 6:30pm
My wife had mac and cheese with crawfish. Pretty yummy, although she felt the pasta was just a bit too well done. 
I had a bowl of gumbo which was pretty good too, if a bit thick. I found out after going to the New Orleans School of Cooking how to make gumbo and what they made for us there was much more soup like (thinner) than what I ate here. However, we were told that the longer the gumbo sits and simmers, the thicker it will become. That plus adding too much okra can cause it to thicken too much too. Still... I like the gumbo here... alot. Thick or thin.I've been to this place countless times over the years. Consistently great food and service....and happy hours. It's a friendly atmosphere with some live music playing in the late evenings. You can go in wearing shorts and a tee or business casual and never feel out of place. 
Try any of the of local fares from gumbo to red fish and you won't go wrong. 
The tuna tartar is fresh with great tasting Asian flavors!
Also hit up their happy hour for the frozen French 75 and oysters!
AND they also have a bomb-ass flowerless chocolate cake! 
Done. Go try them.This is my second time here, and as a vegetarian they have been super accommodating and the food has been Excellent!! The tchoptitoulas chicken and seafood chicken were perfect according to my friends. Ask for Fernando, He's a amazing server.The oyster here is so fresh and delicious. I will be comming every time I back to NOLA!My fiancée and I stumbled upon Superior Seafood a few weeks ago. We had planned to grab lunch on St. Charles and take the streetcar downtown, and I had been craving charbroiled oysters. WORST IDEA EVER! We walk into the restaurant with high hopes, since we are very fond of its sister establishment, Superior Grill. However, the hostess is taking a personal phone call AT the hostess station, and does not even acknowledge us for a good 3-4 minutes, even though we are facing each other. That encounter set the mood for the rest of our meal. I was livid. I mustered up enough courage to complain to the manager, who stated he would have a word with the girl. Next, our oysters came out... They were alright but nowhere near the level I was expecting. And our entrees were terrible. We will not be back. They should put their priorities in order and invest in waiters and hostesses with experience rather than employ college kids who don't care about the level of service they are providing!This place is incredible. Service is impeccable. The char-broiled oysters are out of this world! You're paying top dollar, but you seriously get what you pay for. We came here to celebrate my 24th birthday while on vacation in NOLA. Our Airbnb hosts strongly recommended this place and I'm so glad we took the suggestion seriously! It was my first time trying oysters in general and I wanted to really taste what this city had to offer, so of course I came for the seafood. We had 3 different kinds of oysters: angels on hasselback (wrapped in bacon, OMG SO GOOD), the char-broiled (my personal fave) and my boyfriend opted in for the raw because it was happy hour and we got a set of 6 for $3! The crawfish cornbread as an appetizer was also delish! My stomach left feeling so happy!The biggest, freshest most delicious oysters we've had here in New Orleans. We've been on an oyster binge for the past 6 days and Superior had the best by far. We had the raw oysters and angels on horseback... OMG!!! Deeelish!!!. We also had the crawfish cornbread which is also a must for appetizer.I love this place , fantastic food and great service. Everything you would want in a dining experienceMy wife and I could not wait until Superior Seafood finally opened. We dine out 5 times per week and usually take the street car to the Quarter as there are many eateries to choose from that serve fish. To our delight, the food and service was excellent at Superior Seafood. We have been there several times and will continue to frequent this restaurant for many reasons including the fact that it is within walking distance from our home. I am pre-diabetic and cannot eat starches or fried food. The servers and cooks understand this and have my fish grilled in olive oil with no sauce and green veggies substituted for potatoes. An excellent dinner salad is also included with any entree. You can't help but like a restaurant that will do this for you. As far as an earlier review that said salt was used to an extreme, I have never experienced this and if it ever happens, one should mention this before ordering your second dish and not just sit there and say nothing. We like eating  in the bar area and enjoy the Happy Hour M-Sun from 4-630PM when their house wine which is very good is $9 for a full carafe. They also have a late night Happy Hour which I believe is Tu-Sat 10PM-CC. We have met all the managers who are extremely friendly and accommodating. This is an excellent restaurant with affordable prices for everyone's pocketbook .Great Spot. Enjoyed every last morsel. My friend ordered the Shrimp, which was stuffed with sausage and wrapped in bacon .... Sounds magical ... I on the other hand, tried the Cajun Snapper topped with lemon caper crab !! Nom Nom... I'm from the greater ny area- so prices were comparable.Delicious dinner! Last minute reservation and we were seated immediately...on a Saturday night. HIGHLY recommend reservations unless you're ok with hanging at the bar (which isn't the worst thing). Joe was our waiter, friendly and knowledgeable and very accommodating with drink suggestions and samples. Appetizers came quickly however when the gumbo wasn't up to par, joe immediately took care of it. The alligator was delicious! Our entrees were fish, filet mignon, scallops and seafood pasta...all were fabulous. The crawfish risotto...yum!! Off the beaten path, not the Bourbon St crowd and well worth it!from start to finish this is a gem of the crescent city. 
the wait staff were prompt, attentive and friendly. their knowledge of the menus as well as general information related to creole and Cajun cuisine was delightfully helpful in selecting what food to dine on for dinner.
although pretty basic, the bread was too soft, warm and fluffy not be included in the daily calorie count (yummy point #1)
I thought it was strange that they brought out my side dish with our appetizes of oysters and crawfish but we ate it either way. the spinach itself was too basic, under seasoned (I am used to garlic and spinach always) but heavily salted.  The oysters were delightful. not sure where they were from but they were a lot less brimey than those we recently had at luke a few days prior.  although its the start of crawfish season, the ones we had were a lil small but still delicious and wonderfully spiced.  a lil kick with each bite and suck, I wish they had a hand out on how to eat them correctly. 
for main dishes I had the fried green tomatoes topped with crabmeat and my mother had shrimp and grits. her grits were pretty watery compared to what is the norm for nawlins and the fried green tomatoes were once again under seasoned (perhaps more sauce on the top) compared to the awesome ones I've had to Elizabeth's in the Bywater area .
the phenomenal bar list, service, and overall quality of the food makes this place earn its stars and stripes in my book!!Customer dinner. My guests enjoyed every plate presented. Woo hoo. Crawfish cornbread is A M A Z I N G. and the charbroiled oysters are the bomb.My girlfriend, roommate, and I came here for my last night in town for a while.  So we went all out.
We got there with 30 minutes left in Happy Hour, so we took advantage of 2 for 1 Frozen Pomegranate Mojitos and 50 cent raw oysters.  The mojitos were very flavorful and the oysters were good clean raw oysters.
My girlfriend ordered the Tchoupitoulas Chicken and my roommate ordered the Shrimp and Grits, both of which came with a salad.  I ordered 1/2 an Angels on Horseback po-boy and char-grilled oysters.  The salads were your average dinner salad with a house dressing and feta.  The char-grilled oysters were perfectly good and had the perfect amount of butter, garlic, and cheese.
The main courses were all absolutely fantastic.  The chicken was served on whipped potatoes and asparagus and topped with swiss cheese.  And the shrimp and grits has excellent flavor.  My po-boy was to die for.  The bacon-wrapped fried oysters were heavenly, and I could've eaten just two dozen of those.  The fries that came with it were fantastic as well - crispy and well-seasoned.  
Of course we all got dessert.  My girlfriend got the creme brulee - her favorite.  My roommate got the pumpkin spice bread pudding, which was DELICIOUS.  I got the profiteroles, which were garnished with chocolate ganache; and I thoroughly enjoyed them.
For as much as we got, the price was not bad at all. Well worth what we paid.
All in all, we all loved our meal and will definitely be back.We are visiting from Florida. After a long day at the zoo, I took my family of 5 here. My wife and I both had cocktails, which were great. I had an Old Fashioned and she had the the Froze. 1775 (I think).  We had a dozen oysters (only 6.00 on happy hour) and the gumbo. Both were excellent. The gumbo had a rich complex flavor and the oysters were super fresh but a little shelly. For an entree, we split the Shrimp and Grits. Again, very delicious. Kids had the burger. They were satisfied. 
Great location on St. Charles with the street cars passing by and a piano player.  Restaurant is beautiful and definitely "NOLA."  would definitely return.What a find!
We were on the St Charles street car mid-day in the summer and saw an advertisement...and low and behold it was in front of us at the corner.  We jumped off to cool down.   We had a dozen oysters and 2 cold Abita's beers at the Oyster Bar.....fire roasted perfection.  Buttery, garlicy...served with a loaf hot crusty bread to get every drop of the juices.
If you are riding up to the Garden district this is a perfect on/off street car stop...PERFECT!We came here recently on a trip to New Orleans for Sunday Brunch and were pretty disappointed. All of our food was lukewarm or cold upon arrival - we ate it anyways, because we were super hungry, but it was a solidly underwhelming experience compared with the reviews. Seems more like a tourist trap than an actual fine dining establishment. 
However I'm about 90% sure that they gave us food poisoning - as both my partner and I've been dealing with very upset stomachs since we ate there. Possibly due to the improper serving temperature of the food. 
Skip this place if you can, there are much better (and cheaper) restaurants in the area. Tho, if you absolutely must come here - go for brunch as the prices are much more reasonable.Second time there and remains one of our favorites... The charbroiled oyster are the best we've tasted in town. Entrees were great also.... Huge plate of shrimp (not deveined which was sad) and grits, scallops were small though, but the red fish special made up for it. 
Service was good. All in all, will go back for the delectable food.This was my first time to superior seafood and oyster bar.  Unfortunately,  I was very disappointed. The service was slow.  We ordered an appetizer that never made it to the table.   And finally when our entrees came out, it was cold!!   The seafood gumbo lacked seafood and our drinks were never refilled.  I was also turned off by the flies in the rest.  Overall,  I was not satisfied and wanted to throw up when I left.  I will not be returning!!I had the catch of the day (drum fish), which was pan fried over a bed of kale and cherry tomatoes and cauliflower puree. It was simply divine. All the right flavors, not too bold. The natural flavors spoke for themselves. The drinks there are also great! Fancy food without the attitude you tend to get from restaurants that take themselves too seriously.Try the French 75 salad! Friend green tomatoes were good, but had very little crab meat topping.Stopped here after the zoo( very close) on our way out of NOLA and was a great choice. Really clean and food and service was great. Not over priced from the look of the restaurant and selection of foods. Had a dozen oysters on 1/2 shell, wife had shrimp po boy and or 2 year old had a cheese burger ( no cheese came on it ) but they did bring some on my request and I chose for them to leave it on the table. Had bread pudding for dessert ( I'm not a fan of it ) but this was warm and delicious. And 2$ at lunch. Tab with tip was 57$. I'm a chef by profession and and I will come back when in NO next time.Absolutely fantastic.  We ordered raw oysters, grilled oysters, crawfish, wine, and the bisque.  Everything was fantastic!  The server even surprised our friend with a birthday cake slice when he noticed his birthday on his ID card!  We will be back!So it was WAY overpriced, and the food was pretty bad. I had the charbroiled oysters, which were pretty damn salty and oily and they only brought out three pieces of bread witfor 12 oysters. Then I had the salad, which tasted like some leftover lettuce from a hospital cafeteria. AND THEN came my 10 ounce steak with pomme frites, which was really, a burnt piece of black rock without any seasoning in some bites and then over seasoning in others. The fries were soft and oily and tasted like burnt wood. 
this place sucked, save your money and move along.Wonderful meal. Told by two native NOLA's to eat there. Service and staff the best!  Food even better. Dozen Chargrilled oysters were eaten in seconds alongside the crab cake appetizers.  For our mains we had seafood risotto, filet mignon, and pasta seafood.  All dishes were done impeccably and fresh as well as great presentation.  All were eaten to empty plate. But by far the best part of the meal were the desserts of bread pudding and carrot cake. Just melts in your mouth. Make sure to leave room for dessert or you'll be sad like the table next to us who watched us eat in glory.came for a dozen happy hour oysters and the oysters were very large and fresh! wasnt sure what to expect for 50 cent oysters but I was pleasantly surprised.This place lives up to its name, Superior! They have daily happy hour oysters at 50 cents a piece, and 1/2 priced bottles of wine, along with 2-4-1 frozen drinks, $3 house wine & $3 drafts. We ordered the superior oysters & they were excellent, they were also BIG. For dinner we had the shrimp risotto, scallops & pasta del mer. All 3 entrees were 5 stars. There's a piano man that plays throughout dinner & it added a nice ambience to the restaurant. Brandon was our server & he was great. Overall, wonderful experience. If I lived here, I would be here often for the happy hour oysters & drinks weekly! 
.
.
.
.
.
.
Recent update... the oysters & the food was so good, we came back the next night! MUST TRY the crawfish Mac & cheese. It's creamy, flavorful & filling! I wanted seconds but had to save room for 50 cent oysters & a shrimp po boy. Alexander was our server tonight & he was excellent. 5 stars & he was so charismatic. Thomas was the manager on duty and he made a special visit to our table. He told us all about the restaurant & answered any questions we had. The staff is so friendly, and that really makes you feel like more than just a customer. Once again, the oysters were phenomenal & BIG.Great atmosphere
Excellent service
Kids and parents loved it
True reflection of Cajun and new orleans flavor
Will definitely returnTerrible experience. Worst Chardonnay​ I have ever tasted. The fish​ sandwich was missing the sauce described on the menu and came later than everyone else's meal. My sister ordered drum, which was inedible due to too much salt and spice. Tuna on the salad was seared, but the waitress said it was like sushi. It too​ was over spiced. Although my sister asked to have her meal returned after one bite, we still​ had to request for the waitress to remove it from the bill. Despite discussing all of the above with the manager, nothing was offered to compensate. In fact, he agreed the wine is awful. Don't waste your money here. The prices are not cheap and it is pretty crappy.great grilled oysters and outgoing bartenders... Rowland over-confident thoughLove the vibe here. The food is also really yummy.  I have no complaints whatsoever.  I watched the superbowl here and the place is decked out with televisions.50 cent oysters at happy hour!!! unbelievable! a clean and classy interior (reminded me of pappadeaux) with friendly and fast service.
The oysters were insanely fresh and served with plenty of the usual garnishes. Frozen margaritas are also very good. Came with yummy bread to share with the table and plenty of saltine crackers if you're into that.
debated on going here or blind pelican (ended up going to both lmao) but this place is seriously much much better than pelican; indoor cooled seating, FRESH oysters (not gritty like pelican's) and great service.I have loved this restaurant every visit to New Orleans! 5-6 x's a year and this is always a spot! 
Unfortunately, this time around Was a huge disappointment. I ordered Chargrilled Oysters, something I ALWAYS do, but this time I was served an oyster bed of cheese SAUCE! YUCK! And to our dismay, the MANAGER, Thomas Houston, would not make an attempt to correct this order. I have praised this restaurant for their chargrilled oysters and a simple fix to make a change to accomodate out of state customers was not attempted! That is a shame! The oysters were not as they usually are! It was different but Just a bunch of "this is not in our policy". So it's not in your policy to ensure your guests are completely satisfied? Saddned by his ability to handle a simple customer service issue! A little goes a long way! Other than that, food was exceptional! & so was our server Steven working overtime to undo the disappointment.I live pretty close and didn't really want to go because I felt like it was going to be an Applebee's type of situation but with New Orleans food. This is my third time trying ti and it really is pretty good, at least for brunch and happy hour oysters.
We came to watch the Saints game in the bar. There were plenty of TVs and you could see the game from everywhere. We actually left Bruno's to come here bc it was so smoky at Bruno's. It felt like there were a decent amount of tourist making watching the saints game there not as fun but even at Bruno's the game was only on like 3 TVs out of a ton and there were plenty of out of towners there watching other games. That being said, still looking for a non-smoky bar that serves decent food to watch games on Sundays with a local feel. This did a pretty good job and we will probably come back one more time before season is over.
I ordered the oysters benedict. It came with about 6 small fried oysters, 2 fried green tomatoes and hollandaise. no bread which is ok with me. stone ground grits which were good but not great. all for 13.95. probably would order again or recommend to someone
tried the spinach dip appetizer. liked the chips but nothing spectacular.
the burger looked dry and like it came out of the freezer pre-formed but again this is probably isn't the place i would come for a burger with company burger and high hat close by. 
i do like the fries. would order again.
my friend said the avocado omelet was ok.
We stuck around long enough and were there for happy hour which must be every day starting at 4 and we got 0.50 oysters. we ordered 2 dozen for $12. you can't beat that and they were pretty damn good. would definitely do this again.
Also they had drink specials for brunch. i had the frozen mimosa for $3 which I LOVED and will come by and defiinitely get it to go  in the future. It was up there with the frozen pimms cup from the st. laurence on decatur.
all in all will likely be back for brunch and happy hourWent here for a birthday dinner and had an excellent time! Started off with some of the frozen beverages, frozen pomegranate mojito & frozen champagne. Yum!! Then I tried the chargrilled oysters which were sooo delicious!! We tried 3 entrees and they were all delicious. The only thing I would pass on was the bisque. Our waiter was awesome! Wish I had the receipt so I could include his name. I will definitely be back!!Went here for my uncle's birthday party for the first time. Wasnt terribly impressed. The inside was spacious but didnt seem to match the food they were serving... also our waiter was not friendly at all and came off as a snob... when my cousin asked is she could have a po-boy for dinner she was told flat out no... without even asking the cook or trying to give her other options.. we told him it was my uncle's birthday he just kind of jeered at us (but later brought out a cake)... to be fair, we could tell the waiter for the table next to ours was spunky and fun so im sure the other waiters are good... I had the trace buffalo shrimp and with corn grits which was really good but definitely not 17 dollars good... you can pass on this oneAmazing happy hour!!! 50cent oysters on the half shell. Cannot. Beat. That. 
All the food we got was delicious and the service was wonderful. Highly recommend but get reservations!Amazing service! Food! Raw and chargrilled oysters, escargot were excellent!! Flavor in the shrimp and grits were best I've ever had but up the size of the shrimp just a touch please!! Crab bisque was delicious too!! We have 2 more days in NOLA, and we're gonna go back before we leave!! Our server Michael is the best in town!!Our first time here and it is excellent!!! We came during happy hour and frozen drinks were 2 for 1' $3 wine and beer.  We had the scallops and blacken catfish Napoleon for dinner.  Everything was delicious!!! Highly recommend and we will definitely be back!Stopped in for Sunday afternoon brunch with a small group.  The waiter was rather brusque, but did provide place mats and crayons for the kids in the party which was appreciated.  My Belgian waffle was a little on the soggy and bland side while the char-grilled oysters were good, as was the Tchoupitoulas Chicken.  I gave a thumbs down to my profiteroles that I had for dessert which were filled with ice-cream instead of custard and had a COLD chocolate sauce poured over them.  Sadface.  
Of note, I would recommend going earlier in the afternoon rather than later.  We were there just before brunch service ended and were subjected to some loud resetting of tables for the evening service which was loud, annoying and poor customer service.They need to get it together! Such a bummer bc they could be great, but their food felt like it was mass prepared like an Applebee's or something. I love the look of the place and the bar is lovely, but it took forever to get our sub par food... One of the dishes having a long brown hair in it.
We were really patient, as thy said they didn't expect to be slammed... The week of NYE & the Sugar Bowl... Really? Our poor waiter was just running around apologizing to everyone. 
When we let them know we wanted them to take away the dish w the hair in it, they did, but no one really apologized. When the manager came to our table, he asked my husband if it was hair or shrimp... Huh? Like how can those two be confused? They didn't even comp us anything, just took the price of the hair shrimp off. 
Such a waist of a meal with so many fabulous restaurants in this city.Take a ride on the streetcar far from Bourbon Street and totally lose yourself in the delicious options available here. Everything was WOW. We had the charbroiled oysters, shrimp and grits and a grilled fish meal. All of it was the perfect temp, perfectly timed and perfectly prepared.  I've never tasted heavenly grits like the ones on my plate at Superior Seafood. Be prepared to wait a bit so make sure you time the streetcar right. Enjoy!I come to superior seafood at least once a week. For oysters and only oysters. And only during happy hour (4-630). 
Sometimes they're big, sometimes they're small. But they are always clean and cold. 
During happy hour, their frozen drinks are also 2 for 1. Not their frose though. 
Anyway, I have tried some of their food items and am usually not impressed so now I just stick to their oysters and maybe friesEnjoyed a fantastic lunch, with great service. The BBQ shrimp were huge, rich and delicious!  I also recommend the crawfish Mac and Cheese.  The 
warm fresh bread was a unexpected treat!All around I like this place. The food is above average- not the best meal I've ever had- but very tasty. 
My cocktail was delicious- Mojito on the rocks. My boyfriend had a beer- very reasonable beer prices. 
Shrimp pasta was very tasty and fresh- large portions. My boyfriend had the tuna burger and loved it. 
Our waitress was really friendly. All around a great dinner. Would go back. 
Atmosphere is nice. We parked right on the street no problem.Great atmosphere, and a reasonable trolley ride from Canal. You have got to get the Angels on Horseback and Chargrilled oysters as an appetizer. The Shrimp & Grits were great, the salmon looked fantastic, and the Scallops with Risotto (which I had) I would definitely have again.
Seen inside - lots of odd hipster facial hairThis place was recommended by our Uber driver as one of his fav local spots. Gorgeous restaurant with a killer happy hour. Right along the St. Charles streetcar line, a must-stop place for great food and an awesome atmosphere. A bit pricey during normal hours, but you get what you pay for!My best friend and I came here for brunch and left full and happy! We started off with char-grilled oysters of course. The crawfish cornbread is delicious but not what I expected. It's a large slice of crawfish cornbread covered in a gravy/sauce; it was delicious! The oysters benedict were good as well. It's comes as deconstructed benedict with a poached egg on-top of a friend green tomato, fried oysters, and just a bit of hollandaise. The hollandaise is fantastic, it tastes fresh and lemony! I had to order extra hollandaise, it was so good.My son and his wife, who now live in New Orleans, have come to find the best dining places.  They suggested we go to Superior Seafood because they knew it would be phenomenal and, of course, it was.  My husband and I were both intrigued by the blackened catfish option, after all, we're visiting New Orleans.  We're not strangers to great seafood back home in New England.  Our visit to Superior was made only better by the outstanding service we received from our server, Jenna.  She never missed a beat.  I was delighted that Superior allowed me to substitute their vegetable medley for mashed potatoes.  They even substituted rice for my husband's mashed potatoes.  Our blackened catfish was THE BEST we've ever had.  Honestly, it has now become the dish to beat on our subsequent outings.  Nothing has come close.  They don't call this superior for nothing!  And, if all this weren't enough, the prices were very reasonable and they even serve a side salad with your dinner at no additional cost!Went into New Orleans with my wife and grandson and decided to try something new for us. I have heard a lot about Superior Grill,  but the reviews  here were less than stellar. I saw Superior Seafood had good reviews so decided to give it a shot. I am really glad I did. The decor is old New Orleans and has a comfortable feel. We ordered different things and were all pleased with our food.  I had the bbq shrimp po boy, my wife had the couchon de lait po boy and my grandson had the char broiled oyesters. No one had anything left to bring home.  To top it off, they have a couple of $2 desserts for lunch and they were delicious as well. The choices were bread pudding or an ice cream filled pastry with chocolate sauce. I was expecting a small portion for the price,  but they were definitely not small. It's always nice to stumble upon a new great place to eat, and this is one of them. I feel this will be a good place to take out of town guests for a good New Orleans meal.Restaurant manager quoted us a wait time of 45 minutes--ended up waiting over an hour for a table for two.Excellent cocktails, great food, and a very helpful and friendly wait-staff. One of my favorite places to go for holiday dinners.This restaurant was on the list to visit while taking in my nieces graduation weekend from Tulane. I definitely wasn't disappointed. I wish I had time to visit again because there were so many things on the menu which I would have tried. I had the half oyster po-boy with a side of gumbo. Yummy is the word I would use to describe the dish. My family came for lunch and no one left unhappy. I would have come back for oysters on the half shell. Everything looked delicious.Safe to say this is the best food we've had in NOLA. We came 2 nights in a row. Being from Los Angeles good food is all over. This is up there. Our fav was the crawfish Mac n cheese. Our server Sarah is a doll. So sweet and knowledgeable of the menu. The ambiance is superb and one of a kind. A must for anyone in the area.What a wonderful experience! The service was fabulous (thanks Claire!) and the seafood truly delicious. The happy hour was amazing- they let us relax and enjoy the experience. No rush to turn the table.Not my kinda place. Too expensive.
May cater to someone else's taste. What else do I need to wrte?This place has been around for awhile. I've not had a bad meal here yet. Everything is pretty delicious. Sometimes I wish the portions were larger, but hey can't win em all. The fried green tomatoes appetizer is delicious and they're chargrilled oysters are also tasty. The sensation salad is so simple but so delicious. Service is always excellent as well.I visit this Uptown spot regularly for lunch and it never disappoints. 
I don't know a thing about the ownership or provenance, other than recollecting when Copeland's presented a mediocre option on the site so many years ago.
But that no longer matters, as Superior really has thought things through and presents outstanding New Orleans-inspired dishes with consistent quality in a professional, grown-up atmosphere.
I was there for a business lunch recently. My companions and I each enjoyed a crab bisque which was heavenly in texture and full of fresh crab. They went on to split the Maison Salad, full of shrimp and crab, while I enjoyed the Fish Marigny, which featured speckled trout so fresh it surely must have arrived from Cocodrie that very morning. The fish was served with a lovely complement of baby string beans and fingerling potatoes that were delightful in color, texture, and taste.
Portions are too ample, frankly. Do consider splitting an entree with a friend. That being said, I polished off my trout, plus the bisque, without missing a beat, thankful for my gym membership. 
Parking during the day is basically on the street, so you might hike a block or two to get there. Not a problem for me, at least during better weather. At night, they have valet.I ate here 2 1/2 yrs ago and it was very good and reasonably priced (around $15 per entree). I just ate here again, and I am sorry to say that the prices have gone up quite a bit, and the quality seems to have gone down. The char grilled oysters were not nearly as good as I've had them before. The fish with the etoufee over it was pretty good, but the etoufee was a little bland. All in all I don't really think it's worth it anymore.Grilled oysters: Order, yum!
Gumbo, Bisque and Side Salad: Mehhhhh
Crawfish cornbread: NO
Asparagus - outstanding
Grilled shrimp pasta: mediocre 
Blackened catfish: Order!
Scallops: Pretty good
Service: Annoyingly slow 
Manager: Nice guy!
Ambiance: Nice restaurant but very loud
Worth a trip but I was underwhelmed compared to my expectations from the reviews...you just have to order the right things and a little better service would have bumped it up.The service and food was awesome. Wide selection on the menu and prices were pretty good.This is my third experience at Superior Seafood. My first experience went well as I enjoyed the food. However, my opinion about the restaurant has change after my last two dining experiences where the service was extremely slow on both occasions. The food was also okay. Do not think it will be on my go to list anymore.Very disappointed in the food and service. The manager Derrick did comp the orders that were messed up.  Perhaps they were overwhelmed due to the number of people.  They finally got the order right after three attempts. Not sure if I'll be back.In town for one day visiting friends in the area and needed to have our seafood ticket punched and decided on Superior.  We were not disappointed in anything we had there among the four of us. 
Started with stuffed mushrooms and spinach dip. Big mushrooms filled with crab stuffing.  Piping hot dip with a pile of fresh warm chips disappeared quickly. 
I had the blackened drum, that was a big portion and seasoned perfectly, Everyone else had some sort of shrimp we all shared.  Nothing was left on any plate.
The desserts looked good but we had no room for any more food. 
Service was very good. Kermit was our waiter and did a fine job.Jumped off the trolley and went in for a drink. Ended up staying for lunch. Excellent food and service in a great setting.We finally made it here for brunch. As always, we had a great experience. The service was spot on, and the kitchen was really fast. I love the Jazz music during brunch. 
I had the Cochon De Lait Benedict. The Cochon went very well with the biscuit and hollandaise. The eggs were perfectly poached. I really enjoyed the Superior grits.  My wife got the Smoked Salmon Hash, which she really enjoyed. 
The $3 frozen mimosas are a must.  First time having them. It won't be the last. 
It's always a great experience here.Came here with a large party (I'm talking about 20-30 people) so we were seated in a semi private room. 
Drink: Frozen French 75. Good and will get you drunk, but nothing fancy.
Apps: chargrilled oysters, raw oysters, crab stuffed mushrooms, sensation salad. The chargrilled oysters were SO. GOOD. I died. Mushrooms were pretty good as well. 
Entree: got the 12 oz steak with fries. I ordered medium rare and it came out medium well. I didn't wanna say anything but luckily my coworker talked to the waitress for me, and she was very nice about getting me a new steak that was actually pink in the middle. My 2nd steak was delicious!
Dessert: got the carrot cake. I heard rave reviews but it was pretty dry. 
I will say that our service was fantastic considering we had such a large party. Yay!The service here is always good. Let me go on ahead and jump straight to some new items that I tried.
Complimentary bread (5/5) - Seriously one of my fav, bread and butter!
Seafood gumbo (2/5)
Grill Black Fish Napoleon (5/5)
Char grill oysters (5/5) - amazing as always
Bread pudding (5/5) - OMG! It was only for $2 during lunch, and seriously the best bread pudding ever. It was so flavorful and not overly sweets, just perfection!Chargrilled oysters 2 dozen served after entrees. Spoke to management. Hopefully service will improve. Not NOLA expectations.always a great choice for oysters and awesome frozen mojitos.  fun lively atmosphere and great service.Love this place!! I went on 5/13 for the happy hour raw oysters (50 cents each). They were delicious! I was so impressed that I returned for dinner on 5/14. Again, everything we ordered (raw oysters, Oysters Bienville, Oysters Rockefeller, chargrilled oysters, crab cakes and desert) was excellent. The complimentary valet parking is very nice. The only drawback (which is tolerable) is that the restaurant is very noisy at night and not conducive to a quiet conversation.This review is solely for the happy hour, and what a happy hour it is.  You can't beat $.50 oysters anywhere, and the ones we had today were particularly good.  I normally find Gulf oysters to be a little off putting with the mud and chewiness, but Jay, our expert shucker, did a wonderful job.  Some of them were so big that we could barely get them down in one mouthful!
The frozen French 75 may not sound super cheap at $7, but it was delicious and extremely alcoholic.  $3 drafts don't hurt either.  We also sampled the crawfish cornbread, and while it was tasty, I found myself wishing for more crawfish on top. 
The service was pretty good, and the restaurant is tastefully appointed.  It would be a great spot for a nice date or to people watch during happy hour.Overrated. The food was bland and was missing that true New Orleans essence. Nice atmosphere but too pricey for what you get. Still hungry after a $20 plate... not rushing back here.The service was great, Lainie and Thomas made it a very enjoyable experience!  Will couldn't stop raving about Tuna Cassoulet,  Curtis and I loved our 40 day aged NY Strip!Nice selection of unique drinks and wine.  Delicious oysters, great happy hour deal, 50 cents ea.  Dinner was superb. Highly recommend this restaurant for drinks, appetizers, and a full meal!2 nights in a row, 1st night was a large group, 6 of us to be exact. We had mac and cheese w/ crawfish and char-broiled oysters to start=delicious. Then BBQ shrimp, oyster po boy, pear salad and shrimp salad. All very good. Then the next night 2 of us to the oyster bar for raw oysters and drinks. Very pleased with the service and quality of food.Fantastic service and wonderful ambiance. We came off the trolley, looking for a late lunch and this place was perfect. Definitely not cheap, but everything was worth it. Two of us had the steak and frites, one had shrimp and grits, and another had the Tchoupitoulas chicken. We all split Profiteroles and bread pudding. Everything was great.LOVE that they can make mignonette sauce (though usually have to ask a few times)...SUCH cheap sparkling bottles!  
Great oyster happy hour as well, a good, classier alternative to Blind Pelican during my nola visits.I'll start this off by saying, normally I LOVE superior seafood. I have yet to have a meal from them I didn't enjoy. However, last night I ordered dessert delivery. I know a bit strange, but I love their desserts and up until last night - I have never been disappointed. But the quality of food they produced nice last was TERRIBLE. I ordered the flourless chocolate cake, which is supposed to be served warm with ice cream.... they put the ice cream in with the cake so by the time I received it, the cake was just floating in warm ice cream soup. It was so unappetizing to look at, and the cake didn't seem to be cooked enough. Then my roommate ordered the creme bruele. It came in a large rectangular to go box and was just smashed along the bottom. It looked like it had fallen on the floor and someone scooped in back up and just tossed it in the box. The topping was all cracked and broken, it was completely unappealing. Then go to try it, it was just BAD. It was a strange room temperature. Had no real flavor, and honestly made me feel like if I kept eating it- I would get sick. Really was NOT worth what I paid, and makes me reluctant to give superior another chance. If you are going to pride yourself on your food, you need to do so for delivery as well. If you can't, don't offer it as an option.Absolutely top notch. The fried gator appetizer and the crab-stuffed mushrooms were fantastic. The Mussels were PERFECT. I cannot recommend them highly enough. The broth was so good that I had to get two of the loaves of bread to go with it.
The service was exceptional and the restaurant was clean and inviting. If you're in New Orleans and craving fresh, delicious seafood, this is well worth a try. I'll be returning here the next time I am in town.I went to Superior Seafood for Sunday brunch while visiting NOLA for a weekend and was decently impressed.  
As far as food quality goes, I think I would have to give it three stars.  While the food was good, there was nothing special about it.  I got the Cochon de Lait Benedict, which was fine.  However, it was a little bland, and after a weekend of eating at some other amazing restaurants, my taste buds were used to a bit more.
However, my reason for giving it four stars is the level of service from the manager.  About halfway through our brunch, he was doing his rounds through the restaurant, and as he was walking by our table, he noticed that my friend's poached egg looked a little overcooked on the Angles on Horseback Benedict (the yolk was bordering on solid).  He noticed this without us saying anything, and immediate came to our table, apologized, and went running off to go get another poached egg (almost before we even knew what happened).  A couple of minutes later, he came back with a poached egg on a biscuit with some ham in single Eggs Benedict.  This left us all really impressed, and it was really refreshing to see the manager taking such good care of customers.  
The ambiance was alright, but I agree with some of the other reviewers that the large number of TVs definitely takes away from the decor of the restaurant.
So, three stars for food, but five stars based on a great experience with the manager, giving Superior Seafood & Oyster Bar a four star rating from me.My first meal ever in NOLA, and I was quite happy. I had the shrimp and grits with lump crab on top. Oh, so good! 
The service was great, thanks to our wonderful waiter with the very impressive handle bar mustache (Justin, I think?). I had heard that NOLA wait staff were notorious for being less than friendly, but Justin broke that stereotype immediately. 
I liked the atmosphere as well. We sat on the patio with windows open and enjoyed the weather as well as the food. While it wasn't my favorite meal in the city, it was quite good. If the prices had been a bit lower, this would be a four-star review.Excellent food and service. Great to get away from the crowds in the French Quarters. My new favorite place to enjoy a wonderful meal in New Orleans.I was really Looking forward to having my anniversary dinner here. The reviews seemed promising. Long story short: good food, hit or miss service. 
The food was pretty good, I especially loved the crab cake and the Mac and cheese. Oh god, the crab cake was just the best. The shrimp and grits that my partner had was much better than the pasta de la mer that I had. The oysters, both the raw and the charbroiled, were delicious as well but nothing special (I guess you just can't beat happy hour prices). 
Our service, however, was pretty poor. The server seemed like she hated her job and it showed. We ordered our appetizers first and she got our orders wrong. When she came back to ask if we were ready for more, we said yes, and she walked away as we were grabbing the menu to get the names of the food. We contemplated leaving but I wanted to give it some time and get the whole experience. She didn't come back for a solid 15-20 minutes. 
Every time our server came by, we felt like she was rushing us to leave. The way she treated us was just unfair. Everyone else's servers seemed to be pretty attentive and friendly.Booooo! Melon salad served without melon, crab stuffed mushrooms with no crab, and med rare steak served med well. Piss poor and the manager had the audacity to argue with us. Our waitress was a sweetie but the short, pink shirted manager was a jack ass! Suck it Superior. I gave you a 4th shot and you failed miserably! A plus my coffee was warm.The food, the service, the hospitality - everything was just wonderful! Great place for birthdays, get together, family friendly and just great!Very pleased by our choice to stop here while riding along St. Charles Avenue on the streetcar.  My husband ordered the jalapeno cocktail and I ordered the bearegard (spelling?), both were amazing and possibly our favorite drinks of NOLA.
Our waitress was wonderful, super friendly and helpful!  
We ordered the oysters superior to share for our appetizer, which was a delicious sampling of 3 different types of oysters.  For my entrée, I ordered the catch of the day - drum fish, which was my favorite dinner while in NOLA.  It came out moist and not over cooked at all.  My husband was not as satisfied with his dinner, ordering the NY Strip.  It came out chewy which was a bummer.  We left so full that there was no room for dessert!Top notch food, reasonable prices, and easy access/parking as far as New Orleans restaurants go.This is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. They have the best oysters and the best Happy Hour. Every time I come to town, I visit Superior. I have to say that I've been sad the last couple of times because my oyster shucker, Kendrick, hasn't been there. That's why I can only give 4 stars. He makes that place a 5 star location for me. The last couple of times, there have been guys back there struggling to shuck those oysters. 2 men shucking oysters still take about 3x as long as Kendrick. It's almost painful to watch. I feel bad for them, but they are always kind as they struggle and break the oyster. 
The oysters, no matter who shucks them, are always consistent. They're amazing, cold, fresh, and so refreshing. I have yet to come across a fishy or strange oyster at this location.Happy hour is the only thing I can comment on because it's the only thing I did but it was a great deal. Fifty cent oysters (and they were huge, delicious oysters), 3 dollar drafts and wine, double shot of liquor in frozen drinks (which are only $7 anyway).  Plus, they have Abita Strawberry on draft.
Happy hour deals work all over the restaurant, not just at the bar, which is nice because we sat out outside.  My only complaints are I agree with the review below that says there's kind of a chainy-feel to the restaurant.  Not a lot of character to the place...or maybe it doesn't really know what it's character is supposed to be.  I'd also say our service left a LOT to be desired....but I got the impression that was more and issue with our particular server.  He practically ignored us even though we were trying to order another dozen oysters.  It took us 30 min of trying to place this order, we finally got up and flagged him down because happy hour was almost over.It was a great meal. Started off with crawfish Mac and cheese could be served as a side, but shared with my table mates. Make sure to save a little bread to catch the rest of the cheesy goodness.  what we ordered: shrimp po-boy with fries- basic dish nothing too fancy
Shrimp and grits- my friend a picky eater and at first glance she was considered the grits looked "Dry" but immediately fell in love with the sauce. 
Simply grilled fish- catch of the day was mahi. Ordered blackened with grilled asparagus and corn maux...light simple dish no extra sauce drowning the fish+ 2 sides of your choice.  If you've got dietary restrictions or trying to get an non-smothered meal this is nice flavorful option.
Bread pudding was OK. It didn't meet the traditional expectation on texture. Had more resemblance of a spiced cake. Flavor was good. 4 stars, as were sent here for a "good" bread pudding that was not in the Quarter. Dinner was on point! So I can say 4.5 stars.Well, I can say that I don't really like the food selection, I did get the chicken and it was not very good..although the waitress was great, and so was the spinach dip.I nearly go to this restaurant one time per week for happy hour. I like his frozen French 75 and raw oyster. Unfortunately today my friend find a red worm on the oyster. Maybe you watch the TV Series---'The strain'. But the worm on the oyster is red. It's so disgusting and we are afraid to get parasitic disease, after all, eating sooooo many times. Almost per week! Finally the manager still charge me the bill. This is not a good attitude.Whenever you're here ya gotta stop by the oyster bar and holla at Kendrick! He's the best!!!! Naturally Nawlins!!! The oysters came with a fresh hot loaf of bread that bread gave me life honey!!!!! I paired it with the pomegranate cocktail and I'm leaving stuffed!!! Ya gotta try 'em baby!!!I came here on a Saturday night with my husband, and it was pretty busy, but we didn't have to wait to be seated. However, once we were seated the service was pretty slow. We were there a little over two hours. 
The goodness of the food made up for all the time (and money) spent. 
We ordered a few cocktails, had fried green tomatoes (a little salty) with crab meat, shrimp and grits (delicious creamy grits and large shrimp), and a grilled salmon salad. I love that the salmon was cooked to my liking (well done) but it wasn't dry. I hate dry fish. 
Anyway, I'm sure to come here again. Perhaps on a less busy night.Superior Seafood is right off the streetcar line and is a great place for a date or when you really really need oysters. 
My favorite drink is the pomegranate mojito. Yes, the drink is pink, but it is absolutely amazing. 
My biggest complaint is that I moved away from New Orleans and can't go as often anymore :-(I can't say enough good things about my experience at Superior Seafood on Bacchus Sunday. My son was turning 18 and as hectic a day as that was for the restaurant, we were treated and served as well as any given Sunday.  Vanessa was incredible,  the manager's wife (I believe) Aimee - the entire staff honestly, from hostess to security.  Our waitress even took the time to bring my son the traditional birthday dessert.  If that weren't enough,  my mom suddenly became ill and stumbled back into the restaurant.  The care and concern received from the staff was more than we could've ever asked for, they provided everything we needed and refused to accept a dime.  It's no wonder 90% of their Mardi Gras crowd are repeat customers - add my family to that list, we promise to be less trouble next yearI had high expectations and was looking forward to a great seafood meal. Jerrod was possibly the worst waiter I have had in a very long time thigh he can balance wine on his palm. Slow. Forgetful. Zero energy. The oysters were served in little ice and mostly with water. Fries were overcooked and when sent back were never to return. Food was ok, over salted catfish that was poorly presented, sad entree salad but the service made it completely unenjoyable. The excuse was that they were understaffed, which was probably true but it was during Monday of Jazz Fest which comes down to poor management. Also, it was clear things were going wrong at our table, so do something before you drop the check, don't avoid the situation. A little attention (such as a water refill or even asking how things were going) goes a long way in repairing a bad situation.I just REALLY don't get the hype. I was SO excited when I found out what was opening in this spot, as I live only two blocks from Superior Seafood. Finally this week we were at a point that we could spend the dough required to dine here. Bad idea.
My husband isn't a fan of raw oysters, so we got the oyster sampler appetizer. I know there were oysters in there. I could see them. But couldn't taste them over the other flavors AT ALL. I was a little disappointed, but what tha hey? I had shrimp and grits on the way!
Bummed again. The shrimp part was great. They were huge, not overcooked, and overall pretty tasty. But the sauce was WAY salty. And though I am sure some people prefer their grits to be chunky and thick, this is certainly not my preference. When I can say that the $11 shrimp and grits special I had at Juan's before was better than my $17 shrimp and grits at a SEAFOOD restaurant, I think there is a problem.
I am also certain that my husband and I aren't the same usual suspects this place sees, but I found the hostesses to be rude and assuming.
Our server was a doll. I love when servers are capable of being of the fine dining ilk at one table, and laid back and casual when it gets to us. I appreciate that, as I serve people all day, and it's nice when every once in a while you get some down to earth people that you can treat as peers as opposed to kissing butt for people that don't really appreciate what's really going down.
If I could rate the server, he'd get a 4. Food would get a 2. Pomegranate mojito would get a 5 (they were perfect! Often times with flavored mojitos you lose out on the mint flavor, but it was there and it was refreshing and delicious! Our first round was ordered during happy hour, and a double for $8 was a steal!) . So I'm sticking with 3. My husband would say 4 probably, but today he doesn't count!
(He got the chicken tchopitoulas. I thought it was kinda 'meh'. The asparagus wasn't cooked enough and was too large to really enjoy. Also, when vegetables are that huge, I find it a little eerie. Once again, the dish was just WAY salty. But the whipped potatoes were pretty tasty)I ate here tonight and I thought it was alright. I ordered their Rich Boy Po Boy sandwich which wasn't as good as I had hoped. It had way to much mustard on it that produced a dominant taste over anything else in the sandwich and made it somewhat unbearable towards the last couple of bites. In general though, the service was good. My friends got a couple of salads and one got the same Po Boy that I got and he also was not satisfied. The salads looked great though, and my friends enjoyed the salads. All in all, the atmosphere is nice, the service is good, and the food has potential, depending on what you order. If I eat there again, I am definitely ordering something else.This place is beautiful and delicious. The service was great, and their gluten free menu has a great variety. My Celiac husband had no reaction to the chargrilled oysters and the shrimp andouille brochettes, both of which were delicious. The frozen mimosas are great, too.I go here all the time because it is conveniently located.  They have a great Happy Hour $3 pints and 50 cent oysters.   The char-grilled oysters are great and the boiled crawfish are perfect (when in season)
Great staff.This my second time dining here, and you just can't go wrong with anything on this menu. FRESH seafood. Never frozen or canned. Excellent service. I have no idea why it doesn't show up on any "Must eat here" lists of New Orleans, but it should. Maybe because it is only 3 years old. Located in the gorgeous garden district, right on the street car line. Come. Dine. You will be back!Ok so I have to be honest. I was not entirely "sober" when I ate here. Hell, it was Mardi Gras week. If you were sober, something is wrong with YOU! 
Anyways, when our group of 8 annoying, borderline drunk guys and one very nice lady strolled into Superior without a reservation and without keeping our voices down, the staff didn't bat an eye. They sat us in 5 minutes and our painfully patient waitress took our drink and app orders. (They were offering their limited Mardi Gras menu, which had some nice selections and well excellently priced.)
We started with 12 char-grilled and 6 raw oysters. The raw were ok, I am an east coast kid and much prefer the briny and salty Duxbury and Wellfleet's compared to the more mellow, almost river tasting Gulfs. They char-grilled oysters were legitimately ridiculous. The lemon garlic butter sauce was fantastic, and our table was a madhouse dipping bits of fresh bread into the leftover sauce. (Only upon writing this review am I realizing what our party must have looked like to staff and other diners).
For some reason we each decided to get apps, I enjoyed the crab and corn chowder which was quite tasty and reasonably priced, followed by the shrimp and crawfish etouffee, which was again, quite tasty. I am thinking this is an understatement, as I did not leave a single drop of chowder or etouffee. 
We were all extremely stuffed at this point, so naturally our NOLA host and one of my closest friends decided that we should get another round of 6 char-grilled oysters for dessert. (Did I mention this same individual attempted, and failed in spectacular fashion, the 6 saltines in a minute challenge -- at the restaurant in question!? Good lord). I readily agreed to this deliciously bold move and stamped my ticket as an official New Orleans fatass. A ticket I am wearing at this very moment, in fact.
Sounds like an amazing meal? It gets better, seeing as a modern day hero selflessly sacrificed his own bank account and paid for the entire check. Why you ask? Why this selfless and noble act? 
"Well I am having a great time, and don't have anything better to spend my money on." 
God bless you sir, God bless you."
(four stars for food, one for unwavering service in the face of the most ridiculous dinner party I have ever been a part of. I can't speak for them, but at least I was impeccably dressed).I visit New Orleans often as my son is a student at Loyola.  This is his favorite restaurant in NOLA and one of my goto places there.  The name is a little miss leading, while the seafood is great the menu has other great items like pasta and steak.  The last time was there I had the shrimp risotto out of this world.  There is a Cajun flare to the food a little spicy and taste great.  Point of reference my son and I had a main dish each and a cocktail the bill was $65.00. The bread is very tasty.   A great choice in Up Town NOLA.We had heard good things about this spot... unfortunately we didn't have a great experience from the start.  Walked in the front doors, past what we thought was a group waiting to be called to a table - but found that there were 5 groups waiting to put their names in --- and NO hostess in sight! We stood, waited and had time to joke with other groups about all the hosts having quit and gone home. A hostess showed up and started helping folks - seating them immediately. She ran through all the folks waiting, plus a family that jumped the line to get to us (btw, we had a reservation). She said "it will be a few minutes, your table is being cleaned". We waited through her seating another group before being seated in the bar area. When I asked if we could get the empty table near the windows she said that table was reserved.  Ok. Waitress was ok - slow and generally inattentive but did offer some suggestions when we asked about various items. Our bisque and crab-stuffed shrooms came out fast and both were good - though the bisque was more like chowder. Salads that came with entrees came fast too. Then commenced the long wait.... nearly 25 minutes before our entrees came. And when they did, my shrimp and grits looked like soup... hard to find any grits at all. When our waitress came to check on us, I demonstrated the issue and she said "I'll get the manager". After a couple of minutes, he came over and said "that's not to our standards." He offered to replace and when I asked how long he said "5-7 minutes". I said ok but pointed out we'd waited 25 minutes the first time. When it came out the 2nd time, grits were great and the dish was good... but the whole experience was sub-standard.We were pleasantly surprised, to be honest.  I mostly read the "not so good" reviews. Seems many of the over-the-top reviews are, well, over-the-top.  Superior Seafood is a very good restaurant.  Our server Jenna was attentive, but not hovering.  Her recommendations were spot on.  The food and drinks flowed perfectly for our party of seven.  We were seated in what I refer to as the veranda section.  The whole restaurant was well appointed, not too noisy, clean and spacious.
Now, the food.  We all had different things, but started with raw oysters.  They were large, cold and a great price.  The crawfish cornbread appetizer was a good starter.  One was enough for the table.  Stuffed mushrooms were excellent.  Also a large serving of five mushrooms. My full sized Angels on horseback po-boy was superb and too much to eat.  Mussels - excellent.  Blackened fish - excellent.  
I will be back.  BTW they have valet parking, which is a nice touch.Come early or make a reservation. We sat at the bar and service was quick. Ordered fresh oysters, charbroiled oysters, shrimp & Grits, alligator and a pomegranate mojito.  Every thing was great but the Shrimp & Grits "woowee" those were so goood that we came back the next day for another round !Very nice atmosphere. The service is great. Food is delicious. My family comes frequently. We Love this place! For brunch or dinner it is the perfect place!I live like a block away so when I get too lazy to make myself anything, this is a great stop for me.  The Shrimp and Grits and delicious and the BBQ Shrimp is just way too good.  It's a great place to go and sit at the bar to order your food and watch some tv or chat up the bartender with your drink of choice.  This is the extent of my experience here since I've never sat in the dining room but from what I could see, everyone seems to be enjoying themselves and have their taste buds satisfied there too.  Oh yeah, I really like their bar snacks there.  Out of the two meals I mentioned, I highly recommend the BBQ Shrimp.  It really is awesome!Doing the tourist thing and stopped for dinner on way to hotel.  The happy hour was a nice surprise:
- The oysters are $0,50 a piece during happy hour
- Draft beers half price
- House wines $3.00/glass
- House frozen drinks were buy one get one or something low
We enjoyed dinner after happy hour.  Salmon with risotto was good.  
Atmosphere on porch was nice with open windows.  Valet parking was an option although we found a space next to the building.  Construction on road or rail car seems to cause parking problems..Went here based on recommendation of concierge. Our party consisted of 6 people 4 adults and 2 children. We placed our orders and asked the waitress if they could expedite the kids food as they were hungry - their meals were ordered off the children's menu. After quite a while salads, very small scanty salads were brought for the adults - no food for the kids yet. We ate our salads and reminded the waitress of the kids being hungry. A little while later the kids meals arrived and maybe 10 minutes after that 2 of the adult meals arrived ( the shrimp on skewers) and a filet mignon on a small plate with no sides for another. About 5 minutes later the next adult meal was brought out. When asked about the sides for the filet the waitress ran back into the kitchen and produced them!
Well from what we shared the filet was tough, the portion on the grouper small with large tough asparagus on the side. Shrimp ok not great...
Bottom line: the food at this place is marginal at best. The service lacking. The experience wanting.... 'Nuf said...Gluten Free in New Orleans!  My family is not GF , I'm the only one. I was happy to have the shrimp risotto that was entirely gluten free. The waiter was knowledgeable and very nice. We had specialty drinks that were delicious.  Reasonable price and exceptional dining experience. We made reservations which I recommend.  Highly recommend!!If you love oysters and other seafood, this is one of those places you have to try in NOLA. Our first visit was on 14 August and we took advantage of happy hour from 4:00 - 6:30 PM (10 until closing on Friday and Saturday.  The big attraction---oysters on the half at just $0.50 apiece! My wife and I started off with a dozen each, shucked and presented perfectly.  Rounded out an early dinner with a bowl of bisque, and small plates of fried green tomatoes and mac and cheese. Fantastic. Went back again  the following Monday!I gave it two stars simply because of the deceptive name. We walked in and asked if they had oysters, and the answer was no. Then we asked if they had crawfish and again the answer was no. Not impressed for a so called seafood restaurant.Staying up the road from Superior Seafood, best restaurant our group has eaten at since arriving! Char-grilled oysters were surprisingly delicious and the escargot was on point. Kellie & Aubrey were great bartenders!This place has great service and great food.
We had the chargrilled, bienville & rockafellar oysters - they were delicious. The shrimp vieux carre was good, but could have had a Little more flavor. Tried the blood and sand cocktail and it was made right! Great taste.
Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable. We Enjoyed our experience here & would definitely recommend it.It was good but not great. Wasn't too impressed with the portions for the price. The patio is beautiful.Very friendly waitress. Oysters were amazing. Worth the two hour wait. Once we got seated service was very fast. Overall great experience. Beware of the BBQ shrimp (lots of peeling).Stuffed mushrooms were amazing. Crawfish were wonderful as well. They also have one of the best bourbon and scotch collections in the area.In all fairness, I have to say that the restaurant was busy today at 1130 with quite a few large tables. First off, when a loaf of bread is brought to the table, should more than one pat of butter be brought? Second, when all of the food at the table comes out cold, and you send it back, and the fries are still cold when they bring out fresh fries, is that right? And then, when you have to ask 4 times for your ice tea to be refilled, that's another problem. I don't think the waiter was new because he didn't seem confused, and he didn't ask us to repeat ourselves. As far as I could see, he had three tables with no more than 4 people at each table. I had gone to Superior Seafood back when it opened, and I was not impressed. Although we love Superior Grill and go there frequently, we have never ventured back to Superior Seafood--and this is why. I thought they would have their kinks worked out in the three years or so since I was last there. They don't. The prices are fair, the service is poor, and the food is only just okay. There are far better choices in this foodie town to settle for mediocre.They seem to not care about their food. They do seem to be using fresh seafood, but they just aren't making the effort they should be in the kitchen.
1. The crawfish and crab bisque was over thickened and not served hot (just warmish). The basic flavor was ok, and it wasn't too salty, but the texture was gelatinous. It was almost to the point of congealing into a firm jiggly mass as it cooled. The crawfish and crab in the bisque did seem fresh and flavorful, but the consistency of the bisque was even worse than a can of chowder from the store.
2. The Superior Oysters appetizer was also disappointing. The char broiled oysters were good, but the Oysters Rockefeller and Vieux Carré oysters were both too sweet. I would order the char-broiled oysters again but not the others.
3. The oyster salad was pathetic. Three little fried oysters on a pile of weakly dressed spinach. This is simply absurd. For $11 you can get the world's best oyster po-boy with at least half a dozen oysters in it. I couldn't believe I was seeing only 3 little oysters on this salad. The whole concept was bizarre. Huge strips of cheese, a few little bits of bacon, and a pile of spinach with olive oil and corn syrup (it was sweet but not flavorful). They need to rethink this mess entirely.
4. The bread pudding was horrific. I will have nightmares about this: it was a grotesque hockey puck that looked like a frozen veggie burger. Disgusting. There was a weak, bland rum flavor in it but not in the sauce. The sauce was so sickly sweet that the flavors were overwhelmed. I felt like I was eating bread pudding from a high school cafeteria in Indiana. Very very very disappointing.
Considering what a mine field of mediocrity the menu is, it's hard to recommend the place just because a couple of the oyster dishes are decent.Everything was perfect. We enjoyed the charbroiled oysters, blackened catfish, shrimp brochettes, mixed drinks, and creme brûlée. All of the food was fresh and delicious. The service was impeccable, and there's a great view of the neighborhood and trolley cars. This would be a great date night restaurant. We loved it and will come again when we return to New Orleans.Don't get the cornmeal crusted drum. What I thought was a dusting was actually a thick crust of cornmeal and it was deep fried not pan fried as I hoped. Lemon butter caper sauce? I saw no capers. It was less than a tablespoon of a hollandaise resemblance sauce drizzled on top. The fish sat in a pool of a brown flavorless sauce. 
I wouldn't recommend this dish.Delicious brunch. Amazing frozen mimosas! Ivy Rose did a wonderful job with her recommendations and service! Can't wait to come back!We were disappointed...mainly with the food.  Restaurant has a good, busy vibe, especially on a Friday night.  Well appointed too.  The food was bland, nothing inspirational which compared to our other meals while in town, was a let down.  
We sat on the patio on a beautiful evening with high expectations.  I had a mediocre salmon salad.  The fish was bland at best with a salad surrounding which was fresh but again, nothing special.  
My boyfriend had the rainbow trout special prepared lightly blackened.  Slightly dry and again, mediocre.  The sides, well I don't remember them'
Go for  drink it you are in the area for what looks like a good happy hour and cheap oysters!We found this restaurant by accident this past October. It is awesome! The people were friendly and the food spectacular! We will see you in January when we return for a visit!I had the blackened cod and bread pudding. Both very tender, delicious. Amazing service, huge windows!Hate too say it probably one of the disappointing restaurant experiences in recent memory. 
They were literally out of everything. Which isn't so bad but we informed they were out of everything after we ordered. So order one thing then they were out that order another then they were out of that. 
So we resorted to mussels and oysters. Requiring minimal human intervention the oysters did there job. The mussels were ok. I could throw a rock in Baltimore and hit better mussels. I was really looking forward to the frites that they came with that we ordered in good faith. Nah all they had left was asparagus. Yeah Mussels and asparagus. 
The restaurant is nice. The service was competent. The guy who orders the food questionable.Some of the best raw oysters I have ever eaten.  Also, while I did not get the filet, someone at our table did and it may have been the best filet I've ever eaten.  Usually I say, get a steak at a steakhouse, but here, get a steak at a seafood house.  Great service too!!Make reservations! Extremely busy place! Staff was very friendly and since we had reservations there was no wait. Food and service was good. You must try their grilled oysters! This is a very loud place which is expected for lunch hour.Went here after looking on yelp for somewhere with good reviews but outside of the French quarter. This place did not disappoint! We were able to get a table for 8 very easily- the place is huge. I had a delicious dish (pasta del mer), however, the winner of the night was the scallops. We were even treated to free birthday desserts (warm carrot cake) for some members of our party and it ended up being my favorite food from the entire trip! 4 stars only because a few in the party thought their dishes were overly salty.This was one of the best meals I have ever had! (Shrimp risotto)!!!! Taking off one star b/c it was sooooooo noisy you couldn't hear the waiter or others at our table. But I would go again as the food and service were five star, definitely.Rebecca made our night - her food and wine recommendations were spot on and her service was impeccable. Gulf oysters, alligator, red fish, fresh catch grouper, and flourless chocolate cake were all delicious. Atmosphere is boisterous and authentic.Hopefully most of you fucks out there have realized that this place has a $6 oyster special during happy hour (4-6pm).  So don't come at any other time unless you enjoy overpaying for blah food.   They had mediocre oysters and sort of a pretentious crowd and staff.  Of course we got here after 6pm but I wanted the raw oysters anyway.  Unimpressed.
The hostess/staff kept on putting us in shitty tables.  WTF.  Is it because of my skanky outfit?  And everyone there just sort of had an overall attitude of condescension, like they were special, as if they should get a fucking cookie for not being obese or dirty hick-like in the south.  Generous helpings of ostentation here but not so much good oysters.  Douchy old crowd, lackluster service, blah food, and overpriced.As a Shreveport native, I'm very familiar with the Superior brand, since that's where it originated. But as a fairly new New Orleanian, this was my first visit to the Seafood version. I wasn't disappointed.
I started with the char-grilled oysters, which were very good. I loved the garlic-y, butter-y sauce they're cooked with. However, I will say that I thought the char-grilled oysters at ACME were just slightly better than these. But don't get me wrong -- these were damn good too.
For my main course I had the shrimp andouille brochettes, which are shrimp stuffed with andouille and Monterrey jack cheese, wrapped in bacon, and then char-grilled. YUM! I loved them, and the bed of whipped potatoes they were served on. You should definitely order this, unless you're a Jew trying to keep kosher, in which case you've probably picked the wrong city in which to dine.
I also really liked my drink -- the Bouregard. It's a bourbon base with orange and mint flavors added, but it's not too sweet. My friend had the Nayades Mule, which is vodka, ginger syrup, and champagne. It was good, but mine was better.
As is usually the case at Superior's restaurants, the service was very good. Our waitress was attentive without being overbearing and all our needs were met. Finally, we come to price. Superior Seafood is not cheap, but you get what you pay for. Including tip, my bill (for two, with one drink each) came out to right around $100. However, I hear they've got a great happy hour with deeply discounted drinks and some things to snack on too, so maybe my next visit will be for that.We went for the first time tonight and LOVED it! The service, food and atmosphere were all top notch. Great wine by the glass selection as well. We had a larger party and the service was seamless. Sat on the patio, which was lovely. Great job, Superior! Can't wait to return.My Hubbie & I were headed to another restaurant today when we passed by and on a whim decided to give it a try.  We were so glad that we did!  We had the Angels on Horseback, Fried Green Tomatoes, and half a poboy. It was all very delicious and extremely flavorful!  The patio was awesome; the ambiance of the restaurant is very nice.  When we visit NOLA again; we will be back.  Great job Superior!!I have been here about 3 times before and was not impressed at all.  Came here last night for my niece's birthday.  Our waitress was Morgan=amazing.  We got the spinach and artichoke chip.  It was warm and tasty.  My Mom and I split the Tchoupitoulas chicken which was grilled chicken underneath 2 grilled asparagus under mashed potato's and a crawfish cream sauce on top.  Perfect seasonings.  It also came with a sensation salad which was absolutely sensational.  Very light and wonderful!  My niece got the shrimp and grits.  Very impressive.  Lots of shrimp and the grits were made to perfection.  My Dad got the drum grilled and grits on the side.  The fish melted in your mouth.  They brought my niece a chocolate molten cake for her birthday which was amazing.  Great experience and I can't wait to go back.