I eat here at least once a month, and more often when possible.  The brisket tacos and brisket quesadillas are fantastic.  Happy hour starts at 3 if you're interested in a late lunch for 2-for-1 drinks.Tonight I went to Superior Grill expecting a delicious tex mex meal with great vibes. First it began with the rude waitress, then the manager came over and made in an appropriate "joke" regarding my ethnicity. The cherry on top to this awful evening was when i was served lifeless skinned rubber meat on a platter with lettuce and PEANUT SAUCE, what mexican restaurant puts peanut sauce on a salad. I would recommend not going here EVER unless you want slithery chicken weenus sliding down your throat.Yum!  Food is good, but everyone should really come for the frozen drinks!  So tasty...I just moved to NOLA from Houston and was lamenting the lack of good Mexican restaurants to my friend when he suggested this place. 
SO glad he did! The queso was SO good...I filled up on that before we got our main dish. I ordered the seafood enchiladas and while they were good, they use a red sauce instead of a cream sauce. I would have preferred a cream sauce but these weren't bad at all. My husband ordered beef fajitas and those were good, too.
I had a few margaritas and huh....that's funny. I really don't recall much else about the place.
Oh yeah! It's good for groups. There were 6 of us and we all sat around a table laughing, cutting up, drinking the strong, strong margaritas, and eating the delicious queso.  Good service, good food, good times. I'll definitely be back!I usually go to Superior because other people want to...like my brother and his kids.  It's a good place to bring children because it's so loud you don't have to worry about your noisy ones disturbing other folks' meals.  The cocktails are free flowing and the food's OK.I love this place!!  I am not a fan to Mexican food, but their Fajitas is just exceptional.  I love their San Lucas fajitas plate.  Ingredients are so fresh and most of all, their tortillas are sooo good!  The portion is big so I sometimes would just like to share my plate!  Service is good too, and with the quality of food and service, even though it is a little pricey compared to other Mexican restaurants, I think it is all worthy.It was a beautiful day and neither my lovely wife nor I had a particular craving, so we popped into this often passed/never visited chainlet. I had eaten a perfectly acceptible brunch at the original location in Baton Rouge and still had very low expectations...they were not met.
     The good first: the service was friendfly and efficient.
     The bad: poor quality chips, including some tasting of rancid oil, were accompanied with pretty good salsa and truly tasteless queso. Seriously, the jar of queso in the grocey is eons better.
     My lenten crawfish quesedillas were okay, but nothing to write home about and they were probably the tastiest thing to hit our table.
     My lovely wife had the not at all lovely (to look at...an amalgam of beiges & light browns in amoebic puddles) Rio Grande plate. Bear in mind, Paige is pretty down with standard American-style mexican if it is fresh, but she was pretty underwhelmed.
     The crowd was mostly tourists (from out of town or Metairie/Slidell, etc from the looks of it) so perhaps the lovely setting helped them ignore the pallid dreck proffered here, but its walking distance location will in no way seduce into another visit.Mediocre Mexican food in a tacky location. Too many tourists and annoying families with loud kids. I had the taco salad which was really good but that's about it. The service rushed us out and the prices are a little steep. Will not go backIn a city full of outstanding food options, Superior Grill is not one of them. The food here is pretty substandard TexMex. Veggie options are not abundant. Veg quesadillas were quickly thrown together, sloppy, and not as good as anything I could make at home.
BUT, the margaritas are strong. They're not the best tasting ones out there- but two large ones and you're good for the night. They are also pricey. 
So, I would go back for margaritas- especially during happy hour when they are single price for double margs- but probably not for the food.I suggest to go here hungry. This place has amazing margaritas. I usually order a frozen strawberry margarita, no salt. It was very flavorful. I found this drink very easy to drink because it was delicious and smooth. There are many different prices for their margaritas depending on your choice of tequila. Any margarita that you choose here is sooooo good! It's hard not to resist their complimentary chips and salsa. The chips were fried fresh and the salsa was delicious. We had to get another basket!! 
I ordered the El Paso dish. As you can see in my picture, it's a huge dish! You will definitely have leftovers if you are not too hungry. The flavors dance around on your palette. The dish was seasoned well. 
Our service was spot on. Our waiter was very sweet, funny and attentive.I have changed my mind about this place, but just a tad. I tasted its food twice pre-Katrina and found it to be no superior to a Chevy's, Acapulco's or Torito chain restaurant in the West Coast. Today, however, I had the "pulled pork" enchiladas (pork was tender and tasty, but was not pulled but chunky) and rice. The rice was average (rice is my weakness, and it's so hard to find a Mexican restaurant that offers passable, let alone delicious, Mexican rice). I asked for a spicy salsa, other than the bland, run-of-the-mill one they so often give you with your chips, and was given a very delicious, spicy one. The queso was abundant and better than I remembered, but still a tad runny for my taste. It is true that good Mexican food is elusive in New Orleans, but other than being a major tourist trap, this place is a good happy hour locale that offers decent Mexican fare for the price.The margarita swirl alone gets 4 stars.  I had steak tacos and they were good...not great though.Not knowing anything about this restaurant, I stopped in for a late lunch and in search of a vegetable rich meal.  There was no host at the stand, and I wasn't sure if I should seat myself.  I eventually was seated and was greeted by a friendly and knowledgeable waiter who told me the tortilla soup had a lot of vegetables and was basically a chicken soup.  He was right!  It had very good flavor, many more vegetables than chicken, had a little heat, I loved it.  I ordered a combo plate that included the soup and the Superior Salad with grilled beef. The plate arrived with two bowls -- one with soup, the other with salad.  Plus a heap of cheddar and one-half boiled egg.  The food arrived quickly.
I would have given them a 5-star review, but the kitchen should perfect how to boil an egg.  This one was over boiled and had a dark green around the yolk.  Also, the host stand should have a sign saying Wait To Be Seated or Seat Yourself.Superior grill has by far the best Mexican food I've ever tasted!  Being in the military, I've lived in 6 different states, including California. No where even comes close to the quality of ingredients that superior uses in their food.  Steak quesadilla is off the charts!Celebrated Cinco de Mayo here with a friend recently and it was a good time!  Although the place was super crowded (as to be expected) we were able to grab our drinks from the bar and snag a table in the same area.  We both ordered frozen margaritas and they were pretty strong!This is probably not the typical review, but Superior is my FAVORITE bar. I am a regular, I know most of the people who work there, and all of that is because I fell in love with the margaritas, the queso, and the atmosphere. The feel of the place is unabashedly friendly, and I felt comfortable hanging out there with friends from jump. I do eat meals there as well - the portions are huge, and the price range is in the upper level for how regularly I go and for the humble nature of my job's salary, so my fiancee and I usually share an entree and are full afterwards. They are constantly hosting awesome block/neighborhood parties, and it's always packed in a good way around mardi gras. As a random final aside, it seems like they are working on their salsa recently, and it keeps getting better and better. Mega recommendations from me!Food and service were great at this restaurant. We were reluctant to try it due to mediocre reviews, but two locals recommended it. We weren't disappointed. The food was fresh. The best we've had in New Orleans so far. The service was great too. We'll be going back.Okay so my friend and I went here for margaritas and dinner. I got cheese enchiladas which were actually good, but I am a vegetarian and they did not have vegetarian beans. Then I got a strawberry margarita which was HUGE, and the most expensive margarita I've ever had. My friends margarita was $12, mine was $16, but I did not ask for premium liquor, although I think the waiter charged me for it! Also I was in town from Chicago, my first time in NOLA, and after hearing this, the waiter told me not to mind the rats and cockroaches! At dinner! Come on.... you can do better...Was in New Orleans for work and happened to be there during Cinco de Mayo. Well I heard this is where the locals go and every year they have this great block party. Took the trolley there from the French Quarter and it drops you off pretty much right in front. Can we say best Margaritas around??? It was indeed the strongest drink I had in New Orleans, those drinks on Bourbon even with an extra shot or two of liquor is a scam. I would come all the way here and just get two 'double cups' and ride on back to the french quarter with them.  The block party was a great experience, they had a stage and later in the evening there was a concert. I got some quesadillas and they were pretty tasty, but it may have been the alcohol talking. Whatever the case I enjoyed my visit to Superior Grill and would definitely come back when I go to New Orleans.Superior Grill is one of those restaurants that you need to go to frequently or your bodies goes through margarita withdrawals... those margs are gooooood. Let me rephrase that, everything on their menu is good. To start, they always bring over a hefty serving of chips and salsa. I honestly can't even recommend a specific dish because they are all great, but my personal favorites are the enchiladas. Their queso blanco dip is also incredible and I can eat an entire bowl of it on my own. This place is great for big parties and birthday celebrations too!I had the crab enchiladas and though they were good, there were a lot of shells in the meat.  My wife had fish taco and veggies and she liked hers alot.You know, Superior Grill is one of those places I have a love hate relationship with. While I love going there with friends to get together for whatever celebratory reason we can make up and have some delicious margaritas, I really don't enjoy the food that much. The food is really just not that good. Considering the great Mexican options we have now in the city since the Big "K," I think that Superior Grill needs to make some recipe changes. They can keep the chips and salsa just the way they are, the guacamole is pretty good, but the queso could use some help, kinda tastes like they use a white version of Velveeta.  I mean I know there are some good melting Mexican cheeses out there that can help the queso situation they have going over there. Really I think the only good thing worth ordering in my opinion are the chicken or steak fajitas and sharing with someone. Now as for the beans and rice that come with the fajitas, that's where I think a recipe change needs to happen.  They have been serving those same rice and beans for as long as I can remember and boy are they boring and bland. They just don't have any flavor.  The tortillas they serve, while they may be homemade, they are just to heavy and greasy, you end up filling up on the tortilla and you still have tons meat left for the fajitas. The cheeseburgers are pretty good and huge, but they are kind of out of place at a Mexican restaurant, but my son isn't complaining about that. All the other things I have tried like the plain ole' cheese enchiladas or the tacos are nothing to rave about it all tastes so processed and fat laden, I'll go to Taqueria Corona for those. Like I said I am usually there not because I want a great meal but because I am with friends celebrating, and I think most people go for the same reason which is probably why the place does so well. Anyways, I know I will be back to Superior Grill many more times despite my giving it 3 stars, just kind of wish they could up the quality on their foods.We stopped in thinking we were at Superior Seafood.  We were confused but stayed regardless, it was happy hour so why not?  Jeremy, our bartender, was an absolute doll.  Best margarita I had during our entire vacation.  He did upsell us to the top shelf, but it was worth it.  
He helped us choose an app, and suggested we order the half order instead of full, knowing we were planning to eat elsewhere.  What bartender suggests the smaller, less expensive option?  He asked where we were planning to go and suggested the sister, Superior Seafood. I knew it existed somewhere!  Thanks, Jeremy! 
We got the chimichangas and they were good. Nothing overly exciting but they satisfied the very empty void in my belly. The guac was fantastic. Star of the plate for me.  
I'd come back. I'd have guac, margaritas, and come when Jeremy was working. He was just the best!It's like an overpriced non-chain Hacienda, but constantly full of babes. I don't understand.Went in a busy father's day and they did a good job. The service was great, all of the staff seemed happy to be there, and the food was spot on.
The good: The steak tampiquena ($29) was worth every penny! The chips, salsa, and queso dip are all fantastic. The shrimp wrap and bloody mary were perfect.
The opportunities: The margaritas seemed off, different than normal. They weren't bad, but they weren't those famous margaritas they are known for. And the fried ice cream was pretty bland.
Overall a good experience and we will be back for sure.I'm all about the Mesquite Chicken Salad!  The honey-lime vinaigrette is very tasty with nicely seasoned veggies.  What I really love are the chips and salsa.  They bring the chips out nice and warm to your table.  If you catch this place at happy hour, however, you probably won't get to enjoy any food.  There are people for days.  Nonetheless, their company is great with flat screen TV's all over the place.I had to mix my own drink. Let that sink in for a second....I. Had. To. Mix. My. Own. Drink. 
I checked out the menu in the lobby while I waited for friends. Saw that a regular frozen margarita was $6.75 and a flavored one was $8.50. Confirmed here on their website: http://neworleans.superiorgrill.com/drink-menu.html
When I asked the bartender what flavors of frozen margaritas they had, he rattled off a list: watermelon, peach, blackberry, and some others. I said I would like a blackberry frozen margarita.
The bartender served me a regular frozen margarita with a small glass of blackberry syrup on the side. "That'll be $11.75," he said. I said "I thought flavored margaritas were $8.50?" He said "That's only for strawberry." 
I said, "Why are you giving it to me like this? It's not mixed." He replied "So you can see what you are paying for."
I proceeded to pour the blackberry syrup into my tall margarita cup. It pooled on top of the drink and would not thoroughly blend with the rest of the drink. I asked the bartender if I could have a cup so I could mix the drink by pouring it back and forth between cups. Instead of offering to mix the drink himself, or providing me a spoon instead of a flimsy straw to mix my drink, he handed me a styrofoam cup.
There were two male customers on either side of me, they were audibly sympathizing with me and making comments about having to mix my own drink.
In retrospect, I should have asked to see the menu so I could point out that it said Flavored Margaritas were $8.50, and didn't say "Strawberry only." But at a crowded bar with people waiting behind me to be served, I didn't want to cause a scene.
Instead, I will vote with my feet and my wallet, and avoid Superior Grill and their lazy, apathetic, misinformed bartenders.I went with a big group to Superior last night and I was looking forward to    having a good meal. While the ceviche appetizer was delicious and plenty enough as an app, I felt my main dish was lacking. I had the Baja fish and shrimp tacos.I applaud them for using corn tortillas over flour tortillas, but the size of the fish filet was minuscule and there were only 4 shrimp in the second taco. Great flavor, but just not enough food.
The service was great. Our waiter was really great despite the fact that it was swamped. He was very accommodating.Chips weren't that good. Ground beef enchilada was meh. Grilled fish taco was good. Grilled shrimp was good. Plastic chairs and wobbly table. Quick service on new years eve tho.Sehr gutes Essen, frisches Gemüse, extrem nettes und zuvorkommendes Personal. Wir haben uns sehr wohl gefühlt und würden jederzeit wieder kommen.Very, very loud. Parking next to impossible. Food was OK but not authentic Mex. Was Tex-Mex.
Margaritas were good and was happy hour so they were even better. Waiter was friendly and humorous.
Very expensive for what we had.I'm a former New Orleanian and a frequent visitor. I love food and have a set of restaurants I always visit: Galatoire's, Feelings Cafe, Upperline, Camilla Grill, and Atchafalaya. But I like to try new ones as well. Tonight a friend and I set out for Superior Seafood on St. Charles, but mistakenly went to the Superior Grill, also on St. Charles. A fortuitous mishap. Once we realized we were in a Tex-Mex restaurant, not a seafood place, we readjusted our expectations and had a very enjoyable meal. The restaurant is spacious with a pleasant, unhurried vibe. The menu has some interesting items with a New Orleans twist, like crawfish enchiladas, but we opted for healthy eating (yes, that can happen in NOLA). We shared a delectable creviche with just the right combination of lime juice and cilantro along with a robust, homemade guacamole. I had a blackened salmon and my companion had a sashimi salad. Both were delicious, but I think mine was better. For dessert, we abandoned caution and had a heath bar pie and tres leches. The tab was on the high side, but no one ever called New Orleans a budget city, so this is not a complaint.
The main event was the service. Our initial waiter, Ricardo, was covering for Matthew, who came over afterwards to see if we had been taken care of.  And he did that periodically throughout the meal. Both were engaging, intelligent young men who regaled us with stories and jokes. Never pushy, always unobtrusive, unfailingly polite, they guided us through the menu, made recommendations, and brightened the atmosphere considerably. At the end, they became a trio, since their friend Philip checked on us too. I had a talk with the manager, Steven, to tell him how, although the food was excellent, the service enhanced the meal to a five star level. I wish Matthew well in his career in public relations for which he has the charm  and quick-wittedness. Ricardo wants to be an actor and has the drop-dead good looks and smile for it.
An interesting way to spend Father's Day. New Orleans is not just about good food, but interesting and friendly people. I miss them both sometimes.I'm conflicted about this joint. I had a brief but good time here, though 95% of that was due to the cool peeps at the Lundi Gras UYE. 
The other 5% of the upside was the strong, large $11 margaritas that have been well reviewed. I've had better margaritas, but I've also had worse ones for the same price. Still, those tall Styrofoam cups definitely rev up the party if you forgot to BYO Four Loko. I didn't try the food.
I also caught the conversation between the manager and Marielle. Not a win for the manager, or by extension, Superior Grill. Even if you have an issue with Yelp reviews and reviewers, it ain't wise to stumble into a group of 5-7 of them (especially the Elites in your town!), make a few passive-aggressive comments, then hand over your business card and huff away. How does that help the situation? 
There are so many better ways to make things right for patrons, and on a day like Lundi Gras, right before the parade, a different approach might have led to positive new reviews and updates. Instead, it made a pretty bad first impression on me, and the local crew wasn't impressed too much. Sure, I got two more margaritas to go for the parade, but would I go back? Probably not. Service and attitude speak volumes. Plus, I hear Nacho Mama's has $10 fishbowl-sized margaritas ...This is a pricey place but if you want quality fajitas, it's worth it. Just split a regular order with two people. It's a very large amountI really enjoy Superior Grill despite the horror stories I've heard. I have only been here twice but both times I have had very good service and the food is absolutely delicious. 
I will say that I am from a small town and our Mexican food is nothing to phone home about. 
I love their "outside" seating area and that it's surrounded by beautiful hanging baskets. 
It's a bit pricey but the food is delicious. I love their quesadilla appetizer as well as the cheese dip. It is divine! 
The restaurant is way too loud. Like obscenely loud. Ridiculously loud. I hate having to shout over the din to make myself heard especially when my companion is sitting right next to me. 
I also really enjoyed their margaritas!Still buzzing from the Margaritas we had last night at Superior Grill! LOL (I kid..i kid) but definitely a nice drink to have after a long day of work.
I love the atmosphere at Superior Grill..very inviting and fun.  You can tell it's the place to go to kick back and relax...to drink the night away & forget the crazies you just saw at work..The Tex Mex is good, but the Margaritas are exceptional! The best place in NOLA to spend Cinco de mayo. Great place to hang out with friends during happy hour.We ate here last night with two of our kids and three of their friends. We were told our wait would possibly be an hour an 45 minutes but it was not nearly that long. The wait was made bearable by wonderful margaritas and chips & salsa. Once seated, the service was excellent. Oscar, our waiter, could not have been better. Everyone loved their food! The atmosphere is like a big party, perfect for a New Orleans vacation. We will definitely come back here in the future!"Meet by Superior Grill" is all you hear for Mardi Gras. The second most common line I hear that has Superior Grill in it is "They have great Margaritas."
I will admit, this place does have pretty good margaritas. I'd rate it about 4 stars, only because I know El Gato Negro has a 5-star Margarita. Not to mention, they're kind of expensive, but that's what you pay for the best.
But this is a review for Superior Grill. Strictly speaking Superior, I think their food is pretty good but not GREAT. It tastes like it should but not better, see what I'm saying? 
Service. Not bad. I've never had an issue here with the service. If they ever take a long time, it's obvious why. This place can get super crowded very easily. 
Atmosphere. Pretty! I like the atmosphere... it's spacious and there's an area with a great outside view. The bar is a good size and their bathrooms are always clean. 
So there you have it. Bottom line is that it's a safe choice if you're not sure where to eat, but just don't expect to be "wow-ed".Ok so this review is less about the food and more about the overall experience. Let's be real no one goes to superior for authentic Mexican food! You come here because it has an awesome atmosphere and puts you in the mood to let loose and party. Their take on tex mex isn't bad but it's nothing to write home about. However, I do love their salsa and I usually fill up on chips and salsa before I even get my entree. Their margaritas while kinda pricey certainly pack a punch!OK, Here we go... A year ago I was a usual seen at Superior on Wednesday night because it was the best place for happy hour.  It had been a while so I decided to Street Car it over.   The STAFF is awesome as usual, and because I was there before 6, I had the 2 for 1.   It was good as usual.   Love the chips and salsa but he salsa this time tasted like a can of tomato paste, and the second cup too.  It was kind of gross.   NEXT was 6PM, upon getting my 3 for 1, they come in three mugs and it looked like water.   I TASTED LIKE WATER... I watched and it went down the same trail.  The three stars go to the staff.   The other two NO stars goes to the watered down margaritas and paste salsa.   I do hope it gets fixed.Great food, but drinks are SUPER EXPENSIVE. 2 drinks margarita's more than the meal. Why is a strawberry margarita $4.00 more than a regular margarita.Who wouldn't love this place?!? I really like the taste of the food here! Everything is prepped and cooked in the kitchen and you can definitely taste the flavor. I enjoy the chicken/shrimp fajitas, nachos & cheese, & quesadillas. This has been my feng, regular spot for me for a year. It's definitely fun to come with a group of people for a birthday party or sit out by the balcony on a cool fall day. I wouldn't suggest going on a Wed night because you can hardly get a seat. I think that is the night with the drink specials.Margaritas are good! Come here during happy hour so you can get a double for the price of a single. 
Large menu and the food is okay, but the chips and salsa is definitely the best part of the meal.My favorite place for mexican in New Orleans. Its a bit on the high priced side but the best in the city. Some say Juans....yeah, it is good but I prefer atmosphere at Superior, plus you get free chips and salsa at Superior.
Get the Superior Burrito!What is there to say that hasn't already been said?  Forgive my redundancy..
The majority of food here isn't even Tex-Mex...maybe 1950s Tex-Mex (plain cheese or meat only fillings with gobs of cheese on top). They have changed the menu since I was last here to eat--about a year ago.  It now features some items with essentially no description e.g. chicken enchiladas--no description of the sauce or toppings, so what am I supposed to assume, that it is just plain chicken rolled in a tortilla and served dry?  I asked what sauce it comes with and offered suggestions (ranchero, verde, suizas?) The waiter then said oh yeah, you want suizas? Well, ok yes, I like the suizas. So that's what I got. I still have no idea what sauce the enchiladas come with now and there are no indications on the menu that you would pick a sauce.
I would say most of the menu here is decent--I have also enjoyed the fajitas, quesadillas, and tacos al carbon on occasion.  No, it is certainly not an out of this world Mexican restaurant, but it's not bad food by any means.  I find the salsa to be more than acceptable (flavorful and fresh, though mild) and the queso is thin and slightly lacking in flavor, but still hits the spot--especially compared to some of the other Mexican restaurants in town.  Most everything on the menu is overpriced, but hey, welcome to New Orleans and get used to it--this won't be the first or last restaurant that meets that description.
The margaritas are only worth the price during happy hour, Mardi Gras or Cinco de Mayo. They are definitely strong, but outside of happy hour or the convenience of them during Mardi Gras, I wouldn't waste my time as they really don't taste very good.  Being a Texan, I am of the distinct opinion that margaritas come only on the rocks, but of course, frozen are the most popular type here so people may enjoy the flavored frozen mixes more.
The best thing about Superior Grill is that they can handle a crowd.  I have attended, and yes, even hosted, many a large party here (work, birthday, girls nights, etc.) with 20+ people and they welcome it with no problem.  They also have a pretty consistent staff (I recognized one of the waiters from the last time I was there a year ago) that is almost always friendly.  If you have ever been here during Mardi Gras (when they continue operating and serving food while the parades roll 20 feet away) or Cinco de Mayo, then you know it can get very busy and they still manage to negotiate service--a regular night is no big deal.
Overall, this is one of those New Orleans nostalgia places for me and mostly holds a place in my heart for all of the well lubricated memories friends and I have enjoyed.  Visit because you like strong drinks, close stops to the streetcar and a nice patio to eat on, but don't set your expectations too high for the cuisine.This place is good, but not great by any means. Good for happy hour, or if you are in the mood for some quick mexican food, but I wouldn't expect to have a great meal here. 
Drinks are half off during happy hour which is nice- and it is a fun, somewhat loud atmosphere. Service was great and friendly- no complaints. 
I actually had their food catered at a couple events I have been to, and found that it was a lot more impressive then. So, if looking to cater an event - would recommend this place!I'm trying to understand how the hostess moved past my husband in that tiny foyer where guests enter to seat a party that clearly arrived after we did.  No one acknowledged our presence in the time they seated the party before or after us. No one acknowledged us as we left either.  It's been over a decade since I've been here.  Is there a brown paper bag test now???Food is ok, not great or even good salsa needs help!  I remember in the past thinking it was SOO good, but then again after a few of their margies who wouldn't think it was good.  On a more "sober" lol trip with my child I realized this place is lack luster at best. Good for singles looking to hook up on Wednesdays or for the Thanksgiving meet up or Cinco De Mayo other than that I can't think of a reason to come here.I'm giving 5 stars because this place is consistent, and doesn't try to be anything that it isn't.
-The food will always be over priced and of average quality
-the bar will always be stocked with drunken sycophants waiting to slobber over the bartender
-the waitstaff will always be barely hanging on to their jobs.
Listen up people:  sometimes you just need to have a $20 quesadilla in a place that condones your cocaine habits whilst sipping a bucket of green slush spiked with nitroglycerin.  Who are we to judge?  Not Smoky B.  I love this place.Superior Grill is a classic in the New Orleans area when you are craving quality fajitas, strong drinks, and an overall good atmosphere. When I am able to make it, I love enjoying their lunch menu on their patio, watching the street cars roll by. Their tortilla soup/salad combo is also great if you aren't wanting a super heavy meal. I also appreciate that they have partnered with Eat Fit Nola to offer "healthier" accommodations...but honestly if I am going to a Mexican restaurant I am prepared to eat at least 3 baskets of chips.
If you are a margarita fan, I would strongly recommend getting one of their frozen margaritas. They are good, strong, and worth every penny/gram of sugar. Even take one to go to enjoy the beauty of St. Charles. 
The service is okay. We have had a server forget about us a couple of times, even in their slowest of days. 
Superior during the Mardi Gras season is a different animal. I would skip eating in and just enjoy their pop-up margarita stand right outside the restaurant.So where should I begin? Amazing how we have a large portion of society with a lack of taste, and the insight to really grasp what service means. I enjoy spending money on good food and good drinks, this my friends is neither. The service is poorly, the management is nonexistent, and the food is so subpar that Mexican street food out of a truck has more flavor and originality. Again another place saved by locals that use the place as a watering hole, munch down the free tortillas and by the time they are drunk, anything they order tastes good. Mexican food is about flavor, this had nothing flavorful about it. Save your time and your money, this is another culinary dud.Server was fantastic. Food was good. Adult beverages wee a great price for happy hour. Shut the damn doors and let the A.C. work. Too warm to enjoy the company.Sitting at my table right now after a great evening at Superior Grill. Many to our thanks to our server, Trevor, and the management team for taking care of us. We called and were told that happy hour was until 9.  When we arrived just after 8, Trevor informed us happy hour had ended. We told him about what we had been told.  He said no problem, he would take care of us,  and he did! He got us happy hour prices even though it had ended. Thanks Trevor, lyou were great!!! I would definitely come back and ask to sit in your section.I've heard a lot about their happy hour, but have never been. I called earlier today to ask when their 3 for 1 happy hour ended and they said 9. When we arrived shortly after 8, they said it actually ended at 8.  We were going to leave until our awesome server Trevor arrived. He said he'd honor the happy hour special because we had been told it went until 9. He checked in frequently and made sure our water was full (because it took time to drink our three drinks).  I'd definitely visit for happy hour again.I'll give it to them.  The margaritas here are really good, but they are $11 for a small one!  Every time I eat here, someone I'm with gets food poisoning.  It's always packed and I have no idea why.  The one in Baton Rouge is much better.Awesome place, been there last two Sundays for brunch/lunch!! Great food and even better service!!Excellent food and Brian was the most incredible waiter! Would definitely return here! Great margaritas!Inferior Grill. Faux Tex-Mex. The margaritas are too sweet, the salsa too bland, and most of the entrees bland.  Watch our for the lard in the tortillas.  The vegetarian fajitas were undercooked and fishy tasting.  The beef fajitas aren't bad with the corn tortillas but uninspiring.  This is all surprising since its cousin Superior Seafood farther up St Charles tends to be reliably good, if not quite great by New Orleans standards.  New Orleans still has a hard time serving up good Mexican and this place doesn't help.The fact that this place remains packed every night is astonishing. The food is pretty good, but the prices are ridiculous. The margaritas are average and not as great as people claim....  However, I will say the staff at Superior is always great and the vibe of the place makes it a fun restaurant, especially when you're with a group. I just personally feel it is way too expensive for what you get. 
Food: B+
Service: A-
Decor: A-
Price: DMy first time going here was almost a year ago and I loved the food then. Today I took my fiancé here and it was his first time here.
I got the soft flour tacos dinner, ground beef. It was better than I imagined. When it comes to Mexican restaurants, I start with tacos the first few times I go. I always say, if they mess up something as simple as tacos, there is no reason to return for other things. The portions were good, they weren't stingy on the ground beef as some places are. But this was amazing. 
My fiancé got the beef enchiladas. He loved the portion and the cheese they melt on top made the dish for him. I have him some of my cheese to put in his beans to try and he loved it, said it made it even better. 
I pushed him to get the fried ice cream as I got the first time I went there, he said it was so much better than expected. He gave it a 10/10. I got the superior Oreo brownie, with no ice cream as I am somewhat lactose intolerant, and I got it to go. It was so delicious and I would definitely get it again. 
We sat outside on the patio and it was a perfect time of day (around 3:30pm). It had a light breeze and the sun wasn't out too much. It wasn't too busy but the atmosphere was amazing. I definitely recommend patio seating. All in all this time around was even better than the last, and the last time was amazing. Definitely go here!Average.  I've eaten at Superior Grill in Shreveport many times, and love it... always good!  I find the food at Nola Superior Grill not nearly as good.  Fajitas were fair... the flour tortillas that came with them were greasy and doughy, meat was in huge pieces, not fajita-cut.  Queso dip was runny.  I had puffy taco lunch... okay, but that's about it.  Too many great places to eat in Nola to spend $$ on average foodOne of my favorite places with some of the best fajitas you will ever have.  I like it so much, my family took me here for my recent birthday.  Great service, reasonable prices, and located in a picturesque area of NOLA.  If you want Mexican, do not fail to visit Superior Grill.Huge portions, phenomenal food and a great wait staff are only part of it. The ambiance inside is beautiful and the location in the Garden District is great as well. Do yourself a favor and eat here.Best enchiladas ever! I love the atmosphere! I had a frozen margarita swirled with sangria and it was amazing! It's always packed but well worth the wait! Trust me, get the combo enchiladas!Food wise, I give this place a solid 4-star rating; Factor in the service though and I'm thoroughly impressed. I stopped in on a beautiful Sunday afternoon while hosting a friend from out of town. We were riding along on the streetcar when she mentioned she was hungry, and this was the first restaurant we passed. So in we went.
The food was good, but I don't remember what we ordered. Tacos, enchiladas, whatever. If you're looking for Mexican food, I actually like Juan's or Felipe's better.  But it was definitely good. We ordered frozen margarita's for $6 a pop, and they aren't huge but definitely got the job done. (And they were really good- not too sweet, not too much bite, just delicious.) 
Our server, Dean, was absolutely perfect. He was quick with our drinks and food, and while we were eating I could see him walking by checking on us, but he did it without interrupting our conversation or being too overbearing which is a hard balance to find. After the initial check to make sure we were satisfied with our food and had everything we needed, the only other time he talked to us when our drinks were getting low to see if we wanted another round. But like I said, he was never too far away so if I did need anything he would have been easy to find. When it came time to pay, he asked if we wanted separate checks or all on one, and these days that pretty much blows me away because I can't think of a single time when dining out in this town that a server has offered to split the check. (It's the little things...) The cherry on top was after he gave me my bill I decided I wanted a beverage to go (because hey- it was beautiful out, it was Sunday Funday, and it's New Orleans so I could) and Dean didn't even blink an eye about having to change my bill after he had rung me up AND he remembered that I don't like salt on my margarita's even though a solid 30 minutes had gone by since I ordered my first one and it was kind of busy. Having been a waitress in a former life, I know how easy it is to just forget the small requests like that, or to even just not care to remember them. I was half tempted to leave Dean my business card so I could steal him away from Superior Grill and offer him a job, but then who would take care of me next time I eat there?Food blows. I don't get why people flock to this place. They get two stars because it's a great spot to stand in front of during Muses. It's crowded but you get fairly decent throws.I wouldn't say it's authentic or even pretend to know what that means but the food is savory delightful and full of diversity. Definitely worth trying. Have not been disappointed yet.  
Favorite dish is the brisket flau combo.Best cheese dip in town!!  They also have great lunch specials during the week.Classic Tex-Mex.  Good but not "Superior" as the name would suggest.
The highlight are the margaritas, which in the 4:30pm to 6:30pm happy hour are a real bargain.  They are loaded up with sour mix, though.  The top shelf versions are better, but some of them are so sweet they are nearly undrinkable.
Food is ok, but they do have some standouts--including a sizzling flank steak (lunch only), brisket quesadillas, and their ceviche.Very nice and good service. Only complaint, noise. Need to dampen the sharpness if possible.Great place to hang out and eat appetizers with a few drinks, but honestly, it's a bit overpriced for what you get. If it's not happy hour, the drinks are overpriced. 
The quality of the ingredients of the food is pretty good, but I haven't really eaten anything there that I felt like I craved coming back to besides the steak for the fajitas. 
If the prices were more affordable, this would have been an easy 4 star. 
Having said that, I'll be back quite often because my friends love this place. 
The service has always been good here.First time in New Orleans, stayed in the Hampton hotel next to the restaurant. The food here was spot on, she had the soft shell crab enchilada and I had the ceviche. Both where finger licking good. We both had margaritas and they were A++, a must have.Don't eat in the dining room. Go to the bar during happy hour and get to know any of their amazing bartenders. Get a frozen marg no salt. Its loaded with meth and alcohol deliciousnessYum-O!  I loved this place.  I was in New Orleans for a work thing and wanted a nice lunch even though I was by myself and after trying to find a place with more traditional New Orleans cuisine, I ended up here, which is like tex-mex.  I had these fajitas that were just so good.  The steak was tender and rich, just really excellent and the service was great too.  I sat in the bar, but the bartender was fast and when I needed to take about half of my meal with me he included all of the to-go trimmings, salsa, plastic-wear, everything, I will definitely go back next time I'm in NO.If you're looking for great Tex-Mex at a reasonable price, then Superior Grill is worth a visit.  The food is incredibly fresh and flavorful.  The prices are reasonable, portions are generous, the wait staff is friendly, and there's always a bustling crowd.
Popular with college students and Uptown families, the wait can be long on weekend evenings, but it's well worth the wait.  This has become one of my regular haunts as it is located just down the street from my building.
Try the Shredded Pork Enchiladas or the Superior combo for a big hearty dinner.  And don't forget the margarita!I've been here 4 or 5 times. They have good food, decent service and the drinks are strong. $16 for a large frozen margarita is kind of a lot but it is strong. The chips and salsa are good and plentiful. Their enchiladas and tacos are good but I would not recommend the black beans.Went there Sunday night.  I mentioned to the waiter that we were celebrating a 20th anniversary and they bought desserts for the whole table.  Very classy gesture.  We are vegetarian, the menu was VERY vegetarian friendly.  I recommend the veggie quesadillas. A huge plate, perfect to split between 2 people.  The nachos were awesome.  Our whole table loved the veggie friendly menu items.In the three visits I've made here, I've never really been too impressed, but it's really not bad. It's a pretty huge restaurant, and has high visibility at its location on St. Charles, but the ambiance feels to me like a T.G.I. Friday's or equivalent experience.
In my visits, I've stuck by the Tex-Mex standards offered, which comprise the bulk of their menu. Nothing presented fantastically or particularly tasty, just pretty average, which isn't bad!
It's decent food, and again, served in a location that's really visible & easily accessible. Kind of an "if you're in the area, and want something familiar, alright, man" experience; nothing that would compel a special trip.
I just wish that I could have experienced the grill that existed prior which was deemed inferior to this, necessitating the construction of a Superior Grill.Great lively Mexican - great food and plenty of it, very good if a little pricey top shelf Margarita. Excellent service despite it's usually very busy to overflowing dining room. Just 1 block along from Foucher street stop on the St Charles Avenue Street Car.The first time I went here the service was great, and food pretty good.  I had the beef fajitas, and the beef was tender and very flavorful.
Finally was able to go back this past weekend, and had a totally different experience.  Our waitress was very unattentive.  We had to wave her down to refill our water glasses and for more salsa.  This time I ordered the beef tacos, while my husband got the fish and shrimp tacos.  Both were a disappointment.  No flavor at all.  We were dunking our tacos into the salsa to give it some flavor.
I hope this was just a bad expereince.  Will give it one more chance before I add it to my "Do Not" listLocated on St Charles Av, right on most Mardi Gras parade routes, is this great Mexican restaurant. With a large venue, you're definitely able to get a seat though the wait may be a tad long. The venue includes a full, open bar to have a drink or two. The menu is pretty big also with lots of variety to choose from! Recommend getting the tacos or burrito, any variety is good!I grew up in Texas, so I'm very biased toward Mexican food.  Most of the food is nothing special and somewhat bland.  The only thing special is the price as in being very overpriced.  I could have microwaved a better cheese quesodilla.Eh....I've been here twice and have not been impressed either time.  You certainly don't want to go here for great food.  It's mediocre.  The margaritas are okay, not as strong as they are made out to be.  ALSO, the service was not great either time I've been there (the second time it was horrible) and since I was with a party of 6 or more I had to automatically pay a gratuity of 20%.  Overall, this place is nothing special and everything in general is just pricey.  Superior Grill is decent for atmosphere with a large group but with so many great places in NOLA, why settle?The margaritas are well worth going for if you aren't interested in the food. Sitting outside on a hot Sunday afternoon I enjoyed chips salsa quesadilla and a strawberry margarita with my friendsSuperior Grill.
Home of the Roofie-ritas! I say this because if you have more than one large margarita, you may as well have been roofied. Seriously, normal sized people cannot handle more than two of these suckers and that's if you munch on chips and salsa! If you opt for just booze, plan to only have one!
Make sure to hit up the happy hour to save some money. 3-6 daily. Large margaritas are 1/2 price. That really is a deal considering how much they knock you on your ass.
Ask for Pechuga salsa instead of their tomato sauce based house salsa. Pechuga is chalk full of fresh veggies and has a nice kick to it.
Best plans for Superior. Go with a group, split fajitas, drink margaritas, enjoy complimentary chips and salsa, but make sure to do it between 3-6!
Plan for a sober Steve or Sally if you plan on having more than one of the Roofie-ritas.I think I made a mistake. Superior is good, but it could be a lot better if I were drunk. 
I'm with Jen S. In Nola, you gotta take what you can get if you're looking for good Mexican food. This place is a pinch over priced depending on what you get and what time of day it is. I think it's best to only hit this place up for the lunch specials and happy hour.
  I had lunch here a few weeks ago, and I got the Mahi Mahi. While it was exactly what I needed at the moment, I filled up on chips and cheese way too early as usual and could barely touch my fish. Oh well, more for later. 
  Next time, I'd rather get full on margaritas instead. They looked beautiful, and it's all anyone ever seems to talk about besides the nachos here.Delish!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My quesadilla was excellent!!!!! Everything was fresh and  well prepared!...and the Strawberry Margarita wasn't bad either!The service is usually good. They refill chips and salsa regularly, and split checks with no hassle (can't say that about all restaurants). The food is mediocre, but no ones goes to superior for a 5 star meal. My 2 favorite things are the steak nachos and the fajitas.Inferior grill. A once very good restaraunt riding on it's name. Slow serivce, over-priced and skimpy portions are my take-aways from my last visit. I've eaten here several times over the years and there has been a steady decline.I have had so many great experiences here at this place! It happens to be superior above any grill you can think of! The frozen margaritas are delicious and you might even find yourself drunk texting your boss that you won't be making to the office the next day(not that, that happened to me... But it might have happened to a friend... Might have..) the servers are great when it comes to filling you up on chips and Margs! My only complaint is that it's a little bit on the pricier side of the Mexican restaurants. 
After you stumble out of here you can just catch a ride on the street car to your next stop. 
There are a variety of seating options. I gotta say they can accommodate your table of 2 or even up to 20! This place is the bomb diggity, yep I said it.I would return for the atmosphere, location and drinks. The food wasnt bad, it just wasnt good enough to visit here for food alone. I found the happy hour margaritas had too much sweet & sour, so I'd suggest the top shelf, specialty or just sticking to mixed drinks during happy hour. Our waitress was super sweet and adorable, but there was some confusion about exactly who was our server so we prob waited at least 30 -45 min to get our drink order in. I did really enjoy the atmosphere, its just a nice, fun restaurant and I noticed a lot of adults. Not saying there is anything wrong with kids, but during happy hour with friends, if a child is in earshot you tend to tone down the conversation. One negative is that it feels a little chain restaurant-y but without the lower prices of one. 
As a preview review stated, New Orleans is a city known for phenomenal restaurants, I think if you're going for Mexican food alone, there are better options in the city.  If you're looking for a fun, festive happy hour w/ drinks and appetizers, its a good choice!Great server. Even better food! Had the crawfish enchiladas and it was delicious. Our waiter was super sweet and made our night even more enjoyable.Best service of my life. Anthony was smart, attentive, and knew my needs almost instinctually.      Salsa. Served. Drinks. Filled. Food. Nice. There's one thing in this life that is certain... Anthony.I know this place isn't a culinary destination but this restaraunt and location on St. Charles is a New Orleans landmark. The chips and salsa is great and the cheap american style tex-mex is certainly filling and tasty. Also, don't forget about all the frozen drinks they offer. It's a local spot for happy hour drinks on Friday along with always being super crowded from decades of tradition on Wednesday nights. Great place for kids or a big group. It's easy and always good!!The 4 stars are in reference to the happy hour margaritas alone. After sampling the food I don't think I'd ever eat there again, but the drinks are mighty fine. I would recommend going to Superior Grill and ordering a big margarita if you have been having trouble sleeping. Drink one of those for happy hour and you're looking at a 9 o'clock bedtime. Drink two and the streetcar becomes your bed. They do the trick if you are looking to feel good.Way better atmosphere than Juans (mexican in NOLA is limited), but there is almost always a crazy wait since its on St Charles and touristy (and also a local favorite).  The margaritas are not all theyre cracked up to be--they use cheap jose, so youre guaranteed heartburn, and they cost a fortune (and ive yet to get drunk off one, even a double...hmm..in new orleans??).  The superior burrito is awesome, and unlike juans they dont charge for refills of chips and salsa.  Do be prepared to wait a long time, especially on the weekends, and a LOT of children/families who will maul you if you wait inside on the benches....New favorite Mexican restaurant.
If you go be sure to get sopapillas. Best dessert I've had in a while. Too good for words.No one comes to NOLA for Mexican food but dammit we do come to drink. The margaritas here are legendary. Just freaking amazing. They also have foodI've wanted to check this place out for some time now. I've heard good things about it. Upon arrival we were told to expect a 20 minute wait so we had a seat at the bar. We were served chips and salsa as we took out seats. Snappy service is always a plus!  I think just maybe I thought about this place a little too long and expected more than I got. First impression... the bartender was a jerk. I would expect to have a snobby bartender at say Commanders Palace or The Ritz Carlton. He was out of his element. Unlike the drinks he pours, he was a little too stiff. 
I don't mind paying a lot for a good drink, especially a good top shelf margarita but OMG.... I had two (2) margaritas made with Milagro Silver & Gran Gala. The menu price read $8.50 for a single. Somehow I ended up being charged $32.00 for my 2 margaritas. Yes, they were in fact quite tasty but not THAT tasty. I'm thinking this was due to a breakdown in communication between the waiter and myself. Oh well. C'est la vie! 
I am a fan of ceviche. If it's on the menu, I'm gonna try it. On a scale from 1 to 5, I'd give it a 4. I've yet to find ceviche to top the one Lola's on Esplanade offers. I would order this one again. Yum! 
As my entree I had the "Tacos de Brisket - 11.50
Soft white corn tortillas filled with fresh oven roasted brisket.  Served with cilantro, red onions, avocado, jalapenos and homemade tomatillo sauce" - copied from the menu... :) The description is quite accurate. I enjoyed it. I would probably order it again. It was served with my choice of black bean, tortilla soup, or beans and rice. I chose the black bean soup which was average. 
Finally, out of curiosity, I ordered the sopapillas. Average fried dough served with honey, garnished with powdered sugar. I have fond memories of the sopapillas from Pancho's on Vets. (ain't there no more :) I have yet to find a restaurent that uses the exact same recipe. Nevertheless, these were good. 
Conclusion: If you have an issue with paying 30 somthing bucks for margaritas, verify the price with the waiter prior to consumption of your cocktail.Food was not good at all! The chicken was burnt to a crisp, and the Manager was rude, and made excuse after excuse for the burnt food. Will not go back.I only went to this place because it was right down the block from my hotel.
It was clean, and the food was ehh ok. But what gives this place my 3stars is the helpful, funny, friendly as hell staff. Maybe is cuz im from New York, maybe cuz im kind of a bitch. But this whole city is so friendly!
This place had a family vibe about it, it seemed like everyone there knew each other. I liked it, the food could be better, and the drinks could be stronger. But the people make this placeWent here with my boss for lunch today.  We got our chips and salsa fairly quickly as well as our water.  The service was great and fast.  I ordered the steak fajitas which were really good.  My boss got the tamales.  They weren't as hot as they should have been and they were a little dry.This place was next to our hotel so we gave it a try our first night in town.  Great menu selection, great food and the service was prompt.  Portion sizes were huge and prices fair.I'm basing this rating on one dish, but it's the dish I get every time I go. It's the Fajitas Mesquite on the lunch menu. This is not sizzling fajitas, but a grilled, butterflied skirt steak. Be sure to ask for the butter sauce because it makes the dish. This dish is large and delicious. There is basically the same dish on the dinner menu, but it costs $10 more ($22.95 vs. $12.95), which is why I only go for lunch, and it's called by another name, Fajita Steak Tampiquena.The 3-star rating is a little high, its really a 2.5-star.  This place has a nicer up-scale, but not trendy, bar.  The food is average, not good, not bad, but completely unremarkable.  They have a prime location on St. Charles Ave, and tons of glass wrapping around two sides of the place, but that's about the highlight of the place.  Parking here always sucks.  Service is average, or below average.This place is right next to the hotel I've stayed in for months on end and I've only been there a couple times.  That should say something.  
The food is bland, void of any seasoning.  The few plates I've gotten look like leftovers just taken out of a microwave.The chips and salsa are crap.  Some people say they like the margaritas... I happen to think that they are also crap.  Haven't gotten a buzz offa ONE of 'em.
You could do a lot better making tacos from the Ortega kit at home.Happy Hour is great, but who actually makes it in time for half off drinks? Not this gal .. It's definitely a nice place to have group dinners great margaritas but the food really isn't all the greatest .. DO NOT go to Superior on college game days if you are not an LSU fan .. !!Only stopped by for margaritas once.  Yes, the are $15 each, which does suck.  It did take me awhile to drink the whole thing, and it was tasty, so I won't hate too much.  Fortunately they give you free chips and salsa even if you don't order food.  
The bartender was very cool.  I inquired about Malibu Black, because I noticed they had it behind the bar and I had recently seen commercials.  I asked him what the difference between Malibu and Malibu Black was and he brought both bottles onto the bar to inspect them with me.  At first he thought it was just light and dark rum.  Then he poured a little of each into a couple of shot glasses so I could try them (I didn't even ask him to do that!).  Malibu was yum, and Malibu Black WHOA definitely a higher proof.  I was glad I could help teach the bartender a little something, and I was also happy that he entertained my question- he didn't have to.  Gotta love when servers and bartenders go above and beyond their basic job description.  Sorry to get off track, but the experience did put Superior a little higher on my list.Overpriced for what you get!  The place was nice and they welcomed the family.  All goods, I will not knock their customer service.  The waiter did a great upsell on the salsa sampler.  The salsa and chile con queso was ehhh!  Right our of a jar or can.  The guac, however, was good.  Our meals were ok and not bad.  My wife had the pulled pork tacos and I had the sizzling shrimp brochetas.  I think our bill should have been 2/3rds what we paid.  We regularly go to Rum House for tacos and get a much more diverse selection at a fraction of the price as Superior.Ick. Just.. ick! If this place wasn't near a college or on St. Charles, it wouldn't have lasted long. The food is just slung together (not to mention that the vegetarian options are so limited it's sad. everything has beef fat in it!!) The restaurant itself is really well decorated and clean, but it's filled with college kids slugging shots at 5 PM and loudly talking on their phones. The other reviewers are right, the drinks ARE strong. They'd have to be, or I think they would have a smaller customer base.Reason: The strongest margaritas in town.
Drink:  Margarita: frozen or on the rocks, original or strawberry. 
Drank:  Imported beer: straight from the sands of Mexico 
Drunk:  Shot of Patron: never a bad idea
mindless musings:
It might not be the best margarita we've ever had and it's certainly not the best Mexican food we've ever had. Thus, Superior Grill has forced us into the realization that our ratings of Mexican restaurants are largely based on quantity and not quality. And as Superior Grill continues to offer us immense portions of Mexican flavored morsels, we continue to find ourselves happily going back for more and more. 
Our trips to Superior usually involve grabbing a Margarita to go, as it's perfectly located uptown on St. Charles, allowing for easy access during Mardi Gras and the 5pm drive home from work. However, we understand that sometimes Mexican food and margaritas deserve a whole night of dedication. At Superior, you should have no trouble finding a table to gorge yourself at over lunch or on a weeknight, but do expect an hour wait on Friday and Saturday nights, especially for big groups. However, any day of the week will ultimately be a good day to dine as the chips are crispified on site all day long, and delivered promptly to your table upon ordering your drink. And we could happily wait for a table for 3 hours with that kind of gratuity.  
But if the free chips don't assuage the inconvenience of a long wait, we don't think you should necessarily blame the size of the restaurant (it's huge) or the effort of the wait staff (they try real hard). But please feel free to blame yourself and your fellow patrons.
Thus we introduce our first post utilizing our Ethnic Restaurant Behavior Theory: 
Normal Restaurant Behavior (the other NRB acronym):
1. Everyone decides on what they want to eat and orders individually.
2. Everyone in the group orders a single order when the waiter approaches the table. 
Mexican Restaurant Behavior (MRB):
 1. Everyone decides what they want to eat and orders individually.
            a. Then while the order is being taken, half of the table changes their mind 
                at the last second because they suddenly decide they want to:
                      i. give in and share the fajitas
                           1. (even though they were secretly aware the whole time that 
                                 consuming the entire fajita plate on their own would be sheer 
                                 madness.)
                       ii. not order anything and dine solely on the complimentary chips 
                           and salsa all night
                           1. (and give others at the table disapproving glances as everyone 
                                tries to consume their fair share of the free food. Because, 
                                everyone should recognize that she obviously didn't order 
                                anything because she is poor and/or trying to lose weight. 
                                Therefore, if you're still going to eat the chips and salsa, you 
                                 don't care that she can't afford food and/or agree that she 
                                 should lose weight.)
2. Everyone orders as a group when the waiter approaches the table. 
           a. Then the table proceeds to individually shout for the waiter every time 
                he/she comes within a 20 foot radius, because you are desperately 
                lacking:
                      i. an imported beer you can't pronounce, 
                      ii. some more free salsa, 
                     iii. some more free chips, 
                     iv. some more free chips and salsa, 
                     v. a frozen strawberry margarita with a sugar rim (because any extra 
                        salt in your diet would make you bloat...)
However, as chauvinistic as you decide to be about it (and if you're an American we're banking on a high level of chauvinism) Superior's waiters will dutifully concede to your incessant demands and bring you that 6th bowl of free salsa. But while you're stomach is churning and gurgling from the toxic pH level you've allowed it to achieve, don't go with your instinct to blame Mexico. All Mexico did was helped to make New Orleans a little more delicious and a lot more intoxicated. So get out there and live the Mexican/American/New Orleanian dream at Superior Grill!
Fun Fact: 85% of the construction workers that helped rebuild New Orleans in the aftermath of Katrina were Mexican Americans.
"Laissez les bon temps rouler"
          - The 7th Bowl of Free Salsa 
Insider Tips:
Chips and Salsa: Complimentary 
Margaritas:  Not complimentary
Dos Equis Lager: Green bottle
Dos Equis Amber: Brown bottlemeh. the food is never very good, the chicken seems to be low quality and nothing is special or very flavorful. I always think about the Zagat review that said, "more like mediocre grill." TRUTH.
I know the happy hour and margaritas are good, but shouldn't the food be too for a place this popular and since it is primarily a restaurant?The location is nice but the food is mediocre and overpriced. My wife ordered a hamburger. It was 14$ and was worth 6$. I ordered 13$ nachos that were worth 4$. No attention to flavor or presentation. The margarita was so-so. If the food and service were quick then maybe it would be a good option. I suggest that you stay on the streetcar until the quarter and pay high prices for decent food.One of the better mexican places in NOLA, although it really is Tex-Mex, and not at all authentic. Great place to go for happy hour and have some cerveza or magaritas. Great menu selection. Great location. Great fun.Very mediocre mexican food. First time I met a cheese enchilada I couldn't eat. I don't know where you get thick gloopy tasteless cheese but they do.  Salsa too sweet, green sauce bland. Service was good.Ok lets get one thing straigt, MEXICAN FOOD SUCKS IN THE SOUTH!!!  Mexican food is not supposed to be covered in "cheese sauce".  Mexican food is not fajitas and chimichangas.
Having said that Superior Grill is up near the top of places I go to eat "Mexican Inspired food".  I like this place because the tortillas are hand made.  Too bad the salsa is either a mix of fresh and canned ingredients or just really good canned food.
They have a sample platter for two which includes slied steak, ribs, chicken and the best butterfly garlic shrimp I have tasted around.  Too bad they send it out on a huge bed of overcooked burnt onions.
They have plenty of tv's to watch the game as you enjoy a dos equis lager (the real Mexican beer)  but watch out for lunch and early dinner visits as you will be expected to wait at least 30 minutes.  Also find a parking spot on this side of town is going to take you another 30 minutes!!!
But if you cant get out to L.A. or San Diego, the a trip out to Superior Grill might just be what you are looking for.Superior is the place to be while waiting around during the parades at Mardi Gras - I've been coming to New Orleans for years and we always joke we can't leave the city without making a pit stop here. What really makes this place stand out is their margaritas! If you're here during Mardi Gras, take advantage of their to-go cups to enjoy an icy marg while the parades are going on outside the door. While it is disappointing that their prices have gone up on the margaritas, they are delicious!
The decor and ambiance in this place is the coolest - depending on when you come, it can be PACKED - so be forewarned to wait in a bathroom line for at least 10 minutes +
I've had the quesadillas, enchiladas, and Crispy Puff Taco while visiting here over the years and I can definitely say all of their food is delicious! The wait staff is friendly (especially when it's packed and chaotic). Give this place a try!We ate here during Mardi Gras night. Although we had a hour wait it was worth it. We watch the parade while we waited. The food was good but the menu variety was less than normal. Drinks were good and strong.Love the margaritas, queso dip, and the boyfriend loves the fajitas. Occasionally our order gets messed up (chicken instead of beef) but the servers always work to immediately fix the issue.I couldn't really comment on the food because I'm usually drunk by the time I get mine. 
Speaking of drunk - the margaritas are the best I've ever had. Get the double, and you only need one. Trust me, just one. More than that and you're too drunk for even this restaurant. 
Parking is difficult and the wait is usually forever long, but go there knowing that and its no problem. And, the margaritas are worth it.I just stopped here off of the street car for a quick, frozen margarita. It was fantastic! We just had chips and salsa too, which were good. The salsa had a title kick to it. The margaritas were strong and the service was excellent!
I'm definitely stopping by here next time I'm in town!Superior Grill might have the worst food in NOLA.  Really just not good.  Do not get the nachos for sure.  I thought I was going to cry.  Instead of a big pile of nachos like the rest of America, it was individually made nachos.  and there were only 6!!!  really bad food.
here is the thing.  superior grill is a popular place to go and hang out. and drink.  i am fine with that.  go, hang out, drink.  just dont eat there.  the food is an insult to the city.  go and drink with rest of the young hip crowd of NOLABest. Damned. Margherita.  The food is great too. If you go here though, you had better be prepared to scream if you want to have a conversation.  It is a very noisy place.  In short, great food, even better drinks.Women love superior. I'll crush the chips and salsa. But too damn pricey for mediocre at best food.Quite simply THE BEST Tex Mex!!  While visiting NOLA we were able to enjoy Superior Grill - not only once but twice! It reminded us of our days living in Shreveport and spending many hours at Superior Grill.Ah, Superior Grill.  A favorite among my friends, I have a love-hate relationship with the place.  Easily accessible from Tulane University, I've spent many a happy-hour here.  The food is nothing the rave about, rather pricey for what it is, but the margaritas are darn tasty and the happy-hour price makes them more appetizing (double margarita for the price of a single margarita, $6).  
My advice to you, stop by for the happy-hour specials, nom on the free chips and salsa, enjoy the lively atmosphere, and then skedaddle your way to another bar or restaurant once the clock strikes 6:00 PM.  
If you decide to dine here, I suggest sharing the fajitas with a friend--you're served a sizable portion of meat, veggies, and fixin's to share comfortably between.  Plus, you're probably already full from that margarita and those chips and salsa you just downed.  They serve large groups well and can handle a rowdy crowd (hello, Mardi Gras). 
Sure, there's better Mexican food out there.  But is the place fun?  Yes.  And somehow, I just keep coming back for more.Superior Grill is a great happy hour location if you like margaritas, or as the bartender at the Bulldog so eloquently put it, "blackout-aritas". Yes, it's true, these puppies are strong. And happy hour means you get a double dose for the price of one! So remember kids that if you have 2 margaritas at happy hour, it means you downed approximately 4, so when you're having troubles making it to the car don't proclaim "I only had 2!" The food at Superior is pretty decent for a chain Tex-Mex place (says the girl from Virginia). I like the brisket quesadilla, but quite honestly I wouldn't go to Superior if it wasn't: A) in my neighborhood and B) serving up those kick-butt margaritas. So if you're in the area or heading Uptown or back to the Quarter on the streetcar, hop off and enjoy one of the better happy hours in the city.Met some friends here and had heard about the raves one of them gave this place. Overall great food and our server (Phoebe M.) was just awesome. She took great care of us and even made a suggestion for my meal that was perfect for what I was looking for. I would go back if in NOLA again.Maybe it's simply not for me, but I really don't understand the popularity of this place. Overpriced, overrated, and Tex-Mex is such a tired concept. I've been here twice with 2 different groups of people. The food wasn't necessarily terrible, but it certainly wasn't anything I'd ever want to revisit. Perhaps it's more of a tourist draw, as the environment seems very much geared towards the late night socialite kind of person.What an excellent restaurant! We ate here twice on our vacation to new orleans. The staff and owner we're incredibly friendly, the restaurant was clean and nicely decorated, and the food was absolutely amazing. Make sure to stop here next time you're in the area, you won't be disappointed.I guess it's the booze that keeps people coming in, because the food is really boring. 
If I had kids who are on a beige food diet, or friends/relatives that can't handle anything spicy, or it has to look like the pictures on the menus at Chevy's, then, well, it's OK.
You actually enjoy Mexican food? You won't be happy. Or, you'll order enough top-shelf margaritas not to care.I was told to come here due to the rave reviews from my friends and family. I ordered the Mexicali Grande Plate. The tortilla was little tough but I liked the chicken. Also the food wasn't hot when it came out to our table. I should have known its not very authentic place to dine. My experience rate is..... ehhhhhhh.Free chips and salsa are so delicious. Queso is great. The rest of the menu is just ok, but it's a fun spot to eat at once in awhile.For me, Superior Grill is good for a few things: chips and salsa, queso, margaritas, and fun nights with big groups of people.
The majority of Superior's food is simply not that great, and many dishes seem thrown together without much thought to how thoroughly cooked everything is (veggies especially) and whether it arrives warm. I generally order fajitas, tacos, or a burrito, which is approximately 3 meals on 1 plate, if I make it past gorging myself on chips and salsa/queso. Portions are large, though prices are high based on the quality of the food. 
Beware the end of happy hour at 6:00, NOT 6:30 as some believe, as the large flavored marg doubles in price to an insane $15. This is bad news for a strawberry margarita enthusiast such as myself.
Expect a really long wait on Friday nights and weekends, as well as on holidays. Service is usually okay, though they're willing to accommodate large groups and are good at handling crazy bill requests in these instances.I stood at the bar for 12 minutes . I times it after 5 min. All  2 men bartenders were not making drinks. one was carring on a conversation with a server.  The other was changing the tv. literally took him 10 min to find a station. This was a Sunday evening at 6pm. I am from New Orleans.  Born and raised.  Ive been coming to Superior for 20+ years. and have never seen this kind of service. There are a lot more restaurants in this city to not be ignored. Finally I alerted the manager and he was very nice and apologized. The bartender never did. Thats why im writing the review. Oh by the way fellas behind the bar. I'm a expert flair bartender now for 20 years. There is no excuse for your incompetent behavior.  Bartending is a skill. Always be aware of that customer who tips always 100% . You never know who he or she is.CAUTION: THIS RATING COMES WITH A CAVEAT
I am giving 3 stars to Superior Grill ONLY when there is happy hour (until 7:00), after this my rating lowers to 2 stars.
Why you ask? Because Superior Grill is all about Margarita Happy hour. Margaritas in Superior Grill are like crack, they will make you very drunk very quickly and you will have a massive hangover the next day.
I recommend having only one. But I always have two and I never remember half of what happened after that point. Fun times.
Food is crappy. Stick with the provided chips.
Drinks lots of water to avoid losing half a day in recovery,
Enjoy!My favorite Mexican spot for some fajitas and margaritas. Great happy hour and always quick service.Mexican food, of course! The name doesn't scream "come eat fajitas!" but Superior Grill is full on Mexican cuisine, margs included! My boyfriend lives right around the corner and it never fails that there's tons of people outside waiting for a table here. After eating there I'm not sure what the hype is all about. I heard a lot of people go there for drinks before they start their evening...maybe that's all they're good for.
You start your meal with endless chips and salsa, like all good Mexican restaurants. The atmosphere was really loud so it was hard to enjoy conversation with my party. I ordered the fish tacos. I wouldn't order them again. The literally put 2 pieces of fried fish on double soft corn tortillas and all the fixings are on the side. To complete fish tacos there needs to be cabbage, no cabbage at Superior Grill. My beans and rice were the best thing I had there.
I'd probably go back because of how convenient it is to J's house but I don't think it's a place we'll be taking friends too. Unless, of course, we want to order some take out margaritas.Ive been coming here for 10 years. The margaritas are the best in town especially when they are 2 for 1 during happy hour 3:30-6pm. I always get the mouth watering queso which is a soft white melted cheese with onions and peppers. Now that I mentioned the two best things on the list lets talk about food. No the food is not traditional Mexican. I would consider the food good and average. Not excellent but not terrible either. The ambiance is also fun and lively.Not so "superior" in my opinion. ....and I enjoyed my meal in the company of a true "meheecan". We ordered tacos....carnitas and brisket. Loved the accompaniments but when it came to the meat (which is the big one for either one) the carnitas fell short ...BIG TIME!!! Even the salsa couldn't save it. Let me know and i will tell you of three places to get better, and one of those  is my house! (Yes thats how serious I am about carnitas!)...Superior is overpriced, underflavored  (yes it should be  a word) and service is slow, utterly inattentive to say the least (I don't care if I'm there at 14:00...you're working for tips man!!!! And we  still gave you more than deserved ! Not once did you come back and ask about refills  or even if the food was good!?) 
Let's get it straight,  the one thing that made this meal enjoyable was the company...it had nothing to do with what was offered and provided at the premises which costs a pretty dollar. The food was okay but I know of a couple "hole in the  wall" places that are "superior" to this location  - pun intended ) 
Seriously, I cook better at home for less!!!!Uptown favorite of mine! If you're looking for top quality Tex-Mex, great happy hour, and delicious margaritas; this is the place to be. If the weather is perfect, sit back and enjoy a drink and some of their delicious queso & guacamole on their huge outdoor patio. Friendly attentive service and awesome food. Can't wait for my next stop at this uptown destination!Generic atmosphere, but if you have a really large group (e.g. 20 people) it's one of the few places that can probably fit you all at one table!Loved this restaurant. The waitress was very nice and went out of her way to make sure my meal was peanut free!  The atmosphere was great and the food was very good!This is by far the BEST place in NOLA.  Whenever I am home (NOLA) I must get my Superior Grill "fix" in.  Living in California where the Mexican food is the BEST. New Orleanians have no idea just how great this place is.  Food is always hot, fresh and delicious.  They always provide us with booster seats for the Children and the drinks are to die for!!!  This place has been around since my early 20's when I was living in New Orleans. NOLA Proud to call it home.  It was great then and still is. Waiters and Hostess's are always friendly and greet you with a smile. Bathrooms are clean and spotless.  I believe Patio seating is available, however, I have not yet used it.  It's way too much fun sitting inside.  My favorite is the Salsa and Chips they serve while waiting for our food. Food, I always try something different when I eat here. I have never been disappointed. Also affordable.  They provided us with crayons and paper to keep the kids busy so our family could catch up and enjoy our time together.  You will not be disappointed for visiting Superior.  Who would have ever known I could find Mexican food like here in Southern California in NOLA????  This place rocks.  I plan to spend my next Birthday here.  Of Course, with out the children!  You will not be disappointed. 5 stars!!!!The food here is mediocre. Definitely not the best Mexican in town.If you are 22 years old, you probably think that you have hit the mother lode.  Anyone older should recognize this for the tourist trap sh*thole that it is.   Admittedly it looks like a fine venue from the street.   Don't be fooled.   Overpriced margaritas served in styrofoam cups to unwitting tourists that unfortunately wander by are the stock in trade.   Go in, take a whiz then leave.Go here, grab a spot at the bar, and make friends. That's the way to do this place. Find Tony, Matt, or Tim, and order your drink quickly. This isn't a place you want to go and waffle about what kind of drink to have. Trust me, you want a margarita. And yes, they have smalls, but you won't get one unless you specifically ask. But, during happy hour, you can get a large for the price of a small. 
Once you've got your drink, then you can peruse the menu at your leisure. The food is good -- try the brisket tacos, the tuna steak or the tortilla soup -- but the atmosphere in the bar is what makes this place. Everyone becomes friends around that bar.
They also serve brunch, with killer Bloody Mary's (or Marias) and mimosas, and the breakfast quesadilla is to die for. The portion sizes are good too.I truly love this place. Although the food is more Tex mex i always enjoy whatever food I get. The fajitas are my favorite item and are big enough for two to share. Most importantly you cannot beat their margaritas. Best margaritas! Period. A little pricey but take advantage of the happy hour specials- it's worth it! 
It's hard to find places in the city to accommodate large parties so it's a go to for birthdays and events where a lot of people are celebrating. 
If I ever move away from New Orleans this is one place I'll truly miss!I would recommend something other than the fajitas. The shrimp, chicken, and steak fajita was a bit overpriced for what it came with. The shrimp still had the shell on. There was 1 green pepper slice. Not that many onions. I personally like to pile on veggies to my fajitas. Waiter was great though!Service was a little slow and the waiter kept forgetting items, but the food was delicious! I got the shrimp quesadilla and was pleasantly surprised with how good it was! Will definitely come here again!This popular Tex Mex place is really quite bad! LOL. For some reason though we still go. The atmosphere is fun but leans towards feeling like ChiChi's (if that chain is still around). Chichi's food was honestly a lot better. I usually stick with tacos which are just ok, any attempt to venture out has been pretty terrible. The salsa is truly terrible. It's pasty and tastes like it's made with canned tomato paste. If you are looking for a good meal in New Orleans this is NOT it!!  Why is it so popular then? Well probably because it's kid friendly and people seem to like the large to-go margaritas.This place is desperate. Food is crap. The onions weren't cooked. Tortilla were cold. Food runner couldn't speak English. Just desperate and was then told by the server the chef was not thereFood quite good, tried several items, but the service was horrible. Sat at a table inside where I was looking over the outside area where I seen the other customers getting much better service, I noticed in my section other patrons looking for their server also.I've lived in New Orleans for nearly two decades, and it still baffles me a little that this place is so popular. For tourists, it's probably because it's in a high-traffic spot right on St. Charles Ave. near Louisiana. Otherwise, I suppose it's for the same reasons I occasionally drop in-- lively atmosphere, great chips & salsa/queso, and decent, strong margaritas. My only knock on the margaritas is they can be a bit pricey-- $12-14 for a double that uses well tequila served in a styrofoam cup is a bit much.
The service is nearly always good, with staff dressed in white shirts and ties and usually very professional, so that has to bump up my rating a notch. 
The food is edible but nothing to write home about. Mostly pre-processed Sysco stuff thrown together into standard Tex-Mex fare. You know what I'm talking about... the pre-cut, frozen grilled chicken breast slices with the "grill marks" that look like they were painted on in the factory? Refried beans out of a can? Still, at least for the most part they don't overcharge for it. As long as you know what to expect, it's not a bad place to drop in, and the bar has lots of TVs to watch a game.These margaritas are not to be missed. I am not one to boast about frozen margaritas but these are delicious and not too sweet. The food is not out of this world but it is definitely above average. Trust me the quality of the food won't matter after happy hour which doesn't end until 6:00!!I didn't eat here, just stopped for a drink, but I have to put them in the Hall of Shameful Bartending for this experience. I ordered a Tom Collins. The first bartender says, "That's vodka and bitters, right?" He asks another bartender who nods his head, yep, exactly.
I can understand the first guy. Maybe it was a hectic lunch rush. We all get confused from time to time. But the second guy? Obviously he had no idea what the drink was, why try to fake it? Did he think I'd have no idea what was in the drink I just ordered? A Tom Collins is basically gin and lemonade. It's one of the most classic, popular cocktails. If you're gonna work as a bartender at least learn the basics!
Hey, maybe the food is good, I don't know. If you're gonna drink here you might want to stick with the pre-made margarita mix.Best thing about Superior Grill: double margaritas, 3:30-6pm daily.
Worst thing about Superior Grill: double margaritas, upon waking the next day.
I don't think any Mexicans work here, so it's that kind of Mexican place.  I'd say just come here for happy hour and kill some gratis chips and salsa, but a couple of those margaritas will Knock You On Your Ass without some food to back em up.  If the food's not authentic, at least the portions are huge and greasy.
A lunchtime and happy hour favorite, or if you're just on St. Charles searching for a margarita that travels (almost too) well.  Good for groups and nice patio seating.  And I just like it, OK?This was my first visit to Superior In New Orleans as I have frequented the Shreveport location.  We were seated awhile before the chips and salsa arrived the salsa lacked flavor.  The food was average but for sure wasn't as hot as it should've been. I had the brisket tacos  which were flavorful. I was disappointed that they were out of avocado which was supposed to come with the dish and wasn't on there so I asked about it and was told it was on there because they ran out but there was no explanation prior. My husband had the enchiladas which tasted great. We both had the signature margaritas which were deliciousAfter arriving hostess took hubby and I to the furthest table at the back of the restaurant. 10 minutes passed before our waitress ever appeared. She took our drink order and finally brought our drinks about 5 minutes later. This is Mexican rescan we still at this point had no chips and sauce, even after asking our waitress for some. She just replies that the chip person will be coming with it. She never makes an effort to bring any herself. After about another 5 minutes we flag her down and ask her to please bring chips and sauce. She acts bothered the while time. Food came and it is bland and not great, almost like microwave dinners! Ok, we came here because their sister restaurant of the same name in Shreveport is fantastic. This place is horrible, I can't believe they have the same name and are apparently owned by the same company. ?? Do NOT recommend.MMMmm.. One of the best places in New Orleans to get a margarita! Every time I dine at Superior Grill I usually get the same thing, the tampequina! It's AMAZING!!! If you go on Wednesdays, they have 3 for 1 House Margaritas!!! Can't go Wrong with that. Food, drinks and service is always great. Definitely a "GO TO" for a night out with friends!The best Mexican food & the frozen strawberry margaritas were amazing. Be careful they are a bit strong. We live in Mandeville but will definitely be back. It's worth the drive. Great service also!I'm a local here, probably stop in twice a week.
This is a great place for dinner, lunch or brunch. They have happy hour during the week until 6pm. You get a 20oz. Margarita for 1/2 price. It's normally $16 but OMG the absolute best margarita ever. Food is good a little pricey though for just Mexican fare. Still can't pass it up. They have great outside seating on their patio as well. Great place for families,couples, large groups or just single people.shrimp salad and pork suiza fantastic! jeremy makes the best exotic drinks on old recipes, the old fashion is a must at the hands of his professional touch! truly impressed! missed tim, he is on call elsewhere. eating at the bar with these great cats is a pleasure! thanks fellas!Sehr gutes Essen, freundliches Personal, sehr gut besuchtes Lokal, deshalb an machen Stellen etwas Lauter. Straßenbahnhaltestelle in der Nähe.I have been a regular customer here for a long time. The food has had its ups-and-downs, but it has never been as bad as my past two meals. I will not be returning for a while. My salad was not edible. The chicken was significantly overlooked/burned and the bottom of the salad was full of water. Also, the "new" salad dressing seems to be poor quality. I spoke with the manager, Tony, and he did not offer any apologies. Drinks are slipping in quality, too.This has been one of the best dining experience! Th food was fabulous,service impeccable. Chris was attentive and accommodating. Excellent Mexican food! Thank you for taking care of us!!!!Friendly, Fun, Filling. 
Those are the nice things I can say. The food is crap. Is this the best Mexican food New Orleans has to offer? I hope not. It was greasy and flavorless. Usually covering stuff with cheese and frying it is the way to my heart, but I really though I was going to be sick after eating here. The waitress was good, but since she is a Honduran married to a Guatamalan, she should really have warned us or something.Horrible service and horrible food. At one point I had to get up and get the pitcher of water because we were waiting 15 min to our server come by to check on us. The food here used to be AMAZING and unfortunately, that is no longer the case. The checkin fajitas had a pound of seasoning dumped on them, the steak fajitas were a tad bit better but nothing to write home about. Save your money and go somewhere else.Came here for lunch one day on a week day. Overall, this place has decent mexican food but it's just nothing special. The service was good. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. I got the chicken and cheese enchiladas. They were good but again not spectacular. One good thing about this restaurant is that they do give you free chips and salsa to snack on.
Overall, a decent lunch spot although it is slightly pricey for the average quality of the food. But I have heard their margaritas are great so maybe we'll come back and try out the margaritas next time.I used to love Superior Grill, but now it just OK.  Perhaps, I have been exposed to too much high-quality Tex Mex in Texas.    
I started out with a Margarita.  They are overpriced and just OK.  I then ordered my old trusty Tex Mex favorite - Chicken Fajitas.  The hot plate came out with chicken and onion only.  No peppers to be found.  Really?  
Overall, I found the quality to be mediocre and the prices to be high.  Three stars may be generous anywhere else, but I will keep it there for NOLA.Love the margarita specials, and the food is consistently good. I've always had the luck of getting nice/attentive servers. Very loud though, because it's always hopping.My husband and I both had the Poncho lunch burritos stuffed with chicken, paired with sides of rice, and beans, our daughter had the chimichanga, she was not all that impressed with her meal because the chimichanga was served in pieces vs a whole chimichanga that she's used to getting at other restaurants. The chips and salsa were decent, but the guacamole dip we ordered was flavorless, we added salsa to it to spruce up the taste. Overall we left with full stomachs, and enjoyed sitting out on the patio watching the traffic flow by on St. Charles.Went to Louisiana and ended up trying Superior Mexican restaurant.  Kinda sad how we waited almost an hour for our food, my party of 10 literally thought the cooks quit.  When our meal came, it was nothing close to authentic Mexican food...not sure what the rave is all about.  The margaritas were mediocre as well.  
However, the young lady serving us was a total sweetheart so I gave them an extra star for her service.
Details:
Tamales - The tamales were dry.
Steak tacos - The meat in the tacos tasted pickled, not good at all.
No one in my party ate their entire meal-SAD, We had heard so much hoopla, maybe we expected too much???I was visiting New Orleans and my family went to eat here and watch the Cowboys game.  As a Texan I think I'm kind of picky about my Mexican food so I didn't have high hopes for Louisiana TexMex.  The food here was really good and one of the judging staples, the salsa, was quite good.  I got a three enchilada plate with some Lousiana'ed up flavors.  One was a shrimp enchilada and another was a crawfish enchilada and they...were...delish!  The other was spinach and cheese and was OK.  One of my other staples I rate on is the beans, and they didn't have charro beans, just black and refried.  The refried were pretty good.  We also got anside of guacamole, which was tasty but portion was small.  Everything else had very generous portions.  Their tortillas are made in-house and are good!  I would come here again and just get the crawfish enchiladas they were amazing.After a long day of beach and shopping I was ready to have some good food at Superior grill.  As you can tell from the 2 star rating, the food was not that good.
The salsa was okay and the chips were warm and thin.  I ordered the beef enchiladas which had ground beef which was possibly never seasoned, as far as I can tell there was no enchilada sauce and it was covered with a solid layer of cheese which was not stringy at all, which makes me assume that my plate sat somewhere for a while before it ever made it out to my table.  There were fixings such as lettuce, tomato or sour cream and the beans and rice were unremarkable.  I paid, before tip, $13.00 for this meal.  
I might consider trying the margaritas, but those seem to be silly expensive as well.  
This place is good for spending way too much money on food that is not worth your time.  I would not recommend this place to a friend.This place has been on my "blah" list for a long time. I have eaten there several times at the invitation of friends, and for the life of me I can't ever remember what I ate there. Nothing stands out in my memory.
I went with friends again the other night, and I actually had a pretty good meal. I got the brisket combo, which was one brisket flauta and also a plain tortilla with brisket meat in it. It came with pico de gallo, guacamole, sour cream, rice and beans. It was not bad at all. The pico de gallo can make anything taste fresh!
The atmosphere was fun and festive, they let us split checks, and the waitress certainly did her best with a large party.
No complaints here!Packed, loud, predictable yuppie happy hour crowd, kinda pricey and the food is just okay. I liked it the first few times for lunch with coworkers but dinners have always been a nightmare.I love Superior. The maragaritas are the best I've had (but very expensive) and the food is very good (but still not cheap). I keep coming back because I love Mexican and there aren't that many options for it in New Orleans. Again, I think it should be cheaper but the quality is excellent.Great margaritas great food great service..come see me and get the best experience possible...dean at superior grillThis might be the best Mexican restaurant in NOLA, which is sad because it's not really Mexican at all. It's Tex-Mex, and very far from the best Tex-Mex I've had. There are quite a few Mexican people living in NOLA...can't one of them do better than this? Can we talk to someone about a business loan for an authentic Mexican eatery?
Superior Grill is popular because of its location (right along the parade route on St. Charles), and because of its large, bright, friendly bar atmosphere. It is a fun place to hang out before/during/after an Uptown parade. The house margaritas are pretty awful...tastes like lime juice mixed with bug spray. If you want a good one you have to go for the top shelf Don Julio, but it will run you $22 for a double, which is pretty damned expensive. The prices in general seem unreasonable for what you get, which is average Tex-Mex. Also I hate how they automatically give you your drink in a styrofoam cup instead of asking.
They make their own flour tortillas...whooptee shit. Flour tortillas aren't even that special. Make a great corn tortilla and then I'll be impressed. The chips and salsa are actually pretty great: thin, well-salted restaurant-style tortilla chips and fresh tasting salsa with plenty of cilantro and spice. The food is OK. The refried beans are good. The rice is not so good. The burritos are fresh-tasting but marred by the gummy flour tortillas. They seem to use very low-quality cheese in many of the dishes, which is lame. So yeah...this place gets three stars purely by default. I simply can't find a better Mexican place than this, even though this place just isn't very special.This place gets different reviews, but I have always enjoyed my meals. Great chips, guacamole and margaritas. I've had a few entrees and have always enjoyed the food. The service is great as well. I'm going back tonight! It gets crowded so you may have to wait, but it's worth it.Great environment! Good bar to watch football games, etc.. Queso and margaritas are a must!Some of the worst Mexican food in NOLA if not America. Overpriced drinks. Id rather eat at chilis.Yum. I'm from Texas so we have Mexican food EVERYWHERE. New Orleans just doesn't. This place gives me my Mexican food fix. Most of the staff I've encountered are friendly and quick. The price is pretty good, and the environment is good. The only thing I don't like is that they are always busy, the place is pretty loud. There's always going to be a screaming baby or a loud table of 15 next to you. Either way, it's pretty much the only place I know of to get Mexican food in New Orleans, so it works for me.Horrible hostess, lies about wait time. When you confront them about saying 30 minutes and it takes an hour you get threatened to be kicked out. The food isn't even good, it's all frozen. You come here for the margs. Get real go to Juans and save yourself the stomach ache.Another one of my favorite restaurants and Mexican restaurants. Great food. Great staff. And great atmosphere. You can't go wrong with this place in my opinion.Great place for drinks. Food is pretty good. My favorite is their ceviche. I'm addicted to it ! When my husband upsets me, this is what he brings to make peace. I would eat the ceviche as appetizer and order another one as entree , I've done this many occasions. I like their free salsa also, it's really fresh.Great service and fabulous food.  Stopped in after walking around the Garden District and I'm glad we did. I had the Cabo fish tacos (with wonderful red slaw that was perfectly dressed) and the queso dip was amazing.One word..... MARGARITAS. The best I've had anywhere. They have great prices and the margaritas are amazing.The food is fresh, and the service is good. The location is right along the parade routes so be careful of when you decide to come as you may get blocked in! A nice sized restaurant and you get food at the bar. It can get busy with relatively long waits so be wary of the servers that offer to "squeeze you in" immediately. They charge a fee and its a total ripoff! Just wait for your table. Its totally worth the wait.Dear Mr. McKinley Eastman,
  I suppose you saw it appropriate to confront me yesterday about my previous yelp review and call it "racist".  I sense that you thought that I didn't note the sarcasm in your voice when you presented your business card (after calling my review racist) and asked me if there was anything you could do to change the rating from the two stars I previously gave your establishment.  I have a suggestion for you: don't approach someone who has reviewed your business on yelp and confront them about their low rating in such a negative way.  Really.  
I arranged a yelp meet up at your restaurant before the Lundi Gras parades (you sought me out, no doubt, because I was wearing Yelp gear).  When you confronted me, other yelpers witnessed it.  Who do you think looks bad?  You got it.  Instead of politely asking about the issues I had with your place, you were immediately defensive.  Not cool. 
I won't be returning to your restaurant.  Nor will my friends.  I'm sure you don't care, you do enough business on Cinco de Mayo and Thanksgiving, right?  Maybe that's the problem.  You are obviously more concerned with making money than providing a quality product.  That's fine.  Good luck.  It doesn't mean I have to support you...Mr. Eastman.
P.S.  Please note that I am not the only patron unimpressed with your establishment.The only good thing I can say about Superior Grill is that an Emergency Room is two blocks away.  If you have any kind of food allergy, make sure you inspect your meal closely. The waitstaff doesn't even know what they are serving you so they are no help.  Who would have guessed that they serve peanuts in a Tex-Mex restaurant?!Make sure you mention that you want a single margarita .... Waiter became very indignant when I pointed out that I asked for a margarita and he assumed I wanted a large. When challenged he said most customers want a large.
I guess at this establishment the customer is not right.
1/2 star from me if possible.Overpriced and mediocre! There's a reason locals hate this place.
I ordered a to-go: 1 order of mixed chicken/steak fajitas and an order of queso... $35!!! Previously when I ordered this I would get a ramekin of beans, ramekin of rice, ramekin of salsa, tortillas, bag of chips and the fajitas and toppings in a foil container.
 I got home and realized I not only had no tortillas... but I had no toppings at all, half a bag of chips (despite the fact that I had a separate order of queso), and the tiniest serving of beans and rice splattered in with the meat. 
When I called to complain they offered a free guacamole to make up for everything... I explained that is ridiculous considering everything that they messed up. They then offered a free queso too. I was too tired to fight and drove all the way back to pick up the tortillas, fixings and "makeup" queso & guac. When I arrived they asked if I wanted queso OR guac... I explained the situation again and they gave me my bag.  The gave me 1 tbsp of guac as my "makeup" guac.  No guac with the fixings, no jalapeños, and no cheese.
Screw this place. I always knew it was overpriced and mediocre, but the customer service after a screwed up order was my last straw.  I've officially joined the rest of New Orleans locals and decided this restaurant is waste of a great location. Never going again!We came to Superior, as we have for years for parades, and were told we had to pay $10 per person just to walk in! Then on top of that pay for food and drinks! Bad for business!!!I'm a big fan of Superior Grill, but not for their food. Food is overpriced and little bland for my taste - ok food, but not great, not even close. I've been disappointed more then happy with my dishes.  However; I love love love the ambience and the margaritas! They have a everyday happy hour...a double for the price of a single..that's a lot of margarita. Sit at the bar..free chips and salsa, but I usually take them to go. The bartenders are nice and friendly (minus the tall stocky guy who works at the first station - he's rude, every time!) 
It's a fun place to experience eating out on St. Charles, and watching the street car roll on by.It was ridiculously expensive and their food was mediocre at best. Their server forgot to take our order and had to come back twice. I do not recommend.So I was hesitant to try this place after reading some reviews here- but it was literally next door to our hotel, and we were so tired we disregarded the negative reviews, while noting how crowded this place was, and patiently waited a minute for both our table and drinks.   We were well rewarded with impeccable service, a fantastic margarita recommendation, and an above average late night meal. My son adventured for the El Paso combo.  He's a big lineman, was impressed, but couldn't finish his platter.  I underestimated the margarita effect, so last seconded opted for a la carte tacos (one crunchy beef, one soft chicken), and they were what I would designate over-stuffed, well presented, and beyond my expectation for a couple of tacos.  Again, it was a  late night Friday, the servers seemed swamped, but quality and quantity was above expectations...we'd happily return for lunch tomorrow.  Bravo.big disappointment. one star only counts for location. service, drinks, and food are so sub-par they can't add to a second star.I love this place!!!!!!
Come here almost every Thursday. 
Today I had the worst service I have ever had here. 
We sat at the bar. Or bartender was Tony N. 
If he's waiting on you move to the other end of the bar. 
Truly awful. I don't typically take the time to comment on bad experiences, but this was exceptionally bad.