Best shrimp and grits in NOLA! Delicious fresh juices too. This is my fiance's second time here in two years and he still thinks it's the best he's tried.Awesome! Loved this place. Great little breakfast joint easy walk south of route 90. Easy walk from French Quarter and surrounding areas. We got the bananas foster and it was incredible. Great decorations and colorful setting that feels like how you'd expect New Orleans to feel. Highly recommend.This place deserves a special mention.. it's not really on the heart of the city (for tourists), but it's definitely a place you should mark down for one brunch at least...shrimp n grits are hands down the best we've had in the city....the juices were fresh... and for a person who has a hard time eating Omelettes, Surrey's has converted me for sure.. the lump crab omelette with the sauce was just the cure for a dull grey rainy morning...! Word of caution-the place is always full, so make sure you get there at least 30 mins before you really want to eat, just to make sure you don't starve over the delish smells that keep on wafting outIf you beat the crowd you're in. Small but that's the only negative. Everything I've tried on the menu is AMAZING! They even have vegetarian/vegan items. I always get whatever french toast special they have. I always take people who stay with me for Mardi Gras here for breakfast before we hit the parades.A short walk from my apartment I was told about a small, welcoming cafe very popular for breakfast and brunch. It did not disappoint! I had a salmon scramble with egg whites the first time i went. The second time i went i got the tofu with brown rice breakfast plate. Both meals were great!! And i was seated quicklyThis place is so great. I love the laid back atmosphere. Walked right in with our dog and were seating on the cozy wrap around porch outside. We ate here the last morning of our trip and it was the perfect ending. I stayed full long enough to get me through and 8 hour car ride home! I had the bananas foster French toast which was amazing but super rich. I couldn't eat it all because of the portion size and richness. My fiancé opted for the healthier choice of a vegetable omelet which was delicious as well. I can't wait to come back here and try something else on the menu. I will definitely try one of their famous juices next time.The food was spectacular! I got a crawfish omelet special that had avocado and brie in it!  The juice was really overpriced ($5.75 for a 12 oz glass) and honestly nothing special.  Overall, the most delicious and most expensive breakfast I've ever hadWe made our way to Surrey's one morning before checking out the WWII D Day museum (just a few blocks apart). 
They don't take reservations and we did encounter a small line.... We were seated within 10 minutes and everything was great. 
Their menu was really interesting... lots of different and things. 
We were disappointed that the juice bar didn't have any oranges to make orange juice for breakfast. 
I had the Shrimp and Gritts... wife had their Banana's Foster French Toast, neither disappointed. 
I'll be back to try some of the other things... This really is a great find just outside the French Quarter! 
Cash only too.. so plan ahead.Our group of 6 each ordered something different and everything we tried was great.  I highly recommend the banana pancake with peanut butter... It filled the plate and was enough food to feed 3 people.  Each of the fresh squeezed juices is incredibly good as well.  This is a must stop breakfast spot when you're in New Orleans.I enjoyed the small, family vibe of this healthy brunch spot. Located off the beaten path in New Orleans lower Garden District, Surrey's offers a lot of cleaner alternatives to the biscuits and gravy you'll find slopping up other breakfast menus in the area. When you want a fresh squeezed juice and a veggie-friendly bite, this place is a good bet. We got the creole baked eggs and Migas with chorizo. Both were a hearty portion served alongside corn tortillas as a gluten-free alternative! The wait time for a table was long, but the service was friendly! I'd recommend to my friends who prefer lighter fare in a clean, local-centric environment.Let me start by saying I'm from philadelphia so I've never had shrimp & grits together! It was AMAZINGGGGG. The food came out quickly and our waitress was a sweetie. Definitely worth the walk from the French quarter.Great service. Fun atmosphere. Delicious biscuits. Got the bananas foster French toast which was surprisingly light. Since got the baked creole eggs and enjoyed it.This is a great little brunch place near the WWII museum. We had a 20-30 minute wait, but it was worth it. I had the crab omelette and Julianna the breakfast grits. Julianna's was by far the best, but we enjoyed both very much.This is our go-to breakfast spot when we're back in town. I love the fresh juice offerings and the guac! We brought friends here who wanted to indulge in New Orleans bites. They liked the crab omelet and the bananas foster 
french toast. Service is friendly and can be slow, in keeping with the general vibe of the city. I'm sure it's mentioned in other reviews, but for the record: cash only (there is an ATM on premises).I had the banana foster french toast. To die for.
Husband ordered Migos-something (scrambled eggs with chorizo) equally delicious! 
Although there was a line when we arrived, our total wait time was less than 10 mins. Janet the hostess was friendly and hustled to get tables sat. I immediately became obsessed with the trendy decor and layout of what used to be a classic front porch- turned restaurant.I'm writing this review because somebody has to.
Surrey's is allegedly the best breakfast in New Orleans. Yelpers talk about it like it will change your life.
I don't understand, and I never will.
I've eaten at Surrey's three times in the past year, and each time my order has been borderline inedibly disgusting. I have eaten there with multiple dining companions, and they have all, to a man, in each instance found their own meals to be borderline inedibly disgusting. I've started to ask people I know, "Hey, have you ever eaten at Surrey's?" They always reply, "I hate that place. The food is awful."
I will offer an example. The huevos rancheros deluxe. The actual huevos rancheros base is flavorless. My over easy eggs were, in my most generous interpretation, over medium. The conservative helping of goat cheese (allegedly a main ingredient in the deluxe) was extremely low quality, smelling and tasting of goat the way very low quality goat cheese is wont to do. The lox had (surprise!) apparently been marinated in some kind of lime mixture, plus had been heated, possibly sauteed. The whole thing was *covered* in capers. Take a moment to imagine these flavor combinations. And it cost $13. 
The emperor has no clothes.Simply delicious and worth the wait. Not a super fan of their bacon, it tastes like cheap meat, but EVERYTHING ELSE is awesome. This most recent visit I had the Migas and it was fantastic. This is one of the best breakfast joints in town! 
The ambience is fun and the service is good too!I stayed in a hotel with free breakfast but this place is worth it. The grits are nice and hot and the servers are friendly. The fresh squeezed juices are an excellent compliment to the food. My daughter got the veggie omelette and was also very pleased.The first time I went to this place was yesterday!! I've lived in NOLA all my life and feel guilty that I have never come across. The food was delicious, especially the shrimp and grits. A++!!!I simply love this place, best breakfast in New Orleans by far ...... Ok so I must say more for this to be a review!!
I had banana foster French toast to die for, the shrimp and grits are perfect. Not over season with Really creamy grits & a Fresh carrot& apple juice cold and refreshing omelet with ham cheese and avocado AMAZING!!!! Diet starts soonI do not get the Surrey's hype at all. It was an incredibly mediocre meal. 
We were told a 40-minute wait around 10:45 on a Friday morning. We waited over an hour (aren't hosts supposed to overestimate wait times, not under?).
The wait wasn't worth it. For a place that boasts about their homemade breads, it's shocking they don't have better than smuckers jelly packets to pair with their baked goods. The shrimp and grits was good but not great, and the bread served with it was legitimately bad. Dry, crusty, literally just stale slices adorning the plate. My partner got a breakfast burrito - it was meh, nothing special.
I got a juice given their namesake and it tasted like concentrate!!!! It was a special, orange-pineapple-mango. I would not get a juice unless you're looking for a glass of sugar.
Bad. Skip. Go to Willa Jean's for a far superior/tastier breakfast experience.I eat here everytime I'm in New Orleans and always recommend it to friends. I can't vouch for their more lunch-y items but their brunch/breakfast stuff is AMAZING. The biscuits and gravy are one of my favorite items to get. The omelettes are so tasty and make me like boring omelettes again. Lots of condiments on the table (always a plus for me) and the service is always pretty good. Only cons (for some people, not really for me) are that its relatively small and theres always a wait on the weekends but never more than 25 minutes.30 min wait. No big deal, wandered magazine and got a Bloody Mary and a beer to go. 
Migas and corned beef hash, with a side of sausage gravy. Everything was good, well seasoned. Nothing blew our minds(Migas were marginal IMO but I'm from the tex mex capital) but it was all good. 
Service was efficient.We stopped here off a recommendation. The breakfast was really incredible and the juice was so fresh. I would definitely give this place a shot if you're in the area!We walked 1.5 miles (with an extra half a mile bc my fiance wouldn't use his navigation to walk there)  to eat the bananas foster french toast. He has been dreaming about this meal since he had it over a year ago. It was worth every step.
 I had the crab meat omelet with avocado and brie which was amazing too. The biscuit wasn't that great.
Service was fine, nothing special and the tables were a little sticky but dont let that deter you.Great local brunch spot that seems to be more popular among the neighborhood folk than the tourist crowds.  I would certainly frequent this restaurant if I lived in the area.  The setting is very low-key, the service a little on the slow side, but the food was outstanding -- certainly the shrimp and grits, and the banana's foster french toast.  I really enjoyed the combination juice -- thick, fresh and flavorful and definitely not from concentrate.
This was a gem from the lonely planet guide that lived up to expectations.
Cash only.Another visit and another amazing meal at one of the best spots in all of NOLA. 
This acquaint restaurant in the residential area of the lower garden district offers amazing juices and delicious tasty local breakfast and lunch faves. 
The service and the atmosphere are well represented of the Nola culture.I went here again last week and it does not disappoint. Please try the shrimp and grits if you go,  I promise you won't be disappointed!A refreshing oasis in the desert of fried food New Orleans serves. I ate here twice in a row for Breakfast because it was that damn good!
First off, they open at 8AM, so your best bet is getting there at 8AM. Each time I finished my meal at 9, there was an hour already to be seated. This place is pretty small, and considering how good it is, everyone wants to eat here. Do yourself a favor and wake up early to be served within a reasonable time. 
Ive had the Costa Rican and Banana Foster French Toast. Both were wonderful, but the french toast was OUT OF THIS WORLD. My god, the combination of the creamy, sweet flavors exploded like fireworks in my mouth. I didnt want to stop wating it was that good! If you want something sweet, please order this. The Costa Rican had all fresh ingredients, blended well together, left me pretty full. The rice was a little funny tasting, but I dont think I was use to how they make it. It wasnt that big of a deal mixed with everything else. I also tried some of my friend's biscuits and gravy. It was really good, even for something I normally would not order. I also tried some Boudin, which I didnt except to be on the dry side, but i twas worth checking out. 
On a side note, the art and decorations are quirky and hip, while still feelingThis café is one of my favorite breakfast/ brunch spots anywhere. The Banana Foster's French Toast is unbelievable. I loved everything about it. The toast is very soft and sweet. The banana cream inside and the Banana Foster sauce on top are incredible. They are sure to satisfy any sweet tooth. I devoured the entire dish quickly. I rank the dish as one of four French Toast dishes that are above all others. I do not even want to rank them 1, 2, 3, 4. Instead, I will rank them 1, 1a, 1b, 1c:
Top 4 French Toasts:
1. Blue Moon Café in Baltimore (1621 Aliceanna St, Baltimore, MD 21231): The Cap'N Crunch French Toast tops my list. Grinding cereal and using it to create a crunchy crust is genius. I also enjoy the fresh fruit on top.
2. Blu Jam Café (7371 Melrose Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90046): The Crunchy French Toast features a cornflake crust. It also has berries on top. I slightly like the Cap'N Crunch French Toast better because I enjoy the Cap'N Crunch crust a little more.
3. Surrey Café and Juice Bar: The Banana Foster's French Toast is on par with both. I give the other two the thinnest of margins because I love the cereal crust. Nevertheless, the banana cream and Banana Foster sauce is an equalizer.
I also ordered a side of home fries. The potatoes had excellent seasoning and a nice crunchy skin. In addition, Surrey is a juice bar. I had a fresh squeezed orange juice. Is a large, 16 ounce juice really worth $6.50? Personally, I would not normally pay for it. However, I wanted to try a fresh juice since I saw great reviews for them. It was very good. Nevertheless, it is a lot more than I would want to pay for juice. I got to Surrey at 8 AM when it opens. The place is great so the seating will fill up quickly. On a Sunday, it was almost full by the time I left at 9 AM.
4. Stanley Restaurant :Surrey's Café and Juice Bar have a slight edge with the toast and Fosters sauce. However, Stanley's additional toppings (bananas, banana chips, and vanilla ice cream) and beautiful presentation is an equalizer.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, please see If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.Delicious pumpkin pancakes, great fruits and juices, friendly staff, and a cute setting.This was our first breakfast stop on our trip to New Orleans. It was great! Being gluten free and vegetarian the Migas was awesome. Maybe the potatoes were too spicy but besides that everything was so good. Try the cheesy grits. Love the decor too.Yah. Eat here. Do it. Now. The homemade bagels with the avocado mash were well worth it, as were the juices juices juices juices. This Northern boy wasn't ready for the grits...tasted like they were made with a cup of heavy cream. Delicious, but I would steer away from a large portion and stick with the small cup unless you have a deathwish.  Arrive near opening time to avoid the lines.Yea, I mean it's good but nothing to keep going back for in my opinion. If you don't eat heavy food on a daily basis this spot isn't going to make you keep going back. It's more of a treat spot. 
My husband ordered the banana fosters French toast which he loved! And I ordered the crab omelette with a biscuit. My omelette needed a tad more salt but the biscuit was phenomenal. Everything was just so heavy. I tried originally ordering the jumbo crab meat salad but I was told that they didn't have any jumbo crab. So I was stuck ordering an omelette. I'm sure if you come here for lunch the options are a bit less heavier. They do also offer a variety of fresh juices but that's not what I want to order at 8 am in the morning. I want food but the kind of food that doesn't weigh me down for the rest of the day!
Either way, the staff is very friendly and welcoming. And this restaurant has a very fun vibe to it!You know this place is great when I normally hate grits and have tried them at multiple places yet I absolutely LOVED the shrimp & grits here!!
The shrimp were totally plump and juicy and the grits were super creamy and just bursting in flavor.
The whole dish overall can be a little salty and overwhelming/heavy but it's definitely worth a visit for this dish! Best shrimp & grits I've ever had hands down.This was a gem of a find.  The biscuit and sausage gravy were too die for. It's a tight spot and a little loud but you won't care because the food is sooo good.This always happens to me.  My expectations get raised so high by the reviews on Yelp that I make the wrong decision when ordering.  Ideally I would have had a sweet and a savory, but my daughter wanted a sweet too and I had to have the Bananas Foster French Toast.  It was OK, and I'm glad that I tried it because it will inform my home-made brunch menus in the future.  But it was a crying shame that I didn't have the grits.I recommend getting the migas. We had to wait about 20 min to get a table but we had 5 people in our group. If you're looking for a lively place for brunch, check this place out :)Amazing fresh pressed juice and breakfast food. We make it a point to come here every time we are in NOLA.The next morning we were up early, filled with expectations of the new adventures in New Orleans. We decided to walk to have breakfast in Surrey, which we found on Yelp. It was a highly recommended local breakfast place. Located far from the touristy French quarters, it's a small shack-dive beloved by locals and tourists as the best in local cuisine. Even before we got there, we saw a crowd of people waiting outside. The wait for a table was 30 minutes so we felt lucky and elated to sit at the bar. We got a watermelon and jicama salad and a crabmeat omelet. I was disappointment from the first bite. The omelet was soooo rich, like it was made with cream and butter and more butter-cream on top; it made me nauseous. The salad was so plain, it felt like a joke, a few pieces of watermelon on ripped up leaves of bibb lettuce  covered with black pepper. I needed to eat something and asked for a garden salad with a poached egg. It was a poor showing with some mixed greens, a pathetically thin slice of tomato, a few cubes of huge cucumbers used for juicing and a balsamic vinaigrette mixed by finger right in front of me. The place is a tiny shack, should be filled with lovingly prepared local cuisine. It is NOT. The food, as well as the service and the ambiance are a poor showing, more hype than substance. The supposedly organic fresh juices, at $7 a pop, are not squeezed to order but poured from containers from the fridge. Freshly squeezed should be freshly squeezed. They refused to give us water with ice. How can you not give people water when its so unbearable hot outside? We paid more for our breakfast than a top French restaurant in New York and I walked away hungry and disgusted.Definitely a local joint. The atmosphere is great with local art all over the walls. Service was excellent! And the food...OMG so amazing! Wish we had one back home!If you came to Surrey's Cafe and didn't order the shrimp and grits, did you really even go? 
Two of my friends went to Surrey's TWICE in a four-day trip just for the shrimp and grits. It was definitely not your average dish. Lined with small toasts around the bowl, infused with bacon bits, and creamy, thick grits with perfectly proportioned shrimp, every bite was truly an experience I did not want to end. I wanted to eat it all up while at the same time savor every last bite. 
It was extremely filling, but I also tried a bite of the pain perdu, which was divine as well. 
Bearing in mind the second part of the name, "juice bar," and they are apparently the first juice bar in New Orleans, according to their menu, I wanted to try a juice out myself! I combined apple, carrot & ginger and felt simply refreshed. The ginger is pretty strong. Great to wash down all the food you just consumed!
Service was excellent and we experienced friendly staff. It's cute and diner-y inside with a lot of NOLA trinkets on the walls. Long lines on the weekends, but luckily we were seated right away on a Tuesday morning. After a weekend of eating, Surrey's was the perfect way to end our NOLA trip.Came here on a Saturday morning around 10:30. I'm guessing Saturday's are busier than other days, but not sure. The wait was about 1/2 hr but certainly worth it. I had the shrimp and grits and highly recommend. The sauce was nothing like what I expected- in a good way! So delicious. The atmosphere is nice- small and down to earth feeling. Definitely worth the wait, but I would try it on a weekday first to see if you can get in sooner- waiting in the summer heat is no fun!This hidden gem was exactly what I needed after 3 straight days without a good breakfast or legitimate breakfast food. The bananas foster French toast looked amazing from afar, but I had the Montana plate (two eggs, biscuit and sausage gravy, two sausage patties, two slices of ham, three bacon strips, and home fries). My gf had the most popular - for a reason - shrimp and grits. Both dishes were amazing. Her grits were creamy and the shrimp cooked and seasoned perfectly. The sausage gravy was spicy enough, but I still added some Crystal sauce for that extra sump'n. The sausage was legit sausage, not some pre-made in a factory to be the same flat shape sausage. This sausage was molded by hand. Just amazing. But enough of reading. Just grab your cash, find what loose change you have in your couch cushions or under your car seats (cash only place) and get to Surrey asap!!!My wife and I went to Surrey's on a Monday morning for brunch around 10:00 AM. There was a wait of about 10 minutes.
I ordered the Scrambled Eggs with Salmon. It was delicious, though for my taste it could have used more capers. My wife had the Bananas Foster French Toast and loved every bite of it. The fresh OJ was ridiculously fresh (as expected) and lived up to our high expectations.
We walked to Surrey's from the Hilton (located "Riverside", just outside of the French Quarter.) Although an easy walk, we passed through the slightly sketchy Highway 90 underpass. Otherwise, our walk was nice. The few houses we saw walking into the Garden District were pretty cool: it's called the "Garden District" for a good reason. If you are visiting New Orleans (as we were), I recommend taking the walk. (Consider stopping by the World War II museum on the way back if you are staying near the French Quarter!)
Unassuming and standing among beautiful Garden District houses, Surrey's has a unique neighborhood diner ambiance. Surrey's was likely once a typical residence; today the kitchen takes up the original first floor and the dining area appears to have been a  patio or porch (it's now all enclosed and interconnected now.) Seating is tight and the walls are decorated with knickknacks. Don't expect fine dining - expect great food.Shrimp and grits are one of the best dishes I have ever had.  Very friendly staff.  We will definitely go back next time in NOLA.Probably made the bad decision of coming here for lunch. Looking at the reviews here, should have tried it out for breakfast. Anyways, figured I'd let others know not to waste their money ordering any of the lunch sandwiches. I seriously think a place like Panera or Potbellys does a better sandwich.We ate there last Friday. We arrived a little after opening and had no wait. We ordered what many have recommended. the Migas w/ Chorizo and the bananas foster french toast. Both were delicious and well worth the money. The wait staff were very professional and the art on the walls is interesting. We will definitely be back.The shrimp and grits is amazing! The grits were perfectly cooked, there were more than just the 6 shrimp you tend to see in other places, and the sauce is absolutely amazing! Creamy and fresh seafood taste! Bacon on the bottom was the perfect consistency and the French toast was just what was needed to catch the extra sauce.You have not lived until you have tried their Bananas Foster French Toast.  My wife and I agreed that it was probably one of the single best food items we have both ever tasted!  
No trip to NOLA is complete without stoping by and trying this stuff!  I have told friends and family about this place and we will be sure to return on our next visit. Mmmm...so damn good.Da bomb!!! The wait is worth it. The place is very small and intimate. Food was delicious.long long long wait but the food was good.  I had the shrimp and gritsThank u for feeding me some healthy food! I love all the fried food in New Orleans but there comes a point for me, that I need something fresh and that is why I love Surrey's. After a night, well morning out we came in for a late brunch to Surrey's. Fresh carrot juice, salad, crab cakes and eggs. Yes I know crab cakes are fried, but everything else balanced out my meal.Great bagels and fresh juice!  Beware: large portions!  We ordered too much food!  Oatmeal was piping hot with fresh fruit. The banana pancake was HUGE and good too!Yummo! I'm in love with the migas (add chorizo) and fresh juices. It's one of my favorite brunch places solo or with friends. Try sitting at the bar if the wait is a bit much and see the magic happen behind the counter.the french toast is the best desert i have tried and my boyfriend loves the shrimp very much.Excellent food; so so service. Ordered multiple dishes just to try them all ($80/3ppl/ 5dishes and a carafe) Bananas foster and shrimp and grits are amazing. Also tried crab omelette and huevos rancheros deluxe which were top tier. As for the service, we were told we would have to wait longer for seats at the bar because our third party had not arrived yet although we were ordering and paying for their food as well. Somewhere during the meal servers swiped utensils and a cup before we were done with them. Also swiped a plate with extra sauce while we wet trying to box leftovers and then wanted to charge us a dollar for the same sauce when asked for more lol. Felt rushed out, maybe because there was a wait. Will try the other location next time.You have 300+ other reviews to read about this place. Not sure why you're taking the time to read mine, but I'm glad you are so here's what I have to say about it, without trying to take too much of your time:
-waited about 20 minutes for a tiny tiny table for 2
-I ordered the Ranchero Eggs  (Mexican style incase you did not know). I am Latina. I KNOW how to make some good damn Mexican style eggs
-Took them about 25 minutes to bring it to us.
-I asked for the eggs over easy. They brought them to me scrambled. That's a no-no.
-They took it back and brought me my right dish. By this time, my boyfriend has finished his breakfast.
-Too expensive for what it is. I can make it better for less.
-THE JUICES ARE LIKE $5+ WHAT?!?!?!?!?!
-I REFUSE TO PAY 5 DOLLARS FOR ORANGE JUICE. NO WAY JOSE. 
-Won't be back. But I might give the uptown location a try. Still don't like their prices.Although we came on a Sunday, there was, thankfully, no wait! The male hostess was nice enough...
First impressions: A reclaimed property turned restaurant, decorated with arts and crafts from local artists. Some art appears to be for sale. Food is quickly an steadily parades out of the kitchen. The food looks and smells amazing. The servers are young people, dressed in a variety of jeans and tops. There are eight 4-top tables and five 2-top tables. Everything is artsy fartsy and eclectic. Pretty low key and casual, perfect in this laid back part of town. The food is imaginative and tasty.Checked this place out with our host in New Orleans, and boy was it a treat...  On a Friday morning, this place filled up FAST, so if you plan to come, get there early in the morning!  Fast, friendly service, eclectic homey restaurant feel, I was excited to try the food:
Biscuits and mushroom gravy - Biscuits are pretty good but not quite as fluffy as I'd like, and the mushroom gravy, while tasty, was a bit salty.  Decent, but I wouldn't order this next time...
Corned beef hash - Freshly made corned beef, diced potatoes, seasoned perfectly.  Very tender, and an excellent choice to try...
Shrimp and grits - Wow.  Seriously wow.  Grits tend to be bland and not very good unless you can dress them up properly, and this place dresses them up properly.  The savoriness of the grits, perfectly cooked shrimp... Best choice at the restaurant out of the three things we tried!
Verdict:  Phenomenally fresh food, excellent friendly service, worth finding your way to in order to get some breakfast!YES!!
MUST HAVE!
1. Banana Foster French Toast
2. Shrimp and Grits!
They managed to somehow get bananas fosters INSIDE the French toast so when you cut it it's creamy oozey and so beautifully delicious! MUST GET!
The shrimp and grits has a barbecue style touch to it along with bacon and cuts of bread as you can see in the photos!
If you're a couple between 130-175 pounds this should definitely fill up the both of you!
Best breakfast spot so far!Solid egg and bacon breakfast with the home fries being a stand out.  Had a tasty orange/carrot/apple juice to accompany it.  Best part is probably the location in the charming Lower Garden District neighborhood.Excellent cafe. I had the crab omelet and it was too die for.  My daughter had the breakfast burrito and she totally loved it. My husband had banana foster French toast and he was literally licking the plate. Great service and very friendly staff.Amazing food! Shrimp and grits and corned beef hash were delicious. Reasonable price for very good food! 
Don't be intimidated by the host, she's really nice lol.AMAZING food.  Cute little place.  Fresh squeezed juice (I had apple juice with a "shot" of kale juice in it....delicious).  I had the eggs benedict, and husband had the shrimp and grits, which is just to die for.  The sauce with the shrimp and grits has a nice kick and flavored well with rosemary.  And I'm pretty sure the grits were made with heavy cream.  Husband couldn't finish, and that is saying something!
Absolutely loved it here.The food was awesome and so was the service.  I would suggest the Banana Foster French Toast.Delicious! Short wait, but the food was more than worth it. Good decor, nice staff, all together a great experience.Omg. The shrimp and grits were amazingly rich and flavorful. The bananas foster french toast were flaky and sweet goodness. So glad I tried them for the first time. Service was excellent and the overall vibe friendly. A must when visiting New Oreans in the garden district!We took the St Charles car from near Canal to a few blocks from Surrey's.  We thought it would be a good trip to go shopping on Magazine St. Went on a  Monday and got a table right away.
Noticed on menu when we got there no cards accepted, had to use the ATM.  Ordered delicious mango-pineapple-orange juice, delish and needed some Vitamin C after the hectic trick.
He ordered the Boudin, eggs, biscuit, potatoes....good.  I ordered pulled pork, poached egg benedict dish, perfect perfect!  Couldn't eat it all as it was a hefty portion and filling.
Great service, great place, will be backVacationed in New Orleans for 7 day's and this was the best Breakfast Ever!!!  Miga's were perfect.  Great service- thanks Matt and Stephan!!I LOVE breakfast and I love southern food, the former is plentiful in SF but the latter isn't.
Surrey's ranks near the top of my breakfast rankings.  I had the boudin biscuit and grits plate and it was sublime.  Staff is awesome and the pricy juice is worth every penny.  The fresh orange-pineapple-mango juice was excellent but I doubt that locals consider $6 a good deal.
Surrey's is a must eat for any trip to NOLA.Ok, seriously the best breakfast I've ever had! Totally enjoyed the scrambled eggs w salmon, cream cheese & capers...delishthe grits were the best I've EVER tasted, my husband doesn't care for grits and he liked them :) He had the banana foster French toast, sooo good. We will be back for sure!!I would consider converting to Islam, if it were the only way I could ever eat Surrey's Bananas Foster French Toast ($9.75) again. (I'm sort of Buddhist.) After eating a piece of this gorgeously quartered, super air-y, banh mi-like masterpiece--which rested on this PG-13 wet dream-sauce of rum, brown sugar, and butter, and dusted with white powder--I almost started crying. Like, when Scar clawed Mufasa's paws on that cliff and then savagely watched his brother get trampled to death by a heard in the Lion King-crying.
But happy crying. Not sad crying. So there's a better analogy here...
Each bite reminded me of the first time I lost my virginity. (TMI?) "Is this happening? Is this REALLY happening, and am I using protection (napkins)?" my mind asked. Immediately soon after the self-questioning, my brain answered its questions: "Yes, Jonathan, their naughty French toast took you to this part of your sub-conscious." Oh my goodness. How did I not blackout?  
Then I wanted more with Surrey's. Not a fling, but a full-out relationship, which would include hand-holding and love themed memes. So I ate their Shrimp and Grits ($13.25).
"JEE-SUUS! Hashtag blessed." --Bruno Mars.
The grits, smooth and creamy as a light-skinned baby's ass, probably ranks as the best I've ever put in my mouth. (It doesn't hurt they garnished it with savory bacon, freshly chopped green onions, and homemade croutons.) Also, the Gulf shrimp didn't taste frozen and oozed juices with each chomp of flesh and had enough Cajun kick.
My boo ate their Crab Meat Omelette ($12.95) and loved every bite, too. I believe she said she's never had a better omelet. 
They also have fresh vegetable and fruit juices:
-Carrot, apple, orange, grapefruit at $5.25 and $6.50 for a 12oz and 16oz, respectively. 
-Kale, celery, beet, or cucumber additions for .55 cents. 
-Ginger for $1.05. 
Everything tasted great, but it's rare I find a healthy juice super memorable. (Fresh squeezed juices usually taste excellent, yet the same, every time.
OVERALL: Don't mistakenly order the wrong dish, aka something not special, at this legendary NOLA eatery. Only order off of the Local Favorites section of the menu, which consists of the three dishes I mentioned above. And guess what? My boo and I ate them all like gangstas. (Cash me inside eating all da calories. How bout dat?)
It was the best American breakfast of my life, and I'm not embellishing.Always busy but always worth the wait! Food is always fantastic! The servers are unique and friendly. Everything is fresh and perfect.I live nearby in New Orleans and have been to both Surreys locations multiple times. The food is delicious but I had the absolute worst customer service experience today. 
We were seated after a reasonable wait, but then no server came to our table for 15 min. Then I got up and told the hostess at the front that a server had not come to our table since we sat down. She said okay, then we waited 5 more minutes and still no server came. Then we got up and left. I was so disappointed.Amazing clean healthy local breakfast! Was a little bit of a wait but definitely worth it!Omg this place! I try and go every time I'm in town. Everything packs a super impressive flavor I didn't know could occur from dishes I've tried so many times before! Try everything!Shrimp and grits was the best dish. The French toast with bananas foster was also amazing but if you can only get one dish shrimp and grits is it!Good cofffee...
Great service, a small cramped restaurant. Crab omlette was delightful, perfect poach eggs with corned beef hash, needed to caramelize with potatoes and onions a bit more before serving. 
French toast was old school with real loaf french bread soaked and pan fried in butter. Great. 
Biscuits were hard and lacked that soft fluffy interior I enjoy. 
Fresh squeezed grapefuit juice, fresh and cold.
Shrimp and grits to die for. 
T BertMigas with chorizo and avocado and fresh squeezed orange juice!! Totally hit the spot. Delicious biscuits and potatoes!!We love this place. Everything from huevos rancheros, grilled cheese, great salads, bananas foster French toast (fabulous), boidan, fresh squeezed juice. All lovingly prepared. Been there two days in a row - will again at some point this week. It is small and there tends to be a bit of a line so factor in 10 to 15 minutes. Cash only too but ATM in restaurant.This was my favourite breakfast on my first trip to NOLA.  I had the avocado and Brie omelet with a crawfish creole sauce on top, it was entirely delicious and I'm hard to please with breakfast. Also had the biscuit and it was very good, light, crisp and fluffy with good seasoning. My partner had the shrimp and grits which was also very good.  I recommend.I had my first shrimp and grits here and the next thing I remember, food coma. The shrimp was so juicy and the sauce, whatever it was, I wish I had more. The grit part was creamy and it had this underlying flavor that just made me vacuum my meal. I had a very refreshing and hearty beet, orange, apple, ginger juice and I was feeling good.I saw this place on DD&D and decided I needed to give it a try. It was a nice wall from the Doubletree and well worth it. I had the shrimp & grit with coffee and a kale & carrot juice. You cannot go wrong with this for breakfast. They also had French Toast with mango cream cheese and a baked egg dish with potatoes, onions, etc.  I would go back.
The food was excellent. Well worth the walk.I had the Seared Ham and Mushroom Omelette topped with spicy creole tomato sauce with fresh fruit and freshly squeezed orange juice!!! Amazing! Would definitely come back!We had breakfast here after finding it on yelp and we weren't disappointed! From the outside, the atmosphere inside, the friendly service and the amazing coffee and food! 
I had the mango cream cheese stuffed French toast with a side of scrambled eggs... I wan in heaven! My boyfriend hue is rancheros deluxe he said it was amazing and delicious. We didn't leave a crumb on our plates!I want to love this place, but I have tried it twice and just can't give higher stars.  I have tried the Crab omlette, Caribean Sandwich, and the poached eggs......nothing special.  Don't get me wrong, it is good but I feel like the chef is still trying to find their voice.  
PRO:  The only thing on the menu worth writing about is the butternut squash soup.  Nice consistency and I appreciate the spices that were used.  This is not a bland soup at all so if you do not like spicy you will not like this.
CON:  Really......$5 for a small glass of OJ!  I realize that it is fresh squeezed, but come-on!I like this place. 
I like this place a lot.
So all you peoples better stay away. 
Get off my block and eat somewhere else. 
When we are hungover (or just lazy), this is a block's walk.
So go elsewhere.
Im warning you.
Yes you.
Im grumpy when Im hungover.Located about three blocks from our hotel in the garden district this seemed like the most realistic breakfast choice on a rainy Monday morning with no car.  Although we had to walk in the rain and wait outside for a table.  It was well worth the wait.  (only 15mins or so) Thankfully a good samaritan lent us an umbrella so we wouldn't be completely soaked while enjoying our breakfast.  Thank you good samaritan!  If there is anything I hate more then being too cold it is being completely drenched.  After a short wait we were seated by a very pleasant host.  I chose the boudin sausage, egg over a biscuit and potatoes.  I also indulged in one of their specialty juices which was a three type grapefruit juice.  Delicious, not too bitter with the perfect amount of sweet.  My boudin was tasty, egg was perfectly cooked, biscuit was fluffy and warm and my potatoes were seasoned well.  My boyfriend indulged in the cornbeef hash which was yummy. They were quick with the refills on coffee however getting a refill of hot water for the tea was a little more difficult but not a big deal.  My only complaint was our server was a little distracted so it was a little hard to get the check.  But I will not hold that against Surrey's because we secretly were stalling because we didn't want to walk back in the rain.  Overall an excellent meal and I would definitely go back.  The vibe was relaxed.  There were a lot of choices on the menu for anyone who has dietary restrictions and everyone was very pleasant and friendly.  Can't wait to return!This place is awesome. The staff is so nice and the food is amazing. I am from Philadelphia was visiting friends and am vegetarian. The menu was explained to me in detail, the waiter was very patient and then the food came out amazing. I will definitely go back when visiting!This is my favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans for a plant-based meal. I really appreciate how every breakfast scramble can be made vegan by simply replacing eggs with cubed tofu. My favorites are the tofu breakfast platter, migas, and the vegan french toast. Yum. The service is amazing, and I love the happy, eclectic, New Orleans/Hawaiian vibes.It was so long ago that i was here for brunch, but i remember it being delicious. Especially the cheese grits.
yum.The breakfast burrito was amazing! All the ingredients tasted fresh and my meal wA flavor packed. I got the apple, carrot, and orange juice as well and it was delish!CASH ONLY. Worth any wait you encounter at the door. Great shrimp and grits, gravy is amazing and the juices are fresh and delicious. Casual ambiance and great service!Best shrimp n'grits in town and the banana French toast to die for. The next time I'm in NOLA, I'm sure to make 2 stops!!!It's totally worth the hype! 2 things you need to know up front that I didn't find mentioned in hardly any reviews:
1. Cash Only, they do have an ATM
2. Parking, this is in a residential neighborhood, so parking is a challenge. We parked in front of Mojo's (great place to grab a cup of joe before or after).
Orange juice was fresh and delicious! Shrimp n grits were fantastic! I love the shrimp and grits at New Orleans Cake and Bakery, but these were incredible too! Totally different tastes, so they can't be compared. It's the rosemary that makes these so incredible. The hubster had Banana Foster french toast, which everyone talks about. He said it was really good. The kid had a side of scrambled egg. All the plates were cleaned. 
As for the decor, someone mentioned it scary the kids... That's crazy! The decor is really cute, in fact, I loved it! It reminded me of Dia de los Muertos decor. Totally innocent and colorful. I should've bought one of the little houses! I forgot about them while I was there.
Def recommend.Hands down the best shrimp and grits of life. I wish I could visit New Orleans more often just to eat here. Small little place, good service, better sauce than most places for the entrees.I visited Surrey's three times, and here are my takes on the foods:
Brie, avocado and crab omelet - Where else but in NOLA would one find the said ingredients in one dish? There is a little bit of French in the brie cheese, avocado for the heck of it I suppose, and crab because it's Louisiana.  Though I readily ordered it to enjoy the novelty of the dish, it didn't quite shine. Bland, textures didn't quite meld together.
Banana Foster French Toast - perfect. 
Puerto Rico Breakfast Plate - My first encounter with Boudin sausage could not have been better with the accompanying salsa and eggs. What is in that thing? There seemed to be some rice grains and whatever wonderful spices hail from the Creole people... wow! I think I would have enjoyed it a little less without the sausage. 
Great breakfast joint in the city.Not a far walk from r hotel. Lots of carnivore dishes. I assumed it was a vegetarian restaurant....but o well
The costa rica & bannana foster was yum! Organic juices were great. Off the beaten track non tourist place. Good food and staffSo if I could break up my review my different categories this place would be all over the star scale. 
Location is awesome. Back in a neighborhood in an old style home in New Orleans. Great walk up appeal, just down the street from a park. Everything you could ask for in a location. 5 stars*****
Inside, still very original. Nice art work, felt very natural and open. 4 stars****
The food, not for me. I ordered the Surrey's Eggs. I wanted something not too heavy since we would be walking around NO all day for the final four festivities. The Banana's Fosters French Toast was screaming my name but I had to hold me self back. The service was very fast but the food was just bland. No seasoning, no butter, not even any jelly for my toast. Nothing on my plate between my eggs, potatoes, or toast made me want to eat anything again.Maybe on another day I can try out that French Toast but I don't have the highest of hopes. I  normally would  have given this more than 2 stars, but the definition of 2 stars is "meh, I've experienced better." Right on the money.This place is located near the Garden District. It is pretty small and my party of 6 had to be broken up into 2 tables. That is how small this place is, but that's ok. I ordered their Crab Omelette and it was delicious. Usually with my omelette, I stick with vegetables, bacon, etc. but I had to try this. It was well worth it and was not too heavy.
There is plenty of street parking, just watch out for any signs that are permitted.The pros and cons from a NY point of view for lunch:
The pros: 
It has a really good vibe, I really enjoyed seeing local artists displaying their work
The staff was very friendly, was told there would be a 15minute wait but there was maybe only a 5.
The seating wasn't too cramped for two people, and they keep their condiments (and napkins etc) off the table which ensures 2 plays and beverages can comfortably fit on the table
The cons:
The food was ehhh. 
My friend had the eggplant flatbread which sounds delicious but the flatbread is very heavy and doesn't sit well once consumed. 
I had a pulled pork and sausage special which wasn't too bad but was also incredibly heavy and almost immediately made me want a nap. (Not ideal when this is a stop for lunch and you have plans to sightsee afterwards)
Perhaps for brunch/breakfast their food is better but I'm not impressed. We've been able to find much better food elsewhere and likely won't return to this place.The best shrimp and grits and biscuits and gravy. At first my family was on the fence because it was a small restaurant far away from our hotel, but the food surprised us all. We couldn't believe how amazing it was and would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to adventure out of the tourist area in New Orleans and see how the real civilians live.I stumbled across this fantastic place while wandering down Magazine St. As Californian vegetarians, we were, to put it mildly, THRILLED! And then the food came and we were astounded. We opted for the tofu pesto sandwich - Delicious. Meat eaters are welcome here too though. I'd say its the perfect brunch spot. :-)This was a really high quality brunch and awesome service. The place was packed and we had to wait 20 mins to be seated but this didn't affect the quality of the food and service at all. Everyone was really attentive and genuinely cared about our experience. 
My partner had the hogs head benedict and it was out of this world. 
They had gluten free options but I mainly stuck with sides and the quality of the bacon, eggs, coleslaw and avocado were all really good. 
So this is a great place for gluten free. And if you are British and care about the quality of your tea, they also have good tea!!!!i love this spot so much. it can get super busy on weekends, but it's always worth the wait. the servers are always very friendly! they finally take credit cards now too! :)Read about this place and wanted to try it. I wasn't disappointed. I had a crawfish omelette that was covered in a zesty crawfish creole sauce that made this dish unique and tasty. My niece had a banana pancake with pecans that was the size of a large pizza...it was delicious but was enough to feed three hungry people. A couple next to us ordered the shrimp and grits and said they were excellent. Quaint place with good food.The food here is fantastic. We had the lunch combo - a half sandwich with salad and soup. The vegan vegetable soup was superb, as was the lime cilantro dressing with the salad. The sandwiches (grilled portobello and roasted turkey) were both excellent. The staff were friendly and we loved the relaxed atmosphere. Go.Meh. Try Who Dat or New Orleans Cake Café if you're considering this place. The food wasn't terrible or anything, just a little bland compared to some of the competition. The biscuits were very disappointing. Cake Cafe puts them to shame. It's also advertised as a juice bar, which is definitely not a term I'd use to describe the place. $7 is a little much for a cup of orange juice with some cucumber in it.For those who are like me and are swayed by the 4.5 star reviews here and think this is a must-visit - make no mistake, it's a worthy visit, but certainly not a "must" if you are pressed for time in this city.
Came here on a Friday around 10am and was seated right away. Ordered the shrimp and grits and the bananas fosters French toast. To no fault of Surrey at ALL, we were a tad let down due to our very high expectations from Yelp reviews.
The shrimp and grits, while still very good, was certainly not the best in town. Atchafalaya and Luke hold down the fort on that front, and by an insanely large margin. However, for $13, how can I complain? It would be unfair of me to compare given the price value differentials. Great value and still a pretty darn good dish. 
The bananas foster French toast was a satisfying complement to the shrimp and grits, but we thought it was more bready and less custardy than we would've liked. I definitely agree with all the reviewers here who say that the bananas cream cheese filling was the best part of the dish. It was just delicious and NOT overly sweet at all! However, it was not sufficient and more of it would've made this dish more enjoyable. I would say only 60% of our bites had any filling at all. In short, not enough cream cheese filling, which makes it too bready, and way too much rum/butter/syrup. We basically had to sweep the toasts to the side of the plate that had the least syrup (too sweet for our taste, I know I know, it's a dessert inspired dish....so no fault of surrey here either, just personal preference).  
Our meal was an amazing value. The price points, compared to almost every other brunch spot in town, were among the lowest (for shrimp and grits no less). This made for a very enjoyable experience overall and our stomachs and wallets both left very happy.OHMYGAWDDDDDDD THE SHRIMP AND GRITS ARE OUT. OF. THIS. WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!
This was the first place our friends took us to once we stepped off the plane in New Orleans. And it. was. inCREDIBLE. We were quoted a 45 minute wait, which really ended up being 30 minutes. Love the quirky interior with all the tchotchkes and paintings and mini house facade sculptures! 
Now I have never had grits, and was skeptical about pairing it with shrimp (I was picturing fish and chips, bleghh) but thank GOD I took a leap of faith. It was sublime, that perfectly balanced spicy sweet salty herby sauce poured liberally over grilled shimp and creamy grits, with crispy bacon framing it all?!? It's been 1 month but it seems just yesterday that I was diving deep into the ocean of shrimp and grits sauce, reveling in its supreme flavor, understanding finally, what the meaning of soul food is. I am a believer. 
Disclaimer: The biscuits and gravy on the other hand I could certainly live without- we tried both the mushroom and the sausage gravy and both were super meh. Biscuit was a little hard and not buttery.Thank you Yelpers for recommending this place and the high rating reviews don't lie.
It's quite a far walking distance from the French Quarters. However, my husband and I were luck enough to have a rental car in handy. We went on a Tuesday at 11 am and were seated right away. I didn't even bother looking at the menu because I already knew to order the banana foster french toast based on the reviews. Oh boy, when I got my order. It was definitely a treat. I've been to tons of brunch places in the San Francisco Bay Area and nothing can compare to their french toast. Seriously, YOU MUST TRY THE BANANA FOSTER FRENCH TOAST. You will not regret it  :-DGreat breakfast, lunch, pastries, and coffee.  Great place to hang and do work, just don't steal my table.  =)Holy hipster heaven! Super long wait. Average food. Average prices. Skip the wait and go somewhere else.Fantastic place. The food is incredible and the setting is quant and unique. We got a variety of breakfast foods and they were all great. I had the banana foster French toast and it was good enough to smack you momma. I'm pretty sure I will need a nap later, but it's worth it. Put this place in your New Orleans breakfast plans.We got there just in time for breakfast because even though it was full, two minutes after we were seated there was a line outside. The breakfast croissant was very good, home fries were a bit overcooked and too much seasoning but not bad. The French Toast was absolutely scrumptious! The best one I've ever tried.
The only bad thing I have to say about the restaurant is that the knives were dull so I struggled so cut my Pain Perdu. Also, as soon as I put my utensils down they brought the check to get us out of there even though we were still drinking coffee and water.The Crab Omelet on the local favorites was delectable. The shrimp & Grits had a kick but worth the wait!This place is everything. I would definitely recommend the banana foster French toast and the corned beef breakfast. Simply Amazing !! Will definitely go back.The crab omelette is amazing along with the banana foster French toast! Very chill, comfortable place to eat breakfast. And yummy coffee! I will be back next time im in New Orleans!Put my name on this list...25 minute wait. Me: "Can I order something to drink?"...pointing to the bar. Host: "No..owner's policy". Me: "seriously? The sign says Cafe & Juice Bar".Cute little place with fantastic service. Gave only 4 stars because I asked for no bacon in my breakfast burrito (I'm vegetarian) and they put it in anyway. Would have liked to see them comp the dish, but they just apologized. Great experience otherwise.Found this place as we were on our way to a tour and had some extra time. I am SO glad we did. This was one of the best breakfasts I've had. We ordered the breakfast burrito, the Montana Plate, and the French toast. Everything was delicious (especially the grits), but nothing was as delicious as the French toast. By far the best French toast I've ever had. Definitely a place to try!Tried the banana French toast, croque madame and biscuit, and everything was fantastic! The French toast was very sweet, and the croque Madame was huge and wonderfully cheesy, with the hash browns as a perfect compliment.Definitely will be back!! Looks like a hole in the wall and the place is rather warm but the food was great. Service was also great. They made recommendations but I loved the avocado omelette.Shrimp and grits. Best food I have ever had in my life.   Lydia is wonderful.  Wow. My wife had the Migras breakfast and loved it. My son had the biscuits and gravy and my daughter hand the scramble eggs with lox. All great.  To get here from French Quarter, we took the St Charles tram to Garden District then short work.food is good. service is not. We go there at least 2-3 times a week, because of their organic options and fresh juice. There were 3 of us and It was 32 degrees outside. they had tables open but they were 2 tops and one large table right by the door ( that is constantly being opened) and the bar seats were available. we asked if we could wait for a table away from the door since we would rather not be shivering our entire meal. She (the waitress with very short hair) could not have said this is a more rude manner. "well you're going to have to wait outside then" We all just stood there dumfounded that she would talk to us that way.there was no one else waiting - it was not busy- you want us to stand outside in 32 degree weather? really? we were hungry and looking forward to some fresh juice so we sat by the door. They were out of the juice. wonderful.  They definitely act like they're doing you a favor.I LOVE LOVE LOVE Surrey's!  I cannot wait to go there again.  I got the Huevos Rancheros with a side of avacado mash.  Everything was so fresh!  I also liked that they had healthy food along with traditional breakfast items such as french toast and hash browns. Works well for us because I like healthy and my husband likes sweet. I would recommend to anyone.  
Also, it is pretty small in there and they don't take CC.  So Just keep that in mind.I am going to keep this short and sweet. If you are looking for the best shrimp and grits money can buy, look no further. Those beautiful, creamy grits layered under those plump, juicy shrimp with that BBQ-shrimp sauce should be illegal. A perfect combination of creamy, sweet and spicy. Magical. I call it, aptly, food that changes lives.Cash only seemed to be the theme around Orleans, so that part wasn't surprising.  
The presentation of the food was nice.
Flavor was just OK, nothing to brag, I think I'd go back.AWRSOME breakfast place. Service. Food and prices..... suggestions  Montana plate, Bananas Foster French toast, cheese grits. 
Make sure you get hereThe shrimp and grits were amazing! The watermelon lemonade was good as well. The food was worth the hour long wait.Mmmm the Migas egg plate is so delicious!! It's scrambled eggs with onions, tomatoes, poblano peppers, cheddar cheese, pico de gallo and corn tortilla chips, and it's so flavorful and cheesy and so crunchy with the chips! I also had a perfect flaky biscuit and heavenly grits. 
My boyfriend had the breakfast sandwich with sausage on a biscuit, but the wide and flat eggs didn't quite line up right with the round sausage and squat biscuit, so it felt more like three separate things than an integrated sandwich. That said, all the elements were tasty, and we were also happy to purchase some local art (which adorns the walls) while we were there.The SHRIMP AND GRITS here = hands down, the best thing I ate in New Orleans. 
The sauce is so EXTREMELY tasty!! The bacon and rosemary add a lot of depth to the dish. Also, there were so many shrimps that I lost count!
The restaurant is quite small and gives off a charming hole-in-the-wall vibe. My group of 6 waited about 20 minutes on a Thursday morning around 11am - I'd imagine a weekend wait would be quite substantial. 
Doesn't matter to me - I'd wait for as long as I need to if it means I get those shrimp & grits again. Until then, I'll be dreaming about them in California.I loved everything I tried but the Bananas Foster French Toast made my day. The service was great too, very friendly. Love this place.Had a great breakfast there this morning. It's very quaint, cozy and service was fast and courteous. My wife ordered the banana filled French toast and I had the biscuits n gravy, scrambled eggs, ham, bacon and grits. Bomb.com. I thought the biscuits could be fluffier and not so thick and hard which would've flowed more with the gravy which had good flavor. My wife utterly destroyed her French toast and as a great cook herself she got more ideas on how to apply her world red own homemade banana pudding! Great place to check out!Long waiting list on Monday for decent food and coffee but customer service had too many rules, such as not seating if all of party not present & not serving coffee while waiting in line outside. They were clearly trying to move us through the restaurant swiftly to gain more tables, so not a relaxing place to eat if visiting friends or trying to have a relaxing breakfast. Attempting to clear plates too often. They kept asking my wife if they could take her plate as she was still eating, with food in her mouth. Shrimp and grits decent flavor but grits and "house made bagel" were both too dry, not buttered or no butter offered. Wouldn't come back.The food was amazing, everything anyone ordered. All employees were very friendly. A small hole in the wall that I will be bringing many people to in the future. Prices were great and affordable. I also want to come back because I want to try everything else on the menu it was so good.Shrimp and grits hold a very close place in my heart, due to my step mom! Compliments to the chef! It definitely have hers a run for her money. Justin was our server, and he did an amazing job. Friendly and welcoming! Don't pass this place up! Amazing!!!!This place is well worth the long ass wait! Although nothing fancy inside & super tight, the food was perfect! We had the bananas foster French toast & shrimp & grits and absolutely loved both!! Service was fine but the overall fabulousness of this place is the food itself! Thoughtfully prepared & delicious!I had a delicious breakfast here during our trip, omelet with avocado and Brie topped with shrimp and creole tomato sauce. My only complaint was the biscuits were very dense. Cute decor, great coffee and great location!Surrey's is a nice breakfast joint that offers fresh juices and breakfast/brunch items ranging from the vegan bagel plate with avocado mash, to bananas foster french toast.  The first time I went there was during a very busy Sunday morning and I got the huevos rancheros bowl (all the stuff layered together and topped with mole and cheese) and my man got the traditional French toast.  My food was luke-warm and very bland. The French toast was soggy and nothing to write home about.  However, I have been back twice and had 2 tasty meals since, so Surrey's has been redeemed in my eyes.  I strongly recommend the the migas (a yummy southwest-style scramble that includes crushed up corn tortilla chips) the bagel plate, and the special sandwiches which someone else also praised.  The juices are not cheap, but if you are battling a hangover or just feeling crappy, an apple, orange, and carrot juice and a plate of migas will set you right.  Cash only. Service is efficient, but not much else. During my first experience, when they were very busy, it was impossible to get anything, especially coffee refills.I initially visited a year ago at the recommendation of my Airbnb host and it was well worth the second visit this time around. The food is still amazing! The dining space is small/intimate but homey and the customer service is amazing. I will definitely plan to come back when I'm back in town.Breakfast. Good orange juice and tasty pancakes. Yummy, tasty toasted bagels with cream cheese also.Service was a little slow because the place is a little small, but the food was great. Don't expect to get a table right away even on a weekday.A perfect, quaint lower garden district breakfast.    This is a short walk from my house and my favorite breakfast anytime I can get it.  It is cash only, they do not serve alcohol.  On a busy weekend (Super Bowl, jazz fest, mardi gras...) yes you will have a long wait, but 90% of the times I go it's 15 min or less.  It's a very small old house, mostly 2 and 4 top tables.  Only one table for 6 and larger parties will have to split up.   Everything is good people.   Pain Perdu (french toast) if I want something sweet.  Montana breakfast if I can't decide (but I never eat it all).  Shrimp and Grits if I'm going for brunch.... Always a side of grits with cheese.  Always a fresh squeezed juice starter......   It is  kid friendly, but not much room for strollers, leave the big ones at home.  The banana pancake is a favorite for my son.  It is literally the size of a 12" plate.  You have been warned.  this place never disappoints.My friend and I had a great weekday brunch here! I had the boudin biscuit and she had the roasted veggie omelet. Neither of us are big biscuit eaters, but these had really enjoyable flavor and texture. 
On the topic of texture, if you are new to boudin sausage (seems unique to NO) just be aware it is softer than most sausage. I wondered if mine was done, but I was assured it was. It was hot all the way through and very tasty. I'm a fan, but it was different.
Go, for sure!Bananas Foster French Toast. Best french toast I've ever had. Not too sweet. I don't normally like ordering sweet dishes, but this was amazing and worth it! 
Shrimp & Grits. Super creamy grits. Delicious.They accept credit card. Definitely not just a juice bar, let alone the first in New Orleans. Given the hype of all these other reviewers with Surrey's shrimp and grits, we had to indulge. You absolutely have to try it. The shrimp is cooked so well, many places tend to overcook, but they are so tender. The grits are so buttery and delicious, and were totally perfect with a few drops of hot sauce. 
Wonderful service, everyone was so friendly and accommodating.Great soups, freshly squeezed juices, nice lunch combo... And I'm not even talking about their amazing shrimps & grits: the best so far! The sauce with fresh rosemary is to die for!It was a wait,but worth it I enjoy every bite
the pancake was okThe blonde girl server was very rude and disrespectful. I asked her if there were any daily special juices and she said no, while the other server told the guests at the next table that there were. Felt like she just wanted to send me away as soon as I finished my food. Her attitude in general made me feel very uncomfortable and angry. The food was ok too. The tofu platter was a little too salty.The best shrimp and grits we had during our stay (not surprising as most of the pics on here are of that meal!) and all round quality food with a home cooked feel.... unlike some of the bigger brunch places in the city. Felt slightly healthier and more organic, green, etc than other places we visited too. The juices helped with our recovery from the night before and was refreshing to see granola, fruit and yoghurt on the menu as a lighter option :)From Cali to NYC this place has the best bagels and lox you have ever tasted. Just over a mile from the French Quarter, worth the walk two mornings in the cold. Mouth waters just thinking about it.I enjoyed my meal, but the quoted wait time was wildly inaccurate, seating very cramped, others in my party were not wowed, and service was a bit uneven.  Came here for breakfast on a Saturday and the small storefront was overflowing with people.  We put in our request for a table for 4 and was told it would be a 45 minute wait.  We decided to wait and walked a few blocks uptown to grab a cup of coffee.  45 minutes came and went.  Then another 45 minutes came and went.  I would say our wait was closer to 90 minutes.  Don't you appreciate when places overestimate the time of your wait so you feel lucky when you are seated prior to the quoted time?  Doesn't it leave a bad taste in you mouth when your wait time far exceeds that time that has been quoted?  
When we were finally seated, we were put a small table, and seriously it was cramped and not very comfortable.  One of the highlights was the juice I ordered, a ginger grapefruit and something else I forget..whatever it was it was delicious.  Although I was the only one in my party to be served in a to go cup, which looked a little smaller than the glasses others had gotten.  I guess they ran out of those.  We finally ordered and waited patiently. Servers seemed overworked. The food took a bit of time to arrive, and when it did it looked great.  I had the shrimp and grits.  Shrimp was plentiful, a nice sized portion, very good buttery creamy grits, and a savory sauce with decent kick.  A really nice dish.  My friend's corned beef hash was  a little strange..Huge chunks of corned beef was a little too tough.  Another friend's egg and ham steak combination did not look like anything special.  An omelet looked good.  Overall it was a good meal, but not worth the wait.  Also, no bloody Mary's or alcohol here, which when in New Orleans, is sometimes what you need in the morning.  I'd return but would be skeptical of wait times.  Parties of 2 seemed to get seated quicker.Arrived 1225. Host told us it would be a 45 minute wait. We were seated an hour and a half later. Ordered. Mmmmm carrot apple juice was yummy. Time goes by... Three parties come in after us, order and get their food. We finally inquire about our food. Waiter tells us the kitchen is backed up. Okay! So we only get pissed because, the answer was a bs answer. We call for the manager, manager is not in, Tom comes out and offers a better explanation and offers to give us out drinks free *side eye* ... We complain a little more and he's a bit more reasonable. Half off the order and the food was amazing!!!!!!!! Omg so good! Like my friend said, "people will settle for mediocre food for good service, but not the other way around" she's right!Initially when we drove by we had doubts about coming here since there were a lot of people waiting outside and we were starving. We put our name on the list and were told it would be about a 45 minute wait, however, it only ended up being a 15 minute wait (Score!). The place is pretty small, since it is basically in a house. I got the stuffed banana foster French toast, which was amazing! The bread was not your standard sliced bread, but homemade. He got the crab meat omelette which was full of flavor and super savory. We would definitely order both of them again. Not too mention the service was super fast! Total time spent there including the wait was probably less than an hour.My BFF and I were in town for different events and wanted to grab some breakfast. I've been here a few times and she hadn't but I knew she would love the biscuits and gravy. She ordered The Montana Plate and I ordered the Surrey's Egg Plate. Both dishes were awesome and we finished all of our food! (No judgement!) There is always a wait at Surrey's, but not longer than 30 mins. Tom was our waiter and the service was great!Walking distance from our Airbnb on our last stay in NOLA, Surrey's is a charming neighborhood spot I'm happy to say I was able to enjoy twice in one weekend!
I about lost it over the shrimp and grits--these grits are so light and fluffy (even my grits-hating husband enjoyed them), and the spicy sauce was practically drinkable. 
The bananas foster french toast is at once airy and decadent, bathed in a caramel sauce so good you could lick the plate. Definitely split this dish with at least another person!
While they don't serve alcohol, we saw several tables with bottles of champagne, or you could go to the bar next door and grab a bloody mary ;).Place was great, Tried two menu items and both tasted great. I think I had the Banana fosters french toast. Cant' remember what my wife had.MUST MUST visit when in NOLA. I came here because of great reviews and it definitely lived up to the hype and even surpassed my expectations.
The banana foster French toast was literally heaven on earth. Everything about this dish is perfection. 
Shrimp and grits. Wow also divine. The shrimp was fresh and so perfectly seasoned. I don't even like grits.
Perfect combination of sweet and savory dishes. I could not get enough of both and really have considered booking a ticket just to come back here. Will definitely be back when I visit NOLA again!!Best meal we had in NOLA. Just go with no preconceptions and you should have a fab experience. Order what they're most famous for; it's for a reason. Only dropped a star because the shrimp n grits was not equal to my bananas fosters (but only by a smidge). All in all, a great dining experience; they run the cafe like pros and I would definitely go again and really recommend it.Fabulous! Delicious food and great service. It would be five stars, but for the hour plus wait.This place is adorable, exactly the type of "local flavor" that I look for when visiting a new city. The decor is cute, the food and juice were great, and the service is friendly. Prices are extremely reasonable. Highly recommended.
They don't do separate checks.Worth the wait!! It is worth the wait!! The shrimp and grits made you want to swim in them they were so good. I would have licked my plate if I was at home. Yass!! Oh and the biscuit are so dense with a touch of fluffiness, you don't even need butter or honey. We tried the crab omelet and another item and they were excellent. Don't be discouraged by the wait. You are giving your tummy a treat.  What a reward !!Surrey's was a perfect spot for breakfast. Great New Orleans house ambiance on Magazine street - filled with artwork and uniquely decorated tables. We ordered the boudin and eggs and the pain perdu with coffees for both. Since it's a juice bar, we also ordered an orange juice but it never arrived. That being said, that didn't hamper our thoughts about the restaurant. The food was flavorful and the portion size was great. The boudin was probably the best I had while in the city. The pain perdu reminded me of a custard - so delicious. 
My only recommendation would be for the joint to get an espresso machine and to provide artificial sweeteners for the coffee. That being said, it was fabulous.Best breakfast joint in NO. We came to Surrey's about 7 times during our vacation :-)I'm writing this review based off of just one dish: shrimp & grits. SO. GOOD. Two of my friends tried the dish a day before I did and ordered it again the next day with me because it was THAT GOOD. The service was excellent and the food came out really fast (probably because we came really early on a Tuesday).Love this place. This is a small, casual, breakfast/lunch spot. They don't take reservations and there is often a long line by the time lunch-time hits so I recommend showing up early! Their bananas foster french toast is so delicious. I've had their crab melt sandwich and it was stuffed with crab meat. They also always have fresh squeeze juices that taste very healthy and refreshing.AMAZING Grits! How sweet the sound 
They saved a wretch like me.
I once was lost, but now am found,
Was blind, but now I see. 
Rollin Down the Street, smoking club sandwiches, sippin on satsuma juice
Laid back, with my mind on potato salad and potato salad on my mind
only downside is that it's cash only.Quality.
I arrived around 1 pm starved after running the Crescent City Classic (even though I stuffed my face at the post race party). I ended up waiting about 10 minutes, which gave me some time to peruse the menu and narrow my list down to 3 options:
-Lump Meat Crab Salad with tomato, mozzarella, pesto vinaigrette and greens. ($14)
-Crab Meat omelete with avocado and brie ($12.50)
-Avocado and brie omelete with cajun crawfish gravy ($12)
I chose the 3rd option and was glad that I did. Since I was dining alone, I was placed at the counter. My server assisted me right away and I had no problems with him. 
I received my food within 10 minutes. A good sized omelet covered with the crawfish gravy. The brie was melted perfectly, the avocado was ripe but not overly so (not mushy) and the gravy had 12-16 good dime sized chunks of crawfish. It was served with a warm biscuit. 
The gravy was spicy and flavorful and worked really well with the eggs, avocado and brie (I was nervous about how seafood and eggs would taste together).
I did not get the juice as I I found $5 for a 12 oz glass to be too pricey for me, even if it is fresh squeezed.
I have only been back for 8 hours but have already recommended this spot to 3 other people. I would definitely come back here as the menu had some great options for breakfast/brunch.Surrey's was just the type of brunch I was looking for on a random Friday off. I didn't want anything too dressy or over-rated. Surrey's is casual, artsy, comfy, and delicious. The high ratings are justified! Their fresh juice of the day when we went was so yummy, and it helped me decide what to get because I'm sort of lost in the juice world. I got the biscuit and sausage gravy, recommended by a co-worker, and this is my one and only reason for 4 stars. The gravy was so peppery (not spicy)! I add pepper to everything, so I enjoy it, but maybe someone was heavy handed that day because it was hard to eat. The Bananas Foster french toast totally made up for it, and I'll be back for sure. Thanks for a great birthday brunch, wonderful people of Surrey's!This place is not somewhere i frequent because of the wait and parking challenges.  However, every time i go there i enjoy the food tremendously.  I often bring out of town friends because of the unique and high quality food.  It never disappoints.Amazingly great food!!!  Neat funky and friendly neighborhood spot, with gray shrimp and grits, bananas foster French toast, croque madame...everything we ordered was SO great!!!Yesterday took my family for brunch. Excellent food! Had shrimp and grits, awesome! Service was slow since crowded. The place needs a good scrub! Over all great food!!!Loved the vibe of this place, so cute and quirky! The Migas with chorizo was really good, and the biscuits are so dense but fluffy. Cute little breakfast spot with local artwork for sale on the walls which was a cool touch.My partner loves a cheap diner breakfast, and Surrey's comes through straight gold.  You can substitute tofu for eggs in most dishes; I choose their Surrey's Egg Plate (Surrey's Sub-the-Egg Plate?). It's going to become a great vegetarian-vegan compromise spot for us, I'm sure.
It was almost fully occupied on a Monday morning but my food came out quickly. The plate was really brown in the best carb-tastic way...home fries (really nicely spiced!), rye toast, and a few thick slices of solid tofu. Solid in all ways- texturally (maybe they freeze it? It's definitely pressed), flavor (no hint of beans like tofu can have when it's thrown straight into the pan from the water-filled package), and amount (I felt a bit skimped at first but it was quite filling). I was glad I got a carrot-grapefruit-cucumber juice to go along with it for some color and nutrients :] it was a very fair deal for a large juice.
Service was friendly and prompt. I was sad to see that they served their breakfast with cheap Smuckers jelly; I really hoped they would have some sort of better option. Props to them for including clearly marked veg*n options and for a beautiful interior! I would give five stars no doubt if they added some sort of vegan sweet treat so I can come have an indulgent BYOChampagne brunch!Went here on a Friday morning and it was pretty crowded, but no wait. The food was pretty good and many different types of breakfast foods were available.
I recall the OJ being REALLY expensive, maybe like $5/glass- but it was fresh and tasty!
I'd say my meal was $15 after tip & tax (no OJ)
Cute atmosphere and the tables were lined with newspapers under plexi glass. Pretty cool idea.I love that they have breakfast all day and it's really good. It stays pretty busy at this location, but they turn over tables quickly.  There is a great egg alternative breakfast meal with tofu. It's tofu is marinated and yummy. Makes me wish they had a tofu scramble there....one day maybe?
I've been there several times and each time has been really good.Hit surreys at off hours. It closes at 3pm and has a good lunch menu. Come on a weekday do avoid the crush. I took this approach today and I have to say its a quite improved appearance. You can actually absorb the quaint decor and the wait staff is in a much better mood. The prices are quite reasonable. Fresh ingredients and my side recommendation- the potato salad. Check it out when things aren't so hectic and bring cash, you will leave happy.Lovely spot and the veggies omelette is the perfect breakfast for me. Was in the fortunate position I was staying one block away (at the equally brilliant victorian house on Magazine 1455: see airbnb), but it's worth a little trip.The best french toast I have ever tried in my life!!! I want everyone and their mothers to try it right now! PS someone pls bring me some to Miami!Visited with my family (5 total) on our way to Disney World during Christmas week.  Had a 30 minute wait but it was well worth it.  The establishment is small but the service was quick and friendly. Everyone enjoyed their plate, the Bananas Foster French Toast was incredible as mentioned many times over. Other plates included ham omelette, biscuits and gravy and a large croissant breakfast sandwich. 
I would definitely recommend and plan to return on my next trip to NOLA. Cash only!My friend went here the weekend before I came into town. She highly recommend this place. Knowing that she is a true foodie, like myself, I trusted her and made the drive over. Let me just say words can't express how delicious the food is here. I ordered two meals. The French  toast and the shrimp and grits. The shrimp and grits are by far the best I ever ate. Creamy, seasoned, delicious, fresh, the best I ever late! We also ordered the biscuits & gravy. The biscuits are just like the ones my grandmother makes and the gravy was the perfect compliment. Seasoning was perfect, sausage was delicious. I will be back here again the next time I am in New Orleans.The husband and I ate here one month ago. 
How many ways can I say a-ma-zing?!
I had bananas foster french toast with a side of boudin and fresh squeezed apple juice.
The husband had a fried oyster poboy and some yummy organic juice with ginger and other goodness.
The place is cozy with great affordable eats.
We were very pleased.Really great sausage and biscuits, per BF.  I had a Mexican scramble that was very good.  A bit of a wait but worth it!This is a quaint restaurant with excellent service. We split the pumpkin pancake (very filling) on the specials menu which was very good. Very affordable! I highly recommend it for breakfast.I had banana french toast.  I am coming back here (from San Francisco) because of this dish.  It was worth every minute of the wait, which is a bit on Sundays.  Try going on another day if possible.Heard folks rave about their bagels and lox, but it was just okay, not the greatest.  The lox didn't have enough taste to it, no real "punch" for me to say that it was off the hook.  Don't get me wrong though, this place was good as some of my other friends ordered other things.  Surrey's is also known for their bananas foster french toast, which was pretty good.  Some of us also ordered the "jungle punch or juice," which consisted of fresh juices, which I cannot recall anymore and cactus juice.  This had a rather interesting taste.  It tasted "green" and I don't know how to describe that.  I think it's an acquired taste, but I sure wouldn't order it.  Service was good, as the waitress came by to refill our water and my coffee.  Lastly, go early, as there are lines, but we lucked out and a table was ready when we got there.  On our way out, there was a line outside the restaurant.
I'd rate Surrey's a solid 3.5 star, not quite a 4 star in my books.OMG best shrimp and grits ever! I haven't had a lot of grits but those were some nicely seasoned shrimp!If you're looking for an amazing breakfast, you've come to the right place. I came here bright and early 8am and was seated right away. The place is pretty small and a tight squeeze but has a lot of character. 
I got the shrimp & grits. This meal seemed small at first but I was stuffed after! I was in a slight food coma actually. It was delicious! The grits had a slight cheesy taste and it blended so well with the shrimp and the bbq sauce. 
My auntie got a baked creole eggs to share with her daughter. They loved it and also got a side of grits but couldn't finish everything even though this seemed small as well. My bf got Surrey's egg plate. It looked sooo good. The portion was really generous.
The food all together was amazinggg. Its a great breakfast spot for family style dining. We left and passed by the restaurant again within a 15 min time frame and there was a long wait outside! It was barely 10am. Come early!really great breakfast - huge variety, very flexible, deliver on the food.  excellent grits - they're made with cream cheese and are creamy but not as heavy as you might imagine.  best mushroom gravy I have ever had - with homemade biscuits, blew my mind.  good granola, too.  would be my go-to brunch spot if I lived here.The best biscuits I think I have ever had in my life! And I grew up on Bob Evan's biscuits, so that's saying a lot. The eggs I had were baked with andouille sausage, onions, peppers, and cheddar, and tasted absolutely wonderful as well.Visited with the hubby 8/16-8/19 and visited this place on Sunday 8/18 at 2 p.m. 
Upon entry, we were greeted and seated immediately.  That was a great first impression. After that it was pretty much downhill. 
Our server wasn't very friendly, she never smiled and people should know that a smile goes a long way, especially in service industry. She was very matter of fact which made us feel like we were bothering her. I ordered an apple/carrot/ginger juice which was good but that's what I make a few times a week at home,  shrimp and grits and he had the crab omelet. The latter two items were a FAIL. The food wasn't unpalatable but it was bland as heck. My grits were soupy and didn't have that creamy dreamy taste as I'd expected based on reviews and being in NOLA. I had amazing shrimp and grits at Lucy's over in the business district. 
Unbeknownst to be, a massive cockroach was crawling on the table behind us.  Hubby didn't tell me until after we left because he knew I would have freaked. Would we go back? Probably not. I expected much more here based on the rave reviews. I expected an explosion of flavor, I got bland personality/ service and equally bland food.Charming, LITTLE spot with a divey atmosphere that seemed appealing to both the local & tourist crowds.  The staff was attentive and warm, the coffee was some of the best I've had in while (Starbucks who?) and both my mom (who was definitely skeptical) and I cleaned our plates!Shrimp and grits.  Everytime. We love Surrey's so much we went here right before we got engaged, b/c it's our special place.  Hellz yeah!!!!This is a very cute little restaurant to dine at for breakfast, brunch or lunch. The decor was nice, food was delicious and service was great. Our server was very nice and friendly. Would definitely return if ever in NOLA again.Shrimp and grits = awesome.
Biscuits and gravy = awesome.
No wait on Saturday afternoon, good service.
Nuff said.The food was delicious! It was a little cramped but the place has a ton of character in a cute neighborhood. I'd come back for sure.Banana Foster French Toast and Pulled Pork Benedict. Amazing. Quaint place in Garden District. All the food is great as are the juices. I would highly recommend this spot as the best place to grab breakfast before a walk down Magazine.The food was absolutely amazing!  The place was packed and we had to wait for about an hour, so be ready for that. However, the wait was definitely worth it. We were a party of 4 and everyone ordered something different. Pictures enclosed.