I came in for breakfast today. 
A solid breakfast option uptown in a cozy dining area (outdoor seating is also available).  I was seated promptly at the bar and within minutes, the place was packed.  
The place was bright, open and inviting - very desirable for a weekend breakfast.
I had the freshly squeezed orange juice (next time I'm going to try the carrot), coffee and the huevos rancheros. The Surrey's variation of this classic Mexican breakfast was topped with a rich mole sauce which complemented the tortillas, beans, and eggs perfectly.   The sauce didn't taste homemade - but hey who said Chef Rick Bayless was in the kitchen? Enjoy it for what it's worth.  
Service was fast and efficient.  I'm not too worried about the friendly part.  Breakfast-time is usually too early for all that.Great Yelp reviews and on Dinners, Drive-ins and Dives. Had to try it out. Decided on their uptown location to avoid a wait. We had a fantastic breakfast!  The wife had the scrambled eggs with salmon and I had the crab meat omelette. Both were excellent. We couldn't believe how fast it was from ordering to being served.This place was as good as it gets. Worth the trip for breakfast regardless of where you are staying in NOLA. Staff was great, prices were great, and all four of us loved every bit of everything we ordered. The Country Fried Chicken with eggs and maple praline bacon was heaven. My wife ordered peanut butter & banana stuffed pancakes that were also to die for. Would go back in a minute. Awesome, awesome breakfast.They make their own fresh juices which you can blend to make your own creation. I had the carrot, orange and apple juice which was lovely. We all ordered different dishes and tried a bit of each. Mine was the Miga- scrambled eggs mixed in with all sorts of delicious goodies including crispy tortilla chips. The Count had the huevos rancheros deluxe which included smoked salmon. He absolutely loved it! I on the other hand didn't like the mixture of the black beans and the smoked salmon. Smoked salmon to me is best served with cream cheese, capers and onions. However, to each their own I guess. The best part of the meal had to be the stuffed banana french toast which was truly like to no other I've ever tasted. The mixture of flavors and the rich sauce was to die for. 
They have a really large selection and I definitely will have to go back to try out the rest. If you ever happen to be in New Orleans definitely check this place out for breakfast/brunch- if one is busy (which I guarantee you it will be) there are always two locations: one Uptown and the other in the Garden District. 
See my blog for full post:
http://hungrynomadeats.blogspot.com/2012/01/surreys-uptown-new-orleans-usa.htmlGreat breakfast place. The breakfast burrito hit the spot, as did the stuffed french toast and the egg dishes. Service was quick and efficient, and they also allowed you to bring in alcohol from the bar next ddor (although we resisted the temptation). There are plenty of vegetarian options, and all of the food was fresh.
Perfect start to the day.We love this place as a special treat for breakfast. I always get the banana pancakes but my wife loves the shrimp n grits, huevos rancheros and the breakfast nachos.
The fresh juice is amazing as well. Since it was beautiful weather outside we chose to eat outside. Love this place!The hostess was unbelievably RUDE!!! She seems to choose who is seated in an  order other than who arrived first. I waited next to the sign that said "wait here to be seated" and meanwhile, she wandered down the street and started putting people on the sidewalk on the list. I can't remember a time when I experienced such poor customer service. 
Definitely not worth the wait. The food is average. You could definitely find better brunch spots Uptown. Do yourself a favor and go to Slim Goodies or Satsuma.Great location with outdoor seating under shade. The options are plentiful. The corned beef hash was really good. My only criticism is that when it says hash browns don't expect shredded but rather cubed potatoes and not many at that. Everyone else with me really enjoyed their breakfast and we plan to return for sure.Amazing banana foster French toast! Would travel all the back from California to eat this! Staff is super friendly as well!!Again, I would consider myself a foodie... I give Surrey's five stars because it truly earns five stars! The hostess could of smiled more but besides that the service was great both times we went as was the food! We went to Surrey's for the first time on 5/6 and again on 5/7 because we enjoyed our meals that much. I ordered the same thing both days, I got the migas with no chorizo and a biscuit. The biscuits were some of the best I have ever had, freshly baked, light and delicious! The migas was delectable, I highly recommend it. Get it with chorizo if pig is your thing! We also ordered a side of mushroom gravy which was savory, flavorful and scrumptious (we ordered it both days just for our biscuits we loved it so much!!) My other half ordered a crawfish omelet the first day which he said the crawfish sauce was amazing and there were big chunks of real crawfish in it. He also said the grits were by far the best he's ever had. The second day he ordered the migas with no chorizo but had lump crab added (not on menu but they accommodated this request with a smile) he too thought the migas was delectable. The homefries were nothing to write home about but the other parts of the breakfast made up for what the homefries were lacking. Another great thing about Surrey's is the fresh squeezed juice. We tried a grapefruit juice with ginger the first day (some of the best and freshest grapefruit juice ever); on the second day a lemonade with ginger and limeade. Overall, Surrey's is a great place to eat, although very small, the food was flavorful, well-prepepared, well-cooked!!! Keep up the good work!!! :)Great food!! We went two days in a row because it was simple delicious food. The first day I got the bananas foster French toast and my boyfriend got the egg sandwich special. Wow the French toast was incredible and the sandwich we pretty darn tasty too. I was worried the French toast would be too sweet but it was the perfect amount of richness. We also got a side of cheese grits which were unbelievably smooth and creamy and some dang good fresh oj. 
When we went back today I got a BLT with an egg on it and my boyfriend got the breakfast burrito. Both were good. One thing that distracted us from our tasty food was the heat inside the place. We went later in the afternoon today so maybe that's why it was hotter than yesterday. But they just had two ceiling fans that didn't do much. I Would give this place 5 stars if not for the heat. Servers were pleasant and over all a good experience   Just be sure to go in the morning during the summer.Normally I have good food and service here, but today was pretty disappointing. The homefries and omlette came to us cold, and the spinach and foccacia sandwich was soggy and flavorless with unmelted cheese. Service was slow and apathetic.Best breakfast we had in New Orleans. Great vegetarian and vegan options.We enjoyed a late Sunday brunch here today. The food was amazing and the staff were extremely friendly and attentive. We brought our 12 month old baby and they brought a nice, clean and study highchair, which many restaurants in Nola are lacking. They brought us sliced avocado, plain grits and a slice of cheese for him right away and he couldn't have been happier. I had the shrimp and grits, which were a tad spicy and very flavorful. Would definitely get that again. The fresh squeezed juices are delicious and the coffee was also very good. We will be coming back here very soon!Great place for breakfast!  We had a party of eight so decided to get there when they opened so we wouldn't have to wait for a table.  Great service and very good food.  This will definitely be on the regular rotation when we are in New Orleans.Came here on a whim and this is definitely one of my new favorite breakfast spots in the city. Very flavorful food and wonderful coffee. The atmosphere is fun and the service is great! The crabmeat omelette is to die for and the Migas is actually done perfectly! Can't wait for our next visit!Surrey's fans who live Uptown will be pleased to know you no longer have to drive all the way to the ass end of Magazine for a tasty breakfast and fresh-squeezed juice.  Surrey's Uptown occupies the former Fuel space, and it's working well for them; the outside tables are well-shaded and still quiet enough to be enjoyable.  The inside space is sunny and relatively roomy.
The food, beverage, and service are comparable to their counterparts at the original location (in order: pretty good, really good, and ehhh).  You're ordering from the same menu, which is nice, although it would be neat if the Uptown place developed some new dishes to call their own.
Try the migas (con chorizo), the banana pancake with peanut butter, or the especially tasty house-made breakfast burrito, and wash it down with pretty much any fruit juice you could think of.They still don't take card or split checks, which is fine unless you have a group. Also, most of the food is relatively greasy and will upset your stomach half way through it.I can't say enough good things about this place. It is my FAVORITE brunch place and I love the casual environment. The food is nothing sort of exceptional every time. I take my friends and family here whenever they visit. I've yet to be disappointed and I don't think I ever will be. This is such a great establishment.Never have I ever had a negative experience at Surrey's. My roommate and I have been on a brunch hunt since we moved to New Orleans and sadly it's not going so well because we always end up back at Surrey's. Their willingness to make anything vegan and their giant banana pancake make Sunday mornings worth waking up for. 
One last thing: best grits I've ever had.Stopped by for brunch with my sister and her fiancé. I had huevos rancheros deluxe. They were really good, very colorful and flavorful. Interesting combination of salmon, goat cheese, and... mole! It was awesome.
Served surprisingly fast.Went here for the first time a few days ago, and it was great stop. We heard so much about the shrimp and grits, so that was what we ordered. It was super delicious, and the portion size was on point. I am an huge fan of shrimp and grits, so I have had this dish at many places & can be a little picky. I've no problems with this one, but I will probably try other things next time I go here. Everyone should make a stop here because it looked like there is something for everyone to try.
Update-08-02-14:
Came here again and tried the Banana Foster French toast. I totally understand the rave for this dish. It had great flavor, and if I was really letting myself loose, I'd order it every time I came here. This is definitely a large portion for one person - unless you're like me & can stomach almost any portions! If you do order it, I'd make sure you can finish it bc its just too good to let it go to waste (or to-go).Hands down one of the best meals I had in NOlA
The absolute best shrimp and grits and the best French toast 
Can't say enough how much I loved this place!I was very skeptical about the grits and shrimp breakfast. But since I wanted to try a very local New Orleans dish, I decided to give it a shot. You have no idea how good this is! I highly recommend this place. The restaurant has a cool vibe and the service is very friendly and fast. On my next NOLA visit, I will definitely stop by here again.  It changed my life.Went a few years back and there were roaches on the wall and one in my water cup. I wont be backThank God I don't live near this place, I'd be obese. Had the shrimp and grits since everyone recommended it so highly. It was the best thing I think I've ever had. I kept eating it way after I was full. Worth the wait, just go for a walk and try to walk off the calories your about to consume.Delicious fresh mango, orange and pineapple juice. The fluffiest biscuits in NOLA. Their home fries and nicely seasoned but not overly spicy. The maple sausage patties served are a generous portion and the grits are good southern style. Not clumpy but creamy. I don't eat them but my husband reported.I really like this place a lot - very good breakfasts, nothing terribly extravagant, but damn filling and good.  A pleasant staff, good ambiance.  I would not travel great distances to get here, but it is a good local establishment.I couldn't be more pleased with Surrey's.  Avocado pesto sandwich and tofu scramble were both excellent.  Vegan and vegetarian options are marked on the menu.  Reasonably priced.  Only complaint is they only accept cash.All you really need are the shrimp and grits. Maybe two orders because that ish is so damn good. Get yourself a glass of their fresh pineapple mango orange juice too.
I've attempted to come to Surrey's every time I visit NOLA, and every single time there was a wait of over 1 hour for parties of +4. However, on my 4th attempt, I only waited 5 mins since it was just 2 of us.
BTW, cash only.Love the food! Hate the ambiance! A shame coz i like the food here. Such a turn off when my waiter is wearing his shirt inside out. Makes me question hygiene. I get that this is a cafe but dont need to look like you just rolled out of bed and came to work.I had friends from out of town and we were looking for a late brunch spot. By the time we left the house, it was past 2:30 p.m. We poked our head in at Surrey's at 2:45 and asked if we were too late. We were greeted by friendly servers who assured us that we were not too late. The lady that was rude the past week was nowhere to be seen.
There were four of us and we would have had to wait 15 minutes till the next table becomes open, so we asked if we could put together two tables for two and they allowed us to do this. We sat down and agonized over the menu, because everything sounded great.
K ordered shrimp and grits because she had been wanting to try it ever since I explained to her what it was. L ordered the bananas foster french toast, T the fried chicken with biscuits (special), and I got the Costa Rican breakfast with chorizo.
T and I went on a hunt for bloody marys while our food was being prepared. We came back and soon the deliciousness arrived at our table. Everything was fantastic. L and T loved K's shrimp and grits so much that they wanted it for brunch the next day. Needless to say, K cleaned her bowl. Next, the bananas foster french toast was to die for. L kept saying it was like she was eating cake for breakfast. It was absolutely delightful. The fried chicken and biscuits was awesome, and I really enjoyed my Costa Rican breakfast. The chorizo was very good.
I can't wait to go back. I'll just make sure to go early or really late so I can avoid the line.Bananas foster french toast.  I'm not sure I need to say anything else, but I will! 
Found Surrey's Uptown thanks to Yelp and we weren't disappointed! It's a quaint, little cafe with such fresh and delicious food! Definitely a must for any trip to New Orleans. It was so good that my husband and I went twice in our sorry vacation. Nothing else could compare! 
Bananas foster was definitely the breakfast star, and limeade for the drink.
Note: they are cash onlyWhat a great breakfast find.  Be warned that it's cash only but there is an ATM inside.  Great place to enjoy breakfast and then have a brisk walk down Magazine.
We ate here twice during our stay and enjoyed the Costa Rican Breakfast, Pain Perdue, and sausage.Banana Pecan Pacake definately worth a try! It is very big and is good for 3-4 parties to share. Also the shrimp and grits is very delicious!Figured it was a good sign that I tried at least two times before I finally made it to get a table at this place. The crowds were right. I rarely expect a restaurant that survives in New Orleans to be disappointing, but this place is amazing. I ended up getting a hangover breakfast of an (excellent) bloody mary and their corned beef hash. Cholesterol on a plate but sometimes that's what you need. They finally take credit cards too, which is a welcome change from what I've heard. 
The building is a converted old house with all the architectural charm that entails. The layout is a little weird because of it but it makes for a nice dining environment on the inside with a full bar in what used to be the parlour or living room and the side rooms used for either the kitchen or dining space. The porch seating is a very nice touch, as is the seating set up in what used to bhe the front yard. It makes for good people watching on what is a relatively quiet residential-ish section of magazine street.
The one recommendation I can make is for you to get here "early", before 10:00 on a weekend otherwise the post revelry-crowd will have you standing in line, bloody mary in hand, waiting on a seat. But sometimes that's not a bad thing.Decent breakfast. Banana pancake was HUGE!! I had the Montana plate, and the gravy was delicious. The hash browns have a spicy, crunchy outside. The grits are delicious. I've tried the crab and avocado omelet, but I'm just not a fan of the Brie cheese. Overall, it's good.We went here for Sunday brunch... The food was great, but the service was mediocre at best. The hostess skipped over us on the list, the servers were inattentive, and the food service was extremely slow. Then again, the food was delicious :)This was my first dining experience with Surrey's and it was awesome! The food was cooked to perfection, with dish setups appealing to the eye (and camera of course!) The staff is very friendly and the food was cooked REALLY fast! There was no need to tweak or add anything to my meals; it was THAT PERFECT. I enjoyed every bite and will be returning. I tried the Shrimp and Grits along with the Banana French Toast... Highly recommend!!!I've been to the original Surrey's so when I saw there was one close to the area we were staying at, I had to bring my cousin to my favorite French toast restaurant. I feel like this restaurant is smaller than the original one but maybe it was because they closed off the patio due to the bad rainy weather. Because of the weather, we were able to walk in right away without waiting in line. 
We ordered the shrimp and grits and of course, the banana foster French toast. I never really like grits but hands down, Surrey's has the best shrimp and grits. If you're in the mood for a savorier dish, get this. If you're in the mood for something sweet, get the French toast. You can't go wrong with either dish. Top it off with juice or coffee and your morning will be complete. 
Just come here and check it out yourself. You won't be disappointed.Oh my goodness! This is easily one of my top 5 favorite places to eat in NOLA now. The crabmeat omelette is heavenly. Do yourself a favor and get some fresh juice too. It's BYO, but they are cool with you bringing it in. Highly recommend!!!OK any place that has a celebrity waiting list is alright in my books (I went with Polanski because my wife is Polish and I couldn't think of anything else). The food and coffee were good to better, the service was very good, nice crew, sweet location in a house in a quieter part of Magazine street, really worth the effort to escape some NOLA craziness, if that's appealing - which is it to most, especially those in the French Quarter. We'll go back.Walked a mile to grab breakfast on a Sunday morning around 8. After perusing the menu, I decided on the Montana breakfast. Man, I should've worn sweatpants. Biscuits in a spicy gravy, ham, bacon, sausage, two fried eggs, and some home fries make for a full belly. I waddled around for an hour long walk before taking a nap. 
10/10 would eat there again. Maybe I'll go for the Costa Rica breakfast. Much more healthy option.I'm always so disappointed when I come across a place with crazy good reviews and it just doesn't live up to the hype for me. 
Food: I got the egg plate with home fries and added a side of gravy and cheese to my eggs. The cheese was $1.50 to add and there was hardly any there. The side of grave was $4. FOUR dollars for a side of gravy. The potatoes were decent, but those were roasted seasoned potatoes, not home fries. Not even by a stretch should they be called home fries. My biscuit was thick, but so hard I couldn't cut it with a knife and it bent my fork. That is not an exaggeration. And my can of coke was $2.50. My husband got the shrimp and grits. This is a dish that everyone raves about and he said it was delicious. Maybe they only put real effort into their specialties, I dunno. But his was awesome and my was lacking in every way. 
Price: I feel like this place is somewhat overpriced, but mostly for the a la carte items. My meal was $6 and change for 2 eggs, home fries, and a biscuit. Pretty decent price. But then add $1.50 for cheese (again, not a bad price but there was hardly any), $4 for gravy (seriously?? 2, maybe even 3 but even that's pushing it. But four dollars? Nah, not worth it, it's not even that good), and $2.50 for a can coke (cmon), my meal was about $15. Not horribly overpriced, but the food quality just wasn't there. His meal was like $12, which I feel was fair. 
Atmosphere: Good atmosphere overall. Plenty of seating, open and airy with outside seating available. 
Service: When we walked up, a guy pointed out two tables to us and told us to take our pick. So, not the wait we were anticipating (yay). Then we sat for almost ten minutes waiting for our drink orders to be taken. Then after about ten more minutes, someone else took our food order. She checked on us regularly after that and was quick with the check. So kinda slow at first but then it was solidly average.
At one point a fight broke out between kitchen workers that caused the restaurant to come to a standstill. Come on guys, you're adults. Leave that shit out of your workplace. Seriously. 
Overall, I'd come back and try it again. But I'd stick with more specialty-type items and stay away from any additions. Not crazy impressed, but it wasn't bad enough to keep from giving it another go.My friend and I stopped by Surrey's on our way out of New Orleans, we were so happy we found this place as we didn't necessarily enjoy our stay in the city but Surrey's made it better. I got the scrambled eggs with salmon, but I decided to get them poached, delicious! My friend ordered the Cuban sandwich but they were out of the pork so she proceeded to get the stuffed crab eggs (I forgot the name) regardless, we loved the food, the feel, the area, the cute little restaurant! My one complaint, our server did not ask us if we would like anything else she just sat down our check as it appears she was busy, but other than that, everyone we encountered was very nice. If I'm ever back in New Orleans I will stop by and eat here! Thank you Surrey's for providing an enjoyable meal with an enjoyable atmosphereReally really yummy breakfast. Biscuits and gravy were bomb and we could not stop eating the monstrous banana pancakes. All thumbs up. Service was very friendly as well. Note that it's cash only but they have an ATM on the premises.most excellent as always.  I love this new location.  I like the fact you can sit outside, you can even sit on the porch with your dog, a very well behaved dog indeed.  
the trees, the coffee, and yummy soup today, the chili bean and turkey... and also the wonderful spicy butternut squash.   loved my grilled spinach and foccacia sandwich.  impressive.
I will be back, again and again, because I love this new location.  A bit far for me? but worth the opportunity to sit outside.Great eats! The shrimp and grits was outstanding and coffee is a lifesaver! Be sure to enjoy the conversation with locals.Food was good but my party of 3 waited a long time before getting a seat while parties of 2 that came longgg after us were let in first us over and over. I assumed that meant we would get a decent place to sit when we were finally let in but we were seated in the walkway by the bar seating and my friend kept getting bumped as servers passed.Has a solid menu and generally attentive wait staff in a cool, funky atmosphere. Sitting outside is lovely when the weather is right. Can get champagne next door at the bar and make mimosas with their fresh squeezed OJ. The burrito is the bomb and the crab meat omelette is so good it's sinful. Not especially health but is delicious and worth the wait.Banana pancake + peanut butter!! :)  It is huge and delicious!  Juice is yummy too.Great little breakfast spot, just make sure to come early! This place is a favorite amongst the locals and almost always has a line. They're unique in that they have a little something for everyone, no matter what you're craving! I came with a group and we got everything from omelettes, to burritos, French toast and sandwiches! They have an awesome variety, but my favorite was the banana pancake which was probably twice the size of my head! 
Overall, I wasn't absolutely amazed by the food, but it was good, and I would gladly return!This place is amazing! 
Fast friendly service! 
Outside seating! 
Awesome food and hands down the best shrimp & grits in New Orleans!!Tried surrey's for lunch on feb 24. 45 min wait for 2 people to get a table. After ordering,  waitress returned 20 min later saying one item was finished, so had to order something else. 30 min more, still no food,  asked a server how long was our  additional wait. She replied that this was not her table but would check,  proceeded to walk away and not return.  Found our server near the kitchen and asked how long was our wait, she replied that our orders were to be prepared "next."  Finally decided to leave and cancel our order. Not sure what the problems were: short staff in  the kitchen, not enough waitresses, however it seems as if this restaurant prides itself in making customers wait.Dank: Also an expression frequently used by stoners and hippies for something of high quality.
Example: That borritos was dank, man. 
or... That borritos was the dankness
Surrey's Uptown was DANK.  We came here for Brunch on a Sunday...Ohhh ho hoo buddy. Apparently you have to get there early so you dodge the Sunday Brunch rush, we got there at about 9 (WHY am I telling you my secrets?!) The outside front seating was fun, it was our last day in NoLa, and our friends who live here swore this was one of the best breakfast spots in the city, and man, they were SPOT ON.
First of all, you can substitute chicken eggs for DUCK EGGS.  -pause-  DUCK EGGS, DO YOU HEAR ME?!! Ugh!!! Secondly, my boyfriend and I both simultaneously ordered the corned beef hash (it was one of those "JINX!"  moments..it was totally cool you should have been there) and OH MY GOSH, that was quite literally the most ridiculous corned beef hashes I've had in my life! I always am hesitant to order corned beef hash because some places go overboard with the hash and not enough corned beef, or the corned beef is some sort of a mess of an excuse for corned beef hash, but let me tell you-- The corned beef was fork tender and in beautiful medium rare chunks, and the way the sausage gravy drizzled all sexy-like and perfectly peppery all over those homemade biscuits, I definitely got turned on.
Best meal we had in New Orleans, hands down. So get over there and get you some Corned Beef Hash with Duck Eggs-- Surrey's Uptown is DANK!Delicious food and great service! Would 100% recommend. Lots of locals here, but even if you aren't one they welcome you in!I went here once while hanging out in New Orleans for the weekend and I remember thinking that it was quite possibly the best breakfast I have experienced in my life. The wait was a little long but FYI there is a little bar next door that makes quite the delicious bloody mary that you can sip on while you wait. I think I had something like biscuits, egg, bacon and avocado and it was heavenly :)Best crab melt and shrimp and grits ! Fresh grapefruit juice is a must have ! Wild mushroom soup was delicious too.One of the best places to get breakfast in Uptown. Come early because there is always a line.I went to eat at Surreys uptown today and over all a decent experience. It was a small but cozy little spot with good food. I had the bananas foster French toast and it was really good! I loved the banana cream cheese filling in the middle which really brought out the banana and made it the star of the dish. I wish you can really taste more of a rum sauce because it tasted more like caramel than anything else, but it was still delicious. I had a side of grits and I loved them but couldn't figure out if they used garlic in them bc that was the only thing I wasn't too big of a fan of. The service was ok, they were friendly but it took a little bit to be greeted by our server once we sat and then we had to ask for our drink order. Other than that it was an overall decent experience for our table!There's no way to describe our experience here without sounding snarky and negative, and I'm not a snarky and negative person. I'm sure the food is delicious. :( 
We were skipped in line by two parties as we stood at the "wait here to be seated" sign to put our names down. I'd never seen that happen before. The hostess did not seem to have things under control and we were quoted a 45 minute wait for two people while there were empty tables in different area of the restaurant available, and after one party that skipped us was an 11 person party and quoted the same amount of time.Shrimp and Grits the BEST! Recommend you coming here when in New Orleans!  Worth the wait!The crab melt and potato salad are phenomenal!! I've been meaning to come check them out for a long time, but did today with my out of town guests. They loved their choices also and the service was wonderful. Can't wait to visit again!My friends and I visited New Orleans for the weekend from Austin and were sent to Surrey's by a friend who highly recommended it - and I'm so happy we listened! Best breakfast/brunch/lunch spot we dined at over the weekend for sure, and I would go back in a heartbeat the next time I'm in NOLA. Our group of 5 arrived about 25 minutes before they were supposed to close but they were happy to seat and serve us still. Our waiter, Craig, was super helpful and nice throughout our dining experience. He insisted I get the Shrimp & Grits breakfast since I had never tried it before and it was one of the best meals of my life. Their fresh juice was incredible as well and went perfectly with our champagne for our DIY mimosas (they're BYOB).I haven't been here in over a year, and I remember it being much better. I was seated quickly and my coffee and water arrived in a minute or two. 10 minutes later I flagged down a waitress to ask for a menu. 5 minutes later I was able to order. I chose the breakfast sandwich on a bagel with scrambled eggs and bacon. The food arrived quickly and was thoroughly underwhelming. My bagel was barely toasted and the eggs were over cooked while the bacon was undercooked. I then had to get up and enter the restaurant, I was sitting outside, and track down silverware and napkins. Probably will not be back. Prices are too high for lackluster service and improperly cooked food.AMAZING!!!!  The bananas foster French toast is the best.  I suggest ordering it as an appetizer to share so that you can get some of the other awesome meals. It will fill you up if you order it and inhale it alone and you will want to inhale it.Honestly, I wanted to love this place.  I meant to hit either of the locales last time but missed.  Came on Saturday at noon, and received a quick seat at the bar.  That was the highlight of the meal.  
They had limeade and it was good.  I don't know when it was made because all the juices came out of sticker-marked containers in the fridge.  I trust that fresh-squeezed has a bit of a shelf life.  Whatever.
The menu mentions food is made fresh and takes awhile but my order was "lost" and my buddies sandwich sat orphaned on the prep stand for ten minutes as they scrambled to make my corn beef hash in a rush.  Perhaps that is why the corned beef tasted chalky, dry, and inedible...and I eat a lot of less-than-average food when it's taken the trouble to grow, moo, die, get processed, and arrive on my plate. 
However, I left nearly all the corned beef and will never return.  :(I had the BBQ Shrimp & Grits and it was vey tasty. I do wish the portion was a bit larger but that's just the fat kid in me speaking. Had a long wait before we were sat down but I was pleased with the food and service so I'd definitely come back again for brunch. 
Oh and here's a tip: bring cash with you if you want to dine here. They don't accept credit cards.Breakfast on the porch during labor day weekend! Nothing better! I had the croque madam and it was AMAZING! My husband had the scrimp and grits and its been more than a year since our visit and still talks about that being the best breakfast he's ever had. I think that says it all.Me and some friends visited New Orleans last May for the Jazz Fest and Surrey's was suggested by a friend. FANTASTICAL!!! The people working there had their own unique look and sense of style.Our waitress was a prett(no homo), fresh faced, young woman named Amy and she had the most coolest, laid back, personality and I was glad she waited on us.Her arm tattoo was pretty cool too! The food was beyond awesome, fresh, very eye appealing. I plan to visit next Wednesday and I'm super excited!!!I decided to take my friends here during their visit this past weekend, and I sincerely regret it. After waiting an extended amount of time to be seated -we watched other parties be seated before us, after being told that we were next in line - we were met with terrible service. Several minutes after our orders were taken, our waitress LEFT - without a warning, and without having someone else assigned to our table. Then, we watched as others, who were seated after us, received their food. It was only after I complained that someone FINALLY brought us our food, which had been sitting for quite some time. And one of my friends had hair in her food! This was the worst dining experience that I've ever had, and I definitely won't be returning.Surrey's in my most favorite breakfast spot in all of New Orleans. I even went here the morning after my wedding with my family - it's that good. My husband rarely strays from the Migas (amazing). I like to mix it up but some favorites are the Costa Rican with black beans and the banana pancake. Their grits are amazing in a way that you dont want to see the way they made them (cream and butter I'm sure). The specials are also usually great - some greatest hits were the breakfast nachos (yes!) and the fried chicken and waffles.
The line is always long, but its worth the wait I promise. Its cash only, so bring cash or be prepared to use their ATM.This is my first time at Surreys. I must say this is the best brunch place I have ever been to @NOLA. Everything tastes great. I would definitely recommend Fresh fruit juice blend, Potato Salad and Miga.Everything about our breakfast was amazing! 
We started out with juice. I ordered orange, carrot, and ginger. My husband ordered the watermelon limeade. Tasty and refreshing! Cheaper than whole foods too! 
For breakfast I ordered scrambled duck eggs with rye toast and a cup of fruit. Amazing! I've never had the option of substituting my eggs for duck eggs before. The eggs were rich and have more flavor than chicken eggs. I also think they slightly poach them before scrambling them because the texture of the white part of the eggs where almost as if they were boiled. They were incredible! 
My husband ordered the crab omelette and that was also amazing. Everything was cooked perfectly and it was smothered in the perfect ratio of a delicious crab gravy. I never would have thought to put Brie in an omelette. I wish more restaurants offered it. 
Our meals were perfect. The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 is because it took over a half an hour to get our orders. It was certainly worth the waitOMG.  My favorite of my favorites, the shrimp & grits at Surrey's is truly amazing.   I waited more than 30 minutes (every time I went)  just to get seated and it is worth the wait.  Although, I have one thing that I hate about this restaurant.  They close at 3.  They close too early.  I also want it for dinner, not just for brunch.  That's it.  Everything else, I love it.After finding that one of the top rated brunch place downtown had a long wait we ventured out to this hidden gem of a brunch and juice spot. Only a few minute wait for our part of 3. It was delicious! Plenty of vegetarian and vegan option, including our favorite a "Costa Rican breakfast" eggs scrambled over brown rice, black beans, pico fresh avocado and plantain chips. Banana pancake makes a great addition and dessert to a great fresh ingredient meal! We are definetly coming back!Umm...I'm not sure what other reviewers are used to but this place was not good.  First time in NO and this was our first stop. We got in early and wanted breakfast,  so i go to Yelp to find a place with great reviews and discovered Surrey's.  I was expecting something great and got something on the downside of mediocre. 
1. The place is filthy and in bad repair.  I'll admit I'm a bit of a snob about such things but wanting a restaurant to be clean is not too much to ask for. However we stayed because I know that a hole in the wall can be great food despite the appearance and the Yelp reviews convinced me that I needed to experience this restaurant. 
2. The food was nothing great. The bacon was thick cut and fresh but a little over cooked and hard. Scrambled eggs were good but they were just eggs.  The biscuit was the biggest disappointment.  I LOVE biscuits.  This biscuit was big and crusty,  which are good characteristics for a biscuit,  but it was dense and not flakey. Like a biscuit that's made without butter or shortening.  I know some people make them that way, but people in the South should know better. 
3. The servers were very attentive and quick to offer their service but didn't seem to know anything they always had to go check when I asked a question.  For example I ordered the crispy potatoes (those were very good- no complaints about them) the potatoes were herbed and i couldn't remember the description from the menu so i asked the server,  "is this Rosemary? " he didn't know.  He asked 2-3 other server and they didn't know so never mind. 
4. It was pricey for something so mediocre.  The $6 oj. Now I will say the oj was good and fresh squeezed. It is a juice bar after all. It was fresh and room temperature.  They could have filtered it over a few ice cubes first or put it in a chilled glass.
Overall I would not recommend this place nor would I ever return. I'd be better off going to IHOP or Dennysthe best bacon and eggs in NOLA.  3 doors down from my house and im in heaven.
great staff, prices and food.
corned beef hash is no good. other than that awesome.
cash only.Surrey's was a disappointment. My fiancé and I waited 20 mins for a table. Then sat for another 15 mins before they came to get drink order. Ordered Mango Orange drink, then waitress came back to say they were out. Was told they were out of bacon. Which limited the menu options. So my fiancé ordered Salmon Deluxe Huevos Rancheros, then waitress came back to say they were out of Salmon. The waitress understood our frustration and offered to cancel our order. Truly, it was a huge disappointment especially since we decided to go there for the first time than one of our favorites restaurants. That being sad it was then to late to go to brunch. No manager can over to apologize or offer anything for the inconvenience.Love this place early in the morning. Everytime I go I get the Montana plate and I never can finish it all. It's awesome, and that's an understatement. Food is good and the service is too. No complaints from me!!This is my favorite place to have brunch when in New Orleans. The restaurant is not big but you feel at home when you eat there. The whole team is very caring and the food is latin and Cajun inspired. You will be able to satisfy your savory or salty tastes.
Be ready to wait a little bit to have a table on the weekends because of its popularity among the people living in New Orleans.This past week i was meeting up with a friend who was in town and used to live just off Magazine Street.  She recommended we meet up at Surrey's for breakfast and that she used to go there almost every morning.  I can now see why.  This place is delicious and there's two of them!   And yes, I will admit to going to the wrong location the first time around (they start off by asking if you in you're in the right place lol).  I ordered the crab meat omelette which is stuffed with avocado and Brie cheese, topped with a creamy lump crab sauce and served with toast or a biscuit.  Needless to say it is quite decadent and from now on I'll be slightly disappointed anytime I eat an omelette without Brie in it.  The juice is freshly squeezed and delicious as well, although $5 is a bit pricy for a glass of OJ, don't you think?  The service was great as well, although they were a bit excessive with the coffee refresher offers, but hey, it's better than the alternative.  Great breakfast spot, pure and simple.Amazing food, funky vibe, all around great joint. Never had a bad meal here. Love their boudin patties, and the bananas foster French toast is not to be missed. Their corned beef hash cures hangovers, or you can get a bloody from Les Bon Temps next door to keep the buzz going. 
Cash only, ATM on site.
This is my favorite brunch spot in the city - it's well worth the wait.I dined at the Surrey's down the street before this location, and I must say that I much prefer this location.  The environment here isn't so stuffy as the other, and the food is just as good.  The service much like the other location, a bit slow but friendly.  This uptown location also is closer to my school, so there's a good chance you'll find me here more often.  But yes, the food is the exact same as its other location.
For a review of the food, click here:
http://www.yelp.com/biz/surreys-caf%C3%A9-and-juice-bar-new-orleans-2#hrid:5JeDBOqwxXmdNWcmqCr8QwThis place has the nicest waiters and the cutest building. It's located on magazine st, so parking isn't always the best, but when is parking in the city ever good? Anyways, the service was so QUICK! We only waited a second and the food was out and ready to be consumed! They don't serve alcohol, but it is BYOB! That works for me! My friends and I got the blended juice, and it was room temperature. :/ also, the French toast is good, and light. I do prefer a heavier French toast, but hey, it was still yummy! The prices are reasonable. So basically, come through!My 1st time and it was okay. Not the best. Banana pancakes yuck! A little pricey if you ask me. Small establishment. It is a more community type of breakfast place. Not a place where I would wake up and say I want.I wish I could give this 3.5 stars, honestly. It was  very tasty, I just think I'd want to try another breakfast/brunch place next time.  There was a long wait (it is extremely small), and one of the people in my party was served completely raw chicken.  This is not a huge problem, because they obviously corrected it as quickly as they could, and I understand things happen, but I was surprised to not see that item comped or some kind of monetary gesture made. The food though, was definitely good - you wont be disappointed by it!Quaint little breakfast place. They don't serve alcohol here so if you're looking for a Bloody Mary to accompany your breakfast, go next door. Surrey allows you to bring in your drinks since they know you're in NOLA to get cray. My friends and I had a great experience here. They're famous for their shrimp and grits ($13.25) so I HIGHLY recommend you get that although it is a bit expensive for such a small portion of food. We also had the Boudin Breakfast Biscuit ($8.75)  meal which is sausages broken from it's skin and formed into patties which sounds odd but it was pretty darn good.  They also had amazing coffee too which I was super surprised about and the waiter gave us a to go cup for it when we were done with our meal. Great service so I will definitely come back again when we visit.Soo tasty!!! I had the biscuits and sausage gray ( my usually because I don't eat eggs) it was the best I've ever had!! Service was great and the prices are too. 
Only down side is that they don't sell liquor. But you can bring your own...Solid shrimp and grits. If you are looking for good shrimp and grits in Nola, you will find them here. Lots of cayenne and rosemary, and I couldn't tell where the sauce ended and the grits began. This place also had lots of shrimp! I always feel like I end up with four big shrimps whenever I order shrimp and grits, and while these were smaller, i'd happily take smaller shrimp if it meant I could have more. I can't definitively say that this place has the best shrimp and grits in Nola, but I'd say this place gives many of the others a run for their money! 
Also, cute ambiance, friendly service, blah blah blah, but that's not why you're here, is it?I've read lots of great things about Surrey's, so was excited to have a meeting at the Uptown location today. It's a really cute space, with interesting art that appears to be for sale, and the staff was friendly. However, I guess I'm not really good at the whole super healthy juices thing, because I wasn't sure what to order, and my grapefruit-pineapple juice didn't change my life (as I was apparently expecting Surrey's juice to do). It wasn't bad, but maybe I'm just not sophisticated enough to appreciate fresh juice. Who knows. 
They're cash only, which is always inconvenient. But at least they have an ATM inside. That costs $2.75 to use, of course. I guess that's standard, but, again, not ideal. 
My spinach cheese melt sandwich with tofu was a little soggy, so next time I think I'll order something else. Several things on the menu looked good, and I'm sure I'll end up here again in the future. Hopefully future Jess will remember that adding tofu to a sandwich is not a good call, even if it is healthy and crap. 
Arguably the best thing about Surrey's is the fact that they cater to vegan/vegetarian types, which is nice, particularly in a city like New Orleans. We don't seem to have caught on to the whole vegetarianism thing yet. Not sure why... It's not like we don't have a solid contingent of herbivores in this city. There's an entire veg* fest, even! And it's been going on for three years. This is not a new thing, people. So, thank you Surrey's for being ahead of the game. Even if that's not particularly hard to do with veggie food in NOLA.Great for brunch. The banana pancake was HUGE but very delicious. Plus fresh squeezed satsuma juice was unreal! I enjoyed this tucked away little spot on Magazine St. BTW  it is BYOB, no worries just bring your bottle and they will provide you with an ice bucket to keep it chill.Yum! Just delicious! We went for my moms birthday. Best shrimp & grits, great stuffed French toast & fresh juice!Love this place. All the breakfast items are so tasty! Costa Rican, homemade granola, biscuits, fresh juice.... Everything!Surrey's was absolutely wonderful. Our meals were both great and prepared to perfection. The wait staff was not only friendly and courteous but they were helpful in providing us with directions to places that we wanted to find in New Orleans. I would wholeheartedly recommend this place.I've been to the other magazine location and was hoping to get in at a decent time but the wait was over 45 minutes so we settled for the newest location on magazine. It was my mom's first New Orleans breakfast so I wanted good quality food with a lil cajun flavor. Now I've worked in the business for years and I understand that new restaurants struggle at the beginning so I didn't set the bar too high...
We get there and the wait is 40 minutes! Not to worry, we got a drink next door (I recommend their bloody marys)... by the time we got back our table was ready... a much shorter wait than we thought. 
The inside is well lit, quaint, and not over the top.
We ordered the shrimp n grits, banana and peanut butter pancakes (with real maple syrup), golden beet and chevre spinach salad, blue crab gazpacho, costa rican breakfast, huevos rancheros, and some egg scramble. Then, if that wasn't enough, the kitchen gave us an extra stuffed french toast which was such a treat! The meal was one of the best I've had in a long time... and it was my mother's favorite meal in nola!  I will defiantly go back by the end of the month.I have to review Surrey's based off of the experience/customer service and not the food unfortunately The poor service is what made this visit less than expected. 
There were only 2 of us and our waitress was not prompt in taking our order. We sat for 15 minutes and flagged down someone who appeared to work there. She spoke to us as if we were bothering her. She was quick to inform us that she was "not a server." While she was able to fill our water glasses, she was not able to let our server know we were being neglected on the side patio. 
We were finally able to place an order and the food arrived fast and was good!.
Then it came time for the check, We place 2 credit cards on the table to split the bill. Instead of informing us that no credit cards are accepted, our server just kept passing by our table and would not pick up our bill. We agian, finally flagged down somoene else stating that we would like to pay. She informed us that they dont take credit cards, so we gave her cash and asked for change to be returned in $5's and $1s in order to leave a tip. This woman said "well Im not your server". 
So twice now, in an hour we have been told that these people are not our servers.  I am aware of who my server is!!! But, she hasent been back to my table and we wanted to get on with our day. 
All we wanted was for someone to take our order and take our money. Pretty simple if you ask me. Instead, we got 2 snarky women let it be fully known that they were not our server.There are many delicious brunch places in New Orleans, but Surrey's just is the best. Friendly staff, endless coffee, delicious food, affordable prices. Today I got the Migas with chorizo while my boyfriend got the breakfast sandwich. Big portions and I cannot stress how delicious and warm our food was. We loved it so much that we had to get the bacon bread pudding, which was a special but seriously needs to be a fixed menu item. It was the best thing I've ever put in my mouth. Ever. My boyfriend is now in love with this place and I'm sure we'll be coming back frequently. 
But seriously get the bacon bread pudding, you will die of happiness.Great Breakfast. Every time I drive day this restaurant there is a line out the door, no matter what time of day or what day of the week it is. I went with my wife and we had excellent service and food. We will be back again.Amazing food. Big portions, inexpensive. Cute, charming place in a sweet area. Loved it!I'm way overdue on this compliment but - those chicken and waffles were PERFECTION though! Bring 'em back.
The cook was amazingly friendly. She came out and talked with my pal and I. Real New Orleans.
All these comments below - y'all are showin your ass.
You had to wait 110 minutes babychild because it's a damn good place to eat and it gets busy. AND it was so good you waited almost two hours. If you got real problems with the spot then stay home and eat ya cereal.The hubcap sized banana pancake with pecans was too good to explain. The French Toast looked amazing and my whole party was VERY happy with our meal. And large portions for very reasonable prices.
It was crowded, and small so at peak times expect to wait. But it is worth it.The Migas w/ chorizo, breakfast potatoes, and homemade buttermilk biscuit were fantastic.  The Balsamic roasted veggie omelet left a little to be desired, would be better w/ some cheese.  Boudin patties are right on.  Great outdoor breakfast!  Oh, yeah it's cash only but they have an ATM.Shrimp and grits and Banana Foster French toast w/fresh fresh squeezed orange, pear and ginger juice. Can't go wrong, enjoy!Great place. Food was delicious. Wait staff was great. Ben did a great job. Love that they have vegetarian and vegan options. And two people can eat really well for about $20. Will definitely come back.3.5!
What a yummy brunch spot! I'm always a little wary of places that are cash only...but at least they have an ATM in their restaurant...that charges a $3 or so fee. 
Aside from that (and not serving alcohol...which blows my mind, especially in New Orleans), the rest of the experience (especially the food) was incredible! And they let me substitute one of my side items since I don't do carbs. I love it when places will accommodate your diet. 
I had the salmon and cream cheese omelette (I added avocado too) with a side of bacon...phenomenal! Seriously delicious and I'm salivating just thinking about it...
I would totally give them 5 stars if they took credit cards and served alcohol. Those are just two too important things in my book for a brunch place.Breakfast at Surrey's was fantastic!  We were staying nearby and walked past the restaurant and were so glad we stopped in.  Surrey's is now included on our "when you go to NoLA you must eat at ..." list.  All 4 of us in our group agreed that the shrimp and grits was the best we have ever had.  The Costa Rican breakfast of brown rice, beans, eggs, avocado, and many more ingredients was great.  We got there very close to their opening time and it filled up quickly.  The wait staff was friendly and very helpful.  The hardest part about going to a meal at Surrey's is choosing one item since everything looks amazing!   Now if only Surrey's would open a location in Boston!  
We strongly suggest you add Surrey's to your list of New Orleans restaurants.GLOOOOOORIOUSSSSS!!  Only thing not awesome about this place is the wait.  But it's worth every nano-second.  The pain perdue is perfect.  The fresh squeezed juice (I get apple ginger) will make you feel like you just shaved off 10 years from the inside out.  I had the chicken biscuit with gravy...ohmigahd so good.  Service is always on point, and it's clean, filling, and utterly delicious.Been here about 4 times...
I love the Shrimp & Grits..It's literally bowl licking goodness.  Their fresh juices are delicious, very refreshing and healthy.  My husband got the crabmeat melt sandwich which was also out of this world amazing. 
Will definitely be back here numerous times.Took my mother here for Mother's Day present. I was greeted my the friendly host Reyan. Later Kia came to the table and greeted us with a huge smile and big Good Morning, and helped us picked out our drinks. I went with the Carrot and Apple and my Mom just decided on the Lemonade with the shot of Strawberry. Both was very refreshing. I ordered the Crawfish Omelet and my Mom had the Shrimp and Grits. The Crawfish Omelet was too die for. I believe the Shrimp and Grits was good because my Mom didn't let me sample any and when she took her last bite she nodded her head in agreement. And before the check came asked me when we are coming back. Our experience was wonderful. Only down side was Kia was not our server. Phoenix ended up being our server. And she was great, PLEASE don't get me wrong, but Kia's smile was just that spectacular, I needed to see it more then twice.
Definitely coming back. Maybe won't bring my Mom again until she learns how to share her food. 
Might try to invite Kia to join me if only I knew her off days. She looks like she know how to share her food. ;-)This was my last meal during my trip to NOLA, and it was somewhat disappointing! I got the crabmeat omelette, which was labeled in the menu as a local favorite, but it came out lukewarm. The omelette was stuffed with brie and avocado, but the brie was sadly barely warmed up since the rest of the omelette wasn't hot. My friend got the shrimp and grits, and this was the more delicious meal. The shrimp were perfectly seasoned and the grits were perfectly cooked, but the small slices of bacon that came with it were extremely fatty so be careful!Best vegan breakfast platter ever! The flavors of the sautéed veggies are unbelievable. I would eat here everyday if I lived in the area. My daughter brought me here to share a banana pancake, her favorite. Totally agree! This is a place worth waiting to get into.This has been my favorite breakfast spot for years but I needed to say that the owners should be  ashamed of themselves for staying open with a broken AC this summer. I was fine because I could eat and leave but when your whole staff is sweating and very clearly miserable you should consider people before profit and take care of the problem at hand. You should be ashamed and I hope your staff walks out on you on a Sunday morning.Waited an hour for a table on a Sunday morning which set my expectations very high.
Had the banana pancake with cream cheese and it was burnt and not much cream cheese. Sausage was under cooked. Coffee and OJ real good as well as the service.
That gave them 2 stars.
Would I wait an hour again. NOT...When I pulled up here, words cannot describe the painful hangover I was experiencing. All I wanted was tacos. Any kind of tacos that could soothe my soul and that were meat free as it was inconveniently, a Friday during lent. Thankfully, I didn't have to look any further than the specials board for eggs with mint, sautéed veggies, and cotija cheese served with corn tortillas and black beans. Then to my surprise, I was asked if I wanted brown or white rice! Why thank you, ma'am, I will take the healthier whole grain option. The unfortunate part of the whole thing was I had no Bloody Mary by my side because Surrey's doesn't serve booze and Le Bon Temp next door didn't open until 11am. Thankfully again, I was able to devour my delicious breakfast and head next door for that Bloody Mary, the final part of the hangover healing journey. 
In short, hungover or not, hit up Surrey's for some healthy, yet delicious breakfast options...but don't forget your booze!Alright, if you're looking for some awesome French Toast breakfast/brunch, let me break down what's gonna happen. You're going to go here and get seated in a nice cozy little restaurant set slightly back from the street with plenty of outdoor seating if you'd like.
You're gonna order the Bananas Foster French Toast (see picture below for deets). When you take your first bite....WHOOSH! It will feel like your taste buds are having a party in your mouth! You'll desperately try to eat it slow, savor every bit of it and try not to shove it in your face as fast as possible, because of its sweet banana-y goodness. Unless you hate bananas, in which case, that's your problem and what's wrong with you anyway? That being said, this was hands down, the BEST French Toast I have ever had.
I haven't had anything else on the menu I so I can't give it max stars, and the only knock against the place is that they don't do refills for drinks... which is small potatoes, but... really? How much does refilling my coffee cost you?
I would still recommend stopping by here, even if it's just for the French Toast!I have a new favorite and it's this place. I had the boudin and biscuit breakfast...SO GOOD! It's hard to find a place that sells decent tasting boudin without all the overpowering SPICYNESS that I detest. I like to taste the different seasoning in my food, not numb my tastebuds with overdoses of cayenne or jalapenos or whatever.  These boudin patties were delicious! It was served with homemade biscuits and some of the best grits I've had. Creamy, buttery tasty happiness!!  My friend's banana pancake was a bit of a disappointment though, I have to say. It had a sour back bite that was kind of disconcerting--she couldn't finish it.  She said it usually didn't taste like that. But I'm planning on ordering next time I go, just to give it a chance.  The coffee was really good too!This is a cool looking neighborhood joint for breakfast.  It was pretty packed when I came here, but found a spot at the bar.
Note they only take cash.
I had the Boudin Breakfast Biscuit -Sauteed boudin patties with two eggs served ona biscuit with hash browns or grits.  This was ok, I don't think I'm a boudin patty person, so I thought it was an average breakfast, but other people's food looked really good.
I also ordered the banana pancake, which is huge, and I thought had a great banana flavor to it as well.Favorite brunch byob spot. We brought champagne and enjoy the incredible shrimp and grits and another time the hash, the French toast is also incredible.I came here this past Tuesday for brunch. I ordered the Bananas Foster French toast- and it was to die for. I love sweet breakfast's and I wasn't disappointed. I got a side of chorizo to balance out the intense sweetness, which was also great. The service was excellent and atmosphere was laid back. Can't complain!Adorable restaurant in an old house.  Service was awesome....very friendly staff from the moment we walked in.  The good was just OK.  Breakfast sandwich was good but the biscuits were very dense and dry.  We left satisfied but not raving about the food.  An average experience, overall.One of Uptown's best restaurants. Small party (2-4 people) friendly and the food is ALWAYS amazing! Just a heads up- they don't do separate checks but it's affordable and worth the pain to find parking.Hands down...the best brunch spot in the uptown area!!! I have been here many times and it never disappoints! The shrimp and grits and the banana fosters french toast are AMAZING!!! My absolute favorites here!! Also, try their fresh squeezed juices as well. I had the apple juice and it tasted like I bit into a super juicy apple!! Super refreshing!Dear Surrey's:
I frequently stay at my parents apartment a block away and come join you for breakfast the following morning. You are doing ALMOST everything right but there are a handful of small changes you could make that would make you a solid 5 out of 5 stars. 
#1 Change your potatoes. They are too greasy, too crunchy and look almost deep fried. Lightly sautéed potatoes in olive oil with Rosemary and seasoning would be much better. 
#2 Tell your employees to stop slamming dishes. It's like nails on a chalkboard; very unpleasant to the ears. I know everyone is working hard but being a little more cautious with handling dishes isn't going to kill anyone. 
#3 Buy some Cholula for your tables. It's one of the best hot sauces on the planet. If you don't want to spend the $5 per table, at least have one on hand for requests. 
#4 The bar is awful. The countertop is not sticking out far enough for people to "tuck" their legs underneath. It's extremely uncomfortable, you have to sit sideways to get close enough to the counter to eat. 
#5 Be more courteous with the air conditioning. It's only April and in sweating trying to eat. If there's no AC in the summertime I won't be back. I'm not going to pay to eat miserably. 
Like I said, these are changes that would make this place, which is already awesome, nothing less than amazing. Just being real.I wish I had better things to say. The grill cheese was hard as a rock. I had to send it back and I never doooo that. . The fresh squeeze juice was awesome sauce. Meer's breakfast sandwich, bacon, egg on croissant was okay. Nothing spectacular. It's so tough in  New Orleans because there is such great places to eat. Our waitress Da'shaun was perfect. She was polite and friendly. I wish my meal was better. Grill cheese should be goouy and soft. Mines was hard and cheese was hardening. The restaurant took t off the bill but the manager never came over to show she care of my disliking of the food. I wanted the card melt (signature meal) but it was out. They were also out of ginger. My fresh squeeze juice was refreshing. It's a very fresh restaurant. Although i didn't like it I still think you should try it.Modest breakfast/brunch menu.  Had the banana pan cakes and the shrimp and grits.  Food was above average, service was lovely.For coffee in the morning they have a large that is barely the size of a medium at most places but twice the price.  No Internet either!!!  Don't waste your time here.
I hate this location.  The woman behind the counter is awkward and annoying.  I got extremely runny eggs with something they tried to pass as boudin.  I hate the environment most of all.Once again, Brett kills it with the reviews. The French toast here is to die for. Also, the food came out at lightening fast speed- which was a plus because we were super hungry and eager to walk around the garden district. The walls are full of eclectic art you can purchase! My Bf got a breakfast sandwhich on a croissant and it was delicious and MASSIVE. Very price friendly, fast service with great food!We were seated right away. The person that seated us took our drink order. I ordered orange juice. It tasted fresh. I really liked our drink order being taken right away. 
The waitress was friendly and helpful. I had the Costa Rican Breakfast. It's two eggs anyway you want them, avocado, pico de gallo, cheese over brown or white rice. I added black beans and boudin. My eggs were poached. You can order this dish with chorizo or regular sausage if you want. It was amazing! The boudin was so tasty. I had two round patties. It was a nice sized portion for breakfast. Very filling! 
I will be back.Are you a hipster?  Do you have brunch needs?  Apparently, this is your place.
After failing to find a very specific pastry at La Boulangerie, my husband and I pulled out the Yelp app to find other options for breakfast and decided on Surrey's.
As we walked over, we could tell we were getting close because there were multiple groups of hipsters waiting to get in. Cue thought bubble: "This place must be amazing!" 
Let me start with the good.
1. The portions are reasonably-sized for a normal person (read: not excessive). This is a definite plus.
2. They don't mind if you bring in a bloody Mary from the neighboring bar--although I find it ironic so many people were bringing canned/processed tomato juice into a fresh juice bar, but whatevs. If you want your vodka, you want your vodka.
3. They have great vegetarian options.
4. The juice is really good.  I had an apple/pear/ginger concoction that was really tasty.  
5. All the ingredients are high quality and fresh.
Now for the not so good:
(I must admit, I did not do my Yelpy obligation of reading the reviews before eating here...if I had, I would have been warned about some of my issues with this place.)
1. Here is my major gripe:  Surrey's needs to accurately describe things on the menu.  Specifically, Surrey's needs to educate themselves on potato terminology.  (Did this Idaho-born girl really just say that? Yes she did.)
What they serve are home fries, not hash browns. This fact should be mentioned at least description-wise somewhere in the eight times the "hash browns" are listed on the menu.  My husband ordered the special which included what was described on the menu as a potato pancake.  What he received was potato/sausage hash.
My issue isn't, in fact, with the preparation of the potatoes, it is with the misrepresentation on the menu.  I like to know exactly what I'm ordering and about to pay money for-- I feel like that is the fundamental purpose of a menu.
2. No cards accepted.  Again, something I would have known if I'd done my research.  Get ready for a 2.75 atm service fee, which seems crazy to me.
3. Expect a long wait on the weekends. (Seriously, there were a lot of hipsters.)
4.  (small gripe)  If you are going to offer an intriguing Cost Rican breakfast, please have Lizano on hand.Rude hostess. If working at a busy place stresses her out so much, I don't know why she is a hostess. I am pretty shy and polite with all people I am just meeting including people working at restaurants and she snapped at me for no reason. I've also seen her being rude to other people on numerous occasions. Having someone act upset with me and/or other people in the vicinity makes me stressed out during brunch and kind of ruins it. 
Other than that, this Surrey's is pretty solid and is way nicer than the other location. It has nice places to sit outside and has fairly good food, but could use more combo options (where you can get a breakfast with both a savory bit and a sweet bit).Shrimp and grits all the way. Cute hipster place. Expect to wait for service though.DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE EVER ARRIVE AT THIS PLACE WITH MORE THAN 2 PEOPLE IN YOUR PARTY.
My folks know my favorite meal of the day is breakfast and I'd never had Surreys, so boy were they psyched to get me to Surreys. It was my birthday, after all, and they found a breakfast place in the city I'd never tried! My wife and I met my parents who had already put our name on the list prior to our arrival. We were initially told it'd be 45 minutes.
110 minutes later we were seated. No joke.
I don't give a damn how good your food is (and it was actually damned good), there should never be a wait for 110+ minutes. The service at the table was OK, and once again, the food was great.
Honestly, the last thing I can remember about this place was the wait and how utterly aggravating it was. Of course I'm the least patient of the group of 4 I was with, but my goodness.
The best part? Parties of 2 were shuffled in past us every 10 minutes.
Aesop should've written a fable about Surrey's...
The 4 lambs and the 2 wolves (not really by Aesop)
4 lambs arrived at Surreys and proceeded to starve to death while 40 lions showed up, split into 20 groups of 2 and were filled to their heart's content.
Moral of the fable? Don't friggin' bring more than 2 people if you want to even remotely have a shot at enjoying this place.
The fact that they didn't have the sense to make a few groups of 2 wait until they could push together 2 tables was mind numbing.
If not for the food, I'd want to give this place a negative 5. We also endured the wonderful story of "We're out of the following (points to half of the menu)." This would've been great news while I was staring at your menu for the first half of my nearly 2 hour wait.Reasonable prices, laid back atmosphere, and very dank food.
Got the shrimp and grits and migas for brunch - loved them both. 
Protip: if you can swing it, go at an off-hour and you can avoid the outrageous lines.
Highly recommend!Tasty breakfast place. In a neighborhood in a cool old New Orleans style house.  Pretty crowded so go early. Coffee good, kept it full, great waitress, made to order fresh so took a few to get out but was worth the wait.I really enjoy this Surrey's. The staff is great, the food is great and healthy, and everything is pretty reasonably priced. I actually prefer this Surrey's to the other one, as it is typically less crowded, and thus provides faster service, quicker food, and whatnot. I'd definitely suggest that you come for breakfast and look at the specials closely, as they are usually inventive and tasty.
Also, I'm not a big juice person, so I usually just get tea. The Earl Grey here is pretty good, and they're very good about providing refills.This is our first time here, my girlfriend and I, and the hostess greeted us by saying "today is celebrity wait list day, what celebrate would u like to be?" I replied " Will & Jada" I thought wow this should be entertaining watching as she calls out everybody's celebrities names. Bruce Wayne, Threeand a Half men, the list goes on and on lol. We finally get seated and we order the Shrimp & Grits, and the Migas with Choriza. OMGGGG there food is delicious!! This is by far the best Breakfast & Brunch I've ever been tooSurrey's is a restaurant in the neighborhood where I grew up. I loved where I grew up. You are walking distance to so many cute shops and other restaurants like Surrey's that offer great food with an outside option. I like to bring my pup with me when I go out, so their accommodating my four legged friend was much appreciated. They said it would only take 10-15 minutes to be seated, and that it did. The server we had was new and did make a mistake in forgetting to have our oder put into the kitchen. They were honest about it and they are always nice. I wasn't upset. I did have an appointment I had to make, though. I gave myself and hour and a half to be seated, order, eat and get out in time to drop the dog off and make my appointment. 30 minutes after our order was put into the kitchen, I still did not have my food (to-go) at this point. I left without eating (my other party took my food home with them).
I've gone to Surrey's with my mom for a casual and not rushed brunch meeting, and that is definitely the kind of meal you should plan on having here. I do enjoy Surrey's, I but I was disappointed today.I swear they have the best shrimp & grits in the world. So delicious! Definitely recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans.It was our first time there. The food was delicious.  I had the shrimp and grits and crab omelet. This on my list to stop at on my way back to San Diego.What happened to Surey's?  It's been a long time favorite of ours but now many things have changed.  The crab melt is a shadow of its former self.  The staff seems to have changed.  Did it get sold?  I am still giving it three stars mostly based on the fact that we used to love it and hope the old Surrey's comes back.Great ambiance, food and service. A wonderful brunch place. Hubby and I had the shrimp and grits and kids had the French toast and everyone was happy. The grits were to die for.We loved having breakfast here. We both ordered the biscuits and gravy, boudin, ham, and home fries. It was so much food and was really delicious. I wish they sold alcohol-but understandable since its a juice bar. I just made a quick walk next door to pick up a mimosa which was great. The only reason I'm giving it four stars is because the gravy was barely warm not hot enough for me! But besides that it was great and the wait was short!So.... The host Nadine was amazing... And the wait was not long at all(probably because seated outside).  Now the food comes... My bacon was burnt, grits looked like tapioca, and the biscuit seemed under cooked.  I ordered what I normally get, but seemed different from times before... Oh I forgot about the sausage that looked like flattened meatballs.. The waiting staff was amazing... And tbh the only name I remember was the host because she was the only one introduced herself.The food is okay 3 stars but the service is terrible we walked up they told us we would have a table imdiatly we put our bikes away and then we got back and he said oh sorry we made a mistake their is one table ahead of you then we waited and all these people aent before us they wete already waiting when we arived. So that's not wierd its just they told us 10 mim and we waited like over 40 min i dont like being lied to and the time it takes to make the food is also way to longSet in a cute little uptown house, it has a lot of charm.  I went for breakfast and they have some 'not run of the mill' choices.  Thought the food was good and would go back to try other things.  Bring cash...they sent me home to get mine because I was only carrying my credit card.  Their response "oh well, it happens."  Sweet.Staying in an airbnb near here, walked up and had a great breakfast!  Excellent service, French toast and !!!!bacon bread pudding!!I've been here a few times for breakfast or brunch, weekends and weekday. I'm a sucker for any kind of breakfast that includes Latin food, so most of the menu is particularly pleasing to my bean-loving palate. Service is reliably good and very friendly without being annoyingly perky. A morning-person I am not!
My kids both love the fresh-squeezed juices, and my four year old enjoyed the waffle so much that she ate the whole thing! 
My only complaint is that their beans are consistently under-seasoned and I've found a dried bay leaf in my dish more than once. That just screams lazy cook who couldn't be bothered to pick it out. I know it's early in the morning (see above mention of my hate for mornings), but please don't serve me a dried leaf in my beans. Non-edible things don't belong on my plate. 
That aside, we'll definitely keep coming back. My most recent trip included some absolutely killer grits.Get shrimp and grits. We sat outside because 60 degrees is warm to us and we did not want to wait for a table inside.  The juice selection is enjoyed by the girl in the group. Sausage selection great.Although this is not in the French quarter , this spot is where all the locals go and was recommended and we all know that the locals are the ones that know where to eat.
This place has a great charm to it, I sat by the kitchen and watched the cooks make the food and the head chef was this woman that was looked so passionate about her food. Everything they put out that window honestly looked amazing and you could tell they really put there heart into here dishes.
The food is amazing, the space isn't very big but this place has a big personality. The staff is very diverse and there food is great.  There pancakes are huge, fresh squeezed orange juice only, fresh brewed coffee, fresh ingredients , awesome menu . If your visiting Nola and don't want to eat in a over rated tourist spot this place is worth it.Inexpensive, great food. A nice break from all the heavy southern food for this CA gal! :-)If I had to muster up one word to describe Surrey's (which I've been to numerous times) I'd say EH.
It's not great, but it's not terrible. It seems to always be around where we are on Saturday mornings, so it has become our Saturday morning backup. The food is decent, however I have a rule that in 2013 almost 2014 any place that is cash only automatically loses a star, so there's that.
Also the staff isn't all that helpful to be honest. They aren't terrible, but they have that turn and burn diner mentality and usually it shows in the service you receive when you visit.Good food, but a little cleaning, paint.. Would do wonders!  Dirty is not "charming"!Today Shaun and I decided to shop for a local breakfast food crawl. After getting pampered! We had the grits, hashbrowns, and the vegan french toast. All was simple and very tasteful! Though a little small, its an environment that has a fun energy. We had a little table by the wall where we could sit and really catch up on us! We plan on bringing friends next time! 
You will love it, or at least like it, a lot!Their homemade juice is to die for. I recommend going during the week, because it gets very busy on the weekends and is a small place. I ordered the shrimp and grits and they were delicious and authentic.Food was great. Not so much for the service. Our food took so long to get to us. They don't have any AC so the doors and windows are all open. Which is fine if there wasn't so many flies.I had one of the best things I ever ate.
It makes me sad to realize it was only a special and I can not get it whenever my heart desires...
Brunch on a Sunday had a bit of a wait but once we added our name to the list it was a quick 15-20min wait for a table.  Go next door and grab a bloody mary to go and enjoy while you wait.  
Ridiculously moist and flavorful mound of pulled pork (I'd love to eat this on a sandwich as is, but this too isn't a regular menu item)...this oh so amazing pulled pork was ontop of over easy eggs, ontop of jalapeno corn bread, drizzled with chipotle cream sauce. You got all that??  I'd be tempted to give Surrey's 5 stars for that meal alone but it was my first visit so I wont jump the gun.
My friends seafood fritatta was delicious as well, and had lots of fresh seafood.
I'm definitely coming back!The bananas foster French toast is hands down the best breakfast I've ever had, and I don't even like sweet breakfasts! Just do yourself a favor and order it. 
I came here for the first time over 2 years ago and still dream about this dish from all the way on the west coast :( I've had several friends visit Nola in the meantime, and I've sent all of them here so I know it's still as good as ever. 
I've also tried the crab omelette which is amazing as well. It's a shame that a $400 plane ticket separates me from Surrey, otherwise I'd try the whole menu!I moved to NOLA from NYC, which many would argue is the brunch capital of the world. They LOVE their brunches up there. But Surrey's gives any Yankee brunch spot a run for its money, and it even takes things up a notch by infusing dishes with the down-home flavors and ingredients that you'd expect in a food Mecca such as New Orleans.
Just as with brunch places in New York, Surrey's gets crazy busy on weekend mornings. I was able to make my first visit recently on a Tuesday, which meant no waiting in line. Woohoo! That's definitely the way to do it, if you're able.
Everything on the menu sounded awesome, but I had to go with one of the specials -- a chicken biscuit slathered in sausage gravy. When it arrived, I couldn't believe how big it was. (That's what she said.) There was no way I could even fit it all in my mouth at once. (She said that too.) So I decided to attack it with a knife and fork. (Thankfully, she didn't say that.) A few minutes later, that sucker was GONE. As were my delicious hash browns that came on the side.
Though I'm usually not a huge breakfast guy, Surrey's is legit. When I have the craving, I know where to go. Now you do too. Brunch on, NOLA.The service was ok. The food - biscuits and gravy was ok, but the biscuits were not as done as it should be. I think it's silly they don't take cards when most of the items are over $10.00.VEGAN FRIENDLY, IN NEW ORLEANS?! I went with a group of 7 for Sunday brunch. We were seated in 45 minutes, a bit of a wait but it a small place. Other than the possibility of wait it was great. I had the vegan French toast and hash browns. I loved the French toast and the hash browns are a bit on the spicy side so be aware! Everyone I was with loved their food and I highly recommend the fresh squeezed juices!I've only been here once and thought it was just OK.  I don't see me going out of my way to get back.  I wasn't disappointed but I wasn't impressed.  I'd like to have seen more options on the menu.  Lastly...I sat at the bar and there were some creepy crawlies around and I know it's NOLA but I'll never get used to dining with pests.  The staff seemed more annoyed when we pointed it out.  You'd expect apologetic and even then...I'd understand that it's really not their individual fault.  That kinda put me off.I was being a good daughter  and got up at 7 am on a Sunday so that I could take my mom here for breakfast . As she gets older she's decidedly more difficult to impress. I had never been before myself and was relying on you Yelpers to make me look good. We both love bananas fosters anything and french toast is one of her favorite meals, so what could go wrong?
Mom reads that the bananas foster french toast has banana cream cheese in it and she doesn't like cream cheese so she ordered the banana pancakes. Alright fine, crisis averted. I got the bananas foster french toast.
Before our food came I ordered the fresh squeezed apple juice and it could quite possibly be the most amazing fruit juice I've ever had. It was absolutely delicious. Me and mom both agreed it was fabulous.
The food came, and while both dishes were excellent, I couldn't eat the bananas foster french toast. It was delicious, don't get me wrong, but it was just SO rich that I couldn't take more than a few bites. I liked mom's banana pancake better so we traded since she decided the banana cream cheese on the french toast wasn't too cream cheesy. So we traded plates. Mom also ordered a fresh squeezed lemonade and that was really good, too.
I'm taking a star off for a few reasons: wait time can be on the high side and it seemed like we were surrounded by kids the whole time that we were eating. This isn't Surrey's fault, I'm just including it in the review for others like myself who may get a bit anxious when kids are around. It's something I would factor in when I decide to return or not. Also they don't accept credit cards; it's cash only but there is an ATM inside.Great find. Chicken, biscuit and sausage gravy, and grits were wonderful. Great suggestion from a very friendly wait staff.I must say I preferred Surrey's Uptown to the original location, as it had more seating in and outside of the house it was in, and was decidedly more pleasant to eat at. The menu was the same, offering brunch fare with plenty of options and support for most dietary needs.
I sampled a banana pancake and was told even though it was a single pancake, people rarely finish it. I didn't quite make it halfway through that monster. It was tasty and substantive with the pecans I added, but perhaps a tad overcooked. Honestly I think it'd be hard to get something that thick to cook evenly. The watermelon lemonade I tried was visibly half watermelon juice on top of the lemonade, an impressive and aesthetically pleasing feat. This was all sugary indulgence of course, but avocado, beans, tofu and more options for when one doesn't want to be quite that sweet.
Upon subsequently ordering a spinach melt with tomato basil soup for lunch, I rather wished I'd just gotten the sandwich as it was excellent.delicious vegan pain perdue (french toast).  and other vegan options too.OMG SURREY'S! Absolutely unreal. Went here while visiting NOLA on a local recommendation. 
To start, the service is amazing. Our waiter and the rest of the staff was very conversational and attentive throughout breakfast. We got our coffee refilled every 5 minutes, which was awesome for my hangover.
The prices are great for what you get. The food is rich, and a solid portion size. They don't overdo it with quantity which makes for great quality. I ordered the Crab and Brie Omelette, and my boyfriend ordered shrimp and grits with a side of eggs. Both dishes were unbelievable. We got full pretty quickly but pushed through to finish our meals.
It's a little off the beaten path, but definitely worth visiting and exploring the area. I want to go back already!Surrey's is quickly becoming on of my favorite places in the city. I normally frequent their location in the LGD, but went to this location one morning at the suggestion of a fellow yelper.
Located in what seems to be an old house, Surrey's has a lot of charm. That charm comes at a price as seating is very limited. On the morning we visited there was a wait for inside, but there was availability on the side porch. Of course as soon as we sat down a torrential downpour began so we relocated inside and waited for a table. One of the benefits of waiting at the bar for a table is that we were seated directly next to the kitchen. That allowed me to view all of the delicious items they were preparing, and it convinced me to try something different.
Once our table was ready, I knew exactly what to order. Shrimp and grits is a very popular dish that took me a long time to jump on the bandwagon. I didn't understand those two foods going together until I had BBQ shrimp and grits and was totally hooked. Surrey's version is a BBQ shrimp and grits, and was absolutely amazing. The grits were creamy and perfect with perfectly cooked shrimp in that oh so heavenly sauce. It was so good that had I been by myself, I would've licked the bowl clean. In addition to all that goodness, there were several pieces of bacon as a garnish. I cannot say enough good things about this dish.
Surrey's is an excellent place for breakfast or lunch. If you've never been, come to this location. That way I can get a table at the LGD without a wait.Hands down, this is overall the best breakfast place in town. Can you go places with fancier food? Absolutely, but for the type of place it is, it's the best.
I've had just about everything on the menu. Costa Rican Breakfast?  Check. Boudin Biscuit? Check. Bagel Breakfast Sandwich? Check. I could go on. All that said, the single best thing I've ever had here is the special Chicken and Waffles. The dish is out of this world. And the food at this location is much better than the lower Magazine location. I will say that the juice at the lower location is a tad bit better.
Part of the reason the food is better is because of the awesome chef. I worked three years in the restaurant industry for nice restaurants (Brennan and Besh owned restaurants) and I've never seen someone run a kitchen as well as she does. If she sees something wrong, she fixes it. And feel free to drop by the window and tell her how everything was. She listens and would hate for anyone to walk out the door unsatisfied by the food.
It is cash only, but it's worth every dollar. If you want fine dining, head to Brennan's where you can overpay for your eggs. If you want a great breakfast, forget about everything else and focus on the food and you won't be disappointed.The best French toast I've ever had.  My husband had the boudain and biscuit breakfast which he said was good too.  Nice neighborhood.  This will be one of my must go to places in NOLAMy order - French toast,omelette and coffee
Taste - Excellent. It was the best french toast I have ever had. The bread was fluffy and soft like a cotton ball. Omelette and coffee tasted good as well.
Ambiance - Small and neat 
Staff - Friendly
Value for money - Decent
Wait - 20 min for my food order
Visit - Don't miss their french toast !Surrey's in New Orleans on Magazine St. 
Service was slow to begin with but sped up later on. 
Bananas foster is amazing! French bread filled with a banana cream filling topped a rum sauce 
Crawfish omelet special was amazing! Eggs cooked to perfection filled with large avocado chunks and Brie cheese. 
Burrito was decent, "but I wouldn't order it again. There are just more things on the menu that taste better"
Took a while to get the check and to place order
Busy inside. You can tell that the locals love this place
A bit tight if you are coming with a larger party
The temperature was hot with the fans off. They could have turn them on to circulate the air since it was raining outside and the doors were closed. 
CoFfee is high quality. I could drink this coffee all day and there are free refills... Yesssss
Juice is over priced. I would personally stick to the food.Hands down favorite breakfast in NOLA. Before I moved away I ate here almost every weekend.  I've had half their breakfast menu, so I won't even try to recount all the delicious things... but my favorite on the regular menu is the bananas foster french toast.  Important Note:  ALWAYS check the specials menu!  I love the seafood omelette, and they have this other benedict-type arrangement with a poached egg over pulled pork and greens.  My mouth waters just thinking about it, and I really wish I could still eat there every weekend.
I prefer this uptown location to the original spot .  No complaints here!If it were just for the grits I I'd this place five. Best grits ever tasted with no cheese added. I'm a true southern woman from South Terrebone Parish and love grits. Poached eggs were terrific, a little under done but I'd rather that then a little overdone any day. Didn't have the coffee since I had already had my 2 cups of espresso so I can't attest to that. Sweet space .sausage outdoor seating. Only reason for not giving it a 5 cold Jimmy Dean sausage. The waiters were friendly. As a local I will take advantage of this place when tourist are sparse and bring friends here when it's not. .
If you like regular poached eggs order medium. To well.Love the staff, the ambiance and the food, but it's a little light on the portions compared to the pricing. Always a line, but never long of a wait.I always enjoy Surreys breakfast food. Once again I had an excellent breakfast. I was trying out the uptown location for the first time, and the service was fast and friendly even on a parade day. I had an excellent vegetarian omelette with goat cheese., and I can't wait to go back.My favorite place for a great breakfast! Wonderful surroundings and great staff!Food is always served hot and fast. Short waiting time. Visit the corner bar for an adult beverage and bring to Surrey's to have with breakfast.Wonderful Sunday morning brunch!  Short wait to eat indoors on this hot day, but the wait was worthwhile.  Fresh squeezed orange juice, creamiest grits tasted all week, great migas, omelette, banana foster stuffed French toast.  Heavenly.  They made the wait fun by asking those checking in to pick their favorite star to be called when a table became available.  Great neighborhood gem!!DON'T FORGET TO BRING CASH. We totally did, but at least they don't overcharge too much on their ATM. 
I had the Pain Perdu and my partner had the Shrimp and Grits. I loved my dish, super filling and yet fluffy and hit the spot. I tried the Shrimp and Grits and didn't like it very much, but my partner enjoyed it, so there's that.
Also, I guess we came at a good time because we didn't wait an exceptional time.Good stuff, stopped here for breakfast on our way out of town. It's located in a great neighborhood.Found this place on Yelp for somewhere to go in New Orleans. It totally met my expectations! The shrimp and grits are DElish. Service from beginning to end was impeccable. This is definitely a 'must visit'.My favorite meal of the day is breakfast and I thoroughly enjoy exploring this cities many great breakfast spots! Last weekend I went to Surrey's Uptown for the first time. My friend and myself were feeling rather lazy on a nice Sunday and didn't get to Surrey's till late morning. I expected a long wait after hearing from friends about this place but luckily we managed to only have about a 15 minute wait. Once seated we were helped right away. 
My friend ordered the buttermilk fried chicken on a biscuit with sausage gravy and I ordered the banana foster french toast. When our meal was finally delivered the waitress tell us we've order possibly the most decadent breakfast and she was right! 
I don't typically go for sweet breakfasts but my french toast was perfect! My friend finished his meal (which he loved) and even tried a bite or two of mine, which he also raved about. 
Overall, it was a great experience! I'd certainly go again and recommend to others! Cannot wait to try their other location!Can never go wrong in here! Read all the amazing reviews and so glad came to check it out today! The service is remarkable nice sweet girl in here serving on par! Food was good too! Had the Montana Plate, was so hard to decide they had such a good menu!The wait was ridiculously long for brunch, but I guess to be fair it was Sunday on Mardi Gras weekend.  We waited for almost an hour before we were seated.  The waitresses weren't very friendly and seemed stressed, not to mention when we finally got our food, the waitress spilled sauce all over my husband's back and shirt.  She gave us a free glass of orange juice for that, but that didn't feel adequate given our experience thus far.  Why I give three stars though is that the food was overall pretty good and the french toast bananas fosters was quite tasty.  I would try to come here again on an off day if I were to come back to New Orleans to avoid the crowd.Oh Surrey's Uptown...this is the most difficult review I have yet had to write. I'm just not sure how many stars you deserve.
Here is my experience:
Today I say we are going to Surrey's no matter what. 
We chose this location over the original that is closer to me because we figured not as many people would know about it so the wait would be a little shorter.
We were right-  Upon arriving at Surrey's at 10:45am we were told there would be a 5 minute wait, but it was 2-3 minutes. Great! Love that. I did see some people come up to the "wait here" sign and then get frustrated and walk away because no one is outside to greet you. They probably lose customers with this method of seating tables, but they wouldn't lose us.
We sat down (inside) and were approached a few minutes later by one waitress. I ordered a coffee. A few minutes later another waitress approached and we asked for some juice. I mean, this is Surrey's Juice Bar and we had heard how amazing the juices are. So, we asked for a grapefruit concoction, and were told they are out of grapefruit juice. So we asked for orange. They are out of orange juice. But, we figured, things happen. No biggie. The bf really wanted to try the grapefruit stuff and the waitress informed us that they would be receiving a shipment soon. We wondered if it was homemade and guessed that it still could be made at the other location and shipped here. The boy said that he really wanted some and told the waitress that he would wait for it to arrive.
Sitting inside was cozy. The table was just big enough for maybe one plate and had to fit our two plates- i wondered how they would make this happen. 
We sat next to a window and I noticed that all around the windows and doors and ceiling there was still blue tape that you put up before you paint. I really thought that anyone could have ripped that off the night before and it made the place look unfinished. 
In the corners of the ceiling were speakers that played the radio and when the talking was on it was difficult to hold a conversation over the noise. 
Waiting to put our order in I was annoyed by multiple black flies swarming around me. I killed a few and dropped the fly-in-a-napkin on the floor, disgusted. This happened multiple times and it was aggravating but I understand that its New Orleans and there may be flies inside.
By then I was getting frustrated. So, I took a deep breath and had some coffee. The juice would arrive soon. The flies can't be controlled. No big deal. I cannot wait for this meal!
We put our order in and I was excited about how versatile the menu is. Surrey's offers something for everyone- stuffed french toast, egg sandwiches, omelets with crabmeat- everything around us looked so good. The bf ordered the Costa Rican breakfast. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros. I asked the waitress to please bring out a biscuit (kind of like a breakfast appetizer). She said sure and I saw her write it down. 
So we waited. I was a little surprised at the prices. I wanted some avocado on my meal but just could not bring my self to order $2.50 slices of avocado. I mean, a whole avocado isn't even close to $2.50. I think that the prices reflect the good quality and taste of the food so although Surrey's is a little pricey I think it is worth it.
After ordering we saw someone bring in juices through the back and other people around us ordered juice and got it. But, our waitress never came to say it arrived and never brought us any. So, we missed out on Surrey's juices, which is majorly disappointing. 
An hour and 15 minutes later I was ready to walk out. Three cups of coffee. NO FOOD. The waitress didn't even notice. No "sorry for the wait" or anything. She brought more coffee and didn't mention our meals. I asked the bf if we could just throw down a few bucks and leave. I motioned for the waitress and asked for my biscuit and she said she'd try to work that out. 
We waited more but then decided to say something. So, we called the waitress over and told her how long we had been waiting to eat anything. When she returned she said that sometimes the kitchen can get mixed up and it would be out soon. Three or four minutes later our food arrived. 
I was surprised at how quickly the food came out once we said something. I posted some photos so you can see how tasty these meals look. The food was good but I could tell they rushed. I really did enjoy my meal.
So, Surrey's ended up comping our meal. And I will try Surrey's again in order to hopefully give it some more stars. 
Today, Surrey's you were a Fail, and I really really wanted to LOVE you. Please make me happy next time :(
OH- cash only.Love this place, great potatoes yum! Lots of vegetarian options. Juice is overpriced and the wait gets a little ridiculous.Great space, great vibes, great food. The employees are super nice. Make sure to get the biscuits and the amazing coffee!The lines here are often very long and hard to say whether it's worth it. I'm of two minds about the place: the wait staff and everyone I've encountered has been stellar--fun, kind and helpful! In truth the food just isn't all that good...at least not the breakfast items I've ordered. the potatoes are consistently rubbery and under-seasoned, and the eggs dishes often lacking in flavor. The vibe of the place is really relaxed and easy but it also looks like it hasn't been cleaned in years. Love the people, great to have a breakfast place in the neighborhood, but hard to recommend you wait in line for 45 minutes to eat this food.Amazing food and the staff are very friendly.  The banana pancake with peanut butter is the stuff of legend.I would ideally give this place 3.5 stars, but I liked the ambiance so I'm bumping it up a bit. I got the eggs here primarily because it was my first day in NOLA and I wanted to try the (southern) grits and biscuits, both of which were delicious. We sat outside on the porch, which was also really cute. My only complaint is that the sunny-side up eggs were surprisingly tasteless, but everything else was great. 
This place also has vegetarian/vegan options.Great little quaint stop for breakfast! I had a simple eggs, bacon and potatoes for breakfast and it was good. Also tried my boyfriends ginormous "black and gold" pancake! Biggest pancake I've ever seen. Recommend this place if your in New Orleans.Surly hostess but very friendly waitress. Bagels are pretty darn good (and being a Miami girl I have some HIGH standards). Skip the biscuits. 
They only take cash and ATM charges $2.75!I ordered the surrey special (I think it's the name please don't quote me). It was delicious.  However,  my meat was a bit undercooked.  I didn't feel like arguing about it so I just ate the more cooked parts.my meal came with eggs, grits, and a biscuit and then I added a watermelon lemonade ( idk a bit much taste wise but that's not their fault, I knew better) and undercooked meat patties to the deal. $14.60 was my total. Not bad for a place I thought was nasty.  I really love the atmosphere here. Reminds me of something/and place  out of the movie 50 first dates starring Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler!  I noticed how awesome they were with getting a high chair for one of the customers with a baby so I had mad love for them on that note. Very cool. they have space to relax and actually accommodate a baby high chair. Because some places be so packed tight together it's hard to breathe at times. Everyone was respectful. N other bad at all for a morning restaurant.  I received my meal fast and I was seated immediately.  I can see myself coming back!  Also, definitely know there are flies, but it's not bad. The doors opening constantly and it sort of draws flies in.i love surrey's. i first fell in love with the location in the garden district, but the uptown location is closer to my house. actually it's right around the corner. so convenient. so delicious.
that being said, i will be taking my brunch business elsewhere from now on. i attempted to dine uptown this past saturday. there was a 15 minute wait, which was expected. my boyfriend and i planned to go next door to le bon temps and get some champagne and make mimosas while we waited with the delicious juice at surreys. yum! what could be better than that on a saturday morning? i can't think of anything.
unfortunately for us, the employee behind the juice bar refused to serve my boyfriend 2 glasses of juice while we waited for our table because "it would take away from the customers who were dining." ummm, ok. that's understandable....i guess. annoying, but whatever.
THEN.....THEN....while we are standing there, lamenting about having to go mimosa-less while we waited, another man waiting in line goes inside. and what does he come back out with? well, a big tall glass of juice, of course. 
I'm sorry....what??! There are words coming to my mind, and none of them are appropriate here. You've lost a good customer on this one.First off let me say breakfast is my favorite meal of the day. That being said, there isn't a single thing off this menu I wouldn't recommend. I've had their signature dishes and they have my favorite shrimp and grits in the city. But recently I've been hooked on the banana fosters French toast. It brought one of my out of town friends to tears she was so happy. 
If you're hungover go with the Montana plate it has eggs, bacon, ham, sausage and grits/home fries. 
This place is amazing get there early on Weekends or holidays or prepare to wait.service was amazing and I didn't know scrambled eggs could taste that good. and they actually know how to cook grits.Nice brunch spot with outdoor seating.  Very charming as the restaurant is an old style home.  Banana Foster French toast was the bomb.  I highly recommend but be warned it is like eating desert for breakfast - not to say there is anything wrong with that. Service was very good.  I think we had 4 different wait staff.A great place to stop by for brunch. This place is popular and can fill up quick, so be aware of that! 
My friend and I went here on a Sunday morning and were greeted by a friendly waiter who was very friendly and helpful. My friend and I both order the corn beef hash and the special chicken salad/bacon sandwich. Having thrown up all my food from the day before after a long day of binge drinking, I was ready to dig in.
The corn beef hash was extremely good. This portion was seriously massive. The only downside was my eggs were cooked more than I would have liked. I asked for over-easy but my yolks were not runny which was a major disappointment. My friends on the other hand were runny. Regardless, I demolished this dish. The sand which was also very good. Light, packed with chicken, and enough to share. 
I'll definitely return for items like the breakfast burrito!Not impressed. 
1. Hard, dense biscuits
2. Subpar potatoes, nothing special
3. 6.00 O.J. ? WTH
4. Empty condiments on table except the crusty looking hot sauce
5. Wife requested no pico on her dish (hates onions and jalapeños), they brought it out with pico....no big deal right,  they can just remake it.... Nope they scraped it off leaving all of the juices to soak into the eggs and re served it.. Really?  
6. We had 3 different servers and none of them knew what the other was doing so it was real confusing who  was taking lead..
Lastly they only take cash. Wow. Felt like we were at a college dive joint..Love the food, but no reservations and long wait.  They did have a sense of humor about it and had us use celebrity names on the waitlist- "Michael Jackson, party of 2" sounds pretty funny. Anyway, the food and juices are great. Recommended with the warning about wait time.