Simply perfect! Amazing service, atmosphere and best of all, amazing sushi!
Loved the mackerel & ginger roll, midcity roll and the crunchy roll! Highly recommend Sushi Brothers!I've been to Sushi Brothers several times for lunch to meet a friend. It's not very crowded during the day, so easy to get a table. They have their own parking lot across the street which is nice because street parking around that area can be hard to find. Today I had the seaweed salad and the Sushi Brothers special roll. The roll has salmon and avocado on top and tempura salmon and cream cheese inside. My friend had a house salad with extra ginger dressing, miso soup and tempura shrimp. All were good and fresh.While visiting my friends in Nola, they said that we shoudl get some sushi from this place. 
I was like, SUSHI?!?!?
Shouldn't we be dining on red beans & rice, Jambalaya and other Cajun cuisine?
They assured I was in for a treat. 
Boy, were they correct. 
When we arrived, the place was packed. 
This is always a good sign!
I had the the Gumbo Miso Soup, the Rainbow Roll and the Saints Black and Yellow Roll. 
The Gumbo Miso Soup was great. The fresh okra & shrimp was a touch that I loved. 
I always like to get a Rainbow roll when I eat sushi, b/c it allows me to judge how fresh the fish is. I was thoroughly impressed. it was the freshest fish I have ever tasted. 
The Black and Gold Saints Roll was so flavorful.
A delicious mixture of coconut shrimp, cream cheese and mango puree!
Great Job Sushi Brothers, you proved to me that New Orleans can do sushi perfectly!!Went in for lunch. Manager said they were about to close, but if we could order quickly they'd serve us, so we did. We then tried to have lunch while a table of customers and staff, including the manager, sat there screaming because there was soccer on tv. Not talking loudly, not cheering, and not yelling, but SCREAMIIINNNGGG!!!! Shooting them looks did nothing. When we raised our conversation to their volume and started saying "WHAT DID YOU SAY? I COULDN'T HEAR YOU OVER THOSE PEOPLE," they got the message and quieted down for a moment, but it didn't last. When the manager brought the check I calmly said, "So let me ask you something: if you went to a restaurant to have a nice lunch, and instead had to sit through customers, the staff and management screaming the whole time, how much of a discount would you ask for?" He then started yelling at me rather loudly (although to be fair, not quite full-on screaming, because by then I could tell you the difference) about how he had done us a favor by letting us in after they closed, and we should be thanking him, and next time he wouldn't be so nice. As if there'd be a next time.The service was extremely rude. As a female, I was never asked to get out since I was sleepy. As long as they received money, they don't let you rest there for a little and asked you to get out. The food was also really bad. The salmon was really tiny and smelled weird. Don't waste your money there if you want a happy Mardi Gras or NOLA experience.Went there recently for lunch, even though the quality has gone downhill the past year. I was by myself, it's not crowded and the greeter, when finding out I'm a party of one, tries to force me to the sushi bar. I said, no can I sit at a two-top. He says they are all reserved, which is BS. When I shifted my bag in my arm, I guess he thought I was going to sit at a table and he blocked my way. seriously! 
Want the best sushi on town, you got to go to Shogun in Metairie. And they don't make you sit at the sushi bar.I don't understand the high amount of positive reviews for Sushi Brothers.  In a city with a glaring lack of quality sushi restaurants, maybe people are more forgiving in their critiques.  The problem is that Sushi Brothers is just not very good even when compared to the other places in town.
THE GOOD
Yellowtail Roll:  Pretty much the only thing I completely enjoyed.  I like their combo of yellowtail, smelt roe, and avocado as opposed to the more traditional green onion that typically goes with yellowtail.  Fortunately this particular cut of fish tasted fresh.
THE BAD
Crawfish Roll:  They drench their crawfish in spicy mayo sauce.  I HATE rolls drenched in sauce.  You couldn't even taste the crawfish.  Gross.  Why do people insist on over-saucing sushi???  Don't you want to be able to taste what you're actually eating?
Squid Steak:  Over-cooked squid, soaked in butter.  I know that it's traditionally prepared with butter but I've had squid steak many times at other sushi places and the aroma/flavor of butter has never overwhelmed the squid like it did here.  Bad, bad news.
Assorted Veggie Tempura:  I originally thought these were decent, but upon reflection I realize that was probably just the hunger talking.  Wayyyyy too overbattered, not crunchy at all, made it very tough to eat.  I would not recommend ordering tempura in any form from them if that's how they batter their food.
House Special Roll:  They double-wrapped the seaweed around the roll, making it hard to chew through.  Come on guys.  Even if I can get through it, that's unacceptable.
PURGATORY
Levee Voice Roll:  One of their "Special New Rolls" that has potential as it was something I'd never seen in a roll before.  They placed a Blue Crab "paste" on the top of the roll that would have been quite delicious if they didn't smother it with sauce.  And of course the nasty crawfish was inside too.  If I had to go to Sushi Brothers again, I would order this roll but ask for no sauce and subbing out the crawfish for something else.
Service:  It wasn't bad in terms of neglect, but everyone there was so awkward that it made me pseudo-uncomfortable.  And it had nothing to do with a language barrier too, as all the servers and bussers were ABCs (or ABVs most probably).  Hard to describe.  Just weird.  Fortunately they're pretty good about requests, as they allowed us to get the rolls cut into 8 pieces and also sub out soy paper for regular seaweed (seriously, why does anyone like soy paper?  It tastes literally like a piece of paper in your mouth).
OVERALL
Can't quite give it 1-star because at the very least I would come here again for the Levee Voice Roll (modified) if someone else really wanted to, but it definitely would not be recommended.  There are better places, even in a sushi-starved city like New Orleans.The entrees were okay, the server was very nice and very attentive to make sure our water cups were filled and asked if we needed anything. 
The only 2 thing I wasn't too please about was that the chefs puts their entrees on top of their cooler case in front of us so that the servers would reach over us or around us to get there food. Also our sushi chef did not know a lot of the Japanese names of the fish. 
Other than those two complaints I would have given it a 5 star ratings.This place is terrible! I don't know what you people are talking about. No offense to out of towners, which seem to comprise many of these reviews, but C'MON. Not only are the rolls, appetizers, AND entrees wayyy overpriced, but they don't even taste good! 
The fish is still partially frozen (much too hard, as Kate C. says in her review) and the cuts are thick and flavorless. I don't care how much sauce and crunchy you pile on top, I can still taste cheap fish. 
We came once by accident, originally intending to go to Slice, and then changing our minds last minute. I ordered the dinner special salmon teriyaki, which, at almost $20, you would think would come with something besides just the entree. No. No soup or salad included, just a long wait for over saccharine fish (just drenched in sauce), a huge bowl of steamed rice, 2 pieces of unripe fruit, and some sort of forgettable vegetables.
Daniel ordered some rolls, I think a fresh salmon and special eel roll and then one of their specialty rolls, and I ate maybe one piece of each. 
Never coming here again. You shouldn't either.Sushi brothers might be my new favorite sushi restaurant. 
I think sushi falls a little short in nola, obviously not our specialty, but this place picks up some of the slack. Comparatively, it has many more options than other sushi joints in the city. The fish always seems to be pretty fresh. They have a variety of rolls that are creative with lots of ingredients but still good. Volcano roll = awesome. Also the food is well constructed, it actually looks appealing, not just your average kernels of rice rolled around some seaweed around some crappily cut fish. Overall you're getting some decent sushi for a good price, yay.
I like the decor too, it's very j-pop and cute.Doesn't have the most space, but the miso soup is the best miso I've had in a while. 
I don't like a bitter miso soup. the broth here seems homemade, not like it came from a just add water mix. Yes, this soup gets personal.
Also, the service I receive here is stellar. All smiles combined with quality sushi.A really decent sushi place right on St. Charles.
We went in here at a really slow time, so we got insanely quick service. It's full service, which includes warm, wet hand towels and a cup of tasty soup. All of our food was out within 4 or 5 minutes of ordering. We ordered their crab dumplings as an appetizer- these were awesome... so tiny and adorable! I would definitely get them again. We also got a Fema Roll, which was my favorite roll that we tried.
A major point for this place is that they actually have a parking lot! It's across St. Charles from the restaurant, so you might miss it. But it's there.
The pricing is very moderate. You can definitely eat cheaply here if you want to. Their whole menu (including prices) is on their website.
It's not 5 stars because the decor is slightly lacking. The place is clean, but not exactly trendy. They have a very nice restroom. Overall, it's not my favorite sushi place in town, but it's a close second.Our favorite sushi in the city. Quality is consistently high, portions are consistently large. A delicious, totally ridiculous roll is the saints black and gold- a highly authentic combination of cream cheese, mango, and fried coconut shrimp that was a favorite of the ancient samurai in Japan. 
The Nebayaki udon is generous and the broth rich- share with a friend and ask for an extra bowl for serving. If keeping things light, the cucumber salad is deliciously marinated with choice cuts of fish.Had the black and gold roll which was Wonderful. The server was great and the atmosphere is true amazing. Prices are also reasonable for being sushi!!! Will be coming back  in future visits to new orleans.A very underrated place. Cheap beer, interesting rolls (The Black and Gold roll is a personal favorite), and a very fun staff!If I could give this place zero stars, I would. The service was horrible, the rolls were very messy and rushed, and the rice was hard and grainy. The rolls were drowned in different sauces, which was the restaurant's failed attempt to add some flavor in their sushi. The server had a negative attitude and threw our food on the table. I was very disappointed. I wouldn't recommend anyone to this restaurant.1 star for being edible, and an extra star for being relatively cheap! 
I have yet to find great sushi in New Orleans, and Sushi Brothers is no exception.  My friend and I sat at the sushi bar for our meal.  I watched as the chef whipped up roll after roll in a matter of seconds.  He seemed like he could care less about the quality of the rolls. Every single roll was completed drenched in some special sauce or another and packed with so much roe, you couldn't taste anything else!  He was in such a rush, he topped off our order with about 10 sesame seeds, covering only 1/4 of the rolls. 
The chicken teriyaki was the only thing we got that lacked sauce! It was basically a dried up chicken breast with a light drizzle of teriyaki sauce on top. It seemed like an after thought..
We also ordered the FEMA roll, which was actually pretty tasty. However, like a lot of other special rolls on the menu, it just looked really unappetizing. It was so massive, and the spicy tuna mush on top just looked gross. 
I will say the atmosphere was nice and casual, and the service was quick. Otherwise, I really wouldn't recommend this place.I came in at lunch and the parking lot across the street was packed but fortunately I found a free spot on st. Charles.  I sat at the bar and ordered the shrimp tempura and eel rolls.  The rolls are a good size and tasted super fresh!  They came with complimentary miso soup and it was really good! I liked the vibe inside. Very small and intimate but clean.  I will definitely return!So good we ate here twice during our 5 days staying in the garden district. Sushi is amazingly fresh, the special rolls are great too. If you get tired of shrimp and grits, cleanse your palate here.Sushi Brothers had some good sushi! We really enjoyed the Saints Black & Gold roll. If memory serves me correctly, it had some mango on top, which made for an awesome flavor! I also appreciated that the restaurant had private parking on St. Charles which made getting in & out super easy.
They could afford to do a little more with the atmosphere, and their edamame was clearly microwaved from a frozen state. But overall, not a bad experience at all!Some of the best sushi I've ever had. Large rolls and great service!Great service and great food
Loved getting the warm wash clothes.  It's the little things.  And if there is an ingredient in your sushi roll that you don't like they'll take it out.I wanted to quickly go in and grab a quick lunch and that's exactly what I did. 
The place was sort of empty but it was also a late lunch. The hostess had me fill out my choices on a list of sushi they offer....pretty large menu. I waited 5-10 minutes at the sushi bar stools and the food was ready to go. 
Nothing life changing, but good sushi.Consistently delicious rolls. LSU, Metairie, spicy tuna, and tiger roll have never let me down. Quick service and friendly staff. Rolls aren't beautiful or always proportionately cut, but it's definitely never been a let down!We have been here several times and always enjoy it!!! Our favorites are the Spicy Tuna Roll (very spicy and flavorful), the Blue Crab Roll (need I say more..? ) so fresh and delicous, and the Salmon Skin Handroll (very cripsy and generous with salmon skin). The service is always cheerful and friendly and efficient. The miso soup is excellent and is always served. My husband had the seaweed salad on this last visit, and it was very flavorful. On this last visit, I ordered the Special Box, and it was so delicious! Very nice sized box and the snowcrab was just as delicate as could be.All the sushi is well presented and pretty.  The atmostphere is very bright and nice and clean.Their location right on St. Charles Avenue is just perfect.  My only wish is that the music were a little more calming or different, but it is fine. All good here. The private lot is a big plus, and that is a big reason why we come here. It is easy to get there and so satisfying!!!!!!I lived around the corner from this place for years and used to eat at the old place 2-3 times a month...knew the watresses by name.  They new my dogs name..we would get takeout a lot.  It was great after Katrina too...cheap decent sushi with great people and large portions.  Great neighborhood place.  I am back from california and went for lunch last month.  Sushi was decent...then  a baby cockroach walked out from a crack in the sushi bar.  Told the waiter...he said nothing and walked off.  I killed it.  He came back 10 minutes later with a napkin but I'd already killed it.  bad tip for him.said absolutely nothing, no appology nothing.  Baby cockroaches says breeding in the sushi bar.  Never going back...sad.  I loved the old place.Sushi Bros. has hands down the best Sushi in NOLA.
And I have had great Sushi.
Not many Sushi places have Poke, which is a sublime delicacy.
Sushi Bros Poke Salad, keeps bringing me back EVERY TIME!!
 am not into the sushi with Mayo, but even that, is tasty.
The Miso is delicious, and the atmosphere is friendly.
Ample parking (In Uptown, Unheard of) is available.
Give this place a try.
As a former Maui Boy, who, trust me, knows GOOD SUSHI,
Sushi Bros, is the place to go.You know how it is, sushi is good until you have an absolutely fantastic piece and you realize how good it could be. Well, Sushi Brothers isn't going to show you that light. It's fine, until you realize there is better.
We went in late on St. Patrick's day because it was the only sushi restaurant we called without a long wait and were immediately seated at the sushi bar. In our towering positions, we surveyed the crowd - what appeared to be locals and college students (many in green!) - and the sushi rollers - exactly who you'd expect. Starving, we overordered and were brought our dishes in rapid-fire succession (much faster than you would expect it to take, should it have been created with careful thought and attentiveness).
There was nothing unusual, nor extraordinary, about the soups or the edamame. The rolls, however, were bland and literally doused in souces. Those that weren't, such as the vegetable and asparagus tempura, were flavorless. I must admit that I had a magical connection with the house special souce soaking through the pieces-too-large-for-your-mouth of the FEMA roll. Its texture is similar to that of mayonnaise and is undoubtedly far more caloric than you would hope for with a light sushi meal, but a delight to my Southern taste buds nonetheless. My friend, the sushi expert, was not very pleased with his meal and left behind many sushi pieces as he, too, overordered. 
Conclusion: I would come back here if in the area and craved sushi, but would not seek it out.One of two places on the city that serves real crabmeat with certain selections. Great location, but usually a hassle to park during lunch hours. The service is great and the sushi is awesome!!!Staff is extremely attentive and nice. The food is also great. Very underrated compared to the other reviews. My favorite is their squid steak, LSU roll, and calamari crunchy roll. If my family and I are in the city and want sushi, we typically stop here. No pictures because I'm typically too hungry to wait!This place deserves high marks for how fast, fresh, and delicious their sushi is. If I lived closer to the area, this would probably be my go-to place for sushi. Every time I go here, I get the Big Easy Roll. It is one of my favorites of all time from any sushi restaurant. Their other rolls are good as well, and are what you can expect from a typical sushi place. Everything is very fresh from my experience. I once got their uni - sea urchin and it was fantastically fresh and delicious. I think their prices are really reasonable, also, their service is incredibly fast, for both dine-in and carry out.Consistently delicious rolls. LSU, Metairie, spicy tuna, and tiger roll have never let me down. Quick service and friendly staff. Rolls aren't beautiful or always proportionately cut but it's definitely never been a let down!Warning: I love sushi and I have high standards when it comes to sushi. 
This is not good sushi. Mediocre at best. I also had the Squid Steak, which I order and love other places in town. Yeah......not so much. It had an oily sheen to the sauce it was in. Low quality all around...which when I am eating anything raw- those are not words I want to hear.In New Orleans Sushi bro. is one of the best places to eat sushi. 
Its good, inexpensive, the service is great. 
I enjoy the crunchy calamari. Very good & filling.A great place for lunch.  For around $5, you can choose a roll from a very diverse menu and it comes with a bowl of delicious clear soup, or there are lunch specials in the $10-$15 range if you are more hungry.  The sushi is very good, and the place is elegant without being too pretentious to make you feel uncomfortable.  I had to laugh about a previous reviewer's recommendation not to sit at the bar if you don't know Japanese etiquette, though-- I got some harsh looks from the chefs as well, and it was strange since they were otherwise friendly and welcoming.  Now I know-- I must have rubbed my chopsticks together or did some other incredibly crass-from-a-Japanese-point-of-view thing!I am part of a little group that has been nick-named the "Sushi Small Group" because every other week we get together and have dinner at a different sushi restaurant in the NOLA metro area.  This night was Sushi Brothers.  Where to begin..............how about parking.  A whole lot- I mean an actual LOT with plenty of parking ON St Charles.  I had to jog across St Charles at rush hour with a cake but that wasn't the restaurant's fault.  So I pop into the restaurant a little early because we didn't have reservations and we are always a party of 6 or more (and I had birthday cake in a soggy-wet bakery box to deal with as well).  The young man was standing in front of me before the door was closed trying to get me seated (and the cake out of my hands - I am certain that I looked like an accident waiting to happen).  I explained the situation and described the birthday girl.  I handed over the cake and the candles and he thoughtfully inquired how many candles.  He went and got a large table put together for us and sat me almost immediately.  Then came the warm towel (oooooooooo  ;o)) and he got my drink order.  As my group trickled in he kept pace with drink orders and refills.  We were finally all there and he took our orders, made excellent recommendations.  Our dinners arrived promptly and all at the same time. The food was spectacular.  Beautiful presentation - you need to check out the dragon roll!!!   The portions were ample...........more than ample........... really generous servings.  The prices were super reasonable, as far as sushi restaurants go it was downright inexpensive!!!  Now back to the birthday part...........this is one of the situations that usually has a funny fluke..........but not tonight.  He put exactly right number of candles, lit them in the back and delivered directly to the birthday girl.........wait for it.............WITH SERVING PIECES to cut and serve.  Now I'm not talking about a butter knife and fork, not even a big knife and fork, I mean a dessert serving set worthy of a wedding.  All of this and never saw my iced tea glass less than 1/2 full!!!  One of the guests declared it the best sushi he had ever had - ever!!  Go there.  Go there NOW.  What are you waiting for???OK, I know this sounds odd, but I love Little Tokyo's sushi. It is always fresh and well rolled. So I am hesitant to try other places. Nic, took me to Sushi Brothers last Friday. There was no one there, at first. I told him, i felt like that was not a good sign. Well as usual, my thinker is badly damaged, and once again, I was wrong. As soon as we were seated, the place filled up. It was crazy. We ordered the octopus salad and the squid salad. Fresh and tasty. The clear soup was good too. We had the Black and Gold roll, very yummy. The Dragon roll, beautiful to look at and even better to eat. The special crunchy roll are fresh and crunchy. The service was very good also. The prices were a little better than Little Tokyo.Not as good as geisha sushi at my hometown but this place have pretty good food.  Better than a log of others in town.Really really great food here!! They gave me a soup on the house to begin with and the sushi was freshly made and was so filling and delicious. I got the soft shell crab rolls and the tempura shrimp. Well worth the money I paid and it wasn't even that expensive!! Great service alsoGood sushi! Rainbow roll was great. I think we over ordered though because we had so much leftoverUgh, I hate when I have to come to this place. The food is really sub-par. They have some of the worst gyoza dumplings in town. All of their sushi is so.. mayo-ey and tastes not fresh at all. The prices aren't too bad.
Their chicken teriyaki is horrible.Came here tonight for a guys night out! It was fantastic. Philadelphia roles were executed perfectly. Will definitely be returning.I took'em up on their takeout menu you can handily find online.  I have yet to eat onsite but it basically seems almost like a smaller version of a sports bar/wing joint only w/sushi.  Yes, some game was being shown.  As I don't do sports, the takeout fit the bill.  If you do do sports and sushi, well now!
I ordered 4 rolls that were all amazing.  Rock N Roll, Spicy Crunchy, Special Eel, and Rainbow.  Salivating just thinking about it.  My wife ordered a seaweed salad and a broccholi salad.  The latter was nothing more than yes, broccholi.
Looking forward to enjoying their rolls again.Not too bad for a cheap sushi restaurant, but Kyoto off of Prytania would be my preference next time.  The rolls are a good size, there a quite a variety, but not the freshest ingredients. They do have a decent collection of Sake.
As far as ambiance:  We were among only three other restaurants at 9 on a Friday night. The bathrooms were not clean. Bright lighting gave it a cafeteria type feel.I've been to a few sushi restaurants in town and this one is by far my favorite. The edamame is perfectly cooked every time with the right amount of salt on each pod. I get the vegetarian roll that is always full of fresh avocado and crispy asparagus, cucumber, carrot, and sprouts. The crawfish roll is also amazing with its generous amount of spicy mayo. The tempura vegetables were alright when a friend ordered them but they aren't really my thing.
Service is always friendly, food is quick, and I never have a problem finding parking near the restaurant.Awesome food! Everything was good but the Brothers Special Roll and Volcano Roll were especially good. Fast and good service too.If you are looking for 'Japanese food' but aren't an adventurous eater, this is the spot for you: this is the most Americanized sushi I've ever had. Hands down terrible, sloppy, big portioned, American sushi rolls. Nothing fresh or beautiful about it.service was lightning-fast, usually a good thing but almost too fast for sushi
rowdy group came in who seemed to know the management and disrupted a typically quiet japanese meal but they carried on as if at a bachelor party.
food quality - very good
service - too fast (but that's usually a good thing)
noise - waaayyy too much but it could be an anomalyComing from New York, NY I didn't expect such a quality. Arrogant me but I learned my lesson! Love this place!Yeah, I know what you're saying. "You go all the way to New Orleans and you get SUSHI"?? Well, this is possibly one of the BEST li'l sushi houses I've ever been too. Nothing fancy. Only a couple dozen tables but DAMN GOOD SUSHI! 
We ordered four different rolls. All came beautifully presented, prompt and oh so delicious. The salmon sashimi was fresh, firm and plentiful. Tempuras crisp, light, and hot. And the service was very friendly and attentive. 
Say what you will about going against the Creole gods. We'll go again to Sushi Brothers if the opportunity presents itself.This is my favorite sushi spot in New Orleans because it is consistently the best.  Their rolls are top-notch and my favorites include spicy tuna, tiger roll, special crunchy roll, rock-n-roll, calamari crunch and volcano.  Their spicy tuna is truly the best I have ever had.  Until trying their spicy seafood salad three years ago, I did not eat raw fish but, something about that beautiful spicy fish sauce on top of assorted fish made me a convert.  
The staff is always super friendly and efficient.  The floor to ceiling windows overlooking St. Charles Avenue give a clean brightness to the space.  They also have a parking lot directly across the street from the restaurant next to Hoshun that is for Sushi Brothers parking only.  Super convenient for the lunch crowd who needs to get in and out!  Favoritest ever!I used to say Kyoto was my favorite. But when I moved int to the Lower Garden District, this fast became my new favorite sushi restaurant. I am not going to lie... over Mardi Gras this year, I definitely went to Sushi Brothers 5 times in 4 days. I crave it daily and only my empty wallet stops me from ordering it.
The service is always good. They serve you complimentary soup. They give you the most sushi for your dollar.
My personal favorite rolls include the Asparagus Tempura (SO YUMMY), the Avocado Sushi pieces (topped with a creamy, slightly spicy sesame sauce), the Tamago Sushi, and my favorite starter, besides edamame, is the cold broccoli salad, which comes with  what I think may be a wasabi ranch dipping sauce.
I could eat there everyday if I could afford my sushi addiction. Now, whenever I got out to say, Sake, Hoshun, or Kyoto, I always find myself sad that I'm not at Sushi Brothers instead.
Would I go there again? Hell, yes. I'll go right now, actually.I think people are giving this place a bad reputation when it doesn't deserve one. I'm from San Francisco, where amazing sushi restaurants really are a dime a dozen, so I like to think I know a thing or two about good sushi.
The location can't be beat (it's like 5 blocks from the freeway), and they even have FREE parking right across the street - VERY IMPORTANT! The food is delicious, reasonably priced, and most importantly? Fresh. Okay so maybe the restaurant interior isn't worthy of a magazine feature, but who really cares? It's CLEAN and well-maintained. And isn't the food the most important thing anyway? In my opinion, ambiance always takes a back seat to good food.
This place might only get four stars, except for one very important final detail: they do not blast their music. I love love love that. All in all? 
This place is great, and is the place I have decided to call my sushi home as long as I am here in New Orleans. I highly recommend.Had this for the first time and I was very disappointed. I had a spicy tuna roll, a yellowtail scallion roll, and a special eel roll. The spicy tuna was way too mushy and had a very odd consistency and didn't taste fresh at all. The yellowtail scallion roll had no scallions, and the yellowtail was not chopped up, just a big hunk of yellowtail. The special eel roll was just eel and cucumber (not very special...). The prices were not bad so that was a plus but the sushi was obviously not very fresh and it kept falling a part whenever I picked it up with chopsticks. I won't be eating here again...Hands down the best sushi I've had in New Orleans. 
Granted, I feel like the sushi game in this city isn't the strongest. But when we came, the service was wonderful, seating us right away, offering us hot towels. The sake & beer specials were quite affordable, and our orders came much faster than we anticipated. 
The spicy tuna was probably the spiciest I've had in the city. Every one of their special rolls my friends ordered was delicious. I was completely satisfied. It makes sense that during the busier nights service would be a little slower, but I didn't find that at all, with the owner of the place stopping by our table a number of times to make sure everything was to our liking. 
Sushi Bros is now my favorite sushi place in New Orleans (although Yummy Sushi does rival it). Check it out now if you like sushi and haven't been here yet.Though lacking the interior glitz and glam of many other New Orleans sushi favorites, sushi brothers has quickly risen to the top of my list for sushi.  The service is prompt and attentive and the sushi is amazing and not overpriced.  Having been to pretty much every sushi restaurant in New Orleans, for now, if I do dare say, Sushi Brothers is the best sushi in town.This is the best sushi within walking distance -- for the price. Sake House is better, but more expensive (and kind of a lame atmosphere). 
I've eaten both at a table and the sushi bar, and have also had takeout a few times. Fish is fresh, ginger is great, wasabi is strong. All in all, it's a good go-to for sushi, but it's not going to make you sparkle with excitement.Good sushi options for not a bad price. I usually get salmon everything, and there were plenty of options for salmon preparations without all the American fried toppings and sugary sauces. The fish is pretty fresh too. The gyozi is delicious and poke salad were also good. I also like the swamp roll with crawfish. Overall I think the sushi is good for a good price.Nothing glaringly spectacular. Decent sushi, likewise service. Prices were a touch high, but nothing to gawk at. 
All in all, not bad... but not great. Just kinda blah.Another one of my favorite sushi spots in the city.  They have tasty fresh rolls at better prices than many other spots.  Try the chef salad, which is a heaping bowl full of combination sashimi, avocado, and spicy ponzo sauce. They also have a great variety of rolls.  It takes me a while to decide on what rolls to order, because they are so different.  I also love the complementary miso soup!!
The staff is friendly and very hard working.  I probably go here more often than any other sushi spot. and I eat sushi at least once a week!Such a great lunch spot if you work downtown.  I go here frequently with my coworkers and the staff recognizes and greets us when we come in.  We usually get the FEMA and House Special rolls.  I also like the LSU roll. We get great food and it's fast, which makes it perfect for  lunch during the work week.  Can't forget that there's free parking across the street with an attendant who directs you where to park.  I have never tried to park there and not gotten a spot for lunch. One of my favorite go-to places.They have some really large lunch specials here that give you a lot of food.  The sushi has never seemed like the best quality but it has never been terrible either.  Nothing has ever really excited or inspired me here and it has all seemed pretty basic.  They do have a parking lot that is across the street and it can be a bit of an adventure crossing St. Charles at that spot depending on the time of day.  Overall a decent spot for lunch and a good value.  I live really close to this restaurant but I've only been for lunch so I can't comment on how this place is for dinner.In the interest of full disclosure you should first know an important fact about New Orleans Sushi: its not bad but its not great. Sushi Brothers is one of those not bad but not great places in the city, but its service and its location make it well worth the 4 stars. Let me give you a play by play on my star allocation.
1 Star for location and parking (provided by them in a lot in the other side of St Charles)
1.5 Stars for their Sushi. I have not tried the big name "specialty" roll because I find them to be fattening and overpriced. What I have tried is their asparagus tempura rolls (which are cheap and delicious) and their spicy tuna (which I really enjoy). Also, their complementary miso soup earn them .5 just because its good and I like free stuff.
1.5 stars for service. the place is fasssst, the servers are nice and I have never had to wait for a seat.
Enjoy.Got take out - the Tiger roll.  It looked like the pictures that are posted.  It was delicious!  It was 16 and some change with tax, but it was worth it.   It was ready in about 10 minutes.  Will definitely go back! I found my sushi take out spot.Always good!
If I have the time to trek to St. Charles you better believe it will be for Sushi at Sushi Brothers. 
Food - The food always taste fresh. When you're serving sushi, even if you don't make the most appealing rolls the fish better be fresh. I have always found that Sushi Brother's is consistently fresh. If you like seafood try the Levee Roll. It's amazing and one of the few sushi restaurants that uses lump blue crab meat.
Service - The service is excellent you're greeted at the door. At your table your handed warm damp towels. I've always been given a free cup of clear soup. Finally, t he wait staff is very friendly.
Price - Price is decent for sushi. Expect to pay around 15-20 per person depending on your appetite. 
I'm definitely a fan of Sushi Brothers. If I could change one thing it would be to, some how, move the parking closer to the building. Not that it's far, but once I'm stuffed with sushi, I dread having to walk across St. Charles to my car.From the previous reviews, everyone seems to get different services. 
Sushi was decent price. They were super-saiyan size sushis. I normally could finish two appetizers and two rolls, but I was able to finish my appetizers and barely finish my first roll. The restaurant did give me and my friend clear broth soups on the house. Other than that, it was ok. 
Service is good. Sushi was mediocre. This would be my college-days spot to go for sushi.My experience here was awesome. Service was quick and courteous. Atmosphere a little brighter and more casual than other sushi places in town. Playlist for the evening included Top 40 type music.
Their sushi menu is extensive with an emphasis on specialty rolls, even their veggie roll is a little dressed up. Rolls are topical- "Bye Bye Katrina", "Levee Voice"- a nice local touch.
The real reason Sushi Bros gets 5 stars, is the Black and Gold roll. Coconut tempura shrimp, cream cheese, topped with mango and avocado. It's the best thing that happened to sushi since rice.
If only they had seaweed salad...!Sushi Brothers is my favorite sushi place in New Orleans. I frequently go to other places because it is primarily a sushi restaurant and often I am eating with someone that does not like sushi. The one thing I don't like is the lack of a soda fountain, they served canned soda and I $2 per can I usually pass.Great place for sushi for vegans and non vegans. Great service; quick and friendly. They could use a few creative options for vegans, but what they had sufficed. The normal sushi was well liked by my girlfriend, as was the miso soup.Fantastic service, awesome quality, family owned!!  The prices were amazing for the portion sizes. Loved it!!!I was so presently surprised at the service my girlfriend and I received we were immediately seated and waited on. Food delivery was speedy and the waitress was awesome. We even were given free soup on the house by our waitress. My overall experience at sushi bros was awesome and we will be coming again.This place gets two stars instead of one because they have been welcoming and good to me in the past. I have never just stood up and walked out from a restaurant before, and my last visit to sushi brothers, just that had to happen. It was a long time ago, and I haven't built up the courage to write this review, but here it is. I walked in with a friend to watch the LSUgame, we even called ahead to make sure they were showing it. We sat down together at a table both facing the TV, after being told to have a seat wherever we liked. Another gentleman came up and told us, please go sit at that table, this is reserved for ladies of 4. The 2 top he forced us to had one seat with the back up against the wall with the tv on it. We replied that we were comfortable where we are currently sittin and would like to order some food and drink. Note: THERE WERE ONLY TWO OTHER TABLES OCCUPIED AT THE TIME, it was 845 pm. He demanded we get up, even though there were about 6 or 7 other empty 4 tops, and exclaimed "you will sit where we tell you" at that point I collected my things and walked right out, politely noting to the server that I was a weekly customer who will NEVER bet returning.You will not find sushi at this quality anywhere else in the city!! Trust me I've tried. It is nice large sushi for so cheap! Not those little tiny rolls. Super friendly and very quick. Metairie Roll is my favorite.Yummy, Clean Fare during New Orleans' Mardi Gras month 
To be honest, I only set foot in here to find a clean bathroom, but hey I was hungry too! When we entered, we were seated in an orderly fashion. My sister got a few DELICIOUS rolls, and I got chicken yakisoba. Though smaller portioned than I expected, the yakisoba was flavorful and tasty. Next time I return, I will most likely invest into their tasty rolls.Pretty decent Japanese restaurant located on St. Charles. Just looking at the place for Lunch option, it might be a little bit on the pricier side compared to other Japanese joints. But the quality of raw fish and food in general are great. Despite the fact that it was quite packed for Lunch on Friday, they managed to take good care of us. We were a group of 6 and they did not have a table available right away so they asked one of the tables who just got seated to move to smaller table to accommodate us. We thank you for making the adjustment accordingly. 
My order was seafood salad or something like that and I must say this is way better deal than any other dish on the menu if you are a raw fish fanatic. Don't let "Salad" word fool you thinking that it is not going to fill you up! I was pretty shocked to see how much fish they gave me. it was around 12-13$ but you can definitely split this with someone as a appetizer while drinking sake. Other stuff on the menu looks about the same as what other restaurants can offer as well. Get Seafood salad!Me and a friend had lunch here, and while I have no complaints about my food, my friends order was a disaster. My friend ordered Spicy Tofu Soup, but they brought her Cajun Miso Soup instead.  When she pointed out that her order was  wrong, they played the part of "you ordered this, we did not get the order wrong". After a few words of explaining that she would never order Cajun Miso Soup because she doesn't eat meat, they finally bought her the soup she ordered originally. As she starts to eat the Spicy Tofu Soup she sees something weird, well it turned out to be weevils. So, again she brings it to there attention and they say, "no that's not what it is, it's a toasted sesame seed'. We both take a closer look at the two found in the soup and by no means was it  toasted sesame seeds or toasted rice, IT WAS WEEVILS because it had the little lines that made it obvious it wasn't rice or sesame seeds. They stood their ground and said no, "you're wrong" and didn't offer to take it off the ticket and she still had to pay for her weevil infested soup. Horrible customer service, the customer is always wrong at this establishment. I will never eat there again.I love Sushi Brothers very much. This is one of my favorite places to eat. The decor matches the theme dead on. I love the way that the sushi tastes and that you can actually see them making your food. The service is great because the waiters and waitresses are always friendly and it is very fast. The owner is also always there and always checks on you. I would definitely recommend this restaurantFair warning, this is my favorite Sushi place in the New Orleans area. This is where I make my family take me for my Birthday dinner every year. I try to think of other places but then I just say "Naaaah... I wanna go to Sushi Bros."
The 5 stars is for the experience as a whole. This review isn't about authenticity or bargain shopping or fancy time. Just yummy fun!
I almost always get the following:
Deep Fried Tofu Steaks
Squid Salad
Edamame
Black and Gold Roll (1 or 2 depending on if "others" are going to partake)
Another specialty roll like Volcano, FEMA, or Dragon 
I've never had a bad dish, ever. The staff has always been lovely. I haven't seen the kitchen but the dining room is very clean and inviting. We can always find parking in the lot across the street and have never had to wait for a table. These things combined make me very happy before, during, and after eating at Sushi Brothers. Yeah!After a two day road trip filled with fast food, Sushi Brothers was a pop of freshness and quality that left me and my daughters satisfied and happy. The clear miso soup was hot and yet still refreshing. Our rolls included shrimp tempura, veggie, spicy tuna, Metairie, and tuna/avocado. Each were high quality, unique in taste, and delicious. Best of all? The service was attentive and warm.Four  stars for the specialty rolls.  I wouldn't try the other items on the menu The restaurant itself is a nice comfortable size.I ate at Sushi Brothers for the first time on Saturday. I was amazed at how good the food was and how reasonably priced it was. My friend and I had three rolls, a seafood martini, steak tataki, dumplings and some kind of salmon salad. Everything was great. The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was fun. Parking wasn't too bad either. We parked a block away on the street.I want to love you. 
Nabeyaki: egg absent. 
Please use outdoor space. 
ヾ(＠ー＠)ノ
(^_)
*:.｡. o()o .｡.:*Always good, fresh and fast! Staff is friendly. Great place for lunch if you want to get in and out. Get the LSU Roll!i'll say it: this is now my favorite sushi spot in nola. you know, when i want to be classier than my usual standby of rouses. fresh fish. waitstaff is a bit pushy even when there is, like, one other table of diners. only downside: no fake plastic grass decoration that comes standard with my rouses fare.I feel like I have to come out and defend my place.  Sushi Brothers is (so far) the best sushi spot in the city.  The thing about sushi is everybody has their favorite spot.  So when it comes to new spots, people get defensive.  Well, this is my spot.  The FEMA roll and the Black and Gold Roll are awesome.  Good crawfish roll too.  Order that with an appetizer of Edamame or crab salad and you are good to go!!!!I ordered a poke salad and miso soup to-go...again.  The miso soup was $3.50!!  Kind of expensive to me.  But, smartly, the soup is packaged in an insulated to-go cup, so it was easy to drink on my drive home.  If the weather was cold or if I was sick, the soup would have totally hit the spot.  
I didn't open my order until I got home and was really disappointed to find the poke salad was only grilled bits of tuna covered in a mayo sauce and some avocado, not my idea of a poke salad.  Where was the eel and seaweed?I came here for dinner expecting to be totally impressed by the sushi here.  While the fish was fresh, a lot of the rolls had cream cheese in them and that's a deal breaker for me.  I did enjoy the Poke Salad which turned out to be way bigger than I anticipated.  That was a plus but filled me up as my partner got seafood gumbo to start with.   We left with leftovers which is unheard of.  The rolls were decent and cheap.  Not something I'd rave about to others but not a bad joint all in all.Good quality rice, fresh fish, and overall solid sushi. I had the midcity roll and the crawfish roll and both were top notch. I went on a weeknight, so it wasn't super busy and service was very quick. Price was pretty standard for a sushi restaurant.  Overall a solid dining experience, would probably visit again if I lived locally.Sushi Brothers prepares the BEST sushi i've ever had. So freakin' tasty. Place is small, so make reservations if you have more than, like, 3 people. Resonably priced.Great sushi! I've been to sushi brothers a bunch of times and have always been very impressed by everything I've gotten! I especially love their special rolls, which are good sized for the price! Some great rolls are the saints black and gold roll (with mango yum!) and the LSU roll! I love that they give you a complimentary clear soup with your meal! Make sure you know that they give you a free soup, since I one time made the mistake of ordering a miso soup, which was huge and $5!! Definitely recommend! One of the best sushi places in the city!
Food -- 4 stars
Price -- 4 stars 
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 4 starsWhile i'm not your typical sushi fanboy, I sure do lust for tempura.  So one night, the girls and I were starving and didn't have much to do (other than, you know, check in people for voodoo and halloween).  So we gave a spin of the wheel o foodies and came up with Sushi Bros. and I must tell you, I was not disappointed.
The tempura they had was top notch, and the beef teriyaki was definitely some good cow.  I didn't check to see how everyone else's orders were but they kept passing off the salads to me.  Apparently, they don't dig orange ginger dressing.  In any case, this is another one I have to reccomend.Definitely a good place for sushi in New Orleans. The fish is very fresh, it melts in your mouth. The prices are reasonable and a lot of them are very low like $4.75 and $5.50. The crawfish roll and crispy tuna roll are really good to try. Recommend this place for sushi lovers!Two new sushi places in a week!  Lucky me!
I had never been to Sushi Brothers, and I'm always eager to try new sushi places.  Seriously.  I think I want to review every single one in the city.
Anyway, we weren't super hungry when we ate here, so we only ended getting three rolls.  We got a crunchy dynamite roll, a cucumber roll and a special roll, the black and gold roll.
I won't bore you with the details of the crunchy dynamite and cucumber rolls.  They were good, and let's face it, that stuff is hard to screw up.  The black and gold roll was fantastic!  I can't remember what was in, except that it had cream cheese and it was topped with avocado and mango.  They said that it is their most popular specialty roll, and I can see why.  It is fantastic!  Don't be scared of the cream cheese, fish combo...it's really good!
I would definitely go back here.  I like that it has a more casual feel than a lot of other sushi places around town.This by far the best sushi place in New Orleans. The service and food are always excellent. I have tried many other places but always return here at least once per week. The black and gold roll rocks! As does the spicey crunchy roll! The price is also very reasonable. If in the mood for sushi would highly recommend this place.I ordered take out from sushi brother last night and there were ups and downs. I ordered miso soup, yellowtail roll, spicy tuna roll, tiger roll, and the Tulane green wave roll. 
The miso soup was way too salty I couldn't even finish half of it. But on the other hand, I loved the tiger roll and the Tulane green wave roll! The yellow tail roll was good and simple, but as for the spicy tuna roll... Not so much. I really enjoy spicy tuna rolls but this one was horribly rolled, oddly salty, and even though I love spicy food it was way too spicy for me.
I'll probably give Sushi Brothers another try, but the only thing I would ever order from here a second time would be the Tulane Green Wave Roll.Awesome food and nice atmosphere. From out of town and needed to fulfill my usual sushi cravings. Friendly staff and tasty food. Nice variety of rolls and the teriyaki chicken lunch special was delicious. Few sushi spots in the area and this one was a good choice for me!I've passed by this place dozens of times I've been  through the Lower Garden District. Never tried it for some reason. On my own for a lunch break while conducting a workshop in the area I decided sushi sounded good. Plus they have a parking lot. I immediately seated and served. Though it wasn't a busy lunch for them, I still appreciated the attentive service. Courses were served and water was refilled. The environment is clean and modern as you expect from a decent sushi place. 
I had the side salad and clear soup with my "sushi lunch." The dressing is a more traditional ginger (not mayo based). A bit thin for me. The soup was on par with every other clear broth version I have had. 
The lunch included snow crab roll, several pieces of fish such as tuna and salmon, and shrimp and a crab stick. All standard. Everything tasted so fresh. The snow crab was delicious. A generous piece of avocado and asparagus along with snow crab filling was amazing. Prices seem on par with NOLA and GOOD sushi. I would recommend this place.My favorite spot for sushi in the city.  The rolls are delicious and fresh and of course have clever names.  The service is excellent as well.  Highly recommended.We were walking down St. Charles looking for somewhere  to have dinner. We looked at menus in other places in the area and they were all pricey and didn't have a great selection. We were sold when we saw how many options we had! The service was remarkable & the food didn't take forever. Everything we ordered was great! I highly recommend the calamari roll & tofu.  It was the best tofu that I have ever tried!I expected NOLA to have great sushi because of all the wonderful seafood but that's not the case.  From reading reviews, looking at pics and menus - I really should have known better...poor hubby had to go along with me.  
Don't even know why I decided to check out this place.  The place was just 25% full and we were greeted by the host with "you want sushi bar or table"?  For some reason I opted for a table and he showed us the first small table for 2 right at the door.  When I looked around the room with all the empty tables and asked about them - he said for 2, this is the only table or you sit at the bar.  I should have turned around and leave, don't ask me why I didn't...we ended up at the bar.
We were given two hot towels that were rough and grey looking when it should be white.  Do you use it when it can be filthier than your hands?   Looking into the glass bins, there were only a few kinds of fish...  After ordering, we got the complimentary soup - clear broth w/ two thin slices of mushroom and few strings of noodles - why bother?
What we had:
amaebi - $5.5 - it looked promising but it was fishy.  the fried heads included the shell of the body.  Over fried.  
escolar - $4 - just way too much rice and it's so compacted, we just had the fish
scallop $4.2 - chopped and mixed w/ mayonnaise and tobiko - wish they would have noted that on the menu
yellowtail $4.25 
crunchy dynamite roll $4.95 - chopped tuna, yellowtail, salmon mixed w/ wasabi sauce and tempura batter
Metairie $4.95 - California roll w/ added tuna inside and teriyaki sauce on top
large Sapporo $5.95
rolls are popular and better because the mayo and all the fixings can mask any freshness (or the opposite).Went to Sushi Brothers for the first time last night and loved it! The off-street parking is very convenient. The fiod was excellent and the service was great.  The manager actually served us and he was so nice. I will definitely be frequenting this spot.Food was delicious and service was outstanding!!! I definitely recommend the spicy tuna roll and the fema special roll! We can't wait to go back!Not to bash on the other reviews, but this is not authentic Japanese sushi. It is the Vietnamese version of Japanese. Kind of like how Taco Bell is the American version of Mexican. If that is okay with you, then I think this is a good restaurant. Don't get me wrong, sometimes I crave Taco Bell. Especially late at night when my taste buds are searching for the greasy love of the burrito supreme. 
Anyways, about this restaurant. The service is fine, the restaurant is clean, the portions are decent, the miso soup is not miso soup.
Oh I'm feeling guilty for rating only two stars...
But I'm feeling the weight of the responsibility to offset the numerous five star ratings. Must. Post. Two. Stars.This place is great.  Is New Orleans famous for sushi?  No.  Am I a sushi snob?  No.  Is the food cheap?  I think so but I am not out there looking for 25c PBR deals so our standards may be different.  Is it clean?  Yeah.  Is the decor awesome?  No.  It's clean, and spacious and well lit, but you will not find thousand dollar paintings on the walls.  Does the service speak english?  Really?  Who cares, they are serving sushi, not hamburger and fries.  But seriously, most of them totally do and the ones who dont speak perfect english are actually quite comical to interact with.  The Food:  try the Special Brothers Roll if you like mayonaisse, avocados, tuna.  I also totally dig their very simple avocado and tuna salad.  I've had better, but it cost me an arm, so it makes it difficult to type now.  I'd rather eat at Sushi Bros.Ate here three years ago...these are the biggest rolls I've ever seen. Quality was fine for price point. Would def recommend anyone in nola.to.try it if in nolaI recently moved to Nola and had Sushi Brothers for the second time tonight. It. Is. So. Good. I got the yellowtail roll, mid city roll, special eel roll, and the uptown roll. All so amazing. I could get that combo forever, seriously. And the rolls come with only 6 pieces, but are of good size, so it works. Anyways, I appreciate fresh, raw sushi, so the simple yet amazing $5ish rolls are my new favorite. Don't change the prices!!!!! And I will keep on coming!!Wow... just wow. Small place with great service on St. Charles Ave... Truly outstanding food and service, very reasonable pricing. Really close to a five star experience... great Chirashi, a Tuna appetizer was perfectly prepared, with the right bit of spice that did NOTHING to mess with the flavor of the VERY fresh Tuna. Very warm day, brought me in thirsty, and despite draining 5-6 glasses of ice tea, the server never let me wait for long. I love this place (though I'm a really picky guy) and will seek it out the next time I'm in NO.Love how they are sooo family, friendly, and humble environment.
But the top notch about this restaurant (feel like a home away from home). 
No words can describe how great a your mom place to come to for family dinnerSushi Brothers is a solid place. The fish is always fresh. Best of all, they use lump crab meat. Do you know how hard that is to find here?? 
Sushi rolls: LSU roll is a must!!! FEMA roll, Saints Black & Gold roll, Volcano roll, and there are plenty more to choose from. 
Some other highlights of their menu: seafood spring roll, beef tataki, cajun miso soup, spicy tofu soup, tuna and avocado salad, seared tuna salad, and the snow crab salad with avocado.
On top of it the staff there is so friendly. The service is usually very prompt. It isn't the best sushi in the city (that title would go to Asuka on Earhart), but it is the best in the area over Hoshun, Sake Cafe, Origami, etc.This hidden gem is the perfect dine-in sushi spot. You get a hot towel when you sit down and are given a broth soup as a complimentary appetizer. There are a wide variety of rolls (even for punks like me who don't love raw fish) and their portion sizes are good for the price. 
The venue is kind of small but I have never had trouble getting a table. There's a cool sushi bar option for seating for those looking for less than a formal sit down experience. 
They have a take-out option as well. 
Finally, and most convenient is the parking lot across the street on st. Charles that is reserved for SB customers.Came here for my girlfriends birthday. The service was quick but could have been a little more friendly. I work in the food industry myself and a smile goes a long way. We ordered four rolls, all came out fresh and prompt.I mean at this point this is a bit unfair. I am a NOLA grown ex pat now living in London, but everytime I am home I go here. It is the best sushi in Nola by far. Friendly open place yes, but everything is fresh and moist and I love it. 
Always start with the tuna avocado salad, sometimes I stray to a squid salad. The sauce on the ta salad is amazing and I often dip other things into it. Who also can't beat free miso soup? No. One.
All the rolls are great, but I love the Sunshine roll when I want to go light on the rice and the bye bye Katrina when I'm going to bat. You cannot go wrong. Always ask for extra special Mayo!!!!!Everyone raves about Sushi Brothers and I can't figure out why. I am an avid sushi lover and work near Sushi Brothers. I have eaten from the restaurant 3 times and was disappointed each time. You can tell that they rush when making their food. I've gotten cold miso soup from the restaurant twice. They do not roll their sushi rolls tight enough. You can tell that they don't take their time cutting the sushi because you get different sized and rigid fish. The final straw for me was that my fresh salmon roll was crunchy. Not crunchy as in a Crunchy Roll, but crunchy as in "what in the world did I just bite into".Will not be back. Quite possibly the worst sushi rolls I have ever seen or tasted. Tasted like I was eating mayonnaise slop wrapped in rice!Very disappointed in the staff here. Their parking lot "detail" treated me like a criminal. I went in and asked a server to speak to the manager. He refused to let me talk to a manager, but the manager heard me ask a second time. I tried to explain the lot attendant's poor attitude, but the manager told me to hurry up and get to the point. So I did, and the manager told me the parking lot guy didn't have to treat me with respect. What kind of a business says that to a potential customer?  
They must stay in business by not allowing the staff to talk to the public. Shameful. You've lost my business for life.The rolls here are too small, and they put spicy mayo on every roll. I love spicy mayo, but not on all of my sushi! What I ordered is a special roll and it came out to be the size of the small rolls. It was a sunshine roll. Description clearly states: fresh salmon, yellowtail, tuna, bbq eel, snowcrab, avocado, smelt roe, and cucumber wrapped in soy paper (no rice). My thought: oh cool, contain so many things, must be huge. Imagine how stingy this place is by cutting all the items above into tiny pieces and wrapping them together to be a small roll. Fresh salmon roll was a disaster! How hard was it to make a typical fresh salmon roll. Obviously the ingredients are not good quality. Miso gumbo was not miso "gumbo". It was a miso broth soup with okras, one sliced in half shrimp, a piece of crab, salmon, and tons of tofu to fill up the bowl. With so many sushi joints nowadays, I will pass on this establishment. Two stars for attentive service and surprise complimentary clear soup. Two words: No good.Got here at 10pm and they said they were closed. Probably shouldn't have 11pm as your closing time.Eh. Decent prices. Mediocre service at lunch last week. Way too many mayo rolls. Ordered a sushi deluxe to go and was impressed by the amount of food, but disappointed that there was a really bad piece of tuna in it.Always fresh, always fast, always friendly.  
And after sitting next door at Tacos & Beer without so much as a glance from the staff after 15 minutes, I was so happy to walk in and have my drink order taken before I was even settled in my chair. 
The guys at the sushi bar will tell you about everything they're making if you ask them to narrate. I clearly come here often.I've been meaning to write a review for Sushi Brothers for some time.  This is my favorite sushi restaurant in New Orleans!  Granted, it is near my house.  However, I would gladly get in the car and drive there.  
I've dined in several times.  The service is always attentive without being too much.  They quickly serve you, then allow you to have a conversation in peace.
I more often get take out.  They always tell me it will be 10 minutes.  When I get to the restaurant between 10 and 15 minutes, my food is always ready on a table by the front door.
Their portions are generous.  I love the tofu and vegetable miso soup.  There's plenty of seaweed in it, which I love.  The edamame is always warm and very lightly salted.  I adore the fresh salmon sashimi, and they give you plenty of it.  As far as the rolls, they have so many good ones.  I'm partial to the special eel roll, the New York roll and the swamp roll.
The reason I'm giving them 4 stars and not 5 - they need to have a brown rice option with the rolls!  Please Sushi Brothers, give us the brown rice choice!Sadly because of eating at this established will not be eating sushi for a while, you could save your money and just go to a grocery store for better sushi. Let me explain:
1. Poor quality sushi / fish - coloring was off, appeared not to be fresh, cuts too large, use of imitation crab
2. Felt nauseated afterwards 
3. Suddenly became very gassyThis is the best and freshest sushi place I've eaten in Nola. I have been to several. I do get the raw fish rolls.l, usually not cooked or with tempura. The quality is very consistent and very fresh. I keep coming back even after trying the newest sushi bars in town.This used to be one of my favorite sushi restaurants in NO! The food is still very good, but recently they decided to using WaitR delivery service and are overwhelmed by the number of orders! I called in an order on Wed nite at 7:40. They said it would be ready in 30 minutes. I ordered and arrived at 8:15! I and 4-5 other customers who had placed phone orders did not get our food till after 9 pm, and that was after constant requests on status while we all waited in line for our dinner. During this time, no less than 10 of the WaitR delivery people came and went with multiple orders as we waited! I have been going there and recommending it since it opened on a regular basis! I will not go back nor will I ever recommend it to friends. There are plenty of other places to order from and pick up great food in NOLA!!Great place, great atmosphere and great food! Staff is impeccable. Never disappointed.We came here on a Wednesday around 5:30pm. Food and service were very good.  Our family of 3 was on a seafood kick so we ordered the squid salad, spicy seafood salad, squid steak, poke salad, an assortment of sushi rolls and some mochi ice cream for dessert.  Everything was freshly made (except the mochi) and was excellent.  Enjoyed our dining experience and would certainly come here again.  My only complaint throughout the evening was the pop music playing over the whole place.   Would've preferred instrumental Japanese music or something of the like.Delicious sushi, a wide selection of rolls that are $6 and under for those of us on a budget, and attentive service. Perfect!Great sushi!!  The place has a variety of sushi and the menu is extensive. I would say two pages of just sushi?? The group came here since Rock N Sake was packed! This place is WAY better than sushi places in Maryland. The rolls are huge and tasty. Its not plain like a lot of other sushi places. And the rice is fresh, especially since we got there around 11 pm!!  The prices are moderate. Also, their appetizer is great too. There service is also a plus!my favorite sushi place in new orleans but it's inconsistent. it's amazing about 3/5 of the time which i realize isn't all that outstanding but when tokyo bistro (former name) is on it's game ... it can't be beat. come here for the specialty rolls and the salmon-cream cheese tempura appetizer (no typos in that last one). it's rich, decadent and delightful. prices are more than reasonable.One of my favorite stops in Nola.  Sushi is fantastic.  Can't wait to come back!Formerly known as Tokyo Bistro, Sushi Brothers has evolved through the years both on the menu and the decor.  If you're one of those sushi people who don't really eat sushi but the Amerikanized rolls, this is the review for you because I eat RAW FISH.  In fact I always order the Seafood Martini.  This tasty treat is tuna, salmon, white fish atop "crab salad" served in, what else, a martini glass!  Perfection!  
The reason why I give it an "A-OK" is two fold.  The first is because they have two GIANT screen TVs in a small dining room.  Why do restaurant's feel the need to have TVs on?!  People are suppose to be dining and interacting with people.  Not watching mindless garbage.  The second reason is because the wait staff rushes you even if they aren't busy.  Don't understand why this happens.  
Alas, takeout is really quick.  I live in the neighborhood and often take advantage of this.  I can eat my sushi, watch what I want to watch and take my sweet a** time doing it.Can't find any good Sushi in NOLA. Tried this place...service was pleasant but not good. Sushi was palatable but lacked quality.
We had miso, edamame, 3 rolls, and a sashimi platter. The rolls used too much mayo and were rolled poorly. The quality of the sashimi passable, but they definitely hit the fish with too much vinegar and shorted you on the good cuts in favor of cheaper fish.It's hard to write with sticky rice all over your fingers...
If you're looking for great sushi in a great neighborhood, near great bars, at a great price... This is it.  See what I did there, "it's great".
Having lived in Japan; I got very accustomed to eating real sushi, and you know what... The sushi they make at Sushi Brothers is just as good.  Okay fine, it may not be the most glamorous place, but it does what it's supposed to do.  You get good fish without blowing your whole allowance.
If you're not a pretentious jerk, you'll have a good time...  But, that could be said for most any place.  So stop what you're doing, get in your rig and drive down to St. Chuck's street and stuff yo face.  Ya heard???I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food for a restaurant with a 3 star rating. It definitely deserves higher. Everything we had was fresh and delicious. We will be back.
Don't let the stars fool you this is worthy of a solid 4.5 in my opinion.We've been coming to this place since pre-katrina.  the menu changed with the ownership but it has always been reasonably priced with fresh product.
The tuna avacado salad with seared tuna and wasabi sauce is very good when they do the sauce right.Its sushi, its not the best its not the worst. 
They have a friendly staff and off street parking (The lot is across the street). 
The sushi is DROWNING in mayo based sauces though to the point of where every roll starts to taste the same... which always makes me a bit sad. 
I eat here when I'm heading to an event uptown and don't have time to go to Mikimoto'sI have tried most of the sushi restaurants in New Orleans and Sushi Brothers is still my favorite.  No frills, great prices, and delicious rolls.  The Black and Gold Roll and FEMA rolls are must trys!  The service staff works as a team, and I have received excellent service every time I have visited.I am always ordering for pick up. They are always extremely fast and have great quality! 
All the rolls are priced relatively fair. I can eat lunch there for less than six dollars. 
When I have dined inside, we have sat at the bar. Two of the "Sushi brothers" who work at the bar are always very sweet.My girlfriend and I love sushi and we love to try new restaurants. We both think this is the best sushi spot we have ever been to! The cajun miso was the best start to the meal, and the sushi rolls were beautiful & so delicious. Moreover, the service was great; Hau was our server and his energy, responsiveness, and suggestions were on point! To sum it up: I STRONGLY RECOMMEND SUSHI BROTHERS!Love this place! Complimentary clear soup. The dumplings are so light, hard to pass up. I don't do fish sushi so I love the crunchy roll and the rock n roll. One day I felt adventurous and tried the swamp roll and Louisiana roll. They both sound odd but they are both soo amazing. I love the contrast and vinegar of the okra! The boyfriends family loves the fish sushi and says it's the freshest in the city. They did a big platter for a family get together and it was demolished. Everyone was very impressed with the quality of the sushi.After hearing so many great reviews, I gave Sushi Brothers a try...and I was not disappointed! 
Everything was sooo good and fresh! I don't remember every roll we tried. I do know we had.... 
Saints Black and Gold 
LSU 
Levee Voice 
St. Charles 
Volcano Roll 
This is now my second favorite sushi place. Sake Garden in Mandeville still has my top spot...but now that I don't live on the North Shore anymore...Sushi Brothers will be my regular place.all sushi restaurants in the new orleans area is basically the same (at least to me). what made sushi brothers stand out is their desserts. fried cheesecake with red bean and green tea ice cream is amazingly delicious here.I love this place! Sushi rolls are a great size and fish is fresh. I love the sushi lunch for variety!Second time here. Friends rave about it. They are fast, polite and inexpensive.  Way better than Whole Foods or Rouses sushi in terms of price. 
Was in and out in under ten minutes. 
Staff is Asian. It's possible they are Japanese but I didn't ask. 
Ok just asked. They are Vietnamese. Learned to make sushi from some Japanese, though. Or so says the chef.My fiance and I went here last week or so and it was okay but could of be better. The place was so bright like a cafeteria and the bathroom was so filthy. I even saw roaches running around on the bar!  It also was very unpleasant to see the owner fussing and yelling at the workers when there are customers around trying to have a good time and enjoy their food. I literally jump when I heard him screamed.  He was also very loud and close to my face and checking up on us ( so uncomfortable). Over all the sushi was okay nothing spectacular but the service was not very good.I'm not a big fan of Sushi Bros. Their rice is really plump and too sticky for my liking. Have you ever been to someones house and had dinner, just to have their dinner taste like the smell of their house? That's how I feel about this place. Every roll pretty much tastes the same to me.Sushi Brothers is a favorite of mine, but I went there for lunch yesterday and there was a veritable brawl among the brothers. Yelling, pointing, stomping, more yelling. The embarrassed waitress apologized but also said they "were brothers" and "it happens all the time". One of the diners even yelled, "Hey, Shut up!". They paused for a second, then took up the yelling, finger pointing and stomping again. Thank goodness they only threw the knives loudly down on the counter and not at each other! And how grateful I am that there are no doors to be slammed, only cloth curtains to be ripped. My niece actually recorded it to play for her friends. Her response was the most funny..."Dinner and a show". Bottom line, though-they really need to get it together.Came here tonight for the first time, around 9pm with 2 buddies. It was pretty crowded.  The restaurant has a bright, clean and shiny atmosphere and we sat at the Sushi bar. I thought it was cool that the waiter brought us hot towels for our hands.  The free soup was pretty good, if a bit on the "thin" side--but hey, it was free.  I pretty much just tasted mine. The Sushi chef handed us our dishes almost immediately.  We had the "LSU", the "Mid-City", and the "Bye Bye Katrina" rolls.  They were awesome!   All the food was absolutely delicious and the salmon in the rolls was like butter. Double  YUM!  The waiter was very fast and nice.  It was a fairly young, diverse crowd. The only annoying thing was a baby screeching at a table near us, but that can't be helped.  The sushi was excellent IMHO, and I can't wait to come back to try other dishes and rolls. :)Excellent.  So many choices and fresh.  Each a work of art.  So much to choose.  The eel YUM.   Squid, tempura veggies, and crunch roll
 Huge portions, attentive wait staff.  Really lovelyI was expecting something less, I think, when I spotted this place on St. Charles. But I'm happy to say that it really, really sated my appetite for sushi while in NoLA. I did not go during Mardis Gras, so I can't speak to what kind of service you get when it's that crazy. I went in an off-season month. But I digress.
It was lunch time, and we wanted sushi. So we walked to Sushi Brothers. I didn't have a car with me, but noticed that the parking was across the street. Kind of inconvenient, but then, the trolley stops right in front of the place, so I can't really see why you would want to drive. 
The atmosphere was something like refurbished Mexican Missionary. A nice building, but not very fitting of Asian cuisine. I liked that it was open air, however. Huge bay windows and a patio allowing cool air to mix in with air conditioning.
We ordered, one plate of teryaki beef which came with soup and salad (wonton and ginger) and two specialty rolls. The Black and Gold Roll was out of this world delicious. I think it has just a hint of crack sprinkled in the sauce, because an hour later I was feeling pretty anxious to head back and order another roll. The other roll, the Spicy Crawfish, was excellent, but I felt that it could have been any seafood in there with the level of heat coming off of the roll. Don't get me wrong, I love spice, but I just appreciate it when it works with the food and not as it's own unit.
So why did I give this place four stars? Remember that teryaki we ordered? I hate teryaki. It's always sugary sweet, thick and syrupy, nasty nasty nasty. I didn't order this for me. But I tried it. And I freaking loved it. The meat was tender with a little pink in the center (which is how beef ought to be) and what I believe to have been braised in a house-made teryaki that had the right blend of savory and sweet.
The food is well prepared, the service is lightning fast, the view is pretty stellar, and you walk away content. That's worth a return visit for me.This is my favorite sushi place in New Orleans.  I always get takeout rather than eating in, but everyone there is super friendly and the sushi is really good quality (even according to my friend who spent a decade in Japan and is very snooty about sushi).  If they delivered, I'd probably order from them once a week.If I lived in NOLA I would eat here every single day. The fish here is SO fresh. You can literally feel the freshness when you walk in. 
We ordered the seaweed salad, spicy tuna roll, mackerel ginger roll and the midcity roll. Everything tasted amazing. You could tell how fresh the fish was after eating the mackerel ginger roll. The roll was not too fishy and yet you could taste the clean flavors of the fish. I would definitely recommend getting the midcity roll. It was on the sweeter side but very tasty! 
Complimentary miso soup was given to us. Our check total was only ~$23! Rolls are around $5-6 and you can get an even better deal if you come for lunch and get the lunch specials!Excellent prices, good rolls. Very fond of the asparagus tempura and the black and gold roll. 
Easy parking in one of the few lots on St. Charles, also right on the streetcar line.  Friendly, fast service.
That being said, I was not happy with the combating sports TV and tinny R&B music, both at high volumes, the used-up air fresheners plugged into the walls and the roach traps set very visibly in every corner. Might do takeout again, but my allegiance stays with Ninja!!!HORRIBLE. Eat anywhere but here. Ninja, Kyoto, Origami, anywhere.Normally, this is one my my preferred local sushi spots for lunch (in terms of proximity and price). That said...
Ordered the assorted roll dinner special... Does not state that any of the 4 rolls are 1/2 orders, even though the lunch menu makes this distinction. Basically got the equivalent to 3 orders of rolls (quantity wise) even though it states 4 on the menu. These aren't even expensive rolls we're talking about. When we brought this to the attention of the waiter, the manager wouldn't even see us to discuss this. Needless to say, the fact that the manager wouldn't even talk to us after requesting it is ridiculous. NEVER going back. Which is a shame, because the food wasn't that bad.I've been twice and the sushi quality is so fresh ! The service is quick and the staff are always so welcoming and nice! 
we got the FEMA roll, volcano roll and a poke salad. All delicious and the presentation is beautiful.First time being here. Nice atmosphere and the waiter was really nice and attentive. Came here with my sister ordered black and gold roll (because of the reviews I saw) and miso soup. The miso soup was great, loved the tofu. My sister got a complimentary clear soup with her order and also ordered smoked salmon and St Charles roll. All rolls were good. Presentation was excellent but kinda pricey. 8 pieces for $12.00.Will come again!This may be my favorite sushi place in NOLA. Dude, I go here like once every 2 weeks because its decently close to my work and my and my friends & co-workers love it. I have never once been disappointed. Everything is fresh, they have really good rolls, and the staff is super friendly. They also have good prices and friendly service, everything rolled (hee hee!) into one great package. 
My favorites are the House Special Roll, the Metairie roll, and the Green Wave roll.If you're looking for hibachi grills with animated chefs, sexy Asian decor with dim lighting and a rotating sushi bar.... this is NOT your place.
I had never heard of this place until last night while texting a friend where we should go for dinner/drinks. Her text went as follows: 
"*other sushi bar* has a better atmosphere & cuter with a better selection. Can be a bit pricey. Sushi brothers has cheaper wine and better tasting sushi."
Of course, I went with the cheaper wine and better tasting sushi.
When I got there there was a bit of a wait (it was Friday night). They told me 30 minutes, but by the time my party arrived (about 15 minutes), they were ready to seat us.
This place is not cute at all. Harsh, unsexy lighting, plain tables and chairs, and a simple-looking sushi bar.
But really, who cares when they have good $4 wine?! and AMAZING sushi. I had a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon, and we also got some hot sake to share.
I judge my sushi bars by the tuna. If the tuna is fresh in taste texture, then they have a fan for life. Well, I got a special roll called the Tulane Green Wave Roll, or something like that. And while I HATE when they name rolls after sports or other weird things (there was a FEMA roll. why?), the roll was DELICIOUS. There was crabstick, asparagus, avocado inside, and tuna on top with lime. Didn't so much like the lime (i took it off), but the tuna had a wonderful texture and great fresh taste. I really enjoyed it.
If you're willing to forgo a trendy atmosphere for some good sushi rolls and cheap wine, then this is a great place to go.I'd like to mention that even though I've moved from New Oreleans and have had my fair share of sushi all around the US, Sushi Brothers is still my favorite sushi place ever.  I miss you, Sushi Brothers. I have yet to find a place in Chicago that will make me as happy as you do.Sushi Brothers is great.
Located across the street from Hoshun, I didn't even know this place existed until I searched Yelp for nearby sushi restaurants. There were several great reviews from Yelpers I trust, so I knew this would be the place to go. 
Since it is on St. Charles Ave., I was worried parking would be difficult. Fortunately there was a large lot across the street reserved for Sushi Brothers customers.
Inside the restaurant is attractive. There was a large sushi bar and 20 or so tables which were spaced far enough apart to allow for private conversations.
After reading reviews I knew I had to try the special black and gold roll. We ordered it along with salmon sahimi (my favorite) and the tiger roll (specialty roll). Our meals came with free miso soup which was very good. 
When the salmon arrived I was a little concerned. the pieces didn't look as cleanly cut as others I have had. Some pieces had a jagged edge, but once I tried it, I knew it was very fresh, and very good.
The specialty rolls were incredible. While the black and gold was as good as others have said, the tiger roll was amazing. It is in the top three rolls I have ever tried. I highly recommend it.
Service was acceptable, but not great. I attribute that to the lunch rush, but our server could have been more attentive. 
I really liked Sushi Brothers. While Hana remains my favorite for now, Sushi Brothers may surpass it since it is closer to the area I frequent.Good sushi all the time. I ve had better sushi but the sushi here is always satisfying. The value is the best, very very fair pricing. I recommend the crawfish roll, the spicy mayo they use is awesome.I am surprised that this restaurant only has 3.5 stars overall.  This is one of my favorite places for sushi. I can understand - it may not be for everyone bc they are a little heavy on the mayo in some of their rolls, not all, but it is always very fresh. The service is impeccable.  The menu offers tremendous variety. Parking is easy with the lot across the street. Best of all, the prices are great!  I have tried many of their non-sushi offerings -- nothing on this menu has disappointed me. I think the last time that I ate here my server's name was Hau T -- 5 stars for him. He was so accommodating and polite.Another Nola favorite.
Beautiful presentation.
Courteous and accomodating staff. (Hot sake to go, sure, in Nola!)My experience was not too great with Sushi Brothers.  We noticed  everyone in the restaurant had a complimentary soup. I had even read on yelp that they do this. So we ordered our beers and waited and waited and waited. When no one came with soup (which i assumed was miso), we thought maybe we needed to ask, so we ordered two miso soups.   What arrived was two large bowls of miso soup with veggies and tofu. I asked the server about it and she said that the complimentary soup is really just broth. Ok, how are we supposed to know? We've never been here before. The sushi did not taste fresh and the rolls were more rice than fish. Won't be going back.Excellent sushi and fabulous service. The rolls were as delicious as they were inventive. I will certainly be back!After eating at several sushi restaurants, it's hard to be surprised anymore.  Sushi Brothers did just that.  Aside from the usual nigori, sashimi and basic rolls-- this place really knows how to throw together some original rolls.  I'm usually pretty wary about trying house specialty rolls-- sticking to the tried and true basics of sushi-- tuna nigori, yellowtail sashimi, eel.  Most places just throw together ingredients that are delicious on their own, but as a team the flavor personalities of those ingrediants just don't mix.
I decide to be adventurous tonight and was delighted by the complimenting assortment of flavors laid before me.
I ordered my usual hamachi kama to start off the meal.  For the uninitiated, this is the cheek of a yellowtail tuna, chargrilled, so on the outside you get crispy salty skin and on the inside is flaky, tender deliciousness.  It hard to go wrong with hamachi kama at any sushi place-- but this one was a large portion, perfectly charred-- only black on the fins.  Almost perfect-- I would've added some minced daikon on the side.
The Levee Voice Roll (fittingly) looked like a daunting dish to consume upon its arrival.  The large roll of creamy crawfish was encased in rice and seaweed and topped with blue lump crab meat and a wasabi mayo.
The Saints Black and Gold Roll was the real champion of the evening.  The texture of the slick mango played perfectly well off the crispy coconut shrimp, fresh avocado and tobiko caviar.  I loved the mix of textures.
The servers can kick it up a notch.  Service is not horrible, but it seems like the servers are so routine in the way they handle guests that they don't let their personalities shine.  It seemed a little robotic: oshibori, take order, bring plates, bring food, take away plates, drop check, no conversation what so ever.  I don't want to know about their lives, but a roll suggestion or asking me how everything is would be nice.
Sushi Brothers is the best sushi in New Orleans  because of the quality of their ingedients and the ingenuity of their chefs.Late on a Sunday night, I was hungry for sushi and several of my regular spots were either closed or I wasn't in the mood. And even though Sushi Bros has been in this location forever, I'd never tried it. So here's a run down of some of what we ate.
The good: the yellowtail roll was delicious and well balanced. The geisha girl roll was huge and really grew on me (but we asked for it without the eel sauce; I'm really not a fan of drowned in sauce.)
The OK; the Louisiana roll needed more pickled okra.
The bad: poorly cut red snapper sushi. Seriously how do you make red snapper that tough?
Pricing was good so I might go back but I would stick with rolls and not sushi in the future.
The staff was attentive and refilled our water/iced tea glasses several times. The ambiance is attractive.This place has now become my favorite sushi spot in the city. Yes I still love Rock n' Sake and Wasabi....but I think the prices and variety of rolls at Sushi Brothers beats them. 
All of the different rolls I have tried have been exquisite. I highly recommend the Saints Black & Gold Roll.... mango, avocado and coconut shrimp tempura?! Melt in your mouth goodness!! The Special Brother Roll is another great one. Sushi Brothers has many specialty rolls to choose from, as well as the usual standard fare. I am not as impressed by their Miso Soup, but the rolls make up for it. 
They play great music at their location, but it is at a comfortable volume, so you can still hear the company you are with. 
I haven't dealt with any unfriendly staff there, but I'm sure everyone sometimes has an off night. 
Parking is free in a lot across the street. Their location is in a great spot right off the Interstate on St. Charles Ave. 
Looking forward to my next visit there!Well, it's almost been a year later and we're back in NOLA.  This time, we found a hotel on St Charles Ave and, lo-and-behold!, just a couple blocks down but one of our favorite sushi places!!
Once again, we were blown away with how good the food, the service, the restaurant, the overall experience was that we ate there two nights in a row!
We had the tempura appetizer to start.  Light, crispy, NOT greasy vegetables and shrimp.  Delicious!  The broccoli still had a little crunch to it, the sweet potato was perfect.  VERY well done!
The two nights we were there, we had the St. Charles Roll, the Volcano Roll, the Brother's Roll, and the Shrimp Tempura Roll.  All came looking like art-on-a-plate.  Fresh, flavorful, just perfect sushi.
The service is top-notch.  You're greeted at the door and given a hot, moist towel to clean your hands, the glasses are never half-full before they're refilled, the plates are cleared away and always with a smile and every courtesy.
I live in S. Texas so, NO, I don't work for Sushi Brothers.  I would like to adopt them, though. They do it right.  Can't wait for our next trip!I don't understand the reviewer who seemed upset by the fact that her Tulane Green Wave roll at Sushi Brothers "actually had sliced lime on it" - it's unexpected touches like that that make Sushi Brothers my favorite sushi restaurant in New Orleans. (Plus, each of their rolls is described clearly on their menus. What was she expecting?)
True, the restaurant doesn't have the best ambiance: there's always some awful techno/dance music blaring too loudly and the two flat screen televisions on opposite walls of the dining room can be distracting. But once your food comes, you won't be paying attention to anything else. These are some seriously creative and delicious rolls: aside from the aforementioned Green Wave, the Saints Black & Gold (with mango and black roe) and Geisha (lots of delicious eel-y goodness) rolls are particular faves. But you really can't go wrong with any of their specialty rolls. There's even a whole bunch of only-in-New Orleans combos like the FEMA Roll and the Bye-Bye Katrina Roll, which are great conversation pieces if nothing else.
Sushi purists may balk at some of the more outré combinations here, but the couple of times I've ordered some of the more sedate sushi and sashimi selections they've all been fresh and tasty. There are also some decent if not spectacular fish-free entreés available, if you're into that sort of thing. But those amazing specialty rolls really are the main reason to come here.
The young waitstaff is invariably attentive and friendly. Oh, and they also happen to pour some seriously strong cocktails ... which might be one reason this place seems popular with the Tulane and Loyola set (all of whom are of legal drinking age, I'm sure.) If you're looking for a quiet place to take a date, avoid this place on the weekends at all costs. But if you want to taste some of the best sushi New Orleans has to offer, you can't go wrong with Sushi Brothers anytime.I ordered the saints black and yellow roll, the uptown roll, and white tuna sushi with 2 Asahi beers.  Way more than I could eat and got outta there for under $40. The crab in the uptown roll was totally understated compared to the other ingredients, so in the future I'd want to get sushi with just the crab, because it was amazing.  The saints roll was wonderful, and the white tuna was very good, although my least fave of the 3. My waiter was not awesome, but got the job done.I am an absolute sushi lover.  This is some of the best sushi in the city.  It's in a very convenient location right on Saint Charles and they even have their own parking lot right across Saint Charles from the restaurant which is a nice perk.  Whether your in the French quarter or uptown it is easy to get to. They also have a security guard who is there to make sure only customers of the restaurant park there which is great so there is always space. Just a heads up-if you park there and don't go to the restaurant, they will tow your car.  
The menu has your standard rolls on it but they also have a ton of specialty rolls. I've had so many different ones and never been disappointed.  They also serve miso soup to everyone who comes in and that is one of my absolute favorites.  On top of that, the service is really good and they bring you a hot towel to clean your hands before you eat which is a nice touch.  They can get relatively busy, but the food comes pretty quickly and like I said before the food is always good. I highly recommend them if you're craving sushi!I at here last night, yet again (and again and again and again...). I had another great experience here. I just can't get enough of this place. Again, don't miss the Tulane Greenwave Roll. Also, their Tuna is amazing, and the smoke salmon is really really tasty.OKAY.  Anyone who knows me knows I know my s-word when it comes to this place.  In one line: it's a casual (sake bomb tolerant, TVs..) sushi place with bizarre pop music that is too loud but they serve good sushi at reasonable prices.  I've been here 8 years and tried all the others in town but I always return to SB.  My rolls:  Metairie, Mid-City, Special Crunch, Dragon.  And get the Spicy Sesame Chicken appetizer if you're a male from the south (fried chicken strips with ambiguous sauce from heaven).  Also, they serve a complimentary clear soup that, if I'm found down or dying of exposure, give me an IV bolus of it and I'll probably perk right up.  Also can be poured on wounds.  They also have a Cajun Miso soup if you like that HEAT.One of my favorite sushi spots in New Orleans. Period.
Renamed from Tokyo Bistro(?) I believe it was called, it went under new management under two Vietnamese brothers. I lived a few blocks away on Saint Charles Avenue and I always ate lunch here with my friends and always got takeout when I had a sushi kick. This place is pretty popular with the Tulane/Loyola kids - being a Loyola student myself - the atmosphere is pretty loud and a little cramped. There was no more than about 12 tables, a sushi bar, and a bar that made pretty strong drinks. 
I ordered the Geisha roll (which seems to be #1 most popular roll here since EVERYBODY raves about it) the standard spicy crunchy roll (which to this day and age, is the only "spicy" sushi roll that is ACTUALLY spicy. They use sriracha which is a potent chile sauce) Green Wave roll, and the standard philly roll. I'm not an adventurous person when it comes to sushi - I highly dislike large chunks of fish in my sushi. I'm one of those people who don't like eating fish unless it's prepared a certain way.  
Pretty moderately priced but the bill can get up there if you choose the fancier rolls. Service was friendly and by a young staff. They always remember me because I have an obsession with ordering their spicy crunchy rolls nearly once every week for the past year. What can I say? I like my sushi simple and americanized. 
Parking kind of sucks though but that goes for anything on Saint Charles that doesn't have their own parking lot. I have no trouble finding a spot on a weekday night but come the weekend it's kind of a bitch.One word... AWESOME!! This is the first time I have been here and was very surprised to find this wonderful place in New Orleans. The fish was very fresh, the rolls were unique and the service was outstanding. I travel weekly and eat at a lot of sushi places, and this is my new favorite place!! It was affordable for a sushi place with the little extras like the hot towels and the complimentary soup. I would definitely recommend this to all.I am in love with Sushi Brothers! Their sushi always tastes so fresh! I have had their Geisha Girl roll, Dragon roll, and Volcano roll. Their complimentary soup always gets me prepped and ready to enjoy my meal. I am never afraid to try a new roll here because everything is just so delicious. I may have said in another review that I found my go to sushi spot, but that was before I discovered this gem!Our Lyft driver recommended this place. Food was OK at best, the crab was rubbery and doused with mayo. The server was nice, but as we were there close to closing time, they were quickly trying to shut down and one of the employee ended up yelling at us that they were close and we needed to leave. That certainly showed the character of the place. We won't be coming back.Sushi was extremely good, the specials are outside rolls over inside rolls. Fills up real fast, real value for money.I love this place. I'm no sushi connoisseur so I have no idea if this is "good" sushi, but to me it's delicious. The prices are reasonable, and I love the special rolls. Their spicy crawfish roll could be a little better, but that's my only complaint. Also-- the service is great. What more do you need?Fun fact: I will never turn down sushi. I have missed flights for sushi. 
Now, granted, I'm no connoisseur; I'm just your average sushi-guzzling troglodyte so I don't know the fancy frou-frou stuff from the basics so I keep things simple. I'm also rather fond of simpler rolls and sashimi instead of the 18-things-and-the-kitchen-sink style rolls. Sushi Brothers trends towards the many-things-in-one-roll style sushi, and I know nothing about that. The names of all the fancy little rolls are cute, though. (Levee Roll? Goodbye Katrina Roll? Green Wave Roll? Yes, yes, and yes! Cute.) But they do the simple things well. The asparagus tempura roll is beyond delicious! I've even had good luck with requesting my favorite roll off-menu. (Try it sometime: sunshine roll. It's avocado and lemon, maki-style.) 
The portions are more than generous so my darling and I often share one of the dinner specials, and we both walk out with happy tummies. The melon is a nice touch in my book, too. 
As for decor, we're not talking about anything sultry. This is much more like Ikea Does Japan...and I love Ikea so I think this is a positive direction to head. It's a small (loud) space stuffed with tables and paper lanterns and that sort of thing. The two large tvs unnerve me a little bit, but I suppose that's a fact of modern dining. I'm far more interested in the rope columns than in the televisions. 
Generally, the clientele of Sushi Brothers is what sends me across the street to Hoshun. At any given time, I am made to feel like a terrible damper because a fat girl showed up to the Beautiful People Party. (It's true; the diners at Sushi Brothers are generally very attractive.) Just tonight, several young women wearing the gear of their private high school gave me very nasty looks for entering their chosen dining establishment. Ouch. I have to steel myself before entering and remind myself that fat people's money spends the same as Kate Moss'. (Nevermind the fact that Kate Moss has so much more of it.) 
In short: I don't understand the love for Sushi Brothers, but I don't understand the hate, either. It's perfectly acceptable and more entertaining if you're damn gorgeous. 
Accessibility notes: tight ramp means some mobility devices may have difficulty. Doors open outwards. Space gets very loud. No braille menu or signage. Tables are placed very close together.Poor service. Ok sushi. We accidentally ordered the wrong roll by writing a one on the wrong line of the menu. I told the manager what happened and asked if we could change the untouched roll. He said no and I inquired why. Instead of rationally explaining, the manager got increasingly loud until every patron in the restaurant was staring. It was unprofessional and made everyone uncomfortable. Would not return.This is one of my regular go-to places for sushi. I've been coming here since it was the Tokyo Bistro 10 years ago and whereas some other sushi places have gotten a lot worse, this place has only gotten better. 
Interesting original rolls,  and good quality fish add up to an all-around positive experience. 
Ambiance-wise, well, it's not exactly zen. There are a lot of TVs showing whatever game is on, techno music going most of the time, and occasionally the wait staff is, well, a tad bit overly-diligent in their bussing. Last time we were there they grabbed the plate from in front of me while I was still chewing on the last roll, even before I could put the chopsticks down. Lucky for them we thought it was truly comical and made a joke of protectively grabbing onto our chopsticks and sake cups to prevent them from being whisked away. 
As for the food:
Swamp roll = spicy, crawfishy, seaweed-salady deliciousness
Levee Voice roll= creamy wonderfulness
Black & Gold Roll = black tobiko & mango & coconut battered shrimp. It's like dessert sushi num-nums. 
Cajun Miso Soup = a generous bowl of savory miso broth, kicked up a notch, if you will, by some peppery spices and served steaming hot filled with large pieces of salmon, crawfish tails, and vegetables. I regularly order this and a crawfish roll as the perfect takeout dinner. 
The seared Tuna & Avocado Salad is my go-to appetizer that I get every time I go to the restaurant. It's simply a pile of seared tuna chunks in ponzu with slices of avocado and a really nice creamy sauce. 
And I don't know anywhere else in the city where I can find Poke Salad, which I fell in love with when I was in Hawaii several years ago. 
So yes, there are places with better decor, like that big flashy Chinese/Japanese joint across the street on St Charles, but the actual food at Hoshun sucks big-time (lousy sushi & they can't even make a decent hot & sour soup1)  After giving it two chances and feeling like I wasted my money, I'll never go to Hoshun again when Sushi Brothers is across the street happily making consistently great-tasting sushi.I like it a lot.  Great prices on the dinner combos and wonderful service.  Wonderful neighborhood place.  I will go back for their crunchy rolls again and again!I was actually iffy about this place. We came in for alcohol since we had a long wait for Blind Pelican. I work for a sushi restaurant back home in Texas and I'm very picky with my fish. 
Table of 8 of us come in to mainly drink but we all love sushi so we gave it a try. Kinda like an appetizer before we eat oysters, haha. I got up to see the sushi bar and what they had to offer, and to me, the salmon and tuna looked the best. That's what I really care about, mainly just salmon honestly. I ordered large hot sake (good price), an order of salmon nigiri, ikura (salmon roe) nigiri, and masago (smelt roe) nigiri. The fish and rice ratio was more than enough. Big thick slices of salmon part on a ball of rice that wasn't too much.   Put some wasabi in between the salmon and rice - yummy! My friends ordered some rolls - Philadelphia and Spicy Tuna Roll. Again, not a lot of rice (that really matters you know) and lots of fish. Rolls were fairly big for simple rolls. Spicy Tuna tasted great! 
Service was great! Attentive staff, really nice. Ambiance is quiet, nice decor. Good experience overall! I would definitely come back or recommend to people.Yum! This is the best sushi that I've had in New Orleans. I've had a wide variety of their rolls as well as their tempura and have yet to be disappointed by anything. My personal favorite is the sushi brothers roll... mmmmm. Service is really friendly and efficient, which makes both eating in and take out an enjoyable experience. The ambiance is perfect for anything from dining with a group of friends to a casual date. Nothing but great things to say about this place!My cousin and I settled upon Sushi Brothers one night because we wanted sushi and a television (to watch the Saints game, natch) and this place delivered. It also delivers creative rolls at good prices, especially given its St. Charles Ave location.  
My favorite rolls were the ones that took advantage of local ingredients, such as the Louisiana roll with pickled okra and crawfish tails.  Quite a treat! The Black and Gold roll was also tasty, and included mango.  Rolls range between $3.75, for a basic veggie roll, to nearly $13 (that one has tuna, crab, salmon, and roe).  The fish and veggies were fresh and the rolls were well prepared.
It's relatively roomy (though not terribly interesting, aesthetically speaking), and we had no trouble getting a table on a Saturday night. 
The menu also features Teriyaki, noodles, soup, etc., but I can't speak to any of that. Suffice to say, there are choices for the non-sushi-eaters in your group.
The waitstaff is cheerful, helpful, and the right amount of attentive. They also enjoyed rooting on the Saints that night.Good sushi and very affordable. Loved the crawfish and pickled okra roll. Very friendly staff and enjoyed lunch here.Food is ok. Service is bad and owner is so rude, not professional. Terrible experienceLooked this place up and well the rumors were true. This place so sooo outstanding! Our server Juan was really great with everything and our food was out great! And oh man! Just the flavors were outstanding def coming backGreat fresh wasabi! Get it. It's actually the real deal. But they close at 10 am on Sunday despite their Yelp info, just FYIGreat service. Food was great! Sake was great as well, lychee flavor! I loved my rolls, they were all great! Our waitress was nice as well!The service is really good. The rice to fish ratio is quite fair and if you get just nigiri they give you an awesome portion of fish to rice. 
The bamboo decor goes very well with the restaurants themeBest Sushi in the city!
Amazing service. Just insanely fast getting your food out. The fish always tastes fresh.I don't know what happened on this night, because I see the other positive reviews, so I want to keep it nice here cause I'm in a good mood today. But I'd expect this type of sushi if I was to make sushi at home while drunk. For example the avocado roll, consisted of a chunk of avocado pushed into the center of some mushy rice and slapped on a plate. I don't think the avocado ever met the blade of a knife. Needless to say there was no-need for a to go box, because it only should go in the trash. On a positive note, the people there were very niceDined here recently at a friends request due to it's proximity to the Zeitgeist. 
Pros: 
-most of the fish was fresh
-our server was very friendly, albeit forgetful
-dynamite crunchy roll was good
-
-
-
Cons:
-very grumpy, unfriendly, sushi "chefs"
-salt water soup was unappetizing
-way too much (mushy) rice under the sushi nigiri
-the scallop in the sushi seemed like it was just out of the freezer (I've never had seafood that cold before).
-far too much mayonaise on everything (if you are a mayo lover, you'll be in heaven here!)
-tried to make us pay for our appetizers as we were leaving even though we never received them and said we did not want them anymore as we were late for an engagement. 
The dynamite crunchy roll was the only thing I enjoyed. I always feel bad writing negative reviews, but I want to express my view..  I would recommend Ninja on Oak St. any day of the week, and have heard good things about Origami.
P.S. One of my Japanese friends told me to stay away from here, but this is another J-f's go-to spot (but she lives right next to it..) ?Black and Gold all day!  Fast service, delicious sushi!This place is a gem. Never packed so you can always get a table and even with 9 other parties in the restaurant I got my food within 8 min of ordering! Fast and delicious. I got the saints black and gold roll and didn't even use the soy or wasabi - it was that good. And I love soy sauce. They serve a complimentary soup as you wait which is a nice touch. The service was spectacular and kept my water filled - and I drank a lot! Very attentive and friendly. Will definitely return. Sooner than later too.Hands down the best sushi in New Orleans. Not only is it the most delicious, but the roles are huge and prices are low. The only place I'll easy sushi in the city.This place is awesome! Great staff and fantastic sushi. My friends and I try to eat here once a week. I love pizza sushi and Mexican food. This is my go to sushi spot! Staff is always in a good mood which my dinning in way better. Can wait to eat sushi again