My last full day in New Orleans and I HAD to come here!! Came in the pouring rain too!! I really wanted some authentic New Orleans style food (yes... it's still authentic if it's vegan, I don't care what you say! Lol!) Jamone was nice enough to give me a little taste of everything, so I could pick. That just made it harder, because I wanted it ALL!!. I'm telling you,  there is no bad choice here. Everything was SO good and flavorful!! And the bread pudding was the topper for me! I would be a regular if I lived out here! Do yourself a favor and come try this place. Come hungry too, so you can have it all, like me!  Oh...and the other great thing.  This is one vegan place where they give you a TON of food without emptying your wallet!!! Amazing food and service!!Bread pudding... AHHHH-MAZING!!! The best I've ever had!
Also had the eggplant lasagna and greens; very good and super filling!WOW!!!!!! So delicious! Comfort vegan food! Great portions! Full of flavor! Definitely will come back!Definite 5 stars...went with a meat eater...people are great...owners are really nice.
Okra: really good
Red beans: really good
Sweet potato: really good
Fried cauliflower: only thing better is Popeyes...this was awesome
Portobello mushrooms: I didn't love them, but I'm not a big mushroom person
Potato salad: good
Iceccream: really good
Seating is a little tight, but all good.I've been here a bunch of times!  I have never had anything that wasn't Absolutely delicious.  As more and more options open up to vegans and vegetarians I see this place being a definite mainstay.  My favorites are their jambalaya, fried cauliflower, and bread pudding.  My four year old LOVES the Mac and cheese!  Don't forget to save room for the ice cream!First of all....the service was awesome. Second of all, WOWWWWWWWWWW!!! The food was AHH-MAZZZZZZZZING! And I'll def!! Be a repeat customer here! I'm SO excited about this vegan restaurant . My FAVORITE vegan spot HANDS DOWN. Not to mention , no tofu or soy products. I had the stuffed pepper, Mac n cheese, greens, and cauliflower and omg was it delicious(and I'm a harsh food critic too btw). Giving credit where credit is due. BRAAAAAAAVOThis is excellent vegan soul food, with a menu that changes daily. The bread pudding, white beans, and okra gumbo are all really special. Everybody is friendly and you can tell they live what they do.It was OK but I won't be back. They treat their white customers waaayyy better than their Black customers, and keep in mind the owner and all the staff are Black. I walked in behind two white guys and the lady serving the food explained to them with great gusto the food options of the day. Another lady passed by and joked with them. It's my turn and I'm excitedly expecting the same treatment. The lady serving the food looks at me with a bored look on her face and mumbles "what do you want." I was taken aback, I had never been there before so I asked her to tell me what were the dishes of the day. She wasn't helpful at all and didn't recommend anything. While I was eating my food, it became even more apparent that the Black ladies were treating the white customers much better than the Black customers. White people would walk through the door and they were greeted. Black customers, including myself, walked through the door and we got zero greetings. They were also super friendly and jokey with the white customers. In general it was a very awkward experience because I felt like even the white guys were looking and noticing the very different treatment I was getting. As a Black woman, it was not a welcoming experience at all. It was so unwelcoming that I won't be back. Quite embarrassing.
With regards to the food, I was not impressed at all. It was all very OK. The flavors were OK. The ice cream was too sweet and not creamy (I got the praline ice cream). I prefer for my food to have more texture. Everything was sort of mushy--bread pudding, grits, mac & cheese, and okra gumbo. Didn't feel like I was getting too many vitamins. Plus, it was hard to believe it was all vegan. Would help if they listed the ingredients in their dishes.Food was pretty good.  I had the eggplant lasagna and curry veggies.  I thought it might have been a little pricey considering it's not made to order and more like cafeteria style served.  I paid almost $9 for the two.  Parking kinda bad, but I will be going back.Vegan soul food was absolutely incredible.  Sure to satisfy your hunger. Highly recommend.I had the greens, stuffed bell pepper, bread pudding and mac and cheese.  I also had the berry juice (don't remember the exact name of it).  They also let me try some samples.  The food was flavorful and good. They are very friendly.  I will definitely go back.  I was also told that they post their menu on instagram, so you can go on there if you want to know what they have daily.  Oh another thing if you're trying to call their number they are having some phone issues at this time (I was told that yesterday).Very satisfying vegan food prepared with some home style... 
I especially liked the nachos and would have them again!The food is delicious and very flavorful-would definitely fool a non vegan!  I had the red beans & rice, mac & cheese, jambalaya, mixed veggies, and cornbread!  The young men behind the counter were very nice, and I was also able to sample brfEverything about this place is awesome! Amazing flavours, lovely family atmosphere and great traditional Soul Food dishes that you'd never know were vegan (Mac n cheese, jambalaya, gumbo, bread pudding!) I've been waiting for somewhere like this to open up in New Orleans! Can't  wait to eat there again, thanks Chetwan!I got the pick 3! Had the stuffed pepper , jambalaya and blackened cauliflower  OMG ! Absolutely delicious .... truly food from the soul !I was hesitant to try this place but y'all, I think I found my favorite neighborhood joint. The food is phenomenal and everyone who works here is really friendly and helpful. Pro tip: their bread pudding is magical.Mushroom grillades on grits?!?! Incredible. Huge portions and good selection. Everything is delicious.All I can say is the food was delectable, the customer service was impeccable, & there was nothing left on my plate. I will come & visit every time I come to New Orleans.This place is awesome! Plate lunch style vegan food. The bread pudding was my favorite thing, but the corn bread was a close second. Great mix if items - they had okra gumbo, jambalaya, Mac-n-Cheeze, salad, & more when we went. And all vegan!Y'ALL! I'm not even done with my food and I felt the need to take a break to express how great it tastes. As a native Californian who's tired of eating fried food with high amounts of salt, I am SO happy this place opened and gives us foodies a healthier alternative to soul food. I love good food. And I love healthy-er food lol. It's all about balance and this place fits perfectly in the middle. I got the bell pepper (amazing), collard greens (delish), sweet potatoes (perfectly cooked), and macaroni (who knew Mac & chz minus the cheese could be sooo tasty??). I'm honestly surprised the food tastes so good being its 100% vegan, but I am thoroughly impressed and will definitely return soon. #InvestInBlackBussinessesSometimes you want vegan food that feels like your grandma made it and not your super hip cousin from LA. This is definitely that. Everything I had was delicious and not that "it's good for vegan food" type of good. It is just down right good. Period.Delicious food!
I got the choose four with greens, yams, mac and "cheese," and perhaps the best bread pudding I'd ever had (including before i was vegan). Everything was magnificent.I tried this place out for the first time today. The red beans and rice, macaroni and "cheese," and greens were all very good. It's authentic Southern cooking even though it's vegan. The people were also very nice. I hope as they get more established they will invest in some non-plastic cutlery. 
This will be my new go-to stop on my way home from work when I'm in the mood for comfort food. Yay!Dropped into NOLA this morning. Got this recommendation from another vegan site. Truly amazing. Very well seasoned, had blackened cauliflower, yams, white beans and rice (1st time) and mac and cheese. Love it! 11 year old daughter loved it too! You don't have to eat vegan to love this food. Staff and extremely helpful as well. Thx for letting me taste a few items 1st.Great find for vegan food. Small, welcoming and the food is exactly what you need to fill your belly!I went here with a friend for a late lunch today. The parking was a little difficult but we parked on the side street and walked into the restaurant. The food was delicious I had the curry vegetables over rice and the cauliflower my friend had the Jambolaya the mac & cheese  The cauliflower and the black beans 
we both loved our food ,we will be back!We stopped by Sweet Soulfood while in Nola for delicious authentic-ish soulfood that was vegan. The food was amazing- spice and flavor was on point! We had the nachos that were covered in jambalaya, black beans and corn, cheese sauce, and various toppings of choice. We also opted for a four vegetable plate with eggplant lasagna, jambalaya, Mac and cheese, and bread pudding. Both plates were flavorful and delicious. The bread pudding was the highlight of the meal. It tasted better than one I had earlier in the week at a traditional soulfood place in the city. It had rich decadent flavors that  didn't disappoint. Would highly recommend for vegans and non- vegans! (I am myself am the latter).Vegan southern cooking at its best! The Mac n cheese is incredible. Family owns and operating with an inviting feel. Thank you!Excellent food with hospitable staff. I really enjoyed their mushroom steak, yams, and especially their fruit (yes, it's real made from actual fruit!) drinks.The food at this place is AMAZING!  The mac and cheese is good, the chickpea patty is phenomenal and the bread pudding is delicious.  I loved every bite!The food was delicious. It was a treat to eat Louisiana soul food that was vegan! The staff was very friendly as well. Our favorite dish was the caramel bread pudding!Yet another song of praise for this place! I've been to a number of vegan soul food places from Maryland down throughout the South, and this is easily the best I've ever had. The cornbread was moist and springy. The jambalaya was well seasoned and flavorful, with the occasional bite of stellar vegan sausage. The mushroom steak had great bite and was well seasoned. The mac and cheese had some of the best vegan cheese I've ever eaten. And those sweet potatoes were on point! I had no problem finding a parking spot around the corner. The staff was phenomenal and the whole experience was superb. I highly recommend this spot!Yesterday was my first time eating here,  A friend bragged about it and I read reviews, so I went.......This food was so freaking DELICIOUS and I'm not vegan. I highly recommend it!!!!!!!!!!!Four items isn't going to be enough, but if you have to make the tough choices, make sure you at least grab the mac & cheese or gumbo.Everything we tried was really tasty! Loaded potatoes, bread pudding, BBQ cauliflower, jambalaya, cornbread; all amazing. And the staff was very friendly and helpful. Highly recommend.As two vegetarians from out of town, I have to say this place is a MUST. Staff are incredibly friendly, and the food is amazing. We got jambalaya, Mac cheese, braised greens, cornbread, and my absolute favorite... the curry. There's not a ton of seating but we managed to get a table. Left feeling super satisfied.Wow!!! Amazing cuisine!  Tastes just like good old soul-food!  Would've given 5 stars but some of the dishes are New Orleans hot and this critic can't eat spicy.  My meat- eating husband even loved it!  Have to try!  Very friendly staff.I've been twice so far and everything I've tried (Mac & Cheese, Alfredo, Curry, Jambalaya) has been delicious! Great, fast service plus delicious food; can't beat it!Rating a three because you have to give a rating to post, but didn't actually eat here.  Drove 30 minutes in traffic to get here. Arrived around 5pm, but it was closed.Great food & a friendly staff. I had the Mac n cheese, fried mushrooms, and okra gumbo. My boyfriend has the Mac and cheese, jambalaya, and chickpea cake. We had the green juice too. Everything was extremely good. Whether you're vegan or not I'm sure you would enjoy this restaurant.This place is new delicious clean and wonderful. Try everything to amazing the even have green drinks. Menu changes all the time and parking is rough but it's worth circling.This food is what has been missing from my life. I wish I could pack this place up and take it with me when I leave New Orleans. It was a hike from downtown, but totally worth it.Sweet lord this food was incredible. Wish I lived in Nola just so I could go here every week. Loved it so much. So happy they are expanding so more people can enjoy their amazing food. MUST try!Surprisingly, really good vegan food! The mac n cheese and cauliflower were my faves!Okay so I've only been in NOLA for a few months. As anyone can imagine I'm eating my way through the city. With that being said... My stomach is NOT pleased with me! I was looking for something savory and soulful but not as heavy. I pass this place every day multiple times a day so today I decided to give it a try. 5 stars on the customer service alone. So let's get to the food. I wanted to try a little of everything. I settled on the Shepard's pie (delicious, slightly sweet probably from squash used? Regardless would DEFINITELY get again), Fried mushrooms (batter definitely reminiscent of fried okra batter, nice and crisp, not salty, again I would order this again!), Okra gumbo (BABY! This here?! This gumbo?! With the vegan sausage?! I have no words. Yes. And more yes!), And finally the Mac and cheese (again slightly sweet, definitely a nice surprise! Consistency is delightful, feels authentic! If sweetness will bother you, don't get it. Otherwise I LOVE it). Definitely earned their great reviews. I most certainly will be back! All the savor without the guilt!Good lord. This is hands down some of the absolute BEST vegan food I've ever had. Southern food needs to be in an entirely different category of its own - and Sweet Soulfood is by far the champion. If there were Michelin stars of the vegan world, this would be a MUST GO to New Orleans from across the globe just to try the food here.Came here with my wife when we were in New Orleans for her birthday at the end of January. 
Great food! I got the stuffed pepper, jambalaya and Mac n cheese. Everything tasted great. The pepper was huge, we could have split it and it would've been plenty. The Mac n cheese tasted a little sweet, but it was good -- next time i would probably try something else in its place. 
The cornbread was also delicious. 
This location was cramped, there was a steady flow of customers. This should be alleviated once the location across the street opens. 
The employees were friendly. 
We will definitely be back here on our next trip to New Orleans.I came in here with 0 expectations-- all I knew is that there was a relatively healthy new place that opened on Broad. I met up with some friends for lunch and oh man I am in love. I work in Mid City and I'm always desperate for a good, cheap, healthy place to grab a quick bite and it's like Sweet Soulfood knew what my soul needed and made it happen.
You order at the counter and choose the number of dishes you'd like. Everything goes in a go-box and you can eat it at one of the few small tables they have or get it to go. I LOVED everything I had and it was much cheaper than hitting up the Whole Foods hot bar down the road. Plus, who doesn't want to support some awesome small biz owners? 
I will go back and back and back forever. 
Note: I'm not a vegan. I eat all things. This food is just good, no matter what meat it has or doesn't have.Wow, this place has it going on. Super good healthy food and GREAT service. The owner is behind the counter with a smile and ensuring everyone has a great experience. This place is solid, and a much needed addition to the choices in the area.  Love having them in my neighborhood!Just ate here for the first time and it's fantastic. Full of flavor without being overly salty or sweet as can happen with vegan food. Great variety and I'll be back to try their daily switch-ups. Friendly and quick service and super affordable with huge portions. A four item plate gave me three meals, no lie. If you want soul food thats healthy with flavor this is it!DELICIOUS  Me nor my brother are vegan, but I love vegan/vegetarian food and this was such a great find for our first NOLA trip. My brother, who rolled his eyes at the notion of vegan soul food, said this was his favorite meal! And we both agreed that it was the best corn bread we've ever had. Definitely put this on your list of places to check out, you won't regret it!Can I just say WOW! I was super impressed with almost everything I ate. 
It's a buffet line and you can choose between one to all the items on the menu. I had the mac-n-cheese, okra-tomatoes-corn medley, collard greens and fried cauliflower. My friend had the white beans, jambalaya, mac-n-cheese and greens, plus a sweet potato pie. The white beans were amazing and I was jealous. The mac-n-cheese was delicious and was definitely better than versions made with chemically cheese. My two veggie sides were delicious but the cauliflower was a little greasy for me... I think I got the bottom of the pan. My friend's jambalaya had zero fake meat so it seemed like a pilaf to me but she said the flavor was good. And the pie was yummy.
This place is tiny so your best plan is to take out. We were lucky enough to grab a table as we paid so could enjoy our food there. I definitely had enough for two meals. Staff was great and friendly.
Parking is tight as there are a bunch of businesses in this building (martial arts in the garage in back, barber upstairs)... the parking lot is for the dojo so don't try to park there.Excellent food and great service. The line moved fast (after 4 PM) and the food (served in generous portions) was hot! Will return!This is so good. Busy place for a Monday afternoon but I can see why!
Food is served cafeteria style.  I wish I had thought it through before ordering since everything I got was a bit on the sweet side.If you are vegan and vacationing in NOLA, GO HERE. This is not a drill. This is not a drill. The fried Cauliflower will fu** you up!!! The corn bread will have you on you knees praying. The bread pudding will make you cry. It's just so goddamn good. The Mac n cheese. The greens. Gurl. Boi. It's almost too much. It's perfect. And compared to some other over priced vegan spots in the city, it will leave your stomach and your wallet feeling full!!!So glad i get to have great tasting vegan food close to me. If you've never had vegan food before this is place to go! Nice variety of options and the people who work there always seem like they want to be there which is refreshing for a local place. The Mac and cheese is my favorite!I'm not a vegan however, I like vegan and vegetarian foods so I came to check this place out. It far exceeded my expectations. I ordered the stuffed bell pepper, macaroni and cheese, and the bread pudding. I thoroughly enjoyed all of it. I will definitely be coming back. This is a vegan spot that anyone can find something to eat and enjoy it.If you have not visited this restaurant you are missing out! I pass by today about an hour ago starving for some thing good and a little different. Great!!! Was what I got.The service was great from start to finish. I was given a complete explanation of all the menu items offered. The little young lady that was the cashier offered me their selection of ice cream to top off my meal,  I asked her which one she recommend? She said truly they were all good. The one she selected was a coconut chocolate and nuts creamy treat. She was 'spot on'. I see growth and expansion in their near future. Hope you decide to open in New Orleans East as well. Though I am not a full fledged vegan but do enjoy my veggies,we have vegans out here too and if you come that number will surely grow.
                  TeeDon't even think twice! You have to visit this restaurant if you are in New Orleans. It is off the beaten path of sightseeing but this was by far the best meal I've had in the city. 100% vegan soulfood is a rarity to find and you can tell it's made with love! The staff is great and the food is simply delicious. Can't wait to visit the city again and stop by this gem!I crave their macaroni and cheese. Menu changes daily-- whatever they have, you'll enjoy it. One of the best lunch spot in town.Friendly, good New Orleans choices and delicious food! If you are Vegan or not, definitely give them a try!Faboulous food.  I just grab a few to-go cartoons of a mix of selections, then take it home for an impromptu buffet.  Great food, great spices, great prices.  Figured out they were vegan later, super good.EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING! Bread pudding, alfredo, grits & ragout, jumbalaya, sweet potatoes, collard greens, CHECK!
The menu changes each day, and there are tons of options available for any picky vegan eater. You'll love it even if you're an omnivore.
The price was super reasonable, considering you get a ton of food. Plus, the service was really friendly, and everyone seemed super knowledgeable about the food.
If you're looking for soulfood in NOLA, look no further!Everything I have tried was delicious. The customer service is great. They really seem to love working there.
Parking is difficult, and I wish the portions were larger.Came in for lunch on the way through the city and found this place on yelp, of course. The food selection was very exciting and they were very helpful. They have the BEST vegan pralines btw! They sell out quickly so if you see them definitely snag a few. Can't wait to go back for moreThe food and the staff are amazing!! It's hard to do vegan food, but they nailed it. The cornbread is to die for!Great soul food, plus it's vegan! I'll support this place every chance I get. Love itThis place has great authentic food served with friendly service. The lady who was helping us noticed we aren't from around here and took a minute to show us how the ordering works and she made recommendations.  
They serve large portions so we had left overs. 
I highly recommend this place to fellow vegans looking for soul food.Prices are on point, portions are huge! Everything is super flavorful. There wasn't one thing that we didn't like. We got choose your own plate with 7 different things. I'm so full and can't wait for the next visit. Need to stop here if you're in town.Omg!!!! I've been to a lot of Vegan spots and this is by far the best! The corn bread, Yams and Brussels were my favorite. Everything was fresh and delicious. You will not be disappointed. Only this is it was Hotttttt in side. No other complaints!Absolutely stunning food! I work about a mile away and made the walk there and back based on a friends recommendation. It was definitely worth it and I will be visiting again!!Delicious food and drinks  
Cheap prices 
Friendly staff 
Our new favorite spot
We will definitely be back!YES YES YES YES YES! Awesome vegan food definetly made from the soul! You can't go wrong with anything you choose to fill your plate with! The portions are huge and food is delicious! Very much worth the priceMy mom and I checked out the restaurant. We had the chick pea patty, okra gumbo, sweet potatoes and greens. Everything was good. We also had bread pudding and banana foster vegan ice cream that was delicious too. It was a nice atmosphere and everyone was nice and helpful.Discovered on Yelp en route to MSY and then the Bay Area from Pensacola... sure we have time for a quick lunch stop. Wouldn't have missed this treat!
My pick 4: jambalaya, Mac & cheese, potato salad, and bread pudding. We'll be back!So delicious, had the rice and beans with fried cauliflower and side of Mac and cheese. Meal was very filling and flavorful. They offered tastings to help me decide which sides I wanted. They have ice cream and corn bread as well. Only thing is you need a car to get to this location but it's well worth it. One recommendation to management, they need better packaging that is environmentally friendly.Nothing short of INCREDIBLE!!! All vegan with SO many options!!! My husband (non-vegan) was so impressed and so full, you MUST come here if you're vegan in Nola! Can't wait to come back and try the bread pudding.Here's a place I generally would not have tried if it wasn't for my vegan friend. We stopped by to grab some food for her & something quick for us non vegans. 
My friend & I shared the Mac & Cheese & the Fried Cauliflower. I must say the cauliflower was very good nice tasting sauce very tasty. The Mac was ok for me it wasn't bad but lacked flavor I've actually had better vegan Mac & cheese that was tastier. 
Small restaurant with a simple decor, a little bit tight the seating area. 
Service was good, quick decent enough pride wise.This is such an awesome spot . My husband and I came in from Atlanta and saw the reviews and wanted to check it out . I wish I could go back and eat more ! The blackened cauliflower, mac n cheese and bread pudding are all AMAZINGOk OKKKKKK  went crazy I thought the cauliflower was fried catfish with this lasting crunch, the real soul food for your heart, mind and soul. I will be eating here until my flight on Monday.  Home Run!!!!!Let me start off by saying I am far from vegan. It is actually hard for me to even try vegan food being that I grew up eating meat in every single meal my mom cooked. This food here though?!!! I ate everything on my plate! The food was sooo delicious I had to plan a nap afterwards! I'm not even a nap person. & don't get me started on their ice cream! Some of the best homemade ice cream I've ever eaten! Food was great and so was the customer service! I will be back!This place has the best vegan food around. We didn't try everything but the mac n' cheese was amazing (a little sweet), the fried cauliflower was stunning, and they had some of the best okra gumbo I've ever had. The collard greens were excellent as well. 
Highly highly recommend this place.
re: parking - there's plenty of street parking available.Very happy to have a vegan gumbo and jambalaya! That was my wish came true. It was more expensive than we expected but the healthy organic part absolutely worthy it. :) will be back.Best vegan restaurant I've ever been to! Great staff and fast service. You won't be disappointed.My 1st visit and I will definitely return! The staff was friendly and they explained the ordering process in great detail! Be ready to be amazed that these items are vegan and tasty to the soul! I ordered okra gumbo, greens with cabbage, fried cauliflower, and cornbread stuffing and the bread pudding with rum sauce (do not skip the sauce)!! I didn't particularly care for the stuffing because it was a tad bit sweet for my taste buds! The rest of my plate was fire and quite delicious! So great that they rotate items! I can't wait for my next visit and the visit after and so on!!There's a reason this place has a perfect rating after 100 reviews. The have a huge selection of items that change daily, everything is full of flavor. Definitely come here if you're looking for healthy vegan food that taste good!
They also have fresh juices/smoothies and ice cream! Amazing.
Found my new favorite restaurant in NOLA! Will be back, maybe a little too often haha.This place's gumbo made me like Okra!! I've never been that into NOLA food but now I realize because a lot of it was too meaty and greasy. Loved everything I've tried here, super filling without the guilt. This restaurant is everything this city needs, we can celebrate our food and culture without it destroying our health.It's a really neat establishment and the food is good and good for you, but we couldn't pin point it but everything had an add taste to it. Come in open minded and give it a shot, it just wasn't for us.Really really good vegan food in a very difficult city for vegans... Kind of a tiny place and a gentleman who might be the owner seemed to be a little authoritarian with his staff however I recommend it highlyI mean you feel the good vibe the second you come in and staff is just so darm nice ready to great you with a big smile. 
Food is delicious, mac and cheese was not too cheesy and on point and the cornbread was so so moist. 
CC accepted.The best vegan soul food I've ever taste hands down. You will not be disappointed and you will make sure you will come back for another delicious home cooked mealI can't say enough about how amazing the food was here! We stepped off the plane and took a cab right here! It was our first stop and quite possibly the best! Who says soulfood can't be vegan?!Yet another song of praise for this place! I've been to a number of vegan soul food places from Maryland down throughout the South, and this is easily the best I've ever had. The cornbread was moist and springy. The jambalaya was well seasoned and flavorful, with the occasional bite of stellar vegan sausage. The mushroom steak had great bite and was well seasoned. The mac and cheese had some of the best vegan cheese I've ever eaten. And those sweet potatoes were on point! I had no problem finding a parking spot around the corner. The staff was phenomenal and the whole experience was superb. I highly recommend this spot!FANTASTIC! Fan-freakin-tastic. The food killed me, brought me back to life, smothered me in mac and cheese, then resuscitated me using the dank smells of vegan soul food. The food was so good I went back twice. Best vegan food I have had in years. YEARS I TELL YOU. Go to this place ya'll. I don't care if you have to book a flight from Seattle. It's worth it. I wish them best of luck on their business. Very helpful and kind staff. They deserve all of the awards.THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!! For the amazing people working here and the incredible food. Don't miss out on the Mac and cheese!!! This is every vegan person's dream. I'm so happy that I got to have vegan soulfoood while in NOLA. Make sure you get cornbread as well!! Amazing experience. Can't wait to come back.In anticipation of the yearly onslaught of carnival worthy unhealthiness, I thought I'd do my body a favor today and put something somewhat healthy into it. When my vegan friends rave about their favorite joints being "so good you won't even know it's vegan," it goes without saying that my carnivorous brain goes into full blown debunking mode. 
     Sweet Soul food opened this past year in the old Seasoned Cookware spot at at 1016 N Broad St. (Side note: Seasoned cookware is an awesome little used cookware shop that moved to 3824 Dryades St. Check em out.)
     Sweet Soul Food is on a mission to prove vegetarian naysayers like myself wrong with hot, and healthy, vegan dishes that prove food that is good for you really can taste great as well. 
     The experience is customizable in its cafeteria style. Pick one to four items, depending on your hunger. The specials change daily, so the combinations are seemingly endless.
     I tried the okra gumbo first, not much of a stretch to veganize, but it had a nice dark viscous roux and a surprising smokiness. The collard greens were dense and had a nice vinegar acidity that made them very addictive. The Jambalaya was a surprise. Stuffed with sweet bell peppers and tomatoes. It also had a sausage substitute, I'm guessing seitan? Vegan or not, a pan of this killer Jambalaya would disappear instantly at my house during Mardi Gras.
    But if you told me that vegan Mac & "Cheese" could stand up to the real deal I'd say you were crazy. Until today. While it lacks the cheesy pull of some of my favorites, the flavor and the texture could have fooled me. These were creamy, peppery, and totally satisfying.
     Make sure to grab one of their juices, which they make daily. I mixed up The Green Goddess and the Pineapple Paradise and it was like a little ray of tropical sunshine on this rainy day. 
     And if you have any room left, which I unfortunately did not, they have eight flavors of vegan ice cream as well.Price is reasonable. Portion is big. They got lots of choices, including famous local dishes. Some of the dishes are too salty though.Visited this unique food spot yesterday.  The decor may be lacking but the food more than makes up for the lack of ambiance.  There was a line at the counter waiting to order and no tables available.  Once we received our food I realized why.  The city lacks a variety of vegan food places and this one certainly fills the void.  Truly a "soul food" restaurant and everything available was vegan!  The portions are generous, the flavor amazing and the staff is very friendly and helpful in explaining what each available item is as the menu changes daily.  It is a seven day menu with a variety of food items offered.  Vegan in New Orleans?  This is a spot you definitely want to visit!This place is amazing! The food is awesome and it's all vegan!!! My non vegan friend came with me and loved the food. He's still talking about it days later.  We ordered a 2 item plate of fried cauliflower and jambalaya and a 3 item plate of mac n cheese, collard greens and red beans and rice. The jambalaya was our favorite, although it was all good. I can't recommend this place enough. If you're a lover of soul food, you'll love the food here. And as a bonus, no animals were harmed in the making of your food! Score!!Most amazing vegan food ever. The people here were so friendly. The food was flavor packed and affordable. Will definitely come back for more.I'm always trying to eat well, but I seem to sometimes gravitate toward heavier food, especially during the holidays. I was eager to stop in and try some homemade vegan cuisine for myself at Sweet Soulfood. I like that the food is laid out cafeteria-style, giving you the opportunity to look over the offerings and find something that appeals to you. At the hot bar, you can get up to four items, so I decided to go all out and really treat myself. I got the mac and cheese, chicken fried cauliflower, okra gumbo, and greens.
I have to mention the portions here are extremely generous -- my four items were $15, and this was easily enough for two meals or even to share. I dug into the chicken fried cauliflower first, mainly because I was so intrigued and I had never had anything like it in my life. WOW. Any hesitation I had about being able to enjoy fried cauliflower went right out the window! This was fantastic -- big pieces of cauliflower lightly battered and fried. There's no mistaking that it isn't chicken, but if you're craving that yummy fried crunch, this is a must.
Next up was the mac and cheese. I'm not sure how they get it so creamy, since real cheese isn't involved, but I loved it. It had that good "chew" that you expect from mac and cheese and it was so good that I actually forgot that it was vegan.
The okra gumbo was excellent and even had some non-meat sausage in it, which was quite tasty and reminded me of a leaner meat sausage. The roux was on the milder side, but it was packed with flavor and, after a few bites, I didn't miss the meat. I really like okra, but if it isn't your thing, you might want to skip this, as this dish is packed with okra as its main bulk.
Finally, I dug into the greens, which were seasoned well and flavorful. At first, I was afraid that I was going to miss having bacon and ham in the greens to add that extra fat, but Sweet Soulfood's version was so good that I didn't even think about the fact that it was meat-free.
In a city that is known for delicious, maybe not-so-healthy food, Sweet Soulfood absolutely fits in and stands out. As a gal who does enjoy her meat, I finished my lunch feeling completely satisfied and excited that I had leftovers to enjoy later.
Even if you don't plan on going full veggie anytime soon, Sweet Soulfood is a great place to enjoy a wholesome lunch.Love this spot! My friend and I went for lunch one day. It was packed! There isn't a ton of seating so either plan to come early or carry out. There is a hot bar with a variety of dishes - when I was there there was mac and cheese (as remarked by another reviewer, it needed some salt), jambalaya (really great, with some yummy vegan sausage substitute), collards, sweet potatoes, bread pudding, a curry cauliflower/veggie dish,  BBQ cauliflower (my favorite! The sauce was addictive), and a few other things I'm forgetting. There is also an extensive salad bar with a lot of nice looking toppings. I think they make sandwiches and wraps too, though everyone was ordering from the hot bar when I was there. There is also a nice looking selection of, I guess, vegan ice creams. They have smoothies and a few drinks of the day. I got the green juice drink of the day which was really refreshing. The service was really friendly. I will definitely be back and hope to try some of the other food that rotates onto the hot bar!Simply amazing! Small joint, so there isn't much seating. But man, I just might eat standing up this food is so good. Get there quickly. -- Also, the staff there is very kind and welcoming. Greeted my wife and I right at the door. Delicious!NOLA, oh how you never disappoint. After switching to a vegan lifestyle, I dropped a single tear because I knew I would never enjoy the authentic cuisine of this amazing region. Boy, was I wrong. This place did not let me down at all. After traveling and trying so many different places, this is definitely an instant favorite. 
The fried mushrooms were amazing. The jambalaya tasted as good as any (plant based or not). The rice and beans were as if they were made an someone's nana's kitchen. The mac & cheese, oh the mac & cheese. The best I've had since going vegan, other than my own of course :). The cornbread was on point. The bread pudding was a piece of heaven. The ice cream brought back childhood me. Everything was absolutely amazing. On top of all of this great food, the staff were all friendly and full of smiles!
The conclusion is I'm I shall fall into a deep depression knowing I can only come here when I visit. My life shall be a daily prison of emptiness, a constant reminder of what my life could be. Until we meet again, culinary paradise.The food is insanely sweetened with something. Not palatable whatsoever. Macaroni and cheese was soggy, runny, over-cooked. When I went to ask the manager for a refund after having a single bite of what I had, they refused, though my food was barely touched. No samples were offered or advertised. Awful experience, left hungry and with money wasted.One of my favorite restaurants periodt. I was vegan for like 6 months. I'm not now, but I still go there. The food is so good that non vegans are loyal customers.Vegans just trying to get some vegan soulfood in New Orleans. I called, check the website, look at the Instagram to confirm if they we open 4th of July. Nothing said they were closed. I loaded up my vegan tribe and was disappointed we were all disappointed when they were closed. It's all good we get it so we went with our back up plan. Second attempt to visit was on Saturday. Called to ask when they close and I was told when the food runs out. Well the website should say that. We decided to take another gamble on trying to drop by. Well something told me to call before I got there. We were told that there was 25 people in line and that someone was gonna be mad because they didnt have enough food for those people. So we turned around and went some place else. Hopefully no one else has this experience. Just wanted my fellow yelpers to know that it's a gamble. It might be worth it if you get the food. Good luck!This is probably top 5 best food I've ever eaten in my life. The cauliflower fried chicken had me a do a double take because it tasted so real! Everything was so good except for the macaroni and cheese. It wasn't received well by anyone in my group but vegan cheese is a little difficult to make just right. You can tell they're used to being extremely busy because they push you through the line like it's a factory production line! The drinks are a little expensive for what they are and I wish they had a fountain machine but other than that, the food was to die for. The cornbread was probably some of the best cornbread I've ever eaten in my entire life. I frequently go to Nola so I'll definitely be coming back here every single time! It was worth every penny!Omg I love it. Everything we got was delicious. My favorite was the bbq cauliflower. My husband isn't vegan and he ate his entire plate. The cornbread is delicious also.The food is amazing however my dining experience was extremely uncomfortable. I couldn't enjoy my food because it was so hot in the restaurant. The yams, Mac and cheese, gumbo, Brussels sprouts, red beans(banging with flavor), green juice was extremely sweet(). There was a mix up with our order but they fixed it quickly... I'll return in hopes that the air is fixed. I watched my friend eat because I could think of nothing but the heat... it was very busy but there were not so many people where it should have been that warm in the building. Great food, poor dining experience.I really enjoyed eating here. Louisiana has one of the best dishes when it comes to soul food. Now having the options to still enjoy soul food  vegan style is by far the best idea out there. You don't have to necessarily eat bland taste less food to be vegan or plantbased. 
The food here is bursting with flavors. I'm not a true vegan but I like to dibble and dabble sometimes especially when I just want to take a break from eating meat. They're menus here is different everyday so I was kinda bummed not being able to taste their fried cauliflower. However I did have their Bbq cauliflower which was also pretty good as well. I also had their okra gumbo. It was different from the regular gumbo with all the seafood and stuff. But it was still flavorful and delicious.
I very much recommend this place and prolly would come back if I'm in town.There isn't done in right now during Covid and they limit it to 5 customers at a time. The ladies are super friendly and you can order online ahead of time. Pick 4 is enough for 2 meals, but I have no self control and get excited about vegan food! Everything was amazing! My only 2 complaints would be that I ordered jerk cauliflower not fried and only had one sausage in my Jambalaya lol But the fried cauliflower with the sweet heat is sooo good! Still a 5-star experience. Fried Cauliflower, Vegan Mac, cornbread, bread pudding, Shepard's pie.I am in literal heaven.....I've been looking for a vegetarian spot to eat since I came here. Stephanie and Nafeesa were so sweet, coming in. My mother enjoyed everything and she doesn't really like to eat out that much.If you are staying in the French Quarter or CBD it is a little hike--but you'll need the walk after you eat here!
I eat meat but everything here was substantial and so delicious. I had Mac and cheese which was creamy and sweet, jambayala which spicy and surprisingly meaty tasting, a chickpea cake which was crispy and tasty, and the mysterious greens--mysterious because they looked too plain to be good but they were flavorful and spicy. My bf had this okra gumbo and I will be haunted by this because I will constantly think about it and regret I can't have it weekly.
Highly highly recommend this especially if you are a meat eater who is on vacay with a veg.I was really pleased with my lunch at Sweet Soulfood.  I ordered the jerk cauliflower, greens, and mushroom ragu.  Each item was delicious and generously portioned.  Additionally, staff were friendly and the restaurant was clean.  I will definitely be back.One thing to note is that this is really a lunch spot; the first time, I went at about 5:45 hoping for an early dinner, but they were closed, which was disappointing. That said, I absolutely loved everything I've eaten here! Sweet heat cauliflower, jambalaya, mushrooms, bread pudding with caramel sauce, cornbread, praline ice cream, all amazing! Friendly, very casual/simple atmosphere.I cant believe Vegan food is this delicious. I was visiting from California and was traveling with a friend that is Vegan and we searched and found this place. I was surprised how tasty the food was. Im a meat eater and did not miss the meat. The place was clean and welcoming. The owner took great care of us.The bbq cauliflower was scrumptious!!!!!! It was my favorite side dishes. I will definitely recommend this to my family when they try this restaurant. The greens and jambalaya was also pretty good. Now, keep in mind, this meal is vegan, so it won't taste EXACTLY how your grandma made it, but it's still tasty and made with love! 
Also, do yourself a favor and ordered the soursop!!! Five stars!!!!! You will love it even if you are not a big fan of ginger!Nothing has changed, still Excellent food and great service! The line moved fast (it was after 4 and the food (served in generous portions again) was hot! The cashier/server is always very helpful and keeps a smile on her face! This time I had the chickpea cakes, sweet potatoes, potato salad and greens.I absolutely love this place. Discovered it a week ago and ive been here 3 times in 4 days since haha haha. I love the cafeteria setup and the service and people are so niceThis was my first visit and I anticipate going back.  I arrived a little after noon before the rush, but it was never very crowded.  There is a parking lot beside the building.  However, as I left I noticed a sign indicating that the lot belonged to H&R Block next door.  Oops!  Luckily, I did not get towed or booted.  I hope that they have an understanding with Sweet Soulfood.
The service style is somewhat like a cafeteria.  You walk down the display of food and point out what the servers should give you.  The prices are based on whether you pick one/two/or three dishes.  I picked a cheesy(?) pasta, greens and okra/tomatoes.  The server asked I wanted rice with the okra, but I opted not to get rice. (Because so much pasta!)
The pasta contained onions, roasted tomatoes and a hint of spice.  The okra was a bit soupy, but no doubt, it was cooked to pair with the offered rice. It contained an imitation meat that gave the dish extra texture.  Greens were great.  All of it was great.  I sit here now and wonder if I can stay awake because the portions were generous and readers--I ATE THE WHOLE THING. 
The clientele is varied like the neighborhood.  The owner is friendly and checked on my satisfaction with my meal.Great staff and food .... I love the cauliflower Wings with the sauce really better than any meat lol but there isn't anything on the spicy side everything is slight sweet or neutral...  #SpiceItUpLove this food! It is on point every single time! Only negative is that they are usually out of food in the evenings when we make it there.Wanted to like this place, I've been here 3 times 
 The first time the food was delicious but 30 min after eating I got an upset stomach,  thought it might just be me so I tried them again months later well not only did I get an upset stomach but I threw up everything. I Thought again okay maybe it's me. Upon the third time trying and me throwing up AGAIN I realized it's not me it's the food. Sorry I cant risk my health or the health of others. It's mainly vegetables so the question now is how did I get sick from eating only vegetables? Cross contamination and poor food safety.Sweet Soulfood is my favorite place to eat in NOLA. Their mac and cheese is the best and their bread pudding + rum sauce can't be beat.A delicious veggie treasure! I'm not vegan but love the food here! The sweet & sour cauliflower is my favorite along with the okra gumbo! The non-dairy ice-cream they make is BOMB DOT COM! So happy for their expansion into a larger location right across from their former spot on Broad and wish them much success!Very good food and excellent service. The chef took time to share information about their menu and days the items are served. Courteous and tasty. A must try !!!The food is amazing however my dining experience was extremely uncomfortable. I couldn't enjoy my food because it was so hot in the restaurant. The yams, Mac and cheese, gumbo, Brussels sprouts, red beans(banging with flavor), green juice was extremely sweet(). There was a mix up with our order but they fixed it quickly... I'll return in hopes that the air is fixed. I watched my friend eat because I could think of nothing but the heat... it was very busy but there were not so many people where it should have been that warm in the building. Great food, poor dining experience... it's just too hot to dine in a hot establishment.You don't need to be a vegan to enjoy their food. Love this place!The food is scrumptious! Sweet Soulfood is my favorite restaurant! I recommend everything on the menu. My favorite foods from Sweet Soulfood are macaroni, fried cauliflower, bread pudding, yams, red beans and white beans. They also have some delicious juices, vegan ice cream and vegan praline candy!I remember the first time I visited sweet vegan soul food I doubled back the following day because they were THAT good. I fell in love with the bbq cauliflower and I've been a staple visitor on Wednesdays because of it. The line may be a little long around lunch time (which is expected) but it's worth going back to work late ;) Their salted caramel ice cream is a must to try.This is a VERY reasonably priced and absolutely DELICIOUS vegan restaurant!!!!  A friend referred me here and I am soo glad!!!!  Parking was a bit of an issue, but it was definitely worth the hassle. Anyone who is a vegan or vegetarian should come through. Heck, even if you are not a vegan or vegetarian and just want to come here for a delicious lunch you should try it. If I could give this place 10 stars I would!!!!!My wife and I recently were in New Orleans looking for a vegan restaurant for lunch.  Found Sweet Soulfood on Yelp, and were very impressed by the 110 reviews, all of which gave five out of five stars.  Could this place be that good?
It was.  A daily-changing menu, served cafeteria-style of some of the best-tasting, nutritious selections we have ever found.  And you can get four entrees, generous portions, for only $11.95.  We will definitely return next time we're in New Orleans.LISTEN!! this place is AMAZING. I had the Mac and cheese, fried cauliflower and greens. The chef has MASTERED the intricacies of veganism and flavor, specifically, flavor with SOUL.I think it's hard to find great vegan restaurants.  This place is another shining neighborhood gem that locals point you to regardless of their meat preference.
Everyday has a different lineup on the buffet to choose from.  Portions are always big.  You can choose from 1,2,3 or 4 items from the line.  
The 3 items I tried were very good.  Creamy Mac and cheese (not very nutty like most Vegan places), jerk cauliflower and okra.  Loaded with favor.
This is definitely a top spot to try.I came in on my way to the airport to leave, and I wish I'd been eating here the WHOLE TRIP. I got the BBQ cauliflower, mac and cheese, scalloped potatoes, and jambalaya. Incredible food, nice people, good price!Ugh... soooo full. I'm in town on vacation so since I'll probably only eat here once, I had to indulge. It's set up like a cafeteria where you basically point to what you want. You can get one to four items and/or a salad that you create. The salad fixings looked super good but I hardly find all vegan restaurants so I couldn't get that. Ended up getting the fried cauliflower, mac n chee & okra gumbo. The cauliflower was jammin & had a sweet & sour flavor but should be eaten last because the flavors made everything else a little underwhelming. The mac was super creamy & the okra were good but I wish I ate them first. In any case, I cleaned my plate & am now suffering as a result of my gluttony. They also had a nice selection of ice cream but I avoided making direct eye contact & further temptation.Surprisingly great New Orleans style vegan cuisine, definitely will be a regular. Every item was delicious and was even offered samples before ordering. Very kind and friendly staff.Portion sizes were very generous.  This is a great place to try new foods since they have platters and tou can choose up to 4 items in your platter. We tried the jambalaya, okra gumbo, vegetable curry, shepherd's pie, mac and cheese, fried mushrooms, jerk cauliflower, and bread pudding. They were all delicious. As others have said, the mac and cheese is not nutty like most vegan mac and cheese. The dishes were all super flavorful. The drinks are very refreshing-they have lemonades and a green smoothie with kale, cucumbers, mint, etc. I would recommend this place to any vegan or vegetarian friends who want to try out southern dishes since we usually cannot eat them.OMG the food here is AMAZING!  I'm not vegan but I strive to aim that way, becoming more healthy day by day.  If I could cook like this, I would be 100% vegan!  The food here is so, so, so, so good.  Five stars for the food.  
I also like the atmosphere.  Down to earth and unpretentious.  Don't get me wrong, I appreciate a beautiful restaurant, but there's a certain pretentiousness that sometimes get associated with healthy food... none of that here.  The prices are also reasonable.
My only concern is that the food is served on plastic plates with plastic silverware, creating a lot of pollution that will still be around for our grandchildren since it's not biodegradable.  One star off for that. Would love at least a $1 off option for bringing your own containers to encourage less generation of waste.  Of course, vegan food itself is really environmentally friendly, but it would be nice if they went all the way, with real dishes, or biodegradable to-go dishes, or encouraging people to bring their own tupperware.Ah-Ma-zing!!! World class vegan soul food that was created to empower you & make you feel so good inside, Sweet Soulfood blew me away and every item was rocking, can't wait to come back for more yummy goodness. The cornbread, omg. The Mac n cheese, omg...the collared greens!!! The vegan ice cream was also fire, I loved it all!!!Love this place each and every time ! My favorite foods have become veganized ! Not only veagan but the taste is amazing . Variations between sweet, spicy and the creole flavor we love . This place is a gem for sure . The staff is friendly and everything I have had is good ! Def check this out !Them greens And beans AMAZING !!! Love it vegan soul food bomb didn't try anything else but what I did have was soooo good Mac wasn't the best but I've never had vegan food so tasty and seasoned sooooooo wellAbsolutely Amazing!!Hung out with my family, and I'm the only vegan.. Found reviews on Yelp!!!! Baby!!!!! The food was " slap ya mama" good!! Gumbo..Candied Yams, Fried Cauliflower, Rice, Baked Macaroni , and  Angela Davis  Cold Press Juice!!! I purchased 2 platters..Both platters lasted 2 1/2 days.. I highly recommend this place..This could have been a disaster; we were in town with 2 vegans for a conference and took a 4-mile Lyft drive, and when we arrived, it appeared closed. Fortunately, we called them and learned that we were at the new location across the street, which had not yet opened. We were super-relieved and darted over!
Menu changes daily, as they have a line set-up, and girl working was generous with samples, so that we could customize our lunches exactly as we wanted them. 
They offer 1-4 choices with various pricing depending on how many items you want. I had the jerk cauliflower (a bit salty, but otherwise savory, spicy and delicious; a favorite of my friend), sweet potato mac & cheese, and the curry (sweeter than I am used to, but liked the peppers and consistency; she even threw some white rice in it). The girl working on the line also gave me a cupful of sweet potato, so that I could have some without being charged for a full serving of that! They were so nice and generous- I highly recommend! There were also so many locals that there was nowhere to sit, so that should tell you something about their popularity. Best lunch for $10, and looking forward to the opening of their larger location across the street!This place is SO FREAKING GOOD. Visiting from Columbus, OH. and we had to stop in. Everyone was super nice and the food was delicious! We had vegetable curry, mac and cheese, cornbread, gumbo, sweet potatoes, stuffed pepper, and bread pudding (so good we got a second order for later). Definitely a must-visit.I can't say enough good things about this little gem! It's been over a month since we visited New Orleans, and we're still talking about how delicious it was! It's good old-fashioned soul food with ample portions, and it's all vegan! No wonder the place was packed; it's some of the best vegan soul food I've ever had (and I've had a decent amount). Highly recommended, and we can't wait to go back!Easily the best vegan buffet I've ever seen. Great selection, very affordable, all feel good food! Must try at least once for lunch if visiting New Orleans. I come here every time I visit.Everything is so good, definitely worth the wait.  Nice and patient staff, the bread pudding was amazing.Located across the street from listed location. 
Hella good! Very flavorful and fresh! My favorite was the sweet cauliflower wings I caught them fresh out the kitchen and oh my! Second favorite was the loaded potatoes! The greens were good as well! Everything was good to me except the yams they needed a little help they were literally just yams. But I love yams so maybe I'm being a little critical! 
Parking was street parking. The lot next door is marked for H&R Block customers only. 
Inside seating available. 
Got a little busy for a late lunch but line was moving fluidly.I really wish I could give this place five stars. The food was great and the city definitely needs more vegan restaurants. Their downfall is the customer service. I honestly can't remember the last time I felt I was getting talked down to as much as I did here just because I was trying to understand what constitutes as an entree and what doesn't. I would imagine that the people who own/work here would be excited to be offering this style food in a vegan form - something that is extremely rare! - but I was very wrong.The ladies serving the food were sweet, and the food is even better! 10 out of 5 stars
Love this place
Couldn't even tell that it was vegan!It was my first time trying this vegan soulfood. I will say it was delicious. I most definitely be back.This restaurant was everything!!!! The food was amazing! Hands down the best vegan food I've ever had. The Mac and cheese was the absolute best. There aren't many places that can replicate Mac and cheese but Sweet Soulfood definitely succeeded. I stayed in New Orleans for 6 days and this restaurant was the only place that completely satisfied me! I wish they could move to Indianapolis or Chicago!!! I would visit at least once a week . This restaurant is a must see for any vegan visiting New Orleans!!Solid casual restaurant. Great option for plant based soul food. Cafeteria style service with lots of choicesThis was my first meal in new Orleans I was so happy to have found vegan soul food. the location was great they had a lot of seating area and the staff was friendly. now the food, out of this world! One of the best vegan restaurants I have ever been to was so flavorful so fresh I  to go back for more!! I recommend this place for anybody!! I kept recommending this place to my Uber drivers who aren't vegan they never even heard of this place but after I showed them pictures they will definitely go and check it out.Very very good! The Mac n cheese is amazing. The greens are amazing. The fried cauliflower is amazing!!!I was so surprised when this place opened. I had been wanting a good vegan spot that was near Gentilly for a minute. I must say this place doesn't miss. Everything I have had was fire! My favorite is the fried cauliflower. They have it in a sweet sauce as well. The bread pudding is disrespectfully good! Parking is a pain sometimes, but its worth it.Large portions, good prices, sweet people, lots of variety!! Maps shows a lot of vegan places in the area that are actually out of business. This place is great!This place is a real jewel ... that fried Cauliflower  LORTTT is soo good .. I had the pick 3 ... with greens and Mac and cheese ... the greens were ok... not the worst I had.. they taste like Glory greens if you like them you will like these... I ate them a lot in college sooo I can spot the taste lol but I didn't care for the Mac either it had a sweet after taste... I'm not sure about that ... but I'm DEFINITELY GOING BACK!! ON THE STRENGTH OF THAT CAULIFLOWER ALONE!!!  I think I should have stayed with my first choices but I changed them based on someone's opinion... never doing that again lol ... what I can say is they give you a TON OF FOOD  lol I ate on it for two days lol  soo it's well worth the  Now I just have to find what I like, and we on and popping ... don't be scared because it's vegan it's sooo delicious you won't miss a thing  I PromiseSo good. I came to visit sweet soul food while I was vacationing in NOLA and I'm so glad I came. Food was delicious, the bread pudding is to die for. The main dish changes daily I think, but the lasagna was to die for . I didn't think vegan and soul food would go together but this place proved me wrongOh lord this food was just terrible. The okra tasted like it was from a can. The collards greens were painfully salty. The other thing with rice was so stodgy and overcooked, man you could make hang wallpaper with it. And the drink had so much sugar it was toxic and undrinkable. This is the place that you get those underlying health conditions from. The amount of sugar will give you diabetes and the amount of salt will give you heart disease. Health is wealth people. Don't risk it.100% soulfood and 100% vegan... Greeted immediately by an enthusiastic staff excited to tell us what they had cooked for us today and proud to say it's 100% vegan. Here there are no fancy tables and frills to make up for anything it's not really needed when the food is this good, cooked by hand nothing was frozen or prepackaged. It was honest and the first real (vegan) southern soulfood we've had so far...Hope this restaurant inspires many more of it's kind....This is a must stop when in New Orleans. I only discovered it on my last day in town. I will fly back in just to eat here. My sister is not Vegan and she loved it just as much as I did.One of my favorite restaurants . Food is always delicious, service is great. I eat here at least once a week . Fried cauliflower and green beans are my top picks.Omgggggg so good.  Everything. Is. So. Good.
I went here last year at the original location perhaps on some magic mushrooms and was treated with the utmost kindness and respect and got 2 full boxes of food and sat by myself and housed a full box to the face with no shame (don't worry, I ate the rest a couple hours later).
Recently, I went with 4 non-vegan friends and everyone loved all of their food! Everything is amazing, but highlights are bread pudding (with caramel sauce!), brussel sprouts, mac n cheese, and collard greens.Food was good and flavorful but it was too sweet for me. People were nice and friendly. My favorite was mushroom  and Mac and cheeseLove this place! They have such a great variety of vegan food that's already made and you can pick and choose what you want. The prices are super affordable too! Their vegan ice cream is amazing! This is my favorite vegan spot! Def a must try to anyone looking to eat veganLove this place the food is great. I try something different every time. The food is never a disappointment. Vegan friendlyIt's okay, I didn't care for the broth of the mushrooms and gravy . First time trying vegan food. Overall satisfiedThe food was soo good I made a second stop before I left town and took a plate for the road. Highly recommend and I'm not even vegan .This is the best vegan spot I have tried in NOLA! The chickpea tuna was the best i ever had and the praline ice cream was like nothing I've ever had! Vegans and non-vegans alike will absolutely love this spot!How awesome to be able to indulge in traditional New Orleans and other Southern cooking while keeping it vegan!
Simple place with absolutely delicious food and very reasonable prices! Wish I lived here so I could visit more oftenWas so thrilled by our experience at Sweet Soulfood! Everything we had was so delicious. My fav was the fried cauliflower! 
Yum yum yum! Will DEFINITELY be backComing to New Orleans as a Vegan can be a challenge in itself. I can't say how much we were all surprised by this place. Our friends who weren't Vegan decided to treat us and took us all here for dinner. All our non vegan friends were blown away with how delicious the food was. Fried cauliflower like it was battered chicken. Omg, sooo ridiculously good!  All the southern fixings such as Mac n cheese, corn bread, Brussels sprouts, bread pudding, mushroom gravy and rice. It goes on. We went back twice while we were there. Easy Lyft ride from the French Quarter. Super friendly service. Wishing everyone would take a moment to realize you can make all the comfort foods without all the dairy and exploitation of animals.First time eating vegan food, and the experience was sensational!!! Definitely recommend.This place is a haven for my boyfriend and I (both vegan) who were sick of doordashing fucked-up Taco Bell orders and side salads with oil for dressing on our vacation. Not only is everything edible here for vegans, it's also amazing. The flavor... *kissing my fingers salute* I can't even begin to talk about it. The service is amazing, the inside is nice and clean... there's really nothing in life I want at this moment. I got my soulfood and I'm set.
Don't sleep on Sweet SoulfoodAmazing food! We went here for lunch two days in a row! The food is what you imagine soul food is like but with the chefs own twist. It's a cafeteria style almost where you stand in line and pick out a few items from behind the glass. 
The staff members are the nicest and most patient people ever. Oh! And they have coconut based ice cream in a few different flavors which was delicious!After reading the other reviews, I had high expectations for the food and service. The young ladies that waited on us were very nice. However the owner or manager came and told us (after we paid) that we couldn't be there with my friend's service dog. Her dog is a registered service dog with training, which means by law any business has to admit him to the business. The owner or manager said that wasn't true even when my friend attempted to show her the law--she refused to look at it, was argumentative and unfriendly. They refused to provide an outdoor table where we could sit down and eat. Please note: She waited until after we had paid for our meals before 'kicking us out'! Do NOT give this place your business. They discriminate against the handicapped! P.S. The food wasn't all that great!I'm in love-- I can't get enough of this place . Outstanding mushroom ragu, delicious tasting grits, Mac and cheese, collards, cornbread. This is the type of place that's going to change the community and change people's misconceptions of plant based cuisine. What sets this place apart is that this place is full of neighborhood working people just having lunch with their families, not just your typical Chewbaccus hipster vegan gluten free oil free grain free Instagram crowd. Will try the the coconut based ice cream flavors next time. This place is going to change the game in New Orleans!I was traveling though New Orleans and decided I would have lunch here.  The restaurant was extremely busy when I arrived but they were moving patrons along quickly.  The restaurant is small but offers some dine in seating. 
The servings come from a hot bar and you get to select your items. 
The Vegan food was good. I especially liked the sweet and sour cauliflower and the bread pudding.
I ordered red beans and rice, collard greens and macaroni. I preferred my Mac a little thicker but vegan Mac & Cheese is an acquired taste.
I would definitely recommend the restaurant for its vegan cuisine.The best Vegan eatery in New Orleans hands down! The food is AMAZING!!!! The owners make you feel like one of the family. If you are looking for a place that has delicious, healthy food with a down home New Orleanian charm that's also family friendly, this is the place. I wish there was an option for 10 stars!The most amazing hidden spot. We had a difficult time finding the location as out of towners. But it was worth the wait. The food was fresh and hot. The staff was courteous and kind.Great place, I do not eat diary. The mac and cheese was so good, and lasagna. The bread pudding ridiculous so good. Everything vegan!!!! I will come back.In a neighborhood that is most definitely real New Orleans, this place is bucking the tradition big time with vegan soul food. I am probably not the main target audience, since I really haven't eaten much in the way of non-vegan soul food nor wanted to, but I like what they're doing, and while it's a revolution here in New Orleans, the concept is not new to me (as I hail from DC, where we have several competing vegan soul food restaurants).
I must say I was rushed a bit as there was a decent-sized line and I didn't want to hold it up; I might have chosen better if I'd thought about it more. What I had was two basic noodle dishes (alfredo and mac & cheese) along with a chickpea cake. It was a large takeout container that I got, and it was more food than I needed. My less-than creative order skipped the impressive-looking salad bar for two different types of noodles and a chickpea cake. Both the mac & cheese and the alfredo were quite passable for being dairy-free. Then again, vegan does not mean healthy and they were also both heavy and a tad sweet. The chickpea cake had a desirable heartiness to it and was my favorite of the bunch, but I got two good meals out of it in total.
The menu rotates daily, and I'd come back and order again; the main thing limiting me from doing so has been the limited hours.My group of three all loved the food. We tried three of the smoothies also and they were all delicious. Very friendly staff and great service.Best collards i've ever had and i'm not vegan. Also the service was amazing and everyone was super nice!!Arrived at 5:15 and the door was locked!! People were inside eating and the servers were on the line. They refused to open the door and answer the phone. They close at 6. Why couldn't we get food to go?! We came all the way from Houston. How RUDE! As we were in our vehicle leaving one of the workers came out and was loading the patio furniture inside. Smh I've never experienced such poor, lazy & unprofessional service in my life. Why have a business if you aren't going to be business like?! 45 minutes to spare and you close the whole shop down on a holiday weekend, when you know people are visiting?! I would not recommend this place to anyone on any given day. I would love to give them zero stars because that's exactly what they deserve.This was my FAVE part of NOLA! I absolutely loved my food from @sweetvegansoulfood! So clutch! Had no idea what I was going to eat and bam they were the 1st place to pop up on my @yelp search AND had 5 stars! .
I had sweet potatoes, greens, mac n cheese, and cauliflower! Not pictured is the bread pudding that I so effortlessly smashed with 2 coffee stirs (like chopsticks) because I accidentally threw away my fork... don't ask. Lol. Sunday I thought I was going to get me a last farewell good bye and they were closed! Hurt my heart!
.
If you're ever in NOLA I highly recommend @sweetvegansoulfood. The restaurant was clean, pricing was good, variety was plentiful, and they gave you a lot of food!! Thanks for the hospitality.The food excellent and met expectations the pick 3 portion was filling and leftover to take home, however the service was rushed and this was my first visit I was not familiar with the menu, I appreciate patience in the ordering process.BROOOOOOO this place is amazing. Like, there's nothing that isn't delicious. Don't skip the cornbread. And it's got a great pro-Black (and other ppl too) vibe inside. All around, I'll be bringing people back to this place and encourage everyone to go nom on the best soulfood around! And it's vegan! Amazing.I'm giving 5 stars for the okra gumbo and the fact that they make a fresh juices sour soup ginger lemonade. Its a bit on the sweet side, but just add a little ice to melt. It's very good.This place is life changing. It's impossible to pick 4 because everything is equally amazing. My only complaint is the hours, if it was open later I would eat every meal here.This place is incredible. It is my vegan friend's favorite place that we simply must go to every time she comes back to visit New Orleans (but honestly I eat it more often besides just when she's here). The people here are great and there are plenty of options from which you can choose to build your own plate and they're all. Just. So. Dang. Good. Some of my favorites are the fried cauliflower, the bread pudding, the Mac and cheese, the jambalaya, and the sweet potatoes/yams. They also give you very generous heaps of servings so I leave full and happy each time. I'm just so glad and grateful there's a place in New Orleans that serves such amazing soul food that is also vegan! I hope it never goes away!!!This was an amazing experience, the food was awesome and filled with flavor, especially for a vegan restaurant. It is a must for any NOLA local and any tourist coming and looking to try some tasty (vegan) food. They are here providing people with quality soul food for our worthy body's. Keep a look out for their namesFirst time visiting New Orleans and ate at Sweet soulfood. The food is amazing! The sweet potatoes collard greens  mac and cheese taste like non vegan soul food. The service is really good as well. Very friendly staff. I literally ate here the past 3 days. They were closed on Sunday so I ordered food to go. The prices  are fair for the quality of food. Definitely  recommend  sweet soulfood!Employees on the food line are fast and efficient, the staff in general are very nice. The food -- so, so delicious. I've visited a few vegan soul food places in New York, but Sweet Soulfood in NOLA has them all beat, hands down. You wouldn't even be able to tell that the cornbread is vegan, it tastes like regular cornbread! My favorite is the bread pudding. So incredibly sweet and tasty. The Mac and cheese is really good too. I typically don't like vegan cheese, but Sweet Soulfood has mastered the recipe so well that eating vegan cheese wasn't even an after thought for me. The mushrooms are seasoned to perfection. When in NOLA again, I certainly plan to visit Sweet Soulfood!Lets say i wasn't expecting Vegan food to be soooooo flavorful, i had been wanting to rry for a while i finally got to try it, and let me tell you OMG. So as for as the atmosphere, its small, very few tables to eat but if you go at the right time you can dine in. Ordeing is quite simpe straight to the point you can get 2,3,4 items on the plate. 
I got 3 items,which were the eggplant lasagna, mac and cheese and okra gumbo. The lasagna was sooo heavy and full of flavor chile i tried to finish it i just couldn't, the mac and cheese i couldn't believe it was VEGAN so good again i couldn't finish  i felt i was playing merry go round on my plate, as for the okra gumbo it was OK, i would get it again only if there isnt anything else i'd like to try. I also got the ANGELA BASSET juice let me tell you it was a meal by it self Very Fruity and cooling since the place was a bit HOTT. The party i was with was complaining about it. The needs to be attended to asap. New Orleans heat aint no joke this time of the year. All in all i love this place i will def be bac!! Great to see different food in the neighborhood.The food was A-MAZ-ING!!!! I had Veggie Ragu & Grits, Okra Gumbo & Rice, Sweet Potatoes, Chickpea Patty, and Cornbread. I forget the name of the drink I got but it was a combo of two juices they offered. Everything was so good that I practically inhaled my plate. I will definitely stop by the next time I'm in town.Having just moved from Harlem, I wanted this place to become my go to vegan spot but the food was mediocre at best. The sweet potatoes tasted like pure sugar, white beans weren't creamy and the collards were too salty for my taste. I may try them again simply because of their strict COVID guidelines, and the red beans everyone keep talking. They make you buy a mask if you don't have one. Friendly service with simple decor.