My mom and I had a reservation at 6:15 and there was absolutely no line. We walked through their sketchy alleyway and I thought we were intruding on a family BBQ, but it turned out to be a really cool restaurant space. 
We sat down and the waitress came 2 seconds later with the menus and asked what we wanted for drinks. I told her we needed some more time to look over the drink menu and she disappeared for about 15 minutes. We were already starving so when she came back, we were ravenous and pretty ticked off. 
We got the bruschetta and shaved Brussels sprouts for appetizers, and the pork shoulders and beef cheeks for entrees. The bruschetta was great and I loved the flavor of it, but the shaved Brussels were a different story. I personally don't know why everyone was talking about them on Yelp because I found it very dry. 
As for the entree, my mom really wasn't crazy about her pan-seared pork shoulders because it was made like a patty and also dry. I didn't mind it so much but after my fourth or fifth bite, it did become more of a chore to eat. The beef cheeks were, again, another story. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Do yourself a favor and GET THE BEEF CHEEKS!!! Super tender and flavorful. 
Would I recommend this place? Eh. I guess. But when you're a first timer in New Orleans? Nah, probably not.This is one of the first bars I stopped in coming to New Orleans and I'm happy I did.
Initially came here after a friend told me he had some Pappy at a reasonable price; unfortunately, they did not have it when I went. That said, I still had a great Sazarac a decent steak, and a decent dessert.
Sylvain struck me as a real cocktail bar, the type where bartenders are closer to mixologists than the beercap pulling folk you might be use to seeing. They are working fast and they love what they do.
I started with a Sazarac and couldn't be happier as it was my first and it was delicious. I followed it up with a hangar steak. It was just ok--not the best, not the worst I ever tried. I finished off with a Briar Rose (cocktail) and a chocolate pie dessert thing. Chocolate pie thing was pretty good, but this isn't something unique nor is it gonna rock your socks. The Briar Rose was a miss for me, but I'm chalking that up to the fact that the combination of flavors just wasn't my thing. Maybe for you it will be, but I would have ordered a second Sazarac or an Old Fashioned in it's place if I had tried it before.
While drinking, a guy proposed to his girlfriend. The staff was really quick to help the guy get pictures and made sure the moment was special.
Sylvain is a great bar to stop in and get a proper drink. I hope they have some Pappy when you go =)Had a noon reservation at  yesterday for 3pp.  Wanted to take our nephew to a trendy place in NOLA.  We got there at 11;35 and asked to be seated early. It appeared to be an empty restaurant with the exception of a few people at the bar.  When they said "let us check", I knew it was an issue.  They came back and said it would be 15 minutes, that they needed to spread out their seating.  We asked who they where spreading out for and he said they had just seated a large table and they only seat 8pp every 15 minutes.  Mind you, NO ONE ELSE WAS IN THERE but this table of maybe 10pp at 11:35. Needless to say, I told him what I thought of there seating issues and we left.  Sylvain, you aren't that good of a restaurant so get off your pompous ass and get over yourself.  We won't go back!!!Ambience and food are phenomenal! It's quaint and non-touristy. I had the pan-fried pork shoulder which came with some of the best cheese grits I've ever had, and I'm a southern gal. My boyfriend had the chick-Syl-vain sandwich with fries and it was wonderful as well! Juicy, but crispy on the outside with a great flavor!Sylvain gets my first 5-star review.  
I stumbled upon this restaurant / bar in September 2011 and made a point to go here each time I returned to the Big Easy.  It's been about a month since I moved back to NOLA and I've dined here at least four times.  
Impeccable service, knowledgeable staff and delectable food.  
Outdoor seating is available but it's nothing extraordinary - people constantly pass you as they go to the bathroom.  Ambiance inside is sexy, cozy and casual. Dine at the bar and watch the artistry happen as the bartenders mix wonderful cocktails. Get the Pimm's Cup. 
Must haves: Raw Brussels sprout salad (seriously), roasted beet bruschetta, pasta Bolognese.  Sometimes I just come in for a drink and the salad.    
Unfortunately (fortunately for them), this place has become less of a secret.   Come early -- it fills up quickly.Beautiful space and great cocktails. Food can be hit or miss.Eating at this place has been the worst experience dinning out at a restaurant/gastropub.  First they messed up our reservation from a ten person reservation to a one person reservation.  Instead of apologizing and taking care of the situation, they were just able to sit half of our group after insinuating that it was our mistake that the reservation was made for one.  I wish I was in that half of the group that left. They sat us in the back patio...which may look romantic if you ignore the heat and noise from the AC, and the flying cockroaches.  Literally one cockroach flew towards me, I almost fell off the chair.
We were not able to finish our food.  When we brought the issue to the managers attention he just said "well you were seating outside" like it was totally normal.  If I were the owner I would definitely send the manager and the hostess ( half eye frown face girl) to an intensive course of customer service.
About the food, it was not that great.  I ordered the burger, it was nothing special.  Definitely do not recommend SylvainWe ate at Sylvain twice -- brunch and dinner -- during our trip to NOLA in early November and were impressed on both occasions. The food was excellent, and the service on both occasions was some of the best of our whole trip. We ate Scrambled Egg Toast (fluffy not-dry-at-all eggs on amazingly thick buttery toast with gorgeous salty, briney, and creamy accompaniments), Crispy Pork Shoulder and Coosa Valley Grits (great flavor, super tender pork), Fried Eggplant & Burrata (perfect!), Chilled LA Gulf Shrimp (best take on the classic shrimp cocktail I've had), Fennel & Endive Salad (honestly, one of the best dishes I had the whole week -- the combination of the crispy endive with the country ham and sharp blue cheese was amazing), Pan Seared Scallops (delicious). The Modern Logger (bourbon, aperol, fernet, ginger, lemon) was a true winner, and kudos to our waitress for totally understanding the logic behind ordering a sidecar of Schlitz. Our only regret is that we ran out of days in the city to go back a third time.Went for lunch at 1:30 on a Saturday and had to eat at the bar-- so get reservations, even for lunch. Also, there is not an alternative (or cheaper) lunch option so the dinner menu is also the lunch menu.  The drink menu is nice, strongly a bourbon/whiskey orientation. We decided to just do apps, and all three were ON POINT. In comparison to other french quarter food, this feels like real chef-prepared food. We had the antipasti app, I could have eaten the hummus and pickles all day. Really fantastic, even the pork pate was great (and I was scared of it). The Brussel sprout salad was VERY well done but my favorite was the bruschetta. JUST GET IT. No really. ORDER IT NOW. so yea, this place was awesome. Oh, and the cleanest bathroom I've been to in the quarter.Such a cool atmosphere. Great drinks, great food, great service, and great decor- screams 'Merica!' and I loved the patio in the back. 
The sweet potato & corn soup was the perfect mix of sweet & savory. We were very happy with our entrees as well- Gulf Shrimp Pirloo & Pan-fried Pork Shoulder..mmmOn our first evening in New Orleans we were looking for good, inexpensive food in the french quarter. At times it is very hard to find a really good meal that won't break the bank. This restaurant did just that. The quality of the meal and service was simply great. The waitress was very helpful and knew everything about the menu.
I would definitely recommend this restaurant to any other visitor. This is a must return on my next trip.Sylvain is a hidden gem for tourists surrounded by typical New Orleans tourist traps in the French Quarter. 
The restaurant inside is very cozy and it also has a beautiful outside patio. We opted for the outside patio and learned that the back wall is the second oldest wall in the city which was pretty cool. 
The food was delicious and the service was perfect.
This is one of those restaurants I wish existed in my home town!The food at Sylvain is incredible. I've been for both brunch and dinner and have enjoyed every bite and every cocktail I've ever tried. The fresh fish crudo and the cheese grits are especially notable. In addition to excellent, relevant food and ambiance, the service I received tonight at dinner was easily the best service I've ever gotten at any restaurant. My partner and I didn't have a reservation, and we were seated at the bar within an hour by a couple of extremely wonderful hostesses. Once there, we were taken care of by Lily and Ellie, who were amazing. We were drinking red wine, but when we ordered the crudo, Ellie brought us small glasses of white to accompany it, which was absolutely the right call. The timing of service was perfect. The company was wonderful. The music is awesome. Thanks to Lily and Ellie, we'll be recommending this place to everyone who will listen for years to come. Thanks for a wonderful last dinner in New Orleans.Sylvains was amazing!  The fish special and the shaved brussel sprouts salad were delish!My husband and I had several great dinners in New Orleans, but the dinner we had at Sylvain stood out as the most memorable. We would never have gone there if it hadn't been for Yelp, as the front of the building did not stand out in any way. We were ready for a leisurely dinner from reading the reviews, but because the quality of the food was so great you wouldn't want to rush through it anyway. We don't usually have dessert, but in this situation we did (we had the cheese plate) just in order to stay and enjoy the ambience. 
Vicky N.This place rocks. We had the griddle cakes for an appetizer and the quail for dinner. The service was phenomenal. Very good dinner date spot!!I went to Sylvain with the bae for my birthday dinner, and I was very pleased with the experience. Got the pork milanese, which achieved a lovely balance between light and filling. Especially enjoyed the root vegetables it came with. Cleaned the plate. Chocolate pot de creme was heavier than other versions I have enjoyed. The top in particular had a consistency reminiscent of chocolate ganache frosting, as if belonging on a cake. Boyfriend was very impressed by the burger and the twist on the root beer float that he got for dessert. I will mention however that the waiter and the menu disagreed on the ice cream used. Was endeared by the fact that they gave us free half-glasses of champagne. Was not endeared by how very noisy it is inside. I would go back at any time however because I have full faith in any of their inventive main dishes.Great hip atmosphere, very good burger, and a great bartender. This is a great option if you are in the Quarter and don't want to spend a ton of money for dinner.Its entrance, nestled  behind and In between buildings, can be easily missed so pay close  attention not to miss it; For missing the entrance means missing an enjoyable and tasty dinner.  
Once seated, the server, in our case Joe, gave us the most attentive service. His knowledge of the difference in the wines offered lead him to choose the perfect bottle that matched our distinctive taste preference for the night. 
We started with the shaved Brussel spout salad. It was refreshing and light. The lemon white balsamic dressing gave  it a special kick. 
One entree was the daily fish preparation. It was fresh and depending on the season and day  of the week, the fish type itself differs. It was pan seared and then backed to a perfect outside crisp with a flaky inside. 
The second entree which was made especially for me, a vegetarian, was a house made pasta with a light sauce and vegetables. This dish allowed my tastebuds to "party yum yum yum!"
 This place is a must not only for the food and service, but for the atmosphere. 
I never knew that sitting in an alleyway on non descriptive tables and chairs could be such a different and pleasant dinner experience.Excellent service. Really beautiful outdoor patio. Enjoyed the cheese plate!My wife and I went for Sunday brunch. She had been to dinner there with friends 3 times but it was my first experience. I had the braised short rib hash and she had the brioch french toast.
I like hash of all kinds and make a point of getting it whenever I can in any restaurant I visit. This was, by far, the VERY BEST I have ever had. I have heard others talk about meals or foods they have had and describe them as a transcendental experience. Until I had this one, I could never understand what they meant. Now I do.
I tried some of my wife's french toast and it was also excellent. 
The staff was very engaging and helpful as well. 
I cannot understand why there is not a line around the block waiting to dine here all the time. 
I plan on becoming a regular. Please do yourself a favor and dine here, you will not be disappointed. Amazing experience.
Oh, I almost forgot. The prices are very reasonable, especially in light of the quality.Spent the afternoon wandering around the French Quarter of New Orleans after dropping someone off at the airport. I love the character in the area. I had hoped to take pictures for my inner tourist, but everything I wanted was art in a no-photo area. There are some great artists out here!
Semi-wandered our way here just to get food. Turns out that they do reservations, but were able to get us a table anyways. And they don't serve dinner until 1730. Not sure when the bar opens.
Excellent food and service. Nice ambiance.  Expensive, but definitely a good time.favorite restaurant of the trip. really interesting dishes. good service. hidden gem.Would never go back! Food was good but service was deplorable! When the server made a mistake on our order, he never acknowledged it or apologized. The staff actually made our guest who received the wrong entree, feel that it was her fault. Will NEVER go back, and will tell people who I know are going to New Orleans not to patronize this business. 
It's a real shame because I loved the atmosphere, food and location. But there is no excuse for rudeness!Such good food, great service.  We had an amazing pork shoulder, with greens and grits.  They set a very nice atmosphere with soft candlelight and casual music.Beautiful interior, charming staff, great food and great prices. The patio is lovely!My party and I came for lunch and we were promptly seated.
We ordered a bottle of prosecco for the table. Our server was very friendly though she seemed busy halfway through our meal.
We all ordered different entrees so our party of 7 got to try a bit from everyone. I ordered the Quail with cornbread stuffing, mustard greens and vinaigrette. I actually found the dish a tad too salty. It was lacking more of the vinaigrette or some sweetness. The quail was perfectly cooked. I was expecting the cornbread to have more flavor.
It was my bites from the other girls that made me realize I may have just ordered the wrong thing. My favorite bite was definitely the Pan-fried Pork Shoulder. It complimented the sides perfectly and there was sweetness there that my dish lacked.
Overall though I loved the ambiance, the food was above average and I'd come back again to try something new.DELISH! Loved the atmosphere & options. Service was great and everything was fresh, local & truly unique.Came in for a late dinner at this very groovy spot. Skullduggery abounding in a some very nice ways. Great music, cool decor and lots of sinewy, well dressed diners possessed by the spirits of New Orleans' ancestral pirates, rats and other assorted lowlifes. Split the burger, which others described as bland, but I  liked it just the same. Also, we had the crudo, seafood fritters, and brussel sprout salad. All were delicious. Best Sazerac maybe ever. And the hostess was a punk badass doing wheel kicks to the Ramones. Really excellent meal overall. Highly recommend this place. 4.5 stars reallyI'm in love. My girl friend and I were looking for our last meal in NO. We read reviews about this place but we were a little skeptical since there were so few. We took a chance, and we hit an absolute home run. This was our best meal of the trip and it will be my first meal the next time I am back in town. Our appetizer (roasted beet bruschetta) was fantastic and both of our meals were outstanding (crispy pork shoulder and pappardelle bolognese). If you are worried that there are not enough reviews then get in, give it a try and see for your self. I promise you will not be disappointed.Best Bloody Mary we had in NOLA, and that's saying something. Sunday brunch was great. Every dish was just right. Pork short rib hash - yes!Amazing food, amazing service. Went here for our 20th anniversary with a group of friends other than the noise level being a little loud everything else was perfect.Loved this restaurant.  Went there twice in a week during a recent conference.  The location is great in that it is far enough from Bourbon Street to keep that crowd away, yet close enough to be fun.  Ate at the bar both times and loved my meals.  Had the gulf shrimp and hominy the first night.  Great meal!  The second night I enjoyed the pappardelle and really enjoyed it too.  Bar is great and so are the employees.  Fun crowd.  Looking forward to coming back on my next trip to NO.The waiter Joseph D was extremely rude. His etiquette does not match the atmosphere this restaurant represents. Each year I arrive in NOLA and come here for lunch or dinner and this was the most disappointing experience I've ever had. He ripped the bill out of my hand, he refused to take my order when i asked to start with an appetizer (before everyone else was ready) and he was just rude all around. Definitely will not be coming back next year.Fantastic meal. We had the arugula salad which my friend said was the best salad he'd ever had, the dressing was fantastic. I had the brussels sprout salad which was also very good (maybe could have used a tad more seasoning). Dinner was amazing, we got the duck confit and the pork, the pork was OMG good! They have an interesting cocktail menu as well.  We sat inside near the bar and I thought the music was a little loud/odd, I'd try to eat in the patio next time if it were available.This place is a hidden gem, and I mean hidden, if you're walking down Chartres Street, I find it's very easy to miss it, but it's incredible.
I love the history behind the restaurant. It apparently has the 2nd oldest wall in the French Quarter dating back to the 1700s.  It was also a local hang out of William Faulkner, of course not Sylvain but the bar and this location.  Apparently it's also haunted.  All of these little facts greatly enhanced my experience.
Now on to the food.  The beef cheek was to die for!  It was perfectly cooked with a delicious marinade and amazing smashed potatoes.  The watermelon gazpacho was also awesome!  The only thing I'd say is, skip the chicken liver, it's probably the worst thing on the menu (and I like liver).  
I also love the fact that the only spiced rum they have is made from the New Orleans Rum distillery.  Apparently every staff member at this restaurant has to go on a tour of the distillery.  The rum is great and the food is better.  A must visit in NOLA.Service was great, beer was great, ambiance was great. I had the fish special. The veggies on the plate were excellent, the fish was a little tough. My girlfriend had the pulled pork. I wasn't a fan of th collared greens on the sandwich with the meat.Mediocre and the service is not great - i do not get what all the fuss about. 
appetizer - Chicken Liver Crostini - simply not tasty at all. and I really like chicken liver..
main - Roasted Texas Quail - 26 dollar for flavorless dish that was smallest than average appetizer size. 
service - I wish he was smiling for time to time - but he had a miserable look the entire time. he knew we didn't like the food - but he only apologized.. 
obvioulsy we did not bother with dessert.. 
The only good thing - and that why I gave stars is the Boucherie recommendation (we asked a dif. waiter for restaurant recommendation.. we were HUNGRY).
Bad experience.Small place, but not unbearable.   Good menu with enough variety and good price point for a fun dinner out without breaking the bank.  Chicken liver app is silky sooth. Burger was reported to be delicious (by dining companion) and pappardelle was expertly done.I'm not sure how Sylvain has such a high rating.  It's pretty small and trendy inside.  The music is loud.  The waitstaff seem uninterested however.  
We started with the fried eggplant which was decent.  I ordered the Duck Confit, which was crispy (as stated) but I didn't find it very flavorful.  My girlfriend ordered a burger which was overcooked and dryed out.  I'm not sure why they even have the burger on the menu.  It was very disappointing. 
Sylvain definitely feels like a "cool" place to be.  But the food does not justify the snobbery of the restaurant.Amazing food (I ate Beef Cheeks) and friendly staff. Highly recommend.Only got to eat here once, but Sylvain gets a solid four stars for an all-around excellent experience.
Without reservations, my comrade and I only waited about 10 minutes at the tiny bar for a table. Hostess, bartender and server were all friendly and helpful. My Crispy Duck Confit with white beans, roasted beets and arugala salad was killer. There was a small selection of craft beers, and I enjoyed the Bombshell Blonde. Comrade liked the Sylvain burger, but I think $15 for a burger, even an amazing one, is a little too much.
If the prices were slightly lower, and the value a bit higher, it would likely tip the scales toward five stars, even with the pretty simple menu (only 10 dinner entrees). Regardless, I'd definitely go back.The the flavors of the pork milanese blended together very well. My husband ordered the 
Pappardelle Bolognese and that was very satisfying as well. The service was great, and the restaurant has a dark, cozy romantic feel. I definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting NOLA.Absolutely phenomenal. I love the entire space, especially the beautiful courtyard. The pappardelle bolognese was one of the best things I've ever eaten. Great service. Nice drink menu and their food menu offers just enough options for everyone.Ok, this place was outstanding. I started with a Sazarac. Great cocktail! Skipped the appetizers but had the pork belly salad. From my experience if there is pork belly on the menu it's a must. This was crispy and delicious. I finished every bit and wanted more. 
Dinner was the beef cheeks. Again delicious. They are served over a potato purée with a brown gravy. Outstanding. Melt in your mouth good. Lean tender And full of beef goodness. Get this entree, really it's that good.Amazing food and drinks!!! Would give this place 6 stars for the food alone. Amzing ambiance and excellent service. Unique cocktails and good wine list.
Pros
Food food food
Creative cocktails
Service
Ambiance
Cons
Lil noisy in the inside building
Needs a better champagne list (maybe add mumm, tattinger, piper sonoma or heidsick, chandon white star, or perrier jouet grand brut)Disappointing 
Was really looking forward to this place. Chicken sandwich was dry. Bar area is really loud and service was slow. Opt to sit outside on patio area.I want to start this review with a disclaimer.  I am a local uptown New Orleans resident and I have worked in restaurants and bars all over the quarter.  I am usually incredibly understanding of what goes on behind the scenes in a restaurant, and rarely complain about anything because, hey, the restaurant business is hard!  There's a wait...fine... I have to sit at this table instead of that one... okay.  However, I had such a baffling experience at Sylvain tonight that I felt compelled to write this review.
My roommate and I were at Woldenberg Park for the free Dr. John show.  The show ended around six and we decided that we were hungry.  I suggested we go to Sylvain because I had been there previously, had had a wonderful experience, and wanted to go back.  She said yes as she had also been looking forward to trying the restaurant.  We walked in and told the hostess we would be two, she told us she did not have any open tables but we could sit at the bar.  We told her we would really prefer a table and did not mind waiting.  We asked her how long the wait for a table would be.  She ignored us.  We asked her again.  She continued to ignore us.  We decided we would sit and wait in the chairs in the courtyard since there was no room at the bar anyway.  Finally, two seats at the bar opened up, and the hostess showed us to them.  I looked around at 8 open tables in the dining room and asked her if it was possible for us to sit at one of them.  The hostess mumbled something about the kitchen and walked away.  Confused, I went back up to the hostess and asked her why we could not sit at one of the 8(!) open tables.  She told me that the kitchen could only accomodate so many plates at a time so she wasn't seating anyone at these tables.  Now, I'm sorry, but this just doesn't make any sense.  The kitchen makes the food regardless of whether you sit at the bar or a table, and since the kitchen was slammed it seemed reasonable to expect that we would be sitting and waiting for our food for a long time, which is fine. I understand when a restaurant is busy.  What I do not understand is why I had to be uncomfortable at a packed bar while I am waiting for said food, especially when I am staring at 8 open tables, and two parties got up and left during the hour I was there, leaving at one point 10 open tables.  It was extremely rude and just straight up didn't make sense.  I asked to speak to a manager who was also extremely dismissive of my complaint.  He told me that all those tables had reservations on them.  However, in the hour an a half I was there not a single person came in to claim any of these reservations.  He said he wasn't taking walk-ins, but then also went on to tell me that it might get busy later because of the big concert and he was trying to keep things under control (which is why we couldn't have a table too).  Now, in the hour a a half I sat at the bar not a single person came in to claim one of these "reservations."  A restaurant does not make reservations for "whenever the party feels like showing up."  They make reservations for a certain time.  If the hostess knew no one would be coming in with these reservations for an hour and half and the party looking for a table in the mean time is only two people, why not seat them instead of ignoring them?  Secondly, if the restaurant wasn't taking "walk ins except for at the bar," why should it matter that it might get busy after the free concert if only reservations are being accommadated and the business after the concert would come from walk-ins anyway?  Finally, I was baffled as to why the manager was so concerned about keeping the tables in his restaurant open for the hypothetical customers that *might* come in when the concert is over at 10 instead of serving actual, real customers willing to spend money right then and there at 8 o'clock.  It was really a shame that we had to deal with such non-sensical rudeness because if it wasn't for that I would give this restaurant five stars.  The food is delicious and they always play Wilco (my favorite band).  However, there are a lot of restaurants in New Orleans that are delicious and play good music; there is no excuse for this level of arrogance.  You're not Galatoire's, Sylvain.  I can walk into Galatoire's, get a table and receive excellent service, what makes you so special?We really enjoyed our dinner here several nights ago. We arrived a bit early for our reservation, but the hostess was more than accommodating, doing her best to get us both seated early and outside. We waited at the bar (really friendly bartender) and then got a table out in the courtyard, which was really pretty. As we sat down, the table was uneven and my cocktail dumped over; the hostess went back to the bar to order me a new one right away. 
The fried eggplant appetizer was so good, as was the shaved Brussels sprouts salad. I tried the pappardelle bolognese (a special that night), which was good but a bit bland. My husband had a shrimp dish that he enjoyed. Wanted to try a rootbeer float dessert but they were unfortunately out.
All in all it was a very pleasant dining experience - nice vibe, super friendly service, good food ... We might return but being from NY it reminded me of a lot of restaurants here and might be more interested in something a bit more "local" feeling next time, if that makes sense. 
Ps the night we were here, Ted Danson, Mary Steenburgen, Jason Sudekis and Olivia Wilde were having dinner, which was cool to see!Came here for my bday dinner, no reservations, luckily got a table but i don't recommend trying your luck by doing the same. The place was packed, so definitely call ahead and have a table reserved. For the second time that day, i was offered to be taken out to a restaurant of my choice, and again i chose to not go with one of my favorites, but rather a new spot i had been eyeing for a while and, alas!
The entrance is via a dark passage off of Chartres St that leads immediately into a courtyard (which i did not explore). Just to the left, is where the hostess met us and the experience began. After informing her we did not make reservations, we were told they were busy (which they were) and that it might be a fifteen minute wait for a table outside. So we put the name in and went to the bar for a couple drinks while we waited. The cocktails were delicious, its always extra good when its free as well.
After about a solid fifteen minutes, the hostess came to us and said they were prepping a table inside for us, awesomeness, because we really didn't want to sit outside, it was one of those humid New Orleans nights we're so famous for, but we would have taken whatever we could have gotten.
I ordered the braised beef cheeks and my date went with a soup and salad. Let me tell you, those beef cheeks were out of this world. I was super impressed with everything about this restaurant from the ambiance (although it was a bit too dimly lit), the service, and obviously the food. The beef cheeks came on a bed of potato puree, laced with sweet onions, field peas, and natural jus. It was one of the best dishes i think I've ever eaten. I know this because we happened to run into the chef outside as we were leaving and i told him that very same statement.
My date was really impressed with her soup which was a white bean puree with some sort of bacon flavored-something--can't-remember, and the roasted pear, smoked onion and arugula salad i also tried and was just nodding at its sapidity. She couldn't finish the salad, so i willingly obliged. I could see myself ordering that salad for takeout a lot.
We just did not have room for dessert, but once our server caught wind it was my birthday, he offered us these delicious shots. I forget the ingredients but it was a creme consistency, with cacao and mint flavor. Definitely a one-shooter shot, not something i could do all night long, but it was perfect for a dessert substitute; and it was on the house.
I'm so happy to have experienced this place, it's not often i treat myself to the spoils of the French Quarter fine dining. I also want to thank and appreciate the manager going around to each table ensuring everything was going well and everyone was enjoying their experience.
Great job!
BTW: Our server was Matt, and he was awesome, thanks again, man!I was pretty disappointed with Sylvain. I had the "chick syl-vain." It was so overdone and dry that I desperately needed the yummy cocktail to finish. My companions, however, enjoyed their meals. One had the same sandwich, so perhaps I just got a bad one. The other surprise was the 7$ bottle of water, which was large enough for 3 glasses but an unexpected charge.Can I just say how ridiculously amazing the crispy pork shoulder was? I mean, better than Cochon, which was slightly dry and left you wishing for more sauce
This shoulder was crispy on the outside and succulent on the inside, with a drizzling of juice on the plate. Served on a mound of cheese grits, which were perfectly creamy and cheesy and well seasoned, and collards that were vinegary and sweet all at the same time. The combination was an amazing flavor explosion, but even separately each item was exceptional. It's easy to see why it's a favorite menu item. 
As a starter I had the beet bruschetta, which was an interesting flavor combination. I thought about saving some for leftovers but decided the bread would get too soggy. The beets were a good flavor and roasted well, and in the dark it looked almost like meat.
I HIGHLY recommend this place for a reasonably priced delicious meal. Bartendress was awesome with her recommendations and had a great manner with her other drinking customers.Uhhh Brussel Sprouts you never forget??
Great ambience and service. Foodie haven and backyard alfresco diningVery, very good food. Excellent service with not too much pretentiousness.  Awesome mix of music they play that wasn't predictable, which was refreshing. Thought I'd like to add it was just me with no reservation and I was seated immediately. Hostess was very kind. The atmosphere is very chill and relaxing.  My waiter was a little pretentious and didn't have friendly people skills but oh well. I normally don't mention waiter professionalism unless the dining experience is expensive. This place is pricey and when I pay that much I do expect the waiter to have some skill with making his tables feel welcome.  I will note that the hostess and bartender were very attentive and cordial. The food was outstanding without question.Perfect ambiance for a cozy (and delicious!) date night! My husband and I had just checked into the Omni Royal after a 10 hour drive and were starving. We didn't have reservations and the earliest available was 930 on a Thurs night (so make reservations for a table ahead of time!). Instead we sat up at the bar and our bartender was super knowledgeable and had awesome food/drink recommendations. Since I'm 8 mo pregnant, they made me a virgin mixed drink with the housemade ginger beer and my husband had one of the best Old Fashions he's had in awhile! (But plans to try their Sazerac next time). We shared the fried eggplant appetizer (SO GOOD) and pork shoulder dinner... holy moly! So stinking good! Even my husband who is super picky and sticks to plain foods loved it. Also, I may have eaten an entire coconut cake to myself for dessert.... No pics bc it was super dark & candle lit. But it was a great dinner to start off our first time in New Orleans!What a great place! We had a party of eight, and the service we received was excellent. Drink orders were taken promptly and arrived quickly. Dinner orders were taken and arrived promptly. Everyone enjoyed their food, but the highlights were the shaved Brussels sprouts salad, the bolognese, and the beef cheeks. Only reason I give Sylvain four stars is due to the ambiance. It was quite dark, so dark that we all pulled out the flashlight apps on our iPhones to read the menu, and it was extremely loud. We will definitely go here again next time we return to NOLA.GET THE CHEESE PLATE! Some of the most unusual cheese I've ever tasted (or smelled) but very good.  Also the beet bruchetta was tasty.  The service is good, even the hostess was friendly which is sometimes hard to find.  The bartenders were very quick, especially considering they were packed!  On a Saturday night it got pretty cramped and pretty loud.  Although they do have outside tables which offer much more room and looked like they would have solved my only problem with the restaurant.Suddenly as you walk along the street...you run into this quaint location.  Outside Patio seating and fresh selections.  Brussel Sprout Salad was an amazing surprise. The fresh pickled vegetable plate and the southern Antipasti was perfect.AH-MAZING!! We had a great dinner here tonight! Started with the tomato and cucumber salad then the beef cheeks and finished with the chocolate ganache. Everything was beautiful and the staff were excellentCute little gastropub with outdoor seating and great for a date night. I got the rose and it was super crisp and light! I choose the 3 course prix fixe menu and got the deviled eggs for my starter, the shrimp and grits for the entree and the chocolate pot de creme. The deviled eggs were so creamy and melted in my mouth and the bacon bites were an excellent addition. The shrimp and grits were delicious and the shrimp was so succulent and the tomato-basil brood and caramelized onions really rounded out the dish. I was stuffed by the time I got to the dessert but the chocolate ganache was so rich and i finished every bit of it!We had a lovely time at Sylvain.  This is a five star review because of the service, but the food and atmosphere was also wonderful (4+). We arrived very early and were seated immediately. Our server, Jacki, was fantastic. She steered us towards the sweetbreads appetizer, which we wouldn't have ordered without her guidance. It was great. Wonderful spice and tanginess to balance out the richness. The grits were absolutely fantastic (the kitchen gave us a special side order), as was the mahi mahi fish special and the pork belly. After we were finished, we asked Jacki what we should do in New Orleans, and she came back with a great list of things to see, eat and do. It was clear that the staff all pooled their recommendations and really wanted us to have a great time.
Food: 4-4.5
Service: 5
Atmosphere: 4We went here based on recommendation from a local and were not disappointed! Food was awesome, especially for the price point!  If you go you should request Dawn as your server - she was fantastic.  We ordered everything she told us to and I mark this one of my best dining experiences to date.  We went with the Sweetbreads and Brussel Sprouts (awesome to eat together) for the starter, then got the pork shoulder and the Pork Milanese for entrees.  This will be a mandatory stop every time we are in NOLA.Wow! This place is wonderful...really, THE best restaurant in the French Quarter...my husband & I easily made our reservation thru YELP, arriving a couple mins early we wer offered a seat at the bar to wait a couple mins, our bartender was gracious& friendly, we ordered a couple glasses of wine, a cheese board(ahhh, the cheese board here is exquisite-I think of it regularly now that I'm back home)...we wer seated promptly. We had a wonderful server that answered all of our questions with ease & in the end we decided on having 2 fish specials & a Brussel sprout salad-divine.simple.clean.gentle. Everything from the door to the dessert was great...I wish I could eat here everyday...thank you SYLVAIN!!!OK - another amazing dinner in New Orleans. Yelp helped us find this place and we used Open Table to get a same-day reservation. I would recommend reservations. The place is small and very popular. You walk through an alleyway and go into the restaurant through the back. There is a small courtyard there where you could eat when weather is nice and the restrooms are back there. The dining room is small and intimate (i.e., tables very close together). There is also a long wood bar. 
Originally, we got a hipster vibe - dim light (so dim that we used the mini candles at the table to read our menus - yes we are old), reclaimed wood, lots of patrons wearing black-rimmed glasses with lots of facial hair (only the guys), you get the picture. However, once my husband asked our waiter his name (Jon Eric) and I mentioned that I went to school in the south and everyone had two names - so I was called Beth Ann - our waiter opened up and we had a wonderful experience. And he's not from the south - but New York. My husband is even copying his facial hair now. 
But back to the food. Our waiter recommended the sweet breads for an appetizer - said they were flavored like hot wings. My husband said "Sold"! After the waiter left, I said -sweet breads are some kind of organ meat - and I googled it - Pancreas. Well, who cares, they were amazing. Order them.
The drinks were awesome - I had a French 75 with lavender and my husband had a bourbon drink with egg - Omar's Flip. Both were recommended by our waiter after he asked us what we liked. Both were amazing.
For entrees, I had the fish special - Mahi Mahi and my husband had the Shrimp Pirlou. Both were fresh, unique and wonderful. 
I would definitely recommend this place and would be on our list if we return to New Orleans.From the front facade of Sylvian, you'd think this establishment is a small, dark hole-in-wall hidden in the French Quarter. Wrong! Once you go in, the place opens up with a gorgeous outdoor patio and tons of seating. Fooled me!
I really wanted their beef cheeks, but they were all out. Sad. We all settled for other entrees - none of which were memorable or blew my mind. 
This is a safe place for dinner if your'e in the area.Interesting place with various sitting areas. Great food. Lively atmosphere, but a little loud. Nice,compact menu. Perfect for my tastes. Homemade pasta was delicious! Excellent service.this is my new favorite nola restaurant!  the food was amazing and the service was superb.  the atmosphere is uber cool, with a walk down a little european like small walkway/alley into a courtyard and restaurant.  
i will be back soon!!!It is overpriced and the flavors are average, at best.  
The courtyard is filled with little critters and droppings.  Upon seeing that, on our way out, I looked up the history of critical code violations, and the list of violations for this place is astonishing.   
Even if there were no other restaurants in the Quarter, I would avoid this place.  Given, however, the multitude of other places within a block or two, I will certainly never return.One of best places I've been in a while. Did not have reservations only took about an hour/hour and he to get a table. Drinks were great (had vodka with fresh lemon juice). We started with a cheese plate...yummy and a  charcuterie plate...Double yum. I followed that with the beef cheeks (which I've never had cheek before) let's just say everyone was trying to steal my plate. We sat in the courtyard it was pretty and intimate.  I can't wait to go back.If you are looking for a quiet and well lit place, keep looking. If you are looking for a restaurant with a cool atmosphere/vibe and eclectic crowd, look no further. Exposed brick. Low lighting. Quaint. 
Our server was knowledgeable and attentive. The Pork Milanese and Shaved Brussels Sprouts Salad were fantastic. The French fries were superb. 
Make sure you save room for the Chocolate Pot de Creme. Rich, smooth and decadent. It will make it into your top 10 Best Dessert list.Amazing all around! My husband and I are total "foodies", I read about this place and saw mixed reviews. Due to location we decided to give it a try and am I glad we did! By far the best meal we had in NOLA! From the sweet potato brushetta, my husbands country fried steak and my pasta, to the dessert and cocktails it was overall a superb experience! Don't be persuaded by poor reviews if you are a foodie! This is a must try!OH my goodness.  I was here for dinner on Saturday night, and it was incredible. Our server was incredible friendly and knew exactly which items on the menu were gluten free for me. I had the garlic sausage and it was delicious! When I asked which desserts were gluten free, he responded that all of them were! We had the chocolate mousse and it was to die for. I can't wait to go back.I love Gastro Pubs and this place is outstanding! I found this on yelp while visiting New Orleans and had to check it out! Make a reservation and you will have no problem getting a great table. The ambiance was awesome and not cheesy like most restaurants in the quarter and truly is a gem! 
We got the eggplant fritters (didn't love the aioli) but the house made hot sauce was a great dipping sauce. Also had the sausage  and  the duck! Both entrees were great. Beer menu is relatively small, but had fantastic cocktails!The beef cheeks.  The richest, most tender beef you ill ever put in your mouth.  Had the chicken liver and it was very good.  Service was just right and meal paced well.  Everyone was friendly.  Menu offerings explained in detail.  Would recommend and I will be back.Absolutely fantastic. The red snapper was one of the most memorable dishes I have ever tasted, and the pork shoulder absolutely blew me away.This place was great. I had the Beef Cheeks and it was cooked perfectly. The server was very good, as well. 
While we had to wait a while to be seated, it was worth the wait.Great atmosphere. Food was amazing. I had the best scallops here. I feel its more of a hip local bar/restaurant. Which i like. i was a visitor of NO myself but I can't stand the tourist traps. I did see a rat in their courtyard at night.  But I'm guessing its pretty normal considering the location.The atmosphere drew me in immediately. It's dim, charming, and romantic. 
Service was friendly. However, the food was not quite what I expected. The bolognese was decent. The pasta tasted hand made, so that was a plus. But something about the execution made the dish coarse-tasting (in the style of the food, not the texture). 
Fiance's pulled pork sandwich was rich and flavorful, but extremely salty. We also had a couple of beers, Hopitoulas and another stout, the name of which I cannot recall. Hopitoulas was on the more watery and less hoppy end of IPAs, and the stout was not strong enough.Sylvain is a perfect little gastropub tucked down a corridor and away from the Bourbon St. chaos. The atmosphere is cozy hipster, but not pretentious. I mean, they serve their dirty martinis in lowballs with seeded olives. You will never find a blue cheese stuffed olive here!  It don't get more down home than that.  My sister and I started off by having the chicken liver crostini! Yum! Very delicate and just a schmere on the costini with some dandelion greens. No need for a big glob to get the full flavor. Then came the deep fried eggplant. I was skeptical as eggplant can be bitter or tough. Not the case. And, the batter must have been infused with a lemon zest in addition to the lemon aioli drizzle because it was noted in the peices without the sauce. Perfect starters!  For the main dish we split the pan fried pork shoulder, grits and greens. This was by far some of the best pork I've tasted! Melt in your mouth tender and the creamy/buttery grits had just a few chunks of hominy to give texture. The greens were perfectly tender, not bitter and had a lovely hint of BBQ sweet/smokiness but I detected no sauce. Not sure how they did that. I may actually have to come back before we leave. That pork is like crack.What to say, what to say... Grade A drinks, decent dish.
Pardon my scoring but I would have to rate it average.
Parking, well as any other location in the French Quarter, it's quite difficult but the key is that it's a block away from Decatur which has good parking after 6 so a thumbs up on location.
The establishment... clean and doesn't stand out but I kinda like that actually. A different story when you step inside cause the place is clean, open, a bit too dark but good enough actually.
Drinks... perfect 10. Not much to say after that. I get gilly when a drink is well balanced, tastes beyond great, and hits the blurry vision spot. Again, a perfect score for that.
As for the food... well this is where it makes it all average. I had the Sylvain Chicken Sandwich. It was slightly dry and all there was, was fried chicken and a piece of uncreative bread. I mean, if the chicken stood alone and was unique, fine but it was again average and although the fries were good, it could hold on its own... it definitely needs to be dressed in some way.
My co-workers said the food was ok and our server was cool.
I'll easily be back for the drinks for sure... and if it's your first, try them out for sure.We stopped here for lunch on Easter. The food was amazing. If you come here, do yourself a favor and get the fried chicken biscuit sandwiches. The braised short rib hash was unlike anything I've ever had, highly recommended. The place is small but quaint inside and you need to go down a little alley to get in. I would have given this place 5 stars but our server wasn't very engaging. She wasn't rude or anything, but every other server we met in NOLA was so happy and upbeat. Don't let that stop you from coming here though, its great!Stopped here for brunch on a friend's recommendation. She was raving about the food before we arrived so maybe my expectations were a little high...
Pros:
- THE best grits I've ever put in my mouth. They were so creamy and delish.
- The brussel sprouts were refreshing and a nice addition to the fattiness of the rest of my meal.
Cons:
- I expected the "crispy pork shoulder" to be, well, crispy chunks of pork shoulder. It's not. It's mushy pulled pork in the shape of a patty, coated and pan fried. Weird. But in their defense, seasoned well.
- The buttermilk biscuits were cold and not delicious.
- The fried egg was over cooked - the bottom was crispy and the yolk was almost hard. 
Their ideas seemed solid.  I would give them another chance. Maybe a cocktail next time would make me like it more!Lovely room, had a last minute table for us when Bayona didn't, waiter knew the menu, knew the wine list (yay!!), wine glasses kept full, food was light and delish (what I was looking for this particular day).  I had the fish with grits (gluten free), dining partner had the sausage with lentils.  We closed it out with the chocolate mousse and port (see why I wanted a light meal??).  The mousse was smokey and sublime.Had an excellent experience here for a bachelorette party. We called ahead and asked if they could do something special for dessert for our friend, which they happily did. The duck confit was excellent! Brussel sprouts were nothing to write home about. Cheese plate was beautiful, with cherries! The whole restaurant had a very relaxed vibe, though it is definitely an upscale place. A little expensive, but for good non-touristy high class food, it was an excellent choice! Glad they are new to the Quarter!The Southern Antipasti was enjoyable, particularly the cheese meats and mustard but the mixed drinks were divine.  The bartender was among the best I have found, able to concoct masterpieces based even on my vague suggestions.  
Among the drinks I enjoyed: 
20th Century Cocktail and the Champagne Cocktail.They make their own tomato juice/Bloody Mary mix and the food is great. Came with a group for drinks and lunch at the bar. All bloodying get a beer chaser which is like they do in Wisconsin (one owner is from Milwaukee)
I'd highly recommend for drink at leastCharming, dimly lit, little restaurant in the quarter with excellent plates that manage to be the right balance of hearty and creative. 
Listed on multiple sites as a top restaurant in New Orleans I snagged a reservation a few weeks in advance and looked forward to visiting. I wasn't disappointed! Excellent plates, delightful drinks, and attentive staff. Dining room has a quaint old world charm to it, with a romantic courtyard in the back. With moody blue/black walls, tea lights, and the old New Orleans windows opening to a dimly lit street, I'd happily pay them to let me sleep here because it's so dreamy.Oh Sylvain, what an amazing dinner!  My husband and I came to eat dinner here on a Monday night, the first night of our trip.  We didn't have a reservation but they were able to seat us out in the patio area almost immediately.  The table wasn't in the greatest location, close to the kitchen, seemed to be added as almost an afterthought, but we didn't mind too much since we were seated so quickly.  We got the smoked fish fritters for an appetizer to split.  GET THIS DISH.  It was absolutely amazing.  I got shrimp & clams fish for dinner and my husband got the pan fried pork shoulder.  We were both blown away!  My only regret is that we didn't save room for dessert.  Our server was wonderful and we didn't have to wait long for our food even though it was clearly busy.  The cocktails were also amazing, I don't remember what we got but I don't think you could go wrong with anything on their cocktail menu.  Great place for a date night!Had an anniversary dinner here. Pleased with everything - service was excellent. Wine suggestions were perfect. We had a grilled redfish special and braised beef cheeks. everything was phenomenal. Nice atmosphere, old South meets new. Very of the moment.Great cocktails and great food. Dined at the bar and it felt comfortable from the minute I walked in.Came here when the doors opened for brunch. It was a bit confusing trying to find the door to enter into the restaurant, go down the side alley adjacent to their storefront and you will end up at a courtyard. Just to the left is the entrance where you will be greeted by the hostess. If you're coming without a reservation I would say come soon after they open as the place seemed to fill up fast.
We ordered 2 fried chicken and buttermilk biscuits to start. These were served with honey butter, and sage gravy. These were delicious, biscuits were fluffy and the fried chicken was tender and moist inside. I got the crispy pork shoulder and grits. It's served with a fried egg and roasted tomato hollandaise. The girlfriend got the braised short rib hash which came with yukon gold potatoes, fried egg, ciabatta, and natural jus. I enjoyed both of these dishes immensely.
Ambiance is hip with some cool, vintage decor. There's a warm, cozy feel to the whole place. If I ever find myself in New Orleans again, it's definitely a place I would try to stop by again and maybe to try some of their dinner offerings.Spectacular.  A dear friend of mine and I ate here tonight.  He had been several times, but it was my first.  Here's what we got:
1. Chicken Liver Crostini - amazing: sweet and savory and makes long-unwoken nerves come to the surface and remind you you're alive
2. Shaved Brussels Sprouts - ok. nice and airy and perfect texture.  could have used a stronger dressing of any kind
3. Crispy Pork Shoulder - holy pig this was yum.  they take shredded pork and make it into crab-cake type thingies, and serve them with watermelon sweet yummy vinaigrette and sauteed spinach. soo good.
4. BEEF CHEEKS - I had not had beef cheeks before tonight, and I was told that they are the most tender dish you can get.  this entree came with five equally-sized portions of braised meat that had the texture of the best pot roast ever, but this time with fat.  the sauce was like a thick stock - gravy reduction and it had amazing mashed potatoes, sauteed spinach, and a few lima beans. 
5. Pappardelle Bolognese - perfectly crafted handmade pasta accompanied by old-fashioned bolognese sauce and reggiano.  very nice.
6. Chocolate Pot de Crème - perhaps the best thing besides love I have ever put between my lips. that's all there is to say.
7. Daily Selection of Sorbet - very nice, but overtaken by #6
The ambiance was perfect and romantic - intimate and quiet.  Being in the quarter lent a magical air to the evening.  Not enough people know about this place yet to make it super busy but I would recommend a reservation all the same.
I don't know what to say about this place.  It's like reviewing nature or church or life itself, even.  Maybe I don't get out to good restaurants often enough, or maybe I don't see dear friends often enough. Whichever the case may be, I found both in perfect synergy tonight at Sylvain, and I can't wait to go back.
P.Was disappointed with the yelp suggestion on this one.  We were 1 of four tables and the it still took 20 minutes for our beet appetizer and then another 30 for our entrees.  The beet goat cheese bruschetta was good. Red snapper special as well. Duck confit was very dry but the s
Vegetable sides were excellent.Food really good. More of a casual feel. Dark inside, great bar area and a few outside tables which are very cute. Could Use  a bit more light inside. Didn't have dessert. Tab was around $150 for two with wine and one appetizer. Full bar and you can sit at the bar as well.I have to say, this place went above and beyond. We showed up hot, sweaty and hungry with no reservation and the hostess went out of her way to fit us in for dinner. What a first impression  that made. We were seated next to the friendliest of couples, who even bought us drinks. the waiter was extremely friendly and helpful and told us the specials and how special they were and even excepted my challenge of picking a good glass of wine to match our appetizer. He nailed it spot on and I enjoyed it with their antipasto, which was absolutely incredible. My wife had the scallops, which she had to close her eyes for each bite since they were done so well. In her words, "they were the best she had ever had". I had the hanger steak, which was cooked to medium rare perfection and blending it with black beans and fried Brussels  sprouts was, to me, genius. The tomato curry soup was so good I almost caught myself licking the bowl..a little embarrassing considering I was under dressed and drenched from the sultry southern air...but they didn't mind. They were only focused on giving us an incredible experience!Don't believe the hype!! We had the antipasti and it was average at best. We also shared the pork shoulder on grits. The pork was very salty and the grits were bland. The service was also very slow. A simple meal took us 75 minutes.Dark and secreted down a dim access alleyway, Sylvain offers some good semi-crafted cocktails, several of interest. I had the scallops with couscous and greens; very good scallops (slightly salty), and really nice couscous and greens. My only complaint, I wish they had doubled the portions of the cous/greens; plenty of scallops, but the sides went too fast.Good food, but not as impressed as we were with other restaurant places in the quarter. Not sure that I would go back. Service was nice but very slow.Slow start with good food but bad music. Would go go back! (New Orleans has a great tradition of fantastic local music...and bland, generic alt-rock was the best they could do?)I was so excited to try Sylvain after hearing my friends' enthusiastic testimonies of how amazing this place is, so you can just imagine how high my expectations were.  Sylvain is such a cute hole in the wall restaurant downtown; if you're not looking for it, it'll be very easy to miss, especially at night.  The restaurant has a very intimate, pub-like, rustic feel that I truly enjoyed.  It would be a good place for a group of friends hanging out or even a date night with your spouse.
My friend and I decided to order the recommended Fried Pork Shoulder and the Beef Cheeks with a bottle of their delicious Riesling.  Wow oh wow, both dishes were as delicious as I expected them to be!  I was especially in love with the beef cheeks, because they literally melt in your mouth.  It was THAT tender.  Both dishes were of perfect proportions and we were happily sated at the end of the meal.  Could it be that finishing that bottle of wine made the experience all the better?  That could be possible, but what the hey, I still think the food was pretty darn good.  My only complaint? I wish the Pork Shoulder had a wee bit more flavor.  Not too much but just a tad bit, and it would have been perfecto!  I would definitely come back for those beef cheeks and a few other items on the menu.  We would have ordered dessert, but then beignets were calling our name so that was that.
Our server was so genial and helpful with helping us decide what to order.  We couldn't have asked for a better experience!After almost a week in NOLA, we were still searching for the perfect dinner.  We found this place on Yelp and we were not disappointed.  After a week of "okay" and over priced meals, our dinner here lifted our spirits.  We didn't have a reservation, but they got us in right away out in the back patio area ... PERFECT!  quiet, secluded, and really cool!
The service was stellar.  We started off with some cocktails, the "Moscow Mule" was an excellent, well mixed drink that tasted just like lemonade with a kick.
Kevin had the Roasted Texas Quail ... it was nicely seasoned, well cooked and a really nice dinner.  I had the Braised Beef Cheeks ... I hadn't had the "cheeks" before so I was a bit apprehensive but they were really, really good ... tender, well seasoned and a wonderful sauce.
This was definitely our nicest dinner of the week, only wish we had found it earlier so we could return to try something else on the menu.  The desserts looked amazing, but we were just too full to try them.Go here every time I'm in town. Great vibe, solid food, good cocktails and ideal for late night eats. Sometimes the attitude upon your arrival in the courtyard can be snobbishly pretentious (c'mon folks, ya ain't in Brooklyn), but whatever. Anyway, That's only a mild gripe. This place rocks.My husband's note on the ticket said it all, "FANTASTIC!!!" The scallops dish was worth writing home about.  EnjoyThe dinner I had here was very good and I found it to be price appropriate. If our waitress had been more attentive I would probably be giving them 5 stars. Also, she knew nothing about wine, which I find unforgivable..... I absolutely love the ambiance and the courtyard. Went back a few nights later just for drinks and sitting outside with a cocktail was awesome. I will say that this place seems in a sort of limbo between wanting to be an upscale restaurant and hip bar. At dinner there were multiple young children in the place, which I found odd, and annoying. On the second visit, which was much later in the evening, the music was louder and it felt more like a bar. It was great for what we were looking for. But I do think at some point they may need to decide what exactly they are. Paying top dollar for good food is fine, but you do want to feel like your getting the service and experience that should come with that.Small venue/inside seating very dark and loud/Courtyard area small also.  Made 7:30 reservation.  At 7:50 with empty tables all around we were finally seated table for 2.  Food was excellent and prices very reasonable.  Had chicken liver costini and pan seared pork shoulder with grits and greens - delish!  Hubby had Brussels sprout salad and hamburger medium well.. all fantastic.  (Was told ordering burger medium well would take longer for our order ). It did take awhile for our order.  Manager came over to apologize..said they were slammed due to music festival.  We would go back to try brunch.  Very laid back service - prepared to be there awhile and enjoy you food!Great place!! We had a fabulous dinner and great service! I ordered the scallops and an Old Cuban to drink. It was outstanding!! Looking forward to coming back again.The entrance to Sylvain is through the courtyard on the side of the building. Very charming in the courtyard and the actual restaurant. We ordered a few glasses of wine and both were great. Started with two small plates - a crab ravioletta and a seasonal salad. The ravioletta was light and fresh and the seasonal salad was excellent, with beats, tomatoes, cucumbers and a light touch of olive oil. One of us ordered the seared scallops and the other ordered the papardelle. These were both stars! The downside to the meal was desert - we ordered the coconut doberge cake which was very dry and we did not finish the plate (very unusual!). Will come back to again!Cuisine is excellent and environment are romantic however the music sounded borrowed from Abercrombie and louder than I remember.  The server's affect was condescending and was the nail in the coffin for our dining experience.Very good food. We had the jambalaya, redfish, and shrimp &  grits, all we're super good. Jeremy had a very intimate understanding of the menu and was very helpful.Don't believe the hype.  Went to Sylvains with colleagues and we were really disappointed with the food.  I had the duck confit and it was dry - I'm not sure why they bothered serving it.  The duck was less tasty than the roast chicken that you would get at the supermarket, and it was like 23 bucks.  A few people ordered the burger and asked for it to be medium.  Instead, all burgers were overcooked.  The burger was basically dry meat between bread.  No lettuce,tomatoes pickles or anything offered on the side.  I thought the servers were good and attentive but I would never come back here to eat.Came a few times trying to sneak in for lunch or dinner but the wait times were insane. We stayed for a drink however. Great cocktails and very friendly bartenders.Had such a great dinner at Sylvain with my co-workers. Was never a huge fan of NOLA food, but I might be converted. Only complaint is that it was too dark, but that's not such a bad thing sometimes.This weekend I had the chance to visit Sylvain in New Orleans  Sylvain is a wonderful small restaurant neatly tucked in the French Quarters on Chartres Street. It's right in the midst of all the French Quarter action. While at Sylvain I was able to try 2 appetizers and one entrée, which rate highly for the taste of each dish.  I tried the fried eggplant, chicken liver crostini, and the Chick-Syl-Vain Sandwich. If you know anything about me, you know I love eggplant, so it was only right I try it.  The fried eggplant included parmigiano reggiano and lemon aioli. The flavor was unbelievable; it just melted in my mouth with the lemon aioli flavors.  I surely could eat this dish as an entrée! I later tried a little chicken liver crostini with Maras Farm's sprouts and dandelion.  It was a yummy pate and surprised me that I liked it!  For entrée, I went with Chick-Syl-Vain chicken which included buttermilk-fried chicken breast with home-made pickles and fries. I first need to talk about the pickles; I just thought they were cucumbers, but once I bit into them, I realized it was the best pickles I ever had. The chicken was phenomenal and dare I say dreamy. The fries were addictive and well-seasoned. Truly a great experience at Sylvain Restaurant.
The service was great! Servers continued to check on us and help us out. Its a pretty small place and can get really loud, so if you were planning to have an intense convo this is not the place for you, other than that you are good!Oh. My. God.  That pulled pork sandwich was awesome.  Like buttah.  Melt in your mouth fantastic.  Comes with collard greens on it.  Yum.  Washed down with prosecco.  No room for dessert.  My dining companions had the duck confit which was a huge hit.  The tuna steak also done to perfection apparently.  My salad was the daily market salad and it was ok -- would have skipped that if I knew better.  My friend said the pork belly salad was the best on the planet.  Reasonably priced.  The restaurant was VERY VERY loud.  Prob not a good place for soft talkers.  Staff was super friendly and helpful.  Will definitely eat her again. Oh and do yourself a favor, make a reservation or you will be SOL, eating Krystal burgers instead.Best meal in Nola. We had the fish fritters as an appetizer, which are what hush puppies were intended to be. I ordered the braised beef cheeks, which were cooked and flavored perfectly. My husband had the fried pork shoulder and said it was excellent. Finished with chocolate pot de creme for dessert, which had a nice caramel glaze on top. The cocktails were also excellent -- best Vieux Carre and Sazeracs in the French Quarter. All in all an exceptional meal.This was an ok place - it was sprinkling so there wasn't any seating in the courtyard, so we ate inside where it was extremely loud.  I had the pork shoulder and my honey had the pork milanese. He liked his, mine was good but extremely rich. So rich that it was difficult to eat it. The service was good and the ppl were nice, just not that great of a meal for the price. Probably wouldn't go back.Perfectly cooked seafood. Lovely setting. Great place to get away from Mardi Gras craziness.Far from Bourbon Street, and close to God.  
I tended to avoid the Quarter when I lived in New Orleans, primarily because of the tourists but also because there was no shortage of good food near my Uptown abode.  However, Sylvain did not exist when I lived there, otherwise I might have been cabbing to the FQ more often.
This is craft cocktails and craft food.  I'm not a cocktail drinker in general, but I make an exception at this place.  Your best bet is to sit at the bar and put yourself into the masterful hands of the mixologists who know their stuff.  Great Sazeracs, a terrific Aviation, yummy 20th Century...tell them the flavors you want and they'll come up with something delicious on the spot.  I discovered the Paloma here (Like button pressed).  The wine and beer list is decent as well.
The food is upscale comfort.  I'd recommend a number of appetizers including the Southern Antipasti plate, chicken liver crostini, and roasted beet bruschetta.  The sweetbreads were done "buffalo style" and after having it there first, I've seen it elsewhere.  Their fries are a perfect late night munchie food as you're stumbling your way through the Quarter.  Mostly I like to sample appetizers, but they have full range of entrees (pork sandwich is delish).
They also have a highly recommended Sunday brunch buffet to end your weekend with a bang.They have the best burger in town.  It melts in your mouth, that beef is just so damned juicy and rich with excellent tastes.  Also the bartenders excel at making cocktails AND have the patience of saints.  WHO DAT?  I can't wait to go back.The salad with sweet potatoes and apple was very disappointing. We barely had one chunk of sweet potatoes and apple. 
The fish of the day was excellent. The burger Sylvain was correct but not particularly outstanding. 
The waiter was not very happy.Great atmosphere and great food a little off the beaten path but still conveniently located. A great place to stumble upon. Yum!Had the fish with a succotash and wonderful stock. Awesome cook on the fish and perfectly made. Peanut butter sandwich for dessert. Delicious.One of the best in the Quarter. Here's why:
1. If you're a local, you might actually find other locals in this charming French Quarter spot. 
2. The ambiance is exactly what it should be for a side-alley gastropub - it's dimly lit with great music and a super rustic, cool - we aren't trying too hard - vibe. 
3. The bartenders - if you're looking for a perfectly prepared craft cocktail, you've found your spot. Shoutout to Ellie, Tristan, Chris & co. for always making our experience at your bar perfect. Y'all are warm and welcoming and your cocktails are always (ALWAYS!) on point. Cheers! 
And finally,
4. The Chick-Sylvain. Fried chicken on a fresh bun with house pickles. One of God's gifts to humans, for sure. 
Sylvain represents the very best of New Orleans and if you're fortunate enough to be in this amazing city, you really should make it a point to visit this gem.Some swell food here people! Had two (2!) Moscow Mules to start because I saw the bartender chopping up fresh ginger for the ginger simple syrup that was about to go in there.  Yum.  Had an early rez, that's all we could get.  Still, we had some great food.  I started off with the Sicilian orange salad.  That was truly delicious.  My friend got a special salad made with white balsamic vinegar that she said was so good she kept quiet because she didn't want to share.  Entree for me was garlic sausage over small lentils - these were very tasty indeed.  My dessert was the star, though.  Pot de Creme.  Chocolate.  Just do it!I was SO excited to try Sylvain and ended up being super disappointed by the food. The atmosphere was perfect. The bar and inside area was dark and lovely, the outside was charming and romantic. We had a few drinks that were pretty good, and a salad that we both enjoyed. We shared two other apps and both weren't even worth finishing. I also rarely say this but our server was very.... well, rude. I would come back here to have a drink or two at the bar with friends, but I'd probably grab dinner before.Food was 3 stars but service was very poor.  Wait staff seemed very scattered, confused, disorganized.  Never got all the food, finished my entree before I got a glass of wine (after asking 3 times).  Table next to us walked out.  When I complained about service, waitress shrugged then walked away.  Maybe they were short staffed or having a bad night but the restaurant was not full and it was only 7pm.  Don't reward businesses that offer such bad service and such poorly trained staff.  Food was ok but beets were not fresh and pork was over salted.  There's much better food in New Orleans.  Don't get suckered in by the ambiance (which is nice).So delicious! I can't get over how great this place was! I had the scallops and they were so buttery and perfectly cooked. My husband had the pork shoulder and could barely talk he was so busy scarfing down his food. And the pot du creme for dessert was so out of this world good! Definitely would come back.One of my favorites in New Orleans. Great cocktails and really solid food. Local hang out in the QuarterHad dinner here last night for the first time, and it was a terrific experience all around. The setting (outside in the courtyard), the service (thanks Joe!) and the food were all fantastic. All of the staff we encountered were so friendly, from the hostess to the food runner to the other servers. The food was amazing, too. We started with the lightly fried and not-at-all greasy eggplant with burratta. I had the fried chicken sandwich, my husband had the beef cheeks, and my MIL had the pasta. We all loved our entrees. I highly recommend Sylvain!Our dinner at Sylvain was really good. Dark restaurant, as everyone says. But nice atmosphere really. 
I had the pasta bolognese and it was delicious. Light pasta noodles and tasty meat sauce at its best. Nice portion size too--meaning not a bowl the size of your head. My husband had the pork shoulder which he loved, and my kids both liked their hamburgers. So a little something for everyone.Sigh..so good we had it twice while we were here! I think we achieved stage 5 clinger status with the staff lol. 
Stumbled upon this restaurant because NOLA had no reservations available (see my review for NOLA separately). Entrance is on the side and through a somewhat badly lit corridor to the back. Outdoor garden seating is nice but could be bad on a rainy day with no cover. 
On to the food! First time we started with the chicken liver bruschetta and the soup of the day (watermelon tomato gazpacho). Both were amazing. The chicken liver is a bit heavy (pate) so consider that if you are not too hungry and want to get dessert. I got the fish of the day which was a snapper over angel hair pasta and some sort of corn broth. Sounds a bit strange but it was seriously the best meal I had my entire stay in New Orleans. My bf got the pork shoulder which he thought was perfectly cooked and seasoned. 
2nd trip there..we came on empty stomachs having only had beignets at Cafe du Monde in the morning. We got the  soup again (this time a mushroom and okra) and also got the small serving seared scallops. The soup was great, maybe a little heavy handed on the oil. Scallops were perfect..I absolutely hate when they are done wrong. It sounds a bit pricey for $16 for 2 scallops but they were enormous as was served over a bed of couscous with grapes and pine nuts (?)..so it was a fairly complex dish and worth the price. The manager sent out the chicken liver gratis (many thanks to all of the staff) probably because our previous server recognized us when we walked in. Liver was delicious as per the first trip. I got the fish of the day again, this time the drum over spinach and carrots. Well executed again but my favorite is still the snapper on the first trip. Bf got the beef cheeks this time and I thought his head would explode from the flavor. He could not stop singing his praises. We shared the panna cotta which was light and delicious. I can't believe we had 3 apps, 2 entrees, and a dessert between the two of us. 
Besides the food, we also have to say the staff were great. Very approachable and helpful throughout our meals.Hands down one of my favorite meals of my trip to NO.  Reminded me more of a restaurant in Williamsburg or LES then anything else.  The hipsters were out in full force.
Started with  a Sazerac...  classic, bourbon with a sweet finish
Appetizer - Rice balls were sooo light and fluffy.  Reminded of cod fish fritters without the cod.  perfectly cooked pillows!
Salad - Orange Salad.  No words.  perfect
I had the beef cheeks which were braised to exquisite tendrness over mashed potatoes.   I almost licked my plate.  My friend felt the same way about her pork shoulder
We were too stuffed for desert... but if ever in NO,  check this place out for sure.  My friend said the brunch was excellent as wellLoved, loved, loved it. Out of the way, beautiful courtyard, fantastic Moscow Mules, delicious pork shoulder, friendly, efficient staff. Can't wait to come back!!Taste buds explosion! 
1. Ambiance: has a gastropub feel. Rustic. Relaxing. Make a reservation to get a table. My group was fortunate and we were able to sit at the bar
2. Food: I got the pork shoulder with an egg over grits. This mish mash of ingredients was amazing! Kudos to the chef for not only bring able to perfectly complement the flavors, but the textures coalesced into perfection!This place was great! We stopped in for a quick snack and some drinks before a night ghost tour.  The drinks were awesome and we got the Brussels salad and cheese plate and were super happy!  I wish we ate dinner here. I would definitely suggest eating here!The perfect gem in the French Quarter. Had the Antipasto app and the fish special. I will definitely be returning the next time I am in New Orleans!Really nice upscale bar/restaurant. We only came for drinks and the fried sweet breads which were super tasty.  Fried Louisiana style and the sauce was very nice, just enough spice.
Drinks were pretty good, I had a moscow mule, which was pretty standard tasting, which works for me.Really dug the brussels sprout salad and the seasonal salad was to die for! Friend had the mushroom bruschetta and it was so good I had to beg for a taste. Potato empanadas were just ok, and the cocktails (while fancy and yum) were teeny tiny for $11. Great ambiance and location. Whipped chocolate custard dessert to share at the end was heavenly. One of the better menus for vegetarians in the city to boot! Would love to go back.Great service. Atmosphere is lovely, the backyard is gorgeous. Great ambience.
Curried potato empanadas !! Omg delicious!!! Veal sweetbreads - good! Hanger Streak was perfectly cooked. 
Unfortunately my Chick-Syl-Vain sandwich which had raving reviews came out cold, the batter was not crispy, think it had been sitting in the kitchen a while because the fries were also cold. :( otherwise this would have been a perfect mealSimply put, this place is amazing!!! For a starter we had the meatball app- excellently prepared, beautiful sauce, everything one would want from the dish. I had the steak- perfectly rare, an uncommon find at any restaurant- and the accoutrements made for a uniquely flavorful experience: the brussel sprouts added a nutty quality, the crema and salsa added a punch of flavor, and the black beans kept things grounded. My wife had the FOD- Mangrove Snapper, pan seared. To save time, I'll say that as much as I loved my dinner, I found myself envious of her plate. Chocolate mouse for dessert- decadent, rich, and not overly sweet. Beautifully done. Drinks- while they're not listed as a specialty, you're doing yourself a disservice if you don't get the Sazerac here- they make them perfectly balanced in a way I rarely have seen, and I order quite a few about town. Ambience is wonderful, hard to believe that you're only feet away from prime tourist trap areas. Service is beyond reproach, above and beyond expectations in a city that takes pride in providing patrons with an excellent experience.... Long story short, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED from a couple who live here and have been too a significant number of places in town. We'll definitely be back!!!I know that FQ New Orleans is a hub for tourist. (which is why I was there)  There are a lot of restaurants that end up with 5 star ratings because people are walking in without comparison and stars in their eyes on vacation. That being said, this place deserves all five stars. Even if it were on a street rowed with ten other gastropub competitors I would give this place 5 stars. 
It's a hip laid back place near Jackson Square with small signage that you'd probably miss 2 out of 3 walk bys. It is cozy and quiet, with indie music piped through the speakers and feels different than other FQ choices. I'd say this place belongs closer to Frencham st. or Magazine and maybe that's why it stood out as so starkly different than the other fried seafood platter places I've eaten at in the FQ before. Each dish was creatively executed and plated with care and it really stands out, that and the good tastes. 
We started with the cheese plate and the shaved brussel sprout. The cheese plate had three great cheeses, ranging from soft to hard, locally pickled grapes that were surprisingly awesome, and toasted baguettes. Shaved brussel sprouts were somewhat flavorless to me but also a good lite bite starter.
Also, to note were the cocktails. Aside from the NOLA traditional drinks they had some other great concoctions. Since my meal was more of a brunch time, I had the Table Tennis which was a pimms, white ale, and citrus over ice. Very refreshing with a small kick. 
Very unique spot compared to your other choices in the quarter and highly recommend a lazy lunch here. I'll definitely be back.The food here is always amazing. I live for the shaved Brussel sprout salad and the beef cheeck entree. I like to sit at the bar and enjoy watching the bartenders doing their craft. They also have daily specials that have yet to let me down. This place is one of my top places to eat in the French Quarter.Service and front of staff were excellent! Cocktails were ridiculously good but the cooks were under heavy fire when we went as it was towards New Year's and the dishes were a mixed bag especially disappointimg was the Bolognese which lacked the typical stewey meat sauce consistency that one would expect. Let me add that most dishes were good. Had a lovely time anyhow as we sat in the heated outdoor garden. 
We liked a cocktail so much we ended up ordering one of the ingredients on Amazon on the spot.Stumbled upon this place in a fit of hunger. I really have to do that more often if the results are as fantastic as this place. First you walk down this very intimidating alley to get to the hostess, don't be intimidated just keep walking! We got a seat at the bar, this is a very small place....reservations, reservations, reservations. Can't stress that enough. 
Cocktails. Very well made. My son had a Sazerac, mine the Ikebana. They were both good and well made. Dinner was good. My son ordered the hanger steak...couldn't figure out a way to get him to give it to me. Mine was no slouch but his was just that good. I had the pasta. It was made in house and good. Not as good as his though. 
Will return again.First if you want to go here make a reservation a couple days in advanced and if its nice outside sit in the courtyard. 
Now the review, the food was great! We started with the cheese plate, which isn't one of those tiny cheese plates that you see at some restaurants, it was a cheese plate of awesomeness and had bigger then normal wedges so our party of 4 all got a good amount of the 3 cheese options. 
I got my 2nd choice, the Gulf Shrimp Pirlou for my meal only because my first option, the beef cheeks, which is one of there popular dishes was not ready. The waiter said they cook them for 24 hrs and are a huge favorite with the staff and customers. I guess ill have to go back one day for these. But my 2nd choice was still delicious. The shrimp were very big and cooked perfectly. 
the other dishes we got were the Country Fried Steak and the Pappardelle Bolognese. 
The country fried stack has a smokey carrot puree under it that is very good. Warning this dish is huge but very good.
The Pappardelle Bolognese was ok. It wouldn't be something to go there for they have other dishes that are better and have cool flavor combination.
The service was great as well and the drinks are good. Try the Police and Thieves if you like rum.Atmospheres and Service was great and food was alright. It's a great late night bite pig out spot. I got the Sylvian Chick Sandwich the fries were really good that came with a Cajun spice but the burger size was too big. It was like a whole bird was put under two pieces of bread under a serving of bland chickenThis is as home made as it gets. We were told that the cook actually makes the sausages from scratch himself!
The restaurant operates on a first come, first served basis, so either be early or expect to wait a bit to get a table. It's worth the wait though. We had toured San Francisco, LA and Houston before arriving at New Orleans, and still this might have been our best meal so far.
The unpretentious atmosphere also made us feel right at home, and with the friendly staff this is the place to go to if all you want is to relax and have great food.I'm not sure what I was expecting, but it didn't reach as high as I thought.  The beet bruchetta was a great appetizer, but my duck entree seemed rather plain.Yum! This has been one of my favorite restaurants in NoLa so far.
LOCATION
Right in the French Quarter, tucked just far enough away that you don't hear the noise but close enough to the action be convenient. Cute courtyard and nice (albeit slightly dark) dining room. It doesn't get much better than this.
SERVICE
It took a few minutes to get us seated despite having a reservation, but the service was spot on for the rest of the meal. The waitress was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu and the specials.
FOOD
The important part...we had:
Fried Eggplant and Burrata - perfectly cooked, married well with the burrata
Gulf Fish Crudo - the fish was fresh but could have used more flavor
Fries - delicious and in generous portions! They make their own hot sauce
Shaved Brussel sprouts - stand-out item for me. Fresh and a great combination of ingredients
Seasonal market salad - another stand-out item, great pickled fish
Pan-fried pork shoulder - braised greens and grits were great, the pork itself was a little on the dry side compared to others I've had
Daily fish preparation - flavorful, well grilled trout
This is really underpriced compared to other NoLa establishments, given the quality of the food. We'll be back.Ate at Sylvain on New Year's Eve. Everyone who works there seems to care about making sure people have a good time eating great food. Simply put: this is what a restaurant should be: simultaneously elegant and comfortable. We shared a bunch of stuff around the table, including the bruschetta and beef belly for apps, the shaved brussels sprouts salad, and then mains of pork shoulder and pappardelle bolognese. The pasta, as others have noted, is perfectly executed. Everything got good marks on taste, texture, and presentation. For dessert, the chocolate pot de creme was the best I've ever had and is recommended over the other desserts. Our waiter was Scott, and he made great suggestions on both food and wine.Very sexy restaurant.   Great atmosphere. Smoked onion on the pear salad is amazing.   Drinks were flawlessA really hole in a wall place in the French Quarter.  I have to say this place is a true gem for a lovely date in New Orleans.  The braised beef cheeks are a must order. It is juicy, soft and seasoned well that it is not too salty. It lays on top of potato puree with sweet onion. Lovely and awesome.  I also ordered the pan friend pork shoulders. great taste for pork lovers and complimented very well with grits and braised greens. I have to say its better than NOLA.Found this joint at the end of Chatres St - and it blew me away. Don't be fooled by the 'hipster' comments. The staff and clientele were friendly, helpful and kinda cool.
It's everything I want from NOLA and more - simple, well cooked food and the cocktails are astonishing. Try the Sylain Pimms for a rocket fuel refresher.
I had the beef cheeks and a brussel sprout salad - kicked off with some roasted almonds with chilli.
Everything just fell in to place. Well done to the staff, and especially our mixologist who took time, despite being very busy, to answer questions and make a little small talk....was last there, Aug. 2011, a weekend trip from Baton Rouge, where I was shooting a film. I love and miss this place!! A very cool, non-touristy, with a slight old school "speak-easy" feel to it, historical french quarter joint!!! 
I specifically remember a drink called MAGNOLIA SHORTY my bartender/mixologist concocted for me, can't wait to knock back a few more them!! 
Suppose to be working on another film project (fingers crossed), shooting this time, right there in New Orleans, sometime this year. If so, I'm kickin' it at Sylvains', at the least, every-other-day while there... :)The crispy pork shoulder over grits is New Orleans cuisine graduate school.
The fresh squeezed orange juice is the perfect complement. The service was 5 star,  polite waitresses and true NOLA courtyard ambiance. 
At this point I really don't like writing long reviews on yelp so I'm just going to type until they let me post this by filling up with random words.  Hallelujah  Hallelujah........Love this place. Everytime we are in New Orleans we stop here. The food is great, the drinks are better and the staff are friendly. I'd give them 5 stars but I reserve that for the insanely blow my mind away place that I so rarely find.My wife and I stopped in Sylvain for a cocktail and were pleasantly surprised.  Great atmosphere and the drinks were even better.  The bartenders did amazing things with fresh fruit and bitters.  Our favorite was the Magnolia Shorty...very refreshing and not too sweet.  We had a couple apps...the shrimp cocktail and bruschetta were equally delicious.I've had brunch and dinner here and both were solid meals. I admit I wasn't feeling well when I had dinner there but the variety and uniqueness of the choices was really great. The brunch was excellent with their Brussels sprout salad and omelettes, eggs and grits were all very well seasoned and tasted great.Sadly I had higher expectations of this restaurant.   Perhaps because it was Halloween it was an off night.  The entry was inviting and the hostess very friendly so I still had high hopes.  But once seating I found our waiter a bit too snooty and the food lackluster. The eggplant appetizer was bland and as other reviewers have noted not all entrees on the menu were available so  I found the menu somewhat limited.Fabulous!!!! My husband had the beef checks & before I knew it, they were gone!  I got a bite and they were YUMMY!  I had the scallops with a pumpkin relish,  OMG! The scallops came with flash fried Brussels sprout leaves and a creamy cauliflower- man o man was it good!  We also had the Jungle Bird cocktail, fabulous!  Dawn was the best server and very attentive.  This is a don't miss in NOLAMy wife and I split the beef cheeks and the pan-seared pork shoulder (like card cakes with pulled pork instead of crab!). Both were fork tender and delicious. Topped it off with chocolate pot de creme. The atmosphere was intimate (dark and romantic). Perfect spot for a dinner date in the French Quarter!Best meal we had eating 3 days in the Quarter. Cool and upscale but no fake opulence, no pretension, no damn white table cloths or white shirts on waitstaff. Just the best food possible.Want to eat in The Quarter, but escape all the tourists? This is a great option.
The ambiance is nice and quiet, it's like you're tucked into a private garden. The staff was really friendly, squeezing us in no problem with no reservation. 
The cocktails were really well made. They had a solid list, nothing too overwhelming. The food was really good! I ordered the Beef Cheeks: incredibly tender and a very light beef dish. It came over mashed potatoes and some greens. I was very satisfied but not overly full. 
I would love to go back to see it in it's prime hour!We visited Sylvain on our last night in NOLA.  We had indulged in all of the NOLA cuisine for a few days - I needed something different- but equally amazing - so after a YELP search, we were happy to have found Sylvain.  We are gastropub fans, and this one did not disappoint.  It was very busy on a Monday night, no tables available at 9pm, so we sat at the bar where we wined and dined on their Syrah, the old Cuban the burger with fries and the beef cheeks - all VERY delish and the service was great!  The ambiance was very enjoyable.As quirky as the space is, as wonderful and good vibe it gives.  The staff were super friendly.  If the weather is nice, try to sit in the back courtyard they have, otherwise their dining area is wonderful.  We sat by the window looking at the people traffic on the sidewalk.
The food was amazing, we had a selection of plates and appetizers and everything was exceptional and creative.
You can taste the freshness and the seasoning.
French with NOLA flavors.  
Loved the place!  ThanksFirst, the high points: My cocktail (ironically called the No Fun) was delightful, the space was adorable, and our entrees were amazing. The Beef Cheeks dish that came so highly recommended in many reviews didn't disappoint and the daily Mahi Mahi special hit all the right notes. The entrees really saved the day for us. My advice is (and the foodie in me can't believe I'm about to suggest this) to skip the starters and salads courses and head straight to the main course. 
The lows were absolutely miserable. The portions in our cheese plate were generous, but were accompanied by a cherry compote that was unpleasant. The alcohol wasn't cooked out of the sauce, leaving it runny with a funny aftertaste. We had a cauliflower and romanesco salad that could only be described as lazy. Irregularly chopped (this went way past rustic), it somehow managed to be both over dressed and under seasoned, served we couldn't tell if it was meant to be al dente or raw. It's clear it wasn't tossed before being plated (all the nuts in the dish were on the bottom of the plate) and it was blanketed with shredded cheese, as if they knew it was embarrassing enough to be hidden. We really should have sent it back. 
But the truly worst part of it all was the music played in the restaurant. My hubby is a music lover of all kinds and even he was turned off. I don't have the words to describe how terrible it was. Imagine dischordant, experimental, hard core music playing while you're trying to enjoy your meal. It felt like we were being screamed at during the meal. We would have stayed for dessert if it weren't for the music. It was that bad. Look, y'all, we're not asking for Muzak here, but something a bit more crowd friendly would be appropriate for fifty dollars per person.
We've been to New Orleans over a dozen times, and this is about as close as we've gotten to a "bad" experience with a restaurant. Considering how cutthroat the competition is out there, you might consider a few tweaks.Menu is easy to read and has great options. 
The pork shoulder is fantastic, you won't regret ordering it.Great wine by the glass selection, Rose' of the day was wonderful. Food was a standout, shaved brussels sprout salad and pan fried pork shoulder is fabulous. Service was great, atmosphere to match. Great addition was the couple visiting from London that also found the experience exceptional. Highly recommended!Sylvain was a lot of great things and a few not-so-great, so I'm going to try to be fair to both.
We tried to make reservations on a weekday night and couldn't get them until 9:30 - we didn't have anything else to do until then, so decided to head over and see if we couldn't get in a little quicker.  They sat us at 9:00 when we arrived by showing us to their outdoor back patio area.  
The back patio is a great little area with plants, several tables, very private, and we were shocked that nobody else was back there!  That is, until the air conditioner kicked in.  It's the giant thing about seven feet tall and three feet from every table that sounds like a hurricane moving through.  After a while we gave up on trying to talk and asked to be moved inside, which the staff was then able to accommodate.
The inside is *dark*.  I was able to see reasonably well, but the older people I was with couldn't see at all.  Sylvain offered and provided flashlights for them.   It's also pretty noisy inside (but nothing like the back courtyard).
The best part was the food.  We had the sweetbreads appetizer, which was phenomenal - slightly crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside.  I'm not normally a fan of buffalo-style anything, but I fork-fought the rest of my table to get my portion.  I had the duck confit with duck/porn sausage, which was really well done.  Again, slightly crunchy on the outside with a chewy center.  The white beans it was over tasted great and were a nice departure from the red beans you'll get in every other restaurant in nola.  Another member of my party had the "beef cheeks", which were also amazing.  Soft like butter and marinated into a fantastic flavor.
FYI, the yelp menu as of this review is outdated, Sylvain has updated to different items.  The new menu is more expensive than the old one, so we ended up spending more than we expected, ~150.00 for three of us.Great and interesting cocktails.  Good beer selection.
The Heirloom Tomato salad was AMAZING.  Easily the best "tomato/cheese/greens" salad I've had, and I've had some good ones.
Burger was so-so.  Basic, well-made, good fries.  Not bad, but not amazing.
Overall enjoyed the place; based on the salad, I should've gotten something more interesting than the burger for dinner.We had brunch there and enjoyed the food while the crazy world of the Quarter passed. Good French toast. The eggs were best I have had in a restaurant in a long time. Nice smoked bacon. Biscuits could have had more gravy on them. Will be back.Was in New Orleans for a conference and this was one of the places I visited for dinner outside of the regularly scheduled meals. Sylvain was definitely a bad choice. As dark as being in a cave during an eclipse, I can only assume it is because they will be going out of business soon and can't pay the electric bill. I had the fried chicken sandwich, which was fine but nothing to write home about. With all of the fabulous places in New Orleans, missing this one won't cause you any heartache.Absolutely Amazing!!! The fish of the day was delicious as well as the amazing drinks from Ellie and Lilly!! They even customized a sampler tasting of their specialities that were phenomenal!!!Food was excellent. Had the shaved Brussel sprout salad and the beef cheeks. Beef cheeks were very tender. Service was ok. Loved the outdoor patio.We visited for brunch last Saturday.
It was Awesome!
I had the Vietnamese breakfast with Hanger steak, eggs and toasted baguette with pate. It was so good! I am gonna learn how to make it at home.
The wife had shrimp and grits. Very good.
Service was excellent.
We will be back.
RogBEST food I've had yet in NOLA. Reminds me of a place I would typically find in SF or Napa. Plus the decor is awesome.It's pretty difficult to find high quality food in the Quarter and this establishment really does it proper.  The atmosphere is awesome and all of the servers seem very happy.  Definitely one of the best restaurants that you will encounter in New Orleans.What a great little place. The food was awesome and the ambiance is great. The cheese platter was awesome!  I had the fried chicken sandwich and it was great. My wife had the shrimp and loved it. We would recommend.This place was brilliant! We went here for our first night in New Orleans and were so impressed with the atmosphere, service & food. I had the Moscow Mull cocktails (so good if you like ginger ale) & had Quail entree (perfectly cooked & well balanced) They were so good we're planning on going back for dinner before we leave. 
You gotta try it!!We enjoyed not one, but two excellent meals with A1 service.  The fish and the shrimp dishes were deliciously prepared with vegetables.two words: BEEF CHEEKS.
Okay, a few more words. I love love love this place. It's a nice restaurant, the food is delicious and the folks that work here are so nice. I can't wait to go back to New Orleans and eat here again. Specifically the beef cheeks. On the patio.Darren served us at the bar, awesome ambiance in an old fashioned structure, dim lighting, perfect for canoodling with that special someone. Food--outstanding. Highly recommend the mushroom bruschetta--addictive! Also funky selection of local and european brews. Overall, great dining/bar experience. Kudos to Darren!Ok- here's the deal which captures this place:  you feel like a delicious crisp apple- shuffle through the stack, n there it is- no bruises and perfect color, just like this place- but when you launch in for that bite, it's a b- w subpar flavors, service and bang for your buck- the pasta was good but it was hell getting condiments to add that savory slam homerun...also came short on the fresh green go-to herbs; the burger was a buzzkill w scant fries to add fancy frills- wouldn't recommend that Apple or this restaurant!This restaurant was amazing! We werent sure where to eat one night in NOLA, and found Sylvain on yelp thankfully!  I had braised beef cheeks that I still dream about- so tender and amazingly delicious, and my boyfriend had one of their shrimp entrees that was very fresh and delicious.  I should also mention that the bartender was an incredibly talented mixologist and we loved watching him make our drinks perfectly.  Will defnitely return next time we are in Nola!Really nice place with a friendly staff! The food was excellent but there aren't a lot of entree options. Definitely worth checking out.Super yummy food in a really casual but intimate space. I ordered the shaved Brussels sprout salad and the fish of the day - which was drum dusted with cornmeal, with potatoes, make and mushrooms and a beurre blanc. So tasty and a nice, lighter meal in New Orleans.These are the types of joints I favor...local, small, intimate, funky, and wonderful.  Sylvain is a good place to get great food, people watch, and flirt with the waitstaff.
We got a table after giving our names, wandering around Jackson Square taking in the scene, and returning near 10pm to find a slowly-emptying place.  
We had glasses of wine off the decent wine list, an sweet cheese plate, and pork "medallions."  The pork, which featured pickled watermelon rind, spinach, and mashed potatoes, was good, not great, so it comes down to four stars.  
Solid place and unless you've got issues, should be good for a four or five.The Southern Anti-Pasta was absolutely fantastic. In fact, that and the chocolate pot de creme we had for dessert were so good, I completely forgot what we had in between. I know it was all excellent, however, because I've been saying so for the last three months. Their courtyard is also the prettiest in the quarter. Do not miss this place when you're in NOLA.Only stopped in for a sazerac, so four stars for that!  My friend also enjoyed her omelette, which was topped with a delicious pesto with a side of grits.
The environment is both elegant and cozy, and the bartenders were friendly and gave off a good vibe.Some girlfriends and I came in and had dinner at the bar - we loved it!! Great food, wonderful bartender, friendly people, and tasty, inventive drinks. BUT - when you walk out the door to go to the bathroom: beware. There is about a 4 inch drop with no sign. I ate it; hard. And about twenty minutes after anther older woman completely fell and didn't catch herself. I have a bad sprained ankle and I'm not sure how the other woman is, but I hope that this heads up will help some others!  Sylvain - you guys were great, but build a ramp or post a sign on that step!Food was excellent but the portions were tiny. I come from Miami and I'm used to restaurants of this caliber. Same vibe, same food, same prices and yet half the portions. After spending $120 with two people, we then went down the street to another restaurant to actually have a real meal. Please is cool for an expensive appetizer. If your actually hungry go somewhere else.Perfect spot for a romantic dinner just steps from Jackson Square. The entrance is in the alley. You walk down the alley into the courtyard where you are greeted by the friendly wait staff. We didn't have to wait long to be seated, they offered us drinks while we waited but we were seated before they could even take our order. The courtyard outside was so quaint. If it was a warmer night I would have loved to have sat outside. I had two of the Scrumpy ciders, which I usually get at home in New York, but apparently it was their first week selling them. I love them, they're just like apple juice. We ordered the fritters to start which were so yummy! And I got the chicken sandwich for dinner. Everything was great. The ambiance was dark and intimate, it was a perfect date night. So glad I found this place.Go. Eat. Here. I'm serious, do not miss the opportunity and make a damn reservation if you are afraid of hipsters forming a line. 
We ended up here due to a chef/friend being in town for Jazz Fest too. As a table of 4 we ordered the brussel sprouts, beet bruschetta, and fried eggplant for starters along with cocktails from the menu. The eggplant I could have passed on but the sprouts and bruschetta were divine. I came home and bought beets the very next day to make an attempt.
The we ordered the pork sandwich, pappardelle bolognese, beef cheeks and the fish special. We each ate 4-bites then passed to the next person. It was all fantastic. the pasta was a tiny bit bland but true to form and very fresh. The beef cheeks were amazingly tender and pretty much melt in your mouth with rich flavor. The fish was cooked perfectly with light veggies and the pork sandwich was flavorful and served with delightful pickled greens. 
The service is here is more to my taste than some of the other extremely attentive places we went while in town. Our server was genuine, knowledgeable and... well, cool. 
Add this to the list of places I want to revisit in Nola.Oh. My. Gosh. This place is an absolute must-try if you're looking to take a break from revelry in the French Quarter and want to have the best meal of your life. My boyfriend and I took brunch here, starting with Bloody Marys while we waited the worthwhile 30 minutes for our table. We were served by Dawn who was a ray of sunshine and seemed super knowledgeable about the menu and what pleases. We split the Brussels sprout salad (I'm going to be dreaming of this forever) and then had the carbonara and short rib hash. All were amazingly palate pleasing and so, so, so artfully prepared. We were so happy when we left, and had we been having relationship problems, I believe this meal would have solved them. On a nice day, try and sit in the courtyard, it's incredible and super NOLA. Love Sylvain!A couple tips: 
1. make reservations on open table - recommend sitting outside (but near the bathrooms), very cute and the courtyard has a nice nighttime ambience
2 recommend the eggplant fritters - a little sweet and crunchy and not expensive
3. the pork crab cake thing was ok, not sure I'd order it again, the beef cheeks were pretty good, especially if you're craving some beef but the mashed potatoes weren't that great - a little mushy. our friend got the duck and loved it. 
4. Love the cocktails, always order the champagne drink with sugar cube
Still want to try the burger
Recommend this place for fun drinks and food, always packed, make reservationsYuminess!
Had the Summer Squash Griddle Cakes with Sheep's milk ricotta, Speck, tomato-jalepeno chutney and had the pablo crusted pork for my entree.
Sat at the bar, great bartender and great feel to the place.It's very dimly lit, so at night you could easily walk by and think it was closed and the entrance is somewhat hidden. The food was spectacular and I think worth this price. Not everything on the menu is expensive. I am just bummed that my server did not ever bring me the Brussel sprout salad I ordered as I heard it is amazing. Very romantic and if it's not too hot out you might request to be seated in the lovely courtyard.The wait staff should stop drinking shots while on duty. Extremely unprofessional. Our waitress may have had one too many, she had strange look, then would try to smile, then went blank. Music too loud for brunch.  Food was good, but took a while. Very expensive.Excellent drinks bartenders and the food was great! Veal Sweet Breads and fried egg plant.  Sat with Michael Shannon at the bar! Hidden gem! We will be back!Found this little gem after the bartender at our hotel suggested it. The entrance is through an alley which I loved because it gave it a hidden/secretive feel. I suggest making a reservation because it was pretty busy even for a late night Wednesday dinner and the courtyard seating was booked. Now let me tell you about the food.....in a word, divine! Overall, this was the best food my husband and I had on our whole trip to New Orleans (and that includes a highly rated steak and seafood place where we spent a pretty penny to dine). We ordered the fried eggplant appetizer which had creamy mozzarella and cherry tomatoes. We loved it. Then I ordered the beef cheeks and my husband ordered the fish of the day, which was the drum. My beef was so tender, I didn't even need to touch my knife. I was so full but I couldn't stop eating it. The beans were somewhat of an unexpected pairing but somehow really worked. And my husband said his fish was one of the best he's had. Would definitely recommend to everyone!!!