I thoroughly enjoyed our meal here!  Every course was equally fantastic. We loved the oyster appetizer. The shrimp and grits were phenomenal, and the tarte for dessert was perfect.I can't speak to the food, but the service was abysmal. We were seated, and ordered shortly thereafter.  We waited for an hour without receiving our food, or hearing anything from our server. When asked, the server said our dishes were "coming right out." Ten minutes later we asked again, and were told the food was "coming now." ANOTHER ten minutes pass and it became clear that the restaurant had no intention of feeding us, so we decide to leave. On our way out, we encountered the server one last time, who offered a feeble apology for the lack of food but made no attempt to make things right. This is the first time I've ever walked out of a restaurant; I do not expect to return to Tableau.Classy, expensive, delicious, noisy, open kitchen, good service, amazing smells, great desserts, side and entrees.Dinner for 4 at 7pm on Saturday.  Our waiter was great, the drink girl was not (she took a long time to bring sparkling water, espresso).  Food was meh.  The blue cheese salad was the best thing I had (my stepmom said the same thing), and it was a 10.  We shared the 4 appetizer sampler, which was ok.  Next time I'd drop that and just get the crab claws and shrimp remoulade because they were both good.  There are only three seafood entrees: BBQ shrimp (pretty good),The food was pretty good, but certainly nothing extraordinary. What stood out most to our group, was the service. Service was slow. We had a waiter and waitress -- I'm still not sure who our main server was. In any case, at no point did our servers offer any recommendations, no one checked to hear how our meals were and most shockingly, no one asked if we wanted more drinks. This was certainly a disappointing experience.We stopped here for drinks and apps before heading out for the night. We sat on the balcony which has a great view of Jackson Square. The service was terrible. Our server barely mumbled a word to us and was very slow and unfriendly. However, there was another server that came over and said he would be helping out too, he was awesome and very friendly. We had the redfish beignets which were good, the braised pork belly which was about 5 pieces of pork fat that we sent back which I never do. We had the burrata bruschetta which I didn't like but other people probably would, I just don't like burrata cheese. The happy hour deals were very good for drinks. The food...I guess we got what we paid for.I would like to have had the opportunity to leave a good review, however did not make it past the rude front of the house staff and decided to leave.  I am local and this restaurant has been on my list.  I had a Thursday afternoon so decided to stop in. It was clear the restaurant is used to heavy tourist foot traffic and has no regard for how the customer is treated because they know another hungry passerby will walk in after one leaves.  
About half of the tables were empty at 4pm. I asked for a table on the patio balcony or courtyard. He said I could not sit there. I asked why as there were people there and many open tables. He said they were no longer seating that area. Then I asked about the balcony as I had preferred to sit up there but he must have not heard me. He said there was no seating there. I said well when is there seating I would come back some other time? I explained I was local and just wanted to try their restaurant and have al freco dining whenever that may be. His pretentious attitude continues..... A man in a suit walked up and the host appeared to change his tune and questioned what I had said, but O was already turned off from the experience.  Too bad, the menu looks interesting. I do not like to dress up and go put to eat alone only to be treated like crap however. I recommend Rouses grocery around the corner, get some to go food and eat in the park!Not a great experience. It started off well enough...we had an 8:30 reservation on a Saturday night. We were seated promptly and got a great table on the balcony. Our server and two other people assisting her introduced themselves...we talked about the menu and got recommendations. The drinks came quickly...but it was downhill from there. We sat there for close to 40 minutes without anyone saying a word to us, and then finally one of the servers came by and seemed to just realize we hadn't gotten any food yet and she made a comment that it should be out soon. About 10 minutes later our appetizers arrived. We were sharing, so I asked for small plates, which we didn't get. After we finished, the plates were quickly removed. Another 30 minutes passed with no one saying anything to us, so we flagged down the server to ask for some bread (which we had noticed other tables getting). It came out pretty promptly, but there was still no sign of our food. 20 minutes pass and one of the servers stopped by and asked if we needed anything. I said "our entrees??" And she got flustered and walked away. At this point we were actually considering leaving, and our main server finally comes to the table (at this point we've been at the table for an hour and 45 minutes) to tell us that she had no idea when our food was coming. She actually joked that it could be next Tuesday.  Before I could even comment she told us the entrees would be comped for our wait, but when I asked if she thought we would actually get food any time soon, she basically implied that we wouldn't. The kitchen seemed to be in total meltdown. It didn't seem like anything was coming out at all (we had noticed another table getting irate close by for the same reason). We decided to leave. For what it's worth the server was super apologetic about it all...seemed genuinely embarrassed, did not try to give us a bill for our drinks and appetizers, but I was surprised a manager never stopped by the table during this, as I saw him go by the table many times dealing with other tables having issues.  Ultimately the place was in chaos, and after being there for almost two hours we had to go to another restaurant down the street to get a meal.  Maybe it was just a really bad night for the restaurant, but I'm not willing to give them another shot so with so many other options in the area.I've been wanting to write a review since I left Nola! First, the host there was quite gracious when we mentioned that it was our anniversary, he quickly sat us down without reservation. He was very courteous to hand me a black dinner cloth to avoid white lint to my black dress. He deserves cool points for that gesture. Next, we were greeted by Miss Jasmine who was very friendly and she has a beautiful smile on the whole time. Then we were also greeted by Carl (another waiter), loved how upbeat and vivid he goes on about their menu and answering questions. We ordered a white riesling bottle but was then upsell for a nicer, tastier white Germany wine bottle by professionally presenting to us. He's definitely exceptional on customer service! My soulmate and I intentionally started small because we really did planned on "snacking" there before attending another restaurant for dinner. Who doesn't do that when out of town?! We were congratulated and presented with a turducken on top of a crisp sweet potatoe thin slice and with chives and sauce. Great way to start our night and hungry stomach! Anyways, we ordered appetizers:  Grand Royale (Crabmeat ravigote, shrimp rémoulade, truffled crab fingers, oysters maison). Great starter for two and make sure you have your whole bottle of wine!WILD MUSHROOM & TALEGGIO CROSTINI
(Shallots, thyme, rosemary, taleggio, bourbon cream sauce) - LOVED IT! Well prepared and sauce was delicious. Then I wanted whiskey. Miss Jasmine introduced me to their wellknown Nola whiskey drink Sazerac with a zesty orange piece (smooth and light tarte, rye, ..not close to water down)! It's Perfect to have after the starters and easily convinced to have another meal! We went with À la Oscar lump crab, asparagus, béarnaise. They kindly split our plates and made it very presentable! Steak was tender along with the sauce, crab & asparagus! Before we had our meal, we took a break to their patio courtyard, jazz music was nicely played and we dance waiting for our food. It was PERFECT!  Eddie saw us from the balcony and took phenomenonal pictures as if we were in a classis short film- he captured a still moment of our affection for each other! whoa!  This place made it beyond exceptional and one of the best fine dining experiences I've had in NEW ORLEANS! And I won't forget the last plate- they even top it off with a dessert on the house VANILLA BEAN CRÈME BRÛLÉE: Traditional custard, caramelized sugar. Amazing service and staffs!Loved everything I ate. They have a good looking burger for people who are picky. Happy hour drinks are awesome! $5 select mixed drinks and draft beers 2-5Fine dining establishment. Great wait staff. Great water refills. Kitchen was timely and accurate.
I had the bbq shrimp and grits. Seen it on lots of menu so I thought I'd try it. Very different. Not sure I like them mixed but at least they were separated. The grits were very tasty. The bbq was  great. This meal is very good but not ideal for people who not like foods to mixed/touching.
The pear salad was delicious. The portion was on the small side.
The chicken entree was huge. The chicken was cooked perfectly. The potatoes were seasoned nicely. Only issue was that it contained mushrooms which was not listed on the menu.We met two friends for dinner here last night. One person didn't comment on his food but ate all of it. The other 3 of us really enjoyed our food: fried oysters ,asparagus salad and gumbo soup were worthy of note. Entrees commented on were rare tuna (best ever tasted), petit fillet with homemade frites, and another app of mushrooms and shrimp. We sat in courtyard and it was lovely. Only glitch is that it took quite a while to receive our (high end) bottle of wine. I was the only one still eating when it arrived. It was ordered about halfway through the meal.Absolutely wonderful dinner. This was one of the few places we could get a table for five.  We started with French onion soup and the butter lettuce salad.  Freshest ingredients for the salad and a warm creamy light dressing that didn't overpower the salad.  Two of us had shrimp and grits. Best grits I've ever had perfect blends of butter and grit. The other two had the mahi mahi special which had a creole mix of rice, corn, speckled beans, and other veggies.We had a great experience. When we arrived we alerted our server, Scott, that we were on a tight time schedule as we had tickets for Le Petit Theatre' Sleeping Beauty (also terrific). We never felt rushed. My beef tournedos was tender; the bearnaise was perfect. My wife equally loved her red fish. Overall, we highly recommend.The atmosphere was nice. The restaurant is in a historic building, not tacky....very classic French look. I ordered a basic Caesar salad and the filet in a bordelaise sauce. Perfectly cooked and seasoned nice. The only reason I would give this place 4 stars is because of the gnocchi. It was extremely greasy and overpowered by citrus. The creme brûlée was very good; tasted like a vanilla roasted marshmallow and by request they added strawberries. I would return to tableau and would recommend to anyone looking for French cuisine.Our group of ten descended upon Tableau for a 730pm dinner on a Thursday night. We found the restaurant quite busy but our long empty table was waiting for us almost in the center of the dining room behind the bar like an oasis in a desert. I think we broke a rule by walking through the bar serving area but we were hungry and that was the shortest route to start eating. 
Service the entire evening was spot on. We plowed through a couple bottles of Stag Leap while waiting for our entrées which seemed to arrive after a reasonable wait. We also gnawed on these tiny little crab fingers which was a first for me. Delicious though. 
My wife ordered the BBQ Shrimp and Grits while I went with the Tableau Chicken. The shrimp turned out to be giant with the heads still on and eyeballs looking at you. I couldn't eat them but my wife had no trouble. She didn't go as far as sucking out the meat from the heads though. My chicken was excellent and I loved the béarnaise sauce on top. The others all cleared their plates in preparation for dessert. 
For dessert, my wife chose the Tart a la Bouille to share with me while others picked the monkey bread. The tart was the low point of the evening and a mistake as the monkey bread was much better. All in all an excellent meal out with our friends.At Tableau on old Jackson Square --
Do visit the upstairs bar there. 
You might meet Miss Laura,
Who hails from Splendora!
She's a mixologist beyond COMPARE!
Also the food was exquisite. Cozy setting, great drinks, personal and friendly service from the above-mentioned Laura. We are going back tonight for at least one more cocktail!!The shrimp and grits were fantastic. Portion sizes are small for Nola but that's normal for me  French soup is also excellent though not always offered.The four of us had a great overall dining experience. Based on the service and our meal here, I'm looking forward to trying the owner's other properties.I was really disappointed in our dinner. My spinach salad and the bread pudding we're great. Everything else was terrible - abysmal service. The management completely understaffed our large party which meant it took an hour for the waitress to take our order and the delays continued throughout the meal. It took 4 hours to have dinner! The server broke a glass with a full cocktail on one of our party. To top it off we had to haggle with management to avoid an automatic 20% tip. Unacceptable.I would agree 100% on the awesomeness of the food. The restaurant is conveniently located at the corner, right next to the cathedral and Jackson Square. The interior design is classy, with plenty of seats on both first and second floor. They also have a mini yard on first floor if you want some privacy, and patio seats on the second floor where you can see people walking by. The only thing is, our waiter seemed to be a little too laid back. Took quite a long time to get check, and appeared aloof.Lovely Brennan's brunch styled breakfast.  Went classic with the eggs benedict and bottomless mimosas.  My husband liked the shrimp and grits.  Too hot to sit outside, but still had a decent view from inside on the second floor.The food was below average for a Brennan's restaurant. I ordered off the Revillon menu, and it was nothing special. The service was absolutely TERRIBLE!!! Our waiter completely ignored us the entire time we were in the restaurant. He walked right by us, and never once asked to refill our drinks, check on our food, or just see how we were doing. We waited for our entrees for over an hour, and when we finally did get them they weren't even that great. It definitely didn't live up to he Brennan's restaurant standards in taste or in service. Then, the waiter continued to ignore us. He didn't come and find out our dessert orders or if we wanted the check. Finally, another waitress came and asked if we wanted dessert. We did, so we ordered. We finally got all our dessert about thirty minutes later, my ice cream was melted, and the other desserts were cold! One of the managers paid for our desserts since they were melted and cold. It was a horrible experience, and we will not eat there again. This restaurant isn't worth the price you pay for their food. DONT RECOMMEND!!On a Sunday night, at the very end of Jazz Fest, we were on a hunt for a final night decent meal.  We searched several restaurants and had a lot of difficulty finding a decent spot. Either too busy or closing early. 
Our 5th attempt we walked in here and it was packed. We expected to be turned away but instead we were treated wonderfully.  The Maitre'd took us up an elevator, thru a kitchen, to an upstairs area.  We were seated at a very quiet bar with only a few tables up there.  It was a nice reprieve from the loudness downstairs. 
We then met our server Clarence. He welcomed us with a smile and wrapped up his other tables while we looked over the menu. 
We asked him for advice and boy did he provide us with wonderful menu advice.  He was young but extremely knowledgeable, knew the menu in and out and the history of the restaurants. He was truly one of the best servers we have ever had in New Orleans or even home.  Give that guy a raise if you are listening!!! 
We had great wine, the oysters wrapped in bacon on rosemary skewers to start. 
For dinner we had Shrimp and grits with the worlds most heavenly sauce.  Literally - this sauce should be bottled.  This would be one of the best things I have ever tasted and I will try ever so hard to duplicate. 
I had the redfish grilled in a wine, lemon and butter sauce. I also ordered a side of the goat cheese grits.  Both meals were excellent. 
We couldn't finish them and it killed us to not be able to take them with us. (Our hotel didn't have a fridge or a way to reheat sadly). 
I will gladly be back and absolutely ask to sit with Clarence again.The food here was delicious! Nice portion sizes with great taste! Wait staff is attentive but run more in the background then continuously checking in. Wish the brunch menu had a few other lunch options but overall great food!My family of six had just arrived into NOLA and were looking for a fine restaurant. Service was amazing and the Chicken Tableau was incredible! Enjoy.Exceeded my expectations!! We went for mothers day brunch/brunch following a wedding. Service was great! Food was amazing!
I really enjoyed the Eggplant fingers and blue cheese salad. 
They also had a live band playing throughout the morning throughout the restaurant. Will make sure to return here next time in the cityThere were four in our party, exhausted from a day of touring, and we stopped in for light appetizers and cocktails. We ordered the gnocchi and cheese platter, happily sitting outdoors on the balcony while watching the antics of the performers below us in the square. It felt like a truly authentic New Orleans kind of thing to do. Wish we had the appetite & energy for a full meal, and we'll definitely come back!Came here for happy hour. Their menu is good, so that's a plus. Unfortunately, our bartender Lisa was very rude to us so we will not come back. She was nice to the older tourists at the end of the bar, but had no love for the two young girls just trying to rack up a nice bar tab at the the end of the day. We took our wallets to SouBou and got much better service.Still love the venue, great balcony (if they will let you sit up there for happy hour which is rare), and probably the best happy hour in the French quarter... Three dollar wines including a Sauvignon blanc, $3 beers (apparently all on tap, haven't sampled), both upstairs and downstairs bar. Upstairs bar recommended as better service from my experiences, but obviously depends upon the bartender on duty.
If they added a healthy salmon or tuna to the menu I would put this next on my list for dinner for sure!Tableau has a great location off of Jackson Square and is in a very attractive older building that is classic French Quarter NOLA.  I had very high hopes for my meal there.  Unfortunately we were seated upstairs and the decor was just so so.  Our service was not great and we had to call the manager over to have them step it up a bit, after that it improved.  The food was good but was pricey.  For the price I would have expected something closer to perfection.  Go for the atmosphere and don't expect outstanding service. Cool atmosphere (sitting on balcony would be nice) and decent food - but I might search out better.This was the first of our Coolinary outings this year, when we get to treat ourselves to nice dinners at places we haven't been to before. In our six years of this tradition, Tableau was the best experience we have had so far. The atmosphere is classy yet comfortable, the music is perfect, the service is outstanding and the food almost brought tears to my eyes it was so good. And when we told them it was my birthday, they brought us two glasses of prosecco on the house!
I don't think we can wait until next August to hit this place again.We sat upstairs on the patio overlooking jackson square. Rose and apps were excellent. The fried green tomato topped with shrimp--a must have. Sunset was gorgeous from the restaurant. Much better eats than tourist spots on bourbon street.This was our first stop when we landed in NOLA so let me say that this review is colored by the charm, and allure of a first visit to the French Quarter. Located in Jackson Sq this place looks like a postcard. We had our first Pimms cups and Sarzacs on the verandah. The food was good but the service was outstanding. What a pleasure.Wandering around the French Quarter on your own can be a little lonely - unless, of course, you're super hammered and/or don't have issues making friends. After walking into the restaurant, I was greeted by manager Chris, who was kind enough to give me a tour. He said I was welcome to sit wherever I wanted, but I chose the downstairs bar because I didn't want to take up too much room. Chris helped me order (I wanted to know what he thought was best) and invited me to enjoy live jazz the following night. The service was incredible and everyone I encountered was so nice and professional and happy. The watermelon salad was to die for - seriously, order it. SO GOOD. My only complaint was the gulf fish was too salty, but I encountered that elsewhere so I think it may be normal. Chris really is the best and his team is lovely. I can't wait to see them when I'm in town again.Absolutely delicious food! Outstanding service. Sit on the balcony for a great view of Jackson Square action. Great happy hour specials from 2-5.We must have gotten the wrong waiter today. I'm not used to blatant inattentiveness and rudeness from a hostess; it had to be an off day because we came after the brunch rush and there weren't very many patrons. Example: I asked a hostess if that was our food after a platter had been laid on a tray and no waiter in sight. I waited to ask  and after ~2 min and the food odor waftd our way causing serious salvation. Her response was she couldn't touch it. "yes, but could you tell our waiter?" was met with a tight stare,  not her job apparently. Luckily, a manager? caught the faux pas and served us immediately. Still the Waiter could not be bothered for a second round of drinks or dessert or coffee, all components of a db tabluea lunch...very odd.  The food was good, the staff needs an attitude adjustment....The droplets slid down gracefully from from the frosted glass of Abita. My teeth cut the tender flesh of the filet mignon sliders with ease and the amber liquid followed eagerly behind.Food good and well presented.  Comfortable and unique French Quarter atmosphere.  Service needs a lot of work.  Waited 15 minutes to be seated due to neglect.  Another ten minutes before someone would take our drink order after request, then another server came to ask us what we wanted to drink.  She then brought the wrong wines (not just different brands, this was reds instead of whites).  Ordering of food was slow.  Had two waiters who seemed to be competing with each other rather than working together.  Pressed to get check, but the waiter got upset by the pressure.  This restaurant is in the same building as a live theater, and has no awareness of show start times and that their customers may be feeling pressured to make the start of the play (even after being informed at the start of the service.)  Can't recommend.  Lots of other great restaurants in the quarter.5 star experience this past Friday while the city was buzzing because of Jazzfest.  Beautiful setting, fantastic food and impeccable service.  Do yourself a favor and geaux!Absolutely the worst dining and service I've ever experienced. Avoid at all costs!!!
The food was mediocre at best and a 20% automatic for terrible service is completely inappropriate. I will never recommend this place to anyone.This place was recommended by a local. She asked us to try milk punch here. They had one with bourbon and one with brandy. Between my husband and I we ordered one of each. It was delicious. The place has great ambiance and it was easy to find seating inside patio. The balcony looking into the Jackson square was full and had wait time of about an hour. We opted for the patio option with immediate seating available and were not at all disappointed.Worst food I've had in this city by far.  Pretty surroundings but poor service and I would have preferred fast food over what was put in front of us.Pricey buy good. Reservations needed but we walked in and sat at the bar.  They offered courtyard or balcony but it was just too hot out so we chose the bar and it was great. Service was amazing!  Look for Zoe & Gari!  Great conversation & amazing food!Our high expectations for a Brennan restaurant were met and exceeded here.  We had the shrimp remoulade, seafood gumbo, filet of beef bearnaise, and paneed veal.    All were delicious except the veal was slightly dry.  The service was impeccable and the dining room is tastefully and pleasantly decorated.  It has a very warm ambience we found very relaxing and inviting.  I would highly recommend this place if you're going to the theatre next door as they have a special, reasonably priced pre theatre menu.We dined at Tableau for Fathers Day lunch, which was fantastic. Ambience is elegant but lively with the roving jazz group roaming the room taking requests. My brisket Benedict was wonderful and New Orleans staples such as grilliots and grits and grilled redfish were superb. The only negative was beyond the restaurant's control; located adjacent to St. Louis Cathedral makes parking a bit of a haul but that's the price you pay to dine in the French Quarter.Food was very good, I would give it a solid 4 . If there was a 4.5 choice I would add that extra rating for the ambiance, the balconies over look the park and they have a really nice inner patio. Had the truffle crab claws which were really good, chicken was great too. The steak with crab was good but personally I prefer the wider thinner cuts of the filet, instead of the very and small really thick thick cuts which tend to be too rare when ordered medium rare.I was mortified that my dad wanted to eat here as I was in a tshirt and yoga pants. I will never again travel outside of California with a bag full of casual clothes. Anyway, despite looking like hell the staff was extremely nice. The drinks were great - my boyfriend had his first mint julep. The food was probably the best I had during my trip. Everyone was happy.Full disclosure: I'm pretty sure I've been comparing very place I've eaten in New Orleans with my experience at one of Dickie Brennan's other restaurants, Bourbon House. 
We were seated right away, and immediately attended to by our drink server. He confirmed that the Lavender Lemonade was indeed delicious, and he was not lying! 
It took a while for our food server to show up. He was very helpful with his suggestions, but kept trying to get me to add sides to my entree. This is a weird quirk to Tableau: all sides are a la carte. I got the Gulf Fish Praline with a side of crab and asparagus (which all came on different plates). 
The food was absolutely delicious. The crab was fresh, and the asparagus went perfectly with the subtle pecan flavor of the entree. I got the demi portion of the fish and still couldn't finish everything! Though I suppose we had started out with the oyster brochettes (wrapped in bacon... Yum!) and the French onion soup (which had a little kick to it). 
We finished with the hot chocolate pot de creme, which is a bittersweet mousse with cayenne pepper and marshmallow fluff. It was so good! It was perfect for sharing as it was so rich. 
All in all, I think the place was fine. A little less than I expected for a $50 meal, but still very tasty and enjoyable.I booked reservations for this restaurant by recommendation. Definitely and old school look with an open kitchen. Both of our waitresses for the evening were great. I only remember Crystal's name, but there was another with a short haircut. They gave incredible service. I started off with a bourbon based drink that was nice and earthy and later opted for a apple pie flavored drink with a rum base. Apparently, these were the most popular cocktails. For an appetizer we ordered the truffle oil crab fingers. I must say it was one of the best things I've tasted during my stay in New Orleans. The crab claws taste very fresh. For entree I ordered the pan roasted redfish in a crab butter with fingerling potatos topped with a lightly dress vinaigrette salad. The salad was awesome, potatos were cooked well. The fish was cooked and flavored well. Downside was the topping and a little heavy handed with the salt. For dessert i had a drink of nocello. It smells just like nutella. A very nice after dinner drink. The French Quarter feel was great. I recommend if your in New Orleans to check it out. Hopefully, next time if it's not raining I will be able sit upstairs on balcony.Great Happy Hour on the balcony overlooking Jackson square!  We enjoyed some delicious cocktails, calamari, and gumbo which did not disappoint. Will definitely return.Wonderful food and ambiance with attentive service. An oasis in the midst of The busy French Quarter.  Very elegant.Location location location! 
This place is huge ya'll! You could get lost finding your way to the bathroom. The decor is classic old New Orleans which I love. They have a wrap around balcony which overlooks Jackson Square and is perfect for spring or fall days! We went for brunch and loved every bit of it! ESPECIALLY desserts!!!!!We ate here twice when we visited N.O. last month.   First time with two other grown-ups, second time we brought our girls, ages 11 and 13.  The staff is friendly, welcoming, and able to handle anything.  On both visits, the food was outstanding.  The "barbecued' shrimp and grits is one of the most delicious dishes I have ever tasted.  My husband adored his seafood stew.  My 11-year-old enjoyed her seafood stew and was able to order a creme brulee, which she had been craving.  It arrived not in a bowl but spread across her plate, to maximize the lovely, sugary crust.  She was in heaven.  I would go back there in a heartbeat!Wonderful Breakfast experience! Exceptional atmosphere coupled with Tremendous Service and Food.  The restaurant is just off of Jackson Square but this is definitely NOT a tourist trap; you will be glad you came!  My Spicy Bloody Mary was Superb, my Seafood Gumbo Delicious, and my Eggs Benedict Perfect!  You will not regret your experience here!The place itself is awesome alone. However, the service is the main reason I will be coming back. To accommodate for our food taking a while, our waiter ( and even one thay was not ours) gave us bottomless mimosas for free and even some to go, they were so kinda and chill.Came here for a private party on the 2nd floor during their soft opening and was probably one of the best NOLA dining experiences to date.  First rate menu and excellent service.  Can't beat the balcony overlooking Jackson Square and the historic Cabildo.Two stars just because I'm feeling nice. Let's begin with the positive shall we?
The Positives:
First off let me say the bathroom was very nice, clean, and a reason this place didn't get just one star. 
Now let's get to the second star. The oysters were well cooked, we had both the oyster appetizers and the Oyster Maison was probably the better of the two. 
The Negatives:
There were big bits of shell in the Oyster Maison, which makes me think they didn't clean them properly since they're fried. 
Next the thing I ordered for myself, the andouille oyster carbonara, was the saddest excuse for carbonara I've ever had. The oysters were good but the pasta sauce, if you could even call it that, was separated. It tasted of nothing but oil with clumps of cheese. I've had carbonara before to know what it's suppose to look like and taste like. When I addressed it the waitress just said she was sorry to hear that and that was it. It was a waste of $17 I took two bites and threw the rest away. I'll be putting up a photo to confirm what I received.Sat on the balcony with an amazing view. Had the Demi royale appetizer nearly orgasmic. Then finished with the fillet Oscar paired with a wonderful house made sangria. Tomas and Chris gave Service beyond our expectations. Come here if you can folks.Tableau is now one of my favorites in the Quarter.  We had dined here on two previous visits to New Orleans, sitting at the bar where the full menu is served. This time we got a table on Thanksgiving. So good. We opted for regular menu items instead of the special, but I did order a side of oyster dressing. 
For mains we had the seafood Courtbouillon, and the Tornedos (beef filet topped with foie gras). Both were tasty and we'll prepared. The Tornedos is very rich and I'd recommend the demi portion for just one person unless sharing multiple dishes. We also had starters: cornmeal fried oysters which were very good, not greasy and accompanied by a tangy sauce, and turtle soup - delicious! 
The finale recommended by our server was the pecan pie a volant. To. Die. For. You must order this sweet but not cloying, whipped pecan filling in a light pastry filling with a scoop of butter ice cream on top. It is really, really good.
Service was excellent,  friendly and fast.  Try this place for happy our too and check out the upstairs piano bar and balcony too. Great place.In a word.....RUDE!
My husband and I live in the Marigny and this was our second visit. It was a lovely Sunday evening so we thought we would go sit on the patio for drinks and a bite. There were three empty tables when we arrived but were nonetheless told there would be a 20 minute wait. We decided that was no problem and decided to have a drink upstairs at the bar. After 40 minutes had passed my husband excused himself to go enquire about our table.  He approached a gentleman at the door who was attempting to explain our extended wait when a younger female kept interrupting....it was as if she did not want us to be seated. She insisted that it would be at least a 30 minute wait. My husband said "you told us 20 minutes 40 minutes ago. I want to say that my husband is very polite, patient and good with people. 
As I sat waiting upstairs not knowing of the conversation another female walked behind the bar and said "yep, it's going to be a very, very, very long wait for the patio....mind you there were still three empty tables still. My husband followed extremely upset saying we are leaving. 
When I repeated this story at my hospital several physicians and nurses said they had experienced poor customer service here as well. 
Doesn't this staff get rewarded like others in the restaurant business? 
Happy customers equal good tip and repeat business! 
Make one person happy and they will tell two....treat them badly and they will tell 10! 
I can not imagine anyone from the Brennan family would stand for this type of representation.  Atypical of an experience in any Brennan's establishment 
Very disappointed and offended!I totally recommend this place for drinks with friends or business associates. Wine list was varied and robust. Cocktails were deeeeeeelicious. We had a Moscow Mule and something with tequila. Fresh and yummy. Plus the space itself is really beautiful and tastefully decorated. Not too much, not too little. Remarkable for the sometimes-campy, sometimes-elegant French Quarter. 
The service here was really wonderful. Perfect greeting, check-ins, not too engaged, but just enough. Loved everyone here. 
The food was lovely. I had cauliflower steak and it was excellent. My husband had a pretty fancy version of shrimp and grits that he said was good, but I think he prefers the more casual, down home version. 
The best part? Dessert. We ordered bananas foster cheesecake and it was pure perfection.Had an excellent lunch here starting off with the Shrimp Remoulade and then having the Steak Frites Po Boy.  Well prepared and very tasty.  Right off Jackson Square.  Service was very good with personable server.We came for the view and stayed for the great atmosphere, cocktails and small plates. The Happy Hour is a great deal. Head directly upstairs and try to get a table on the balcony. The cocktails were nice, wine not so much. Don't miss the fried calamari and the burrata! Also very nice staff.I went to this restaurant for dinner. I sat on the balcony and had a beautiful view of Jackson Square. The servers were attentive. I never had to wait for water or drink refill.
My appetizer and main course were phenomenal! I ordered the grits with barbecue shrimp and butter brown gnocchi. I also ordered strawberry shortcake for dessert, and it was just okay... honestly speaking I would never order the strawberry shortcake again.The overall look of this restaurant is very pleasant and impressive. The dining room looks out into a beautiful courtyard which you can also sit in (i would recommend doing this, it is truly gorgeous) & then upstairs looks a bit more casual with a balcony overlooking the street below. 
As for the food, it was good but not *great*. My mom & i got the Chicken Tableau while my stepdad got the Steak Frites. The chicken was okay, mine was JUST above being underdone so it was a little off putting for me, it was still pink and kind of made me squeamish towards the end of eating it. There were also slices of ham with the sauce which was kind of strange in my opinion- like lunch meat slices with such a fancy dinner lol. However, my stepdad said that the Frites were amazing! The portion of meat he got was very very small for such a big price but he said it was worth it (idk about all that). 
Now... oh boy... the dessert.... We got the Tarte a la Bouille (i hope i'm spelling that right) & it was truly delicious. Soooo creamy and flavorful!! It was served with fresh berries, whipped cream & caramel which were also absolutely delicious. I would recommend getting this dessert if you try Tableau. 
So, overall, a very beautiful restaurant but not exactly outstanding. I would probably return as a visit New Orleans every year & Tableau was not *bad* in any way. I would come back just to sit in the courtyard & order the Tarte!Would have rather been seated downstairs, but as it turned out upstairs bar was happening, and with a great balcony.  Maybe they should re-think those green walls.  Food was good, thought the Creme Brulee was too thin... liked their idea, but it was too much burnt sugar on the top for me.Had the Demi Royals seafood apps which was delightful.  Dip the bread in the truffle vinegarette the  crab claws came in!!!!  The filet oscar was cooked perfectly and cut with a butter knife!!  
The service from Tomas and Chris was THE BEST we had All Week in New Orleans!!!
Thanks gentlemen, you made our dining experience more memorable.Fine dining that won't break the bank.. 
Came here for my birthday dinner with two other people. Sangria was mediocre as was the gumbo, however the french onion soup was surprisingly very good!
All three of us were stuck on ordering the Filet a la Oscar and we are so happy we did. The steak sat on top of a fried potato and practically melted in your mouth. The asparagus that was served with it was probably the best asparagus I've had! I was so full I wasn't going to order dessert but since it was my birthday they gave me a creme brûlée which was ok, wish it was in a deeper plate as the heat made the whole dessert too warm rather than the center being cold and creamy. 
All in all I would recommend this place. Service was great and the building itself is beautiful!We loved it!! My wife had the lamb and I had the duck. It was excellent food! They gentlemen Regg they have working there is incredible awesome!! This guy there can not be enough said with how awesome we thought he was. 
If there was any reason it was 4 stars instead of 5 would of only been the price which was kinda of high. Other than that, this place is awesome and we will come again!Had a dinner on the balcony while on a work trip this week - everything was perfect.  The service was on point and the food was good.  I got the filet - perfect medium -and not a crumb was left.  The bread was fresh and warm.  The house side salad is perfect.  I had a glass of house wine as well - it was fine.
I love the balcony dining this place offers -it was a perfect spring evening and we had a great few of the International Space Station zipping overhead.Food was fine. Rest of experience unimpressive. 
Took 30+ minutes of waiting to seat a random Monday night 830 PM reservation.  When we finally got seated, there were two empty tables around us that were never filled by the time we left. Front of house and waitstaff couldn't have cared much less about the delay.  They did manage to seat a literal bus (?tour) worth of people after we came in, however. 
Open kitchen design occasionally sends cooking smoke into restaurant. 
Left a chunk of oyster shell fried into the fried oysters. If i had fillings or dental work, may not have been good. Waiter didn't much care when this was pointed out to him. 
Despite my dining companion ordering a side, they put it on my plate for some reason. 
Food was quite good- though my dining companion's house salad was small and totally underwhelming, particularly for price paid. 
All in all, the food is fine but the experience was lacking and not up to usual New Orleans standards. I don't expect to be back with so many other options in the area.Have been a huge fan since the first time some friends and I decided to try this place for lunch. I go often and have never had a bad experience. We also rented a private dining room for an event and that was an awesome experience as well. Have not found anything on the menu that disappoints and doubt I will.Tableau is a must while in New Orleans. The venue has a beautiful view of Jackson Square if you choose to sit on the outdoor balcony. The location is a prime spot to hear street jazz and soulful singing while drinking wine and eating dinner outdoors. 
The food is delicious! I would recommend coming for Happy Hour ordering a few glasses of wine and the cheese plate to take in the beauty of New Orleans. 
Enjoy!This place gets 3 stars mostly because we had one dish that was pretty good and good service. It's a fancier restaurant which is not what we were looking for. We were hungry and they had a sign outside that said they were still serving breakfast at 11:30 so we went in for that. They were not serving breakfast, but we decided to give it a shot anyway. 
We started off with an appetizer, I wish I could remember the name but I can't right now. It was $19 and had three little mounds of different stuff. Not our cup of tea, but I'm sure there are some that enjoy that. The flavor was bland, but we were hungry so we ate it all. My son and sister-in-law shared a shrimp Po boy and I got one too. They were disappointing for the price. I think they were 18 each??? For overly toasted French bread and shrimp with little to no flavor. The sandwich itself was a good size, but it was mostly bread since they held out on the shrimp and toppings. The French fries were decent, but my son said they reminded him of McDonald's fries. My husband's plate was the best of all. It was melt-in-your-mouth delicious! He had the gulf fish (black drum). The flavor was amazing and the portion was decent. We definitely will not be back, just wasn't our scene and we ended up with an $85 tab. Service was great, so after the tip, we ended up paying $100 for a pretty basic and unimpressive meal.I finally went in here, after urging  from my Wife, Lali, who has had lunch here several times.  
Although I didn't eat, I feel compelled to write this review.
When this place was opened, it was billed as a dinner theatre; I thought that was all it was.
Seems that in addition to the dinner theater part, there is a nice regular restaurant with indoor, courtyard, & balcony seating.
Even without sampling the food, I know that it is great, because this is a Dickie Brennan restaurant.  We love Dickie's Steakhouse, and frequent his Palace Café & Bourbon House.
This place has two great French Quarter bars, in addition to the eateries.
We'll be back for supper.  I suggest you try this "new" place, too !
RickI chose Tableau figuring that once they had their act together, it would be  a tough table.That may be true, but I think it will be a long time before that's something they need to worry about. Food - nothing notable. I had the Court Bouillon - kind of gummy. Wine - some decently priced options. Upstairs room - really really noisy, and noise doesn't normally bother me. Service - well meaning but disorganized - we saw a lot of people most of whom didn't do too much...they would disappear and then sometimes reappear after an extended period of time.
Seemed like the pieces might have been there, but absolutely no evidence that anybody was making any progress putting them together in a meaningful fashion so that there was consistent focused service.This was the absolute worst dining experience of my life. The only reason I gave them a star is because Scott Bakula was at the table next to us. I have never left a negative critique but had to warn others. Service was horrific! I have never in my life been ryynÿHad dinner on a Saturday before a play at Le Petite Theatre with friends. First time to try restaurant. Everything was good but nothing stood out as exceptional. Best menu choice was shrimp and grits by my wife. Extra service was removing the shells before serving the dish, something I would not accept but my wife really thought the idea was great since it kept her fingers clean. The pork chop was tender and cooked properly but not marinated or brined before cooking; the cornbread dressing served with the dish was very good. Our friends both had the beef filet and each found it ok but unexciting. The turtle soup was good but fell short of some of the better ones in NO.Ate here tonight and absolutely loved it!  We sat on the balcony and you can't beat the view of Jackson square.   The food was absolutely  wonderful.  We had the BBQ Shrimp and Grits and the Steak Frites Moderne.  For dessert we shared the Hot Date Skillet Cake with the Brown Butter Ice Cream.  It was divine and not to be missed.   Wait staff was friendly and willing to make suggestions.  Can't say enough good about this restaurant!It was very average food. Sitting upstairs on the balcony is awesome but everything else was disappointing. It took about 20 minutes after we were seated to have someone come over to give menus. 25 minutes after we ordered, we got bread and butter, immediately followed by the entrees. Probably should space that out better...We live locally and walk by here all the time.  It's usually crowded on the weekends and we've been meaning to check it out.  We popped in for a drink yesterday and the bartender was extremely rude.  There were no crowds and it was not prime meal time.  Next time we'll keep walking.Horrible food and bad experience. We were very disappointed in the service and especially the food! Had the crab claws that were supposed to be cooked in black truffle oil and have shavings of black truffles. Only one small shaving and was in bottled Italian dressing! Fried shrimp poboy. Much worse. Stale bread, cold fried shrimp that had barely any crust on the shrimp. My sisters tomato was the end of the tomato. Every server looked miserable and weren't very friendly. Won't be back. Go to Johnny's if you want a poboy!Excellent light lunch of Gulf Fish with salad. Nice place, friendly staff. Looking forward to eating here often. The prices are fair for a French Quarter restaurant.Hanging at the bar .....
Devon the bartender She is amazing !
Great laugh .....contagious .
Simply food elevated to a magnificent flavor .We ate out in the balcony which overlooks Jackson Square.  The dinner was great and the service was impeccable.  The filet was cooked perfectly and the Redfish Bienville was excellent.  We will definitely be back soon.The wait staff was pleasant, but unfortunately the service was very slow. The creamed spinach was obviously microwaved because the outside was warm and the inside was cold, which is simply unacceptable at a Brennan's establishment. The entree was a trout filet that was nicely seasoned but so tiny that I wondered if their seafood supplier ships in fare from the island of Lilliput. At not quite a year old, this is a new restaurant. I'm hoping they work out some kinks and rise to the level you'd expect from the Brennan family.My wife and I came here on the recommendation of our hotel... Great decision!
I had the filet special and it was amazing. The wife had the veal and polished off her plate. 
Great food and great service. This is a must go to place in NOLA.The wife and I popped in without a reservation after an evening carriage ride at Jackson Square. We were seated quickly. We sat on the patio which overlooked the square. It's a perfect spot for a meal. To drink, I had a dark and stormy and she had the Lady Duboise. Both were refreshing, and potent too. We started with the truffled crab claws. The appetizer was probably the weakest dish. I just didn't love it. Next, I enjoyed the maison salad and she had the French onion soup. The soup was surprisingly spicy, which I enjoyed. One of the highlights was the baguette- hot, crusty outside, and soft inside. We shared the filet with a mushroom demi glaze. The steak was velvety and perfectly rare. With the steak, we drank a flavorful Grenache/Syrah blend. Lastly, we shared the house speciality dessert. The desert was a sort of tres leches cake topped with caramel and and a dollop of dense whipped cream. It was good- really rich. Overall, an enjoyable meal.This place is fantastic! Service is wonderful and the food is...well, you'll want to lick your plate. I had a steak here and it's one of the best I've ever had! PLEASE try this place - you won't be sorry!Love Love this place. The servers (Jeremy and Crystal) were great! Nice to see the managers jump in to help serve as it was pretty busy.  I had the fish of the day and my mom the chicken duo, dee-lish.. Dessert was ridiculous, I had the cafe chicory au list and my mom the skillet pie; we rolled out of there :)We just had a beautiful brunch here, staff is amazing, I made reservation for our honeymoon brunch and hostess greeted us and congratulated, it's was so sweet. I asked for a table on a balcony and we probably had the best one, as it was facing both directions, view on a Jackson square with a French quarter fest was great. Also they have a band, which is coming to each table and interact with guests and sing song. They sang for us, I believe, something very romantic lol. 
Separate thank you for our 2 servers, I believe, name of one is Marlon.. they were so attentive and nice, made us feel so welcomed for our special occasion. 
And at the end of our feast, they brought to us complimentary desert with sign "happy honeymoon "! Wow!! Such a beautiful touch, we loved desert and place in general. So happy we chose this place!  Definitely recommend, great place and people, they make our trip even more wonderful.Made reservations to go here on my birthday and I'm glad I did. The service was wonderful, the food was great, and dessert was the best! Try the tarte a la bouille. It's delicious. I'll definitely come back next time I'm in New Orleans.Great creme brûlée! Disappointed in french onion soyp..maybe a bad night but no baked melted cheese on top..croutons funny taste...not like in the picture.. They did bring us a cup of cheese but that is not how it should be done and end up leaving it un eaten.. Great barbecue shrimp and grits!!Awful. Awful. They took some red sauce and poured it over rice and boiled shrimp that had not been deveined, and slapped it on a plate. My wife offered her plate to me when I became disgusted, and her meal was worse than mine. This place is dirty, the food is disgusting. I spoke to the manager and told him the food was awful and he didn't argue. Layer they tried to charge my credit card and I disputed the charge. What a fraud.Fantastic!  The food is divine!  Our service was decent--although there were two other groups who apparently insisted on more attention.  It's very nice-- I wouldn't feel comfortable in shorts and a T-shirt.  The dessert is wonderful, don't miss out on that!  Good atmosphere, right by Jackson Square. Highly recommend.THE BEST meal I had on this trip! BBQ shrimp & chevre grits.  It was all I could do not to lick the plate. Being from Texas when I saw 'bbq' it did not sound appealing. But this is a whole different ballgame of flavors with worchestishire,  garlic, butter & other delectable flavors in the shrimp. The grits were creamy with a perfect amount of cheese so that it complemented rather than over took the shrimp. I cannot recommend this dish enough. I sat at the bar which is full service & all the waitstaff were super friendly.Our experience was super top notch!!! From the moment we arrived to our exit the staff was amazing. Food was incredible and recommendations were on point. I have to give a huge shout out to our server Keith and Jewel our wine concierge. They truly treated us like we were family! Highly encourage you to check out this placeGreat view from the balcony. The staff took care of us from the food selections to escorting us to the bathroom or making an off menu drink selection to perfection. The atmosphere transports you from the grit of bourbon st... until that moment you witness a drunk falling in the street down below. And with a cocktail to go the maitre d kindly directed us toward Laura's for ice cream which we finished with the always welcome beignets and coffee at cafe du monde.Great place in the French quarter. We had po boys, wedge salads, shrimp and grits, chicken sandwich, burger and soup. Everything was good! Service was good and friendly.  There were 12 of us and sat in court yard.Gumbo is inedible, BBQ shrimp and grits are really good, dessert chocolate cake was super dry. Only go here if your company is paying for it.What a gorgeous display of New Orleans cuisine in a lovely historical setting. I feel so fortunate to have dined here while on a trip with work!On a beautiful windy/ sunny day, my mom and I decided to bask in the balcony of this lovely restaurant. We ordered the seafood gumbo for sharing, fried oyster poboy and BBQ shrimp and grits. Lovely food, and good service. Although the shrimp was a bit salty to our taste but the poboy totally rocked my world.Had lunch here today. Got seated at a table upstairs. It was so filthy we almost left. Waitstaff cleaned barely. Our waitress was just bad. She was not attentive, Although did know the menu. She forgot part of our order. That part took way too long to come out after other items. While the food   was decent portions were small. Given the bad service others left while we were there.This place is great. Their atmosphere is beautiful (best place to sit is out in the courtyard). Loved their creole french onion soup, their jumbo shrimp and the oysters. Their specialty drinks are refreshing and have a kick to them, and the bananas foster cheesecake is excellent. 
To top it off, they gave us a big discount when they found out we were evacuees from Hurricane Irma. The service was awesome.Great experience! Food quality and customer service were on point! Had the Fried Oysters, Stuffed Fish, and Monkey Bread Pudding. Yum!!Absolutely AMAZING food...I'm actually going to say that I had one of the best meals if my entire life.  The only reason I didn't rate it 5* is because the hostess and our waiter were quite rude.  Although, we did meet a different waiter names Sean who was fabulous.  There is an amazing courtyard that you must check out as well.  Perfect location right off Jackson square!We stopped in here for lunch for my birthday last Friday and it was absolutely delicious! We shared the crystal shrimp as an appetizer. I ordered the bbq shrimp and grits (my fav) and my husband ordered the steak frites po-boy. Service was great and everyone was super friendly. It was such a great meal. I can't wait to go back the next time we are in New Orleans!Definitely a happy hour stop. 2-5 half price wine and beer. Also cocktails reduced. Get the filet sliders, they're delicious and really two whole filet sandwiches. Not little bite size things. Onion soup seems to be a favorite, have seen several go by. Great atmosphere, right on the corner of Jackson SquareWe started with the Grand Royale-- I would recommend that for 4-6 people we had 8 people... then I had a wedge salad and a filet-a la Oscar.
Everything was great. I asked for medium rare but it was cooked longer than that. Still delicious, I just like my cow to moo a little more.This is one of the must-go places. This is the type of restaurant that you come to NOLA for, and won't be disappointed, unless of course, you are the love-to-be-a-critic-and-be-snooty. And in that case, we won't be reading your reviews anyhow. A highly romantic restaurant for a weekend night, but even a great place for a business dinner. Food is exquisite, service is top notch with a bread server included with your wait staff, and the courtyards and street jazz/small room setting, with crisp white tablecloths are pure N'awlins French elegance.
I recommend the turtle soup (invite a friend from PETA to watch), the veal (ditto), redfish, BBQ shrimp & grits, asparagus, well, everything I had was delightful. 
If you are a fan of creme brulee' or monkey bread, please do yourself a favor and order these for dessert.This was our splurge diner as the menu was a little pricey.  I recommend making reservations as this is a great location in Jackson Square.  We were early and had to wait a few minutes for our table. For such a fancy place I wasn't that impressed with their service. We had to wait a while for the menus and had 2 waiters that did not communicate with each other about taking orders.  The wine list is extensive, being a beer drinker I went with the Purple Haze over wine.  They bring out bread for your table and as a starter I went with the blue cheese salad.  Instead of having crumbled blue cheese it came with a huge chunk of blue cheese which was way too much. The vinaigrette dressing was delicious.  For my entrée I ordered the petite filet which does not come with anything so I ordered a side of mashed potatoes.  The filet came with béarnaise sauce which I got on the side.  The meat was cooked to perfection and the potatoes were delicious. My date ordered 3 tiny filets top of frites which come topped with a delicious steak sauce. Both our steaks had great seasoning.  For dessert we shared the money bread pudding topped with caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream. It was heavenly!I eat at tableau often and typically order from the bar. Last night, a friend and I stopped in and sat at the bar. It was not crowded at all, while the food was great, the service was horrible. We had to ask our bartender, Clarence, several times about where our food was and even had to ask to have water refilled. I had planned to place a to go order to take to a friend, but decided not to because I had no idea how long it would take to get it. I am going to miss the food, but I won't miss the service!Stumbled in this restaurant as I was looking for a nice dinner. I started off with the Gumbo which was good and a french 75 but the true highlight of the meal was the "Les Petits Filet Mignon & Frites" the steak was butter soft with a great sauce to accompany the streak and frites. I was impressed with the service. I sat for almost an hour just enjoying my meal, I would most definitely recommend  Tableu to anyone looking for fine dining in the Big Easy.I love Tableau! I love it so much!!! We enjoyed dinner on the balcony on a beautiful evening this past Halloween weekend. The memory is fresh in my mind because of the fondness it holds. The restaurant is beautiful and the view is breathtaking. We enjoyed the SHRIMP RÉMOULADE "BLOODY MARY"(Gulf shrimp, pickled vegetables, bloody mary vinaigrette, spicy shrimp cracklin). The portion was very generous and delicious. I cannot remember what my friends had because the bartender was making my favorite drink from Texas- the Chilton and they made it perfectly. I had the soup du jour and the Hot Date Skillet Cake. The soup was not to my liking but the servers were friendly and attentive and the experience could not be beat. I can't wait to come back to explore more of the menu.The food at this pace is amazing good! The atmosphere is superb! The service is slow! :-( It took about 10 minutes to get water and another 10 to get our drinks and maybe five more until we got bread. our waiter kept saying "Kitchen is slow tonight." I think maybe his name was Kitchen!
But the food is definitely worth waiting for. We started with Truffled Crab Fingers at the bar (Super quick!) and followed that with the Grilled Pork Tenderloin with bourbon molasses glaze. My wife had the Gulf Fish and I stole a few bites. Very tasty.
Dessert was the Blueberry Buckle. It was so good that two nights later we stopped back for dessert and we took turns eating the Chocolate Almond Sundae and the Blueberry Buckle - again! Five star desserts but it took us an hour. Maybe its my yankee blood and I need to learn to slow down and enjoy the experience. On the positive side , they definitely don't rush you! 
I highly recommend Tableau.Stumbled upon this place for Saturday brunch as a recommendation from our hotel concierge. We flew in that morning and were looking for a place for lunch. Tableau said we only needed to wait 30 minutes for a table so we waited, and I'm very glad we did. As soon as we sat we saw a second line pass the window from a wedding that took place across the street at the church in Jackson Square. I got the bottomless mimosa and my boyfriend ordered two dark & stormies. The steak and eggs were amazing! And during our meal a jazz band came by to our table and played Metallica for us. What an amazing start to our vacation. Can't wait to come back!We ate here on a visit to New Orleans. The service was great and we were seated right away. I had the petite filet with pomme frites. My husband ordered the French onion soup which he really liked, but I'm not big on sausage so I only had a little bit. He ordered the filet with Bearnaise sauce and a side of the potatoes. 
We also ended up ordering dessert. I had tarte which is like a custard cheesecake. Very good and lighter than a cheesecake. My husband had the pecan pie. I thought it was very good and he did too. Not your traditional pecan pie, but still delicious and seemed lighter as well. 
Overall, great experience and would go back again.Enjoyed a wonderful Sunday brunch here of a crab and tomato quiche and a light and crisp morning flower from the bar.  My daughters had the croque Madame which was delicious and a Demi portion of the black drum.  Very glad she went with the Demi portion because it was plenty!  Service was excellent, decor was beautiful!  There was even a 3 piece ensemble going from table to table doing requests.  Didn't feel rushed or crowded and great people watching from the big windows.  We all ate for less than $65- but $30 of that was drinks.  Worth it!Had dinner there last night after going to gallery opening. We are locals. First time there. 
Very busy and wait staff worked tirelessly to keep up.  
We both had turtle soup (only I ordered an appetizer) and server served it to both of us as a share.  SO THOUGHTFUL
Had the filet with bernaise over summer gratin potato.  Delicious. 
Split salty caramel ice cream.  Enjoyed it.  Could have been more creatively presented.  Nice portion though.  
Drinks reasonably priced.  
We wouldn't run back but would be happy to return at some time.Great restaurant near St. Louis Cathedral.  The staff was super friendly.  I had the Turtle Soup and Pork Chop for dinner which were great along with the Tarte A La Bouillie for dessert which was amazing served chilled.  Their courtyard is also super nice to dine outside when the weather is nice.Things I ate and how I felt about them:
Free bread: Ours was cold in the middle! We asked for more but never received any. But I guess it was free so I can try to pretend it did not exist.
Eggs Jardinere: These were delicious! The eggs were perfectly poaches and the yolk ran into the choux corn and soaked the fried green tomato. 10/10 would get again.
BBQ Shrimp and Grits: This was yummy, but the grits got cold really fast. I must have sat under a vent or something; between the bread and grits I was a little disappointed.
Creme Brulee: It was my friends bachelorette party and they got her a free creme brulee. This was delicious. Another 10/10
If it weren't for cold food, this place would have a higher rating, but alas...Wonderful view of the square From the balcony. We hit this place for drinks during their happy hour. The drinks were yummy and the service prompt . The building was very beautiful with courtyards and neat little rooms. I even took some pictures I liked it so much. 
We were able to watch a band in front of the church and check out the art vendors from your seats.Had a delicious meal here!
Oysters Maison was perfect and sauce amazing.
Tournedos foie gras tasted like it was missing something maybe sauce? Shrimp and grits were out of this world!I went with 20 friends since they were able to accommodate our very last minute reservation request (split up into three groups, but we were quite appreciative to even go to the same restaurant!). We all enjoyed the meal quite a bit and didn't find the place to be at all touristy or overpriced, despite the location. The cocktails were well made and the duck and fish entrees were fantastic. Getting our bill settled up seemed to take way longer that I would have expected, but other than that we had a fantastic experience!Hanging at the bar .....
Devon the bartender is amazing !
Great laugh .....contagious
coGreat spot with beautiful views of Jackson Square from the balcony.  Maison salad with poached egg and fried oysters was a perfect lunch. Happened to be there during Tom Benson's funeral mass and start of the second line.My friend and I dined here on 3/8/16 and absolutely loved it.  The food and wait staff were great.  The desserts were the real winners. If I am ever back in New Orleans, I will make it a point to dine again at Tableau.Brunch buzz kill. Waited for a drink for a long time, great atmosphere though . Service needs to do a little round up on the second floor and work a little more in unison. The food is good, seems like a lot of miscommunication.I really wanted to give them more than 3 stars but as I sit here with an empty wine glass and a table with puddles of water with bread crumbs I'm so disgusted I started my review while still in the restaurant! I never do this but I didn't want to forget how annoyed I have been. When we first came in my girlfriend who has a clearly visible surgical boot was escorted up the stairs to the second floor after the long painful process to get upstairs we were told there's an elevator here - strike 1. We were brought to the balcony when it was COLD outside and weren't offered a different table in the warm indoors - it was so cold we asked to move inside after about 15 minutes of suffering - strike 2.   After sitting there for a good ten minutes without any service someone came over and asked what we wanted to drink... We each ordered a glass of wine over an hour & a half ago and at this moment no one has asked if we wanted another glass! My empty glass has been sitting here while at least 3 different employees have walked past - strike 3. It seems as though it was an awful evening but the sad part is the good was really really good!  With so many restaurants in New Orleans you would think you would get some quality service to make sure your restaurant stands out - nope, not here! Overall horrible experience and will not come back! Phooey!Beautiful restaurant. I had the lavender lemonade and it was delicious and dreamy. My boyfriend and I split the turtle soup, it was delicious. Hearty, like vegetable beef soup but not! We also had the shrimp and grits, which was super salty but the grits were really good. We took dessert to-go and it was also spectacular. We will definitely come back here. The staff was so very sweet and helpful. Made our experience really really memorableThe food was excellent however service was lackluster and the hostess, Laura was so totally rude, that she managed to offend many people and quite a few left without trying out the restaurant.  Is this woman trying to single handedly destroy the restaurant ?  Frankly, if I were the owner I would have fired her on the spot.although we were hopeful for a fun and enjoyable dining experience, the service was beyond slow (our service staff were beyond disorganized as we had two different waiters who were apparently supposed to be working as a "team", but who lacked efficiency and who eventually - when they finally approached our table - were asking duplicative questions about if we wanted water, cocktails, food, etc. as another team member had asked us immediately beforehand).  
the setting is lovely, however, and there is a lot of potential -- it just seems as though they need to figure out how to appropriately staff the front and the back of the house in order to provide a quality dining experience to guests - both in terms of service and food.the shrimp and grits are of exeptonal quality and pair quite nicely with the plethora of drinks and starters. The grits are very buttery and pair well with the sause it's served in as well as the shrimp giving it a tangy after taste.Food was good, typical higher end New Orleans restaurant. Service was non engaging and it cheapened the experience a bit.  The ambiance was poor- lights were too bright for dinner serviceWe went to a neighboring fine restaurant without a reservation and were turned away. When we asked where to go in the immediate area, they recommended Tableau. This is a large venue with a very clean and elegant atmosphere. Wait staff was plentiful, smartly dressed, and professional (except when you sit at the bar and overhear their private chatter) and the menu was creative although a little pricey for my normal nights out.
They took great care to convert a normal dish to a gluten free recipe and it came out delicious.
From our experience, expect a leisurely evening. There were a number of empty tables for 6 or 8 but the tables for 2/4 were busy. We had a little wait for a small table and then the food took a while to appear.
My only negatives are relevant to the bar. They have a "house" cab that they let me taste and it had a very strong chemical cast. I don't know if it was poorly made wine or if the glass had sterilizer residue. I drink and taste a lot of wine and this was not normal or drinkable. I switched to a "house" pinot noir. It wasn't my favorite style for a pinot, but it was very well made for the price.
A minor issue is that I ordered the fingerling potato salad but I think I was served the fingerling potato side dish. I haven't had both to compare, but I think there was a mix up. Still, it was excellent.Sat on the terrace. Place is quite busy and loud.  Nice drinks and service was superb and attentive. The food was decent nothing special. Some people in our party liked their meals better than others.  Deserts were good.  I think there are better options.Great service and delicious food. I ordered the recommended steak frites and a refreshing mixed drink. Atmosphere is really nice and I like that they have an outdoor area (though it was too humid today for that).This place. First of all, the atmosphere and vibe is absolutely perfect. Could not possibly be better. The food is phenomenal, drinks are good, and the staff is attentive. I know this will be a spot I visit over and over again. Highly recommend.It was a rainy Saturday afternoon popped in to warm up, sat in the upstairs bar during happy hour. Excellent french onion soup, it was our waiter's favorite, loved the El Diablo cocktail, and then we ended up ordering the cheese plate, we should have started with it. Noise was a little loud, mostly due to College football, as expected for a southern bar, definitely will return for dinner.Nice place. Mojitos pretty good. Steak was great.Super service.  I called with only a few days notice and they accomodated my party.  As the reservation neared,  my party of 6 seemed to grow non stop they made every accomodation.   We ended up a party of 20 and I was worried about the size of the party impacting the food and service.  I need not have.  Service and food were fantastic.  My group of conference attendees including our CFO, several VPs and our sales staff were all impressed.  As a meeting planner - I'm grateful to a restaurant that makes me look this good.  I'll definitely use them again.Large two levels restaurant, with bar on each levels. The best is to dine on the second floor outdoor balcony, which loops around the building. Best ambience, fresh air and perfect for people watching! The service is prompt and attentive. The drinks and food are not overpriced. Menu is focused, small and straightforward. Our dinner was good and honest. A must stop around the Jackson Square!Wir hatten hier im Rahmen einer größeren Veranstaltung ein Essen mit Partnern. Ich muss sagen, das ich das Essen geschmacklich am Rande der ungeniessbarkeit empfunden habe. Sowohl Vorspeise als auch Hauptgericht gingen nur symbolisch angefasst in die Küche zurück. Der Nachtisch war übersüß. Das kann in den USA schon mal passieren. Aber auch dort nicht in den guten Restaurants. Der Service war je nach Servicekraft zwischen sehr aufmerksam und schlecht.Holy cow! Had the most impressive lunch experience with my girlfriend at Tableau during their happy hour (daily 2-5) with $5 select cocktails and some small plates. We ordered the calamari and truffle fries, as well as the beef tenderloin sliders which were the star of the show. For drinks, we got a Vesper and a Dark & Stormy, the latter which was especially good. The drinks are strong, but well-balanced. 
Service was excellent and got a stellar dessert recommendation from our waitress for the Tarte a la Bouille, which was definitely the best dessert I've had in recent memory. The sweetness of the custard and caramel was perfectly balanced by the rum sauce and the tartness of the blueberries and strawberries. 
To top off our experience, we were serenaded by a jazz trio who stopped table by table and accepted song requests. I got them to play the Cantina Band theme from Star Wars and it was a beautiful rendition of a catchy tune. They apparently perform only weekends, so we were fortunate enough to be there at the right time. Visiting from NYC, we were impressed by a true display of Southern hospitality and straightforward delicious food. Well-deserved 5+ stars!Fancy pants... I guess.
The shrimp and grits weren't the best, all of the flavors seemed a little watered down when compared to a lot of the other places that we ate.  
Turtle soup was fine, but not one that I would order again.  It lacked flavor that I have come to expect from this dish. 
Watered down is really the best way that I can describe this restaurant.  For a city that has so much flavor everywhere, there isn't a whole lot in here.
My friend did not like that the server rushed her through her salad in order to bring out the entrees.  That was not something that I would expect from a place that seems to think this highly of itself.Not as good as Muriel's, but still very good food in a good location. It is on the fancy side, but I went in wearing jeans and no one swooned or freaked out. The servers were so nice and made it a fun experience. They poured my turtle soup into the bowl at the table. 
The salad on the red fish had just the hint of truffle, and didn't become overwhelming. Use the fingerling potatoes to help mop up the sauce and fish that flakes off... yum!
Our table faced the chef, and you can see into the kitchen. There may be a theatre next door but the real show was in the kitchen. Never have I seen someone in charge look so puzzled without any impact to the rest of the operation. There was no panic or grumbling, the dining room was having a fine time regardless of the quiet drama in front of us.Tableau is a fantastic New Orleans Eatery. We were fortunate to be seated near the kitchen. The kitchen was exemplary in their focus on their mission. Keith and Jewell were the top of their class in service and made the experience memorable.Every Bite a Taste Bud Treat - My boyfriend and I went here based on a recommendation of the American Express Platinum Card concierge.  What wonderful food!  The crawfish bisque (the daily special) was delicious.  We were blown away by the house salad.  Their homemade house dressing turned ordinary salad ingredients into a fantastic experience.  The salmon entree was out of sight.  The key lime pie dessert was heaven on a fork.  No kidding.  Whoever is behind that kitchen door cares deeply about every bite that goes into your mouth.  Our server was great, too.  The French Quarter is New Orleans is rife with restaurants.  This one is worth putting on your list.Service was good and the food was tasty, but the food came to our table cold and my friends burger was undercooked.We had a mini family vacation & my Husband & I had eaten here before. Of course when you rave so much & take people you pray that it meets everyone's expectations....Well, IT WENT ABOVE & BEYOND.  Service, décor & ambiance..Awesome! Then came the food....OMG!!  You have to Try this restaurant if you have never been!!  You will make it a regular place to go to any time you are in New Orleans!!  You can not go wrong with what ever item to choose to eat!!I don't know how Ive always missed this spot with how often I frequent the quarter. If there's a wait, you can enjoy the atmosphere surrounding the bar upstairs, downstairs, or in the courtyard. Just wandered in on a Sunday and hit the happy hour at 2 for a few $5 cocktails and half off tap beer and select wines, sat at the bar, and the three piece jazz band was wandering taking song requests. Great break from the craziness of the quarter. Seating on the balcony overlooks Jackson Square.Just had an excellent lunch experience here. Their shrimp and grits are perhaps the ultimate in comfort food, and the service is great. They also unexpectedly comped my dessert, probably because I was sitting near a window that was getting some noise from some construction happening across the street. And the food prices are very reasonable for this area of town. A fine choice for a meal in the French Quarter.Great little find across from the square in the French quarter. Huge wine selection. They were out of the wine we wanted but the server search high and low to find us something comparable in the same price range. We sat on the balcony overlooking the square but walking through the restaurant you can see the elegance. We only had appetizers with our wine. The portions were small (thus the 4 stars) but very tasty. The scallops wrapped in bacon tasted more like bacon with Jo real scallop taste because they were so small. But there's nothing wrong with bacon! Great service, great experience. Went for the outdoor balcony, will go back to try the dinners.Sunday brunch.  Scotch eggs.  Quiche.  Three piece Jazz band.   Outstanding wait staff.  Beautiful dinning room.  Simply perfectHorrible experience.  Truffle crab legs tasted like small crab legs swimming in Italian dressing.  Received wrong bill- waiter combined 2 tables.  In attentive staff- asked sugar for tea without response.  Fat receptionist sd this is not LA when asked fir help to get taxi on rain soaked nite. Sd this is a walking city - my mom walks with cane.  Food horrible!  Do not go here!AMAZING!!! 
The best cremeburlee I had and even in France. My waiter was very friendly and attentive. I also tried the just feel good drink which was exquisite. Very classy, good ambiance place. If you can get a table on the balcony upstairs you can enjoy the music and views from Jackson square. I will highly recommend it!!Excellent food for a good price, fun live band walking around, and a great location. It's open air and has a beautiful interior.Tableau is a Brennan's restaurant and more than delivers on quality food and service. The Sunday brunch menu accompanied by the live music is a perfect match.My friend and I visited the French Quarter for a getaway full of enthusiasm. As we ventured off into the historical streets one afternoon in search of some good N'awlans cookin', we stumbled upon Tableau and had one of our most pleasant dining experiences to date. We sat beside the french doors that gave us a refreshing view of the courtyard accompanied by the perfect afternoon breeze.
Staff was beyond delightful and helpful. Food was on point. Fun fact: this is the first restaurant I have ever visited that literally served my filet mignon medium rare, as I like it, without me having to return it back to the kitchen for a replacement filet.
Dessert was amazing and the Moscow Mules were perfection.Phenomenal food and service. Lovely inside. The redfish entree and brown butter gnocchi were fantastic. They make an excellent old-fashioned. Kids meals were perfectly portioned. Fries were outstanding. They also have a garden for dining. Highly recommend.We searched for a long time for where to eat during our one day in New Orleans before getting on a cruise. I'm not a fan of Creole or Cajun cuisine, but I wanted something authentically New Orleans. After searching and walking for nearly an hour, we stumbled upon Tableau at Jackson Square. Not only was the ambience great (it was worth waiting 15 extra minutes to sit outside on the balcony to eat), The ingredients were fresh and represented the area well.
They brought a bag of fresh bread and help me better right away. I had the French onion soup and my husband had the soup du jour, which was broccoli and cheese, which they poured tableside. Both were delicious, though a little expensive.
I opted for a Demi asparagus seafood salad which was light and fresh. He had a cheeseburger and asked for truffle fries to go along with it - some of the best I've ever had. 
The only drawbacks: there isn't a huge selection on the menu and our server was a little out of it, but there were multiple people looking after our table and service was pretty speedy.
Overall, this was a great spot for lunch and we would happily go back.Nice professional staff, balcony has awesome view - they were not serving on balcony so we waited there. Bbq shrimp and grits, seafood gumbo and truffles crab claws were amazing. Bloody Marie's were great. Band played a little here and there.  Bar  upstairs was crowdedMy husband and I had a lovely meal on the balcony at Tableau.  The whole restaurant is nice but the balcony overlooking Jackson Square is particularly lovely.  I had a delicious seafood salad but my demi fish was very plain and not particularly tasteful.  My husband's chicken Tableau looked good. Dessert, a custard tart, was fair.  Service was great except they neglected to bring any bread for a long time - bread was fair with butter tasting like margarine.  All in all it was a nice experience, and we will be back.Had a bachelor party here(mine) for 20 guys. We got the private room overlooking the courtyard with a fixed menu. We had a great view and the room was plenty spacious. The food was phenomenal and the service was unparalleled. There were around 4 wait staff taking care of us which was more than enough. The chef sent out a few unexpected treats which made the night that much more special. Would definitely return for a special occasion or just in general.Way more upscale then we were expecting based on the menu prices. I can only assume they're growing a client base and reputation before bringing prices up. Clean and modern, the atmosphere was very enjoyable. The chicken tableau was magic, and I don't say that lightly. It was probably the best chicken dish I've ever had and i highly recommend it to anyone.I SO BADLY wanted to like Tableau. I've been eying it for a while -- I really love gnocchi, I've no idea how to make it at home, and there is a vacuum of gnocchi in New Orleans. Their brown-butter sage gnocchi app has been teasing me for months, and finally my partner and I decided to treat ourselves to a night out. 
Unfortunately, Tableau didn't live up to expectations. The appetizers were good, though. The gnocchi flavor was delicious, and I loved the brown butter sage sauce. My partner had the shrimp crystal, and he absolutely adored it. This is high praise - the man doesn't like getting seafood at restaurants. From there, though, the experience went down hill. His red fish entree was SUPER small, and my chicken tableau was enormous and woefully undercooked. It was so dry! It was so stringy! I could have made better! I had better sitting in my fridge at home! 
I could have forgiven the entrees, though, if we did not wait a solid hour for dessert. An hour. Our entree plates sat with us, scraped empty and clearly finished, and yet our server did nothing more than glance at us before walking hurridly away. Honestly, he was one of the worst servers I've had in New Orleans -- and I've had some interesting experiences. After about an hour, the barback (who was lovely) brought us the check, and when I asked about our desserts she was shocked to learn they never made it to us. It took about 10 more minutes for us to get them, as apparently they'd been... lost? Left somewhere? Who knows, but they had to make new ones. We both got the creme brulee (thanks Coolinary month! It is my favorite), and while the plating was interesting, the texture and taste were a bit... eggy. It was obviously rushed.
The final touch that brought this whole experience to a one star rating was the snafu with the check. We were charged for drinks that we didn't have, and still our waiter was just... harried. Exhausted. Clearly not interested in improving our experience. 
It's a shame. I really did want to like this place. I definitely wouldn't recommend it.Tableau may be a newcomer to Jackson Square but the Brennan family's attention to detail is all over this restaurant. The staff was seriously amazing and performed feats of magic when half of our party arrived late. Ambience was formal but comfortable. We made reservations a month in advance for a graduation and the staff was extremely friendly, accommodating and funny. 
Ok time for the food, it was ridiculously good. It was a very solid meal and the food at Tableau was authentic to its kitchen. There was no forced airs and everything on the menu made sense. Highlights for my party included the speciality cocktails, truffles crab fingers, foie gras tournedos and the duck. Do not pass on dessert- get the praline monkey bread pudding (just do it).I had Gulf Fish. It was unnecessarily breaded and finished with a sweet something that ruined it. The room is elegant and there was live music which was very good. Service was very good. But food has room for improvement.This was our first visit to Tableau.  We were seated upstairs,  at an inside table, which we had requested.  Not many people sitting inside, most were out on the balcony, so it was very quiet.  Service was very good.  Everyone was very attentive.  The food was delicious.  My husband had Turtle Soup and the Roasted  Duck and for dessert the Café au Lait Pot de Crème.  All were delicious!  I had the Seafood Gumbo, Gulf Fish and for dessert the Tarte a la Bouillie.  Again, all were great!Nicholas Payton playing on a Thursday night with a quartet of the city's best, delicious small plates and elegant cocktails along with a great staff. Can't go wrong here.A recent addition to the French Quarter dining options, this upper mid market entry from the Brennan empire ticks most boxes:
- Pleasantly designed
- Good and knowledgeable service
- Interesting menu yielding tasty, well presented food. I'd particularly commend the Turtle Soup with Sherry
- Readonable wine-by-the-glass list
However, my experience was marred by an experiment with hi-tech Check review and payment. The device although "new" was archaic small, low resolution, resistive touchscreen.  The user interface was clunky. And the output side is incapable of printing copies of Split Check for each diner.
This turned into a labourious exit process: management would be well advised to shelve this idea if they can't make it work much better, or they will alienate a lot of customers!Service was so slow, we sat on the balcony and thought our waiter had forgotten about us. Went during off-hour lunch, and still waited half an hour for our food after we finally got to order. Our food was room temperature at best. It is overpriced for what we got.Great place for a wedding reception/dinner! I am bit late with this post, but we recently held our wedding reception/dinner at Tableau in September 2016. We live in San Antonio, TX and had a small destination wedding in New Orleans. We had the dinner in the Parlor Room. 
At first we were a bit skeptical because we were planning all from out of town and communicated a lot through email, but everything went off without a hitch and our guest thoroughly enjoyed dinner at Tableau. 
Here are just some notes regarding our experience:
 - Coordinator/Salesperson: Working with Ali was a breeze. She even helped us connect with an awesome florist (Fat Cat Flowers) and connect with security for our second line. Ali was the best!
 - Food: Overall we enjoyed the food and received no complaints from our guests. Everyone left with a happy belly. This was not the best food we have had in New Orleans, but obviously that is a very hard task to accomplish in New Orleans. And this would be a restaurant we would go back to for a dinner or lunch ( even factoring out the emotional wedding connection that we now have to it). 
 - Service: Besides the amazing service from Ali, the wait staff was great! 
 - Room: The Parlor room was amazing! It was simple, clean and had a small balcony which made for some great pics.This is a very nice restaurant with excellent food, but the service left a little more to be desired.  I ordered the filet a la oscar, which was finger licking good.  For dessert we had the blueberry buckle, which was also delicious.  The waiters were kind of all over the place and weren't very attentive.  I would expect more from an establishment like this.  We sat in the courtyard, maybe the service was better in the dining room.  They kind of just stood around instead of checking on us.  I would go back, only for the food... with the expectation that the service would be better.Tableau has a nice balcony area where you can sit and get a great view of New Orleans! I got the Bananas Foster Cheesecake, which came with a chocolate covered pecan toffee and Old New Orleans Rum caramel sauce. It was very beautiful and delicious - not too sweet either.The atmosphere was great! The Jazz music was a little loud but outside seating is an option.  Staff was friendly and the entrees were appropriately priced. Creme brûlée was fantastic in my opinion.Nice building, with three floors. First floor is airy and nice, but there was a parade stuck outside when we were there, so we were glad to be in the smaller but quiet third floor room. Staff very friendly and attentive. Excellent wine list with not-the-usual by the glass. Bourbon with rosemary cocktail was excellent. Food was true to New Orleans, but pretty much exactly what you would have received at a middling place decades ago. Shrimp in remoulade was bland and a bit mealy. Fish of the day was redfish but could have been any thin fillet with a thick crust, swimming in butter with desultory crab on top. What was Mr. B thinking?Very dissapointing dining experience. Service was poor and managment inexperienced and inattentive. The food was marginal at best!!FAAAAABULOUSSS!! My husband & I are foodies & eat out way more than we should. Always been a favorite hobby of ours, unfortunately. (I've got the waistline to prove it! *sobs*). We actually left saying this is one of our top 10 dining experiences of all time! A must if you want to put down ur po boys for the night & indulge in a nice meal. We ran in on a very stormy night & they were booked. We were given the option of dining in the upstairs at the bar. So glad we did !!! The staff was so fun & treated us amazing. Alex was our bartender who made the experience even more enjoyable. Along with the waitresses we talked to, he recommended THE BEST dishes !!! It was our 20 year anniversary dinner & it was memorable !! If you're in NOLA debating one of the amazing restaurants - stop searching GO HERE!!! A must on our next trip.Ate here with a group of 5 on a business trip. Food was okay. Had a filet mignon which left me a little disappointed - and only a tiny 6oz option. Everything was just "ok". Not a bad place but not a place I have to eat at again. Much better options out there.Perfect happy hour spot. Make reservations for the balcony. We had the crawfish au gratin and a carafe of wine. It was a good deal - we went around 4pm so I'm not sure when happy hour deals start or end. The inside of the restaurant was also gorgeous!Spent a week in New Orleans for a family get together(14 of us). We booked a private room for 2 hours for drinks and dinner.   4 hours later we left. They were very kind about us over staying our welcome.  Food was phenomenal and the drinks were superb.
I actually ate vegetarian that night to get away from the heavy foods of the week.  French onion soup was salty and cheesy(as expected but again very good). Their cauliflower steak was charred and served with a cheese sauce. Probably the best thing Ive had in some time!
Portions were great.
Drinks were superb. 
Can't imagine going to NOLA and not going back!Elegant looking and quiet, this restaurant features extremely slow service and basically inexistent lightning on their beautiful second floor balcony. Waiter seemed to notice us, but decided still not to wait on us, until we asked for it, and for numerous other things we needed. Food was ok, but nothing outstanding.There was a bit of a wait for a table but none for the bar so we headed upstairs, ordered at the bar, and sat at a table in the bar area. The bartenders were all super helpful. The service was amazing, and my fried oyster salad was delicious. My colleague got the French onion soup and said that it was amazing. I'd definitely go back.We arrived at closing time, they escorted us in and gave us the best food we had in new orleans the whole week. Gracious service and the chef visited our table too.We came here to sit on the balcony and for happy hour (daily 2 to 6 pm).  We ordered happy hour small plates (seared yellowfin tuna $6 and filet mignon slider $12) and half priced beer & wine on tap.  The view is great!  Live music spilling up from Jackson Square is even better!In January my niece and her fiancé were married in New Orleans.  On Friday before the wedding, both families got together for the first time.  We were a table of 18.
The bride and groom chose a Brennan's restaurant because Brennan's name is synonymous with quality service and food in the French Quarter.  
We had a 6:00 reservation and after cocktails were seated before 6:30.  We sat at the table for 5 or 10 minutes before anybody came and greeted us and another ten before they took our drink order. 
The waiter told us the specials and then we sat for 20 minutes before he took the order. No one brought us bread until we asked. Oh, when it came to the table it was cold; not room temperature it was cold.  We told the cocktail server it was cold and she said when it comes out of the oven it cools off quickly.  That bread hadn't been in an oven since it was baked.
By 8:00 tension at the table was palpable. Other than bread and one round of drinks, we had nothing.   Poor, poor service and no food. Seems to be well beyond unacceptable.  We found the general manager who I believe is Chris.  Note, we had to find Chris, who didn't know what was happening in his restaurant. He came to the table and apologized.  Great he is taking control - NOT! 
There were several staff assigned to the table but only one waiter and one cocktail server who had to take 18 orders.  Something about that just doesn't seem efficient.  If the cocktail server needs 30 seconds to take order, that's roughly 9 minutes to travel around the table assuming that there are no communication issues. It would taken longer for the waiter to get food orders.  If that wasn't poor planning enough, the waiter had four or five other tables in that dining room.  Chris' decision to pay attention (which I assure you he didn't) was far too late in the game.
How is it a manager in a restaurant, in a busy town like NOLA, on a Friday night, doesn't know what's going on with a large party upstairs?  It makes no sense.
When the apps arrived, the Tableau salad was served without dressing and it took another 15 minutes to get.   I excused myself from the table to find a manager and I found Kelly.  I told him this entire meal was beyond impossible to believe.  He said well "I'm trying to make it right."  How was he trying to make it right?  We still only had one server, a cocktail girl and a couple busboys.  I asked him if knew what was in the Tableau salad and he said "uh, greens, and tomatoes."  I asked what else and he told me it was a new item "I'm not really sure."  Are you kidding me?  He didn't know what dressing goes on your house salad.  
Then our entrees came.  I had the bouillabaisse and it was okay; in fact nothing was better than okay and a few things were just wrong.  The fish was barely warm and my 82 year old mother's filet was cold.  The staff offered to heat the items up, but do you think we would have ever let anything leave that table at that point?  
The problems were not staff-related. I left a 20 percent tip which was far, far above the appropriate amount; our waiter was was borderline rude and disinterested.  But my guess is he had a table of 18 and three or four additional parties on top of that and had very little help at all.  If I'm wrong he just rude and should not be a waiter.
Chris and Kelly should have assigned a table of 18 two servers and two cocktail people.   That didn't happen.  Everything about it was just terrible.  
We are in NOLA for a terrific and joyous occasion. But for that, our experience at Tableau was the type of thing would ruin a vacation.
It's hard for me to imagine that an operating group like Brennan's has such inept training.
There was a busboy by the name of Thomas who was incredibly friendly, polite and I think understood the catastrophe that was happening before his eyes.
A quick post script:  I reached out to Brennan's with a lengthy email in January and they were going to get back to me.  Mr. Henriquez did call me and when I returned his call asked if he could call me back - that was a month and a half ago.I was expecting this place to be highly priced because it was a Brennan restaurant and because of the location. I went during FQF and was seated on the balcony overlooking the square. The food was delicious (Turtle Soup & Oyster PoBoy), the ambiance was very nice and the location was spectacular. The only negative was they weren't serving bread pudding that day and I love all of the Brennan restaurants bread pudding. Other than that it was a very good experience!I would not go here if you need to leave at a set time. We had about 70 minutes for our meal when we sat down, that was not enough time. 30 minutes in I realized we were in trouble.  I asked the server to bring the rest of the food out because we had to leave at a certain time. Unfortunately we the food didn't come by the time we needed to leave. They boxed our food and held it for us to pick up after our event. It was nice that they held it, but I wish they hadn't dressed our salads as they were all soggy by the time we we got them. Made for a disappointing meal.Yummmmmm. Food was delicious. Staff was so sweet and kind. The live music really gave it that NOLA vibe you want when dining out in the French quarter.Amazing. I'm sitting here eating delicious tomato, crab, shrimp and asparagus salad drizzled balsamic vinaigrette with a cool breeze floating past and listening to a charming 3 person brass band. I'm in heaven.I understand that it was Christmas Eve, but......we were seated at 6:30 our food order was taken at 7:00. Our first course did not arrive at the table until about 8:30, entrées not until after 9:00.
Portions were small.
The wait staff was very accommodating,  in spite of the long wait, with bread and drinks.
Keep ordering the bread and butter!!!
9:30  and our dessert order was just taken. Dessert finally came a little after 10:00.
Absolutely the worse Creme Brule I have ever had.  Comes in a flat plate and is nothing but pure sugar. The other desserts were subpar.I do not like this place very much. It may be a good place for view of the Jackson square when you choose to sit on the balconyToo pricey. Food was ok. Service was wonderful. If you are looking for a nice place to celebrate something, this might be it. But if you are just looking for a place to eat (or to have some tasty food), aviod it.We really enjoyed our lunch. We ate outside on the balcony overlooking Jackson square 
The food was fantastic and the servers were very accommodating 
A place I would revisit!Fabulous ambiance, large three story restaurant with many seating options we sat on the balcony with a view of Jackson Square, the service was fabulous, staff was super friendly, I had the best black tea that I have ever tasted, the waitress said it was from St. Louis but I don't ember the name of the tea. We will definitely visit this restaurant again when we come to New Orleans. Food was remarkably good.Stopped in for pre-dinner cocktails and a snack. Lovely bar, great service. Enjoyed the French 75; When the Levee Breaks, not so much. Their Old Fashioned was served with (gasp) maraschino cherries. Eggplant fingers were a nice treat.Tableau is a tough review for me for a few reasons.
First of all, I really like the decor here. They really did a great job with the place. When we arrived, we were lead upstairs to a fairly large room with other diners. Although the room was a good size, almost every table was filled with people, so when we were seated, it made conversation somewhat difficult. I feel if they removed one of the tables and spread things out a little bit, it would be a little better.
We got the wine list, decided on a wine and ordered. It seemed like the wine took a while, but it was a Saturday night, so I won't be too critical of that part.
For our appetizer we decided on the bacon wrapped oysters. They were delicious. The oysters were semi-raw and wrapped in cooked bacon. The bacon added a lot of flavor to the oysters themselves making it the perfect appetizer.
I decided on a soup for my second course, which was French Onion. It came in a small bowl with a THICK layer of cheese and bread on top of it. It was amazing and perfect. I probably could have eaten three bowls and called it a meal.
For my entree' I decided on the red fish in some kind of butter sauce. While it was good, it wasn't amazing and it didn't blow me away. At places like this, I usually order a steak because you usually can't go wrong with a steak, and I found myself wishing I had made that decision here. It was a major disappointment.
Finally, for dessert, we ordered bread pudding. It was pretty typical bread pudding and nothing overly special.
The staff was super nice and attentive and although the service was somewhat slow, the staff was really good about checking on us and making sure that all of our needs were met. 
I know that people say that you should wait a while before trying a new place. Under normal circumstances, I would probably give my experience here three stars. Because we dined here within two weeks of their opening, I decided to bump them up to four stars because they are still working out the kinks. I would go back, but I think I would wait until they are a little more settled into their routine.I'll start with the positive: the food and atmosphere. Both are great. The Just as Well cocktail was one of the best ones I've had recently, and the shrimp and grits are well worth ordering. The building is a beautiful space right on Jackson Square, with a courtyard and columns throughout. My cousin had her wedding and reception here in 2017, and we returned for dinner when we were back in New Orleans. 
But on our return for dinner, the service ranged from inattentive to downright annoying. We had to wait a long time to get our table even with a reservation. When we finally were seated, our wait team was inexplicably 3 different waiters who tried to upsell us on everything we ordered (no, I wouldn't like to add shrimp to my shrimp and grits), and would ignore us for long stretches. My wife ordered a 2nd glass of wine about 5 minutes before our main course came, and we saw the bartender prepare it and place it on the bar to be carried to us after about 2 minutes, but it sat there the entire time we received our food and ate it. A waiter brought it only after we had already finished and were ready for the check, by which point she hardly wanted it any more. The bar was completely free of other diners by this point, so it wasn't a question of a crowded restaurant. 
Overall, the food's good, pricey (but it's the French Quarter, so expect that), and the organization and service leaves a lot to be desired.