Great tacos, slow service, drinks are on the expensive side. Nice patio overlooking St. Charles. Absolutely do not go if you're in a hurry.If you're in New Orleans but you wish you were in Slidell, or Kansas, this might be an ok place to go. The music is AWFUL (latest American top 40) and is unavoidably loud (would be ok if it werent awful music - your business is in New Orleans! Neither the food nor music have to be local, of course, BUT, they have to be high quality, and not Midwestern Suburb variety). I have been a few times over the past few years, in hopes of adopting another margarita spot near home, but I feel like Im on vacation in a place I regret going to. Finally, the margaritas are very sugary. Food is forgettable.Skip the expensive restaurants and enjoy reasonably priced good food and awesome.service. Best nachos and salsa ever.I come here almost every tuesday. And i have to say it one of my favorite tack tuesday spots. Beef tongue is my favorite type of taco. So delicious. i would give it a five stars, but the service really sucks. I learn to deal with it tho because the tacos are so yummy. And its only a dollar on tuesday! See you on taco tuesday!Was greeted immediately and received drinks promptly, but then waited and waited and waited for an order to be taken and no one can to our table. Not even a "be with you soon" so we left. Worst service I've had this far living in New OrleansWe only came in for beers while we waited for a table at another restaurant. The service was really disorganized and everyone seemed a bit confused about who was supposed to be serving us. Then the manager and the bartender got into an argument in the front of the restaurant and it was incredibly uncomfortable. I understand these things happen, but they should happen in the back of the restaurant.Upon arrival I was "greeted" by the hostess whom rudely informed me that the wait time was going to be over 1 hour. She then proceeded, with the upmost disrespect, to tell me that if I were to go to the bar, I would be asked to leave. After rudely being turned away from the nearly empty bar, I then decided to leave. This scenario was a waste of my time and strongly disappointing. I have been coming to Tacos and Beer for years and have received stellar service from the waiters Collin and Pez, however, these last few weeks this hostess continues to have a snooty and rude attitude.Went here as it is a few blocks from our place.  The decor is beautiful and the service wasn't too shabby. The food is pretty good and the owner came out to ask how everything was, which is always nice. Def coming back, especially for taco Tuesday!Okay, I go here practically every Tuesday for Taco Tuesday. Me and the girls are regulars. We know majority of the wait staff and bartenders and we have no problems with any of them. However, the hostess, Blair, definitely seems to have a problem with us and she makes it very clear every time we come. The way she handles herself and her position is very unprofessional and rude. It's gotten to the point where we try to avoid contact with her when we come, which is practically impossible given she is right at the door. Our friend sat us a little bit earlier, when a table became available, because he had the space in his section for our large group and she came and yelled at him in front of all of us. As someone who knows how the service industry works, if you have a problem don't go and yell at your fellow staff member in front of customers? How rude. It gives such a bad look on the restaurant and the other employees. Also, as I am writing this review she came and yelled at our server again in front of our table and the table next to us because she's struggling to fit a group of 12 in when they are short of staff. This not only looks bad on her, but on the whole restaurant. 
Besides all of that, the restaurant is great and home-like and I hate missing a Tuesday. I hate giving it a bad review, but the issue stated above needs to be addressed.Don't waste your time or money.  As someone who lives in the neighborhood I  am disappointed.  This is a cheap tourist trap with low quality overpriced food and cheap beer. 
Tried this twice (second time I don't know why I went back but like to give second chances) And was unsurprised at what I got: bad tacos and cheap beer.Deee-lish street tacos!!! Great Salsa, definitely going back next time I'm in New Orleans.So we were riding the trolley and saw "tacos" and jumped off. The place is nice, decorated in calaveras which I love! My man ordered the big ass burrito (carne asada) - not smothered with salsa and cheese. It was a typical burrito. Nothing special. I had the grilled fish tacos which I made half grilled shrimp. The tacos a come with shredded cabbage and a chipotle sauce that has a little kick to it. It also comes with a cactus salad which was ok. I ordered the jamacia tea - which tasted a little funky. It wasn't bad but it wasn't good either. My man ordered the horchata - which tasted more like Central American horchata - not Mexican. And yes there is a difference. It was fabulous. Don't come here looking for authentic Mexican food. You won't find it. 
On a side note- the woman's bathroom has a large granite table to change your baby or put your purse. That is a plus!This was literally my first time at this establishment & my experience was terrible.
My gf, her brother, & I popped in to order some tacos to go. Upon entering, the guy working the bar instructed us to sit wherever we'd like & the hostess began picking up menus for us. I let her know that we wanted to place an order to go. She told us that we could place our order at the bar.
After a few minutes of us looking at the menu, the bartender walked back over & asked if we were ready to order. My girl's brother placed his order & as I was telling the bartender what I wanted, he interrupted me to say that he was going to pour some beer & walked away! I was extremely annoyed with his rude behavior so I walked off to the bathroom. I sent my order to girlfriend via text just in case he came back before I returned.
When I got back, my gf confirmed that they placed the order. After a few minutes of us waiting, the bartender randomly started reciting back our order from the middle of the bar. (We we're on the far left of the bar) He repeated it twice quickly & out of order. Then, WALKED AWAY AGAIN!!!!
Also, while we were waiting for him to acknowledge us, he was busy holding conversation with locals / (seemed to be) friends. (They dapped each other off across the bar.)
When he finally came back - not to collect our money or to confirm the order but to ask someone else standing directly next to us a question - I said "Hi! I just want to make sure that you got the order correct." I got to the 2nd item & he interrupted me AGAIN with a "correction" on my order, saying that he was told that we wanted 2 carne asadas, instead of one. I looked over at my gf's to confirm the number of meals that she wanted.
She spoke up to correct him on what we wanted & also pointed out how quickly he repeated the order & walked away before we could confirm anything. He started arguing with her about what we wanted!!! At that point, I turned her & said let's go. As we were walking out, he sarcastically shouted "HAVE A GOODNIGHT!"
I'm disgusted by the lack of customer service, the bartender's dismissive behavior, and disappointed that none of the other employees stepped in to fix the situation or offer any help - instead of watching the drama unfold.
I have never dined at this establishment & after the way we were treated, I never will.Great service. No wait. Amazing food. We got the nachos and the chicken on top was super fresh and plentiful. No skimping on the cheese either. Great prices. highly recommend this place for an app and marg.Service is good but ownership is not great. Chile relleno was okay but chewy. Margaritas weren't anything remarkable.I almost had a mediocre experience here once but the food was so-so. My nachos were  burnt..... But this last time I didn't even stick around for the ok food a crappy service. I walked in and stood at the host stand waiting to be seated. I decided to peruse the menu while I waited. After waiting for a minute or so, a family came in and stood behind me. The host walked up, looked directly behind me, and said " Table for 4?" I looked behind me to see the family, put the menu back on the stand, looked at the host and walked out of the restaurant. Since I'm invisible take this invisible cash! 
The first time I was greeted with awful, slow and rude service. They offered free tequila shots every time the Saints scored. Well, the shots never quite made it to my friend and I on 3 separate rounds!
It's a shame that I live so close (in walking distance) and love mexican food so much but the service is so god awful that I'd rather drive somewhere to get a taco. According to these reviews, seems like this is the norm. I guess it's true that location matters most.If you are ever in New Orleans, Tacos and Beer is a definite stop you should make.  We had a Molcajete dinner and we were able to share it between 5 adults and we were all full. It was absolutely amazing.  I must warn you it is spicy but delicious.   Our server Lorrien was really sweet and she was especially sweet to our niece.  I would definitely come here again if we are ever in this area again.Ive beben there many times always had a great experience and kept bringing all my friends whom loved the place as well until today when I had a really bad experience, first they take so long to attend is, then we flirt a michelada in a Bloody Mary glass and on top of that we get charged more for it., I asked to speak to the manager and he was chatting with other people and didn't even acknowledge us until we got up and of course paid our bill and left then he decides to come and talk to us, but we kept walking because we have many choices. On top of that l a drunk person  outside told us shit the f up... Because we were speaking Spanish.. And that's customer service?Highly recommend the fish taco (fried) with corn tortilla. And the Big Ass burrito, wet. I got it with Barbacoa and chicken in the burrito, which was nice. The Baja sauce on the fish taco is hot... And I love hot, so non spicy enthusiasts may need to bewareGreat taco choices and a good portion of protein in each one.  My margarita was also quite delicious.  Music was a little loud, but our waiter was awesome and the tacos hit the spot!My first visit was over this past weekend. I usually avoid places like this because of the lack of parking available but we were meeting some friends. The general appearance is nothing to brag about, just another food joint. My husband and I joined our friends who were already seated. The waiter came over immediately and brought us menus and took our drink order. He was very helpful in guiding me on what was most popular. I got 4 soft tacos in the marinated pork, an order of queso and hubs got the dui fries. We were more than pleased with the portions and taste! I thoroughly enjoyed my food and visit. I'm giving this place 4 stars because it was a little pricey. I would definitely return.A Restaurant experience is always great when you have good service, cool place to hang and the food is good.
On this visit we got all that.  Our server was amazing , helpful and attentive to our needs.
We were there with friends and ordered The Queso with Chorizo, so so good.  We ordered the beer special 5 bottles for $15 and you can mix and match...excellent.
We got the 12 tacos plate with guacamole and we also got the pico.  
The place is called Tacos and Beer...so stick to that and you are in heaven.  
Don't' order pasta here!The food is okay but we will never go back. We went there on a Saturday night around 10 o'clock. We like any music but the music they were paying was the most vulgar music I have ever heard, especially at a restaurant. The longer we stayed the worse it got, my husband finally said something to our server. The server went inside and the music changed during  the song to a totally different genre. When she came back my husband said you didn't have to do anything so drastic so she said she didn't do anything. When we left we didn't leave  tip and our the server yells at us as we're are waking down the street "hope you had fucking good service, you are acting like a fucking kid".We went on Thursday it was pretty slow. Ordered the mango and mango strawberry Margaritas they were great. Then we ordered the loaded fries which were good. The drinks are strong and the loaded fries can be shared as a meal if you just want a snack.I have been having trouble finding authentic Mexican food in New Orleans,  as you can read in my previous reviews.  
Search no more, baby!!!
I found some great tacos, at a great price ( $1. during M-F happy hour 3p-6p and $2 fish tacos). 
I forgot to see what the regular price was.
I live close by, but have been reluctant to try here because it just seems like a touristy restaurant,  from the outside patio to the name. I usually see twenty-some things outside in the evening. Nothing really wrong with that, but just not my thing (drunks and noisewise). 
There are good drink specials during the happy hour, too. 
Nice, friendly bartender (Kylie) greeted me (2pm), and got my beer order. I told her I was going to try the tacos, and she raved about the tacos and really everything on the menu (not unusual for restaurant employees to say everything is good ). 
I'll see for myself. 
THE FOOD: I ordered a guacamole  (can't help it), came with salsa and chips ($3.99). IT WAS REALLY GOOD!!! I'm reserving the word "great " just in case. Good mix of smooth avocado and bits of chunk avocado with garlic, lime, with a bit of red onion and tomato on top. Looked good. I forgot to take a "before" picture, but you can tell by the "after" pic that I really liked it. 
Salsa had good flavor, but no heat. It's not uncommon for restaurants to serve a mild salsa, and make you ask if you want hotter. In this case, they didn't have hotter, so I asked for diced jalapeño  (.75 cents), no problem.  I mixed it in the salsa and a bit it the guac. PERFECT. 
Here's a suggestion,  RESTAURANTS. ... why not ask at the time the order is placed, mild, or hot???
I know, sounds simple.  
TACOS :  
1 Carne asada. Very good flavor, tasty. 
Comes with cilantro and onion. 
2, lengua. Very tender, plenty of tongue flavor. Comes with cilantro and onion. 
3, chorizo. Sweet taste, very good, a little crispy.
Comes with cilantro and onion. 
See a common thread here? 
All served on 2 flour tortillas,  with side hot sauce, one verde and one red, smoky... both great flavor and heat.. very very good. 
I was still hungry, so I tried a carnitas taco. 
Good moist pork, nice. A little oily on this tortilla,  but still good. 
I'm going back to try other menu items, too. This was a great start. 
I would have given 5 stars EXCEPT the music they had blaring was rap and other stuff that 20-30 yr olds like. There were some other customers in the 40-50 yr old range here, I didn't see them jamming to the music, but some of the staff was singing along. So, who is this being played for?  I think a late night crowd would like it. 
Me? I would have preferred the ESPN broadcast audio (instead of reading captions), or some lower volume music. 
Street parking,  and the place is clean.Service was great.  Food was mediocre at best.  I ordered a taco salad with al pastor as my meat choice.  It was ok but I thought it lacked flavor.  I ordered some jalapenos to go with it and they were the cheap pickled jar type instead of the fresh jalapeno I expected.  My girlfriend ordered the quesadillas and they came out very greasy and were bland.  If you want good service and cold beer and aren't concerned with the food too much then this might be okay for you.My wife & I were in New Orleans a couple weeks ago & ate here twice. We ate at quite a few places in the French Quarter & the Garden section. Our quest for good food brought us here. We weren't expecting what we got. One of the cleanest places in the area with really good food. Don't be put off by the name or the look of the outside for the area. Go inside for good service, great Mexican food & it's far cleaner than most others. This a family owned restaurant with reasonable prices. The portions are big. We had the chimi, a burrito & tacos. I liked that I could get shredded beef instead of ground but they offer both. 
Go try!Casual, delicious food! The meats are well seasoned. The Al Pastor (marinated pork) is my favorite. The Chori-Queso is to die for!  The margarita's are quite good, too. My only small complaint is the service, but the delicious food makes up for it. I will be going back! Taco Tuesdays are a great deal, but it does get crowded! Come early or come another night!This is one of our favorite spots in NOLA! The margaritas are the best. Can't beat $1 taco tuesday either! The tacos are amazing! We come to Tacos and Beer at least twice a month! AMAZING!The key to this place is going at the right time I guess. I've been here numerous times before and had 3 to 4 star experiences. This time I went early in the day on a Sunday with my son and we really had a great time. The chips were super fresh and went great with with the queso which is my fav. I think we really enjoyed the chips and queso more than the tacos but the tacos were bomb as well. The salsa is also very good. The place wasn't super crowded which was nice for a change. We got to pick a cool table by the windows and really just enjoyed the music (the cool music is another reason why I like this place) and tacos. Our server was cool and seemed to really want us to enjoy our experience. He was timely with refills and all the usual things you come to expect with good service. The tacos at this place are my fav in the area so I'll def be back soon.Ordered 2 house margaritas on the rocks from the bar, price wasn't posted anywhere, but figured "how bad could it be?"- turns out they we $26 for TWO house margaritas! Music was INSANELY loud and clubbish, our entire table had to yell just to have a conversation and the prices were a little steep for what you actually got. I'm not saying it was, the food was pretty decent, just a warning to know what you're getting yourself into!$1 tacos sounds great for happy hour until you realize how crappy the staffing is here. Kevin, an amazing bartender and a hard worker, was behind the bar by himself and the bar was slowly filling up. First, they have the TouchTunes system here but when I played it, my songs were not playing but instead we had to listen to some club music. I complained and Kevin changed it. Although I missed two of my songs, I got to hear 2 of my songs that I paid for out of 12 before the waitress, taking a break from her barking out orders at Kevin and sipping on her Red Bull behind the bar, switched the music back to the untza untza dance music. Then my tacos that I ordered without cilantro and onion, came out wrong. Kevin tried to correct it but after 10 minutes later of waiting, we were done. The manager on duty was cool enough to refund our jukebox money and comp our tab. We tipped Kevin because he's awesome. The waitress, kitchen staff, and staffing, not so much. Advice: get the orders right, get more staff during your $1 taco times, and if you're going to have music, maybe try something less club music. Oh, and get your waitress to maybe be nicer to your hardworking bartender and drink her Red Bull elsewhere is she doesn't want to get behind the bar and help him.Found the tacos to be great. Al Pastor, chorizo, carnitas all were great. The chips and guac not so good.Anybody who knows me knows I'm a sucker for good Mexican food. Especially and specifically tacos. Ironically enough, I have never had a taco here. Call me contrary, but the name is Tacos and Beer, I wanted to see how they make out with the things that aren't in the name.
So... they have a stuffed pepper. You need to eat it. Order it with the brisket. You won't be disappointed. It's cheesy and meaty and well seasoned and not in any way portion appropriate, but that just means you need a to go box and have this deliciousness again once you've gotten home.
Also, the flautas and the Big Ass Burrito are noteworthy. Be mindful, though, that while the Dine-In BAB seems to regenerate itself after every bite, the Take-out BAB's powers are limited by its need to fit in a box. 
There is also a thing called a Cadillac Margarita. It only takes one. Yes, they're delicious and you may think you need 2, but you really shouldn't have more than 3. If you  want 3, go for it though. They're great. That far in, though, maybe we order a pitcher next time, ok champ?
The food is great and the ambiance is really cool. Laid back tunes on the playlist and real good drinks. Late hours as long there's a crowd to justify it and a delightful patio on which to sit (though I usually find a seat at the bar) 
Awesomeness.If you go you have to get a large Marg! I love the mango raspberry swirl! Taco's are good, especially when they are 1$ on a Tuesday! Food is pretty mediocre. Good for a group get togetherWent for taco Tuesday as usual. I was there early, around 5:30. My waitress was so unbelievably rude. I asked her for hot sauce and she haughtily replied that she was only one person and she wouldn't be able to find me any.
Minutes later she threw some tacos in my direction and I had to ask another server to get some lime and salsa.
I then mentioned to a manager that her service was totally out of whack.
As I was leaving the heckled me about my previously good review. YIKES.Beef tongue soft taco with the verde salsa  is delicious Caesar the manager is cool as hell, and Jesus P should be your waiter.The whole table became very sick after having the taco special there. Like VERY sick. The asada was chewy, the brisket was dry and now food poisoning. Awesome!  Dine at your own risk.The place smelled like bathroom cleaner, decor was nice and seemed like a cool bar. Bartender seemed inexperienced- I asked for vodka soda with lime and drink came back cloudy with terrible taste. He was very nice and took it back and I asked for vodka/diet which came back with very flat cola. Terrible. He never checked on us again. Food eaten by others at bar looked tasty. We are local, will not be back.This would have been great but the server got slammed. We didn't blame slow service on her but then the happy hour check came and we were charged for salsa that we didn't order. Who ever expects 2.50 every time you run out of 2 ounces of salsa. So cheap to make charging that added over 10$ to a table of 4. Will NEVER Recommend or be back due to that and the waitress getting pissed for not getting 20 on a 50 tab.Great food, not the cheapest and probably not worth what we payed unless get the GROUPON. Pitcher of margarittas were great and good alcohol content. Great service; a little difficult to find street parking.Service 
Guac 
Beef tacos 
Carne Asada plate 
Everything was amazing, food was delicious. Definitely coming back.This place is very mediocre. It's pretty much sub-par Mexican food that definitely doesn't taste fresh and overall weak drinks. There are definitely better Mexican restaurants in New Orleans that have the same prices but way better food and way stronger drinks. The service was decent but the bill ended up being pretty high for such a sub-par meal.Ohhhhh forgot to mention all the Tacos are only $1!!!! Come on son you can not pass this one up.I'll lead with what these guys get right.  Location, the restaurant is in an alluring section of the city right on the St. Charles streetcar line.  Also, they have a really nice patio with a mix of sun and shade, with a great view of the streetcar line and bewitching architecture on this historic avenue.  Where things started to go sideways had to do with confusion about the menu. My buddy asked a staff member if they had vegetarian beans before we sat down and a she laughed and answered yes.  Once seated we probed further about which beans were vegetarian, because they had refried beans and black beans. Our waitress wasn't sure, but was going to check with the kitchen. She returned with the answer that neither are vegetarian.  I recommend the staff get on the same page and be informed on this issue.  Even better, offer a vegetarian bean option.  They did offer other veggie options so we ordered some tacos and a cheese and portobello quesadilla.  The quesadilla was made with green peppers and onions included.  Those ingredients were not listed the menu and not what I wanted, so we asked for the items to be taken off the bill, which they did.  The drinks were good and a decent price.  So bottom line, maybe a spot to grab drink and enjoy the patio, but the food wasn't my bag.Some of the best tacos in NOLA, and I'm from California so I've had my fair share of tacos. The happy hour is unbeatable with $1 tacos all day on tuesday, and my margarita (although a little pricey considering the taco deal) did the trick! These tacos are street style tacos which are simple, but the flavoring of the meat is what makes them delicious. I will definitely be back!Tacos and Beer is close to where I live, so I love that I can have a beer-rita (recommended! It's $14) and walk home. I've finally found a great place that serves Tex-Mex chile rellenos! I LOVE it with suadero meat and I also love the fact that it's served on top of the meat instead of having the chile poblano stuffed with it. Tuesday Tacos are a must! 
The only downside to this is, the last two times I've been here, the server was super rude. Not all of them are, but her name was Sylvania. She always seemed like she was in a hurry when there weren't any tables and just her remarks weren't friendly. I suppose that's the south for ya.Food was delicious, unfortunately we didn't have time to enjoy our meal. From the time we ordered until our appetizer came out was 53 minutes. When we ordered we mentioned to the server we were on a time crunch so it was ok to bring apps & main course out in any order. She had no sense of urgency, we ordered civiche for the app and it still took 53 minutes to get that.  I would assume the civiche is pre-made and only needed to be brought out to the table.  Definitely give this place a try if you have a good 2 to 3 hours for dinner but if you have plans to do Anything else afterwards you may want to skip it altogether!  
We scarfed down our food in 12 minutes, cancelled the quesadilla that we'd ordered, dropped some cash on the table (including more of a tip than was deserved) and jetted out of there just in time to make our show reservation.Can't beat the dollar tacos on Tuesdays. Great meat selection, including brisket and marinated pork. Service is mediocre at best. The wait staff is often indifferent or incompetent. If you like loud disco music, the atmosphere is for you. I don't like disco, or having to shout my order to the waitress, so it loses another point there. Ultimately, the food is worth the mediocre service and subjectively unpleasant ambience.the service was very nice and worked with all of us (even if we were a bit rowdy) to make sure we were comfortable. The tacos are a little small, but the drinks are huge! Great music too! This is a perfect place for the summer, to meet up with friends and fiesta b4 going to a concert or outGood tacos. Went on a Tuesday night for $1 taco night. The carne asada was great. The fish taco was good and they need a bit of improvement on the carnitas. Tacos come "street style" with corn tortillas, onions, & cilantro. It's extra for flour tortillas, sour cream, lettuce, shredded cheese, and tomatos. The cheese dip and guacamole is good and affordable for the quantity they give you. $3.50 for small queso & 3.99 for guacamole with pico on top. Chips are thick but fresh. Margaritas ranged from $8-$12. They definitely do not skimp on the tequila. Good service and didn't wait for too long for a table. They played loud hip hop/ trap music while we were there so it promotes a party atmosphere. If I find myself on Saint Charles looking for some tacos I would return.Great as usual. Been coming here for years. Sophia was a great server. I'll continue to come here when in town. Good was good and happy hour prices even better!
Update:
  Ive been coming here for years. Service definitely isn't up to par with what it used to be (waiter walked by us several times even after speaking to him with no response), the waitress who did wait on us was great. Contrary to the menu saying happy hour daily, sadly not on Sunday. 
Overall, still one of my favorites and I'll continue to come back. If they drop another star I'll have to rethink. 
Update 2:
Food was good but the service here is effing terrible. Waiter was nowhere to be found. Came to the table to bring food and bill. Never checked on us. Also, the other servers are amazingly good at not making eye contact when waiting on their tables. Water would have been great. 
I've been coming here since they opened, but I'm done. Prices are high, happy hour gone, and the service is shite. Too bad, this was a good thing.I have been a fan of this place since its first location opened in Slidell a few years ago. I consider myself an expert at Taco Tuesday here. I love the staff, the hosts, the servers, the tacos (the cooks do WORK), but damn, y'all! these bartenders (at least the ones who were there this past Tuesday) are the ABSOLUTE WORST. they are condescending and misogynistic and try to make up rules about what you can and can't order depending on your appearance. I've witnessed this happen on my last two visits. get rid of these guys, for real.Quick courtesy service. Food was good and fresh with a great price point for St Charles st.The sound of this place struck as me a drunk and hungry place...maybe because I was with a bunch of drunk and hungry people when I went. We didn't go on $1 taco Tuesday but most of got the tacos a la carte. I am a taco snob and I wasn't too impressed, though I may go back if I was with the same crowd.  I just feel like I've had better in this city and I would rather put in another extra dollar for $2 taco tuesday at Rum house. But I can see why they are popular. Definitively more friendly in terms of the cost compared to other Mexican places and I think the price reflects the food. I was surprised that it seemed like an actual restaurant (I thought it was just a bar) and someone seated us and handed us menus.This was my friend's and I first food stop for our New Orleans trip. We were not disappointed! Staff was very friendly, they were playing some great 90s music (this changes), and the food was delicious! We both liked it better than our go to place back home in Austin, TX.I absolutely love this place for taco tuesdays! They offer $1 tacos but unfortunately no drink specials. I've gone here with a few people and also with a big group and it's a great experience each time. They are very slow at seating so if you go on Tuesday be ready to wait up to an hour to get seated.Nathan is AMAZING! We had a growing group of people and he took care of everything, food, drinks you name it! We had the BEST time and wish we could take him home with us! He is an asset to any company, it was like he was with us from the time we get to NOLA! Food was great, drinks even better! You HAVE to go there and see Nathan, ask for the "top shelf Jessie!"As a Mexican it's hard to find a taco joint worth mentioning, alas I have found the one! 
Tacos and Beer is definitely one of the best places I've ever had tacos at. Not just because of the food but because of the hospitality and the ambiance. 
The first night we came in we made it in the nick of time to order food and get a beer. Mike from LA was behind the bar and recommended the Corona Familiar which was the right amount for my boyfriend and I to split. He then handed us a menu and I tell you what, ANY taco place that offers Tinga on their menu is a winner in my book! My boyfriend ended up ordering a barbacoa quesadilla which was very juicy and flavorful, it had just the right amount of spice to it. I ordered 4 tacos for myself, 2 carne asada tacos 1 barbacoa taco and 1 Tinga taco. The flavor of each taco was so exquisite, perfectly seasoned and marinated with just the right amount of flavor. The meat was not overlooked and was all consistent and it was quality meat. 
Needless to say that the taco experience the first night did not disappoint. 
The next day I was craving tacos and we decided to go back, yes two days in a row! When we got there Mike from LA who we learned is a manager there greeted us and remembered us from the day before. He was very attentive, engaging and over all an enjoyable person to spend an hour with. So this being the second night we naturally had to go big or go home. I ordered another Corona Familiar and instead of just 4 tacos we ordered the 12 taco deal! Yet again my taste buds were pleased by what had been placed in front of them. The taco order was the same from the previous night but we added a few suadero tacos which were juicy and tender, much to our liking. 
The overall ambiance there was nice and chill, not too crowded and not too empty, I wasn't expecting anything big, I mean it's a taco place in NOLA but it really exceeded our expectations. The decor itself too was super impressive and had a modern twist to and old school Latin tradition. 
Would I come back here? Heck yah I would. If only I didn't live so far, but I recommend it to anyone looking for a good taco, good service and good conversation.  Ask for Mike from LA and let him take care of you! Don't forget the Corona Familiar and at least 5 tacos de Tinga!One of the best taco spots I've ever been to. Don't know if it was because of the drinks at the bar upstairs (forget the name, but it's super popular, make their own tequila) or the food was just that great. Also had the chips and guacamole, it was awesome. 
Will definitely eat here more often next time in Cabo!Overall it was decent, but not great. The salsa was brought out in a very small bowl making it tough to even dip your chips. The shrimp taco was small too....there were less than 3 shrimp on it...but it was overstuffed with the red cabbage. The quest was good (it had a slight kick) and the chicken chipotle burrito was solid as well. Our server, however, didn't seem to be in the best mood.  I know...it happens...we all have bad days...  But why not just throw on a smile when your income is too-driven?  Either way, we won't hurry back, but wouldn't avoid it if we were in the area and craving Mexican food.Been to this place a few times, and the food has been pretty good, but the chips and salsa, I've had better for sure. Tried the maragarita twice...didn't like it, both times we moved to Superior Grill for the margaritas! 
The good - food is good, and the menu prices are fair. 
The bad -  it's loud..all the time! Even if the dinning room is near empty, the tv's are usually blaring! Which makes for very loud conversations! 
The ugly - slow service, and on all occasions we have had to flag down our server...they love to chat at the bar with other staff.Not a good experience. Atmosphere is fun but the long wait for food and drinks are ridiculous. I'll say visit if you have time to kill. Food is average at best.The manager and employees were SO INCREDIBLY RUDE !!!! Service was awful and they were SO DISRESPECTFUL!!!!! The food was cold and .... 2 words. Food poisoning!!!!! HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND. Too bad there isn't zero stars or less. This place is a negative 300. Good luck!!This is my favorite Mexican restaurant ever. I've been a regular for a few years now, their chips and queso are what bring me back. Their service, not so much. Their service is okay, and everything always seems to take awhile and they rotate through staff pretty often. I wouldn't say their servers are anything special or average, and they aren't rude; they just aren't as attentive as I'd like them to be. Their food is worth it, in my opinion.I was gifted a series of groupons for my birthday, including this establishment. When I told the woman who greeted us,she told me I might not be able to get tacos because it was taco Tuesday and that she had to ask the manager. Needless to say this rubbed me the wrong way as it was not mentioned on the groupon and I was here to try the tacos. The manager came over, asked if it was our first time there and told us to go nuts. The rocky start was more than made up for from there.
Highlights were the decent beer selection and the tacos (duh) most notably the shark tacos featured for shark week. I gotta say, the place is literally tacos and beer, so complaining about their cocktail prowess is kind of silly. Can't emphasize enough that so far on my groupon gift experience we usually get second class treatment and these guys really gave us a good experience. Will return.St. Charles street tasty tacos!  Casual eatery with authentic Mexican.  Get the Taco 12 pack and bucket beer...sit back snd watch the sun go down on the patio and street cars pass.  Recommend the Carnitas, Carne Asada and Barbacoa for the 12 pack.  Sangria is pretty good too.Husband and friend went here while we shopped for fabric.  They were both underwhelmed with the tacos and very glad they were only $1.00.Visited here on a Saturday afternoon around 1:30 and sat on the patio on a beautiful warm day. I ordered the Southwestern Salad with pollo shredded chicken, avocado, and cotija cheese and it was absolutely delicious and they gave me TONS of chicken! Everything on the salad looked at tasted super fresh (see picture!) and it was well-worth the $11 price. The patio was great and enjoyable. The waiter, although he was super nice and friendly, was a bit on the slow/disorganized side, he seemed to have a tough time multi tasking and be in a constant rush so it was hard to ask for more than one thing at a time (i.e. a to go box and the check took two separate visits and about 5-10 minutes). Still, I will definitely be back!Great soft tacos! Made the right way! Sometimes called "street tacos". I am from LA so I like a proper soft taco like we could get down town or out in Anaheim. Hard to find in Louisiana. 
Good pico and salsa. 
Good margarita, on the rocks with salt - perfect!
Bartender was easy going, friendly, quick and attentive. 
I will be back.When my burrito came out, my reaction was to laugh, "what am I supposed to do with this?" It was that big. Great stuff. Glad I conquered it.The food was REALLY good and being from California it's difficult for me to find enjoyable authentic Mexican food. I have to warn you that the menu is misleading. Our server failed to mention that the type of salad dressing (Southwest Vinaigrette) I ordered wasn't actually offered. She opted to  just bring me ranch instead which would have been fine had I ordered something remotely like ranch! What upset me the most is she brought it to me without telling me first, as if I wouldn't notice. I would have ordered something else had I known, but the salad was gorgeous so I took it to go and nibbled on the rest of the table's food. I very much enjoyed that they serve a small salad with sour cream with the entrees. The nachos are delicious and all of the meats offered are seasoned very well ESPECIALLY the chorizo. Other than the server fail, the place was lovely.The best Mexican I've had.....really awesome little  place for a midnight snack. Any kind of meat you want to fill your tortillas....guacomolle, salsa....Chelada...the best I've had!The drinks are great! Not much else
To say. The food is mediocre. But for a late night drink and something to snack on,  this is the spot!Yoga pants.  Ok now that that is out of the way,  the food here is good.  The name conjurs up drunk frat boys and woo girls but I didnt see that at all.  I did see a nice selection of beers.
The wait staff seemed a little stressed even though there wasnt a huge crowd.  They were not unattentive, just looked like they could of used another person to help.  If the outside porch was full of patrons, I imagine it would be a very long wait.
The portions are huge! I suggest splitting a entree and getting one app so you can avoid leaving with a food baby like I did.   The chili relleno was really good and thye actually used barbacoa that I asked for. It was the real deal.  I was enjoying it.  My better half had the chimi.  It was big and dense.  That is a splittable item.  My food wasnt :-)
The food once ordered came out quick and correct.
We will definitely hit this place up again.  Maybe when we are down the street at Avenue Pub and need some grubI can't really speak on any other day of the week, but on Tues, you can't beat $1 tacos. The carnitas is one of the best I've had around. I tried more than half of the tacos and all of them were on par with rum house and Felipe's. I'll be going back on Tues.Probably understaffed, waitress was extremely overwhelmed which I understand (as a server myself). Informing your guests that you may be slow due to whatever circumstance they were facing helps your guest understand instead of feeling as if we were unwelcome and a bother. Water never refilled, she took my plate while I was still eating, never asked how food was or if we wanted more drinks or anything at that. Was just handed the bill. I wouldn't recommend this place personally, but I'd give them another chance. Could of been a bad night.
By the way, it states that it's good for kids. But don't bring your kids here...I ordered the "Big Ass Burrito", the wife ordered the tacos of barbacoa, carnitas and al pastor.  Tacos were pretty good and reasonably priced, would get them again. The hot sauce was flavorful and a good addition to the tacos.  The Big Ass Ripoff, I mean burrito, was disappointing.  This is the perfect burrito to share with vegetarians because only a small section includes meat. I felt like Indiana Jones searching for lost "treasure."  Just an overpriced bean and rice burrito.I signed up to Yelp just to leave this review. This was quite possibly the worst service I have ever received and I eat out multiple times a week. I came for Tacos Tuesday so I was expecting them to be busy, so all things considered my expectations weren't high. I just wanted some cheap tacos and a drink. To give you a time frame we arrived around 7:45 and left at 10. We were seated by the hostess around 8:30. We waited over 15 mins for our waitress to greet us, she never came. She was busy split between upstairs and down stairs, so the waitress in the next section took over, only AFTER we flagged her down to ask about the hold up. 
We placed our entire order at this point drinks and food because it had already been 20 mins. Our drinks took an additional 20 mins, never got the water I asked for twice. At this point we were getting annoyed but Im trying to be patient. I was a server for 3 years in a very busy bar/restaurant so I GET IT! Fast forward about 20 more mins and we still hadn't received our tacos. (The table next to us who came about 20 mins after us was almost done eating at this point). We asked the hostess to speak to the manager, 10 mins later asked our waitress to get our check (at this point the tacos finally came, 1 taco short and ice cold). She never comes back to the table. Another 10 mins I asked another server to bring the manager. He NEVER came. At this point we were over it we left money for the drinks and chips we did receive left. I have never experienced such piss poor service.Great as usual. Been coming here for years. Sophia was a great server. I'll continue to come here when in town. Good was good and happy hour prices even better!I come from Dallas Texas were authentic Mexican tacos are in big demand and made to perfection. 
I find the chicken corn tacos here to be of equal quality.
 If the corn tortilla is undercooked it ruins the taco. If the chicken is bland and boiled it's a tasteless disaster.
I have come to enjoy the consistent delicious taco here served with the traditional cilantro and onion and a side lime. Complete with your choice of green or red salsa Verde. 
The only thing that fluctuates is the serv ice and the atmosphere. From rude waiters to cocky bartenders. You just never know what to expect. 
For the most part I generally make fast friends with the staff. This usually makes my repeat visits more streamlined and less awkward. However here with the high turnover of the staff it makes doing this next to impossible. 
Lately the music has been so loud I can't make out what the staff is saying to me while trying to make an order. My last attempt to order ended with me leaving without my delicious tacos. The bartender said something about eating at the bar but I had no idea what he said due to the loud but nice music. 
I ended up finding a great resteraunt across the street that was equally as delicious but had nothing to do with tacos!My family and visited this new restaurant a few days ago.  It has a nice patio over looking St Charles.  We ordered the tacos and beer platter for 19.99.   It was 12 tacos with several choices of meat to choose from.  They were great and reminded me of our favorite place from Portland OR.  We visited on wed. which meant half price pictures of beer.  They are small pictures and full of foam and only poured 3 foam filled glasses each.  We also ordered the nachos which were ok the only thing we didn't like was that the refried beans are only on the bottom of the plate, which means you have to dig through the nachos to get to the beans.  But they were tasty.  We also the guac. and chips.  The guacamole was good but the chips are a bit thick and hard.
     They have a taco Tuesday special of $1 tacos.  I'm diffidently going to go back for that and they say Monday margaritas which sounds tempting. 
     All in all the staff was friendly, the environment was nice and the food was good.Great service! I ordered a frozen strawberry margarita. The bartender mixed strawberry purée with an already pre made frozen margarita. My drink was not blended with the purée but stirred. It wasn't very enjoyable to drink. They should have blended the purée with the frozen drink. 
Anyway, the rice and beans were delicious. The ground beef hard tacos were tasty. 
The jalapeño poppers were good. The jalapeño popper itself was a half of a whole jalapeño. It was very spicy but delicious. Next time I'll order a beer.Service is always terrible. You have to chase down your server or ask another server to put in your order. Sometimes you have to tell your server your order twice before they put it in. Always check your bill, because they make mistakes. 
They serve street style tacos & they're amazing! The salsa is okay, nothing really special about it. I prefer the chips alone. A side order of fries are always bomb! Not too crispy, but not too soft. Just the way I like it! We've had the ceviche and it's hit or miss. Sometimes it's the bomb, but other times it wasn't worth it.
The brisket, steak, & fish tacos are my favorite! My boyfriend loves the beef tongue. The chicken & carnita are very dry. The chorizo is good, but not great. You can get full off of 2-3 tacos which is great! 
The atmosphere is always fun and the food is great! Besides the terrible service, it's a great place!Mexican cuisine is as complex as other ancient cuisines, such as those of China and Japan, with techniques and skills developed over thousands of years of history. Such as corn and chile peppers, native ingredients include tomatoes, squashes, avocados, cocoa and vanilla. So when you notice this ingredients It's no other than You're indeed in A Mexican Restaurant! Tacos in Beer has a very nice ambiance from inside to outside. The food is served hot with our very attentive server. the tacos, the nachos and the burrito! Paired with a beer and a pitcher of Margarita! oooh!! With their 1$ tacos on a tuesday will be one of the reason to visit! Happy Tummy Indeed! :)Nice location, very friendly staff, and great outdoor patio! 
I was a little disappointed with our food, but it was served in a timely manner and hot. The overall taste just wasn't what I was expecting! 
I had the shrimp tacos, the sauce was SO SPICY, and the shrimp were small. I only ate 1 1/2 out of the three that came with the meal. 
Other party order the tacos dorados, said they were enjoyable but wasn't what he thought they were going to be. 
Guacamole was spot on and very fresh!Came here tonight with my mentor just to grab a quick drink (and honestly because there was a wait at Blind Pelican).  The waitress asked for our drink order. My mentor ordered a margarita and I wanted a martini. The waitress said there wasn't a bartender until 5, did I want to wait. okay I decided to wait. When the bartender arrived I gave my order. Gin martini up with a twist. She didn't' know what that meant. I just told her what to tell the bartender. Then another waitress appeared and told us she had taken over for the other girl (who obviously didn't want to wait on us anymore!) She brought my drink, which was obviously not what i orders. i tried to flag her down and despite being not busy, she ignored me. I walked into the bar to tell them this was not what I ordered. I had now been there about 20 minutes and still did not have a drink! They made me a new drink and the bartender who made it was very nice and knowledgeable. All the while the waitresses giving me the death stare.   The bartender them came out and said she would now be "taking care of us" I guess because the 2nd waitress had dumped us. It was beyond unprofessional and annoying.  I waited tables and I learned how to make drink in such emergencies and I also didn't. Have been before, but honestly wont' be back. It was ridiculous. Don't have a bar, if you can't make a drink.I went last Thursday for a meeting in their upstairs room. It was extremely unbearably hot! 
The hard tacos are pretty delicious. 
I love their ground beef. The refried beans were tasty. 
I Wasn't too impressed with their margaritas. I had one on the rocks. 
For me a good margarita should taste great. It should still have a nice amount of tequila in it, but you can't tell how much tequila. These were tart and too sweet. 
I think their mix is pre made. 
The music downstairs was pretty nice. But it's too hot to sit outside right now.I would consider myself a regular local that dines here about 3 times a month. WARNING the place has changed in the past couple of months. The drinks were always great and the food was very tasty. New bar manager and low quality food now exists. I usually eat and drink at the bar YES EVEN ON TACO TUESDAY but things have changed and not for the better.  Now the drinks are served in styrofoam cups because the bar manager obviously doesn't think that people who pay $9 and up for a margarita deserve to drink it in a glass. I have been ordering the same drink here for the past year and now they tell me that they have never made that drink before and it will now cost me an extra $5 if I want it, making an already expensive drink now $19. REALLY? Don't order your drink and food at the same time, your food will most likely come out before your drink. Also, if you and another diner order the same thing but at different times then two totally different tasting food items come out of the kitchen. How about some consistency? Change is always welcome but not if it's in the wrong direction.I gave it only 2 stars because of the service. The food was very large portioned and great for the price. The decor was like little Mexico in NOLA and there was a beautiful hanging piece over the fireplace. Over all fun ambience. We had a larger group of about 9 or 10 people 2 weeks ago. There was no one else in the restaurant when we were seated and our first question was whether we could have separate checks. Stephanie, our very disconnected waitress, said no. (I can never understand why this is a problem for some restaurants to do especially when not a soul was in the restaurant) But we chose to stay anyway. I had a groupon and asked if there was any way I could use it on me and my date's portion of the bill at the end and she said it would need to be subtracted from the total bill. At that point, I politely asked for a manager and she said he was on break. I asked when does he return and she said he was gone for the night. This was a lie, why tell me is on break if he really is gone for the night? I stayed only because there were so many of us to relocate, so we placed our orders. She completely skipped 2 people in our group. We had to call her back and she didn't even apologize for skipping them. Some of our waters never came and/or weren't filled. As I said, it was not busy at all. I decided to order drinks from the bar for quicker service, although the lady behind the bar was much more pleasant to deal with than Stephanie (it's called a smile), she did not know how much money to give back to me. This was very surprising. The overall wait staff seemed lacking of basic math skills and Stephanie was lacking in politeness as well. When it came time for the bill, Stephanie told us she needed to split it evenly between all of us. I am guessing she is either lazy or uneducated. I really think, after the experience at the bar, that she is uneducated. Please get your staff some math lessons and maybe some congeniality classes as well. And for a place called Tacos and Beet, please add more beers to your menu. This place has big potential with the good food, great locations and beautiful decor and ambience.I'm so happy I stopped in here.  I've found on this trip that your options are a bit limited in Nola if you're a vegetarian.  But along with the many options of meat that some of my friends would die for, they offer Portobello mushrooms for every dish that has meat.  I had the Fish Tacos (sub Portobello) and they were amazing!  Their house made hot sauce is full of flavor and delicious.  I also had the Muchelda (Bloody Mary with beer). Yum!  
The service was outstanding.  Very friendly, accommodating, and helpful when ordering. 
I'd definitely come back!I am a huge fan of burritos and after seeing pictures of the "Big Ass Burrito", I knew that I had to make my way over here, at some point, and try it out for myself.
We were here on a Saturday evening, the crowd was thin and we were seated immediately. We decided to start out with some chips and queso- our favorite. I really liked their version and the queso had good flavor. I decided to get the "Big Ass Burrito" with pork and while it did live up to the name (it was huge and overwhelmed the plate), it was lacking something for me. I took a few bites and enjoyed it well enough, but I ended up boxing the rest and taking it home. After diving into it later, I realized the ingredients weren't evenly dispersed. There were big pockets and cheese and meat no where near each other. It was strange. I also got a frozen margarita which was okay, but clearly from a mix (it was neon green) and lacked the "limey/salt" flavor that I like in margaritas. It was closer to a margarita daiquiri.
Tacos and Beer is a good alternative to Taco Bell, but if you are looking for a really good burrito/margarita experience, for cheap, I would recommend Felipe's.I love tacos and beer. A go to restaurant for my friends and me. Some of the best Mexican food I have had.Food is great but the Micheladas are god-awful... I am mexican so I would know. Aside from that, the overall experience was great. 
Still looking for a place that knows how to make a michelada however...
Took us about 45 minutes to get our food. :/Great Mexican, great service. Spent years in Texas, just as good! My wife had the quesodillas, I had the huevos  ranceheros. A local recommended it, otherwise might not have stopped by.Been here a few times. Nothing you can't make at your house. Cool concept but poor foodWe had the enchilada of beef tongue and barbacoa. It was good, but  not killer. Michelada was also good but not killer. Service was not great.Went there when it first opened and really loved the decor, food and service. The owner came out, introduced himself and asked how we liked everything. Thought that was pretty cool. 
Been back several times at various times on various days and every time is great. Can't beat Taco Tuesday, $1 tacos that are awesome and the selection is amazing. 
My wife and I have a great time every time we go. We absolutely love the place.Food is good and service has gotten MUCH better! Great atmosphere and chill vibe spot.The food was good but the service was terrible. It took 20 minutes I get anything. The chips are 2.50 for a tiny portion with no refills. With all the choices in NOLA, I would go somewhere else.The taco tuesdays here are worth it! $1 tacos all day. The carne asada is by far my favorite on the dollar tacos. If you wanna spend a little extra or wait for the daily happy hour, definitely try the fried fish tacos! They are my favorite ones there. Crunchy and a little kick on that sauce! I do have to say that the service here is not the best. They always take forever with drinks and they are not the best around. Margaritas could be so much better, especially at a taco place. We got our bill without even being asked if we wanted anything else. We didn't get the glass for the beer we ordered and had to get up to the bar to get it ourselves.Y'all, this place is legit. And this is coming from an Austinite-where tacos are life. Our waitress Shelby was upbeat and gave great recommendations for a quick bite prior to heading back to the Lone Star State. We had the a la carte crunchy shell taco with ground beef and the shredded chipotle chicken in addition to the shrimp tacos. We were shocked at how AMAZING the tacos were. I mean, you never hear about the taco scene in NOLA but seriously this is a must try. The cheese dip was on point and the house margaritas were smooth and refreshing. Thank you Shelby for the water to-go for our trip back and thank you for the friendly greeting, the great recommendations, and a perfect goodbye to New Orleans!!A friend and I tried this place last week and while I thoroughly enjoy both tacos and beer, I will be finding them elsewhere going forward. 
I arrived on a Tuesday night around 8pm. I was meeting my friend here and didn't see her. I wanted a table on the patio but none were available. I told the hostess I would wait at the bar until a table opened up and she nodded in agreement. Once my friend arrived we decided to have a drink at the bar while we waited to be sat. I noticed they had 5 beers on draft and decided on a Canebrake. I was told by the bartender he "hoped there's some available." Luckily for me, there was. My friend looked at the drink menu and settled on a mojito. Unfortunately for her, that was unavailable. She requested a margarita instead and we closed out our bar tabs.
After about 20 minutes I noticed several patio tables were cleared and asked the hostess if we could sit down. She nodded once again. I assumed a server would deliver menues, but after about 10 minutes no one ever came. I got up again to tell the hostess we would like menus and a server so we could place our order. She apologized for the confusion and said someone would be with us soon. 
The menu consists of a variety of Mexican/Latin entrees. Tacos (of course), burritos, enchiladas, nachos, fajitas... It also had several appetizers and burgers. My friend and I opted for the DUI fries for an app. I ordered a quesadilla a la carte and my friend got a chimichanga. The food came out really fast. She brought both our entrees first. I inquired about our appetizer and she looked confused. She headed back to the kitchen and a minute later came out with it. She apologized. 
The food was tasty enough. I'm regretting not getting the tacos. My pork quesadilla was stuffed with plenty of meat and melty cheese. I was unimpressed with the fries. They lacked flavor and were soggy after  laying on top of the refried beans. My friend enjoyed her chimichanga. It came with pinto beans and rice which she seemed to enjoy. 
With more efficiency and attention to customers, this place could be a new hotspot. It's inexpensive and in a great location. However, there was nothing outstanding about my experience, and with so many delicious places to eat in New Orleans, I most likely won't be returning to Tacos and Beer.It was a great experience. Not to mention dog friendly which is my favorite part. My server Mattie was super friendly and even thought to bring my dog water as well. The only reason for 4 stars was the food was not great.Chimichonga was great,  burrito was great.  Service was ok (just basically served our food). Overall food and price was great.  Location great as well!Today, the service was great and there's no beating $1 tacos and cold beer.Went here on a Saturday afternoon--it wasn't super busy, just a few tables. After a few minutes of waiting by the bar we found a waitress who, not so kindly, told us to sit down anywhere. We grabbed a bar top table, and although the waitress was around at the other tables, she completely ignored us. After about 15 minutes I finally went to the bar and asked for a menu and a new server came out. This waiter was very nice and took care of us, but overall service was very slow. We enjoyed the food but, based on the poor service, we won't be back any time soon.Worst experience ever! Went for taco Tuesday and never got to eat a taco. Start: sat down and wasn't addressed by a server for over 15mins. Reason being, the server was working upstairs and downstairs. We were finally able to place our order for drinks.. Got those literally 20mins later. Now to the food.. . Placed a simple order for a few fish tacos between the two of us. We never got the tacos. I had finished my drink and said fuck it give me the check. I'll eat at home. The check took 15mins.... And never came. While waiting on check guess what came????? Our 3( which were ordered as 4) tacos... And they were cold!! So we asked to see a manager.... Guess what??? Just like the check... He never came! So again waiting on the check to come... And now the manager for another 20mins! It never came and neither did he so we scrapped up some cash to pay for our drinks and appetizer then left. Worst service ever! All I wanted were tacos on taco Tuesday!!I've traveled to Cancun Mexico, Mexico City, San Francisco etc. and never would I have imagined that the BEST shrimp cocktail I'd have in my life would be in New Orleans! Visited for the Voodoo fest with my bestie, and after being tired of eating nothing but fried food, we were searching for other options, when we stumbled into this place on St Charles Ave when passing by it from the tour bus. Best decision made to get off the bus to eat here! The food is amazing and the sopes and shrimp cocktail stole my heart. The bartender and staff were so friendly and accommodating, that we literally came back the next day. Any shrimp cocktail that I've had afterwards has not even come close to the one I had here. I can't wait to visit NOLA again, and Tacos And Beer will be my first stop for food! Seriously try it, it's amazing and you get around 7 huge shrimps for a decent price, not a rip off like most seafood places.Place has amazing and authentic food. I thought it was gonna be some TeX mex crap but when I tried the black bean soup I knew I was in for some authentic Mexican food. Amazing tacos and great margaritas. Only issue was the guacamole. Not very good but the prices can't be beat either. I've told everyone here in Chicago about coming here and I will be back many times to new Orleans. This is on my list every time.1 stars for the tacos, that were very dry. I had to overload them with hot sauce to get some moisture going.  1 star for the cup of juice I was served trying to pass it off as a long island Ice Tea!Food great!!!!  Service on the other hand was extremely slow just because our waitress was out front making out with her boyfriend.  We had a family of 4 with our 3 year old daughter who was less than pleased with service and we were just trying to have a family night out.  We found someone else to run our bill, walked out and our waitress was occupied on front deck with boyfriend. Get a room and stop trying to serve people.Let me start by saying I work in the hospitality industry, and have for many years. I don't take leaving bad reviews lightly, but this absolute train wreck of a place needs to be called out. This is the SECOND shitty experience I've had there, the first I didn't even leave a review about, but I should have, since the waitress decided she was going to adjust the tip I left her, since she wasn't happy with it, as I wasn't happy with her service. 
Fast forward to today, we went for "Taco Tuesday" $1 tacos, drink specials.......can't beat it!! There was a small wait, with at least 5 open tables in the restaurant, but that's a different story too. We walked up to the bar, and ordered "two margaritas please." He asked "Frozen or on the rocks and salt or no salt?" He then proceeded to make the drinks with well liquor, which was fine.....
Then the bill came....$26.40
Wait, what?! It's Taco Tuesday first of all, secondly it's happy hour, and not one time did you ask if we wanted $13 top shelf margaritas, but that withstanding it was made with well spirits. No Cointreau, no Grand Marnier, no nothing....straight well. 
In closing, I suggest you watch your wallets going there, as it seams everyone that works there is a hustlin' ass snake, that will take advantage at any corner. 
The cold $1 tacos aren't even worth the experience. I'll never step foot in there again, and I highly recommend you don't either.Nice and quiet here. You have the option to sit outside on the patio or inside. Inside seems a little close together. Can't beat taco Tuesdays for $1!Omgosh. The bean soup is AMAZING. My old man ordered like three bowls of it it was so good. We mixed in that Valentina Sala and it totally made it waaayyyy better... But the other food was slightly average for NOLA. I ordered two shredded beef tacos and it was good enough to conte toy satisfy my hunger. 
The beer kept coming and the service was very friendly. It was a little hard to hear sometimes, but that depends on the crowd size...
Give this place a shot!The name is hilariously obvious and to the point, but Tacos and Beer does deliver. They actually have a very authentic Mexican menu in which you can get your chorizo and mole if you want it (and even more exotic meats) but you can also remain in the Gringo safety zone with Tex-Mex favorites if that's more your style. The food is fresh and well cooked if a bit on the pricey end for taqueria type food. Portions are generous and you won't go home hungry. Tacos and Beer maintains a clean, comfortable environment and servers are friendly and attentive. This place is a good bet if you're looking for a break from Bourbon Street!Had a groupon for this place so decided to try it. I had the shrimp chimichanga which I was rate just ok. There was a live singer which was nice. I probably won't go back.I enjoyed my food here- there wasn't much choice in the menu at all for a vegan but I was I was able to order the vegetarian burrito without cheese which was a decent sized portion and very tasty. 
It was quiet at lunch time with only my friend and I sat outside in the lovely decking area overlooking St Charles Ave and one large table inside, and he served was very attentive with refills and we were served quite quickly. I would come back if I was in the area and fancied Mexican food. I'm sure it would be a great place for drinks and food especially if you're not a vegan or vegetarian.We sat down and were immediately asked what we wanted to drink, though we hadn't been given any menus. When I asked for menus, she gave us food menus and not drink menus. For a place with "Beer" in its name it offered one domestic draft: Bud Light, not even a local brew. We were three people, and we ordered 2 tacos each. (The food is much more expensive than you'd expect from a typical Mexican place) It was 2pm so there weren't many people there. We had to wait 55 minutes for our food to come. I know exactly because our meter was running out and we were just about to walk out.  There were no explanations or apologies during our wait. When the food finally came, they got one taco wrong. And we had to ask for napkins, and then silverware - twice! The tacos were tiny - for taking 55 minutes to make, and extremely salty. The waitress then apologized about the wait, explained that cooks didn't show and they were short wait staff. The waitress then told us that she was the manager - Stephanie. Funny because in an earlier review a waitress named Stephanie said the manager wasn't there. Hmm. We had $20 to spend on a Groupon, but we didn't even spend that - decided to just cut our losses.Had tacos de lengua, asada, and suadero. Amazing! Great service. Had a michelada to end the meal. Bomb!Really delicious queso here! So yummy! This is a great place to go when there isn't much of a crowd.  When it is busy the crowd here is pretty terrible but when it's slow it's such a different experience. Plus there are certain days they have specials on beers.OK, I'm torn with this place I work down the street and try to go there for lunch because they are pretty knowledgeable about vegetarian stipulations, ie their beans are made with lard and before I needed to asked they let me know that the beans would be a no go as they are made with lard. So five stars for that! And while I haven't had anyone be too rude to me there the service  can tend to be a little slow, and frazzled if they are even a little busy. Their food is really great the queso super tasty not straight from a can like other places. I suggest you go when you have time to relax and don't have anywhere to be fast. I cannot wait to go when I'm not on the clock and get a fabulous looking huge margarita.Was excited to hear about $1 taco night only a few blocks from my place. Started going and getting nothing but salsa and chips and no more than 3 tacos. Cheap dinner. Tacos were decent for just a buck and you have a good variety to choose from. The brisket is by far the best of the choices though. Never bought a drink. 
Came in around Mardi Gras and was appalled by the menu prices and got scolded by the bartender for looking at the beers that were in the cooler in front of the bar. So we left.
Continued to go every Tuesday as the weather was nice, the outdoor seating was appealing. The food was the same. The service was okay but we have never had the same server twice. 
Came for drinks one Saturday afternoon and tacos. Definitely not worth spending all that money on those tacos. I'll stick with $1 night. 
Came tonight and had our worst experience yet. While our server was attentive, when it came down to ordering drinks and getting our drinks, we were underwhelmed. Because we weren't asked which type of tequila we wanted in our margarita, but we knew they typically ask that, my boyfriend went up to the bartender to tell him which type of tequila he wanted. The bartender was not interested, told him he already poured the tequila for a large Cadillac even though he ordered a medium. So, it wasn't even his drink. He finally did make the drink out of haste because our server told him to and then she disappeared for a good 10 minutes. 
At that point there we hadn't even ordered our tacos and it was already 40 min into our trip there. When our server finally came back, we politely told her that we had to get going. She was understanding (note: she did her job well) but I'm sorry that their bartender is rude. We will go back to eat $1 tacos but we will be going back to waters.First of all, I have come to Tacos & Beer multiple times. It's a decent happy hour with decent tacos & other Tex mex food. I've been given almost 12 free margaritas over a simple food complaint in the past....which is fine, shit happens and you correct it. However, this particular time, we went on a Thursday evening around 5pm. We informed the waitress we have a Groupon for $20, but we understand Happy Hour items are not included so we requested two checks: one with happy hour items and one with all of the non-happy Hour items. We received good service from our waitress and the food was good. When it came time to pay the bill, the manager/bartender named HILTON (whoever he was pretending to be at the time) refused to honor the Groupon after we made sure to conform with the staff that we could use it. He wouldn't even come to the table to talk to us and brushed off my partner when she went to the bar to
Dispute the decision. We are both service industry, and we know how it can be, but the manager HILTON was highly unprofessional and disrespectful. Never going there again. They have officially lost some local business.On the parade route so you can grab a drink between floats. The food is not good though. Stick to nachosHad 3 tacos for a $1 each and they were okay. The tortillas were kind of bland but the service was pretty good.Great staff! The food is ok, if you are looking for authentic Mexican food then skip it, BUT if you are looking for southwest or TexMex then sure, it'll work. Nothing wrong with the place, great selection of beers, place was clean. Flavor...,., well that's why it gets 3 starsGreat as usual. Been coming here for years. Sophia was a great server. I'll continue to come here when in town. Good was good and happy hour prices even better!
Update:
  Ive been coming here for years. Service definitely isn't up to par with what it used to be (waiter walked by us several times even after speaking to him with no response), the waitress who did wait on us was great. Contrary to the menu saying happy hour daily, sadly not on Sunday. 
Overall, still one of my favorites and I'll continue to come back. If they drop another star I'll have to rethink. 
Update 2:
Food was good but the service here is effing terrible. Waiter was nowhere to be found. Came to the table to bring food and bill. Never checked on us. Also, the other servers are amazingly good at not making eye contact when waiting on their tables. Water would have been great. 
I've been coming here since they opened, but I'm done. Prices are high, happy hour gone, and the service is shite. Too bad, this was a good thing.Good stuff. Mexican style tacos with a good selection of meats. So corn tortillas with al pastor, lengua etc. served with simple onions and cilantro - one of the few places in Orleans Parish that does this. Also tried the torta which was very good. A surprising hit was the free sample of the their bean soup at the beginning of the meal - excellent. Good selection of cheap Mexican beer - they do a large 30oz size for $7 which seems like a good deal to me. Overall I liked it and will return - particularly for their specials nights - Tuesday is $1 tacos and Wednesday gets you half price pitchers of beer ($7).Service was fast and so was the food. If you like tacos and beer and don't want to wait to be seated in the surrounding business I would recommend stopping here.They make the most amazing drinks here. Must order drinks Michelada and Paloma from bartender Chris. Definitely worth the stop. Really nice people here. Tacos look amazing!Went there for the $1 taco night.  The tacos were...worth $1.  They were fine, just small and no-nonsense.  I also got a margarita that was $9 and strong as hell.  I blame it for all my actions the next week.Tonight we wanted quick Mexican, so we decided to try Tacos and Beer.
We had the grilled shrimp tacos, and the battered Fish tacos, and they were both very good. I found them to be heavy on cabbage, light on shrimp and fish!
There was also an up charge for chips and salsa. We had the house margaritas during the happy hour special. They were very tasty, but were served in small plastic cups.
The Saint Charles Street restaurant was on the small side, with a typical New Orleans funky vibe.  
We felt it was a good place for a quick, light meal in a neat NO restaurant.We went to tacos and beer based on a recommendation and were really unimpressed. The "homemade" margaritas were not homemade and were way too sweet. The tacos were small,  the brisket was cubed and dry. The cheese was plastic. The only good thing was the guacamole.We in on vacation and saw there specials, beyond the great deals and absolutely terrific food, wonderful people who went out of their way to show us how New Orleans people should be. What a great place!!!
Those tacos are to die for and the unbelievable kindness by the manager and staff was remarkable,  thank you.Seems pretty out of place to be on St. Charles. Pretty mediocre tacos, salsa tasted like marinara, house margarita was terrible, but on the upside, the beer-rita thing was pretty good.I went into Tacos and Beer yesterday at 3:30pm after the Saints game and asked for a table for two. I was told by the server that I could be seated but he'd rather not because they closed at 4 pm. Really?!?  I live around the corner and have ordered to go food there a number of times.  I also work in Slidell and have gone to that location a number of times. I have never been treated like this in the past and was really disappointed.  I wound up going a few blocks over to Juan's Flying Burrito and had no problems. I guess they must be doing great business to turn away customers.  I will keep this in mind when I've got my mind on some Mexican food. Certainly are a lot of choices out there these days too so this shouldn't be a problem avoiding this establishment.SKIP IT!!!!! This place needs to reevaluate. Who doesn't love tacos & beer? That's where they get you. After touring the Garden district we stopped in because it all sounded pretty good. $1 tacos on Tuesdays didn't seem like a bad idea. But  I would much rather have paid more for more filling tacos, flavor and hot food. The only good thing we're the cold beers and the hot sauce. Our server Jacob seemed less then trilled to be there or even take care of us.Completely forgettable. Inoffensive. The pork on my Southwest Salad was fine but the Cisco ranch dressing was a WTH moment. 
The service was fine. The beer was cold. However in a town covered in remarkable places to eat I cannot foresee any reason to ever visit this one again.Good food bad service. Happy hour during the week is always a good decision!! Taco Tuesday is always packed. The downside of this place is the service is bad every time I go. Last time I had to go to the bar and ask for a waiter to come to our table. But the food and margaritas never disappoint.$1.00 taco Tuesday is great. Although seems to be unorganized. Took 10 minutes before someone took our drink order.  A lot of confusionBurnt nachos, super greasy tortilla chips, terrible house margaritas, Really over priced for a really lousy placeAwesome margaritas, definitely get the pitcher. Great deals on Tuesday with dollar tacos. It can be pretty crowded but all around one of the better cheap Mexican restaurants in town.I know tacos. That being said, this place could be a winner. If the service staff wasn't picked last at kickball in grade school. I've attempted to go here several times for their taco Tuesday special. However, the only thing Special I find @ tacos & beers, is the bar & service staff. Tacos actually taste good, if the staff decides to serve you. 
Yesterday I went with 2 friends. We let the staff know we would like to sit outside, with acknowledgement from the staff. There was only 1 table in use at the time on the patio. The restaurant was slow so it seemed. In the 15 minute we waited, 2 servers both made several passes by our table, never offering any service or even menus. I only know the time because we were using a parking app. Both servers actually made eye contact with me, but never initiated actual service???
I know weird right? 
No, it's become the normal situation the past 3-5 times I've attempted to visit.
Service staff = sad about life choices
Taco quality = not sure, can't get the wait staff to do their job, which requires greeting the customer & taking their order.
Cause you took the job... service industryWent in for a early dinner around 4:30 only people in place thought awesome!!  Service was great food stone cold ice, everything was ice cold even the bean soup, the rice, the refried beans,the meat even the taco it self was cold to the touch!!  I ate it told the server after just let the kitchen know everything was cold and that some people like there food hot!! We didn't take our bad food out on her it wasn't her fault we tipped her nice, just won't be going back any time soon!!If you like being rushed.....pushed out the door with a thank you and come again attitude, this place is it. Not on my list of culinary tacos, but once you've had a few drinks you will not notice that they are just tasteless tacos. The wait staff are the type that just want you to pay and leave, no questions asked. I ordered the top shelf margarita, considering I was told I could not order a regular unless it was frozen (doesn't make sense, but I was not going to argue) and to my dismay I could only taste orange and sour mix. Must have been a shortage of tequila at the bar, anyways it states tacos and beer so just go for the beer.  Yeah I'll be back, it is what it is! If you want a quick bite and a beer hit this place up.One star because zero isn't an option. The food is terrible. No flavor and bland. RUM HOUSE IS MUCH BETTER. THE DRINK SPECIAL ARE WATERY AT BEST. the cheese dip is plain. The chips were old and to thick with no salt or freshness in sight. 
Hands down the WORSE LATIN restaurant in the city.So we did a few appetizers and drinks on my last time at this restaurant and flavor wise, everything was ok.  The service, however, really made sure that I will likely not go back here again.  First, after a long time after being handed our menus, I had to go inside (we were on the patio) and ask for a server to please come and take our order.  When we finally got our first round of drinks and apps, we waited with empty glasses for a long time til I had to go in and ask for more drinks and then again when I found myself with an empty glass a bit later.  Finally when we were ready to go, we had to go in and ask for our bill, and then lastly when they did bring us our bill, we had to go back up to them to ask them to run the credit card.  It really looked as if everyone that worked there was just having their own thing going on up at that bar because that's where they were mostly congregated and chatting each other up.  One time being ignored is ok but to have the whole experience go that way was pretty poor.This place was so good!  Huge Chimichanga that they call the Chimi-Chingon.  I don't eat meat and they were able to just add more beans and rice to it and it was phenomenal.  Really good frozen margaritas (better than Juan's imo), and the cheese dip and salsa were really good too! We came on a Monday night and they had a two-piece band playing out front that were really good. I highly recommend this place.We tried 3 street tacos:  carne asada, Barbados and Lengua.  We're from Phoenix and know good Lengua.  This was the best we've had...   The other two were equally good.  Overshadowed by the more famous Blind Pelican that is located right next door.  Right on St. Charles and the street car.  Definitely try it!Princess Picky Pants rant below. Please consume with grains of salt.
It took everything in me to give this place more than 1 star. Let's start with a little background: my sole bête noire in life is SHREDDED PROTEIN! God gave us these tasty animals to consume. WHY would anyone for the LOVE OF GOD shred their delicious and perfect meat?!?!! Anyway...... they only offer shredded chicken options, more shredded precious delectable meat (RIP), and steak, pork, and sausage from what I remember. I decided to just try the steak. The steak was nearly inedible, kind of a dog food-y smell. The chicken breast a friend ordered was shredded but also flavorless.
However, the other ingredients were pretty good- tortillas, queso, beans, etc.
TLDR: serves shredded chicken that's gross, but overall it is not bad and has a cool location.
*mic drop*This is a small local chain and they have other locations on the North Shore plus a Mexican restaurant in Metry.  Food was ok but nothing special really and just your standard Mexican fare more on the bland side.  Tacos are of the small variety and for the price I would MUCH rather go to  Taqueria Guerrero on average.  They do have $1 taco night on Tuesdays so I might go back and try more things then.  The server I had was really cool and asked if we had a Groupon and then let me use my phone to quickly buy the Groupon and use it for the meal.  This is a prime spot for Carnival parades so I imagine it will be busy for the season.Taco bout cheap tacos! This is nacho average Mexican restaurant. $1 tacos on Tuesdays, but they're small so you'll probably want 6-10. And beer is always a plusFood was pretty good and a decent selection of menu items. Service made this particular visit a negative one. Waitress wasn't available, seen playing in her phone, messed up drink orders and mixed up our two credit cards. The guitarist was a nice touch!This place has some amazing tacos! The atmosphere is very laid back and fun and they have an awesome dining area on the patio outside. I came in with a friend for lunch and the service was a little slow and disorganized, but our waiter was super nice. I ordered three tacos: grilled fish, carne asada, and tinga chicken. All three were exceptionally delicious and each had its own unique flavor. The fish taco was probably the best I've had, the carne asada was seasoned perfectly, and the tinga chicken definitely packed a punch (I love spicy food, but could not handle the initial bite of this one for some reason..after the first bite, it was enjoyable). The chicken and carne asada tacos were a little greasy though. I also ordered some horchata which was extremely refreshing and yummy! All of that was just about $11 -12 which is a great deal! I would highly recommend.Came here for the famed taco Tuesday and proceeded to be ignored by the wait staff for 20 minutes before they got around to taking our order. Then we waited around for another half an hour before our order never came so we just took the check for our drink and went elsewhere. Never come here when its busy or on a taco Tuesday night, the service here is atrocious.We would come here all the time.
Then the service started sucking. 
Tonight, at 10 pm, they put the chairs on  the tables and close the kitchen and just stop checking in on us. We could have left without paying our checks, that's how much time had passed before someone came to our table. Too bad. We will find a new place.The cheese dip and nachos at this place was enough to make a couple of girls happy. The margaritas made us even happier, but the female waiter made us the happiest. If it weren't for her, I would probably give this place a 3-star. Its the typical Mexican restaurant, but the hostess made it such a great experience!Your typical average Mexican restaurant. Is there better options in NOLA? You bet. But, I like that Tacos And Beer has television showing sports games and their outdoor seating is a nice touch. 
One item that stood out here was their fried quesadillas. These were very tasty and unique, as I've never seen these at any other Mexican restaurant. Everything else, from tacos to chips and guac, is disappointing. The size of the guacamole is a joke and a waste of money. The rice and beans taste very processed. 
They don't card here, so that's a plus! 
Might return for the Big A** Burrito, had a bite of my buddy's and it was actually damn good.We have visited this location multiple times, and have always had excellent food paired with okay service.
As far as food, we have ordered the nachos with chorizo, quesadilla with brisket and quesadilla with steak, the seafood soup, the enchiladas platter, and the tacos. All of the food has been excellent, well seasoned meat and very large portions. Some guests may be upset about the size of the tacos, but these are authentic Mexican tacos, not the jumbo tortillas you get at most inauthentic TexMex restaurants.
We have sat both indoors and outside and have received the same level of service at both. Waitresses seem to take a bit of time to notice new tables and to take orders, but once the order is in the food comes up quite quickly. 
The mixed drinks are weak, and the bartender seems to enjoy making topshelf drinks of mixing well drinks. I ordered a vodka pineapple and was told they only have Ciroc or Absolut at $8 a shot. I asked for well vodka and was told they were out of well vodka. On another occasion I attempted to order a drink with well rum and was told the same thing. The two drinks I have ordered from them have been Ciroc-based, and the drinks came out so weak that they tasted solely like juice. I don't like my drinks very strong, but these tasted like the bartender forgot the alcohol. Since then I have stuck to water or beer, because the mixed drinks are just not worth it.
Overall, the music is a little too loud, especially during the daytime, but the place is clean, the food is great, and the service is typical.
Better drinks and slightly more attentive servers would greatly improve the overall quality of the restaurant.I love Tacos & Beer.  Their burritos, tacos, and taco salads are really good.  I also love their Tres Leche cake, which is not on the menu.  The pitchers of beer are a great deal, and they just keep on increasing the variety of beers they sell.  Great little place and totally worth a visit.Good beer selection. Nachos were good and plenty for two. Nice staff and jump off/on st Charles trolley.I came here before heading to meet some people and had their Ceviche Tostada and Guacamole. The Ceviche Tostada doesn't come on a tostada but rather on a little ceramic bowl topped with avocados and chips. The ceviche is actually really good and surprised it was this good. The guacamole on the other hand was ok. It wasn't like your typical fresh guacamole it was more like store bought but still good.I was surprised by the food, so far one of the places I've liked the most in New Orleans. Me and my friends received great service and the food was on point! I recommend trying the seafood soup on the picture as it was delicious!Service was good. Happy hour prices were great. Draft 3 dollars. Tacos a dollar fish taco two dollars.  All was really good. The only bad thing. Grimy around the edges.  I would return for happy hour.How can you not give 5 stars to a place with $1 steak street tacos and $3 frozen margaritas at happy hour? The tacos were good and so were the margaritas! The service was great. I will be back for sure!Pretty decent Mexican food, quality meat and good drinks list. The rice and beans could use some work but it's not the worst thing I've ever eaten. Service was greatBest Mexican Ever. We need one in Memphis. There is a vegan and vegetarian option for a few menu items. Everything we tried was delicious, and huge. Prices very reasonable. The staff was amazing, went above and beyond to make our experience great. They were quick, and super friendly.The service was a little terrible, but only because the waitress was so spacey. BUT, the food was great! DUI cheese fries with barbacoa, and a chimichanga with tinga chicken. I would def come back!To end our lazy weekend in, we decide to have a lazy dinner out by eating at a place that was recommended by a good friend of mine. She has great taste so I was excited about trying this place and I'm so glad we did! 
Located conveniently on St Charles Ave is Tacos and Beer, a relaxed atmosphere with several TVs around, an open bar, with both in and outdoor seating. It is the perfect place to take a load off and relax in the afternoon/night. Being on St Charles Ave though, finding parking may be tricky unless you are okay with parking down a side street and walking a bit. We were lucky enough to get a park right in front. 
Sitting inside or outside, you choose your seat and not too much later, a waiter will come up and offer you menus. The menu is pretty big in terms of what to eat and what to drink. I decided on the Big Ass Burrito with Chorizo as my chosen meat(there are over 10 meats to choose from) with the Chambord Swirl as a drink. Both came out pretty quick to our surprise as the place was somewhat busy.
Firstly, the drink. The Chambord Swirl was much more alcoholic than I had anticipated. Now this isn't necessarily a bad thing but I was unaware of how much alcohol was actually in it. One drink and my head already started to feel the effects. A lot of alcohol or I'm a light weight? You decide but it may have been good to get a bit of a warning on the alcoholic content. Either way, it was delicious and for a small sizing, it was a great amount!
Onto the food next. Oh my god. So the name is the Big Ass Burrito so I expected it to be big but holy moly, this thing was HUGE. Longer than a foot and at least five fingers wide(average adult male fingers). I didn't actually finish it but it'll be lunch later. Any who, it tasted great. With a mix of rice, chorizo, guacamole, tomatoes, and other goodness wrapped up in a hot tortilla, it was a great mix of Mexican. 
Overall, I spent about $20 and it was totally worth it. Great place, great service, and fantastic food and drinks. Very much so recommended!This was a huge hit. I could have had twelve flautas, they were so good! We sat outside and enjoyed delicious food, a pitcher of beer for $10 and a big margarita. 
When I ordered sliced avocados for my little one and said 'oh they're her favorite' the waitress brought back what had to be a full avocado slices up. That was above and beyond and very appreciated!! The three staff members we interacted with were all great and super friendly.
Bottom line, go. It's really good.
UPDATE: I actually brought this place up in conversation the other day (5 months later) and was sad I was back in Maryland instead of sitting on their deck. Go. Have a taco for me.Don't let the bad reviews get ya down. At the end of the day the food is delicious! 
Huge portions, authentic, relaxed atmosphere, and a great place to watch the game. 
Sure the waiting staff kinda sucks. (Hem hem That's what tips are for) Hell I'm sitting here right now and there isn't one is sight. Not even behind the bar! Whatever. I see it as an invitation to get free drinks. 
Just don't come here in a hurry to be waited on hand and foot. Or even well for that matter. You will leave full and drunk and happy.The food and drink are very good in my opinion.  My knock on the place is you have to seat yourself and if you have a party bigger than 3 you're in a bind because seating is limited and if you don't pay attention someone will swoop in and grab the first open table. That definitely needs to change. Other than that everything is great!This place gets one star only because I can't write a review without giving at least one star. How absolutely disgusting and disappointing this place is. My husband and I order the taco pack which is 19.99 for 12 tacos, everything looked great until I found a nasty black pubic hair on the outside of my taco. When I told our server he seemed apologetic and took my plate back to the manager who also apologized and said she would take care of it. So they brought out two fresh tacos to which I had no appetite for because honestly who wants to continue eating after finding someone's crotch hair in your dinner. When I got our bill they still charged me for the freaking tacos!!!!! I took one bite of one taco and refused to eat the rest and they still charged me. What did the manager mean by "she would take care of it" I guess here's two extra possibly pubic hair filled tacos to make it all better.The complimentary bean soup is a nice touch, I wish I could get the recipe. I got the taco salad and it was delish. I'd def go back.I got here fairly early - happy hour time around 5pm or so. Sam was our server. I understand the necessity to serve and clear a table to gain a new table in a timely manner. But Sam worked by a different scale. Her desire was to satisfy. She had patience as I waited for the remainder of my party and while in my indecisive nature, I made my selection for dinner. She's definitely one of the best servers I've had in a while. She went above and beyond.
The tacos were delicious. The drinks were delightful and the service was impeccable. Request her when you come and no matter what taco you choose, you'll be satisfied. Large margarita or "Beer-Rita" will have you set.
This place is great after a long day of work -- especially for taco Tuesday!$30 for chips, salsa, taco salad, guac & cheese
While the chips are plentiful, I could buy 8 bags of a great brand of chips it's not worth it unless you have serious munchies. NO NO NO moreSo yesterday I came in with a group of 8 at a time when they had more than enough accommodation to seat us. The waitress was exceptionally rude right off the bat. I asked a question about the margarita specials and she responded with "I don't drink margaritas, so"...then once we ordered, she came back to tell us they actually didn't have margaritas at the moment, I asked what I could get for around the same price and she responded "well the menu is right there". The drinks we ordered (a pitcher of tap beer) wound up coming out 30 minutes later, after we were well finished with our tacos.  Service was absolutely awful, and I wish the waitress hadn't included gratuity in our checks because I would NOT have tipped. Also, I'm pretty sure the tacos gave us food poisoning because 4 of the 8 of us wound up puking not too far after leaving the restaurant. It's a no from me lolNot a lot for vegans here. We stopped on a " Taco Tuesday" , which means not only are basic tacos $1 , but equals mad chaos as well.
Nice patio area, service was friendly , but slow. 
Guacamole for some reason had a bacon flavor to it and I could enjoy it. I asked if they had any bean options without meat, and waitress laughed and responded "um, no.".
So, vegans - have a cocktail, but dine elsewhere... :)If I could give this place a zero I would.  The service was awful.  Maybe our waiters man bun in his hair was too tight and he lost some brain cells.  Cant explain it.  The food took over 45 minutes and then no one had silverware.  I think we must have asked for salsa 67,000 times.  And bring your own water bc they won't bring you that either.  In addition, other tables were furious about the service and one table even stormed out.  This place needs either to be shut down or new management.Fun hang out.  Not gourmet food, but great for what is is: beer and tacos. And margaritas too!This place sucks! Drove all the way from Mandeville to come get some Tacos and Beer at 12 AM and they said it was closed. Online it says they're open till 2.So my husband could eat at this place everyday. He almost does. The tacos are awesome and are served on the smaller tortillas that are authentic to a taco place in Mexico. I love the grilled fish tacos. My husband mixes it up with his tacos. He's had every type of meat. Taco Tuesdays are a must every week. $1 tacos with cold beer and strong margaritas. Yeah, we like this place. We also bring our kids and they love it. Nothing like tacos with beans and rice!Nice staff. Great location. Beer and food was very good.It took me forever to find a place that I felt I had anything resembling a street taco. Visiting this place on a Taco Tuesday was like being back in California - and no wonder it felt so familiar - the owner happens to be from my home state!
I've tried the sopes, the chips with queso, every type of taco on the menu, the salsas, and (of course) the beer. My absolute favorites are the lengua tacos and the carnitas tacos. I came back to town this weekend for a special event, and I couldn't pass up an opportunity to pick up tacos and queso. 
The lengua is super tender, flavorful, and the tacos are garnished with just the right amount of raw onion and cilantro. I ordered these to go, and they were done quickly, and they were nice and hot. The carnitas have a little bit of that crust, a teeny bit of salt, and a savory flavor coming through.
The queso has a hint of chili, it's smooth, and it's addictive. I will say that I wish the chips were a little thinner, but they are fresh and crispy. Definitely check them out on a Tuesday for the discounted prices (but the portions don't change at all!) -- it can be pretty lively on those days, so expect a wait.
See pics!Food is so very good ! My husband and I have been here 3 times and really love the food . The service is very good . I think for those people that were in a hurry if you tell them up front I know they would be accommodating . The servers are great .I have been going to T&B for about a year now. The drinks are cheap and the atmosphere is great. I usually stop in on Tuesdays for the $1.00 tacos, the brisket tacos are quite delicious. The food has always been tasty and filling. Service on the other hand can be spotty. The bartender Robb is always attentive and friendly. He will remember your name and drink order for future visits. I haven't had the best service when sitting at a table. I've waited 30 minutes for a couple tacos and even 20 for a bottle beer. 
But overall I love going to T&B, and will continue to be a regular.On Tuesdays we usually go for the $1 tacos which aren't too bad. I only get the mushroom tacos which are ok most of the time. One round might have plenty mushrooms and the next order might be all onions with 1 or 2 mushrooms. Be aware though the waiters try to add a little extra for themselves on the ticket so make sure to check your bill before just paying without looking like I tend to do. More than one waiter did that so be are they don't add random charges on your bill. Other than them being crazy busy and very inattentive I guess you can't complain too much about $1 tacos.I have to say that the food is really good, but I don't think that I have had slower service ANYWHERE in the entire city of New Orleans. I've have run bars and restaurants, and have owned two restaurants. If ANY of my employees were as lazy or as incompetent as these people, I would have fired my ENTIRE staff and would have started over from scratch. If you are in a hurry to eat... THIS IS DEFINITELY NOT THE PLACE YOU WANT TO EAT.The best place to watch the parades!  Full service bar and menu. Authentic Mexican. Hello tacos de lengua!  Great owner and staff.Very nice little restaurant. I love the torta. The margaritas not so much. For me the choriqueso it's the best I ever had.Stopped by the blind pelican they gave us a shitty table so we went next door I'm so glad they gave us a shitty table people and food both was excellent. Had the sampler platter for app and tacos best ever.I've been here a few times now and each time I've liked it more.  Service is decent and food is really good.  My only complaint is that they don't have enough taco variations on their menu considering the name, and that chips and salsa aren't complimentary (very good, spicy) but neither take away from the prices and food.  I really liked the 3 tacos meal a lot and the bean soup was awesome.Good $1 taco Tuesday's. Tall boys PBRS $2 on Tuesday also.  Great find good deal.  Sarah is an awesome waitress too!!Never been here, was really excited about trying it out, but the host ruined my experience in the first 5 minutes I was there.  I'm a host and I 100% understand being overwhelmed and busy... But you just don't speak to people the way he spoke to us.Sooooo, let's begin. We stumbled upon this place on a Saturday afternoon as we walked around the Garden District. We were not sure what we wanted to eat and took a look at this menu and decided to give it a try. 
     I ordered a shrimp taco and the chili relleno. When "Junebug" brought the food I was disappointed with the size of the taco. I said to my wife "I'm not sure that the taco is worth $3.50."  I was SO WRONG. After I had one bite I said that it was TOTALLY worth $3.50. The chili relleno was delicious and I ate every bite. I ordered a second shrimp taco as well!!
     I mentioned Junebug earlier. He was our server and he was very nice. He explained the menu and helped us make our decisions. He was personable and helped make our experience outstanding. He went out of his way to ensure that the vegetarian items that my wife was concerned about were all covered.The manager and employees were SO INCREDIBLY RUDE and RACIST!!!!! Service was awful and they were SO DISRESPECTFUL!!!!! The food was cold and .... 2 words. Food poisoning!!!!! HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND. Too bad there isn't zero stars or less. This place is a negative 300. Good luck!!We had a blast at the VIP Mardi-Gras Party. The bartenders handled the massive crowd and were fast and friendly.  We'd come in and out from the parade and the buffet was always attended to, fresh-hot-food and clean. We didn't have any bad experiences when ordering off the menu during the party. We ordered dessert, the tres leches was huge.  As a person who has worked in the food service industry- I think these guys handled Mardi Gras like bosses.  We'll definitely be back.After passing by this place many a time on my daily streetcar rides I finally decided to give Tacos and Beer a try when I saw they were offering a Groupon. I thought the place would be counter style like Felipe's but it is a sit down place more akin to Juan's. Despite the cheap/tacky looking sign outside the inside decor was really quite lovely. The patio is a great size and I can't wait until it gets warmer outside so I can hang out there with a mojito and watch the streetcars roll by. 
Boyfriend and I went around noon and we both got breakfast burritos. The taste was good but it was put together sloppily. I thought the chef had forgotten to put beans in the burrito but it turns out they were all just at the bottom. Chef has gotta step up his game at evenly distributing the ingredients throughout the burrito. Before the burritos arrived we were served small bowls of this delicious meat and bean soup. I thought that was a really enjoyable touch to the meal. 
For drinks my boyfriend got a tequila sunrise which was prepared nicely and I tried their "Mexican mimosa," champagne topped off with Negro Modelo, sounds weird but tasted nice and refreshing. 
Our server Sylvana was nice and friendly and let us know about their weekly drink specials and taco Tuesday. I definitely plan to hit up that patio when the weather is warm.Came here tonight on a whim. Started with the Cadillac Margarita and it was huge. Shared it with my lady. I must say that this may be one of the best Margaritas that I've had in the city. A whole lot better than Juan's or Superior Grill.
We started with the wings and they were great. A great mix of heat and perfectly fried chicken. I had the Big Ass Burrito and it was awesome. My lady got the tacos. She liked the chicken tinga the best, the other varieties were kind of average. I would definitely come back here. Anxious to see what Taco Tuesday is all about.
Great spot for Mexican on St. Charles.