I don't know how I lucked out with having this taqueria in our neighborhood, but this is the best Mexican food you'll get in New Orleans.
We discovered Taqueria Guerrero after finding that burrito joint down the street was packed, had a line wrapping around the buidling (you know which one!).
After finding street parking near the mattress store, we plopped down and ordered the 3-taco plate (al pastor, mmmm) with beans and rice on the side and a burrito (barbocoa). I am a creature of habit and order the same tacos, but the bf has ventured out to get other dishes such as the fajita plate or the really spicy shrimp (camarones del diablo?). All very tasty.
The rest is history. It's embarrassing how often I suggest this place when we want to go out/get take out.Taqueria Guerrero has amazing burritos! The chicken is very tender and the burrito has a perfect mix of rice, beans, fresh cilantro, onion, and cheese. They have this green jalapeno salsa that keeps me coming back! The salsa is great on the chips and perfect on the burrito. When I lived in mid-city, this was a weekly or bi-weekly meal. 
Though I haven't ventured away from this amazing chicken burrito, all of the people I have taken to the Taqueria have tried various things and thoroughly enjoyed their meals.
This is one of my favorite places in town!This restaurant is one of NewOrleans best kept secrets!  Very authentic & fresh. Service is prompt, menu questions clearly explained , portions are generous.  Very reasonably priced.  Great for families also. No bar , but a large variety of sodas as well as ice cream in a store type freezer with sliding glass top . I felt as if I was visiting Mexico again. Highly recommend this restaurant.  I didn't ask if it is a byo place.My favorite Latin place in town! Favorites: Papusas, flan, green salsa on the table, chicken tacos, napales tacos, chorizo tacos, enchiladas, and the chimichanga is huge. Great burritos and aguas frescos too! Super fast and inexpensive!Decided to try the Mexican restaurant based on reviews from yelp.  It is a small restaurant that is what I call a hole-in-wall.  The chip and salsa was very good, (need to ask for a bowl of salsa)  I had the fajitas and the were good, but not great.   Service was good and people were nice and helpful.  From out of town (calif) and would come againAwesome pastor tacos and tamales !! I just wasn't a fan of all that raw onion they put on top of the tacos !The most authentic Mexican restaurant that I have been to in New Orleans. Excellent food and good service. The highlight for me was the green salsa which is the best I have ever had.Amazing tacos. Chimichanga. Menudo. Green sauce. Everything was so delish!!! And horchata so good!This is the best burrito in New Orleans. The ambiance is funny -- they have a big flat-screen TV that has a glimmering image of a waterfall on their lime-green wall -- but for me, that adds to the appeal. While they don't serve alcohol, they do make a mean horchata, which I recommend. I get the vegetarian burrito without cheese or sour cream and always leave feeling like it was the most spectacular burrito I've had on the dirty coast.This is a very authentic Mexican and not Tex-Mex restaurant.  With that being said the majority of the stuff is the same old tired Mexican theme of things wrapped in tortillas.  They have decent tacos and have the great authentic Mexican spicy green sauce that burns so hot and tingly.  They do have some sandwiches and other assorted items not found in the typical NOLA Mexican place.  The area where this restaurant shines is in its selection of soups.  They have a large selection of many types of soups and stews that you just won't easily find anywhere else in the area.  The caldo de pollo (they recently have cut back on making this) and caldo de camarones are two of my favorites here but they also offer lots of other meats and different combinations.  The prices are generally a decent value and they have a large selection of Mexican beverages (but no booze).  A decent stop for a quick meal before heading next door to Brocato's for a bit of dessert.My highest compliments. 
I am from California, where amazing mexican food is rampant... This is the first mexican restaurant Ive been to outside of the bordering states that had really good, traditional food. I had the most SPECTACULAR cactus burrito... Their menu is large, their salsas are hot and flavorful, and the prices are awesome! Keep it up, you have a fan for life!This place beats, Felipe's, superior grill, Juan's and panchita's; hands down. Their food is great and they have this great jalapeño sauce that is so awesome on everything. 
I love their chimichangas. They are huge and filed with so much flavor, I just love them. They are not Tex-mex. They are petty authentic in their cooking style. 
My friends have had the enchiladas and wouldn't share, because they were so good. 
Parking is difficult at times, but worth it to drive around, looking for a spot.  Also, Angelo Brocato's is right next door for desert.Authentic food that is often hard to find. Staff is friendly. This is my go to place in the city.Not as good as I remember. The first time I went it was phenomenal. I went again and got the same thing to-go. Wasn't as flavorful and the sauce was something I'm allergic too. I didn't know that sauce came with it. Nevertheless, I may be willing to try again. We'll see.I live quite close to this place and tried it for the first time a few days ago when the roomie brought home some chicken fajitas for me. The veggies tasted fresh and tender-crisp and the chicken was well-seasoned. They were served with corn tortillas which I'm usually not a huge fan of but these were soft, warm, and delicious. The rice that was served with the fajitas was a little bland and the beans were so-so. It's a place i'd definitely return to again for some yummy mostly-authentic Mexican food.Was on the way to one of my fave Pho spots in New Orleans when I saw this Mexican restaurant across the street. 
Was a bit hesitant at first since I hadn't heard about it before, but I love Mexican food, especially authentic, so I gave it a shot.
A sexy mamacita in a Mexico soccer jersey, with two gold fronts served me some camarones a la diabla with a sweet smile. Felt like home. I think she purposefully added extra food to my plate...everyone else's plate didn't seem to hold that much food. If you're reading this, thank you mami.
 I ordered a steak taco as an appetizer since I always try the tacos at every Mexican restaurant I go to.. Although it was quite delicious, and hit the spot before the main course, I wish I didn't, because like I said, their serving sizes are huge. 
The triple threat would be going here, them hitting up Wit's Inn for a Wit maker, then back across the street to Angelo Brocato's for ice cream. 
I only gave this place 4 stars because if I could have gotten a margarita after my dinner, it would have been a 5 star experience, but unfortunately they don't serve alcohol.Everything is really good. I heartily recommend the Baleadas, Tortas, and Tamales! Good fresh flavors.Love his place food and family who runs it. So nice and know exactly what we are Getting each time. Weekend seafood soup. Soooo goodExcellent food, friendly service. I always get chicken enchiladas with mole, but tacos al pastor is next on my list. They have delicious aguas frescas, but it is BYOB.Juan's Flying Burrito was packed out with hipsters and we were not in the mood to wait, so we decided to give this place a try instead.  Really not impressed by any aspect of it.  Our tabletop was sticky with who knows what.  The wait person never once offered to refill our drinks even though the restaurant was practically empty.  
Also, vegetarians beware: As far as I could tell, nothing on the menu is truly vegetarian.  I settled on a cheese quesadilla, which turned out to be really bland.  None of this is surprising for an authentic Mexican restaurant, which is what Taqueria Guerrero appears to be.Wow. I was stunned by this place. The food was VERY good, but more over, the portions were huge, and the food was cheap. It is just a few blocks from my office, and I am going to need to try very hard not to eat here too much. The pupusa were delectably filled with a wonder cheese meaty mixture, and the creamy salsa with the chips was a real treat, but the Torta was the real stunner. I highly recommend this place.Solid food. Hefty portions. Reasonably priced. And the atmosphere? Just like the real cheap places of Mexico, lol.
Overall, a great place to eat and chill. If you like soccer, they running it 24-7. Too bad they don't like basketball mas. Peace.Ok...not for me though. A lot of Hispanic clientele so possibly more authentic then I'm use to.First time here and the service and food was great. I enjoyed every bite and will be bringing my friends next timeHad dinner here recently. Had the Tamale's and pupusas. Both were excellent. To date this is by far the best authentic mexican food in New Orleans. Good service. Prices are good. Dont be scared off by the decor. The food is great. You should enjoy your dining experience here if in the mood for mexican food.Above average mexican food, yes actual mexican food not tex-mex.  While they are lacking in certain things decor, alcohol license to name a few. I have eaten here twice and its been solid, much better than Juan's down the street.  I have had the al pastor tacos and they were great, as was the chimichunga(sp?), yes I know those are typical tex-mex dishes but wanted to play it safe the first couple of times.  My friend got a dish with eggs, tortillas, cheese, and shredded pork that was amazing.  All in all pretty good, but I'd get the food to go unless you like Univision soaps on the big screen and red checkered table cloths.Outstanding service, and amazing food! There are a lot of vegetarian options, and their horchata is on point! I enjoyed their music and decor. It all made me feel like I was in Mexico for a minute :)Chicken fajitas were flavorless; the shrimp diablo, on the other hand, was overwhelmingly spicy to the point of being unable to taste anything else. Price was low at least... But not worth it.If you're a taco fiend like myself accompanied with being a Mid City hermit, this place has got you covered.  Don't just limit yourself to the tacos only. I've been here many times over the years and they've failed to disappoint each time.
I've had numerous dishes all worth mentioning, however my most memorable were the cheese pupusas, the toastadas,  the chicken fajita plate, the chicken tacos and chorizo tacos.  Basically, if you're looking for authentic Mexican for ridiculously fair prices, this is your spot.
All of the workers are extremely nice, the guy who usually works the register (at least each time I've gone) is one cool dude. English certainly isn't his first language, but he knows enough to communicate and crack a joke or two.
I highly doubt you'd leave this place unhappy. This spot is yet another perk of being a Mid City trooper, and places seem to keep popping up all around us!Seriously best pupusas I've ever had!! Super thick. The carne asada tacos were well seasoned & tasted excellent even more amazing no fat! Will definitely be returning!I really wanted to go back to this place and try the flautas before reviewing, but Yelp sends me an email every day about this draft, so this review is happening now.  
I stopped in here, after a day of shopping, because I had heard a lot of good things about this place. Now, don't go in here expecting anything fancy. This is pretty much as "no frills" as it gets. You walk in and you are told to sit anywhere and they have a window, if you are placing a "to go" order.
I decided to go with the "torta", which is a Mexican sandwich with meat and cheese. It was really good, but I found the bun to be a tad greasy. I've never had a torta before, so I don't know if this is the norm. It wasn't really a big deal. The sandwich was HUGE and I was able to split it into two meals.
This is a great place if you want a fast, no nonsense lunch. I really want to go back and try the flautas, as that's how I like to truly judge a Mexican restaurant.The only place I've found to get good Mexican food in NOLA. Very reasonably priced too.I love everything I've ever had on the menu.  The only thing I'm sad about is no booze and the complementary chips are never warm or very appetizing for that matter.  But the food you pay for is amazing! Especially the Chimichanga, tacos, burritos and enchiladas!!!!Great place for the real deal Mexican food. There is no alcohol but you can go next door and purchase it at the local bar.  The food is very very good. I had the first real chile relleno I have had in New Orleans.  If you are in the Mid City area you must stop in.  It is very casual.I had the Mexican tostadas and rice and beans and the food was very good!! I had the chicken on the tostados and it was good. Definietly better than the meal I previously had at this restaurant. I will probably come back!So in my never ending quest of finding good Tex-Mex I ended up here, very close to the house. I had high hopes. I had trekked all up and down NOLA...this town has amazing food of every variety EXCEPT for Mexican food.
We walk in. Everything's going okay. We sit down. It's a Friday night and I'm excited with anticipation for the margarita I have yet to order.
I order my margarita and it sounded like the waitress said they only serve beer. The hell I say to myself! But I can go to the bar next door, order a rita, and bring it in (thank you New Orleans!). This is what I do. Once I've returned my husband orders a beer. They don't serve beer.
They don't serve any alcohol at all?!?!??
Already 2 stars off I think to myself but let's move on.
The waitress brings chips and salsa (red and green!) without us asking and I'm considering putting back a star for the green sauce.
We ordered beef fajitas and got mixed, but whatever. We also ordered queso and that was just okay, it could have been warmer.
The fajitas were very good. They came with beans, rice, lettuce, green peppers, and onions. They only came with 3 very small tortillas though and we had to order another 3.
When we got the bill we saw that they had charged us for the salsa that we never ordered and the extra tortillas.
Although the food was good, the lack of alcohol and charging us for something we didn't order rubbed us the wrong way. We will not be back here.This Mexican restaurant has great food and service. 
Food is great. You get a good meal for what you pay for. Food is well cooked and has a great mix of flavors. One favorite here is the green spicy sauce. Green sauce is a spicy sauce that has flavor and isn't just pure spice. A great option for an entree (especially for a family) is the Parillada mixta. This dish is an assortment of meat and peppers served with corn tortillas and beans and rice. Beans and rice tastes good and goes well with the meat. Meat is nicely cooked and is very tasty. The dish has beat, chicken, and sausage (my favorite part of the dish). You can eat the meat with the tortillas or bye itself. Great food. 
The servers are very friendly and will do just about anything for you to have a good experience. No matter what server you get you will have a great time. 
This restaurant is a great choice for groups of two or greater. Great food and great service. I would definitely go hear if I were you.This is one of the better Mexican joints in all of NEw Orleans.  Simple,  friendly good food and you get a lot.  The real thing and no lame gimmicks you see at other places with this trend of gringo-taco fusion nonsense.  This is simple tex-mex with some VERY authentic Mexican dishes like Camarones a la ajillos  (garlic shrimp) and I get one plate for me and my wife and we are full.  Thank goodness there is a place like this still in mid-city!  If you don't want real Mexican food...that you will not like this place.Y'all, this is the most legit mexican food you'll get in NOLA and for a good price! I grew up in Phoenix with a Mexican momma and I have been searching for authentic food.  This is as close as it gets down here!  The tacos are bomb, the flautas are great, mole is decent, POZOLE IS TO DIE FOR ON THURSDAYS!  Really affordable and the most legit mex food around.  I always get the Jamaica with my order, but you can also BYOB for no extra fee. Service is great, place is clean. Some tasty nieve up at the front.  I really can't complain.  Get the barbacoa or even the chorizo for some extra good food.Salut Team Taqueria Guerrero. Menudo on Sundays and Chicarrones Gordita are faves. Loveliest staff.I got Pinworms twice eating here.  They have to start using gloves when handling fresh uncooked food!The tacos. The tamales. Me gusta.
First, the restaurant is a taqueria. So, it apparently specializes in tacos.
That it does. We tried the pork, chicken, and steak tacos. I recommend them in that order. The pork is some of the best anywhere. Chicken is also fantatic. The steak isn't bad, but it's nothing special. You can get steak tacos like that elsewhere. So I'd stick with the pork and chicken.
Me. I love tamales. But usually the tamales at a restaurant don't stack up to the kind you can make at home. But that's not true here. I loved their tamales. And they were chicken. I don't prefer chicken tamales even when I make them myself. You just can't get the taste as flavorful as with pork. But they do somehow make it work, in an awesome way. 
In the end, I got six really excellent tacos and two tamales to share among my family of four. With drinks, it came out to thirty dollars. Not bad for a flavor fiesta!As a transplant from Phoenix, Arizona, I'm used to some of the very best Mexican food in the US.  I wasn't expecting to find this level of authenticity here in New Orleans. Until I walked into this place. Authentic as it gets and delicious.  It's nice to have an alternative to chain "mexican" food restaurants here in NOLA, and the price is right.  Just a short street car ride down Canal from the French Quarter to mid city, Taqueria Guerrero is more than worth the effort.Great food and quick service.
My menudo with Sangria hit the spot and cured my Cruda.
Menudo was a little plain, but served hot.
Serving sizes were great.
People in my group ordered breakfast plates, which looked amazing.
Will be coming back anytime I'm in town againAuthentic Mexican food, reminds me of the border town taquerias I've been to in Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona.  Nothing fancy, just fresh, well-prepared and inexpensive.  Great value!  This place focuses on food, and not the tarted-up Kitchy decor that many Mexican places do.  Thiis place is authentic, not a suburban/corporate interpretation.  They have had Spanish-language soccer (fur all) on the television every time I have been here.  This is one of my go-to lunch places!what a treat! Great traditional Mexican in Mid-City that's really affordable.  Lengua tacos, and the enchiladas with salsa verde are fantastic. Might be best in the city.One of the best places for Mexican food in New Orleans. They may not have any taco tuesday specials but it's okay because their food is way better than the restaurants that have to use those deals to lure customers in. Definitely come here - you won't be disappointed!I love this place.
Try their tacos and pupusas (the half pork, half cheese). The tacos are three to an order. I've had them on a few different occasions. I like the chicken, beef and pork.  Great taste and fresh. Much better than the rum house I had the night before where the tortillas were crunchy and the meat sucked.
The pupusas are awesome. They taste great, would come anytime for these. My husband tried the chile relleno and enjoyed.
Got the melon drink, taste like cantaloupe. Recommend.Finally, great Mexican food in New Orleans. 
I'm from the west, where places like this are everywhere: modest, cheap, borderline hole-in-the-wall with outstanding food and great service. The food is so simple and good that we end up eating there a couple times a week. 
Some favorites:
The chicken tacos are deceptively simple. I don't know what they do to the chicken to make it so juicy and delicious, but I don't really care, as long as they keep doing it. 
The baleada is my new favorite hangover food--a fat homemade tortilla with egg, guac, sour cream, beans, and (if you want) meat. Again, it's simple, but it's incredibly good. The pupusas are indulgent and delicious. 
I wish they served beer, and the lack of that makes this more a lunch than a dinner place for me. 
Felipe's is opening down the block in the new chain-riddled shopping center on Carrolton, and I hope that the community will rally to keep this taqueria in business. They are the real deal and we're lucky to have them in our neighborhood!Delicious authentic Mexican food. Friendly, attentive service. I had shrimp tacos (shrimp, onion, cilantro, lime). My partner got the sopa de res and the broth was incredible. Highly recommend this spot!This place serves up some pretty authentic Mexican food at pretty authentic Mexican portions and prices. You usually don't end up finishing the meal, but feel free to binge on Mexican cokes, jarritos or horchata in front of the soccer game that's always on tv while you wait for your second wind. Also, it's way better than Juan's.Not the best one I've been too, but the closest I could find that reminds me of Texas. They have the essentials....Topo Chico, Valentina, and Yucateca.This may be the best Mexican food you'll find in New Orleans. I'm not a fan of the typical "TexMex" that can be found everywhere. I like stripped down, simple, standard Mexican fare. This place hits the mark. It's a family place and these are their original recipes from Guerrero Mexico. We've eaten there twice this week. The house-made tamales are fantastic. But, today, the tostada that I had was amazing... AH mazing.
I highly recommend Taqueria Guerrero- unless you're looking for a bland margarita-filled, hey macarena experience. In which case, I'm sure there's a Chili's open somewhere.Best Mexican in New Orleans. No Rex-mex crap. In apologetically authentic. Delicious every time. Six years eating here and have yet to find a bad dish. Tonight we spent $25 for a platter of sizzling peppers and onions with copious amounts of steak, chicken, chorizo, and shrimp grilled to perfection. It came complete with two plates  of beans, rice tomato lettuce and a large avocado slice. After ratings there was at least half left. I love this place!!! Glad I live on Carrollton in Mid-City!!!!Let me preface this review with the following two bits of important info:  I am a vegetarian and I come from the land of embarrassing riches of Mexican food, aka California.  That being said here goes:
The place had potential and I really wanted to like it but just couldn't.  Typical taqueria setting looked inviting but the food was a let down.  Both of the salsas (the red and the green) were very disappointing and this is how I judge a Mexican restaurant.  The green hot sauce in the bottle tasted better.  I had a quesadilla and it was really nothing special.  The rice was cooked with chicken broth so they were out  but the beans were lard free and tasted ok once I put said sauce in them.  My options were very limited there (and no salsa verde for enchiladas?  That is usually veg but their red sauce wasn't) and I'm sure if I were a carnivore I'd like this place more.  I'll keep exploring until I find something that I like.  If anyone has any suggestions please share them.It was goooooooooood. Aw man. I'm so glad I checked this placed out. We were on lunch break from school and I was craving a burrito from Felipe's, had I not looked on Yelp, I would've never discovered this place. The guy at the counter was very very nice, almost to where I wasn't sure if he was forcing it or not but whatevs! 
So I know I was craving a burrito, but i saw on Yelp that they served the kind of tacos this food truck down by my house in East had, and those are my favorites. I ordered the Carnita (pork) Taco (made with only onions and cilantro). My friend ordered the chicken burrito (made with rice and cheese, no beans). It took 5-10 mins. First bite I took from my taco.. Omg It was amazing! Drizzled with like and this sauce.. It was perfect! They packed this sauce, which I'm assuming, is guacamole blended with jalapeños. It's amazing! Not too spicy either for someone who can't handle too much spicyness. It was sooooo good. They hook up the meat too. My friend took a couple bites of my tacos and ended up liking it better than his burrito. I, however, liked his burrito. It was really good. Chicken wasn't dry it was tender, aw man. So goood . They were fast too. We just wanted to do to go bc we had class in 30 mins. Its a little pricey, I feel, for their food but whatever. It's good!Zero complaints! Well, maybe more breakfast Taco options would be great. But my tacos of molido, pastor, and lengua were wonderful. The place was spotless and the servers were friendly.The BEST Mexican I've ever had in my life!!! The sauce they bring with the salsa is amazing. This is authentic Mexiacan food and I HIGHLY recommend this place!!!Definitvely the best Mexican in New Orleans. I pretty much end up eating here everytime I'm in Midcity, despite a cornucopia of surrounding restaraunts. Shit, there's even another Mexican place next door, but I've never once been tempted to try it. This place has all the hallmarks of great Mexican, that weird laminated half spanish menu, staff that only sort of speak English, servers who's kids are in the restaraunt with them and horchata served from giant blue plastic pitchers. The obligatory tortilla chips, which some evil genius convinced all mexican places to serve for free, come with a lagniappe green salsa that will make you want to renounce your citzenship and move to Mexico. As if that wasn't enough, for some unknowable reason, they've invested in a giant flashing LED sign, which advertises their restaraunt (albeit with several spelling mistakes) inside the restaraunt. Fucking love these guys.
Also, a great spot for vegetarians. The cactus tacos, which come three to an order, are delicious. The veggie torta is one of the best I've ever had. And they have fucking pupusas!
Anyone who dosen't love this place should be banished to taco bell for eternity.Food was amazing - high end "taco truck" type tacos, and they were some of the best tostadas I've had. 
Location could be a little more pleasing to the eye, and they don't have fountain drinks.
My biggest complaint was it wasn't the best bang for the buck, portions wise.A nice low key place, with quick service.Out of all the Mexican restaurants here in the NOLA metro area this is as close to Authentic Mexican cuisine that you can get here. The biggest reason I stopped here was because it is within walking distance of where I live.
The service was really good. The friendly Latina waitress I had was really nice and incredibly helpful. She told me to sit where ever I like, I chose to sit next to the window
The food I ordered was the pollo (chicken) fajitas plate and coca cola to drink. I also received free salsa and chips with my order which is very normal in a mexican restaurant. First off the salsa and chips were excellent! The fajita plate came with spanish rice, refried beans, lettuce and tomato, the grilled onions, grilled bell peppers, grilled chicken and flour tortillas. The fajita plate was very good and so was the salsa and chips! I haven't had good mexican food like this since I was in Texas.
One of the things I liked about this place was the fact that I received generous portions of food. Like enough to feed 2 people! The price was very good to it was only $9.99 for the fajita plate.So yes I will definitely be going back here and trying more food here. This place is a hundred times better than that crappy Juan's flying burrito down the street!!!
In short good service, good food and the best Mexican restaurant in the Mid City area!Authentic as it's gets in NOLA.. I had a great steak burrito and it came with really god crema!  Bottled sodas too!If you're looking for good Tex-Mex in NOLA, this Guerrero's is the place to go! Food is prepared fresh with all the sides that you'd expect from abuelita!I've been experimenting with Mexican places in New Orleans. Besides here I've tried Juan's, Panchita's, Felipe's, Superior Grill, and Casa Borrega,  And this place is by far the best that I've come across.
You can't go wrong. But pork tacos are SO good and so is shredded beef enchiladas.
Edit on 10/5/17
Their chicharron pork tacos are just as good as any chicharron you can find in Mexico City. I was there with a local.Some of the best pupusas and tamales in New Orleans!  I've been maybe seven times and have not had a bad meal or bad services.  Prices are good too!
They appear to get your beer from the bar next door but this is more amusing than a hassle.Oh Taqueria Guerrero. Where do I begin. I really want to love this place. They are the only place in New Orleans that offers nopales, one of my favorite things. Their food is tasty. They have delicious agua fresca. All of these things sound like the makings of a 5 star delicious taqueria in New Orleans. 
Alas, they have one downfall. They are sloppy. They mess up orders. They forget things. They have run out of chips 2 of the last times I have bee there. How does a Mexican restaurant run out of chips? There is a grocery store RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET. It's not like tortilla chips are specialty items that can only be ordered from certain purveyors. They are tortilla chips. Rouses sells probably 25 different brands of them. It's not that difficult,
I'll probably return because I'm a masochist and enjoy torturing myself, but I really hope they can get the service/inventory issues sorted out and get the 5 stars they deserve. 
Or I could just start ordering to-go and bringing my own damn chips.Best Mexican food in the city hands down. Don't mess around with overpriced Mexi-fusion joints.I love this place! They play good music, the staff are sweet and friendly and the food is great.  The mixed pupusas are great. If you haven't tried them and are feeling like trying something besides tacos, order the pupusas. Service is quick. I love supporting local businesses like this.This one has been on the block pre-Katrina before the city had so many of these options. It is the real deal. Feels like any eatery in any town in Mexico or Central America. Food can be hit or miss. My last visit wasn't as memorable as past trips. The green salsa is and was as good as it gets. I could drink the stuff.The only Mexican(Central American) food in the New Orleans. Great price, free chips for table, BYOB.New Orleans is kind of lacking good Mexican food (boohoo, right? ;). I'm from the southwest so I know I'm picky, but Guerrero is by far the best Mexican I've had in New Orleans proper. The pozole on Thursday nights is fire. Everyone who works there is very nice and food comes out crazy fast, just in case you fly into hunger-rages like I do.I just wasn't really impressed.  I left feeling like if you don't speak spanish you can't really order food here and get what you've actually ordered.  I ordered tacos with no cilantro and was brought a plate of tiny tortillas with some meat on them.  And literally nothing else.  This was also really expensive for how little food you get.Great authentic Mexican food in New Orleans. Open early and the huevos rancheros are a must get. Generous portions and every meal comes with chips and salsa. Great service can't go wrong here. 5 stars.I've been looking for a good authentic Mexican restaurant and was very pleased with Guerreros. I had the pupusas (I know, not quite authentic Mexican)
But they were delicious and pretty inexpensive. My friend ordered the shrimp cocktail which was delicious as well, a little sweet though, like they used a lot of orange juice, but I enjoyed it. Good service, good chips and two kinds of homemade salsa! With free refills :) I really wanted to try the posole which is only served on Thursdays so I will have to return later in the week!impromptu brunch the day after Mardi Gras. we were HANGRY! Stopped by here because we wanted some type of Mexican food with eggs. Yah. Random. So we popped in and ohhh the food was SO DELICIOUS!
I had juevos rancheros - it was amazing! The only con was that I felt like the eggs were a little too salty. Other than that, it was great. And even better - it was NOT cooked with black beans (i do not like black beans). Ohh, delicious and lots of leftovers for a snack. 
My partner in crime had steak fajitas, and he loved his as well. I tasted, and I verify - It was. OMG GOOD. I will be back. thank you for being so wonderful!I don't think tacos get enough attention in this city. I mean, I understand we're all "po'boy and gumbo" but c'mon! After venturing out on a vacation to Seattle recently and having some life changing tacos (Tacos Chukis hayyy!) I needed a local taco spot to handle my newfound cravings. I tried two other popular spots but I left disappointed every time.  As a recent mid city transplant and avid yelper I discovered this little gem. My first time I decided to order the carnitas and the al pastor. Just looking at them I knew it would be good. Double tortilla'd, plenty of onion and cilantro, smell permeating the to go box? Check, check and check. So much flavor, just the right amount of spice and the spicy sauce they give on the side is so amazing. This is the best relationship i've ever had. I eat here at least twice a week. Go here and let Jesus hook you up. You get three tacos for about $7 and some change. I always get mine with guac which brings it to about $8.65. I also love that you can mix up your meat options and honestly you can't go wrong. Even the chicken is spectacular.Best Mexican food in the city for the best price. The staff is super friendly as well!Very authentic, very delicious, very inexpensive. Had the chimichanga with chorizo and finished the whole thing. Every dish I saw looked amazing and everyone there looked very happy with their decisionsI just moved here from South Philly and the thing that gives me the most woes is the lack of quality, international cuisine in this town. And usually, when you do find something not cajun or creole worth eating, it costs twice as much as it's worth. 
So Guerrero gets all 5 stars for having delicious, authentic food AND reasonable prices. I almost felt like I was back in Philly eating simple, cheap tacos in a plain and comfortable atmosphere. The wait staff is super friendly and everything I've had was delicious. I'm more of a meat taco kind of girl, but my boyfriend used to live in Mexico and says the mole is amazing.Ok, so this is the first review I've written on here as well as the first decent mexican food I'd recommend in this city. I'd say that comes with some qualification being that I'm from California and will admit to our snobbish elitism toward true mexican food. This is NOT Tex-Mex. It is also not some hybrid fusion creole thing. It is a family style, no frills, traditional taqueria that made me feel like I was back in the bay. First true test of any good mexican establishment; are there any mexicans eating there? Yes, indeed there are. Try the El pastor tacos with house made green sauce (spicy, but excellent) Only thing I don't like about it is the nachos (cheese sauce) and ketchup on the tables.This place is great.  One of the few authentic Mexican restaurants in New Orleans, they bring free chips and salsa to your table as soon as you sit down.  The pork is very good. My companion is a vegetarian and loves the cactus tacos. The side of beans and rice is delicious and enough for a meal by itself.They don't have limes on the premises?! Had al pastor tacos with cilantro and onion. Top three worst I've ever had.So I live in Boston, and let me tell you- Boston mexican food tastes like someone put it in the back of their pickup in bum-fuck-nowhere canada and drove it down... it's pretty much inedible. Finding this place was like a gift from god, and no I'm completely atheist, but I thank god for this place. I had the tamales- which were perfect, the maiz was incredible- the perfect balance of smooth texture and firmness. The pork inside was chunky and had obviously been prepared by an expert with care. The chile relleno was perfect too- not over done, had the right amount of searing on the pepper and the fry batter was just the right thickness, and the cheese inside was simple but very tasty and fresh and balanced out the hot spice of the pepper. I think I'm going to go back and buy some tamales to freeze and bring home to boston.This place is a gem in mid city and I'm surprised I haven't reviewed it before. So, I wandered to this place after voodoo fest last year and have been back numerous times since and I think I've gotten the same waitress every time. The food is great and you cant beat the price. Its family owned and the service is good. Honestly, I don't think Ive had better Mexican food in NOLABest Mexican food in Louisiana! Great food and staff... I'm definitely gonna to keep coming back to try EVERYTHING!Every time I go here, I get the taco salad with steak in it, no cilantro (if you're like me and hate cilantro, be sure to specify that you don't want any when you order because otherwise a lot of finely minced, impossible to pick out cilantro will ruin the otherwise delicious dish for you).  While the meat does tend to be a bit gristly sometimes, it's flavorful and good.  I always leave satisfied.  
Whatever the saucy green stuff is that comes with the chips and salsa is really delicious.  I really like their chips.
Their staff is generally nice, but not especially attentive.  Trying to get a drink refill or your check can be a bit tedious at times.  
Also, they have Mexican Coke, which is just like regular Coke but sans corn syrup!
Best of all, everything here is super affordable!  I prefer this 100x over pretentious, poor quality Juan's up the street!Good traditional Mexican food. Tortas for lunch are my favorite, but I also like to take the family here for a quick cheap dinner outing. Had Flautas and Tacos tonight and we all left satisfied. No booze, BYO or hit up the bar next door for a cerveza. 
Cleanliness of the place is a little suspect.This has become my go to Mexican restaurant over the past couple years. I go through stages where I crave the salsa and a chimichanga... its like a fever and they have the only prescription. 
Highly recommend! 
We've also gone in with a group of about 10 before on a film set and they took care of us quickly and professionally. We all had a great meal just the way we ordered it.I really liked this place.  It's very authentic Mexican food from Guerrero which is where I'm fromBest tacos I've ever had! I get the chicken and they come with onions and cilantro. Nice and simple. You are brought a special green sauce to the table with chips and it is so tasty and perfectly spicy (great on the tacos) the vibe is humble and perfectly casual, the service quick and friendly. Taqueria Guerrero 4evr!The best. The absolute best. Just. Go. No--shut up--go. Eat all the green sauce. You're welcome.Most of the food is very authentic and good here,my only issues are that when i order i ask for NO onions and they ALWAYS put the onions on my food EVEN THOUGH I TELL THEM IM ALLERGIC!!! If you really care about your customers you will make a fresh meal without onions especially if its a regular customer! Always make sure your rice is fresh,if its hard its NOT FRESH! Last but not least the prices are a little high for mexcan food... And yes I AM MEXICAN!!!You know, it's so typical of New Orleans people to not give a place a decent rating because they don't serve fucking alcohol. It's like, do you not know how to eat a fucking taco unless you're halfway drunk? Sure, you may like to have a cold cervesa with your enchiladas sometimes. So what do you do? You go to the friendly bar next door and pick up a beer, supporting two local businesses at once. Congrats. 
Popular, equally priced New Orleans restaurants and brunch spots should really look to this place for some tips. They have the dining trifecta that New Orleans hot spots don't really understand. Taqueria Guerrero has, Friendly and attentive staff, great homemade fresh food, OH and get this, their restaurant is clean! You go to brunch spots like Gott Gourmet, Slim Goodies and Surreys GD and the staff is rude, inattentive and the dining area is just plane dirty.  
This place is a hidden gem in the midst of a lot of popular restaurants with not much to account for. I highly recommend this place on all accounts.Maybe my hanger rage upon being denied chips made a difference and/or they are just buying more, but I am pleased to report they have had tortilla chips every time I have gone recently!
Thank you Taqueria Guerrero! Never run out again!Went there tonight, not expecting too much but expectations were definitely exceeded. Tried the shrimp cocktail, and a side of beans and rice--everything was fresh and flavorful. The salsa was a little boring but the green sauce in a bottle more than made up for it. We will be back!!! My girlfriend had the Chimi with barbacoa and it was phenomenal. I'm from New Mexico and eat lots of this type of fare--go here or La Casita, they will not disappoint!Next door to my favorite bar and second-favorite ice cream shop? Score! Cali homies, this is the spot y'all need to hit up! Posole on Wednesdays, tons of specials, a take out menu with photographs and no prices... Delicious. I love the chuleta because I'm a pork fiend (pork chop with salsa verde).  I've come with vegetarians before and they haven't had trouble with options (tortas, veggie burritos, sopes with no meat). I also enjoy the ultra-bright television playing MTV Tres at full blast. Makes me miss San Diego.Craving authentic Mexican food, we decided to try Taqueria Guerrero in Mid City.  It has a Latin flair indoors and out - we chose to sit outside.  I gave this restaurant four stars because the food is delicious, fresh & perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The portions were right on and we finished everything.  The only thing that lost them a star was the service.  The waitstaff was confused and slow -switched our orders with another table, didn't give us silverware or an appetizer we ordered, gave us waters and no menus and were just generally disjointed.  That's my only negative remark - the food was divine.I really really like this place. I've come for breakfast and dinner and both of my meals have been very good. The prices are really good too for the amount of food you get.  They don't skimp on portions so usually it's enough food that me and my husband can share and be full. The green enchiladas are some of the best I've ever had. The chips with the green sauce are also bomb. I'm making myself hungry writing this review right now. This is probably the most authentic Mexican food you'll get in New Orleans.I tried this place because I'd heard there was great, cheap Mexican food somewhere on this part of Carrollton. It was okay, but I was definitely underwhelmed. 
The vibe inside is very cheap, kind of diner-ish. The menu was all spanish so it takes a minute to actually study and decipher what you want to order. I thought the food was a little pricey, like $10 for a meal. Which would be fine if I didn't feel like I was getting fast food. The staff wasn't very helpful either.
The food is prepared quickly, so short wait time. I had tacos and they were very greasy. There is a spicy sauce they prepare that is very good though.
Overall I think it is hyped up too much and people shouldn't go in with grand expectations.Vacationing in NOLA for 10 days.  From California. Started hankering for some Mexican food. Didn't expect to find anything good but This place hit the spot. Husband had carne Assad, daughter had steak burrito, I had nachos. Everyone enjoyed their meal. My nachos weren't like the usual fare. Chips, lettuce (?) beans, onion and cilantro sour cream. Different but tasty. Our Server Jesus was cheerful and friendly.This is really close to my house, so if we want quality Mexican food and don't feel like getting in a car, it's either Guerrero's or Juan's. I like both, but they are very different beasts.
Guerrero doesn't serve alcohol, but that's fine, which makes it way better for the budget minded. And yes, the decor reflects the budget, but the food makes up for the decor. 
The service is always prompt and friendly, and free chips and salsa are an added bonus.  The horchata agua fresca is really good, and HUGE! The cheese chile rellenos is the bomb! My husband usually gets the chorizo tacos, and he's big fan. The enchiladas are pretty great too. The quesadilla's are pretty bland, but those are so easy to make at home so why order them at a restaurant? Plus there is so much more on the menu to try!Ok... I'm not an expert on food...however I'm good at knowing what tastes good! The couple I was observing thru the window who ordered the combo fajitas chicken, shrimp, beef, and sausage with the steam pouring from the sizzling fajita plate is what lured me in.
The inside decor is a festive yellow and green and red. The walls are plasterd with Mexican memorabilia. A giant led sign overpowers the room with its vivid colors.
 I'm immediately greeted as I walk in. "Dine in or take out. Please sit anywhere you like" the young man says. Very refreshing since New Orleans has trained me to not expect such rapid greetings.
Before I was able to sit down chips and salsa was brought to the table! Fantastic I was starving. My drink order was taken with the delivery of those chips. 
I ordered the chicken fajitas with anticipation knowing I would have My own personal sizzling skillet of yummy goodness soon. 
I was disheartened by my entree coming on a plate instead of a streaming platter. No worries I'm starving so I ate.
I was 3/4 thru the meal when the undercooked onion began to overpower the entire dish. After several bites of onion slapping my tastes thru next week. I had to prematurely stop eating. Which was probably good since the portions are huge!
In the end I'm saddened by no sizzle platter and the Herculean onion influences with a lack of overall seasoning to the fajita meat. 
The service is exceptional maybe your experience Will be more tasteful than mine. I wanted the flan perhaps I should have orederd the Horchata to quelch that onion.
Sigh....Authentic in both food and decor. Excellent service. Good prices. 
It's the best Mexican food in the city.I had the mixed fajita plate and my beef fajita tasted horrible. I was disappointed in my meal as I have read reviews post experience and I'm thinking I should have tried a different plate. However, New Orleans houses so many restaurants that I doubt I will be back. Service was great and the chips and salsa were good as well.Last couple times I've been back the quality of the food declined.  They seem to be using cheaper ingredients and it just doesn't taste as good as it used to... Boo...This place is the tits. I get a Burrito Pollo (chicken) and that's all you have to say. 
The chicken looks as if it's cut off a roasted chicken rather than chopped up, like Felipe's or Chipotle. Way better than Felipe's and Chipotle. 
Expect to spend 6-15 bucks depending on how hungry you are, sooooo good. Best bang for your buckTaqueria Guerrero has become one of my favorite spots in the city. The service is always perfect - kind, honest, attentive (but not overly so). The food is always flavorful, authentic and made with true time and care.
When you walk into the restaurant, you feel transported to a little road-side spot in Mexico. Very casual, comfortable and filled with sounds of other diners. You'll be greeted immediately and brought a basket of chips and salsa (gratis - a lost art). Ask for the green sauce, it has the perfect balance of spice and cream.
When it comes to the menu, I have yet to go wrong. Last time I tried the menudo (tripe in a beef/chili broth) and it was AWESOME. I have so much respect for someone that can turn beef intestine into something delicious.
I also get the barbacoa flautas every time 'cos delicious crispy meat in a fried tortilla.
All in all, delicious Mexican in a comfortable space. Run, don't walk!I have lived right beside this place for 3 years and never went.  shame on me.  super nice staff.  standard mexican menu.  i got the chimichanga and it was the bomb.  huge fan.  i prob wont get anything else there because the chimi was good.  my lady got the chicken moler (that is not correct but it is something like that; brown heavy sauce).  She liked hers but mine was much better.
no liquor liscense but you can bring your own.  family establishment though so dont go crazy.  I'll def be back.  very very good.Ooooooh man... where do I start? 
I'm so incredibly picky when it comes restaurants that claim to sell authentic Mexican food. But in my opinion, this is some great stuff. Have only tried two things on the menu, but both were beyond my expectations. Not to mention, the staff is incredibly friendly. 
They've got me hooked and I probably won't ever bother looking anywhere else to satisfy my antojitos (cravings).My parents are Dominican, my husbands family is Honduran we are obsessed with the food here. Anything you get is delish! To go orders are super fast, price is great. We eat here about twice a month (maybe more). Best Latin food in the city- no more crazy long drives to BFE Kenner for good Latin food. 
Our faves:
Mixed pupusas
Beef tacos 
A glass of horchataVery friendly service with a smile.  Food was great for its price.  No alcohol served but they do allow you to bring in drinks from the bar next door.Le. Git. Tacos were amazing. Corn tortillas super soft and fluffy, meat super flavorful and moist. The taco plate comes in 3s; I got chicken, beef, and barbacoa. I don't know how they turned something as simple as tacos into something so amazingly delicious.
Horchata was excellent too. Service was great, decor was great - not too casual, not too dressy. Prices were super reasonable, about $15/person incl drink, before t/t.
This is definitely on my list of favorite Mexican restaurants. I want to try everything on the menu. Will be back!My wife and I frequented a wonderful, authentic taqueria in Saint Louis before moving to New Orleans and were eager to find a new place for a quick, inexpensive, delicious, authentic meal here. Taqueria Guerrero is our new place. 
We've eaten there three times now, and the staff now recognize us when we arrive. You get chips and salsa on the house, and you should definitely try the creamy green salsa in the squeeze bottles on the table. We usually get guacamole, which comes fresh and chunky, and zesty with cilantro and lime. I've only tried one of their aguas frescas, the melon variety, and it is a really tasty drink.
I usually get three or four tacos. So far, I've tried their chicken, chorizo, al pastor,  and chicharron. Each is an authentic Mexican taco: a couple of tortillas stuffed with your meat of choice, topped with onion and cilantro. Some (so far the chorizo and chicharron) require a minimum order of two tacos. Hits the spot every time.
My wife has gotten their burritos and chicken fajitas, and her only criticism has been that the serving size is just too large, although I've had a lunch from her leftovers each time. All things considered, a great place. Don't go if you want Tex-Mex, white tablecloths, or a fancy, touristy experience. Do go for the FOOD!
Oh, and by the way, Angelo Brocato's is a couple of doors down, so you can have a great Mexican meal, and finish it off with some gelato or pastry at Brocato's!3 words: cheap, delicious, filling.
Is this the BEST Mexican food I've had? No. Is this the best I've had in New Orleans so far? Definitely.
What I liked:
-tamale: [my first tamale ever actually!] meat is moist inside
-PUPUSA: Mmm I'm definitely getting this the next time I come!
-their chicken is cooked really well; I liked their shrimp too [I got the camarones ala Plancha (grilled shrimp with onions, bell peppers)], but not a huge fan of their chorizo...
I like how they offer more than just burritos and tacos [I'm not a huge fan of tortillas in general]. Their dishes are cooked well, so I don't have many complaints.
HINT: Although they don't serve alcohol, they don't have a problem if you go to the bar next door, buy something, and bring it in! [Don't worry, we asked before we did anything and they said yes]
Personally, I'm not a fan of their decor :T but if I get my Mexican food fix satisfied, it really doesn't matter too much. As long as it doesn't make the experience worse, whatevs right?Walked past this place so many times on the way to Brocato's and so glad we finally stopped in for some tacos and enchiladas! Definitely recommend the al pastor tacos as well as barbacoa. Chicken was a little plain for tacos, but was great in the enchiladas with the really smokey, flavorful red sauce. The free chips and salsa are also great, especially the creamy tomatillo and jalapeno salsa!Friendly service, clean establishment and excellent food. Will be back.... a lot 
The queso amarillo came to the table smoking hot. Had onions and cilantro mixed in. So good. The tacos were hot and fresh as well, the meat was tender and very flavorful. Chips were fresh and served with a tasty red sauce and a spicy green sauce. Loved everythingThe garlic shrimp was amazing!  Large portions and well seasoned!  My fiance had the beef and chicken tacos and thoroughly enjoyed them.  This will definitely be a spot we return to!   The restaurant is really clean and had a cute texmex vibe in terms of decor.  The wait staff was extremely nice and the food came quickly!I lived in Mexico for a few months.  This is real home style Mexican cooking.  Had the costillas (short rib), pupusas and the Jamaica.  Amazingly good.  BYOB
Second visit.  Get the lengua, it is amazingly moist, tender and full of beef flavor.  Bring you a bottle of spiced rum and add it to your horchata.This place is stingy as hell. I asked for extra steak in my burrito and didn't get it. My wife had a shrimp taco salad with the smallest Asian shrimp I've ever seen. You don't do that in Louisiana. The salsa was was in the tiniest little thimbles I've ever seen and they charge extra for more!!! F this joint. Oh and they don't serve alcohol.Great cactus huarches and gorditas!Best Taqueria I have come across in Louisiana hands down.
Great prices, friendly staff, best burrito in New Orleans by far, and better than anything I had living in California and Texas (if only comparing basic burritos).
They had a brief issue with using lower quality meat about a year ago, but I think they realized it wasn't worth the savings since then Guerrero has come back as my personal go to when I am craving Mexican food. 
They don't serve alcohol, but that just means you can pick up a 6 pack and drink you preferred beer for cheap, If you want a mixed drink, you are more than welcome to get one from the bar next door and bring it in as well.
I personally go with the carnita's, though I will say that is different, but when they do their carnita's right it is the best in town.,Some of the best Mexican food in the metro. Walking in brought me back to the restaurants my family and I would frequent on our border trips to Larado/Nuevo Larado. The atmosphere couldn't be more authentic.
The food is very delicious and the menu is quite extensive. They have the items in Spanish and an English translation of the ingredients for most items. My only complaint would be that the flautas are around the same size a taquitos instead of being a bit larger.Nothing Tex about this place. Great, authentic Mexican food. Mole Enchiladas-order them everytime I come. Flautas-crispy,flavorful. Tamales-don't miss. Best in town. Pupusas-cheese-ok. Pork and cheese-now we're talking. 4 of us ate till stuffed and left with leftovers for $50Authentic Hispanic food in Mid City. 
Their Caldo de Res brings me back to my grandma's, full of flavor and veggies. 
The Tamales are delicious. 
Staff is friendly and helpful
They can get very busy but please be patient it's worth it. 
HORCHATATaqueria Guerrero is the ONLY authentic Mexican restaurant in the city and the metro area.  This includes, Casa Garcia, which I have a soft spot for.  I am originally from Texas, so I know real Mexican food, and this is it.  It's also priced accordingly.   Their Al Pastor tacos are amazing.  The toastadas are great.  The pupusas are delicious.  I love the agua frescas, especially the hornchata.  Highly recommended.  Nice staff, although they don't speak much English, suck it up and try it out.  It's the best Mexican food in the city, straight up.I eat  here regularly and it is good overall. I recommend it for tasty and inexpensive Mexican food in New Orleans. Vegetarians can opt for nopales(prickly pear cactus) instead of meat in many of the menu items. 
The chips can get stale if you go near closing but that is because they are done early in the morning. The quality of service as of late has been excellent. They don't have a large waitstaff but the servers are nice and will do their best to help out. 
No alcohol served but you BYOB or pop into the Red Door next door and grab yourself something to drink. 
The fajitas are a incredibly large portion.decent mexican, good price, friendly and laid backGood, simple Mexican food. I've had quite a few of the vegetarian items, and been pleased with all of them. There are actually a decent number of vege choices, including a few things I'd never heard of before. I can't even remember all the things I've had, but I've liked them all. 
I'm stuck on the tostadas, for sure. I tried them with the cactus, which wasn't bad, but I like them without it better. So delicious -- clean and fresh.
The boyfriend swears the pork chops with verde sauce are the best thing ever. Says he could eat them three times a week and be a very happy man. Apparently they're super spicy, and he sweats enough to prove it.
They also have Coke in bottles, which thrills him to no end.
My only complaint lately has been that the chips brought out when you arrive have been a little stale. But I really love the red sauce they come with, so I eat them up anyway.
As noted by others, the decor is no great shakes, but it's clean. And that's all that really matters to me.
Oh, and let me tell you: when you've got a slight hangover -- not enough to keep you in the house, but enough to make everything just a little too hard to deal with -- eat here. It always fixes me right up.Wow. It's a bit of a drive for me , but I'll gladly make it and encourage you to as well. Firstly, the service is friendly and helpful. Second, the wait time is very low. And most importantly - delicious food. What a burrito !! You get more than what you pay for and it's so fresh!Taqueria Gurrero meets my criteria for a quality Mexican restaurant (latino staff, free chips and salsa, and other latinos patronizing the business), with the exception of not having any margaritas or beer.  That's why I give it 4 stars instead of 5.  
For those who want a place that feels/looks like a taqueria one would expect to find in Mexico, its great.  For those expecting Americanized decor and food, it's not for you.  Go to somewhere in Metairie where only white folks eat (and work, for that matter) if that's what you're looking for.
!Viva Mexico!The food was greasy and the service was terrible. The restaurant had a few customers and the waitress seemed to be bothered to serve us. The bottled sodas were flat and she brought out my husbands meal first and I had to wait a few minutes for my three greasy tacos. I asked her for a grilled jalapeño and she said it'll take five minutes to make.  Umm really? Then when it was time to pay the waitress came over with a big smile- I'm sure she knew her service was terrible so she tried to make it up by cleaning the table and being nice. We left her |zero| dollars- I come from the service industry so I tip GOOD, but this right here was a sorry experience.This is my absolute hands down favorite Mexican restaurant. I have been going here for years, and will continue to do so for as long as we both exist. The food is authentic, cheap, and delicious. All employees are very polite and helpful. I always get the tacos, but have tried many things on the menu. All fresh and homemade. There is nothing I have to complain about there, no other Mexican food compares. I hope they never change.The gorditas are good. If you want tex mex, stick to superior grill, if you want authentic Mexican, come here.Definitely the most legit Mexican food I've had since moving to NOLA from the West Coast. Gratis chips and salsa, which in my opinion, is a MUST.
Flautas were tasty with shredded beef and topped with cojita cheese and the beans and rice were acceptable and fresh tasting.
My husband and daughter opted for enchiladas, both red and green. Red was the preferred sauce as the consensus was the green lacked spice. My son had a chimichanga smothered in red sauce and devoured the entire thing.
$3 for a coke was my biggest complaint, but the kids were happy with pineapple Jarritos and horchata like they get when they visit the grandparents in El Paso.
We will definitely be back to try the posole and the mole...and my husband can't turn down a chance to get some menudo.Have eyeballed this place every time we pass down Carrollton. Finally decided to take a shot. And definitely did not regret it. Great food, great prices, simple, efficient service. Though born here, I grew up in SoCal and have an appreciate for simple mexican food, and get tired of everything being TexMeX-ish. The pupusas were incredible (my wifes first) chile relleno actually impressed, and the mole was simple, solid, and scrumptious. And a Horchata washed it all down. will definitely be back.Best Mexican food in town. Some of the best mole I've ever had, and the chorizo will make you want to slap someone.Posole. Only on Thursdays. Best I've had in NOLA and I am from So-Cal, so I know posole and menudo (menudo is served on Sat). The carnitas are awesome and the the service is fast and friendly.Yesterday was my third time going to this great place in a week as I wanted to bring some friends.  The first time I went was just a week ago.  Love the authentic Mexican fare and all of the servers I have had are very nice, attentive and speak perfect English.
Prices are very reasonable and the green sauce in the squeeze bottle they bring to your table is spicy and wonderful.  A friend of mine and I shared the parillada for two yesterday and it was slammin; full of chicken, beef, shrimp, sausage, peppers and onions.  Served with two plates of rice, beans, salad, avocado, lime and tortillas.  Enchiladas with red sauce and flautas are also great.  Check it out...If you are looking for authentic Mexican food in New Orleans - go here! The food is great and they have menudo on the weekend, and they open at 9:00 AM on weekends for those Saturday/Sunday breakfasts that scream for menudo after a late night the night before. BF also got huevos rancheros, great dish with really good beans and a hunk of queso fresco and avacado. Going to head back to try some tacos!Favorite Mexican restaurant in New Orleans. I've been on numerous occasions and for the most part, I always ordered the Chilaquiles. Everything is so good here though and you won't be disappointed.
Plus they give you HUGE glasses of water that they refill regularly and give you great chips and salsa on the house.I love little low key restaurants that serve authentic (I'm no authenticity expert but at least you know it's not like 'fusion'!) food! After walking past a few times and thinking "hey! We should come here!" We finally stopped in for dinner on a Sunday night. About  20 minutes later, the place was packed (a good sign!). We ordered the guac...a must if you are dining out with me at a Mexican place. I ordered the camarones a la diabla (spicy shrimp) and the waitress double checked to make sure I knew it was a spicy. It's one of my favorite dishes so yea..I knew. But man, it was spicy. I love spice but it was bordering too much for me. Luckily it was served with a dish full of non spicy items...rice, beans, lettuce, tortillas..so I was okay. 
We didn't do this, but FYI..you can go next door to the bar to get a to-go drink and bring it into the restaurant (who does not offer alcoholic beverages). Gotta love NOLA. 
We will definitely return!Great start. Friendly servers. Huaraches were delicious. The dish they served the salsa in was the size of a to-go dressing container so don't expect anything reasonable to dip your chips in. Ordered the queso for $4.25 and doesn't come with chips. Pay the extra $1.50 for chips, and they're stale AF. Won't be back. Was looking forward to coming here and just left disappointed.Disappointing after seeing such good reviews.  If you just want large servings at pretty low prices then go here, but you wont get much flavor or anything special or unique.  Too bad.Great authentic Mexican food, especially the baleadas and various breakfast dishes. Have never had less than a perfect meal here with really great service every time. Oh, and don't tell them, but their prices are way too low for how good the food is!This place is as of yet far the most authentic Taqueria I've found here. It's a little more geared towards south Mexico foods, though, so even the relatively tex-mex options on the menu are garnished in So-Me style. This might be related to the "Taqueria Guerrero" name, as that is one of the 31 states of Mexico, conveniently located in the southern part of Mexico. Acapulco is in it. Gringo geography lesson. 
Apparently some other reviewers did not make this distinction. 
Food is delicious. Fantastic. Great. It's flavorful, the salsa is spicy, they have Jarritos to drink, it's very nice. I was not very impressed with the vegetarian options (mainly because I like cheese in my Mexican food, but that is actually a tex-mex thing and not a Mexico proper thing) but the chorizo chimichanga was delicious. 
One day I'll try something really southern like sopes or something. 
(p.s. I can't pronounce Guerrero either)Yay Taqueria Guerrero!
Here's a good, authentic Mexican restaurant in New Orleans. I felt like I was in old Mehico.. ;)
I can only review the one dish that I had: Huevos Rancheros for breakfast. This was preceded by the complimentary, fresh, chips & salsa. The service was very friendly and when the dish came I knew I wouldn't be able to finish it. It was a nice, large plate of food. The dish was as good as any average eatery in Mexico that I've been to. It's not the best I've had, but it definitely took me right back to humble eateries south of the border. 
Total for a big breakfast with a drink and free chips y salsa $11 including tip.A gem in New Orleans. I would recommend the shrimp cocktail - very generous portion that's absolutely packed with flavor; what it might lack in the variety of seafood, it makes up for with just more shrimp (which is fine by me!). We also got a torta, which was quite good but not nearly as memorable as the cocktail. Definitely worth a try if you're looking for authentic Mexican fare in a place where you're not necessarily expecting to find it.Consistently good and the green sauce rules! I don't have to pay for chips and salsa nor is my bill $75 for two people at a Mexican place. Only downside is no alcoholic beverages.Only authentic Mexican place I've found in the New Orleans area. Everything was cooked perfectly with the exception of the chicken that was a bit dry and under seasoned.This place has authentic Mexican food, not tex-mex. The restaurant itself even has an air of authenticity; not too fancy.
The food is great and perfectly seasoned. The tamales are delicious, so are the pupusas. The staff is friendly. This place is also quite reasonable price-wise. The only downside is that there is no beer served but you can get some from next door so that is easy enough to overcome.Really good, really authentic Mexico City style mexican food.  Tacos al Pastor are excellent.  The tostadas are good too, except the seafood one was made with low quality canned shrimp.  If you're lucky you might score a pan dulce (sweet roll) to take home with you for breakfast tomorrow.  Look for them at the counter.Decent food, which the restaraunt layout had more thought put into it. The chips and salsa were great (being the only redeeming part of the restaraunt), with the salsa being quite unique and a side of spicy sauce came with it which was good. The cheese dip was fantastic as well, but the main issue came with the entree. I ordered the steak fajita, and it was more onions than steak for me. Very little meet came with the dish, and the tortilla bread was underwhelming. The beans that came on the side were satisfying, though. The restaraunt's layout in total was unappealing, with nothing really unique to it except a few classic bottles of soft drinks they had next to the order counter. Overall, I wouldn't bring anyone who was visiting me here, but I'm happy I tried it.While we were visiting NOLA we decided to try this place. I ordered the nachos, the plate was loaded with lettuce & not much of anything else. My toddler enjoyed the fajita tacos though.Holy Mole! --as in Pablano. Wonderful rich Mole drenched chicken. Delicious Pig Enchiladas. Really spicey hot salsa!  Amazing Flan. Very reasonably priced, fresh authentic home cooked food. Service was warm, friendly and swift. And did I say amazing flan?- worth saying again.I thought I had wrote a review for here before but when things are nice I have no problem writing twice. For starters they have great chips and salsa with an excellent green jalapeño dipping sauce.  Taqueria Guerrero was a great experience and one of the best most authentic Mexican meals I have had in New Orleans. I had the enchiladas with verde sauce and it was excellent. My friend had the beef soup and that was ridiculously good with huge pieces of brisket and veggies. Come here for your legit Mexican fix.My bf & I are in NOLA for holidays, visiting his family. Since I love Mexican food so much he suggested I find a Mexican restaurant - I chose Taqueria Guerrero.
We went during the last 2 hours of the day, just enough business that it wasn't packed and noisy, but not empty either.
Complimentary tortilla chips are thick! A plus for me.
His order: Camarones a la Diabla (spicy shrimp); flavorful, but too spicy (for him). I tried it, it was great!
My order: Enchiladas 6 enchiladas con carne + chiles toreados (roasted jalapeños). Enchiladas were 1/2 chicken, 1/2 lengua, buried under shredded lettuce, with melted cheese, salsa verde, and crema Mexicana. The meat was so tender it melted in your mouth, especially the lengua! The chiles toreados were firm and meaty, nice roasted flavor but not spicy.This Mid-City Taqueria serves authentic Mexican staples. It is a no-frills kind of place that doesn't even have a liquor license to serve Mexican beers, but is happy to send you next door to get something to-go from their neighbor, The Red Door. They do have lots of Mexican Cokes and other sodas though!
On our last visit we had some beef tacos (3 for $7.75) and the bean tostadas (2 for $8). The beef was super flavorful and topped with a mix of chopped onions and fresh cilantro and served on doubled corned tortillas. The tosada had generous smears of re-fried beans, sour cream, guacamole and was topped with some shredded lettuce and crumbled queso fresco.
A little slice of Mexico right here in Mid-City. It's the real deal y'all.Great green salsa my favorite. Great burritos and also chilaquiles. Always come here for either quick take out or a weekend breakfast.Since moving here, I've searched tirelessly to find great tacos in New Orleans. I finally found them today during lunch at Taqueria Guerrero in Mid-City. I ordered un taco de lengua y dos pastor.... every single component of these tacos is perfect. I should've put a ring on it, like Beyonce told me to. Don't take my word for it. See for yourself @ Taqueria Guerrero
I give them an easy 10/10Food was not good and the customer service was horrible. Waiter was rude.  I would not recommend this placebest mexican food in new orleans, hands down.If you like no frills food with all the flavor, this place is for you. I had the 3 taco plate with beef and it was delicious. Just enough food at a great price. 
The chips and salsa they bring out is nice and flavorful. Definitely not store bought and when I tell you this salsa tastes like it was made by someone's grandma...it does. The verde sauce they bring out is a little spicy but it went so well with the delicious tacos.
The service in this place is great. Also, they have telemundo on if you're into that. 
I will be back to try the pupusas I saw on the menu but was too full to order. The good lord knows I'm a sucker for those.Since finding this Mexican jewel last week, I have been there three times. The pupusas are the best I have ever eaten. The tacos are fresh and tasty and the tamales are simply to die for. They also have a green sauce that is served with the chips that is wonderful. The staff are awesome. Just a great experience.Taqueria Guerrero is a decent mexican place.  You'll find pretty much everything you'd see at other mexican places at relatively good prices.
I ordered my favorite mexican dish, Chiles Rellenos.  My girl got enchiladas.  The chiles rellenos was prepared a little differently than I'm used to, perhaps a different batter and stuffing, but was alright.  They brang out little corn tortillas with it gave the meal an interesting twist as I made chiles rellenos  tacos with the beans and rice and lettuce they gave me.  That was surprisingly fun, but my quest for the perfect chiles rellenos in N.O. continues.  
I'll probably be back when I want good cheap mexican food.So, I'm going to  add a review of my own for Taqueria Guerero.
This place has never failed to be amazing.
I have ben here, maybe a half dozen times with my wife, and other friends, and the food
Is always dead spot on AWESOME!
I come here on Sundays, because the Menudo is some of the best in the city.
My only beef with the Menudo, is no Hominy in the Menudo, otherwise, it is AWESOME
The Tamale app, is EPIC!
2 Tamales, HUGE tamales, Tasty tamales, for $5.00?
I mean, come on.. in NOLA  we have grown accustomed to being raped for food prices
With the tacit understanding that "Hey, this is New Orleans, we just pay more for good food!"
Well, NO MORE my friend.
Whoever whines about the prices here, go elsewhere..
The quality will not be near as good, the food nowhere near as tasty, and the authenticity, nowhere near where Guerero is.
This place is a Hidden Gem in NOLA and I kind of hope it stays that way..
I love the fact that I can always get a table, an no wait.
But I will sacrifice the wait time, if only to queue you in on the best little taqueria in the 504.
Go here, try it, love it, and let me know when you do..
And when you are done with dinner, or lunch, or whatever, head over to Brocatos for some Gelato:
http://www.yelp.com/biz/angelo-brocato-new-orleans
That is how you make it a SCHWEET meal..
Still Big, Still Easy, Still your DadyVery good Mexican food.  More authentic than say, Taqueria Corona.  Some of the wait staff does not know English.  Plus they have the ultra classy red/white checkered vinyl tablecloths for your eating pleasure.  I recommend hitting up the gelataria next door afterwards.SO good. Get the agua fresca! Hell get anything and you won't be disappointed. Oh wait, I take that back. Don't get the Cactus Tacos, they are not really much to run home about. But the rest of the menu is super delicious. It's pretty affordable by New Orleans standards, and I kind of like that it's right by Brocato's for dessert.Cold chips, poor customer service (the waiter ran out to ask me if I had paid for my check?!!) and the worse chimichanga I have ever had, this place sucks, not getting my business nor recommendations.Ever had lunch at your tío and tia's house? Taqueria Guerrero is just like that. Roll of paper towels on the table included! 
This is a no frills restaurant with complimentary chips and salsa with quality (genuinely authentic to boot) food and service. Large menu but reasonably priced food and generous portions. Self seated, pay at the counter.
So what are you waiting for? If you're on this side of town come on in and get your Mexican food cravings covered as you watch a fútbol match and listen to songs that will transport you back to the memories of eating menudo around the table with your family. 
¡Buen provecho!Currently moved to NOLA from Chicago and was looking for a yummy place to grab and go for lunch. I ordered their Tacos al pastor, Asada, lengua (for my husband) pupusas mixtas and baleadas sencillas. Tacos were pretty good and satisfying, they have a good amount of protein, onion, and cilantro. The pupusas were definitely a good 9/10 and the baleadas were amazing! Makes me feel at home. Definitely recommend this place and these meals. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because I didn't dine in and I wouldn't know how the customer service is at this location.We had lunch here today.  We had tried this place some decade ago, and were not impressed.  But recent great Yelp reviews brought us in for "Caldo de Res", Mexican style beef & vegetable soup. 
Unlike prior visits, everything was good, to very good today.  
The servings of caldo and beef were enormous; had we known, we'd have split one.
The usual chips, salsa, etc were OK.
Seems that something here has happened to improve the food, service, and appearance of the place.
This will be back on our "to visit" list, as we saw some other offerings that looked very good, too.
Stay tuned,
RickFirst off, the good, place had awesome nachos, the enchiladas rojas were great, the mini tacos de asada we're good as well. Horchata is homemade, and the tamarindo water is delicious as well. The flour tortillas are very, very good. I loved them. The green salsa is something we're used to down here in South Texas, so we loved it. Very delicious. Now, unfortunately for the bad, prices are super expensive! We were just driving thru N.O., so I'm not familiar with standard pricing here but, for someone coming from San Antonio, it was too expensive for us. Let me give you an example, I had the nachos. In SA they run around $8 normally for a huge plate in most taquerias. Here, they were $13. Quite a difference. The place was a little dirty, could've just been because it was almost closing time and hey hadn't had a chance to clean up, restrooms were super dirty. We arrived around 40 mins before closing and were told by the waiter that we need to hurry up and order because they wanted to close the kitchen already. He was nice after that, and very accommodating, but we felt that him saying that was a tiny bit rude. The neighborhood is not a great one, parking is very sparse and hard to find. We parked two blocks away. All in all, if you're used to the prices, and don't mind a little walk, or a little dirty, the food is actually real good. Try the fruit waters, they're delicious.Beware gringos, this is not Americanized Mexican or TexMex. And the staff speaks Spanish much better than they do English, which I kinda like--a badge of their authenticity? But if you want authentic, delicious, and cheap Mexican food in NOLA, TG is your place. 
But you don't need Spanish, do you? Because I just posted their menu for you, and it has pictures on it.  I mean, did you come for the conversation or for the food? The menu even has numbers on it, so just tell'm "numero tres," or point. Then have a seat, sit down, eat, and smile. 
I can vouch for the awesomeness of their chiles rellenos, pupusas and tacos pastores, so far, but I plan to continue working my way through the menu. Can't beat the central, Mid-city location on Carrollton, can you? And I think that the comments here by other yelpers about the decor are a little unfair. It isn't fancy by any standard, but it is very clean and nicer than I expected after reading other reviews here. 
The only bummer is that they don't serve alcohol, but that means you can bring your own. Hard to bring a Margarita though, like the one you can get at "Juan's Flying Burrito" down the street, but in my opinion, the food here is much better and cheaper, so nine times out of ten, I go here and BMOB, or get take out and make the margaritas at home. 
Besides, the juices and horchata here are as tasty as they are refreshing, so who needs alcohol? They have really killer seafood and savory soups as well, which will improve your mood on rainy days. This review is starting to sound like an advertisement, but after not trying this place due to its outward appearance for some time, it was the food that made me a believer, and I think you'll agree. A book by its cover, right? 
Anyway, it's the kind of place I am likely to return to often for the flavor and for the deal, a much appreciated piece of Mexico right here in Mid-city. 
Vivan los guerreros!So, as I wandered into TG for a Sunday evening meal with my two kids in town I had no idea that I would be entering myself into one of the most enduring culinary battles that Mexican Cuisine has known.
Oaxaca Mole vs Puebla Mole..
Now, to be fair, I had grown up loving, eating consuming Oaxaca Mole.
Lighter in color, richer in taste, slightly sweet, slightly spicy with an aroma and flavor pallet to delight and amaze the senses.
I had no idea that Puebla Mole existed, and save it for a deviation from my normal dining choice, I never would have.
You see for me, if I am in this restaurant on a Sunday, or Saturday that means I order the Menudo.
A soup so beautifully flavored and nostalgic it is my go to favorite anywhere I go.
And Guerero makes and amazing Menudo.
However on this night, I decided to venture out and try their Menudo, not knowing how far from my native Menudo this dish would take me.
The dish arrives, and you immediately know this is not your Abuella's Mole..
Dark.. so dark it is almost sinister.
A sprinkling of toasted sesame seeds.
Served with rice and beans, it almost looks like the Mole you are used to.. almost.
Then, you bite.
No, this is not the Mole of your childhood, the base is the same, but playing in the background are spices that do not seem to belong there, while at the same time making perfect sense.
You detect Anise, Cinnamon and cloves.
This is a new Mole, at least to me it was.
Now I am not going to take sides in this Mole competition.
At least not that I'll tell..
I just recommend that you go to Taqueria Guerrero and try their Mole.
It will leave you speechless, and so wishing the chicken they had placed the sauce on had been ten times it's size.
For while ample in portion, you can never really get enough of this Mole..Easy five stars! This has turned into one of my go-to take out spots. Favorite item on the menu is the pupusas. Chimichanga is huge and soooooo delicious (and it heats up well for a second... or third meal).All signs point to yes!
Our waiter is a Los Angeleno, they have a phone card reload center in the middle of the restaurant, horchata, they give you 6 enchiladas per order, the menu has its own translator section, chips & salsa at your table, you get a whole avacado on your plate, there is a Mexican family dining to our left, tamales, & I might just cry.The most authentic, best Mexican food in town-- hands down. Mmmm mole and horchataWhen I moved to the neighborhood I would stare at the blue awning quite often and wonder how it was.  With Juan's down the street you'd think they'd be competing.  They are in a a sense, but if you're a fan of traditional, home cooked mexican, Juan's is just a tasty hipster joint with ZERO latinos working the kitchen (as far as I've witnessed).  Guerrero is family run, sometimes literally having one of their kids sitting at a table coloring.  
I like going there for the smaller dishes like the Huarache and tomales.  Apparently I have a thing for cornmeal.  The huarache is a grilled cornmeal "pancake" topped with a choice of meat (I love the chorizo, but sometimes go with the tongue), refried beans, cheese, lettuce and sour cream. It's one of the cheaper items on the menu but still super filling.  
The chips and salsa are wonderful.  The creamy green salsa can be pretty hot so I save it to toss it on top of my food where it won't do too much damage.
Get the horchata if you are hungover, something about cinnamon rice water is so amazing.  Other things I would definitely suggest are the enchiladas, mole poblano, chile rellenos.  They even have chicken nuggets for the friend who comes along but can be picky/afraid of the food (they're obviously store bought, but my friend once got the dino shaped nuggets which I was so happy about because she's in her 30's, haha).
The service is wonderful and I sometimes try out my spanish, but it's embarrassing so it's not that often.  It is a very sweet and familial little place.  In comparison to Juan's or the incoming Felipe's (both of which I love) Guerrero is still my favorite because it has the much more adventurous items (tongue, whole fish) that will remind you of food you've eaten while traveling abroad.The food was bad the service was terrible and they don't know how to cook their descriptions on the menu are incorrect and they overcharge for everythingPretty good authentic Mexican food with friendly and fast service. They're just missing a bar, so no margaritas sadly :(THEY QUIT MAKING THEIR JALAPEÑO SAUCE!
My favorite and primary reason to go there. Why get rid of a creation that is so unique that they sold it by the pint?
MY FRIEND GOT VIOLENTLY ILL ON THEIR BEEF
Tuesday. He's from Texas. Strong stomach. Said his quesadilla tasted weird. But it was Guerrero so he trusted it. It's now Sunday and he's still unsteady.
SAD DAY.
No motivation to return.
...well so much for authenticity it's back to Superior Grillordered enchiladas and fajita's. we were not impressed. will not be going back. not sure why our experience was different from others.My husband and I wanted authentic Mexican food and we were so thankful to find this little gem! The tacos & guacamole was fresh and yummy. The menudo was extremely well seasoned and the best my husband has ever had. 
It was the perfect hangover food! Also, if you would like dessert- head next door to the bakery for some homemade gelato!!My friends have always told me that I just have to go to Taqueria Guerrero.  Anybody that knows me knows that I love tacos, chips/salsa, enchiladas, etc. more than any other food.  But honestly, it's never been at the top of my list for me because I can think of a handful of other Mexican restaurants that I go to regularly simply to support them and give them consistent business.  Bad reasoning, but you get the point.  Up until the other night, that is.  A few friends and I stopped in there late one night to get some much needed grub after we realized that the Juan's wait was near 30 minutes.  Nope.  We were a little too hungry for that.  
First things first, the restaurant was practically empty.  We sat down and were immediately served waters.  Unfortunately, they stop serving chips and salsa (for free) an hour before close.  I kind of understand where they're coming from with that, but at the same time I have no idea if that's actually a thing or just something the waiter said.  :(  Aside from that, the service was so fast and great!  My pork tacos were amazing, and I had a bite of my boyfriend's chicken tacos which were equally delicious.  The queso that we ordered was super hot and flavorful.  Not to mention, everything was so affordable.  
Great experience all around-- would definitely come in again.Love love love this place! The owners & staff are so sweet & friendly. Cute & cozy atmosphere; and all the food is delicious. I highly recommend the pupusas!!! But i haven't had anything that I didnt like. And a lot of food for the price. Great budget friendly menu with a large menu selection. This is my #1 go to spot for Mexican food in theI like the staff here and that it never seems to be super busy. They don't have my beloved fish tacos though and i like the lengua better at Taqueris Corona/ Was very disappointed in my taco al pastor, it's probably the worst I've ever tried. To be daring, we ordered the huarache and the baleado. Huarache, good choice, baleado, bland. Horchata is tasty! It's cheap and close to home but not my favorite.FLAUTAS! I love them! The portions are big and the food is delicious, this place is legit! This restaurant doesn't try to be something that it's not, it's a chill place to grab a soda and a delicious meal! Take-out or eat in - I love you Taqueria Guerrero!It's a quaint joint not fancy but will not disappoint you.  We started off with the  Queso it had Cilantro and onions in it, very flavorable.  There's a squeeze bottle of goodness that is placed on the table with the chips, maybe a jalapeño and cilantro cream which was awesome.  I had the Spicy Shrimp the where served with onions and bell peppers, rice, beans and tortillas.  It was fantastic but a warning they were spicy.  The rest of the table a taco salad with fresh Avocado sliced on top for got two thumbs up. We Also enjoyed the Carne Asada which was delicious. It's a must try in Mid City.Nachos are super cheesy and they give you more than your hips should handle. Been here a few times and I can't get myself to order anything different.This is the most authentic Mexican food we have had since moving to NOLA. The beef and chicken we got was freshly cooked and real - not old and dry like some restaurants serve. The menu is small and is Mexican so it was hard to know what you were getting. They bring you a little basket of chips when you arrive and refills cost $1.50!! What is Mexican without loads of hot chips?????This place is nothing fancy but the food is fantastic. The salsa verde that they serve with the chips is avocado based - it's nice and spicy. The guacamole is awesome. I also tasted my friend's steak tacos. Unfortunately, I wasn't too hungry when I went here. I hope to go back soon so I can taste more menu items.Friendly staff , clean  
but food has no taste at all
reasonable prices, portions are a good size
will not visit or recommend this restaurantI'm from Tucson, a true Mexican cuisine mecca, and just found this place.  It's not only as good as Tucson, it gives my city a run for its money! Also, the guy who seems to be in charge is really warm and professional. Some of the best food I've had in my year age a half in NOLA.In this modest vehicular path adjacent Earthling structure devoted to inserting various manifestations of flattened grain plants into one's digestive tract, you will find a heightened pleasure to your molecular sample receptors previously unknown to the typical long-term neural storage networks clustered within an average American bipedal primate's hardened calcium-enclosed neck weight.
* Would you like the ion channels in your own muscular hydrostat to absorb the altogether similar ions in the sliced up muscular hydrostat of a previously homeostatically metabolizing bovine pasture mammal, within the confines of what is called a "chimichanga"?
* Would you like to experience the unborn embryos of a grain-fattened generally flightless bird in a "ranch" sauce, aside repeatedly lipid-heated legumes and gaseous-water thermodynamically-accelerated paddy-cultivated cereal grains with even some coagulated infant-feeding protein fluid to complete the meal?
* Would you like to rehydrate with a disaccharide-enhanced carbohydrate solution derived from the rectangular cell-walled pulp of numerous species of ripened flowering non-human ovaries?
The answer to all of these is the creation of the sound: "Sí". Other acceptable pressure wave transmissions are: hai, ja, oui, da, yebo, and YES.
For those reading this long after it has no longer become acceptable to exchange dried flattened soups of plant flesh, or magnetically-encoded series of 0s and 1s denoting stored "value", please take note: a visit here requires very little, as of this date established by the 2013th orbit (relative to the planet's only man born without the contribution of spermatozoa) of the third planet from the fairly nominal ball of fusing hydrogen in this particular galactic spiral arm.
P.S. Earth is hilarious.The food and service were both great. The prices are incredibly fair. We had enchiladas and a gordita. Salsa that comes with the chips is delicious. Will absolutely be back!I had been looking for some good menudo for a while and finally found it here! It had the perfect amount of spice and came with all the fixings. I will definitely be back!The best. Nothing in the city compares in my honest opinion.
The chimichanga is massive and delicious.
The enchiladas knock it out of the park.
DO NOT sleep on the green creamy jalapeño sauce on the table. 
My girlfriend loves the carnitas tacos add crema and the green sauce. It's really damn good.Favorite favorite favorite for authentic Mexican!! It's one of the only places in Orleans parish that serves menudo and I'm in love with menudo -
Especially on Sundays after a long weekend!! Their tacos are super authentic, you feel like you're eating them from a taco stand in Mexico and the staff is so friendly. If you haven't found menudo in NOLA, yet THIS IS YOUR SPOT.Authentic and fresh food. Really fast and great service. Best nachos/burritos in New Orleans