I've picked up from Taqueria Corona about 3 times now.  It's our go-to spot for take out Mexican.  Admittedly, we haven't found a lot of good Mexican restaurants in Uptown.  Go figure.  
We order mostly the fish tacos which are respectable.  In fact, it's the only taco that we have liked from Taqueria Corona.  The carne asada is pretty pathetic.  The tortilla is decent, so they are halfway there.  But the meat is dry and not well seasoned.  So the saving grace of TC is their fish tacos.  My cousin who recommended the place told me not to waste my time with anything but the fish tacos.  He's an idiot, so of course I ordered other stuff.  Turns out he is a genius.  Only the fish tacos are good. And they are just good, not killer.  They have a respectable few thick pieces of unknown fish lightly battered and served under a spicy tarter sauce.  I'd rate them a 3.5/5.  
The people are nice and food is reasonably priced.  Stick with the fish tacos and you should have a very decent meal.My favorite Mexican restaurant in the city! The guacamole is excellent. The Metairie location is just as great!I live around the corner and haven't taken enough advantage! Taqueria Corona is a super cute and cozy restaurant. There aren't many places like this on Magazine, where you feel like you're eating dinner at home. They have an open kitchen and you can eat at the bar and watch the food being made. 
Get the guacamole to start. Simple and delicious. Chips are thin and crunchy, just the way I like it! I usually get the tacos. Fried fish tacos are my favorite! Not tiny either, two pieces of fish, great flavor. Two tacos easily fill me up. The burritos are MASSIVE. I'm pretty sure anyone who finishes one will be stuffed. Easily shared or taken home for left overs. I tried the tostada for the first time the other day. I really liked it. I love the crunch of the hard shell. The beans and sauce provided enough flavor and juiciness without making the tostada soggy. Don't forget to ask for the hot sauces! They'll bring you a rack of three to choose from. I've enjoyed everything I've had here, including the margaritas. Portions are generous in size and it's super affordable. I'll definitely be coming back!The food is super tasty -- one of my favorite mexican places in the area.  Service can be slow at time, but it's definitely yummy.Garbage. They microwave the food, have store bought guacamole, and over-cheese everything they put in front of you. I did get hammered and manage to put down a few tequila shots and 6 beers. Took em way too long to bring me my cool crispy pops though.this was one of those places where you expect good & cheap mexican food. what you get instead is bland & expensive. the waiter never refilled our drinks. chips & salsa are NOT on the house. this place is so not worth it!Recently moved to the city and was in desperate need of a good Mexican restaurant and boy have I found it in this place! The service is wonderful with such a friendly waitstaff. Food is outstanding!! And the carne asada tacos are out of this world. I have only lived here for a month and I've already visited three times! Just a great meal every time I go!Mmm....tacos. This place does the trick if you need a fix :)Love the ceviche, only served on Fridays and Saturdays.   It is crazy good and I really want to turn the bowl up and drink every last drop of this deliciousness, but my mother taught me manners Southern style, so I must be satisfied with all that I can get on my spoon!     It is usually served in a parfait type glass dish with little chucks of avocado and lime quarters on top, so it is not only tasty but pretty.    Wish I had some right now!      The fish tacos used to be my favorite and if it is not Friday or Saturday, that's usually what I order.   There is a sign up that says Best Fish Tacos and I believe that theirs is probably in the top 3 in New Orleans.   I think the chips and pico should be complimentary, but they are not.   And if pico is gone before your chips, you will have to pay for extra.       Oh, and the margaritas are pretty good too.   All in all, our most favorite neighborhood restaurant.Let me start by stating that I LOVE Mexican food! I really LOVE it! And Taqueria Corona is up there with some of the best I have had around town. 
Their Margarita's are very strong and very good! We usually order a pitcher and split it. They also have really fresh pico de gallo. 
For your main course there are three things that I love. In order of how much I love them; Chicken Taco Pizza, California Burrito, and Fish Tacos. All of them are very tasty and make your belly happy, but all are great for different reasons. If you love, I mean really love cheese (and I do!) get the pizza. I think there is enough cheese on it to fill a bucket. And they throw some beans and chicken in there somewhere and melt it all together. YUM! If you are extremely hungry, try the California burrito, it really is the size of California. I have only been able to finish it once. And if you are in the mood for something less filling and more healthy (I didn't say healthy, just more healthy) order a pair of the fish tacos. The red cabbage topping is really good! 
Oh and the toilets in the bathroom sit up on thrones! Very funny!This is the original of the TC's and my least favorite. As much as I like the little hole in the wall homey feel, parking is usually pretty tough in the area, and there is frequently a long wait for a table. The food is great (as with any TC), but I'd suggest one of the other locations over this one.Not worth it. The guacamole was discolored from being exposed to air. This doesn't change the taste, but seriously, how hard is it to cover it up in the fridge or put it in an airtight plastic container? Come on.
I'm spoiled being from San Francisco, but the California burrito was nothing of the sort. It was far, far too wet, and not tightly rolled enough. The meat was bland and tasteless.
The people were nice, and the service was good (even though they were watching a world cup match) but the food is just bland.Lousy Mexican food. Try Casa Borrega instead.I really like this place.  Some people tell me the don't, but I don't understand why not.  I used to live next door to Mexico (yes, next to the fence) and this food is TJ (Tijuana) style.  It's very good, authentic food and at a great price.  I will definitely keep coming back!Providing basically edible but in no way either good or Mexican food, this place seems to thrive only on account of margaritas and a clientele that isn't paying much attention to the multiple embarrassments clearly visible in its kitchen.  It's a cuisine I'd really call Gringo-Mex, prepared with a palpable lack of care or freshness. For instance, although the menu loudly and implausibly assures you the tacos are "just like in Mexico," their tortillas come straight out of a bag, and the burritos are similarly wrapped in a stiff, dry, stale industrially produced flour tortilla.  Orders involving any substitution or omissions seem to need to be sent back more often than not.  
And what's worse, many orders come straight out of the microwave ovens (at least 3 are clearly visible and constantly in use in the kitchen, so you can watch from your seat at the bar if you feel like having your taste insulted).  Or I should say insulted again, after being charged three or four bucks for chips from a bag and "pico de gallo" that weirdly seems like it might be cooked or from a jar.  And indeed, the total lack of care in the food here is palpable in every airport-Chipotle-quality bite.
I can't fathom how this place has so many good reviews. It makes Panchita's or Macarena look like good restaurants, and that's not easy to do.I've only ever been here for weekend lunch. While the food is not terrible, it just doesn't jump out at you. I usually go for a combo plate with a taco, burrito, and flauta (numero uno). I like their shredded chicken better than their mushy ground beef. Maybe next time I go, I'll check out these burritos I've been reading about.
Service is slow, although they are very nice, and prices are slightly high. However, you do get a lot of food. I do love the feel inside, as it is very festive.The tacos here is where its at! I had the tongue, the rib eye, and the fish taco and they were all phenomenal, and pretty big! The flavor in the meats was amazing and the tortilla wasn't too heavy, and kept all the saucyness at bay. Service was very polite
Guac isn't very good though,that'd be my only complaint. And that they refill their table salsa jars with store bought stuff, instead of homemade. But the tacos are so good you really don't need the table sauces, cause the Pico is delicious! 
Really good prices too, around $3.5-$4 for each taco,and they are good filling size!I have been going to Taqueria for years. They have numerous dishes I enjoy. The food is good and, moreover, the price is right. In addition, the location is great and everyone who works there is really nice. I'd suggest all locals check it out! Admittedly, the chips aren't free. Normally that would annoy me, but their pico de gallo is so good that I give it a pass.I wasn't thrilled with the rather unfriendly (non-friendly is probably a better word) waiter, but the place looks nice, inside. The beef taco salad was excellent and for $6.59, not a bad deal, considering it has about the same amount of food in it, but is half the price of the entrees. I think the main thing that irks people about Taqueria Corona is the fact that they offer no lunch specials and charge extra for chips & salsa, whereas most others give that for free. RJTIt's awesome. One of the hidden gems on Magazine Street, Taqueria Corona serves some of the best Mexican food I've had in my life. I mentioned this to a friend from California, and his initial reaction was that you can't get good Mexican outside of California. I twisted his arm into going a couple weeks ago, and he promptly changed his mind. The thing I like the best about this place is the owner (or the man who I assume is the owner). He's always there. Always positive. Always friendly. He's got one of the most inviting personalities I've ever met. I just want to hang out with him. The other thing that impresses me is that even on cInco de mayo, they get orders out fast. Additionally, they have an open kitchen and they hussle. Open kitchens are always a bonus. The burritos and tacos are excellent, as are the pitchers of margaritas. Skip Felipe's and give Taqueria Corona a try.Solid authentic Mexican food. Their guacamole is very good - has to be made fresh there. Salsa for the chips is also fresh but more like pico - not much kick. Excellent tacos - of all sorts. We did a sampler; shrimp, fish, pork, americano, carne. All were very good. Avoid the Mexican pizza unless you like a gelatinous mass of melted cheese (I don't). Margaritas are wonderful - if your table is having more than three, go with the pitcher. Sangria is also tasty. Kids had flan for dessert; it was just "okay".One of my favorite Mexican restaurants.  Well-prepared grilled meats and veggies.  Really tart, refreshing Margaritas.  Serving staff is friendly and helpful.  Friendly dining atmosphere with nearly all locals and ew tourists.  Tight timeframes for being open make it necessary to be lucky or plan ahead, especially around lunchtime.  Friendly atmosphere and a standout for welcoming children. A pleasant, relaxed place to be, with a slightly exotic feel of a Central American resort.  The sauces are flavorful, not the sweet glop found in chains.Service isn't the fastest, but the deliciousness of the tacos makes up for it.  The fish taco was quite possibly the best I've ever had.  My boyfriend is in love with the steak taco.  Affordable, quality food.  Can't beat it!Good Mexican food in an El Salvadoran-kind way. Really good shrimp tacos. One big demerit - I ordered some crispy tacos to go, and they use food-service ready-made stale taco shells. I mean, I like soft tacos and all, but sometimes crispy is nice, too. I fry my own at home - is it really too much trouble for a restaurant to do the same?Decent Mexican food.  I wouldn't call it authentic by any means, but it's still tasty.  Places that have better and more authentic food usually don't have any atmosphere, so this place gets props for that.I'm updating my review because after eating at Taqueria Corona a few more times and trying out additional menu items, I know have to say that I enjoy the food. The ribeye tacos are particularly good. Although I'm not fond of the ground beef tacos, I know think it's more a matter of personal taste than actual quality. 
One downside, however, is service, which can be spotty. A few times I've waited way too long for refills and the bill. Also, the margaritas are a bit pricey for the size. Still, Taqueria Corona has really grown on me.This place was just awful. To all sit-down Mexican restaurants: If you do not serve complementary chips and salsa, I WILL NOT GO BACK! Yes, you may feel as though you're losing money on extra supplies, but you're gaining customer retention (take Superior Grill for example). Now let's move on to that disgusting taco pizza that you would have to pay me to eat that again. It was basically bland refried bean slop on top of a top of a couple tortilla shells. If you want a Mexican pizza, go to Taco Bell; it'll be more satisfying than what I had. The only decent item that was ordered between me and the person i went with was the margarita, and even that was mediocre. To top everything off, the waiter wasn't friendly at all, and our water cups empty almost the entire time. If you want good Mexican food, don't go to this place.Ick. I love enchiladas and judge tex mex restaurants by their enchiladas. I asked what sauce comes on each one (like meat sauce with a cheese enchilada? or tomatillo with chicken?). Our waiter informed me it is "riviera sauce". Ok...what is that? He couldn't even tell me. So I ordered a cheese enchilada and shrimp enchilada. My cheese enchilada cost $5.00; the shrimp was like $6.25. I had to order rice for an extra $1.25. Kinda overpriced for what we got but for New Orleans it seems par for the course. 
We had to ask the waiter for chips and salsa (which we did not get charged for so I assume they are complimentary). We both ordered enchiladas and they are COVERED, and I mean COVERED with cheese. My friend commented how it tastes like a pizza because of the ridiculous amount of cheese and it really did look like a pizza. Its like they stuck the plate in a pizza oven and let the cheese brown. I wouldn't have minded the browned up cheese if there had only been a quarter of the cheese, not to mention I should have never ordered a cheese enchilada. Also I could have only ordered one and it would have been adequate (for a smaller appetite anyway). My rice was cold. All I remember from the meal is the cheese and how much my stomach hurt after because I had to eat it.
Our waiter completely disappeared. We had to ask another waitress for a check. Finally our waiter returned and had our check, promptly took our credit cards (which he offered to split by what we ordered which was nice, although he got it wrong) but took almost 10 minutes before he bothered to go to the computer to run our cards because he was busy.
I would not recommend this place to anyone.The tall, large, older man with glasses basically blocked me from entering because they closed at 2:00...it was only 1:50. I mean, I get it, he wants to go on break and I would've left but my friend that I was meeting had just been seated by a different employee. Let's just say, this dude was NOT happy about having to serve us. Before I literally touched the menu, let alone glanced at it, he coldly said, "Do you know what you want?"  I was pretty scared of him and didn't want to piss him off anymore than I already had (sorry for existing, bud) so I ordered the first thing I saw which was the chicken quesadilla. I nervously asked for light cheese, bracing myself for a possible punch in the face by this clearly disgruntled and very intimidating man. 
No punch in the face. 
Relieved. 
Then my food came. 
Sadness. 
I ended up getting a cheese Only quesadilla with extra cheese. Was this Opposite Day? And When I say extra cheese, I mean this bad boy would send a lactose intolerant person to their death bed. I just ripped it apart, and pretended to eat it  because I was just over the entire situation. So yea, it sucked. We all have bad days, but that dude needs to take a Xanax and crank up his hearing aid. 
On the plus side, the woman who seated my friend and told us goodbye was extremely polite and courteous. 
...but yea...that dude... :'(Not bad, but not the authentic Baja I was looking for.  The shrimp taco just came with a sauce and the fish taco was a bit bland. I would go back because I did go near closing.  The staff was very friendly.Best fish taco in town.  Period.Mexican - not Tex-Mex. So happy to find that food here isn't slathered in salsa and cheese. 
Wonderfully seasoned beef in the steak taco and big, tender shrimp in the flauta. Try the mole sauce in the black beans - yummy! Service was outstanding.My favorite taco place in the city. I do not generally like fish tacos, and lead the tragic life of being a picky eater...so let me tell you about how these fish tacos changed my life! Haha. My boyfriend and I live close (both originally from Birmingham, Al). We have been going to Taqueria Corona for these fish tacos since 2008. Always friendly staff, always magical fish tacos. We always (just about) order two fish tacos each, with chips/pico/guac, and cokes to drink. We normally don't get sodas, but their coke tastes wonderful for some reason! We consider that a rare treat. The guac is amazing. Pico is amazing. Cheese dip, we prefer elsewhere-we like the white cheese (Americanized I think...). I sometimes get the cheese and chicken quesadilla (which sounds like nothing special, but is really something incredible too) and we split that. Pro tip- if you get an appetizer with chips, tacos, AND a quesadilla for two people, you probably won't be able to finish...I have been getting instead (when I didn't want leftovers or we wanted a little cheaper bill) a chicken and cheese only taco. One of our favorite waiters said this was basically the same as the quesadilla-same quality cheese and chicken, but a smaller portion! I prefer no pico, but you can leave it as it comes if you wish! I get no cabbage on my tacos because I feel it's a little bitter for my taste, but even if I forget on accident to say it-they're still fabulous! We are regulars, and they always laugh and say "see you tomorrow!" As we leave. We will forever love our old waitress Jess who left for Panama recently, but love our other waiters and waitresses too! This place will always be special, because the first time I visited Josh in college from Birmingham, they let me sneak in the back and deliver their drinks-he was so surprised, and it was the best valentines gift ever! :)Absolutely terrible. Chicken taco was a tortilla with unseasoned dry chicken. No salsa, no cheese, nothing else. My bean and cheese burrito came with all the cheese melted on the outside of the burrito. It was inedible. Salsa and guacamole are sub par. Would not recommend this place to anyone.Good place for a quick, cheap, and casual dinner. The alcohol is expensive and the sangria tastes like a wine cooler from the bottle, but really I wasn't expecting high class here.
All of the food was delicious and plentiful, the staff was pleasant. Standard Tex-Mex style. Everything is made to order and tasted fresh, as promised. They also do take out. 
Good alternative to Felipe's, I would definitely come here again.Don't want to oversell it but its some of the best Mexican food in the metro area. Some of the best fish tacos we have ever had and the margaritas are great.
If the made the guacamole table side it would get 5 stars."Good not great" would be an accurate description.
Had dinner here on the advice of a friend. I had NO CLUE this place even existed, but hey, Magazine St. is a long street! I really like the atmosphere of the restaurant. We were seated by a window so that we could look out as we ate and that was nice. 
I ordered the taco salad with chicken. It was okay. I liked that there were huge hunks of chicken in it, but there wasn't nearly enough of it. The salad also came with lettuce, black olives, cheese, sour cream and guacamole. Honestly, the shell was kind of stale but it wasn't terrible. I hear that the tacos are amazing, so I will be getting those if I go back.
All in all, not as great as my beloved Felipe's, but still a valid spot if you are looking for quick Mexican food.The touristy, pseudo-festive, Wal-Mart-Mexican atmosphere only reinforces the blandest 'Mexican' food anywhere. Quesadilla? No detectable flavor. Taco? The same. It really doesn't matter what you order, because it's all flavorless. It seems designed to appeal to people who have never had real Mexican.
Our waiter disappeared toward the end of the meal. Perhaps he had an epiphany and was overcome by shame at the food he was serving. He eventually made his way back to us.
On the other hand, it's pretty good if your relatives are visiting from, say, Detroit, and don't want anything "too spicy." They'll be quite happy.One of my more favorite Mexican restaurants in New Orleans last night was a HUGE disappointment on the customer service front.   Advertised hours on Saturday night are until 9:30pm.  At 8:45pm my son and I showed up in the rain to get a great meal.  They had a closed sign on the door and told us they wouldn't let us in because it was so "slow" they closed early.  That's reason enough for me to NEVER eat there again.  Terrible business etiquette, terrible customer service...it's how you lose once loyal customers.  Good thing lots of great Mexican restaurants have opened in NOLA lately.Small Mexican spot on Magazine. Think of it as fast food Mexican that you can sit down for. Their queso dip is delicious though, super good. I had the chicken taco salad and it was good, kinda smaller then I expected but not bad. Overall, I'd come again since it was so affordable.It was decided that last Friday was a night for margaritas. We arrived at a very busy restaurant where there was little space to wait. We sat down and realized we were surrounded by small children. Luckily, this did not damper our thirst for tequila-based drinks. Eventually, our waitress arrived and took our order. We ordered the small pitcher of margaritas and were disappointed with the size it was for the price. The taste helped to decrease our disappointment.
After another short wait, our waitress took our appetizer order. The chips were tasty (especially the free second basket which was warm). I enjoyed the salsa although it was really, really cold when it first came out. My friend said their guac was good, but they could have used more.
Our waitress did not return for our entree order until we were halfway through the appetizer. I ordered the combination platter with the chicken taco, chicken burrito, and beef flauta. This will probably surprised you as it does most people, but I am not a huge fan of cheese and was disappointed to learn that I could not get my beef flauta without it, not was I offerred a replacement option. I got it anyhow to give it a shot and ended up eating some of the deliciously fried tortilla around the outside. My taco and burrito were excellent. The chicken was spicy and the proportions of ingredients worked perfectly. The black beans were well seasoned but the rice had developed a bit of hardness around the outside of its ice cream scoop shape, making me wonder how long it had been sitting out.
Overall, I enjoyed my dinner, but they could have used more staff, both front and back of house, to handle the large crowd. I had plenty of food and drink and left feeling full and happy. I will definitely go back, probably on a night when not so many people should be there.I've been going to Taqueria Corona off and on for the last 3 years.  Coming from a part of the country that has exceptional Mexican food - I was not expecting much.  Overall, I've generally liked the tacos here, generally preferring the carne asada, cheese and american tacos.  I also have enjoyed the beef and tongue california burritos.  
While this is certainly not the quality of food you'll receive in Texas, California, or the midwest, its pretty good and relatively cheap.  I've never had anything that just wows me - but its good to grab a quick bite from time to time.I was surprised to see so many mediocre reviews, so here is my take. My husband (critical of restaurants as a native N.O. usually is)  and I have been going 1-2 times a month, to this, the original Taqueria Corona, since it opened years ago; it is one of our "regular" restaurants. We find it better and  more consistent than the other local Mexican franchise which we no longer frequent after several bad meals and indifferent, rude service. We have NEVER had a bad meal here or bad service.  It is a good local neighborhood restaurant.  That's just what it is. Menu-- We always get chips and pico de gallo (fresh) to start (not free, true). His fav is #3-- 3 tacos, 1 burrito, 1 flauta (very cheesy), rice and beans, and a side salad. He is a big eater yet usually takes something home. He uses the "black sauce," a table condiment which has a delicious hot smoky taste-- too hot for me except by drops. He is a big eater and still usually takes something home.  We always get chips and pico de gallo (fresh) to start.  I vary, but usually get something with grilled chicken (the item they do BEST, delicious) --- the dinner, Mexican pizza (very cheesy, use the black sauce), tacos, California burrito (huge and yes it has iceberg lettuce and guacamole), tacocado salad, a side salad (all with chicken). I like both soups too,  cebolittos (grilled onions with salt), the ribeye taco and the fish taco with cabbage (caveat-- fried breaded cod). My daughter (13) is always gets an appetizer queso fundito (hot cheese dip and chips) as an entree. Margaritas are acceptable -- we occasional order by the pitcher with an extra shot (preferred).  Decent assortment of bottled beer. Barq's available by bottles.  We find the service hospitable and pretty good unless it is packed, (which it always is on Fri and Sat evenings, especially between 7-9), then it is understandably a little slow. The owner and managers are kind and will absolutely take care of any issue you might find-- just ask.Went here with coworkers for lunch.  We ordered chip and salsa.  The salsa was very fresh and good.  We all ordered taco salads.  They were great. Will be back.  Needs a little improvement on service.Pretty good tacos. Not my fave in the city. Just a note - no free chips and salsa.This place is NOT that great. I'd give it three stars, but am frankly astonished by all of the 5 star reviews and need to show everyone the TRUTH. This is mediocre mexican food in every sense of the word. I came in expecting a delicious meal, but was sorely disappointed. The food is basically bland and uninspired. If you want a Mexican "Applebee's" experience, make your way to Taqueria Corona and you'll have the time of your life with a plate of average food. If you want some real delicious mexican food , please do yourself a favor and head to Felipe's or Juan's instead.Of all the locations, this is my favorite.  Mostly because it holds sweet memories with my love.  The service is always super fast and always right.   They are also very friendly.   
The one thing that I couldn't quite put into words about this place but I became obvious after I recently brought one of my daughters here.  I caught her looking around constantly, pointing out new things and wondering who the multiple pics and paint were (Pancho Villa) , it was the general atmosphere.  Its cozy. Homey.  Cluttered and a big open space at the same time.  It really is a great location.
Parking is a bear. The restaurant is at a part of Magazine that doesnt allow parking in front because there is no room.  Night time parking for women can be scary I am sure.
The food I think has been covered well by others but I will say that it is consistantly awesome every time.  I havent been on a off night ever.  Crowded or dead empty inside, its always greatNot terrible but not the best. Their Guacamole is pretty good. And I did enjoy their Fish tacos. Though I still contend that Taqueria Guerrero on Canal is the best authentic mexican place that I've tried in the city so far.Great place for Mexican food, we come here often, the service has always been good & prices great for uptown.  We also catch their weekend brunch from time to time.I have mixed feelings for writing such a review. But to be honest, their menu is disappointingly sparse, their food blandly uninteresting, and their atmosphere mediocre. Though I enjoy their attempt, it is almost more disappointing to want to like a place so much but instead be left wanting so much more.I've tried to give this place a number of chances but I have uniformly bad experiences. Mediocre tacos - old tasting fish and shrimp, bland sides and the excessive use of a microwave definitely leave me confused as to how this place is so popular.  Ahhh wait, good margaritas - but surely no excuse for the poor foodI crave their flautas and fish tacos from time to time. They are such sinful treats that deserve 5 stars alone. The rest of the food I've had there is very good. They are often busy and the waitstaff deals with it well.Go someplace else.  First of all no self respecting mexican place makes you pay for chips and salsa!  Its very bean and salt based.  Its also very expensive for what you actually get.  You cant even swap things out on certain platters.  Ive been here multiple times expecting different results.  This unfortunately is my neighborhood mexican joint.  This place lacks creativity, flavor, presentation and originality.  Im comparing this to the other mexican joints in the area.  My personal favorites in descending order are el gato negro, juans flying burrito, superior grill, felipes.  Its worth driving the extra mile to get to one of those places.  This place is probably staying in business because its the only mexican place in this neighborhood and they use cheap ingredients and use a lot of them to make you feel like your getting a lot but in actuality you are getting very little protein.  I just feel ripped off every time i come.  Roach coach Taco trucks in la at 3 am are much better.Good food, nice staff. Can't go wrong with tacos and margaritas are awesomeI think Mexicans everywhere need to unite and picket outside of Taqueria Corona for saying that they serve Mexican Food there. If I could give a Negative 2 rating I would.  The only good thing at this restaurant was the young female waitress who gave us great service. The food was over fried or cooked in the microwave. I am not kidding. They cook their burritos in the microwave. 
Now let me tell you about the worst Mexican food I have ever had in my life, and this includes Taco Bell. That's right, this place is worse than Taco Bell.  
We ordered 2 fish tacos, a shrimp flauta and a California Burrito. They were all disgusting. The fish and flauta were very over fried. It seemed that they had fried them three times already and then refried it to order. When I bit into the fish taco, which had tartar sauce on it (I think to disguise the flavor), greasy oil burst into my mouth. The shrimp flauta should have been called the Triple Fried Flauta with half a piece of frozen shrimp in it. 
The worst thing we ate was the California Burrito, which makes every crappy 4 a.m burrito I ever had in college seem like the best food in the world. This "California Burrito" was obviously heated by a microwave. They put shredded iceberg lettuce inside the burrito and nuke it, so when you get the burrito it is soggy, disgusting, and undeniabley the worst burrito in the world!  
I am not trying to slam this place because again the waitress was really good, but I cannot believe this place is allowed to be open. Absolutely disgusting and shameful.  Anyone that gives a good review for this place either is married to the owner's daughter, or has never had Mexican food before. 
Save yourself money and a stomach ache and go buy a can of refried beans and some tortillas. You will save 25 bucks and it will taste better. Just throw it in the microwave like they do! 
Don't eat here unless you like bad ingredients that are cooked in the microwave or deep fried to disguise the flavor.Huge disappointment.  This place was recommended to me by several people after I voiced that I wasn't sure I would be trying Mexican food while living in NOLA.  It's overpriced for mediocre food.  NEVER a good combo.  There are much better places...ahem, El Gato Negro...for good mexican food and better prices.Came here with my SO for lunch one day a while ago.  We were allowed to sit anywhere and chose a table next to the front window.  The waiter took a minute to bring our waters, at which point we ordered some Queso Fundido dip.  The dip was pretty good, but seems pricey for what it is - cheese, sausage, spices.  
I got a couple American tacos - ground beef, lettuce, cheddar cheese & salsa in a
crispy taco shell - and my SO got a couple steak tacos.  We were both very pleased with the flavors, quality, and quantity of our main dishes.  The only think lacking was the service.  We sat with empty waters for too long, and it was just a bit overall slow.This place is laughable. If you enjoy the food here, your head would explode if you had anything resembling real Mexican or Tex-Mex. I grew up in San Antonio, and the stuff Corona serves is a joke, and far overpriced for what it is. 
Tortillas taste like they're made of paper.  Refried BLACK beans, really? Spanish rice is just white rice with orange coloring, tastes like plain white rice. No free chips and salsa? Chicken burrito only comes with chicken chunks and beans; where's the cheese and veggies? Where are the peppers? Everything is bland. Guacamole is always brown. Cubed chicken breast, really?  Where's the stewed shredded chicken? I could go on and on. 
The two decent things: flautas were ok, but the garbage tortillas really take away from it. Salsa verde is acceptable.Great authentic Mexican food. Love the tongue tacos and the shrimp quezadillas. 
Dip is overpriced.
Highly recommended.If you are looking for real Mexican food, this is your best bet in town (notwithstanding the hot trucks that came after Katrina).
The highlights of course, are the tacos.  Very basic, but delicious.  A friend from Nicaragua convinced me to try the beef tongue taco and it was amazing.  Chorizo, fish, shrimp, and the standard meats are there as well.  Their shrimp flautas are perfect.  The taco salad is the best in the city by far (I prefer the shrimp myself).
They do a great job with pico de gallo and cebollitas.
I'm partial to the Magazine St location for the ambience, but there is a consistency in quality among all three (which I've eaten at).I have loved TC since it opened (er, I can't believe, almost 20 years ago). Way  back then I loved their chicken, in tacos, burritos or enchiladas. Now I don't eat chickens but we still eat there every chance we get (the Metairie location is convenient for us who cross the bridge). Yes, the burritos and enchiladas are not really Mexican or Tex-Mex, so if that's what I want, I go somewhere else (preferably New Mexico or Texas).
For Vegetarians, the best part is the no meat/lard black  beans. Thick, dark and creamy. Served with orange rice. ymmm. If it's cold out, get the black  bean soup, if it's warm (usually) get the salad. It's cheap too. I also love the pico, so much better than most restaurant salsa this side of the Red River, lots of onion, cilantro and slightly acidic. It's not free tho. Cebollitos (grilled green onions) are yummy too, but we never order them (why is that? next time I will). If you eat fish and shellfish, the fish taco is the best. Crispy pieces of white fish, spicy sauce kind of like tartar but better and cool red cabbage in a flour tortilla. Now, the best part- the SHRIMP FLAUTA. I don't know what the other reviewer meant by doughy, it's a tortilla, it's dough. It is a flour tortilla tho, not corn, but that's what makes it so good! Crispy shell wrapped around little nuggest of popcorn shrimp in every bite with lots of gooey cheese. Heaven.The best mexican food I've found yet in New Orleans.  Amazing tacos.  Delicious."Taqueria Bell Carona" .
Hrm...I don't want to write a long and drawn out review, but at the same time, I have so many things that are worth mentioning about this experience.
So I guess I'll do bullet-points.
-No chips and salsa. What makes yours so special that you need to charge 4 bucks or so for them? Nothing actually. Much better chips from Pupuseria Divino Corazon. 
-A waitress tried to take our order as she we sat down, not having even picked up the menus.
-Then. Same waitress immediately came back to take our order when the Girly went to the bathroom.
-Lets not even get into those funky after-thought bathrooms. If you are a dude with bad knees, over-weight or tall, you will kill yourself trying to climb Mount-HUGE-Throne. It's a game of thrones where no one wins.
-No Fajitas.
-Tiny tacos at higher than normal prices. Seriously. If I wanted to pay that much for a taco, I'd go to the Taceaux Loceaux truck where I know they will be awesome.
-Around 4 bucks for a Flauta that was smaller than the pencils we used in 1st grade and seemed to be re-fried bean baby food. No meat flavor. Cold in the middle.
-A chicken enchilada that was so small it fit into a saucer sized dish. Mostly cheese and with red, blood-filled chicken pieces. This freaked the Girly the F-out! 
-Tiny, stingy portions in General. The only ones who seemed to think the sizes were ok happened to be a group of girls in the front who look like poster-women for Bulimia Weekly. Seriously. None of them weighed as much as their chairs. Cheek-bones that could cut diamonds.
-Everything seemed to be microwaved. The food was cold on the inside but molten on the outside.
-$20 bucks for bad service, a baby food Flauta, a baby sized enchilada a beer and a tea. We left hungry (and the Girly was scared she might get sick from the under-cooked chicken)
It takes a LOT for the Girly to dislike a Mexican restaurant. A LOT. She's an addict. But not only did she HATE this place, she actually encouraged me to write a 1 star review. She HATES when I'm hard of a restaurant but the entire experience actually made her mad because it was so bad.
I would only recommend this place to people with no teeth and good knees and a questionable taste in baby-food.
But if you ladies want a laugh, ask a guy you are with to open the bathroom door and see the ridiculousness of their "throne" room.Best fish tacos I've ever had! Also I really like their rice and beans. The staff is always super friendly and margaritas are strong. The atmosphere is relaxed and you won't be waiting forever for a table like some of the other popular Mexican restaurants in New Orleans.Best Mexican food in town! Always consistent, great margherita's too! Good service,very clean but the food is what keeps you going backblech.  really guys?  not good. at all. not even for a fix in this  barren desert of Mexican food that is Nola.  we had a burrito, enchilada, flauta and a taco--none of it was even passable.  lots of fake cheese(I think my flauta had Velveeta in it), watery, bland and in some spots uncooked chicken and weird sweet salsa.  the guacamole was brownish green and we got there right when they opened. AND you have to pay for chips that are definitely not made there and the aforementioned icky sweet pico.I had lunch here today for the first time in years, and I was a little underwhelmed.
First off, it took forever to find s parking spot, and it was a rainy Thursday afternoon! Really? I was hangry to begin with, so tack on an additional 10 minutes of driving around with my mom and tween daughter in the car giving me driving directions and parking suggestions, and you have a live bomb in the driver's seat. 
Once we were greeted and seated the waiter took our order and our food came not too long after. Luckily they weren't very busy, and I wasn't forced to chew off my own arm.
I ordered a fish taco, and an order of beans and rice.  Their fish taco - at any of their locations - is my favorite taco IN THE WORLD.  I was pretty disappointed today. The crust was mushy!!!!!! Aaaagh!!! After all of that driving around, listening to my mom and daughter tell me how to drive, just knowing that when my fish taco arrived it would all have been worth it, and all would be right with the world. NOT. 
Yep, the crust was mushy. Where was the crunchy, crispy goodness that was created to cradle the perfectly fried fish inside? Where???? As I said earlier, I was hangry - so I ate it. The tartar sauce was still amazingly tangy and delicious, and the cabbage was fresh and crunchy. It filled me up and I felt human again, but I just felt a little cheated. Just a tiny bit. 
Well, I'll definitely visit this location again someday, and when I do I'll be hoping for that crispy crust.  This is not the end of my relationship with Uptown Taqueria Corona.I'd like to try this place again. All I really remember is the crying of a couple of kids. Food and service was good.this is more like peruvian/ecuadorian food than mexican.
awesome.  
carne asade wah?
cebollitas are a must, mibble them with everything.  ive never had better chorizo anywhere, or for that matter more tolerable tongue.  Glad i'm typing, no way i could say that.  When i say this is not mexican, i say that its not tex-mex.  No salsa.  No queso.  Excellent guac.  Excellent Pico de gallo.
may favorite is the chicken mexican pizza:
on a six inch plate lays a flour tortilla, black refried beans (sooo good, even for a bean eatin town), layers of fire grilled lime-infested chicken nestled in the mud, another torilla, more beans, more chicken, all covered in a mix if white and yellow mexican cheeses (real cheese!  Don't be fooled by impostors!), lovingly nestled up to a salamander (broiler) flame to sizzle and brown and merge flavors into deliciousness.  Not for the weak-on-cheese hearted.  I want one now.  
Now!For a quick, fried, and filling Mexican dinner this is the place to go. The service was very fast, the food came out within fifteen minutes of being seated and the staff was very prompt with drink orders. 
I wouldn't say the food was great, but it was very good. The Mexican food I know and crave is more California/Western Mexican, and out in New Orleans there is more TexMex/Eastern Mexican cuisine. It's just a little different for me. But it was still good. 
One thing that I noticed was the number of families eating in the restaurant. It was obviously very kid friendly and affordable. The location is a plus too.My husband and I came in during dinner hour on a Saturday night. We're regulars here, but we've never seen it this busy. As such, I was prepared to wait a while for the food (no worries -- we had a pitcher of margarita, which is not watered down), but the food came promptly and was served with a smile. Great place if you're looking for delicious food that won't break the bank.If you're in the mood for a change of pace from Cajun/Creole food, this is a great place to grab dinner. The combination plates give you a chance to try a little of everything (like beef in one thing and shrimp in another). We found the prices reasonable, the portions generous, and the service excellent. The only drawback is that it's a popular family place and about half the tables have little kids, so try to choose your table carefully.Big portions but very bland mexican food.  The guacomole had a tinny taste to it.  It was not freshly prepared.  The pico di gallo had no cilantro and absolutely no heat.  It seemed to be made of tomato and onion only.  Blah.
They need to rethink their Numero Dos plate that includes a black bean enchilada with a side order of black beans.  The chicken and beef tacos were bland. Portions were large.
The room is pleasant with a nice view of the street and nice original artwork on the walls.  Our server was pleasant but she seemed inexperienced. 
I really want to like this place but they need to unlock the spice cabinet.Mexican pizza will be my new go to! The queso dip is also my favorite. Friendly and very helpful staff.Authentic Mexican.  Short menu.  Fresh ingredients.  Juan the dishwasher sold me a painting he made of my house.  Tiny drinks.  Great Uptown Magazine Street spot.I had such a fantastic experiance here, It has become main staple of my diet. For someone who is very concerned with Quantity Taquiria Corona does not dissappoint. They have the biggest burrito in town (the california) for $9. 
The number 2 special could easily be split by 2 people 
The staff has always been friendly, and attentive. The atmosphere is laid back, nothing to fancy. They aren't trying to be cooler than they are, they are just giving you a great product at a great price.
Only issue, in the last 3 months, I go weekly, is that I had a fork with some food residue left on it, I brought it to the waiters attention and he promptly switched it out!
LOVE THIS PLACEI went to Taqueria Corona because I have been told by many people that it was the best Mexican food in New Orleans.  
The staff was courteous and friendly, and the space was certainly inviting enough, definitely a family friendly restaurant.  
We ordered the guacamole, this is a pivotal point on where I tend to judge most taquerias.  If you are going to serve it, it has to be fresh, this was anything but.  Flavorless green glop that had obviously been sitting around.  Not made to order, but blended in a food processor and scooped out of a tray...I saw it behind the counter looking sad and filled with browning guac.  
The tacos were simply meh...everything was slathered in warm pico de gallo that seemed like it was poured from a can.  We salvaged our eats, pork, steak and shrimp tacos with some cilantro and onions we requested and scooped most of the pico to the side.  A squirt of lime made helped make them edible.  
Save your pennies and head over to Taqueria Guerrero on Carrolton for much more authentic Mexican eats.When are they not busy?  Rita's are good, queso is great, and whatever cheese they use in the quesidillas is addictive. The service isn't all the great, half the time we have to flag the waiter, but given how small the restaurant is, it's not that big of a deal.I've gone to this restaurant for years, and the food is consistently good, mid-range Tex Mex. However, the customer service is AWFUL when it's crowded. Staff doesn't communicate well with each other or with guests--When we arrived we were reluctant to stay since a few larger parties (families with kids) walked in before us. So we asked the visibly overwhelmed hostess how long the wait would be, and to our surprise she said she'd clear a two top for us. She ended up pushing that table together with a four top to make room for the family of six. Understandable, but when we asked the manager 10 minutes later how long the wait would be, he flipped out, saying I was being "too sensitive." We were hungry and not in the mood to wait since there are plenty of restaurants on Magazine, not to mention NOLA. Needless to say, we won't be returning any time soon--Especially since the service at the new Juan's down the street was spectacular.We ordered take out since it is close to our house. The California burrito was poorly wrapped, kind of slimy, and had the wrong meat in it (we ordered the pork, received the chicken). The chicken also had a very acidic salsa taste.
We also ordered guacamole and chips - with the one burrito this meal cost like $16.00. 
Wish we had a cheap, good burrito place uptown NOLA!Best fish tacos in the city and a delicious family establishment. The guacamole could be a little better, so it doesn't get 5 stars from me, but this is one of the best mexican restaurants in NOLANot vegetarian friendly. No free chips and salsa. Not very flavorful or interesting in any way. Wasn't the worst food but wasn't worth the price. I had the fish tacos and something else I can't remember.Tacqueria Corona is one of my two favorite Mexican restaurants in town.  I hit them whenever I'm craving authentic Mexican.  The queso fundido is huge and delicious and definitely give the ceballitos a try-- charred green onions with lime juiice squeezed on top. One of the most surprising dishes I've ever had and loved.  The enchilada is heavenly and deadly all at once.Good for kids, loud and vibrant. Servers too obviously concerned with tip only. Like everything half assed and slow until the check comes!My favorite place for real Mexican tacos. I could eat here once a week but I am good and stay away.  Love love love that they have re-fried black beans instead of those pinto beans every other place has. I love fish, chicken, shrimp, american and cheese tacos. The taco salad and the Mexican pizzas are awesome too, Don't forget the cebollitas, chips and pico and guacamole. The margaritas are pretty good too. Sometimes they like to rush you out if they are busy, but nobody says you have to leave, just keep ordering more margaritas!My compadres and I ended up walking 25 blocks in relatively cold weather to get here, but it was worth it.  The food was not fantastic, but you got a lot of it for the price, it was hot, and it got to us with relative speed.  
We started with a pitcher of margaritas which were quite good.  I ended up getting a fish taco, a chicken and bean burrito and a beef flauta, one of their combination platters that make up most of the dinner menu.  The taco was by far the best thing on the plate, as good a fish taco as I've had in San Diego (or Pesky's St. Augustine Fl).  The burrito was just ok and the flauta was too doughy-- not enough meat for the shell.  The beans and rice weren't the best I've ever had, but decent.  
Cons: you have to order chips and salsa for an appetizer; I asked for a side of AVOCADO and was brought (and charged for) a side of GUACAMOLE which is clearly not the same thing.  It was also crowded and noisy, but what do you expect from an inexpensive mexican place?  Overall good, recommended for Mexican in NOa good mexican restaurant in a place i wasn't really expecting to find any.  fresh ingredients, tasty tacos, decent service, fair prices.I loooove this place! The food is delicious! I usually get fish tacos or a burritos. It's so good, I'm hungry just thinking about it... They have a spicy sauce that they keep on every table it's black and it's really good I asked many times how they make it lol they won't tell me... I understand.
The environment is nice too, I never had to wait outside to eat there... I never waited to eat anywhere... I don't like that too much... But ummm it's hard to find parkingI felt like I was in Mexico here with the flag of Mexico colors and pinatas hanging from the ceiling near the wood bar. Very comfortable wood tables and chairs. The ice cold Sangria by the pitcher was divinely delicious after walking down Magazine Street in the sun. They brought it immediately and we drank two pitchers! 
The fish tacos are the best I've ever had! Very light flakey fresh fish, lightly fried with shredded red cabbage and a pink sauce with a kick. They have a trio of red, green and black pepper sauce. You have to try them all! Your choice of homemade soft corn tortilla, soft flour tortilla or hard corn tortilla. The price was $3.50 or $3.95 a piece...something like that and WELL worth it!!!
I highly recommend the Cebollitas, a bunch of charbroiled green onions, sprinkled with seasoned salt and lime. We've never tasted green onions so yummy in our entire life. We could have eaten an entire bowl of these but after I finished the first two tacos and ordered a third one, it was impossible!
Guacamole and Chips: The fresh guacamole was supposed to have tomatoes, onions and peppers...it was missing the tomatoes and was a bit bland. The chips were fresh, light and crisp just how I like them...I probably would opt for the pico de gallo salsa next time.
My husband came back after using the men's restroom laughing hysterically....you have to take a stroll back and check out the King's throne in there. Hilarious!
Also I must mention, our waiter was fantastic and friendly! They close at 2:00 PM for lunch and we ran over a bit, but they were all nice.
I recommend this place to anyone visiting New Orleans and locals alike. Lots of cute shops on Magazine Street and away from the stench of the French Quarter.Fish tacos and shrimp flautas from here are literally the best thing ever. I have to close my eyes and savor every moment of each bite. Even the taco salads are delicious. I've never had one bad thing from here. I love this place. Been going here since high school.This is my family's favorite restaurant.  We love the fish tacos, shrimp flauta, and house salad the best but everything is wonderful.One of my favorite places to go. The food is great and you get alot of bang for your buck. The margarita's are also really good and the staff is very friendly. Definitely one of the better Mexican restaurant's in the city, if not the best. The california burritos are huge, the enchiladas are loaded with cheese, and the tacos are awesome.Moved from New Orleans after Katrina and couldn't wait to move back...why? Because I love sitting at the bar at taqueria corona and getting warm over the grill, while sipping tequila and eating great food like the fish tacos and black bean soup! Thank you t.c.Very solid, old-school mexican resto just on Magazine street. My dad used to love this place - I reckon it's better at lunch than dinner (that could be the price changes). Good beer selection but I always end up spending more than I wanted to..Mexican food?  Really?   Taco Bell is better.. I'm not joking.  This place is filthy.. There was a live roach escorting me as I left the bathroom.  I know NOLA doesn't really have any good Mexican Food places (if u know one, please let me know) but this place should be shut down.Followers of our taco list will know that we have a few criteria when judging tacos: 1) taco or taqueria will ideally be in the name of the venue 2) quantity vs quality maxim that I can't quite define but know it when I taste it. We'd been meaning to hit up this local "Mexican" stalwart and so had high hopes -- too high. I mean, it was good (the fish tacos are a highlight; everything else was disappointing) but it didn't satisfy #2. Portions sizes are pretty big (a turnoff, surprisingly, for a taco place -- we like our tacos small, and double-tortilla'd, neither of which you get here) and if you're going for Americanized Mexican, you'll probably be happy. Margaritas were tasty, as were the chips and guac. Seems better suited for a sit-down happy hour kind of deal rather than dinner. Next time we'll know what we're getting into and will be able to enjoy it a little more. If we go back at all.Great service, good food for the price.  I'm definitely a fan.As I've said in previous reviews of "Mexican food" or "Mexican style" restaurants here in New Orleans,  I'm having trouble finding authentic Mexican food. I came a little closer here, but again fell short. Maybe I was spoiled growing up in Chicago, eating at friends houses, and working in a neighborhood Mexican grocery store, but it's just not sitting right. I may have to resign myself to just waiting till I get back to Chicago,  or flying to Mexico for lunch, lol. 
Anyway, here it is. 
The doors here are half doors, and only one side was open, and I'm a big guy, so I had to squeeze in. I swear, I heard a "pop" like a champagne cork when I got thru. It was lunch service (they close midday, till dinner). There are about 10-12 tables. Decent decor. 
I ordered a house margarita, they only serve over ice, no frozen. Kind of small for $5.95, but tastes ok. 
THE FOOD:
Ordered a guacamole and chips appetizer  ($4.70), and again, disappointed at the guac. Smooth (maybe pureed) avocado (slightly overripe avocado by the dark color), minimal seasoning, I thought I tasted a TINY bit of garlic and a PINCH of lime. No onion, no salt. Store bought chips. 
For entree, I had a Numerous Uno y Medio. I had a tongue taco, and it comes with pico de gallo on it (traditionally lengua tacos have cilantro and onion) requested extra cilantro, and they gave me a mix of cilantro and onion,  so they KNOW what's supposed to go on there!! The pico, again no heat, no jalapeño. The tongue was tender and flavorful. The menu says tender and spicy, so I was expecting maybe lengua in salsa verde, no such luck, but I like tongue and the meat itself was good. 
Had a side of black beans and rice. The beans were real good.. the rice tasted like white rice with food coloring. Nothing special. 
The burrito offering is chicken OR bean. I asked for chicken. There was some chicken in it, but there were more beans than anything. The tortilla had a splotch of salsa on it. Like tomato juice, no flavor. 
A flauta comes with this, too. Beef or shrimp. I asked for beef. This flauta has a splotch of guacamole and a splotch of sour cream on it. 
I don't know what they did with the beef, but whatever filling it was didn't remind me of beef. It's kind of deep fried, like and egg roll. 
There is no parking for the business or on the immediate street, so I parked on the street 2 blocks away. 
I don't know. I think it was average for here, and WAY more expensive. I gave 3 stars, but still ..........lacking NOLA!!Good mexican food in New Orleans is hard to find. If you want true Mexican food, this really isn't your place.
However, they do have decent food and in particular their speciality seems to be burritos.
My complaint is that when you order chips and salsa, chips and queso, chips and pico, etc. if you run out of salsa, pico and ask for more then you have to pay for a whole new order. I'm pretty accustomed to mexican restaurants offering free chips and salsa, so having to pay for a new order just for new salsa seems pretty steep.
Their margaritas are pretty good and you can either get a glass or a pitcher.The food here is uniformly good to great; however, the 4 star rating is based almost entirely on their outstanding fish tacos.
Again, nothing that will knock your socks off beyond the tacos, but they are well worth the trip.This is our favorite Mexican establishment in the greater New Orleans area. The shining star of it all? The fish tacos! I recommend you order at least one fish taco during your visit & be sure to ask for the sauce caddy making a tour through the restaurant because the black sauce (sorry, no clue what this sauce is exactly) makes a tasty fish taco that much more tastier! 
Other excellent tacos include the steak & the shrimp. They have many other varieties (tongue anyone? None for me, thanks!) sure to interest anyone in your party. 
If you're needed a cheesy cheese fix, I highly recommend the cheese enchilada.
It's true...parking is a pain. Lucky for us, we live in the area and walk 100% of the time. No, you do not get free chips and salsa, but I haven't found free chips and salsa to be a guarantee at Mexican restaurants in the area, so it does not bother me. 
Atmosphere is fun & funky, drinks are delicious, fish tacos are THE BEST. We love T.C.I have eaten at this location twice. The first time I had a mexican pizza that was to die for and the second time...I don't remember what I had but I remember thinking it was just okay.Best fish tacos in town.  The sangria is delish too.Let me preface this by saying I'm from Dallas Texas where chips and salsa are free and the margarita are served in real cups.
We came here to try it out because we heard nice things about it. We ordered the pitcher of margaritas for $17.50, thought it would be a great deal, it wasn't. It was the smallest pitcher in the history of pitchers and the glasses to pour the margaritas were as big as shot glasses. I think they didn't want to give us a regular glass because we would find out that the pitcher is only good for about two full cups of drink.
The chips and salsa was $3.50. Where do they do that? Not in Dallas, and the salsa bowl was tiny, waaaaayyy more chips that salsa. Oh, and the happy hour is on Saturday 3-5, for $3.50 margaritas. You shouldn't come here and pay any more than that because the margarita cups are tiny.
Didn't eat because I was so disappointed in the drinks.....
The restaurant otherwise is clean. If you take a chance you may like it. But I couldn't get pass the small portions.This restaurant was a little disappointing. It's located in an area where food is king, and this place underperformed. I had the número tres (3 tacos, bean burrito, and shrimp flauta). It was a ton of food. The tacos were poor, but the flauta was PERFECT. The bean burrito was poor. Like I said, Magazine street is a great place to find a great restaurant. Don't waste your time on this one. Not terrible but not great either.Completely unwilling to make any substitutions.  I attempted to substitute beans instead of meat, which is a cost benefit to them.  The waitress replied they would make my taco without meat and I would have to pay the additional amount for a side of beans.  Completely ridiculous and unfair to the customers.I like the brunch on Sunday- no wait for a table and the huevos rancheros is good and reasonably priced. If you want free chips and salsa- go to Chili's.The best local taco joint anyone could ask for!  We eat here nearly every Sunday night, and the food is consistently great.  I always get the shrimp tacos, and their guacamole is the best around.  It's a fun atmosphere, friendly staff, and really good food at low prices.  We really love going here.I was here alone one night so I just sat at the bar. I've been living in Houston for the last 10 years and would eat at a Mexican restaurant at least once a week there. It's one of my favorite cuisines and I consider myself to be pretty familiar with what is good and what is bad.
I had a sangria. It was good, not special. Same with a house margarita. I was surprised that you had to PAY for chips and salsa...usually these are complimentary, no? I'll admit that I've not been to many taquerias, only actual restaurants, but almost $3.00 for chips and salsa had me saying the Spanish equivalent of "Sacre Bleu!"
In their defense, the salsa (chunky, pico-like) was amazing. So fresh. So yummy. So good. I ordered a fish taco based on the reviews and it was good, very similar to my go-to restaurant for fish tacos back in H-town. I'll go back to try more things out because it's just down the road and what I had so far was impressive, but I'm still SMH at paying for chips and salsa.
Service was good, I ended up leaving my go-box and the staff had put it up for me, figuring I'd be back.Merr... A friend and I got dinner to-go here last night and it was only so so.  Nothing was particularly delicious and I found it strange that the side salad had chicken in it.  I got the #1 y medio with a shrimp flouta and I DO NOT recommend it.  The shrimp were grosssss and the American taco fell apart.  
I think that if we ate it there, it might be a tad bit more enjoyable, but not sure.Best fish tacos I've had this side of the Sierras!  We had experienced variable experiences a couple of years ago but have now revisited Corona and it's back on our go-to list!  Great service and food.  I'm so glad!I'm glad we went here before checking the Yelp reviews because I think this cute little Mexican place warrants better than 3.5 stars. I had a delicious, refreshing margarita to start. The stuffed California burrito (vegetarian) was fabulous and filling. We enjoyed the guacamole with our excellent chips and salsa. Nice ambiance and excellent service.Two words: Fish Tacos 
OK, two more words: Bean Burrito 
Very casual, small Mexican restaurant that just happens to be one of the best in the city. As you enter and approach the bar you are greeted by a small, rustic looking sign that lauds the fish taco. It speaks the truth. This place has the best fish tacos I have tasted outside of the pacific time zone. Pieces of perfectly fried fish, a bit of spicy tarter sauce, a touch shredded purple cabbage, and a fine flour tortilla combine to make one hell of a fish sandwich. Gotta try one. 
The other favorite of the night was the simple bean burrito. The key word here is simple. Just one of those fine flour tortillas filled with spectacularly flavorful re-fried beans and finished with a touch of salsa. That's it. Nothing fancy. Just good. What a bean burrito should be. 
Other items sampled included the quite decent shrimp taco - small shrimp and some pico de gallo - very good as well. The carne asada taco was quite flavorful but I found the pieces of rib eye to be tad on the tough side. I wasn't overly thrilled by the shrimp flauta either - seemed a bit bland. 
Oh - chips and salsa aren't complimentary here. Didn't really bother me but apparently it was a bit upsetting to a patron at a nearby table. 
As far as beverages go there is your usual selection of margaritas (looked good but I didn't try one), a good selection of Mexican beers (my Dos Eqques was good and cold) and a few domestics. 
Service is very casual but quite friendly. The prices are extremely reasonable. 
Bottom line: I'll be back! Did I mention that the fish tacos totally rocked?FIsrt, I don't think this place is "Mexican"  -- rather it is Central American -- which you can tell because the food is so bland. 
The only good thing here --  that you can't get elsewhere -- are the cebollitos -- grilled green onions, that I wish some decent mexican joint would make so I would not be so willing to go along with my friends want to go there.  
Last time, I had Chicken enchilada thing (I think "MONERREY) that looked pretty but tasted blah and the chicken inside  looked like it was a processed cubed white meat -- not anything cooked fresh on the premises.  YECH.
The flan was nice.   And they did not ruin the bottled beer.
And if they are indeed Central American, then why do they have all this spirit of Mexico decorations.  
LOOK, Katrina brought Mexicans and real mexican food to New Orleans -- don't go to any place over 5 years old.I kind of miss the seat of the pants atmosphere TC had back in the late 80s.  But the fact that they've been around since then shows their quality.  Excellent values on the dinner plates.  Will custom make non-menu items for picky children.  Fabulous Sangria.This is my favorite Mexican place in town. If you have a big appetite, go for the California burrito which had the perfect mix of all things yummy in mexican good. I keep planning to post a picture of it but when it gets on the table I start to devour it and I forget.  You can also plan to split it with someone with an appetizer to make a yummy meal. 
The service is great. I love the hanging piñatas.
The cebollitas are yummy too. 
I have had the California burrito to go as well and it tastes just as good as when you get it in the restaurant. 
Enjoy!California burrito or número tres till I die... Been eating at both locations since I was of an age that I could count on 2 hands. My mom always brought me here. I've been able to out down the número tres since the early 90s. I love their authentic food that they make right in front of you. Dammit starting to get me hungry. Might have to walk down to TC on Magazine for lunch today.I went here a couple of times and the food was always sub-par. Service was ok, but not great either. There is much better Mexican and Latin American in the city.I lived right down the street from this place for two years and was disappointed over and over. Being from San Diego, I was always in search of good Mexican food in New Orleans but let me tell you, this is NOT the place.
To keep it short, the thing they wrap beans in is a sad excuse for a tortilla and the sour cream (not that sour cream should be on top of a burrito in the first place) resembles Crest toothpaste. Additionally, I prefer tradition refried beans to black beans, but that is more of a personal complaint. Taqueria Corona doesn't even make up for this with chips and salsa! What gives?!
I was recently informed this is El Salvadorian food and not Mexican food (hence my 2 stars). I guess I'm just not a fan of El Salvadorian cuisine. I recommend Felipe's for something closer to what I envision when I think of burritos.A friend took me here for the first time a few months ago, and I've been back atleast once a month.  I didn't have any high expectations, but I was pleasantly surprised.  
My favorites will have to be the carne a sada, and the fish tacos.  Wash down with a pitcher of margarittas.    Everything is always fresh, and well seasoned.  The waitstaff extrememely friendly and accomadating.  
This is a spot that I will frequent often, and introduce to friends.Excellent Mexican food. Good, fairly inexpensive tacos. Decent vegetarian options. The grilled green onion appetizer (cebollitas) with salt and lime is so friggin' good you'll weep. Mixed crowd (young folks and families). Sometimes there's a wait, but once you get your chow I don't think you'll remember. This is one of our favorite restaurants in New Orleans.Good, quality, simple Mexico street food. Amazing how we screw this up in Lafayette.It's hard to find good, authentic Mexican food in New Orleans - there has been a rise in trendy, expensive and very americanized places recently. Taqueria Corona is a gem if you're looking for good, cheap, authentic Mexican food at a simple place with a great atmosphere for a fun and casual dinner. The tacos are great, especially the beef tongue and shrimp. The California burrito is HUGE and delicious, and the flautas are undeniable. Service is always friendly, margaritas are a steal. 
I've tried Arana and Del Fuego, Felipes etc but I always come back to Taqueria Corona.I can't even remember being here, but I love Chips & Salsa & Queso & Margaritas so I'm sure I LOVED IT.Sampling the different tacos chorizo, chicken, pork, shrimp and American they where all very good. The service was excellent and the margaritas not bad either.Super authentic food, service and prices.  The authenticity of the food is phenom nom nom nom.  The service is quick and impersonal like I've had in Mexico many times and the prices...you pay for everything you want.  No house chips or salsa for free...or even hot sauce on the table.  But delicious and worth it.  I'd give five stars but the whole paying for salsa is kind of turn off. The Cali burrito is the size of my chihuahua by the way, very big servings for what you do pay for.Brilliant set up on Magazine St with good food and cervezas.  Not true Mexican, but burritos aren't really Mexican, are they?
The staff are huge futbol fans, so if you're knowledgeable about the sport you may get extra beans.  Very low key and chill.  Depending on the day, there may be a wait.  But thinking about the place right now at 11:50pm is making me hungry.My brother in law goes here so much that the entire staff knows him. Their california burritos are seriously yummy. I wasn't crazy about their guacamole, but I'm extremely particular about that. Their margaritas were good and strong, too. This place can get extremely busy depending on the time you go, but it is totally worth the wait.So-so Mexican food. Traditional dishes are available (we had enchiladas and carne asada,) but there's nothing special about them. Sauces like they were from a can, sangria was passable and expensive. Probably won't go back.Really like this place! Big, high ceiling room with lots and lots of Mexican pictures and paraphenelia around. The staff were lovely and the food selection good. They also have several Mexican beers (ie more than just Corona) which will always win me over.
Main courses come in several sizes depending on how many taco/flautas and what kind of meat/sides you want which I liked, they estimated pretty well how much food I can handle in one sitting!
Good option for this part of town too price-wise, it's not exactly cheap but a cheaper option for the neighbourhood.
Enjoy,
c*the best fish tacos and shrimp flautas!! the black chili sauce is so good.  the only downside is that there's no chips and salsa, and you have to lay for it,and it's a tiny tiny amount . but it's worth it for the tacos. the beef tacos are also really good.We got there as soon as they opened at 5pm for Cinco DeMayo.. and it's a good thing because the place had a line by the time we left. The doorway is so tiny (***hint hint: lose weight!) but once you can squeeze your way thru...nirvana. The food was amazingly fresh, we started off with an appetizer the pico de gallo which was only $3 and it was great. They I got the trio with a shrimp enchillada a chicken & bean burrito and a chorizo soft taco and EVERYTHING was great. Not to mention they make a mean margarita..although I have to admit I was a little disappointed that they only come of the rocks and not frozen! Still worth it tho...I think this is the best mexican in the city.  I moved here from Denver, so maybe I'm a little picky about my mexican, but this is great food.  The service is always really attentive, even though they're generally packed.
Prices are totally reasonable and it's just a very relaxed, kicked-back kind of place.  I look forward to going here when I can.Yikes! I never give places such a bad review, but I also never am served food that I am unwilling to eat.
After having an amazing meal at the Taqueria Corona in Harahan, we tried the one closer to home. But as soon as we ordered guacamole and it showed up 2 seconds later, slightly brown, we should've known...and we should've left.
I ordered two tacos from a friendly waitress and they came super quickly. But both of them (the pork and the ribeye) were horrible. I got through most of the ribeye, which had been recommended by the waitress, but the pork was so full of fat, that I gave up and left the entire thing. I literally spit out the one bite I tried to eat. And no one asked me why my whole plate was practically untouched when the table was cleared.
One star for a nice waitress and a tasty side of black beans. But I will never go back because there is just too much good food in this city to give a bad meal a second chance.Four of us went to eat here earlier tonight. Enjoying ourselves when a cockroach flew and landed on the neck of someone in our party, as he slapped it off it went into his lap and then flew off. This was absolutely disgusting. To top it off, the staff was so whatever about it all. It was obviously a big deal to us but we never even had a manager approach us to apologize, not even the waitress apologized! There needs to be an inspection here soon! I am still disgustedI used to live around the corner, and would order take out at least once a week.  The burritos are amazing, as are the variety of house-made hot sauces (I can't stress this last part enough...the black hot sauce.......). Never having tried beef tongue before, I ordered it on my burrito once, and subsequently fell in love. Slow cooked all day and falls apart in your mouth. The chorizo isn't half bad either. Never went deep into the menu, but the California burritos are delicious, flavorful, and filling. Not a lot of amazing central American restaurants in this city. I would recommend this one, especially if you go beyond the fish tacos.Amazing Mexican food. This restaurant has a great atmosphere, and layout. But what is even better is that their food is amazing too. Whether your getting an appetizer, an entree or just a side, you won't be disappointed. 
Their food is well cooked and gives you great flavor. I normally get a shrimp quesadilla with a small side of beans and rice. Their beans and rice is some of the most amazing that you will ever try. The shrimp in the quesadilla is grilled well and has a great taste variety. Another good item on the menu is the superb chicken burrito or a chicken taco pizza. 
One last great benefit is that the restaurant is kid friendly. Don't be shy to bring your kids. They have a kids menu and are very nice to little ones. 
The service is great. If your food is about late the waiters will respectfully come tell you what is wrong. All of the employees are kind and respectful (especially if you are a regular). 
If your looking for great food in Uptown New Orleans, then this is a place you should want to go.I can't believe I've never reviewed this place, I've only been here a million times.  I've been here to celebrate new jobs and buying of houses. Anyway, as we were driving up the eerily darkened Magazine Street last week, looking for refuge from Isaac, I was thrilled to see they were open! They had no AC but they still were working their asses off and running around madly to serve all the stir crazy people needing to get out of the house. For that alone, they get extra stars.
Now, onto the regular things you can expect. The guy at the front register (owner?) is always there and always makes you feel like he is genuinely glad to see you. I love him.  The margaritas aren't the best but they're fine and they make it to your table QUICKLY.  I would skip the chips and guac and instead order the cebollitas. Actually,  make that two orders because you won't want to share.  This place is one of the few, or maybe only, place around that serves tongue tacos. Delicious. If you like pot roast or other similar flavorful, tender cuts of meat, this is for you. I also like the fish tacos and the carne asada tacos. Since I hate burritos, I can't really say anything on that point. Shrimp flautas are just average in general but excellent for a hangover cure.I want to give this place five stars, really, I do! It's a bit pricier than what I'm used to, but it's worth it. My friends had a tiff with the manager who was not very pleasant about a mistake that was clearly on their end of things. Aside from that, there's not much to complain about regarding this place. If you want cheap Mexican, go to Felipe's. If you want better Mexican, go here.This place is a bit different from your typical Tex-Mex joint and offers some things most of the other area Mexican type places don't as the Honduran owners put their own slightly different spin to some things.  They have their "cebollitas" grilled green onion appetizer that is tasty.  They offer the usual taco, burrito, and other options wrapped in some type of tortilla like most Mexican joints do.  I usually opt for one of the entree platters to get a selection of several different things.  This is one of the few places to offer beef tongue as a meat option to stuff your taco or other tortilla wrapped entity.  This place does frequently get crowded and nearby parking is at a premium so it can be more challenging to get here than the usual restaurants in this area so if driving be prepared to park further away and walk a bit.Oh, my god. What are you doing? Get up. Now. Go get yerself some tacos!
This place simply owns. The place is quaint and homey. Very tiny and inviting. It's a bit hustling and bustling - esp. when it pops. Deceivingly strong margaritas all served with a smile. Now let's talk food.
Freshness ABOUNDS. The guacamole stands up against any other Mexican joint in the city; full of red onion. They serve a taco the way a taco should be served - not dripping in grease, cheese, n shit. The taco comes on a corn tortilla with it's filling of choice seasoned to perfection. At a price that can't be beat. Side orders of rice and beans? HELL YES!
My ONLY problem - shrimp. When we live where we live and we have access to the AMAZING shrimp we have access to, shrimp the size of a toddler's FOOT, why would ANYONE settle for cheap-ass Chinese shrimp? It's a cost thing. Whatever. But step up yer game, people! However, do not let this dissuade you. Everything else kills.
Go. Get up. Don't think. Just do it.(to the tune of 'Silver and Gold' from Rudolph the Rednosed Reindeer)
Covered in cheese
Covered in cheese
The enchiladas and pizzas are covered in cheese
They're so gooey and tasty and good....
Ok that's enough. The shrimp flautas are great too.A great Mexican find in the neighborhood! We ordered the numero tres which was more than enough for two hungry people. We upgraded two tacos to tongue and carne asada ribeye. The star of the show was by far the carne asada deliciously served with a grilled green onion, on par with some of our favorites in Mexico. My wife enjoyed the chorizo taco but it was too heavy on pork flavor for me. The guacamole was solid and the jalapeno slaw was great and spicy, too! The rice and beans were great as well. We chose the shrimp flauta which was a nice combo of shrimp and cheese. The burrito was the weakest link, mostly beans and not much meat. Minus star for no free chips and salsa (which was heavy on the lime, almost like ceviche without the fish).It's a little embarrassing that I'm from a city world renown for it's unique cuisine and my favorite restaurant is a taqueria, but it's true. The food rocks, it's consistent, the owners are friendly, the prices are fair and the margaritas are the best I've ever had.So once in a while when you want to splurge on the calories...the fish tacos are great; the black beans and rice is good, steak tacos with cebolitas, the shrimp flautas, yum!Great tacos, margarita pitchers, and combo platters that aren't the typical greasy Mexican fare. Good fish taco and rockin pico de gallo. Shrimp flaunts is something different and worthwhile.Gotta say, I wasn't impressed by this place. It took us forever to find a spot to park and we ended having to walk a few blocks. Another thing, the margaritas are way over priced for the amount that they give you. My glass of water was larger than the pitcher we bought. 
I ordered some chips and pico, since they neither serve complimentary chips and/or salsa at all. I then ordered one of the combos with a beef tongue taco, chicken burrito, and a shrimp flauta. The taco was good as was the flauta, but the burrito wasn't that tasty and the beans and rice tasted like it came from the can.
Our server was also quite nice and offered a few recommendations, but it took her over 30 minutes to get our tickets split equally, which should have been easy because we all ordered the exact same thing. For the amount we paid, I wasn't impressed. I can think of quite a few Mexican restaurants I can go to and get a much better meal and drinks for alot less.Love Taqueria Corona.  Currently I am the Duke. I haven't had a bad meal yet.  My only complaint is that when you order the Chips and Pico de Gallo they are skimpy with the Pico de Gallo. You always end up asking for more Pico de Gallo because there just isn't enough Pico de Gallo for the amount of chips they give you. AND they will charge you for a whole other order of Chips and Pico de Gallo if you just want more Pico de Gallo. 
Pheeww. That was a mouth full!
But you get what I saying? Ya pickin up what I'm throwing down? Eavesdrop on this:
"Can we get some more Pico de Gallo please?"
"You want another order of Chips and Pico?
"No. We don't want more chips we just want more Pico de Gallo." 
"Sorry. You have to get both. You want the chips to go?"
"No. I just don't want to be charged another 3 bucks for some Pico de Gallo."
"Sorry."
One solution is to get the Chips, Guacamole and Pico de Gallo. At least those chips won't go to waste and it's gonna cost less then two orders of  Chips and Pico de Gallo.
I agree with Holly G  that most places usually give you complimentary Chips and Salsa.  What's up with that? Is it because it's Chips and PICO De GALLO not Chips and Salsa? If so, give me the SALSA.
I propose that if one eats more Pico de Gallo  they will drink more Cerveza. 
I'd rather put my money toward the tip and not the bill. But if they charge another 3 bucks for more Pico de Gallo then my hands are tied.
It's a small thing but obviously not for me.
Please free the PICO! 
Free the PICO, Man!
The DUKE says, FREE THE PICO!We stopped in for a bite to eat before we hit up a night out. Most of us ordered the California Burritos which were huge. I ate the whole things and my buddy tried his darndest because he was really enjoying it. He had the tongue and I had the shrimp. The chips were excellent and weren't salted in the basket (which I prefer). Our waitress was friendly and everything came out timely. Its not incredible, but it was good. If you're in the area pop in and I think you'll enjoy it.Best Fish Tacos in the city. For anyone who could ever get inside of my head would know that I can pretty much live and die at Juans uptown. (Shrimp Diablo & The Sweet and Green are our go-tos) That being said, the fish tacos at TC are by far one of the better things on their menu, or anyones for that matter. Service as always is simple and to the point, Polite, not obtrusive and great pricing. Definitely worth heading to on a regular basis.Coming from San Diego, I have high expectations for my mexican food. I was floored to see all of the accolades on the wall at this place. My husband's california burrito, first of all was not a california burrito, secondly it was watery on the inside. gross. we got the chips and guacamole and I was incredibly disappointed to find that it was not fresh at all... looked exactly like that pre-made, full of preservatives type stuff you can get mass produced from the grocery store. Additionally, the staff was less than friendly and took forever to acknowledge us once we were sat. They gave off the type of vibe that we were bothering them when we wanted something! Unfortunately, I have yet to find a decent mexican food place in NOLA. :(Let me start off by saying that our server, Matilda, was great. Super sweet lady, she had to serve the whole restaurant by herself. Major props. But. The food. They were very helpful about substitutions with our meals, the portions were ginormous, and the food was semi-edible. If you were just coming here to drink, it's probably a great place. My family used to come here before hurricane Katrina, and the food quality has plummeted. 
Bottom line: great service, friendly staff, probably pretty good drinks. Don't expect a lot from the food.Arriving around dinner time, my date and I weren't excited to see there was only one occupied table in the restaurant. We were greeted by a very stern faced young man who completely lacked enthusiasm. We felt like a burden instead of guests. We decided to try the margaritas because the price of beer was ridiculous. The margaritas were not made with fresh lime juice as stated and they came in a very small rocks glass. The entire menu is overpriced. I will not give this place another chance.While the food was okay, I would not recommend this restaurant. We ordered the sangria pitcher. It was $17. I was expecting a regular size pitcher especially for that price, but we got a small one that was as tall as my hand. The pitcher was also completely full of ice so there wasn't even much sangria. for some reason this still cost us close to $20. sangria is basically watered-down wine so I'm very confused why they insisted on charging us so much for so little. When I spoke to the waitress she said "that's just how we do it" and did not try to fix the problem. I will not be returning.I still sort of miss Taqueria circa 1990 when it was tinier, grittier & with a smaller menu. On the other hand, more choices and more tables and more drinks!
I still think their black bean burrito is yummy. And I like both the fish and shrimp tacos (two separate items). The taco salad is more meh. And I wish they offered specials sometimes just to change stuff up. They do offer some kid friendly items like a cheese quesadilla or American taco. My uncle is a huge fan of their tongue taco (not for me thanks). And, yeah, the sangria is delicious.
Service is usually speedy but you definitely aren't rushed. I like the open kitchen and that there is bar seating if you choose to eat alone.What a fun place. Friendly, casual, festive (brightly painted, multi colored lights and muchas piñatas), good for groups (read: louuuuud!), Taqueria Corona is kind of just what you'd expect it should be and when you're looking to swig back a couple of margaritas, hot, salty chips and queso, you'd do well to do so here. Make sure you ask for the trio of hot sauces, too. I loved the chili paste/oil. So tasty when mixed in with the queso.
Ditto for gut bombing burritos. The emphasis is on meaty things here from the usual (chicken, beef, fish) to the more adventurous (tongue, anyone?) It would be grand if they could add a spinach/mushroom option to the list, rather than the yawnsville "no meat" option (that is, just beans, rice, cheese, lettuce, tomato and guac, which inside the burrito becomes a bit of a bland, indistinguishable mush). As such, I will return for chips and drinks and forgo the "real food". That doesn't mean you should listen to me, as this probably only applies to vegetarians. My plea to Taqueria Corona: please think about giving us a bit more to choose from! I want to love you...This was the second of two widely separated visits here.  Taquitos small, but very good.
NO parking.
Otherwise, an enjoyable afternoon snack visit.
Authentic "Norteno" style menu.Margaritas were delicious, food was amazing and the staff were so kind! Loved the ceviche there. Not my favorite place but still good ceviche. Then the tacos and enchiladas were really tasty. The only down side were the pitchers of margaritas were small ones instead of a standard size pitcher, but whatever! Definitely would go back.I am a native Southern Californian so my standards for Mexican food are pretty high. I went to Taqueria Corona with hopes of finding a comparable Mexican restaurant in New Orleans, my new home, unfortunately it wont be here. The service was friendly and efficient. The Margaritas are strong but the food is alright. My favorite thing I've had there is the grilled green onion appetizer. I've been a few times but during my most recent visit I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and it tasted bland. Eh. Probably won't go back.This family run taqueria is clean, efficient and inviting! While the.priced match it's location, (Magazine st.) the homey vibe and delicious fare will not disappoint. Highly recommended!Busy.  Sort of pricey.  Just get the tacos.I've been going to this restaurant for 13 years with my mom (who's been going for 33 years!!!). We love that it's family owned and run. Roberto always greets us with a hug and a smile, and they treat us like family. They have - HANDS DOWN - the best fish taco I've ever had. They have honestly ruined fish tacos for me because I can no longer get them anywhere else haha! Love you Taq!A wonderful experience. I highly recommend the pica De Gayo, carne asada tacos and the Margaritas were fantastic. Wonderful service and fast preparation. Well worth stopping in!Love the food here - I get the salad, enchilada, trio, Burrito  
This place is my favoriteThis place is by far one of the best Mexican restaurants in the city I've been to. Per the review before mine, it is Americanized Mexican, but I can promise you you're not going to find real Mexican food anywhere in NOLA. 
I got the chicken enchilada and chicken taco a la charge, plus their pico and queso fresco. The chicken seemed to be higher quality grilled chicken rather than just cheap shredded chicken. The queso was pretty tasty and so was the pico! Not puréed salsa but rather the whole pieces of tomato, yum. 
I will definitely be back!I went yesterday and fell in love. So much so that I'm going back today (don't judge lol). The food is AMAZING. Nice, festive atmosphere and good service. I'm very picky about my Mexican food and this definitely tickled my fancy. I would definitely recommend it (and already have).This is a Mexican restaurant that does NOT offer chips and salsa for free. Huge bumber... I got the typical chicken enchilada which had mozzarella cheese! BLASPHEMY! I expected cheddar or monterrey.   It doesn't come with rice and beans either unless you pay for a side order. which is NOT worth the price. The california was pretty good. Cheap on the salsa that was put on the burrito. Overall with our dirty silverware we had to replace twice, we aren't going back. Should of tried the overpriced tacos.I've tried this place a few times for lunch and dinner, so I now feel comfortable posting this review. The steak tacos are pretty good, but for a mexican restaurant, most things are high priced and come in tiny portions. For instance, don't bother ordering rice or beans: three bites of each and you're done with your sides. The cheese dip and salsa come in super tiny bowls as well, which is a joke. Oh and the chips and salsa are not complimentary either. We came during happy hour and got 3$ margaritas and sangria. Sangria wasn't anything to brag about at all, but the margaritas were tasty, though once again very small.
On a positive note, my husband ordered a 10$ burrito and it was massive. Enough for two or three meals. Just don't expect to come here and fill up on 1 plate unless you order a huge burrito. If I could leave 2 & 1/2 stars, I would because the experience here isn't unpleasant and the food isn't bad, but I just don't feel as though you get your money's worth.I have been going to Taqueria Corona for about 30 years. I absolutely love the food. The beans and rice are incredible with a little of their green salsa (or a lot, if you like it that way, which I do). The black beans are refried and have that wonderful black bean savory, almost smokey flavor. It pairs nicely with the yellow rice. Their rice is neither sticky, nor dry. So often, places can't get it right. The green salsa has enough heat from the jalapenos to make it interesting, as well as a bit of tartness that makes it work perfectly in concert with the beans and rice. I think the next favorite thing I've had there is the shrimp flauta. It has enough seasoning to remind you that your eating at a Mexican restaurant, but the spice doesn't overwhelm the shrimp. The shrimp taste fresh, and I have never had one of their flautas with rubbery shrimp. Along with the shrimp, there is just the right amount of cheese inside the rolled, flour tortilla. So good! Don't forget that they come with some pretty tasty guacamole, as well.  The atmosphere is typical Latinx cantina, so it creates the ambiance most of us have come to expect from this type of place. The service is generally pretty good, though they are often VERY busy, which means they don't come back to check on you as often as you might like. They make up for that by being extremely polite and solicitous when you do see them, and if you catch their eye, they get to you pretty quickly.  All-in-all, it is one of my favorite restaurants in the New Orleans area, and if you haven't tried it, do yourself a favor and go there! There's a reason it has been there for over 30 years!We have been coming here for years for the chorizo cheese dip and fish tacos.  Every single time it's a home run! The service is great and the food is very authentic.  Normally we don't veer off these two choices.  This place has the best fish tacos in town!Finding a Mexican joint that has it all can be tough.  Some places are inexpensive and the queso is great.  Others over do it and the prices are too high for food that's mediocre at best. 
Taqueria Corona has it all.  The food is authentic down to the black beans.  The chicken and steak is marinated and cooked perfectly; the simple American tacos are great. 
The service is prompt in their uptown location and finding a table isn't hard even during their busiest times.  One most important thing to note is the consistency in the quality of food; I'm writing this review after the second visit.  
Their Margs are delicious, BUT slightly over priced. Still doesn't deserve a half a star.  Kudos to the kitchen!I had been wanting to check this place out because it looks adorable from the outside and always seems to be quite busy. Despite my loyalty to yelp reviews, I ignored the 3.5 star review and decided to give it a shot. Mexican food is pretty hard to mess up right? Ehhhh not so much. The place was really cute but that's probably where I stop. Wasn't impressed by the food at all. It wasn't the freshest. It wasnt terrible but it was just kind of blah. My husband got the burrito and didn't care for that at all either. Also, our waiter didn't come by again after taking our food order and I literally had to get up to go find another waiter to place an order for our drinks. Atmosphere was fun, food and service not so much. I would give 2.5 stars if I could.Tonight we ventured out and decided to try Taqueira Corona as we have lived one street down for 6 months and have yet to try it so we thought there's no better time than tonight! 
Located on Magazine St between State St and Eleonore St, is the small Mexican themed restaurant/bar featuring a wide range of Mexican foods and drinks. The restaurant itself features only indoor seating with views of Magazine St with both tabled seating or seats lining the bar/kitchen area. We sat at the front to peer out the window. The restaurant is decorated very nicely, with flags, pinatas, inflatable Corona bottle and much more, there is plenty to see! 
We started our meal with a serving of "guacamole and chips". The guacamole was perfection and the chips were..well..chips. My only complaint about the appetizer is that the serving of guacamole wasn't enough to cater for the serving of the chips(see image I posted), the guacamole ran out too quickly compared to the chips, which was disappointing. 
For the main meal, I ordered the "Chicken Taco Pizza" which I had no idea what I was actually going to receive. Once it came out, I understood the name. It is literally a soft shell taco that's filled with whatever your ordering is, that's flat and covered in cheese. The chicken taco pizza came with chicken, beans, salsa, and cheese. It was quite nicely actually! The flavors of each ingredient mixed well together and was very filling indeed. Though I couldn't taste the salsa much at all and there was a bit too much cheese. 
The only downside I have is that there wasn't enough guacamole to cater for all the chips and the chicken taco pizza has a bit too much cheese. 
Overall, the meal was very satisfying. The chicken taco pizza is a definite like! I'd recommend getting that with the guacamole and chips as a starter. Definitely check it out if you're in the area!Meh. I wanted to like this place because it's close home, but it just didn't do anything for me. Overpriced and underwhelming. Service was not attentive. I had the enchiladas, which came out swimming in grease. Guac tasted like it came from a bag, and came in a terribly small portion. Probably will not return.I love Taqueria Corona and have been loving it for years. They have the best fish tacos and shrimp flautas hands down. I have eaten many things from here and everything has been delicious. Don't listen to these poor reviews, they are probably looking for tex-mex. This is a true Mexican restaurant. The service may be wishy washy sometimes, depends on who's there but really, the food - SO GOOD. We like the Metairie location the best.Great spot! Stopped in here for a late lunch yesterday. The portions were huge and food was good quality. I had the numero uno platter which included a beef flauta, chicken taco, and chicken/bean burrito, with a side of rice and beans. Everything was great and the whole thing was around $12! Good beer and drink selection too, and friendly service. Definitely worth a visit!I have never had a bad dish from this place! The food is authentic and flavorful. I'm really glad that I stumbled upon this taqueria. They do not disappoint!Don't skip over this amazing restaurant on Magazine! If you're looking for reasonably priced tacos/burritos/nachos/enchiladas this is the perfect place. I recommend the Philly cheesesteak tacos and the classic chips and salsaThis used to be the only Mexican restaurant in town (I'm talking at least 15 years ago).  Back then I thought it was expensive for what you got.  So today I went (only because a friend wanted to go there--not my choice).  I got the Número Ono with the salad for an extra $1.75.  The best part of the meal was the salad.  The chicken taco was a flour tortilla and chicken, the flauta was your typical flauta, and the burrito was beans and chicken.  No salsa which is an extra charge as are chopped onions, cilantro, tomatoes, etc., etc.
There are other places that are much better.  You are not the only game in town anymore, Taqueria Corona.What a disappointment =(  I heard and read great things about this place..but.. first, charging for pico de gallo and chips??  really??  And what's with the heavy usage of the microwave??  Service is only okay - they couldn't tell us which was the lengua tacos.  Food was bland..Bland?  At a Mexican restaurant?  That's kind of hard to do.  This is one of the places that I won't need to try again.  Sorry, Taqueria Corona.A group of four of us stopped in on a Friday night after escaping a family dinner. I'm super thankful that Taqueria Corona wasn't packed and we were seated immediately. Unfortunately the service here is pretty horrendous. Our server didn't come back often and it took probably 15/20 to order and another 20 minutes before we got our food. The wait wouldn't have been long if we had chips and salsa but due to not getting any I can only assume there's a charge. 
We ordered almost every type of taco avalible. The tacos were great and definitely served as if you're in Mexico- sorry gringos there's no cheese or sour cream on top. We also ordered a vegetarian California burrito. I would've loved for more of an even amount of ingredients throughout the burrito. One side was mostly beans while the side we didn't finish had the rice. 
Overall I'm torn on if I would come back. The food was decent but the service was bad. As long as you have plenty of time and aren't in a rush this may be a good spot for you.I can walk to this place and I keep wishing it was good. It's always busy, and i can't understand why.  Everything we had tasted like it came out of a can, and the guacamole was worse than the browning day-old version of the stuff you buy at the grocery store.  Even in a town with so few Mexican choices, go elsewhere.So fresh! The blackened shrimp tacos, the pico, the housemate sauces. This place is doing it right.i had my first meal in new orleans at taqueria corona 19 years ago & it's still my favorite go-to place for good, filling, affordable mexican. i crave their california burrito on a regular basis ( it's big enough for me to make 2 meals out of it), and in my humble, but i believe correct opinion-- they have THE BEST fish tacos in town!! yuuuuummmy!!I went here a week ago because apparently it's "one of the better Mexican places in town" - per my friend.  I'm thinking, "Riiight, I'm from Texas . . . but we shall see . . . "  
Anyway, there was a bit of a wait - it's crowded inside - limited seating space and it's rather noisy.  I went on a weekday and it was littered with families, couples, and a wide array of types of people in such a tiny area - so it's not somewhere you would want to go for an intimate dining experience.  
Once we were seated, our waitress, despite the hoards of other people she had to attend to, was impeccable.  The margaritas were your standard margaritas (they kind of all taste the same to me though), but I liked them enough to have two.  And two tequila shots on top of that (I know, it was a weekday - don't judge me!) were top notch.  
So we ended up ordering the chips and guacamole as an appetizer and I was stoked to observe the guacamole seemed genuinely handmade with staggering chunks of green goodness.  It was lightly flavored (I don't think there were bits of onion or tomato - but um, you know what they say about tequila and memory), but you still taste the avocado - which is certainly what I prefer.  
We ended up ordering the bean burrito (with the sour cream and cheese on the side) and the bean salad (?) - it was a taco salad of sorts and we got it minus all the animal parts.  The bean burrito wasn't impressive by any means - but maybe that's because I ordered sans the fatty good ingredients - but it was amply stuffed with tons of refried beany goodness and with a bit of guacamole, it's not like I was missing the cheese and sour cream.  Same with the salad - but it was far tastier - possibly because of the super fried shell, but I distinctly recall thinking, "Hmmm, not that bad . . ."  So I can't say resolutely that this is the amongst the best Mexican food I've ever had in New Orleans because of um, my dietary limitations and I've only been to this place, Nacho Mama's (yeck!), Superior Grill (does that even count?  Again - yeck!  But mmm flavored frozen margaritas!), and Juan's (far more vegan options and pretty yum).
I wouldn't mind revisiting this place again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to drag my friends or family there (but if it isn't obvious - Mexican isn't one of my favorite foods to begin with).We stopped in here on a rainy Thursday night because we have heard great things about it from our friends. It was pretty empty. Our server was very nice. The margaritas were ok, but not great. The food was ok. I had the enchiladas, and they didn't have a lot of flavor. I was just on the fence with the entire experience. If I was in the neighborhood, and it was the closest place, then I would go back; otherwise, I would look for a new place to try.I attended Taqueria Corona for lunch today, we arrived shortly after opening and were the first  ones in the restaurant. This was my first time at Taqueria Corona so I asked my friends what to get they said the quesadilla. We ordered a queso to start. Upon the queso's arrival the chips were stale, keep in mind we were the first ones in the restaurant today. The queso tasted like cheez wiz. It was too thick and had no flavor or spice. It tasted similar to just melted velveeta cheese with green onions in it. The queso also stuck to the little pot it was in, and looked, felt, and tasted like plastic. (see picture for reference) the steak quesadilla arrived and i wanted to eat some salsa to wash down that horrific queso. The salsa was Tostitos salsa. I'm not even saying that as a theory. I know the taste of Tostitos salsa and it tasted exactly like it. The steak quesadilla looked promising but tasted awful. The steak was not flavorful, the quesadilla was overfilled with cheese. Once again the cheese was plastic hard cheese, not even melted. I couldn't even bring myself to try and eat it. The rice that came with the quesadilla tasted awful, it tasted like the smell of a porta potty. To end things off I didn't even get a receipt when I paid. I was very surprised that i did not enjoy my experience here considering my friends had sad they liked it before in the past. I've had both good and mediocre mexican, and I can for sure say I will NEVER be returning here. Worst mexican I have ever had. Service was mediocre.I recommend the "Raw Chicken Taco"yum yum yum yum yummy yum
food is great in ppl are niceFamily Favorite 
My family has been frequenting Taqueria Corona since I was a child. The food is reasonably priced, authentic and delicious. They recently added some new options to their menu, including blackened shrimp tacos with a pineapple salsa. These tacos are not to be missed.Not the best Mexican ever, but solid good food in a funky building that has been there for almost 25 years. I think that says something about a place. I have been eating here since the 1980s!!
The portions are reasonably sized in fact, some are too much, the California Burrito is HUGE and way too much for me, I usually stick to the tacos, I like the house salad, I absolutely LOVE the cebollitas (grilled green onions with salt & lime) and could eat a whole batch all by myself. The entree platters are more than I can manage to eat alone. Good food, great prices. Nothing wrong with that!
They make their own margarita blend with fresh lime juice! YUM!Might claim this as my favorite Mexican restaurant in New Orleans. The lengue tacos are the best in the city my opinion...been going here since I was a kid. As soon as I discovered my love for spicy food I fell in love with the black hot sauce (gotta ask for it). Oily, kinda smokey, different from anything I've ever had. I don't think you can go wrong here. And the man that (I think) owns it is almost always at the register, smiling, welcoming or saying good bye to all customers.The steak tacos here are delicious. The atmosphere is nice. The price is reasonable and it's close to home. Been 6 times and haven't had a problem with them yet. Keep it up!
The food gets better everytime I go. Love the beef and cheese dip!Greeted when I walked into the door and seed it immediately.
House Margarita was just perfect.
Service was very good, both waitresses checked on me to verify how I liked my food.
really loved the ribeye shaved tacos my only regret and this is on me that I did not order them on corn tortillas I ordered it on flour tortillas.
Pico de gallo was great.
ordered the queso as an appetizer probably should have ordered it with chorizo in it.
Chips were light and crunchy and not greasy.
Would definitely go back.Finally arrived at this restaurant on the advice that this is the best Mexican food in New Orleans.  Or perhaps those who promote this establishment should use the term Tex-Mex. I have to admit that the best Mexican food I have tasted has been in Texas and more particularly in Nacogdoches,Texas. 
The server was cheerful and attentive and I am sure a very nice person. I ordered a Bloody Mary and informed her that I like it spicy. I asked if they make the mix or what mix they used. She was nice to bring me a bottle of Mr. T or something similar. Not Zing Zang but I would give it a try.
The drink was brought to me and I tasted it. It was horrible. It tasted like tomato juice with absolutely no liquor. It sat. Later I ordered a beer and water to have with my meal. At no time did she inquire as to my full glass of "Bloody Mary" being left untouched on the table. I ordered it. I did not like what I ordered. I do expect a server to ask if something is not eaten or drank and left in the state it was brought to the table. Even if I have to pay for a rip off drink just ask me why I am not drinking it. Nothing and I paid for a pseudo Bloody Mary. I do believe this Mary was a virgin.
The food is bland, no resemblance of Mexican food and overpriced.   We ordered tacos and quesadilla with rib eye, chorizo, and chicken. 
It was an expensive lunch in which the only thing I thought was worthwhile was the Corona with lime.This is one of those places that started off with a bad impression and we were never friends after that. 
I worked next door to the METAIRIE location and tried it a couple times but hated it.  I honestly never gave the uptown location a shot, and maybe there's a difference? 
During quarantine, I've reached out to try a bunch of new places and I'm glad I did! 
I love fish tacos (maybe it's the CA in me)... ok well I just love tacos in general but a good fish taco is hard to come by.  
+1. First, I appreciate their taco menu selection.  I need variety in my life. Most places offer the basics or a selection of 3 meats.  This place has everything you could want! 
+1/-1. Fish taco discussion can be like a political debate. Ok maybe I'm a fish taco snob??  Their fish tacos are not made with tilapia or even catfish, the menu says red drum.  But, the fish has a thick beer batter type coating that left me tasting all batter and no fish. 
The fish tacos aren't the best here, but their other options are delicious!  I'll be going back.Y'all. The BEST Mexican food you will find in Nola. Trust me, I have tried it all. The chicken California burrito and beef Mexican pizza left me speechless. Haven't tried the tacos yet but I've heard they are equally delicious. Good, quick service and well priced. GO!!Garbage. They microwave the food, have store bought guacamole, and over-cheese everything they put in front of you. I did get hammered and manage to put down a few tequila shots and 6 beers. Took em way too long to bring me my cool crispy pops though.Hands down the best Mexican food in town. Their street tacos are excellent. I appreciate the bag for your buck you get here, and it's not for a lack of quality. You can tell the folks here take pride in the food they produce. This will forever be my go to for Mexican foodI'm not the type to comment on something but this place is awesome for the great price