Tartine has updated its menu and continues to produce top notch fresh baked breads, muffins and deserts.  The brioche grilled cheese special was as good as a grilled cheese gets.  Lots of healthy, filling, delicious salads too.Loved this place!  The food was incredible.  The four of us sampled each other's dishes and could not decide what was the best.  We had the baked eggs in brioche; shrimp crepe with scrambled eggs & mornay sauce; grits & pork debris in a brioche bowl; and potato pancakes, apple compote, braised pork & eggs with pepper jelly.  Everything was fabulous!  
One note - the place is TINY so you may have to wait for a table.  You place your order at the counter then wait for the delicious food to be brought to your table.
Oh - and the coffee is fantastic, too!  I can't wait to go back and try even more dishes.Great little bakery and restaurant, and it turns out they have the BEST King Cake in town!  Get one while you can...Holy crap on a stick! Tartine makes the best quiche I've ever had. It is out of this world. How is it so creamy?? So soft?? So eggy?? It tastes like they spent five hours whipping up the eggs into some marvelous magical delightfulness -- I don't even understand it, it should be illegal. Place is very reasonably priced too, totally doable to have brunch for two under $20. Of note.. I ordered a latte. But they brought me french press. I didn't complain, it was good french press.Love the set up. Cute little tables, get your own coffee, cozy atmosphere. Prices are fair.  Sandwiches are great.  Everything comes with side (fruit salad, bean salade, maybe they rotate?). Eggs bakes in brioche was pretty amazing.  Will be back soon.This place is awesome.
Ordered the ham and brie sandwich with some kind of orange marmalade, baguette was perfect. they make it there. 
My husband ordered the croque monsieur. really really good.
It's enough food to share but fun to get both and then just bring the rest home to eat for dinner.
Would definitely be even more awesome if they had a side of stone ground grits you could get with brunch on sundays.
Recommend to anyone.
They take credit cards.
Love this place.
Also pop-up restaurant on Tuesdays looks like it has a phenomenal menu. Can't wait to try. It's byob too! You can find their menus on facebook by searching for roosterfish, perrier streetThis place is the coolest cafe you don't know is there unless you know its there. Tucked away in a little corner of uptown, off Broadway, Chef Cara is making deliciousness all the time. I've never had a soup or special or sandwich or pretty much anything that I didn't like. The steak sandwich, salmon rillette, baked eggs in brioche, ham tartine and quiche of the day are all excellent. The bread is baked fresh and the cookies and sweets are always spot on. I love sitting on the patio outside when the weather is nice. I can't praise the chef enough and it still amazes me the quality and consistency that this tiny kitchen always puts out. Seriously. The kitchen is tiny, but awesome.Favorite place to get brunch in the city. 
Off the beaten path, near university square, but definitely a place to check out if your in town. 
All of the sandwiches are great, especially the ham tartine and the steak sandwich. 
The sides are always fantastic. The best one I've had so a far is the cous cous.My family, 6 of us, stumbled upon this place on our way to the Audubon Zoo. Hands down amazing! We all order different things and each one was amazing. Not a bad thing on the menu! Do yourself a favor and make the trip out to them.10/10 would eat again. The breakfast is delicious, the salad was good, coffee was strong and tasty. Cute and quaint little place with friendly service! Will be back for sure.Ambience is very causal and slightly cramped in some areas. The place is hidden, too but well worth the hunt. I had their quiche and eggs in brioche bread. Both were amazing and executed properly. The quiche is huge, seasonly perfectly, airy texture, and delicious. Best quiche I've had. 
The eggs in brioche is decadent, creamy, and also cooked perfectly. I heard a little about heir tea time and will be going back. I'd be happy to gain 5lbs from this place!I went to this nice little place for lunch today and was very happy I did. The menu is limited to salads, quiches, and sandwiches, but the offerings are all very authentically French or takeoffs on the classics. I had a small side salad which was mixed greens, chevre, sweet roasted pecans, and strawberries tossed with the perfect amount of vinaigrette,ie, it wasn't applied with a fire hose like most places do. All the flavors came through nicely. I also ordered a sandwich consisting of ham, brie, Dijon mustard, and a fig compote on a toasted baguette. Tres excellent.  My dining companion ordered the quiche of the day and loved it but didn't offer me a bite. (Place snarky comment here.) Both the sandwich and the qucihe were served with a quinoa salad. Very nice as well. Oh and the egg dishes served only til 11 looked really good as well.  I will def go back and I'm guessing if I do I'm raising it to 5 stars. I just hate to do it on one visit.Alright to good sandwiches, salads and breakfast type items like bagels, scones, brioche and quiche.  The coffee, tea and other drinks are now self-serve and on my last visit they seemed to be out of fresh coffee and  had older lukewarm coffee that tasted watered down and blah.  They used to serve great fresh coffee in a French press brought to your table but now the coffee is stored in a thermos you pump it out of.  The ambiance of the inside just isn't inspiring to me while the outside patio is the best spot in nicer weather.  The location looks like somebody decided to open a restaurant next to their house and the parking is less than fun to deal with in the area.  Most things here are probably around a three or four star when they are done properly but having bad coffee is just not an option in a joint like this.  Seems like the quality has gone down here and gotten inconsistent.  Granted I'm not much of a breakfast person so this is just not my favorite spot for breakfast, brunch or lunch but many folks love it.I finally made it to Tartine after lots of fanfare, and was not disappointed! I had the breakfast tartine, which comes with butter, jam and brie, and a side of fruit salad. All the elements were great together, and it was well worth the $5.50. My husband had the ham sandwich, which was even better. The fig mustard made it really special, and the ham was thick cut and perfect. Our cafe au lait's were very nice as well. Finally, we got a blackberry, lemon, and apple tart to go and they were delightful and plenty large for one person. I really liked the lemon, and the apple was neat because it had a layer of custard on the bottom instead of just being a mini apple pie (and the apple tart crust was amazing). The blackberry was my husbands favorite. I plan on going here as much as possible.I ordered the steak salad which was made up of chilled steak and a mountain of lettuce. It's neither spectacular nor bad. It could have used more vegetables other than the few cherry tomatoes and pickled peppers on top. The croutons are delicious though. My favorite thing about the croutons is that they aren't hard and won't break your teeth. I like that when you bite them they crunch and break without taking a toll. Overall i enjoyed the salad. It was generous in protein. The only sadness i was hungry an hour later. Maybe I'll go a carb-ier way next time.The sandwich (turkey) was really good and the side of white beans was a nice touch.  The ambiance stinks though - too loud.Update: still obsessed! Does anyone know what the dressing on the bean salad is? It's amazing.
Obsessed. Almost don't want to review because I don't want it to get crowded. Everything is delicious. Go early before they run out!Love this place. I'm big on brunch and had been struggling to find new places in NOLA after I exhausted my regular spots. The menu changes often so there's always something new. The breads are fresh baked and everything I've had has been delicious. 4 stars just because their coffee isn't very good but overall a great place.I've now had the coddled eggs twice. The first time they were amazing. The second time they were tasty, but substantially more greasy. Felt a bit like I was wading through the bowl. I'm not sure what changed, but I think I'll be ordering something else next time.
We again got the French toast for my two boys. Instead of individual dipping bowls of syrup (which they loved), it had a generous helping of berry jam/sauce on top (which they were not a fan of). Great for an adult; a little heavy handed for my 4 year old.
Husband had the shrimp crepe. Best thing on the table, hands down.Just had an amazing breakfast sandwich. Scrambled eggs, bacon and cream cheese on bagel. Side of fruit and mug of tea. All under $10 and friendly staff. It's probably dangerous that I'm within walking distance.I was looking for a local, non-chain eatery and the reviews here were great. The location was tucked away but don't let that slow you down. Favorite place we ate. Good prices. Excellent food!!A favorite breakfast spot. The baked eggs in brioche is consistently excellent, and a must order. The bagels are my favorite in New Orleans.So my wife and I decided to eat here because of the great reviews. Now it wasn't too hard to find the place. You order at the counter and they bring you your meal. The staff was nice and the menu wasn't to large were you are over burdened with choices. I order the pork rigette tartine and my wife the smoked Turkey sandwich. The tartine is an open faced sandwich served on a baguette. Now while presentation was ok and servers were nice the food was sub par. The pulled pork looked like baby food and tasted like it too. It had been either pre cooked frozen or just overly ran through a food processor. My wife said she liked her sandwich but it's not hard to mess up a turkey sandwich. Overall i wouldn't recommend anyone to eat here unless you're just curious to try. I will try the breakfast because everyone said its good. Ill write another review then.Tiny, charming, with great bistro food. I had an iced coffee and the butternut squash soup and could not have been happier. The ham and brie sandwich was also delicious. 
It's off the beaten path, but if you're going for a stroll in Audubon Park, take a detour at Magazine and wander through the residential area to this place. It's a great journey to a wonderful destination.A little pricey and the staff was tired and flustered. The food was fancy to a fault. Not every french ingredient mixes together to form something delicious. Overall the food was nicely prepared and presented but a little too adventurous for my taste buds.First visit with wife and tots. Had meat quiche and veggie quiche, and they were both very good. Portion size was generous. Strawberry jam was amazing. We'll be going back.I finally found a 5 star establishment.  Its been awhile since I have been wowed by anything lately....but I love Tartine!   I was there for two breakfasts in a row, so yeah, they make me very happy.
The first breakfast was the eggs with ham and cheese en brioche.   Very well done, eggs cooked perfectly.
The second was the quiche of the day, onions, ham and gruyere cheese.  Nice piece of quiche for the six dollars and fifty cents.
I also had a breakfast scone today, with macadamia nuts, raisins, and a side of lemon curd.   That was fantastic.
The pastry prices were beyond reasonable for what you were getting.   This is my favorite bakery  in New Orleans.  Huge cream filled Eclairs, for 2.50?   Comparing for the one bit ones I paid  1.50  for on Maple Street, I would venture to say that Tartine is also a great value.
Coffee and beverages are self serve and the coffee brand is Community in several varieties.   Cute interior and little outdoor seating area for when the weather cools off.  The staff is very sweet and accommodating.  
The turn around time for food is a little slower than what one would like, including myself, but the quality is well worth it.   I am pleased to offer this 5 star rating for Tartine.   Tartine has made me very happy.  This hidden gem is a brilliant stone, (but not a blood diamond.)This place is awesome. I have to hold back on purchasing "one of each please" as I wouldn't be able to make it to the car fast enough to shove it all down my gullet.  The Salade Niçoise is the shit. Hands down. I used up all my bread scraping the leftover juices, so I tried to see if Moms overlooked a scrap or two of her bread so I wouldn't have to lick the plate.  Luckily we worked it out. Beware of the old lady lunch crowd, cuz dry ain't moving and nor do they care that chu ain't got no place to eat. Get the Niçoise.Fresh ingredients quickly prepared, with an efficient and friendly staff. Four of us went on a Sunday morning at 9 am and we had almost no wait. The bagel with arugula, bacon, egg, and tomato is so amazing all four of us got it, and it was perfectly complimented by french press coffee served with frothed milk. To top if off, we wanted to get cinnamon-cream-cheese king cake-there was only one left but they split it for us and it had me dreaming for my lunch at work for the next two days.Baked eggs in Brioche
UNBELIEVABLE!!!
2 perfectly poached eggs in  fresh baked brioche topped with melted gruyere
One of the best breakfasts I've ever had...It makes me happy just thinking about it   :-)Great brunch spot. It was a very quick wait. Solid food and great service. I would highly recommend.Went for lunch with a friend today and loved it. The bread was some of the crustiest and tastiest i have had in this city, and my ham and brie tartine with fig jam was spectacularly crafted and well balanced. The duck liver mousse was light and perfectly whipped in texture, and the accompanying fruit spread was delectable (and went great on my tartine, to boot). The staff was friendly and happy to allow my friend and I to bring our own bottle of wine, and I foresee myself coming back regularly. The only thing keeping me from a five-star rating was that my friend's tuna nicoise salad appeared to have canned tuna, not fresh. She still enjoyed it, though!This shop is one of those hidden gems of New Orleans. My wife and I love to go here for breakfast and lunch. Chef Cara bakes delicious breads (and the macaroons, when they're available, are outstanding)! I think we've had all of the sandwiches Tartine offers a couple of different times and, while they're all good, the ham with fig mustard and brie is hard to beat. I don't know if it's on the menu, but I always get the eggs brioche (poached eggs inside a delicious brioche bowl).
I do have two negative points: 1) it can get very crowded at lunch time, and 2) they're not open 7 days a week. This just means you need to plan accordingly!Very good and quick lunch here recently. Probably will go regularly since it's so close to work part of the week. Delicious egg salad Tartine. But you need to do something to cover the open rack storing the steaks (or hide it somewhere). The flies alighting on the steak is not appealing.WAY off the beaten tourist path and easy to miss but their sign is so cute. Loved this place!
Salmon tartine was great - it was a salmon spread/pate not lox on baguette.
Eggs in Brioche was divine.  We sat outside.
It is an odd cafe space, but since they can't do much about it, I'm not dinging them. Perhaps a good scrubdown/fresh paint/art would fix that.
Go go go to Tartine!Ok so this place is a probably my favorite spot in NOLA right now. Service is super friendly, prices are perfect, the place is always clean and has a cool-casual vibe, and the food is ON POINT! Oh, on top of that it's BYOB. Oh, and top of that they have amazing specials. Oh, and top of that they sometimes give you lemon curd for free with your scone - just because they're nice like that. Haven't had a bad thing on the menu yet and I'm sure I will try everything on that menu by the end of the fall. The bacon bagel, pork debris benedict, and any scones are always a fan favorite with our group. 
Food Area Code: 888 (Food, Service, Ambiance)Had the Tartine Special Stuffed Baguette the other day. It was steak, bacon and cheese. They like to switch it up. I plan to come back and try them all! Bonus points for Crystal Hot Sauce.We were walking in Audubon Park and this place is just a couple blocks over so we decided to give it a shot. I was a little less thrilled with this place than other Yelpers seem to be, but overall it is a decent lunch spot. 
Ordering was a little congested with the configuration of things (trying to get a menu from next to the register while others were ordering) and then trying to stand out of the way while looking at the menu. They do have a nice little shaded outdoor seating area which I was happy about and a pretty good amount of tables inside as well. 
I had the tuna sandwich which was fine, but a little too much tuna or not enough other toppings as I couldn't really taste anything else, I also prefer a little toast on my bread with a tuna sandwich (or at least the option). My bf had the turkey stuffed baguette special and when I asked him if he liked it he said it was good bread, not anything overwhelming great. We both really liked the bean salad that came on the side. Everything seemed very fresh and the staff was friendly and worked quickly. 
Breakfast menu seemed more intriguing to me than the lunch menu so if I came back, I'd like to give breakfast a shot.Eggs baked in brioche,  everyone one here has reviewed it and it is as good as they say.
I've also had the pork tartine and it was delicious too.I can not emphasize enough how perfect this place is! A group of us originally went for breakfast but missed it by 30 mins "breakfast ends at 11am by the way" so we ate lunch there instead. It was fantastic! We all shared our dishes and they were all perfect, not one bad thing was served to us. I personally had a grilled steak sandwich and I couldn't get enough, the break was perfectly toasted and the favors were a heavenly combination of rich french favors. I would definitely recommend to everyone to try this place!Definitely the BEST place uptown (maybe even in the city) for an excellent breakfast and/or lunch in an amazing quaint atmosphere. All of their bread products are made in house (they're also a bakery) and everything is to die for! However my favorite is the breakfast tartine, which they'll serve to you until they run out!
Whether you're starving or just looking for something light, you honestly cannot go wrong. They're also quite reasonably priced for their quality and serving size. Plus their staff is phenomenally nice and helpful!This place is worth the wait in line.  I had to go here after reading reviews and everything looked so good that my daughter I ended up buying a small feast and carried it around San Francisco snacking and enjoying the sights.  I highly recommend it.Blissful - that's how I'm feeling after another wonderful brunch at Tartine's. Brunch at Tartine's has become a family tradition for our final morning in NOLA after visiting our son at Tulane. It makes a sad time enjoyable as we say our goodbyes over some of the best food in New Orleans. 
This morning my son had this steak dish with a Mexican flare - wish I could remember the name but it had a beautiful hunk of flank steak cooked perfectly with pico de gallo served with vegetable rice, smooth refried beans, and two eggs. Husband had a steak filled pastry with veggies, daughter had the French toast (could have used a bit more fruit to balance the very rich taste of the toast). By far, the best dish was the NOLA shrimp and grits served with eggs that my youngest son, a friend and I had. From the first bite of just the grits and gravy, I was in heaven!  The gravy was light, yet rich and slightly spicy. The grits were velvety and creamy. The shrimp cooked perfectly. I had mine with eggs over easy that when cut and mixed with the grits just made every bite better than the last. The serving was so large that my husband and oldest son each took some!
Tartine's, we love you!  Can't wait to return!I love this place. The ham ,Brie Tartine is amazing!I think we can all agree the food at Tartine is amazingly delicious. This review is for the King Cakes Tartine produced this Mardi Gras.  In my opinion, they belong on the list of the best King Cakes I've ever had, and definitely the best this year.  Move over Gambino's and Haydel's!HIdden gem, which is listed as a French bakery as of this review. It's really more of a small sandwich shop, but not a "slap it together" kind of sandwich. True care and excellent service abound. 
It's right next to Uptown Square, just off of Broadway. Hard to believe this is tucked away, but if it wasn't it'd probably be too crowded. Check it out! Great for breakfast too, so I'm told.
Steak sandwich was wonderful!This place is a little silly. Older, rich ladies seem to love it, though. I had the shrimp salad with seasonal veggies. It was like $14? A bit much in my opinion. It was pretty decent but had way too much going on. Like random ingredients all thrown together. My date had the steak sandwich which he said was alright, not great. He had coffee and I had a coke. I think our bill was like $35? Too much. But the fancy ladies don't seem to mind one bit.If it was only a little closer to where I was staying... but that would have been dangerous for my waistline and I guess that's part of the charm of this place.  The fresh baguettes with the Salmon Rillette and the baked eggs in brioche were delicious!  Wish we had a place that served this in San Francisco...  I guess I'll have to go back to NOLA!Obsessed. Almost don't want to review because I don't want it to get crowded. Everything is delicious. Go early before they run out!Holy moly ! Why had I not written a review for this place yet ?? My friend brought me here for breakfast one day and every time I return to Nola and come here they never disappoint .
The place is small and seating is limited inside but the food never disappoints ! The smell when you walk in just consumes you . 
The portions are huge that you can't even finish it ! 
Self serve for drinks which is a nice option . I really was impressed with this place . 
I've had the scones which were perfect and warm ! You can't go wrong with their scones !
Anything I mean anything on their menu is delicious .A pretty simple place, not much for decor, but the food is really great. Their fig mustard alone is worth the visit.Stop reading and just go. We just ate here for the first time & were literally giddy over every bite. The food is freaking incredible & very reasonably priced. I don't even understand how a place like this exists. I would give this place 6 stars if I could. 
We ordered: 
-Carrot soup (pure HEAVEN)
-Side garden salad (not just a salad... This thing is on a completely different level of delicious) 
-Ham tartine (the combo of perfectly warm and soft/crispy fresh bread+generous amount of Brie+ham+some divine fig mustard leaves me speechless) 
-Grilled veggie sandwich (I swear to you there must be a team of guys out back grilling these veggies. They have such a backyard smoky flavor & the sandwich is warm and saucy and amazing)
New favorite place to go for lunch and brunch. Cannot wait to come back!!!After eating had to check my GPS to see if I was in France. The baked eggs in brioche are amazing, as well as the scones with lemon curd. If you are missing French bistro food come here and travel back to the street bistros of France.Well I have now been to Tartine at least 5 times and it is just as good if not better than when I first visited. The rillettes sandwich is classic as are the bagel with bacon and fried eggs special served on weekends. But the highlight is the shrimp crepe, a Sunday special last week. (Check FB for menu specials.)The crepe is plenty full of perfectly cooked shrimp and is topped with a very light cream sauce which accents but doesn't overwhelm the dish.  It was accompanied last Sunday by a spinach salad beautifully dressed and a mound of soft scrambled eggs that Julia Child would have been proud of. I have also had the eggs baked in brioche which is also a tribute to classic French cuisine. 
The only reason this is not a 5 star establishment is the décor. The wall décor is fine but the tables and chairs look like they were bought at the Luther's BBQ liquidation sale. They are also in disrepair, read wobbly. New tables and chairs would alone be enough to rejuvenate the look and make the ambiance a match to the high caliber cuisine.If you're looking to take an afternoon trip to Paris, look no further than Tartine. My first experience at this little French breakfast and sandwich shop was nothing less than excellent. I ordered the "Ham Tartine" and the collection of flavors in each bite was unbelievable. The baguette was toasted to perfection; the ham was savory; the fig mustard was sweetly astounding. The cherry on the top of it all was the service. A graceful man named "Michael" was very helpful from the time I walked in until the moment I left. I highly recommend this petit café. C'est magnifique!We went to brunch at Tartine on Sunday and loved it!  The restaurant is very cute and smells like bread and melted cheese, heaven!  I tried the Nicoise salad and the house pate tartine and they were both excellent.  It's hard to find a really good vinaigrette, but their salad was spot on!  I would go back any time!I really want to like this place.  However, I must be honest.  The front door doesn't work.  There is no sign saying to go the the door on the side of the building.  I had to ring the doorbell to get inside.  I came for breakfast and ordered the quiche.  It was OK.  I had to send it back, as it was still ice cold in the center.  Apparently, it was cooked the day before, and wasn't reheated long enough.  Quite honestly, the quiches at La Madeline are much better, if served in the morning.  Perhaps their other offerings are better, based on Yelp reviews below.  No internet!  Lastly, I have been to Paris and Barcelona many times, and the quiches there were MUCH better!  Even the reheated ones!!!!  (And much more inexpensive.)Scone heaven. Fuffy in the middle, thin crunchy crust of sugar, crunchy edges, lovely flavor. Best is almond and cherry, but i will take what's available that day. Had never failed me. 
Ham and brie with fig mustard on house made french bread is inspired. The house salad has sublime dressing, cheese, anddried blueberrirs. Even the turkey sandwich has tasty, high quality ingredients delicious.  Pork rillette looks nasty,  but has rich,  moist flavor, with the cornichons adding the right bit of acidity. Found the quiche to be bland. 
King cake was voted the best by my officeFood is DELISH! My favorites are the tuna nicoise, pork rillette tartine and the french baguettes. And you can't go wrong with any of the desserts. I've used them for catering and it's been fresh and delicious. Friendly service. Relaxing atmosphere. And prices are very reasonable. Go get you some...Took me a while but, this was the best brunch ever! Soooooooo delicious. Was worried about portion sizes at first but was pleased to find it was quite filling and a well thought out balance of delicate and bold flavors. I had the corn beef hash with a over easy egg and andouilli sausage.I knew when I walked in I should have left. No one in the place. I guess if you are looking for Frenchish food with no flavor then you found it. Which maybe is how French food is supposed to be. Had the eggs and brioche and it was just ok. Didn't like the crispy dark brown outer shell for bread which is border burnt for me but inside was good. The eggs were not even seasoned it seemed. Just ok. Got a cappuccino and that was the worst one I've had in a while. Had good amount of foam but just as bad as a gas station machine to me. The place is small and looks better from the outside. Oh well.Best breakfast I've had while in New Orleans (possibly, ever)!! It's outside of the touristy part of town but well worth the trip! I had the brioche with poached eggs, cheese and ham baked inside, and it was SO SO GOOD!! My mouth is actually watering as I write this review. I would recommend this to anyone in a heartbeat!Absolutely LOVE this place!  I came here for the first time for breakfast, because my sis had a groupon.  Best decision of my life to wake up early for their food!  My sister got the famous ham and cheese in brioche, and it was just UNBELIEVABLE!  The brioche is just TO DIE FOR!  Just thinking about it is making me drool...and I can't have some now because they're not open at night...poop.  But I've also tried the pork rillette, and the quiche.  The pork rillette was good, but I could never choose that over the quiche.  The quiche was the best I've ever had, but I haven't tried many, so maybe that's not saying much.  I would hold the quiche up to par with the eggs in brioche if it was a bit less salty!  
Tartine is a very quaint and cute place for breakfast or brunch.  There's no doubt that I'll be coming back here when I get the chance!I arrived in this restaurant out of pure desperation. I was starving for anything anything..checked out the menu, the turkey caught my eye - I ordered. 
The smoked Turkey is prepared on a sweet french bread that is adorable. The flavor of the Turkey is delectable and prepared just right. If you like "schazzy" sandwiches, you would probably like this place. You will be reminded once you get the receipt! I did not rate it 5 stars, because $9.00 for a sandwich is hefty. 
This is a relatively new French Restaurant. It is very small but it is always crowded with patrons during lunch. There's also a patio for fabulous fall weather!Quaint little place right off Carrollton. They have an awesome bean salad served with each meal. The food is healthy and extremely tasty. Definitely going back.Tucked away a little behind Tulane undergrad, this cozy little French restaurant is right up my alley. On the outside, it's unassuming but a step in and you're greeted by a clean and rustic atmosphere. Unsure of what I wanted to order, I was kindly offered to split their pork Rillette and Pate tartines. To that I was elated because I loved both. The pork Rillette was tender and well seasoned on top of a nicely toasted pistolette. Not to be shown up, the Pate was lush and complemented beautifully with a tartness from the mustard. If you get the chance, I'd highly recommend checking out this place. Everything runs reasonably from $5-$15, so why not?Beware Tartine ( pronounced Tar-ten) if you still plan on prancing about in your swimsuit...this bakery and breakfast/lunch cafe poses a danger to your waistline. From the eponymous treat composed of fresh baked baguette, slab of brie, crock of butter and delicious jam to inventive and tasty salads and sandwiches not to mention housemade scones and pastries, it is best to keep a cardiologist on speed dial.It was a foodies delight
A small out of the way bistro that serves up wonderful treats MMMMMMMMMy favorite for New Orleans breakfast. Small, comfortable, delicious. Baked eggs in brioche and cappuccino this morning is better than anything I had in Paris!!Awesome fresh baked bread, brioche, bagels, pastries etc everyday.  Menu is terrific - lots of selection.  Pork rillette tartine is delicious. I get the ham and brie baguette (which is broiled enough to melt the cheese) at least once a week.  Salads and sides are awesome and the chocolate mousse the best I've had in a long time.My wife said it best when she remarked that this is a hidden gem,  it may not be hidden to locals but for us out of towners it was, but no longer.  You can get to it like we did on the #11 Magazine Street bus (fare only 40 cents if you're over 65 like we are), walk up an appetite in Audubon Park, stroll to Loyola, then back toward the bus stop via Broadway.   It's on Perrier St and coincidentally they serve Perrier water there.
We had the delicious Salmon Rillette sandwich and a shrimp salad.  Both were wonderful and filling.  Our only complaint?  Too much food!  ;)So impressed!!! We went to the farmers market just nearby and were looking for a lunch spot that we could walk to with our babies. I checked yelp and Tartine was closest so we went and we are SO glad we did! The entry has a few stairs but they weren't too difficult to navigate with strollers. So worth it!! I had the lunch special. It was just over $10 and was abundant! A delicious caramelized onion/gruyere/mushroom tart with a cup of cream of mushroom soup AND a bean salad that was outstanding! My friend had a lovely salad that was HUGE and delicious! I can't wait to go back!The menu is simple, but absolutely amazing. I had the tuna nicoise sandwich and it was layered with flavor and served on the most delicious homemade bread. My date had the smoked turkey sandwich- trust me, best turkey sandwich either of us had ever tasted. The food is cooked to order, but it is absolutely worth the wait. We cannot wait to return to New Orleans and eat here again!I had brunch ; the tuna nest sandwich and my lady had the salmon mystery dish. The food was ok-her food was better than mine. My sandwich was unique, but a bit salty... her food was really on point, DELICIOUS!
Please go by and try this place for your self.Simple, streamlined menu that in *no way* no detracts from the overall experience.  What they do, well, they do it well!  Quiche is fluffy, tasty and perfect for 2 folks to share.  Homemade bagels for around $1.50?  Yes!  Fresh baguettes for sale?  Yes!  Friendly people working in tiny a space?  Yes!  We've already been twice since we've been here and I foresee yet another trip in the very near future.  Highly recommend.I always love a great French cafe, and Tartine is no exception.  I enjoyed the onion and arugula quiche and my kids had amazing brioche grilled cheese. Cappuccino was yummy. Great lunch find after a morning at the zooThe baked eggs in brioche was the most amazing breakfast meal I've ever experienced.  The quality of ingredients and way it was perfectly prepared was amazing. 
I saw people having other menu items that also looked spectator, but the brioche was so yummy I'm not sure I could ever order anything different!  Oh, the coffee was also wonderful. 
This is a gourmet breakfast not a diner type experience. Don't miss this awesome dinning experience.Had the smoked house turkey sandwich which was very good. All ingredients were fresh including the bread. The staff was very nice and offered to substitute the corn salad that's given as a side for fresh fruit to my boyfriend who does not eat mayo.Byob...we brought a nice chard to compliment the beautifully simple open faced sandwiches. I ordered the Pork Rillette and I suggest you do the same.  A fresh baguette with pork, onion marmalade and cornichons. The ambience is very basic with an open kitchen and a small outdoor dining area. A neighborhood gem...Visited New Orleans with my girlfriend for a week and ate at several different restaurants and this was the only place we absolutely had to eat at twice. They do an amazing breakfast and lunch. The food is fresh, delicious and does not sit heavily. The atmosphere is simple and cozy, the staff was pleasant and patient. I would highly recommend Tartine to any tourists wanting simple french cuisine during their trip to NOLA.WONDERFUL!  This place is really a hidden jewel in the uptown area.  The interior is a little small with additional seating outside.  The food is spot on and service is quick and helpful.  The pate tartine is my favorite followed up by the ham and brie.
Do yourself a favor and visit for breakfast or lunch!The food is absolutely amazing! My new favorite lace to be. Excellent conditions for studying and hanging out in a quiet and cozy atmosphere.Food is very good. Place is a little small but nice. Service is very friendly. Only problem is smoke from kitchen.I have never had a flakier, eggier brioche.A true gem!  So tasty and a great outdoor patio.  Stumbled upon this place a few month ago and keep coming back for more.  I can't believe it is not packed all the time.  Egg dishes and open faced sandwiches are out of this world.  Bagels are also fantastic which are hard to come by in New Orleans.This is a cute little lunch spot Uptown. My coworker talked me into going for lunch one day a few weeks ago. Unfortunately I wasn't wowed..I ordered the salmon tartine. I guess I should have asked a few questions about it. I expected shaved salmon but this was more like ground up salmon...whatever was in it just wasn't my cup of tea. The bread and the side of beans were fantastic though!! Staff was friendly so I will definitely try this place again and update my review accordingly.We were so excited to try out this place, it was basically the first thing we did in the city after we picked up our car rental during our visit in New Orleans. We were extremely impressed with the baguettes, they taste just like in France! 
We had the daily soup, the salmon tartine, the cheese&poached egg brioche, and the cured salmon salad. It was so nice to make our own salmon sandwiches with egg, jam, salmon spread and capers. Also I loved the 3 bean salad. Eventually we took some of it home with an extra 2 baguettes to make some nice sandwiches later on. The brioche was very nice, I have not had a brioche like this before, but the bun and the juicy eggs, cream cheese and gruyere cheese were a tasty mix.
It is highly recommended to order a salad+whole baguette here and make nice sandwiches out of that, in our case the cured salmon salad sandwich turned out superb.
This was probably the first time ever I heavily over ordered, and still am disappointed for not trying the quiche..My wife and I had breakfast here. A small cozy down to earth place in New Orleans. We had eggs baked in brioche with Gruyere and a fig, Brie with ham poboy It was simply amazing. The best breakfast ever. Staff are friendly and very proud of their food. Deservedly so. I recommend this place to anyone who wants to experience great food.The stuffed brioche is one of the most amazing breakfast dishes I've ever had and the scone is perfect.  Scones are typically dry and gross but this one was slightly crisp on the outside but a little moist on the inside.  
Don't be turned off by the relaxed atmosphere of the dining area.  This place is super laid back and casual.  It's a little small too, so I wouldn't bring a large group, but the food is superb.Hidden gem. I stopped here with my husband and son after an early baseball game at nearby Carrollton fields Sunday. I ordered French toast. It was the best French toast ever eaten in my life. My husband ordered the brioche stuffed with two eggs. Bread was incredible. My son ordered breakfast sandwich on ciabatta. He took one bite and said,"This is really good". Hardly faint praise from an 11year old! Make time to go here. Food came out quickly, very reasonable prices, and small French cafe atmosphere.Found this hidden gem through Yelp one Sunday morning, decided to try it out for family breakfast. The smell alone when you walk in is worth 5 stars, they do catering orders so there are always pastries or some type of great smelling items in the oven, the place smells like what I'd expect Heaven to smell like.
Anyway the breakfast itself was outstanding. I got the special, which was eggs, latkes, pork and a fruit cup, and for my 4 year old we got her the Tartine with cheese and jam. My food was great, but finding a place where my 4 year old will actually anything that's not french fries or a hamburger is a win in my book.
While we were here we also noticed they do a Plat du Jour (Dish of the Day in french) on Tuesday and Thursday where they fix a full to go meal for you for $20 a plate. The meal itself was 3-4 courses, great deal so we decided to buy it. Again we were not disappointed. and 2 plates filled up all 3 of us.
I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for something different for breakfastOutstanding brioche with egg n cheese.  Very light, tasty and the French press coffee was excellent!Stopped.in for quick healthy lunch while checking out the neighborhood.
Sat outside on the super cute back porch. Great food and quick service.  I was not expecting the great flavors of the 3 bean salad. Very good.I just got back from lunch at Tartine. My ham and brie sandwich was delicious. The cheese was oozy and the baguette was crispy on the outside, but soft and chewy on the inside. The French press coffee was delightful- very rich and dark. I will definitely be back to try the rest of their menu.
Updated decor would really make Tartine over-the-top good. That being said, the hum drum inside of the restaurant is not enough for me to take off a star. This place is all about the food, and man, do they deliver.Great neighborhood sandwich shop / restaurant. Their breakfast is always impressive and their ham and Brie sandwich is amazing! I will drive across town just to get this sandwich! Everything is made fresh and in house including all of their breads and pastries. You really can't go wrong with anything on their menu!Wow the baguettes here are amazing. Yes, UH MAY ZING! I should have bought an extra baguette to go but I didn't, and now I'm sad.
My sis and I went here for breakfast, thanks to the courtesy Acura cars at the W Hotel.  If we didn't have the courtesy ride, this would have been a very long walk for breakfast or a $10 cab ride or a $1.25/each way on the trolley.
Anyway, we arrived at Tartine around 9:30 AM and there were a few people dining in the restaurant and one party out on the patio. I would have given the restaurant 5 stars but the amount of smoke in this small bakery/cafe was a bit overpowering. It actually hurt our eyes to be in that much smoke, but we powered through it and ate inside because the bbq on the patio was going and the smoke from that was worse. 
We ordered the breakfast tartine, pork roulette tartine, scone, coffee and tea.  Everything was great!I dream of Tartine. No, seriously... I could eat here every day except Sundays (because they are closed on Sundays).  Tucked away on the corner of Perrier and Pine Street next to Uptown Square, Tartine is a welcomed addition to the sandwich scene. Typically filled with Uptown moms, this place offers a great selection of sandwiches and baked goods. Tartine means an open-faced sandwich, and my favorite tartine is the pork rillette. The pork rillette is savory and full of flavor. Some other tasty options are the ham sandwich and the grilled vegetables. If I'm feeling more of a breakfast mood, I dive right into the baked eggs in brioche with ham. This little heaven in a bread basket is what I want to wake up to every morning. The brioche is so flaky and light and the poached eggs are cooked to perfection. The ham is a complementary salty companion to the meal. Now for dessert...the chocolate eclair. This is the best chocolate eclair that I've ever had! The light custard filling married with the dark chocolate glaze on top is the perfect end to the meal. Enough dreaming, go eat at Tartine now!Super tasty food! The bread tastes really fresh and delicious. I don't normally like bread that much but theirs is really good. Also, really friendly, helpful people work here.I really liked this place! It has an insider flavour to it. It's small and personal. And the food is just on point. Reasonable prices around 10$ per dish. 
Loved going hereMmm. Good. Authentic bread made in store brings me back to my roots (PR). The bread crust is a bit hard after toasting, but the taste redeems it completely. I could eat this food for breakfast lunch and dinner forever!Extremely burnt brioche with no recompense and bad service, they forgot a latte. The first latte was good, and last time this place was great. Very disappointed!Very cute little french style eatery.  Was not impressed with the tuna sandwich (which turned out to be tunafish salad, and not tuna steak).  But the veggie sandwich is very good.  I would go back and try more things...just to be back in this cozy little spot off the beaten path, and pretend I am in Paris.What a dream to have Chef Cara baking fresh ciabatta, baguettes and scones just a few doors down from my house! My wife and I eat here at least three times a week and have never been dissapointed. She only uses top quality stuff and it comes through in the simple goodness of the food. My favorites include the steak sandwich, made with real filet on ciabatta, the smoke ham on baguette with the fig spread and brie, any of the scones, and the pork rillette. Honestly it is silly  to try and list my favorites, I have never had a morsel of food at tartine that I would not gladly order again. Cara also does custom cakes, which are needless to say, excellent.I order the turkey sandwich and it is very simple but so delicious!!! I would definitely go back, if I lived here. #yummyBest pain perdu (French toast) I've ever had. Absolutely delicious. I highly recommended.Out of towners just stopped in on a Friday morning and I must say the breakfast was absolutely perfect. I think we came on a good day too because the Baguette Special was Bacon Turkey and Swiss! So savory yet light.excellent, they did a mistake inout order but they brought us one more meal for free. the foods are very very delicious.Such a quaint little cafe. The food is delicious. We ordered a Nicoise sandwich that came on a fluffy croissant with a savory tapenade and baked eggs in brioche. So yummy! The coffee is the best I've had since I've been to New Orleans. I got a single french press. Prices are super reasonable, only good things to say about this place. I'll definitely be back!My recent visit to Tartine was my first so I am basing this review on a one time visit... Old house turned sandwich shop with an uptown flair. Missed the breakfast but if I have a chance to I will try to make it there before 11 a.m. to try their breakfast menu. Order and sit type place. The wait wasnt long. The employees were very nice. The food is not bad but it isnt New Orleans style sandwiches like I know them. Nothing  "sloppy" or "overstuffed" so if you want those types of sandwiches dont try this place. While I will probably try it again I am not sure it will be a stop that I will make often...Tartine is definitely worth your time, especially for a nice, quiet lunch place.  
All the breads are baked right behind the counter. My salmon rillette was smooth & creamy, not too rich.  Onion marmalade was totally delish, not too rich.  Wife had ham and brie sandwich on delicious chewy white baguette.  One kid had grilled cheese but it was on brioche with gouda and fontina oozing out. The other had a bacon & egg sandwich that was perfectly done on a ciabatta roll; (maybe had a little arugula pesto on it?). She gobbled it.  
It's worth a trip to find excellent, tucked-away Tartine.Best brunch I've had in Nola. The French toast is a must. Outside covered dining adds to the atmosphere and if you so choose the bagels add a good kick start to the day. Just a short trip off St Charles and a stroll from AudubonBest breakfast I've ever had.  French inspired, light, and delicious.  The baked eggs Brioche is usually incredible.Tartine is a really great lunch spot in uptown New Orleans. Located right off broadway on the riverside of St. Charles Ave Tartine reminds me of a classic french sandwich spot. It really is AMAZING what they can turn out of a cooking area literally the size of a closet. The selection includes tartine (open faced sandwiches), traditional sandwiches, salads, and baked goods.
Most recently I went with a friend for lunch and got the Tuna Nicoise salad. It was very good and came with a hearty amount of romaine lettuce dressed in a mustardy vinaigrette, hearts of palm, beans, tomato, baguette slices, delicious fresh tuna salad, capers, anchovies... you get it. It was so good, although, at $12 a little pricier for lunch. My friend got the turkey sandwich, and while he enjoyed it and the fresh bread, I think there are more creative places to grab sandwiches. That really kind of hits the point o Tartine on the nose, no they are not the most creative lunch place or the most innovative, they have a small menu, but they do what they have very well and in a way that honors the classics.
They also have really good coffee. Single cups come in really cute french presses and the cafe au'lait is delicious. Yelp gives you a free small coffee with a purchase so try it out!
This by no means will become my favorite lunch spot, but, I will totally use it to break up my visits to Milk Bar and St. James.This place is a real hidden gem. It is my favorite place for breakfast Uptown. Try the baked eggs in brioche!Absolutely my favorite place to go for a tuna nicoise salad ($12). It's definitely an entree portion and very filling. Comes predressed. I've also tried the tuna nicoise sandwich and it's ok, too bready for me and pales in comparison to the salad. 
And their quiche is to die for! DIE. FOR. I am always devastated when they are sold out by lunch. Even heated up at home the next day it's still scrumptious to the last bite! 
I've had a couple of their sandwiches, all super tasty and aromatic, but honestly, TINY for the price. I may be petite but I have a voracious appetite and their cute open face baguettes just aren't gonna cut it.I like this place a lot but am not a fan of the switch from the great sides to just spring mix with a little balsamic vinegar in the bottomTuna Nicoise was delish! We've visited several times and never left disappointed with the quaint atmosphere, good food, and smiling staff. Love having them in the neighborhood.delicious food! recommend the lemon curd and the salmon tartine. they have an open kitchen, so you can watch the food being made.This is far and away one of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans. I've been twice now and tried the Nutella bread (a kid's meal option), baked brioche, and the ham tartine. The ham tartine is by far my favorite, with ham, brie cheese and a sweet and spicy fig mustard.
It's so good that I once had a nightmare that they were out of ham tartines when I tried to order...Its ok. Salmon sandwich we've ordered looked like a canned salmon, all shredded, it came with cute tiny baguette, capers, shredded boiled egg and jelly. Their bean salad on the side is great though (bean salad mix with avocados )! But I'd say prices are too high for the food that was served. It looks cute and cozy inside. We sat outside and there were lots of flies there - later Ive noticed that their garbage cans are right beside the sitting area(behind the fence).We ate like kings in NOLA, with most of our meals in only the finest establishments.  In this unassuming little shop however, you will find some of the best food NOLA has to offer at a fraction of the price of those fine dining places.  You will also receive a unique meal that can't be found in many places.  
I say go with the tartine (when in rome..), an amazing open faced french sandwich.  I had the pork rillette which was moist and tasty.  The french bread is homemade (like all of their bread here), and their bread is THE BEST I HAVE EVER HAD.  I may drive down from Boston with a UHAUL just to store it year round.  Complementing the sandwich are little pickles and a fig jam.  Eat it all together and BAM, euphoria (more than you will get in any of Emeril's places).  My wife had the croque madame which was a very good sandwich, just not quite as good as my pork rilette tartine.  The bread with the croque madame was more amazing than the french bread with the tartine though.  
As a tourist with no car we had a bit of trouble getting here, about a 15min walk from the rail car in the heat.  It was worth it though, and then the zoo was a short walk (about 10mins) from the restaurant.  
If I come back to NOLA, Tartine's is easily on my top 3 restaurants to revisit.  Who would've thought a sandwich shop would be that great?Exceptional. The quiche is huge and filling, without being over-the-top. The baked goods are chewy and fluffy.Such sandwiches! Such fig mustard! Such cheese! How can such a place be so hidden? Please go, and give your money to them, so that they can make more sandwiches for me to eat. There is also blood orange soda. Get that, too. It tastes good. Lovely patio space, where you can go with your pet. Your pet will have a good time.It's 11:30 on a Saturday and I look to my boyfriend and ask him what he wants to do for lunch. There is a statistically significant probability that his answer will be Tartine (followed by a visit to Crescent City Comic Books, yeah we don't try to be awesome, we just are). 
Do yourself a favor and share with your party, because you won't want to limit yourself to one freshly baked bite of amazing. The pork rillette is a staple and zomg the house made pate will make you a believer. You'll be too sated for desert, but that is what to-go bags and a walk to the river are for. You are welcome. I just planned your best date ever. 
Tartine also has amazing party trays. While listening to the Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra's rendition of the Star Wars theme in City Park, we got to nosh on little pork rillettes. Um yeah, it's pretty perfect.Thursday morning breakfast at Tartine was the first meal of our NOLA vacation and we liked it so much we went again on Friday.  
The scones are PERFECT!!  My friend and I shared a scone before our meal but I did not make the same mistake on Friday.  I ordered my own and it came with a side of lemon curd - YUM!  The other indidivual scone was served with strawberry jam - also YUM! 
Entrees:  All were served with fresh strawberries   
Quiche - delicious flavor, but quite difficult to cut through the bottom crust.  I decided to pick up the crust and eat it with my hands, totally worth it!
Baked Eggs in Brioche with Ham - absolutely delicious, best order of the table.  We added a little tobasco, but that was it.
Tartine Plate - fresh cheese and wonderful bread served with butter and jam.  Can't go wrong!
I ordered hot tea thinking there would be mint.  There was not as far as I could tell, but the owner (I think) found out where the extra mint tea was stored and brought it out for me.  Everyone on staff that we encountered was pleasant and friendly.
Great atmosphere, prices, and food!  My only compaint is that I couldn't get a scone with lemon curd on sunday and monday - but I understand that small business owners need a break too.  I will definitely go back to Tartine the next time I am in NOLA and would recommend it to anyone in search of the perfect scone!Walked in on yelp recommendations.  
Walked out so full and happy. 
Brioche and the Salmon Rillette were brilliant.  
Possibly the greatest Bkfst. 
Watched them make ham sandwiches. 
Ooo 
Tom Kessler
Colchester, CTEggs in Brioche was divine. My husband had the French bread ham and Brie and IT was also heavenly. The smell of fresh baked breads when you walk in is always a good thing in my book! Will return.Its a small hole in the wall tucked away on the tulane campus. When my party got there we almost didnt notice it. But once you enter you are greeted with the warm aromas of bread. 
We had no problem getting seated at 11am on a Sunday even though the restaurant was slightly full. Their service is actually quite fast and you can expect your meal 15-20 minutes into ordering. 
I got a pate on ciabatta bread and got some yummy jam and pickles on the side. My only complaint was the pate was more solid than a mousse that i would have expected. There was no compromise in flavor, it tasted great. 
Husband got salmon pasted on baguette with jam and capers. Also really good, love that the mix had some whole salmon bits in it. All in all, the food was a delightful experience. Was slightly disappointed with the pate.It's like eating in the french country side. An uptown hidden gem. I love the tartines and rillettes. If you're a salmon fan, you'll get your fill with the salmon rillette. I love interactive eating and the deconstructed nature of condiments and fresh baguette on a plate appeal to me. Eat here.I loved the breakfast I ate here the first day were when I came to the city of New Orleans   and really warm, I met friendly people.When I arrived forgot to check in. I more coming and I'll do this once check-in
I think the best in town reflects the french kitchen (cuisine)If you love pate, say no more. Hands down delicious! My picky eaters loved it. It exceeded my expectations. It was 30 minutes out of the way for me but worth it! The salmon roulette was delish so was the cheese for the tartine. Price is very reasonable. It's hard to find a place with dishes like that. Simple but pleasant. I want more! This is my go to place for brunch, I do wish they open a bit later.Fortunately (or unfortunately) Tartine is very close by.  Their daily specials are my favorites - new soups, sandwiches (particularly croque monsieurs) and quiches each day.  None of this includes the delicious desserts (depending on the day - carrotcake cupcakes to eclairs to cheesecake brownies).I've been here a number of times now. Small friendly joint with great food.
Pork rillete tartine - not bad, but nothing amazing.
Ham tartine - really good
Eggs in brioche - friggin delicious
All the quiches - friggin delicious
The breakfasts come with fruit. 
The bread here is made fresh in house and is some of the best bread ever. 
2nd favorite breakfast place in Nola next to cameliaI was in the mood for a salad and asked the girl behind the counter to tell me her favorite. She recommended the shrimp salad with the vinaigrette. Boy, was she ever right! I can't do the ingredients justice, but I'll say this was the best salad I've had all year. The veggies were crisp and flavorful. The shrimp were juicy and bursting with taste. Just wow. This place is a winner.The bread is AMAZING fresh and melts in your mouth!!!!! I got the baked eggs in brioche -INCREDIBLE. The staff is so nice too and such a cozy, warming atmosphere. And the BEANS!!!! Such an interesting flavor but I can't get enough of them!Excellent, took my little dog and ate on patio. I had croque Monsieur and small salad, delicious ! My friend had salmon tartine (open faced sandwich) and got scones to go. Went last Sunday and want to return this Sunday. Order inside, get your own drinks and silver. That would annoy me if the food wasn't so great. Good portion size too. You won't leave hungry.The pate tasted and looked bad, Salmon (salad) was not fresh. When I wanted to change my dish, I had to pay for another dish! Disgrace! The staffed baguette was great but I don't recommend the restaurant due to the bad service.You have to try the brownies--they are so rich and delicious that it took two sittings for me to finish one.
The quiche was out of this world--you can tell they use the best of ingredients because the flavor comes through--light years away from frozen quiche and twice as thick.THIS is a TRUE hidden gem in NOLA! One of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The ham tartine was phenomenal. Warm, fresh ham with a generous thick cut slice of brie on each half of the crispy French baguette, with a sweet marmalade to finish it off. Just enough brie so you get a decent amount in each bite; and the warm ham makes it nice and soft. Simple, yet perfect. I can't wait to return and try a couple of other menu items. The variety of cookies, scones and other sweets looked tempting although I did not try any.
They are only open for breakfast and lunch. Very casual and off the beaten path. Great friendly service. They have seating inside and outside on the patio. I highly recommend this place for a quick, casual breakfast or lunch.Great salad spot, coffees great too. I really like the cured salmon salad, the vinaigrette was perfect, and the flavor combinations so good together-they have mandarin slices on the salad- nice w the salt of cured salmon flavor and crunch of perfectly dressed salad. Always a return for me when in NOLA!get the ham tartine!! I'm going back as soon as possible for a repeat... we were unable to talk for the entire meal because we didn't want to distract ourselves from our sandwiches. I'm hoping to try the baked brioche.The stuffed brioche is absurdly tasty. Perhaps because it's filled with an absurd amount of butter but you can't knock the results. I don't even care for poached eggs, but they just work with this dish and the herbs give it a great aroma.
Their scones are also great. The ones I had were filled with macadamia nuts which were an excellent addition.Loved it! The food was super fresh. Everything we tried was delicious. Went for brunch and had a quiche and fresh fruit as well as a fresh baguette. Delicious! Will go again!My family and I go to this local breakfast place all the time I love it! Their salmon rilette is delicious and very filling -- any time I want a big breakfast, I go to Tartine.I would've never found this place if I wasn't taken there by a friend.
The place is small and quaint. Service was friendly.
We had the salmon rillette, which was my favorite, and a pork rillette. The pork was good too, but kind of reminded me of a tuna taste. We also shared a stuffed brioche that was very tasty. The coffee was just okay . 
This was my first experience with rillette so I don't have much to compare to but I'm definitely a fan. I'd come back next time I'm in town.What a cute little French Bistro. Stopped here for lunch on a Tuesday and had the turkey sandwich. It was great and they even gave me a free hand dipped chocolate chip cookie. So nice!!!Cozy place with friendly service. Enjoyed an enormous, delicious salad and "forced" myself to finish a tasty scone.very cute and friendly place.  i appreciate the service, offerings, and care taken in the food preparation.  i've had the pork rillette tartine, which was good; tasted the house pate tartine, which was ok; and had the house smoked turkey sandwich, which sounded great but was only ok.  i've also had the bread pudding with berries on it, which i think would've been good if it was fresh (tasted like it had been in the fridge for a while).  it's not a bad place and i will try other things, then amend my review accordingly.One of the absolute best restaurants I've been to in New Orleans. Service is excellent and the location is terrific. Despite being consistently good with friendly staff the wait time is very minimal. I would recommend trying it out.Today was my first visit and I'm in love! Small and quaint but the food has a HUGE presence! I ordered the quiche of the day (Lorraine). It was extremely tasty. Every layer full of character! It was basically like having a party in my mouth! Ha Customer service is huge to me, and they definitely have it!! From the time I arrived until I left the staff was extremely welcoming and genuine! I will definitely be back!!I am a fan of this place, have been twice now (for breakfast/brunch) and almost went again a few days ago. but there are caveats!
first I love the Salmon Rillette, which comes with fresh baguette, salmon pate, capers, sweet onion jelly, egg shavings (there are probably serious foodie terms for some of this ;-). the baked goods we have had were very nice as well, especially the scone with lemon curd.
not so thrilled about the coffee. one time it was ok, nothing special, but another it was bitter and heavy.
the big disappointment is the atmosphere. for a place that serves such sensitive and artful food it's surprising that it's so unpleasant inside. most of it has to do with the banks of fluorescent bulbs that are the main lighting. the only windows are at the front, so that's where we try to sit. granted we are a little sensitive to lighting, but really this is verging on atrocious!
basically the food is so damn good, it outweighs the disappointing atmosphere. staff has been friendly both times.WOW!! What a gem! Fantastic freshly prepared food and great service! Well worth making this detour...Highly recommended!!I have been here twice (I work within walking distance) and it has been really good both time. I eat early so I have never had to wait. The fresh bread is amazing and you can tell each item in the sandwich is homemade. I am also in love with the side "salad" that comes with the sandwich - it is a bit different each time but always excellent. This is a great place for lunch.I would give this place more stars if I could.  This breakfast and lunch spot is out of the way and very unassuming and unpretentious.  The food is out of this world.  I had the best meal I've had in New Orleans by myself and then returned the next day with my 3 kids., to sample a variety of options The baked brioche with poached eggs were perfection.  The ham, Brie and fig mustard sandwich was delicious.  The steak sandwich and the day's special, cured salmon BLT with avocado and a fried egg on top were heavenly. Very reasonably priced.fabulous. small in size but not in flavor. Delicious soup sandwiches and breakfast items. Indoor and outdoor seating. Took my dog there and they let us sit outside provided water for her and we're very helpful with anything I needed. Will return. They do close early at 3.I wish there were more stars so I could this place seven stars. A great breakfast/brunch experience.  Relaxed atmosphere.  Staff was professional and friendly.  Shrimp and grits with poached eggs cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Even the bagel and cream cheese were worthy of seven stars.Ambiance is authentic. 
It's basically in a house in a residential neighborhood. 
The staff cooks the food and takes your order which is badass for some reason. 
The eggs in brioche was amazeballs. The bacon was a solid add, but it was a lil too much bacon: ask for half serving and I think it'd be solid. My girlfriend got the veggie Sammich which was top notch. 
Food came out quickly-ish. Semi tough to find. But worth it.I miss this place so much. Every time I visit NOLA, this is the highlight of my trip. Highly recommend the salmon rillette!!At first, I thought we were at the wrong place. It's in the middle of a residential area. But the place is stellar. You walk in and the kitchen is open to the dining area so you can see then cooking your order. It feels like you're eating at someone's house. Super friendly staff. Good coffee. GREAT food. Order the eggs brioche. The veggie sandwich was also delicious.I'm starting to become a scone junky thanks to Tartine. They bake all their pastries and breads in-house, and you can purchase baguettes to take home and make your own sandwiches. The baked eggs in brioche was really good, and so was the vegetarian quiche. It's worth going out of your way to try, but thankfully it's only three blocks from my house.WOW!!!!  This place is just AMAZING.  The employees LOVE what they do-they definitely take pride in their product. The place is cute.. and the SMELL is incredible.  Now let's talk food.. their baked egg in brioche--SOOOO GOOD.  Never seen it anywhere else,and I go out to eat a LOT.  Their quiche--INCREDIBLE.  I think it's the best quiche I've ever had.  Period.  I WILL return.  Bring csh!!! :)$20 cinnamon and cream cheese king cake. Super moist and one of the best I've had! The cream cheese was thinly spread throughout and added to the flavor and texture without being heavy. Everyone was super impressed and wanted to know where it was from. Even those who aren't a fan of king cakes became believers. Tartine's king cakes are hidden gems! I'll have to come back to try their other foods and pastries!Absolutely wonderful place to get breakfast in NOLA. Actually top 3 in my opinion. They basically make everything from scratch and they always switch up their daily scone and quiches. I'm not lying when i say I've never been disappointed with anything that I got here. I have only had breakfast here. They also have some of the best french press in the city with French Truck which is locally roasted and you can taste the difference. If you want a solid breakfast in the city, stop by tartine and you will be charmed by the food and ambiance.
MUST TRY in NOLAFresh everything. This place has a charming feel and some of the best young chefs in the city. It is in an unusual location, but I go back regularly - it is totally worth a detour. Been for breakfast and lunch many times and everything is always extremely well done.  Daily specials expand the somewhat small menu - but literally, it is all good. Small French press coffee for just $3 - outstanding. Best quiche ever - perfect crust and texture. Bakery items are also very excellent - scones, cakes, etc. Amazing king cake too.This place is the best brunch in New Orleans. There I said it!!!
Cheap and authentic! Service is friendly and fast and portions are a generous size for those hungry when waking up after a loooong NOLA night!
They have a nice patio where I like to sit and enjoy their tartines or their quiches (both amazing). All the coffee you want to drink and if you compliment them enough they return the favor with OUT OF THIS WORLD AMAZING sweet scones! 
This is for sure one of my fav places to go on a Sat or Sunday!King cake is the BEST, my office decided this. The brioche dough is lovely, and the filling is cinnamon and cream cheese mixed together in a decadent wonderment. 
Love the scones, and the ham and brie sandwich. Nice folks!!!
My only complaint is that ventilation could be improved--sometimes I go home smelling of the kitchen.The staff was super friendly and accommodating. Excellent food (quiche)!!! My husband and I enjoyed the quaint atmosphere, the culture...We had our babies with us and we kept them open a little late trying to get our twins back outside, but they were most polite and accommodating.Tried a couple sandwiches ... The smoked turkey and the special, an andouille sandwich, both were delicious. The andouille was more like a sausage sandwich, sometime andouille can be overpowering this one was just right for a sandwich....at least to me. The iced coffee was perfect, the serve it unsweetened which is how I like it. The service was friendly. The food was served quickly. I'll be back for sure!Tartine,
This is my 1st stop when I arrive in Nola. The second is Toast. No wonder because they are both owned by the talented Chef Cara.
I love the morsels at both places, and the ambience. Her servers are always upbeat and attentive. They are little gems that I look for when on location. I look forward to another visit to Nola and get my Tartine, and Toast fix.
Thank you Cara.The ham, Brie, and fig tartine is best sandwich I've ever eaten. It is such a treat. The egg salad tartine is also delicious.Great neighborhood place. The rilettes are good but the sandwiches and salads are phenomenal. Portion sizes are large and the price is good too. I love the roasted veggie sandwich. Kids options are good too including Nutella and brioche.This place is great. The staff is friendly, and the special is always something new. You can never go wrong trying that day's special  or just getting a favorite off the everyday menu. It may be a little pricey, but it's always well worth it.We look forward to eating breakfast at this place every time we visit New Orleans. The baked eggs in brioche are heavenly! A must try!Tartine is a small, clean, charming, restaurant with a friendly staff that is probably best known by locals. My mom and I were visiting New Orleans for the Rock N' Roll Marathon and on our last day before our flight we decided to take the Trolley car all the way down the line to visit Tartine. We were there first thing on Monday morning so we nearly had the place to ourselves. We both got the Eggs in Brioche. It was incredible. The bread is flaky/light, the sauce delicious, and eggs were cooked perfectly. We wanted to savor each bite (even more so because we were trying to figure out how we could recreate this at home ha ha). So it's a little out of the way...the best things usually are!!!Love the eggs in brioche, it's their must have item. The people working there are super friendly and welcoming. Check out groupon, they sometimes have offers there.A trip to New Orleans would be wasted without a breakfast here. At least one or two. One of the best meals we've ever had! Wow. Well deserving of 5+ stars!Smack dab in a residential district. This place is one of those places that prides itself on being a little yuppy eating place. We ate breakfast, which for me consisted of baked eggs in brioche. It got great reviews. But I'm not sure what is so good about egg yolks in a bread bowl. My wife got the salmon spread which was just ok. The best things were the huge PBJ and grilled cheese that the kids got. 
I don't really get the need to fancy up breakfast, so take this review with a grain of salt. The kids liked it.In our 5 days in NOLA, this was by far the best breakfast we had, thanks to Yelp, because we would never have found it if it wasn't for Yelp. It's a cute little French inspired place tucked away in the Garden District.
I loved the cute atmosphere and accommodating staff. My husband got the egg in brioche which was very delicious despite how simple it seems.
I wanted the Tartine but I also wanted to try the salmon rillette and they made a combo of the two for me. The French bread was heavy and good quality, the salmon rillette was delicious and not heavy like I thought it would be. I loved the presentation. 
My got coffee and unfortunately the coffee was extremely watery and they had no half and half. I got a cappuccino which was made with one of those home machines and did not taste like cappuccino at all. So one star off for the bland coffees 
All in all, it was a great meal and we will definitely be back here next time we go to New Orleans.I've been here over five times now and sampled something different every time, including the lemon curd scone, salmon Rillette, steak sandwich, baked brioche, ham quiche and spinach quiche. By far my favorite item on the menu is the ham tartine.This place is so cute. I've been here once before but wasn't a huge fan of what I got that time. This time I had a salt bagel with melted Brie on it. Um, yum! Decaf latte was also good. I sat outside on the porch. Super small place. Such a nice little hidden gem in a neighborhood without many options.I love this place for brunch.  Its cheap and simple yet the food is delicious.  The service is friendly and fast and portions are adequate to leave full without wanting to die.  The patio is nice and feels backyard-y.  I personally like the quiche or the egg salad tartine, but I have yet to have anything bad.I've ordered from Tartine several times and this most recent order may be my last order. I love a good bagel with cream cheese and capers and lox. But for the fourth consecutive time, I've ordered the bagel n lox only to receive a bagel with a huge crust of salt on both sides! Just horribly salty and ruins the dish. I've even requested to not get a salted bagel but no, I get the most salt nasty thing ever. Sure the pâté and some of the other sandwiches are okay but to this many overly salted bagels just means I'm wasting my money.On a recent trip to visit Tulane, I plopped myself down in this little converted house and took a look around: There's art, there's friendly faces, and there's so many tasty items to try! I walked up to the counter and explained that I had never been there before, and the lady at the cash register just nodded and said, "Then you need to try the quiche!" The quiche changes daily and the quiche de jour was spinach and bacon. I ordered a coffee and filled it up from the do-it-yourself coffee bar (it was C&C's chicory, of course). 
The quiche came out a few minutes later-- now, quiche is usually on the dryer side. How... I ask you, HOW do they get it so moist? It may be the height-to-density ratio, it may be something like cream and butter, but whatever it is--made my mouth water. Absolutely decadent. I left fueled for my day of meetings! I had such an easy and quality experience that I ended up going back later in the day for an iced tea! :)Best quiche ever, no matter which one you choose... So smooth & creamy & loaded w/distinctive & creative flavors & cheeses!  Great soups & salads also.Came here with my wonderful gal pal, had a turkey sandwich, the house pate, and the eggs in bread bowl. All especially the latter two were fantastic, good simple food, great patio on a nice dayLove this place! Counter service, polite staff and great food tucked away uptown.  I always get the eggs baked in brioche, so goodTartine is tucked away on a quiet street that I never would have found as a tourist. Thankfully, a local resident gave us the tip. We went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and the place was more than half full with every age group represented. The interior is bright French provincial. 
There's counter service and they bring the food to your table. We ordered the tuna nicoise tartine and salmon rillette tartine. Both were delicious. The salmon comes with capers, hard boiled eggs, and a fantastic onion marmalade. Both dishes came with a tasty bean salad. Everything tasted fresh and each dish seemed well thought out. I was thrilled that someone suggested this place for us. If I lived near Tartine, I would eat there every day. Seriously.Trust me, best foods with a big quanity as well as a best quality... 
The servent placed our orders wrong, they brought us two free dishes with side of fruits.
Worth to try itAwesome little bakery!  Well-made sandwiches, quiches (changes daily), and soups made with fresh ingredients.  Good coffee drinks as well.This bakery/restaurant has been around a few years and I have never had a negative experience. Open for breakfast and lunch it is the kind of restaurant you place your order and grab a seat. When busy it is very busy. Not a place to go to when in a rush or you wish to have a quiet conversation with your lunch partner.
There is parking in the area that may cause a short walk at busy times. Outside seating is available and not bad on nice days.
The personnel is always very courteous and this is one business that stands out with very friendly people working to keep you happy. On a previous visit a main selection was divided on separate plates for my better half and me to enjoy. Great service when you consider there is really no wait staff. 
Now for the important part of this review and that is the food. It is fresh and good. Whether is it a product of the bakery, a salad, or a sandwich you will be satisfied with your selection. 
My all time favorite so far is the House Smoke Turkey with gruyere, avocado, roasted garlic aioli, lettuce on a very delicious honey wheat bread ( made on the premises ). And with some couscous that was tasty.
The Mixed Greens salad was tasty, fresh, with diverse flavors and very filling.
Take out is also available and done with a smile.Super amazing salmon rilettes!  If you're a salmon/smoked salmon kind of person, you will adore this dish.  It's basically a salmon pate - think cold salmon salad - done in the best of ways.  It's served with diced egg, capers, and a sweet onion relish, as well as a bowl of seasonal fruits.  I like to layer each slice of heaven and eat the small french loaves open-faced; otherwise, it's a lot to put into your mouth at once.  They also do a legit salade nicoise - all the necessary ingredients are there, and it's all very fresh.  I've gone with family and friends who eat some of their more familiar breakfast items such as breads, eggs and bacon, but I can't get away from that salmon rilette.  Totally worth going to, but be sure to use an app or have it pulled up on a map, as it's off the beaten path (a few blocks off of Broadway - not a bad part of town, just an odd place for a restaurant.1/30/2019 UPDATE:  I have found a solution to the 3 year debacle!  Toast on Laurel street apparently makes the Tartine king cakes the original way!  A coworker brought one in today, and it is perfect!  Exactly as the original Tartine used to make them. So get your Tartine kingcakes from Toast and enjoy their amazing ness!Great place for a Saturday breakfast. I had the stuffed brioche which was amazing. The brioche itself was buttery and flaky and had just a hit of sweetness. The sausage inside the brioche was so good, I'm not sure if they make the sausage in house but it was perfect, it was moist and tender and perfectly seasoned and the cheese was mild and nutty and nice and gooey. The brioche came with a small side of fruit that was mostly cantaloupe and blueberries which were both perfectly ripe and a good accompaniment to the rich brioche, though I would have loved a bit of homemade jam to go with it.   Service was polite and the atmosphere was nice and casual. Its a bit expensive but the quality of the food explains the expense. I'll definitely be back to try more of the menu.I had the ham tartine and it was amazing. It had ham, a big slice of brie, lettuce and a homemade mustard marmalade. The sandwich was so big I saved half for later. High quality foodStumbled upon this place when looking for a bite to eat after our zoo trip and SO glad we did! Everything was fresh and delicious. Husband got the breakfast sandwich and the roast turkey for myself.  Both great and loved the bean salad.  Très bien!A cute little french-style bakery. The Tartines were delicious, and the desserts were phenomenal.
The side dish of couscous with a simple pesto was amazing.I live literally right next to it and the food here is great.  Gets a little crowded for lunch, but understandable because Chef Cara makes REALLY REALLY good sandwiches/tartines (try the Ham one, it's my favorite).  The turkey one with avocado is also really delicious.  
Scones are $2!  And they're just the way scones are supposed to be!  All the food is made fresh and everything smells so good.  
The atmosphere is really cute and comfortable.  Overall, really enjoyed myself.  
4 stars for the slow pace though (but worth it for the good food).Still five stars, but beware of long wait times when crowded.  Watch out for parking tickets, too!
The open-face bagel sandwiches are delicious but the bagel crust is difficult to cut with the standard cutlery knife.  A steak knife would not be inappropriate.  
If you don't like a tart vinegar-based bean salad, ask for an alternative side such as fresh fruit.  
The coffee well can run dry in busy times. (The bean grinder and big Bunn brewer are right there, and enterprising patrons have been known to position an empty carafe, pop in a new basket, and hit choice "C" when the kitchen's busy).  
Finally, it is illegal to park on the side facing traffic on two-way streets in Orleans Parish (i.e. the city of New Orleans), and they ticket on Saturdays.Be still, my heart. Tartine, I will forever love you. The people here are great, and the food is amazing. The baked eggs in brioche will blow your mind.  
My favorite is the breakfast Tartine with a side of avocado. 
A few months ago they did like a catered dinner where you picked it up and everything was cooked. The menu was amazing - crab cakes, gnocchi. So good. It was a great decision. 
Everything here is so simple yet so great and filling. Tartine is love.Love their tartines, rich cheeses, sweet homemade preserves, fluffy scones, and crispy yet moist macaroons! Plus you won't feel rushed by staff as you linger over your coffee and morning newspaper on the beautiful patio. They also do an excellent job with catering!! My guests kept asking where the brownies, sandwiches, and other goodies came from! Very unique choices for your next party.
Recently ordered a dessert tray with brownies and macaroons---omg delicious.