I have been to the Trolley Stop on 3 ocassions while staying at a nearby hotel in the Garden District.  Although the place on the inside was mediocre, the food was good.  I really love the fried catfish.I was looking to fuel up after a doctor's appointment, and what should appear as I was driving down St. Charles Ave, but the Trolley Stop!  Service was quick and attentive, the food was good, and the price was right. This may not. be a restaurant that I recommend to all my out-of-town friends as a New Orleans classic, but the location is great, and the food is hot. I'd recommend the protein dishes over the carbs though.Very neat building. Shaped like the trolly in town. This stop came recommend by my lyft driver. Walk in and its a hole in the wall. You seat yourself. Not very busy even though its Essence. They have a select menu for the festival.  Friendly staff. I asked for my catfish poboy to have extra seasoning and fried crispy. It had neither bout time it came to my table. Cheese wasnt melted and the fish had no seasoning. Not entirely happy nor would i recommend this stop.Delicious food, friendly service, good prices. Open 24 hours a day. Glad to find this place.This place exceeded my expectations. I love restaurants with big menus, and they have breakfast lunch and dinner served all day. I had the seafood omelette with hot sausage added, raisin toast, and grits. I tried my boyfriends crab cake and was blown away, it was so good and the biggest crab cake I've ever seen. The cocoa was a great dessert to end the meal. The server was pretty forgetful, she didn't get my order complete right, but she had great recommendations and checked on us regularly. Overall a really good experience!I visited The Trolley Stop on a Sunday afternoon during brunch hours. Our server was Charlotte! She has an amazing personality. The food was the best part and the price was even better. The was a bit of a wait to be seated and for our food but I am assuming we came during their peek time. Great restaurant and even better server!Stayed in New Orleans for my birthday weekend and chose to go to Trolley Stop for a late breakfast. Ok, maybe it was lunch time but I was still ordering breakfast.
 I ordered the trolley stop special and he had the shrimp omelette. We both ordered the banana nut pancakes. The pecans and bananas were cooked inside the pancakes. We were seated immediately although there was a crowd. Great food, great service!!Fabulous food, friendly service and great prices.  We were staying just up the road and The Trolley Stop became our go to place!! This casual diner has amazing good food in large portions.  Everyone, including the other diners were into the friendly atmosphere and we found ourselves chatting with people around usThe service here sucks the manager Michelle is very rude and also the seve Patricia. The food is pre cook in the morning and is served all day ask about the steam tableIt was a horrible experience. Wait time for food was long and when the food came, it was incorrect order. The waitress are rude and loud. Other people was getting up and leaving out because they had waited to long for their order. I order Hasbrowns and got French fries. The hostess is loud, rude, and talked to people crazy, she used profanity when talked to other guests about guest. Never will go their again. Garbage House.I LOVE THE TROLLEY STOP! Fantastic, slice-of-life New Orleans diner. The menu is solid, the service is good to you, but you better be good to them, too. I applaud this. There's no need for women to take crap from unruly male customers. 
Prices are reasonable, and the place is always busy, especially on Sundays. 
I visited several times during a recent trip to New Orleans and if you visit, you'll find yourself wanting to go back for seconds, too!Stayed at the Ponchratrain and ate here several times over the course of our week long stay. There was always friendly, fast service and great food. Don't order to go at 3 am on a weekend though, they messed up one order pretty terribly that way.This is the worst restaurant service I have ever had in my life.  Ever.  EVER!  I came here earlier in the week with a rather large group -- while the food mediocre (at the absolute best), the portions were huge, service was nice enough they could accommodate my dietary needs.  I though enough of them to give them a second try.  
Last night, I can back with less of a group thinking it would be faster (because the timing was different), the food would be a little different and I would have an average experience.  Boy, was I terribly mistaken!
When my group arrived, there was no one else in the restaurant.  The group ordered, mostly food to nibble on as snacks, and the server (who was doubling as the manager) took it back to the kitchen... 10 minutes go by and we hear nothing about the food... 20 minutes pass, and another couple walks in and orders... 30 minutes expire and that other couple has received their food, while we still know nothing about our dishes... at this point, I asked for the manager.  When I explained the situation to her, she said "They ordered before you... what do you want from me?"  I proceed to explain that this wasn't in fact the case and asked to see the ticket time to prove this to incorrect.
When she refused, I asked if she was short staffed, to which she replied "We're one down in our kitchen... what I am supposed to do?" (mind you, she hasn't yet apologized for how poor she's treating me/my group/our experience).  I proceeded to tell her that because she was the manager, it was her job to fill in the empty spot (with herself or another employee) and that I wouldn't have her condescending tone.
The icing on the cake was that when the food came out, all of it, literally, every single item was incorrect, cold, and poorly executed.  You want to know why you have no one in your restaurant?  Because you think it is okay to treat people as poorly as you treated my entire group.  I will never dine here again. 
0/5 would dine again.My breakfast was delicious. Perfect over medium eggs, perfect bacon, solid bloody mary.We came here for brunch and got to say that neither one of us was disappointed! The place is a bit on the crowded side but we got attended to quickly and the service was exceptionally good considering the fact that it was packed. I had the Southern breakfast with bacon, 2 eggs, grits, and 2 biscuits with country gravy. All of it delicious. The Mr. had the Seafood omelet with shrimp, hash browns, and toast and he definitely enjoyed it. The Munchkin had the Junior special of a pancake, scrambled eggs and sausage. He ate it all! We all had water, coffee and Mimosas for me and the Mr and the Munchkin had his apple juice. Overall delicious food.The food was decent. Server was ok. Super super slow. Forgot to bring out stuff. After we ordered and then waited an hour then the server came over to ask how we wanted the food cooked. Poured coffee in my tea and when I told him didn't bother to bring me another tea. It was not any one persons fault. I just think the place is mis-managed. They were busy with the holiday weekend and looked to be short staffed.Great late night eatery. Food and service and are swift. Not very pricey. Always the late night place after church or some other late night event.  One of the LAST FEW places in the NOLA that remain open and serve food after midnight...Banana split pancakes. Do I need to write anything other than that?
Trolley Stop seems to be a locals' spot. They serve a huge amount of good food at decent prices. We went here for breakfast and I ordered the aforementioned banana split pancakes. The pancakes were fluffy and made all the more scrumptious by a healthy serving of caramelized bananas and strawberry on top. They say laissez les bon temps rouler in NOLA, and the decadence of this breakfast would make you say it and not think of your diet.
The service was friendly, though it was a bit on the side of slow. But really, it is nice to be able to linger once in a while, and even the less than speedy service was appreciated.
I will be back for those banana split pancakes. They are really very scrumptious!Ok. 
That's the best word to describe this place. Just ok. It wasn't terrible but it wasn't fantastic which is what I expect from a food mecca like New Orleans. It's a good place to go to if it's 1 am and you are drunk but other than that, I wasn't terribly impressed. Anything that you can find here, can be found elsewhere - and it's probably better elsewhereOne of the best meals we had all weekend - and by far the cheapest!  The red beans and rice were amazing. Take the trolley down St Charles and have breakfast or lunch - you won't be dissapointed.  I had the red beans and rice, and it was as good as pricier restaurants around town.  Definitely a local crowd, and when I saw the cops coming out of the place, I knew the breakfast had to be great - it was!The barista at Haro coffee told me about this place, so off we went to get breakfast. The place is packed and for good reason, the service and the food are really good.Good breakfast spot. Cheap, quick and taste great. Staff was awesome and on top of the coffee. Better off going earlier in the morning because they get pretty busyGreat food, reasonable prices, service is adequate. I had the French Special. Simple ordinary but outstanding, when take ordinary and make it this good you're special. Now the service isn't bad, actually it is decent. It's just a little on the slower side.Just go here and eat. We did. Probably once a day (or middle of the night) and it's always a good thing. The wait staff if pretty cool too. Right priced and good portions.Went there 4 out of the 7 days we were in town. Great waiters, great crowd of locals. The local law enforcement & fire fighters stop by frequently. 
The chicken fried steak: BOMB
Chili cheese burger: AMAZING
Bacon cheeseburger: OMG
Everything I got was great & you feel like you're at your best friend's parent's house: "Good morning baby, sit anywhere you like."I love this place cut the hype of going to all the other big breakfast places in the city. The STOP is always great in and out service the Omelettes are great and dont forget to get a biscuit whoo!!  Know the staff looks a lil shaddy but hey thats how you know the food is GOODGood food and service. I had the chicken gumbo and my wife/son cheesecake and the other son breakfast. Nice atmosphere.I love love loooovveee trolley stop! BUT i've only went for their breakfast because it is sooooo good! Hopefully soon, i'll go and try other menu items! I would recommend this place to ANYONE!!!!We went there the morning before we leave town.  We wanted to go to a place where the locals eat (in the spirit of Anthony Bourdain).  Plus, we were ready to try something else after 2 days of po boys and seafood.  So I asked a cop who was rolling around in a segway to see where to find good local dives...and he both recommended this place (it was confirmed later that day by another guy who worked in a sandwich shop).   It was definitely a local breakfast joint...no frill ambiance...generous portions...and no shortage of grease which was exactly what I needed after 2 days of partying.  Definitely recommended.Food is ok . But the staff is just a little slow had to ask for coffee and creamers multiple times .Got here at 220 now 318 and still no food. Love coming here for a quick bite to eat but can't get our food. Very dissatisfied in this attempt to eat here. About to just get up and leave***2 Star deduction***
It's been a little while since I've been back to trolley stop so I decided to stop by and grab some breakfast. This time, it being a Friday, the place was buzzing with activity. I like that in a restaurant and this place has a great energy to it for the type of restaurant it is (more or less diner style food). 
I ordered the country breakfast which is chicken fried steak with "country" gravy and two eggs cooked any way with your choice of grits or hashbrowns (I chose grits). I also got a side order of a biscuit and gravy. 
They asked if I wanted cheese on my grits, I said sure. When I received my food, it did not look very appetizing, it liked like a $1 Banquet meal you pull out of the freezer! This was new for me because I've gotten plates that looked really great before....
When I got the grits the cheese was just thrown on there, not melted or anything which was disappointing, see pics. The eggs, which I got scrambled were not bad but not great either. The chicken fried steak, which I've had here before was very disappointing, it was much drier and smaller than ones I've had before. Also, they gravy they used was thin and not as creamy as what they have served me in the past. Not sure why they bother calling it "country" gravy, it just tasted like nothing and hardly looks like real gravy to me. 
The worst part of the meal was the biscuit and gravy. The gravy, like I said, was thin, watery, and lacked that creamy awesomeness that makes gravy addictive. It was very disappointing. The biscuit was very chalky, dry, dense and just really bland. I don't say this often but it was it was disgusting and an insult to biscuits and gravy as a southern staple.
I am giving 2 stars because my server was nice and I only spent a little over $10. I did leave full but also left feeling like the meal was an overall disappointment. The biscuit was pretty much inedible and I am not a fan paying for things like that. This visit showed several inconsistencies. Maybe they were just off their game but I will probably not be back for awhile because they definitely let me down this time.This place is open 24hr and is pretty cheap.  Good is good but customer service was slow.  Then again she was new so.... good place to eat.This place = 5 stars! 2 thumbs up!
1 star = Novelty
4 stars = Consistent food quality.
Everytime my mister and I return to New Orleans, we end our trip with Sunday brunch at the Trolley Stop. 
I order a Belgian waffle with a side of boneless fried chicken breast with their famous syrup.
This place is very near and dear to my heart as I've frequented this restaurant for several years and I've never been disappointed, in the service or food preparation.Trolley Stop was a good stop. After walking around the Garden District, we tried it for breakfast, and were very satisfied.  The french toast was really good, and the grits were great.  The prices weren't so bad, and it very well air-conditioned ( since it is so hot out).Very good food! The fish is lightly breaded and tasty! I doubt that anything is home made, but it satisfies the tummy. Great prices for the amount of food! It's worth a try!We had to wait 10 minutes for them toTake our drink order then took another 20 minutes for our waitress to come to take our food order we ordered gumbo and a burger and they forgot about the gumbo so then when it did come out it was cold after our burger came outVery interesting atmosphere. I loved the look. Food is good. Mostly deep fried, which I don't usually eat, but I had the Catfish Sandwich and it was really good. Service is great, pretty quick and very, very friendly. When I went there was a long line up, which I'm told is usual on weekends. However there's seating outdoors for you to wait and I met a few ppl in line and had good conversation until my table was ready. They have a gaming area here, too.Great place to get some breakfast! I always get the toast grits and egg combo! Not very expensive and really fun atmosphere. I love that the waitresses  are sassy. What a true new orleans experience.Arrived before breakfast and it's past noon still waiting for my order. Friendly waitress but the wait is beyond acceptable. 40 minutes later we were told it's just getting made.We come visit here EVERY time we stay in N.O. the food is fantastic and the servers are great! Biscuits are flaky,  sausage slight shove,  waffle very good@Great food and huge portions. The prices are really affordable and the staff are excellent!Went to trolley stop to make a change from my regular place (coulis). I'm a breakfast fiend.
We were told itd be a fifteen minute wait when we got there. No worries! However, two other couples who came in after were seated before us. We were only seated once I asked the host what was going on.
Once we ordered, it was about a 35 minute wait for food. The coffee was also simply awful. The food, once arroved, was bland and underspiced. I understand this is a diner type place, but come on! Also, both our eggs were wildly undercooked. 
We wont be back.First time trying this place and was quite disappointed. Ordered the pigs in a blanket and the pancakes were stone cold.Not liking it at all. Furniture is old and scraped. Waiter is strange to say the least. We've been waiting for our food for 20 min now and still nothing. I wish we went somewhere else. Food finally came and it's pretty good. Was worth the wait.We came in here at like 3 in the morning and Will had a smile on his face and Serviced us as if we were Queens. She didn't raise any different and give his all his professionalism. So here we are again tonight at 12:30 in the morning having a lovely breakfast made by Yours Truly, Will. When I come back for Halloween I will definitely be stopping here no matter what. Their food here is inexpensive and amazing. Keep doing what you're doing Will!!!Food was ok, nothing to rave about. Waitress was friendly. Atmosphere was a little small, but not that noisy so that was good.I thought I had reviewed this place long ago!  It's an urban diner, best viewed between the hours of 1AM - 6AM. Service is prompt, friendly, and nonjudgemental. Don't expect sustainable items here; it's quick and dirty all the way.Great breakfast on St Charles ave!  Must tryWaitress was nice.  Oatmeal was a good portion. Prices were low.  Grits were PLAIN.  Bagel and cream cheese were yummy.This place is one of the best late night food stop! Some places start taking short cuts after 10p but the Trolley Stop keeps it real all day all night. The manager, Kendall is soooooo hospitable and helpful with menu items for newbies. Even gave a sample! BREAKFAST ON POINT!! I will be back!!Stopped in for a late night bite. Service was great, and so was the food and the prices. Great late night spot and full menu 24/7 so whatever you're in the mood for, the will make.This is my go-to-place for a good meal at a fair price. I went here twice during my stay in the Garden District: once with my wife and once on my own. My wife ordered fried oysters with a loaded baked potato while I got a smoked sausage sandwich with fries. My wife and our lady server got into a nice conversation and were like old friends by the end of our meal. On my subsequent solo visit, I was received by a friendly gentleman server who took my order for pigs in a blanket and talked to me as if we had known each other for years. If "Cheers" were a diner instead of a bar, it would be this place. No one knew our names (yet) but they made you feel right at home.
PRO TIP #1: If you happen to be driving, they have limited on-site parking for the time of your stay.
PRO TIP #2: They have an accessible ramp for people riding mobility vehicles that leads to an alternate entrance. You'll just have to knock on the door for the staff to let you in. 
Enjoy!How lucky am I to have this restaurant so close to my vacation spot. The selection of breakfast items should cover most appetites that are cooked to perfection. Our server, Pamela a gem to New Orleans gave us a warm welcome and great service. After eating out for days this was the perfect spot for me, the food was right on and plentiful and served by a fun &Fried oysters were delicious! Could do without the bagged lettuce for side salad!Food is pretty bad. Servers are friendly. I ordered a Southern breakfast which included a biscuit with gravy, two eggs, grits and a choice of meat. Gravy was soupy, grits needed seasoning, meat was soggy. I was shocked, since it looks like the type of dive/diner with really good cooks AND it's in New Orleans. I wouldn't recommend it.I had breakfast here. The food was great, laid-back environment, and very reasonably priced. The waitresses were very friendly and outgoing. Good place to go for a "home cooked meal.Prices are reasonable, food is good, place is cute, servers and staff are charming. So why two stars? Waited over an hour for our food, that's ok but only my plate came out.  We waited 25 minutes more before my partner, Sychaeus, got his breakfast. Poor Sychaeus, he is so patient. No wait staff said anything about it either, no apology or info. So I ate while he watched. I felt really uncomfortable with that and as the time passed I grew anxious and lost my appetite. Just as we were about to leave, his food came. 
If you have hours to kill, like our immortally damned to Dis souls, this may all be fine. Yet, I really love my partner and wanted him to feel happy and important. Don't worry, he's happy and everything is wonderful but we will be hesitant to return on a Sunday. There are many more places to eat beyond the great flames of Dis, where my poor Sychaeus doesn't have to wait out his eternity, watching me revel in the glorious carnal treats of this earthly paradise.This was the best breakfast I've had in many years! It's just eggs, hash browns, biscuits and gravy with sausage but everything is made in a uniquely fresh way. The hash browns are more like home fries, spiced to perfection. The biscuits where fluffy on the inside but just the right amount of crispy on the outside and the gravy!! This place is away from the tourist area and filled with locals. It's a true New Orleans experience I highly recommend!Went on a recommendation from a friend. It was super early but the staff was friendly and the food was good! The seafood omelette was perfect!!Decent local spot, friendly service. Food is not fast, but waitress kept the coffee flowing while we waited. Food was just okay. I had the Southern Breakfast and the gravy was runny and bland, had to cut the biscuit with a knife. Grits and eggs were good.Today, after a pointless day at the DMV (I didn't have my birth certificate with me), I decided to try Trolley Stop.  
It's not too far from my house and I haven't really had breakfast food out in the 2 months I've been living in New Orleans.  When I walked in it looked extremely busy.  There were no empty seats at the bar or waiting area so I assumed the wait would be long for a table.  In about 3 minutes I was greeted with a man asking me "How many baby?"  "Just one." He quickly sat me at a four top in the middle of the dining room.  As a single diner I loathe sitting at a big table in the middle of the dining room, but didn't feel intimidated at all.  
Although, it was very loud, I was able to read my book while I waited for my eggs benedict.  Yes, that's right a heart attack on a plate, but it sounded different and good.  It wasn't your typical benny.  Thick cut canadian bacon, a slice of tomato, a square of american cheese, on top of a toasted english muffin all doused with country gravy.  It was also served with amazing potatoes and just enough grits.  Obviously, this isn't fancy food, but it was so comforting, a few hours later I'm still thinking about it.  
As previous reviews stated, service was slow, but friendly.  I wasn't asked whether I wanted toast of biscuits, that was supposed to come with the meal; I wouldn't have been able to eat it anyway.  
I can't really see myself going there for dinner, since the menu is typical diner fare, unless it was after a night of hard partying.  So many good choices in this city I hope to try some more.Overall, I recommend the breakfast menu at Trolley Stop, since it's very comforting and filling.This is one of my favorite places for a quick awesome breakfast!! I've been many times and the food is always on point. The nice waiters/waitresses always make it a great experience. The atmosphere is cool & casual. Would definitely recommend to all!I love eating at the Trolley whenever I'm in New Orleans. The food is super tasty and the prices are extremely reasonable. Some of the best pancakes and bacon of my life.I know you shouldn't judge a spot after just one visit, but we're only here for a week and have too many places to visit and do not have the time to try it twice.  Let's just say my girlfriend and I got sick after eating breakfast here.  We believe it's the over greased egg white omelet.  The food we had, other than the omelet were just ok.  My chicken fried steak along with the gravy is bland.  The biscuit was nothing to scream about.  The grits...  well it's grits.  This was a local's recommendation.  So far, what the locals have recommended haven't been good.  They are 0-3 so far.Open 24 hrs, good food, decent prices, friendly service...what else can you ask for?
1st time here. Got here just after 10, which is normally the end of my breakfast window, but went for it anyway. 
THE FOOD:
I had the French Special which is 2 eggs, bacon, French toast, choice of sausage or ham, and choice of grits or something I forgot. I got eggs scrambled, they were fluffy and done perfectly.  French toast was just a touch on the dry side, but had cinnamon and powdered sugar and had a lot of flavor. The bacon was really good, might have been smoked, but was just delicious.  Grits, kind of farina'ee, sausage ok. I got French fries on the side...super! 
Seemed very clean, waitress was very nice. 
I like it. It's right down the street from me, so I'll be back.Went Sunday at noon. The wait was 35 minutes but the waiting crowd was slim. Down to one single bathroom. Once we got our drinks our waitress disappeared for most of an HOUR. Never once asked if we needed refills or water or told anything about kitchen. We finally flagged another waiter to find out where our food was and were assured it was on its way out. Another 10 minutes or so out food came out but WRONG (which i decided not to complain about) but we had to remind waitress we need silverware. She brought silverware and once again left abruptly IGNORING me when I asked for pancake cake syrup.  Assuming it was going to be a long while before she resurfaced, I approached the waitress area to politely ask for some syrup. Same waitress got loud and boisterously announced she's bring it to me. Got back to table and when she finally came, guess what she didn't have! Paid by cash and received wrong amount of change back. That really sits wrong with me. Won't be back.If I could give this restaurant a zero star I would.  We went into the restaurant at9:30 am and put our name in, the busboy was taking the nan a and for 45 minutes he kept saying "I got you you're next". After 45 minutes he came to us and said the kitchen is short staffed, he could seat us but there wouldn't be a waiter to take our order...really!!!! We left and went to st Charles tavern because clearly he didn't have ant us thereAwesome place to eat!!! Excellent service! Had southern breakfast and it wad great! Local/authentic food!! Gotta try it!A sin in a place like New Orleans. I don't know where these other Yelpers were but maybe not the same Trolley Stop? Go here if you want no -nutrition, greasy, badly cooked food in a military canteen kinda environment made from the lowest quality crappy ingredients, and I mean the LOWEST served up to you by a wrinkly ol' waitress with one eye and a limp. Especially on St. Charles and in this area in general, at these prices... ? head somewhere else. No. Run!Fantastic diner - just right for breakfast. Good prices, great fast service. Highly recommend.About a 30 minute wait on Sunday mornings but ask for a cup of coffee while you wait. Inexpensive food and  very tasty. $6.99 for the Trolley Stop special which included eggs, bacon, hash browns and 2 pancakes. The $12 bottomless Mimosas is well worth it because you can take the remainder in a to-go-cup. The $11 steak was thick and juicy. The waitress recommended against the crab cakes because the seafood may not be very fresh.The morning that i was set to depart on a cruise i woke up early and went to find some breakfast that would tide me over until lunch and came across this place which was close to the B&B that I was staying at. 
Upon entering the establishment I was greeted quite warmly by one of the waitresses and sat at a table. They have plenty of daily specials for both breakfast and lunch/dinner, both seemed quite tasty but as it was breakfast i went with a tried a true! I had the trolley special, which was two eggs and pancakes and ham and grits. All was delicious and very filling which was needed!
When i come back to New Orleans, i know I'll be back!Good food,  great waitresses,  great music, and atmosphere.  Breakfast all day which my wife enjoyed.  I had a corned beef sandwich which was pretty good.  Open 24 hours.  Stop in here!!!!I've been coming to the Stop for breakfast, lunch, and early dinners for years. You have to know what you're getting into or you may leave disappointed. It's not fancy, I doubt much of it is homemade. But I gotta tell ya...it hits the spot some days. My favorites are the omlets, which are well stuffed and always cooked perfectly, the cheeseburger and the fried chicken sandwich, which is mammoth and could probably be split with a friend. Go and enjoy!A local referred us to The Trolley Stop for breakfast and, indeed, this place was filled with locals only. Great breakfasts at a good price, but the great breakfast was offset by the slightly tilted floor.It was late, we were tired, and this place was right on the streetcar line that we would ride to get back to our AirBnB - so, win win!
We walked in and it was clear this was THE spot, because the place was full of locals, definitely not a tourist vibe.
Our waiter was ... I believe his name was Tyler? .. but he was great and helped us pick out what to get because we were both a bit indecisive.
I ordered a chocolate chip waffle and some biscuits & gravy with a Diet Coke; hubby ordered the breakfast meal (eggs, bacon, pancakes, hash browns).
Simple staple foods, delicious, and fresh. Everything hit the spot and soothed my tired aching bones at the end of a long hot day traipsing all around the Crescent City.
I was restored so that I could make it back to the bed, rest up, and start all over again the next day!
Next time we are in the area, I'd love to come back and try some of the dinner entrees because they all sounded tasty!
Oh and the prices CAN'T be beat - so much better than what you pay a mile away over in the Quarter, and better quality too!
The decor is quite dated but that's part of the appeal - don't let that be a turnoff because the place is clean, comfy, and the food is a WINNER.Loved the cozy feel of this cafe. The food was good and the service was good also.Location to our hotel was just a few blocks from us. Popular place for the locals you had to wait to be seated. By the time we left the line was out the door and into the parking lot.If I could give it fewer than 1 star I would.  I will never spend another dime in this place.  And I am making it my mission to tell as many people as I can why.  Despite the food being only mediocre, the prices were reasonable.  But their management policies regarding their customers SUCK.
Last night (Saturday, February 14, 2015 at about 7pm) my wife and I had just finished our meal, paid up and were leaving.  At the table next to us there was a party of five, which included a young mentally disabled boy.  They had waited a long time for their food and the boy was hungry.  They asked the waitress for a piece of bread and were REFUSED!  She told them they would have to order another po boy in order for him to get the piece of bread.  The party was in disbelief, but after being assured that was the rule they got up and left.  We left at the same time.  The seven of us were standing around outside discussing how ridiculous their situation was  Another two couples came up and were studying the outside menu and overheard us.  They then left.
So far the restaurant has lost the five half-coooked meals that hey had to throw out, and the business of the four people who left after hearing from us about the incident 
And they made seven customers absolutely irate.  We will tell everyone we know how ridiculous that restaurant's stupid decision was.  My wife and I are timeshare owners of the Wyndham Avenue Plaza a half-block up the street, and we have told their management about it.  I am a member of a Wyndham Owners facebook forum where we share such information.  I will tell that story on there, and thousands of owners will read it.
I am going to guess that incident will, over time, cost that restaurant perhaps a hundred thousand dollars in lost revenue.
All because they were too cheap to give a hungry mentally challenged boy a 20 cent piece of bread.
I mentioned the exact time and date earlier, hoping that whichever idiot made the decision to withhold that 20 cent piece of bread from a hungry mentally challenged boy will find him or herself out on the street looking for a new job.  Which would be the right decision.  That kind is not needed in the "hospitality" business.I'm giving The Trolley Stop Cafe, three stars  because of the prices, portions and overall space. The food was basic diner/cafe food but with a southern feel. The tables were all close together and it made me feel like a sardine at times. However, the home-y essence at this place will make you overlook any discrepancies. I think if you are looking for a quick good wholesome restaurant for a family then this is the cafe for you; but if you are looking for a cafe with a modern twist maybe try pj's coffee.Been coming here since i got of high school and it ain't changed.Still good as ever. Weather its 4am or 4pm the food is excellent  and the portions are was up. Them grits us the best thing for all my hangovers. See if you can get the waitress who calls everybody her babies, your food will come out correctly everytime.Shes from Long Beach ,CA or her people is not sure,i was tipsy.I was really looking forward to my first southern breakfast at the Trolley Stop Cafe. I ordered their southern special that included biscuits and gravy, eggs and choice of meat along with grits. While I waited I sipped on a tasty mimosa. I waited for a while and then my waitress said that they ran out of biscuits. Very disappointed but I said I'd take whatever else they had for bread. That was an English muffin. Then along game my order. Sad looking bacon kind of like the bacon from those cheap continental breakfasts at the motels. The grits had no cheese and the gravy looks grey and scary. I asked for the cheese on my grits and when it came back I was in awe. They slapped a freaking square yellow cheese on there! I was so hungry I dug in hoping the flavor was there. Nope I was mistaken. Sad food. I don't know what they're thinking but they should read the negative reviews to try and fix some things. So as I was eating, I found a potato peel in my gravy! So disgusting!Quick service, great food. They had an early bird special listed- bacon, eggs and grits for $2.99! Crazy!This place is SOOOOO GOOOD!! A must try! I had the French toast with bacon and eggs, delish! Must I add that everything is reasonably priced?!?Went there with the family for breakfast because it was close to the hotel. No very good.  Servers were nice but this is a dive.We always stop here when we come to NOLA. Delicious comfort food. Burgers are amazing. They never disappoint.We went for a late break today and it was a treat. We loved the ambiance. The staff was friendly, warm and attentive. Seems like a good place to frequent if I was a local. We enjoyed everything from our juice to the main plate. Only shortcoming was the pancake and syrup. Overall, a great experience with tasty food.I hate writing bad reviews, but I believe that al around, this is the worst dining experience of my life. The waitress was kind, but service took FOREVER and the food all tasted like it came out of a can!  Red beans and rice tasted like dog food and the nachos were not much better. Go across the street and get some street tacos at Tacos and Beer. It's cheaper and better.This was my second time visiting NOLA so I wanted to hit up all the stops that I didnt get to go to during my first trip, I've read a lot of good reviews for this spot so I wanted to experience it myself. The wait to get a table wasn't bad at all, the host was extremely accommodating with where we wanted to sit. I wish I got his name, his service was 10 times better than my waitress Julie. 
From the very beginning she seemed as if she wanted us to place an order hurriedly so she could move on to the next table, we finally placed an order with her only to NEVER see her again! All the tables around us were getting served but us! We were there waiting for over an hr with NO food! We finally got tired of waiting and had the host go look for our waitress. When we asked her what was the status of our food, she had the nerve to catch an attitude. Her response was "it's busy"....She wasn't apologetic at all! 
We understood that it was busy, our thing was just please keep us in the loop. Dont just take our order and never return. She also brought my  BFF her drink with no ice, which we had to request....
We ended up having to take our orders to go due to the fact that we were on a time limit and were going to be late to where we had to get to, it seems as if majority of the staff there has bad attitudes. When we got ready to pay, of course Julie was no where to be found again, I then got up and located another waitress and asked her can she ring our orders up. She in return rolled her eyes and said "no only ur waitress can". 
The food itself was just okay in book, nothing to brag out. My grits and eggs were nasty. No salt, no flavor, no nothing. My french toast on the other was great, didn't even need syrup to eat them...
If I'm back in town, this will probably be the last place that I would want to dine at.If you look for the fancy pretty breakfast, I'd say don't even bother to stop by this place. But if you like to explore local culture and food, THIS is definitely a good breakfast to try. Typical southern food, busy but very nice waitress, with friendly y'all smile, can easily fill you up while lighting up your morning in this neither old-style enough nor neat enough shop next to the trolley line.Unbelievable disorganized restaurant. Waited for more than 10 minutes to get someone asking for drink. After the order taken, waited for more than 40 minutes, still no food. We left without eating. A huge disappointed in NOLA. If you are hungry for Cajun food, go somewhere else.This is a nice spot for breakfast, as this was recommended by our cab driver.  It's located right by the Charles street car line, and is walking distance to the Garden District.  The breakfast is really affordable and service is friendly and quick.  You can seat yourself, but as soon as you do, there will be someone who will place napkins and silverware at your table and inform you of the waitress coming.  The waitress then is there soon after, asking if you want a cup of jo.  We loved how speedy they were, since we were going on a tour right after breakfast.  The food is solid.  I had bacon, eggs and grits and it resembled that of good ol' homemade food.My husband and I are staying at a nearby hotel and decided to stop in for breakfast. The service was amazing, and the food was just what you would be looking for in a down-home stick-to-your-ribs breakfast. It is first and foremost a diner, and that was exactly the experience we were looking for.This restaurant is a fun NOLA anomaly because the vast majority of locals will look at you really intently if  you DARE call the streetcar a "trolley" and they will quickly correct you and say "you mean streetcar!"  That being said this is a great little spot for breakfast, lunch, and dinner food.  This place has a bit of a diner feel but with classic New Orleans dishes available early and open late.  They used to be 24 hours all the time but now they seem to only be 24 hours on certain days which are usually around the weekend even though they advertise being open 24/7.  I've always gotten really great and friendly service in classic NOLA style with the waitress calling me darl'n, sweetheart, and luv.  The food is a good value and this is a favorite spot of NOPD who seem to have largely abandoned St. Charles Tavern for here.Decent breakfast with a typical diner atmosphere. Good selection of food on the menu, we stuck with breakfast. Service was good; friendly and fast staff. The early bird special was a good deal - $ 2.99 for 2 eggs, bacon, hash Browns, and toast. I had the chicken fried chicken with eggs and hash browns.  Everything was good..except for the hash browns. They had way too much garlic powder in them and were mushy. 
If you are just looking for a quick place to grab some food, not a bad option. I probably won't be back. There are just too many other better options.I love the way they made the stuffed omelette that look like burrito but it's not it was wrap in eggs with the southern food this is the first time I had grits cheap place to eat and the staffs were very niceThe food was just okay, service left a lot to be desired. My wife had to ask multiple members of staff for a straw, my order came out wrong, and our bill was all screwed up... all of which wouldn't have been complete deal breakers if the food had been more than just average.Comfy diner in the Big Easy. If you are looking for a no frills diner with comfort food this is the spot. Order something that you'd eat at a little country diner and I know the food will be good. Pancakes were light and fluffy, bacon crispy, steak flavored well.
Low prices, good service, decent food.A giant helping of eggs served with a giant helping of Southern sass on the side? What else could one ask for in a diner?
Even though I left feeling that I had no idea how to act in public, I left full and happy.  See, I made the mistake of jumping in front of both my lady and my mother to order since I was so hungry.  The old school waitresses here do not, apparently put up with that kind of thing.  And in between "sugars," I was scolded something fierce about always letting ladies going first.
But the Spanish Omelette that was shoved in front of me by the same helpful server made it all worth it.  For $6.99, I was amazed at the size and thickness of this thing.  I'm thinking it was probably six eggs and filled with so much gooey cheese that I was in fatty cheddar heaven.  And the dry but sweet (much like the wit of the servers) biscuit dwarfed the bowl of grits it sat beside (which, shockingly, were the low point of the meal and took a lot of butter to make tasty).
This den of sinfully delicious, cholesterol raising food is open 24 hours a day on the weekend (which starts on Thursday) and has an added bonus.  There are video slot machines in the back.  Yes, there is gambling in this establishment.  And not just with your health.
After polishing off some of the best sweet tea I've ever had, I made a vow that I would do two things.  One, that I would learn some manners so I wouldn't get yelled at by the waitresses on a return visit.  And, two, that I would make a return visit.  And with its convenient location right off the real trolley, I'm going to visit again for sure.The stuffed omelette is ridiculous. So good! Lots of people, good atmosphere and no hipsters.Solid, classic breakfast place. The service was friendly and super fast. We were in a rush and were able to get in and out of there in around 30 minutes or less! I'm a vegetarian and I was able to find a few different things on the menu. The food isn't earth-shatteringly delicious, but it got the job done of filling us up quickly and cheaply. So cheap!The morning prior to our cruise my wife, Dianne and I, ate breakfast here at the Trolley Stop. They have an excellent breakfast menu that includes rarely seen offerings. I had the fried eggs with grilled liver and onions. If you like liver onions, you'll love this. Today, I had a bowl of chicken and sausage gumbo followed by a f4ied oyster and catfish plate. Magnific!!!If you are in the garden district you can't miss breakfast at the trolley stop. The country breakfast is on the top of my list.No trip to NOLA is complete unless I stop in for a good breakfast including the hot sausage!Great food - super long wait. They aren't shy about mentioning the wait. But no food is worth a 45-60 min wait!I was recommended to this historic restaurant and I was thrilled with the food quality.  Best breakfast for the money in New Orleans!Good food, small location but they make it work. We went on a Sunday morning.   It was before the church rush and they were still busy.  We were sat right away and our server Charlotte greeted us warmly.   She asked if we had any questions about the menu and wanted anything special.   The food was great.   We got our food quickly and were ready to explore the rest of New Orleans.This place makes IHOP look like Ruth Chris. The food looked like it had been under a heat lamp for God knows how long to the point where I didn't want to touch it much less take a bite.Great food, friendly staff and their food went well beyond our expectations. Their seafood omelette was packed with fresh seafood! I would recommend stopping in. I also recommended their trolly stop special which is a  little bit of all the good stuff they offer. Also the fact that it is 24/7 is great for those with early flights out!This trolley stop is great as you can hop on and take an hour or so leisurely tour of New Orleans.  A trolley car comes by every 15 minutes on the hour, and you will need exact change (3 all day passes were $9, and good until 4am the next morning). We got oriented to the trolley on this line, then transferred between trolleys the rest of the day.  A trick we learned is when a trolley line was long, we just walked to the previous stop.  We only did this once, at another trolley stop.  We never waited in line at this trolley stop.I hadn't been to Trolley Stop since before Katrina, when I decided to stop in here for a bite to eat.
The atmosphere is very "old".  It's not bad, but you can tell that this place was decorated in the 70's and hasn't been touched since.  The place gets really packed, so if there is a seat at the bar, take it.  My friend and I sat at the bar because there were about 3 groups of people waiting for tables, when we arrived.
The only thing that I had ever previously gotten here was breakfast, so I was eager to try something else.  I got a club sandwich that came with a side of fries.  I was pretty impressed.  You would think that it would be hard to mess up a simple club, but trust me when I say, I am disappointed a lot in the way some of these places make their clubs.  Anyway, this one was fantastic, even though they may have been a little heavy handed with the mayo.  For $8, you really can't beat it.
Trolley Stop is open late (maybe 24 hours, but I'd have to check), so it's the perfect place to stop if you are looking for a late dinner.We came here based on the hotels recommendation as The Trolley Stop has amazing breakfast. The hotel warned us about going out this day as the hurricane was just a few hours away and we needed to stat in. We decided to rough it and grab breakfast anyway. We walked just a block in a half to the Trolley Stop to find it packed with a waiting line outside. We walked in and put our name on the list. She said it would be about 40 minutes. 
  We took a seat outside and took notice how beautiful it was. It was overcast but still beautiful out. You could see people enjoying themselves inside and lingering at their tables. About 1 hour later we were called and the host pointed to a table. we sat down and waited for about 10 minutes before I got up and grabbed some menus. The host kept passing us seating others around us with menus and silverware. Didn't even smile at us or recognize that we didn't have anything on our table. The server finally arrived and apologized that the host triple sat her and she really behind. I told her it wasn't a issue as long as we could get some coffee. she smiled and brought us much needed coffee. 
   She came back about 10 minutes later and took our order. Nothing out of the normal when coming here from breakfast, just the run of the mill spot. I think it gets great reviews as its really the only spot that close on St. Charles st, and all the hotels. Unless you want to walk or take a cab uptown to Ruby. Our food came and again we tried Grits since we had them in the French Quarter and they were awesome. To our surprise the grits served here sucked. This is exactly what i think grits are bad. I think they were Al Dente. Most not creamy. The eggs were a bit runny and not perfectly cooked, everything wasn't seasoned, and it just seemed rushed and thrown on a plate. Bussers running around clearing tables and setting up for more guests. The bill came and yes it was reasonable for the fare, but nothing really to writ about or the giving us the wow factor. I felt it was just below average. The service should have been great but she was sprinting around the tables. Either she needed much assistance from being over sat but we saw a few servers just standing sipping coffee. Great Teamwork !Good service, good food, great menu selections. Food came out fast and waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu and any concerns we had.Tonight management slipped.  Major event in town and the on duty manager said the wait was an hour too everyone who came in.  The nice waiter tried too calm everyone and say it wasn't that bad, but there was only one cook.  I decided too wait but the cook forgot my gumbo and messed up my omelette, the pork chops were dry and the grits had no flavor.  Been coming here for over 20 years and I'm shocked by this bad night. I will chalk it up too just that one bad night when there were 70,000 people in town for wrestlemaniaI saw this place yesterday when I was walking through the garden district. It's nothing fancy just good old diner food. The servers are friendly and the prices are reasonable. Another plus is they're open 24 hours. I'll definitely be back!Good place to get breakfast. Good food. Lots of local and fairly cheap. So, give it a shot.Too many better places to eat in New Orleans. I loved the snarky attitude of the guy serving our food, but HATED the food. It's barely a step up from fast food quality food. An embarrassment to New Orleans that they couldn't nail fried shrimp and fried oysters.  Pick another spot...Great Brunch, wife and I shared a seafood platter, best fried catfish, shrimp, oysters I have ever had . All seafood tasted fresh and perfectly fried with fresh oil. Loved it , what a deal $16 and we had to fries on the plate.For 3 years we have been frequenting this establishment every Halloween/Voodoo Fest weekend. We have always enjoyed the food and awesomely friendly service. That all ended today and I will never return to this place. 
Today we walked in (2 of us) and the place was so empty they told us to sit wherever we liked. We sat down. We ordered 2 rum and cokes; the waitress asked for ID. I joked with her about really needing to see our ID (we are approaching 40 FFS); deadpan, no fucking humor in her response. 2 anemic drinks show up at table. She asks if we are ready, we say no. 
We decided we wanted an appetizer and entres and we're excited to eat at our annual eatery. Several minutes pass. We say, "If we have to wait 5 more minutes for her to return, we're just going to leave." 5 more minutes pass and still no fucking service. The place now has maybe 3 tables with patrons at them and we can't even order damn food. What a joke. 
We left the undeserving waitress a $20 for the 2 rum and cokes and just walked out. We used to sing the praises of this place and tell everyone that was going to visit New Orleans, "Stop by the Trolley cafe on St Charles." No more. Now we will tell people to avoid it like the damn plague. Thanks for ruining a great memory. 
Visited October 30th around 6:30 pm.FIve-star hangover food, pure and simple. To the reviewers who say it's terrible, you must have gone there stone-cold sober in the afternoon. As a bleary breakfast joint/hangover cure, this place can't be beat. I've never had a problem with service. It's always sufficient and friendly. Trolley Stop does have somewhat wonky hours now, even four and a half years after Katrina (for instance, they were closed on Halloween night, wtf?). Other than that, only Camellia Grill does a better breakfast, but that's not in my neighborhood and Trolley Stop is, so Trolley Stop wins.Not impressed. This was my first time believe it or not, and the best thing about it, was it was close to the club. My food was bland and ordinary. My husbands order was wrong, which isn't the worst thing that could happen. However he ordered the seafood omelet without mushrooms and the waiter made a point to ask if he wanted it that way. After waiting forever, it comes out with mushrooms. He thought he could just take them out but they were most of the omelet. The service was slow and lacked attention to detail. So I'm not sure what the hype was about this place I've been hearing about since I could remember, but I won't be back soon. I could have went to Ihop.Open 24 hours--- tons of menu options -- the locals love it -- we were told to come here by the seamstress I was having my pants hemmed last minute. She said she eats here 3-4 times a week for breakfast and has for years! Lots of healthy menu options as well as super gluttoness lol--- it is a southern NOLA experience for sure! Check it out! You'll be family :)The service at night is terrible. The food was not worth the wait at all. Almost everyone was complaining and went over 20 minutes before they were even given menus. Several customers walked out before they could be served.Good service, good food, reasonable price. Stopped in for breakfast. Bacon & eggs came quick and just like i ordered. Liz's biscuit was huge. Great place for breakfastIt took 50 minutes for us to get our food. The waitress kept saying it was on the grill. When we complained to the manager he said they had a small grill!!?? Seriously!! Grits and eggs should not take a hour!! Food was mediocre. So many great places to eat in New Orleans. No need  for me to return.It's a diner, located at a trolley stop. Hence the name. Not sure how others thought it was supposed to be a converted trolley car. That is not the case.
That aside, it's cheap, it's good and it's a friendly place.We were able to get in touch with the owner and he extended his apologies and took care of us. We went back again and staff was nice and apologetic. I do believe in second chances and it was worth it. He just happened to have had a bad staff member which he took care of.I'm giving this place a 3.5. 
Personally, I think of this place as Nola's local iHop--not because it serves pancakes (they do, amongst many other things) but it seems to be the perfect drunk place to eat in case you didn't want to do Cameilla Grill (although everyone should experience Cameilla Grill late night at some point..honestly, it will bring you back to life). 
We came in around 11:45pm for a late dinner and got a BLT sandwich with fries and country fried steak and grits with cheese; there is a country breakfast that serves the latter two items with 2 large eggs but I wasn't in the mood for eggs so I just ordered the two items off the a la carte menu which may have saved a few dollars. I def recommend checking out the a la carte menu and ordering a few things in case there isn't a menu dish that appeals to all of your cravings. 
Food is cheap and seems to be quality made--which also means that it takes some time to get your food. Service is ok. It is a large restaurant with seemingly too few servers. Will keep this place in mind for drunk munchies, only.I'm giving The Trolley Stop Cafe three stars because of the price, portions and diner style menu and pretty good coffee! However, the waiter was not super friendly, the tables were sticky and the condiment bottles did not look like they've been cleaned for quite awhile!
The food, if you can look past the information I shared above was decent diner style food.  The hash browns were really good, little spice too..yum! They serve eggs any style and mine were cooked perfectly!  I had chicken fried steak took the southern Breakfast they call it, I expected a restaurant in the south to make good gravy...it's ok, but not great..disappointing, not seasoned well at all.  My husband had the Trolley Stop Special, eggs, pancakes, county sausage and hash browns...he enjoyed his meal!  
Like I said above...each or our meals were $7.25..plenty of food!  This place is not fancy, the price is right, but they have to work on cleaning!Food looks and tastes GREAT! Ask for Dana, she has a warm friendly smile that matches the food.Probably I should have ordered breakfast, but it was dinnertime. 
The gumbo was good and inexpensive but the breaded chicken tenders and fries were exactly average. Not much flavor, just plain breading. Service was average too. Oh well.Great price!  Great service!  Yummy breakfast!  It was a very close walk from our hotel.  I have never been a big grit fan.. But I am now!  The French toast was delicious also.Really great dinner there tonight. A "1/2" an oyster poboy and a cup of chicken and sausage gumbo.  Biggest "1/2" sandwich I've ever had. Fresh, crispy but still moist oysters. Rich thick gumbo. In Spanish we use the term RICO. It's a combination of rich, savory, and tasty. That pretty much summed it up.I've never given a 1 star review, but, the following is the reason why:
We walked in around 12:30 at night. We sat down and 30 minutes later, our waiter came. We'd ask to order items from the menu and he'd say 'you don't want to order that'. Ok. We'd order something else and he said 'you don't want to order that. Honestly, our chef left a month ago and the only safe thing to order is eggs'. Ok. We were in shock and didn't know what we should do. Should we leave or see what happens? We decided to stay. While waiting for our food, the waiter was tending on the other tables. His name was Jack. Jack would literally run from the kitchen to a table. The whole restaurant shook when Jack ran. He'd then run to the computer to put in an order and stay there for 5 minutes while trying to enter the order. He'd then run to the kitchen and the kitchen staff would tell him he didn't properly enter something in the computer so Jack would run back to the computer, knock over a chair, to the which entire restaurant would stop eating and stare, and ect. Ok. Interesting, ya. We get our food and it's mediocre, at best. Ok, we eat while the manager yells at Jack. We get full and get our check and get the hell out of dodge. We go to bed. I wake up at 4 am from nausea, throw up, do other things, then go back to bed swearing to never eat here again.Great place for early morning gatherings or afternoon breakfast cravings! The lunch food is delicious too and the price satisfies just as much as the food does. Seat yourself! It accommodates large and small parties. Satisfaction guaranteed with this New Orleans favorite!Best deal in New Orleans! Small menu, breakfast and lunch. Food is decent, pitchers of beer are only $5. I highly recommend it!Real good to eat New Orleans breakfast at the Trolley stop. I just enjoy my best breakfast authentic New Orleans. Good to beat home and enjoy hot sausage grits and eggs coffee biscuits yes!I've been here a few times over the years and have always had a great meal. Great service, good menu choices! This place also is a fun location before Saints games as it will be full of fans on a Sunday morning.The worst diner ever. 40 min wait to get seated, 50 min wait for barely adequate cold food. Never again.Today me and my family ate breakfast here and we loved it. Our waitress Mo was everything you look for in a waitress. She was extremely charming, funny, and she made us feel so welcome. The food was everything, we really enjoyed every bite. The atmosphere was so inviting and warm, all I can say is that we've found another regular spot for us. we will be back again!The service here is the best thing about this restaurant. Our server was very outspoken and entertaining.
My wife and I were looking for a quick breakfast and this place fit the bill perfectly. 
We both ordered the southern breakfast which was good. I ordered apple juice which wasn't quite right.
When we got to the restaurant, we noticed a cab in the parking lot and knew we were going to need one after we were done eating. We asked our server if she knew whose cab it was. She said, "no but I'll find out". Then she proceeded to ask every customer if it was their cab. She ended up calling us a cab. 
So, in the end the food was good with stellar customer service.After a night of drinking on Bourbon Street, breakfast sounded great. Though the food was decent, service was slow.  We waited nearly 45 minutes for pancakes, eggs, 2 pieces of bacon and hash browns.  I felt sorry for the elderly couple next to us who was there before us. When they finally got their food, his sandwich was wrong.Came in on a Tuesday around 11 am with a group of three. We were quickly greeted and sat at the bar area at the entrance. The staff came to see us quickly! The woman waiting on us was just the nicest and friendliest that she could be. 
Large selection of items on the menu to try from. GREAT prices for the amount of food you get! And great traditional diner food. 
Was a bit busy inside for the time of day and the day of the week I thought. There also seemed to be minimal parking nearby - we chose to park on a side street nearby. 
Would recommend checking it out if you're interested in local traditional diner food with a southern twist!We enjoyed it.  It was no frills, but sometimes a good ole' plain place to eat is a good thing.   Our service was a little slow, but the food was good.   The coffee was also really good and that is always important to me :)Red beans and rice was bland. It was late so pretty much anything to eat was good. The breakfast menu is probably the better choice. Its oK but I wont be back or recommend.Horrible food, nothing great about eating here. Ran out of key items, staff not friendly and super dingy. Not returningThe name is misleading. It doesnt really have the old trolley car turned cafe vibe.  But the coffee and food were good the waitress was top notch.  Coffee cup was kept full.  And food arrived hot.   Here is a hint arrive early if you want breakfast.  We were seated as we walked in the door.  When we left there was a 30 minute waiting period and a line.I rather enjoy going to places where there are more locals than tourist, me being the tourist... had the catfish and eggs and it was capital A awesomeHad a late Breakfast here last Saturday and Sunday. The service was very fast and the portions are large. One morning I ordered the eggs & pancake special, the other the eggs & french toast special. They were both excellent, but I have to say the French Toast was my favorite. We stayed at the Avenue Plaza and this restaurant is about 2 blocks away if that.  Will definitely return next time we are in town.Great service and breakfast. The servers were all friendly and fast, and the food was good stuff. We got the Southern Special
and Paul Bunyan breakfasts, and the portions were large. It was not fancy but very tasty. The servers made sure we never ran out of coffee, which always makes me happy in the morning. The trolley car decor was charming.Unfortunately I wish I could have given them a 0, I was excited to try their food. My fianc and I came in shortly after the lunch rush so they were not very busy. We waited for just short of 30 minutes then had to walk out. We did notice Other people waiting and looked annoyed. It seemed they focused on only certain groups. We were not offered a drink or any welcome. We walked in at the same time as a family, then 10 minutes later a another group walked in and both parties had beverages before we were even talked to (which we were never approached). The couple waitresses in there kept looking at us, so they knew we were there and kept walking to tables around us. I was very disappointed and felt very uncomfortable. I am not sure if it was because we were an interracial couple or not, but on many levels it was not ok and we were ready to order a ton to try this place and possibly come back again because we were staying 5 mins away. Like I mentioned I did not get to try the food, but the service was the worst. It seemed like a place that would spit in your food if you acted a certain way or they did not approve of something. Sad and disappointing! I have never in my life walked out of a place, but it was clear after almost 30 minutes we were not going to be served.It's a restaurant that's open late but I would appreciate good customer no matter the hour of
the night of the hour of the night. I would never contribute to this establishment as again.I would like to give this a 3.5 star rating.
After my friend Edward S. wrote a good review for this place, I've been wanting to visit.  Living on the Westbank, and working in Matairie and Kenner made it hard to try.
Since I've been working off Freret I've been trying to find someplace other than MacDerpies and Derpy King (Neither of which were able to fulfill any order I've tried...How hard is it to put a sausage patty on a muffin and add a slice of Cheese-like product, ya dorks?) where I could eat. Freret street donut needs to fix their ordering system (See my other review) and other than that, it's just Rouses and face it...they suck for breakfast and over-charge anyway.
So this morning, I had about 30 minutes before I needed to be at work and I stopped in here. The doors are a bit confusing because it's natural to try to go into the first door toward the front, but being able to read, I soon sorted out that. I know...I'm a bad-ass...
Walked in and was told to sit where I wanted. Groovy...but they kicked me out of the women's restroom immediately. Liars!
I ordered some coffee and the French Breakfast...eggs over medium. This city may be good at a lot of food related things, but getting a damned egg order correct is not one of them. 
This is the first time in probably 100 tries that the eggs came out PERFECT. Absolutely perfect.
The bacon was crispy without being burned and the sausage was...er...ok, not the best quality, but ok...
The French Toast was a bit soggy but salvageable. The grits...
I have no fricking idea since I can't wrap my head around breakfast grits.
The service....Stellar. Totally perfect in every way. The food came out as SOON as the eggs were done which means the bacon, sausage and French toast had to be pre-cooked...hence the less than perfect quality of the French toast and sausage.
For the just barely the most part, it was pretty good. I probably should have done the early bird special though. It was 2.99 for 2 eggs, bacon, toast and those nasty grits things... Which is a lot better than the 9 bucks I spent for my breakfast.
All in all, it was pretty ok food-wise with a minus point with the pre-cooked French Toast and sausage but a positive one for service and perfectly cooked eggs..
I may go back for the service though. Great servers.We were looking for a nearby breakfast spot and this was walking distance from our hotel so we decided to give it a try. 
My veggie omelet came with a side of grits and biscuit. They had me t the grits. I love grits and this was the first time I was able to indulge in some even though this was the last day I'd be in NOLA. These tasted like quick grits, I can make better grits at home but my omelet was tasty!Not very nice from outside but very good and delicious burgers. Come and get someIf I could give this place a lowering rating, I would. We came in at 1:18 PM. (Party of four)Ten minutes after we were seated, no one asked what we wanted to drink. When we finally ordered our drinks and food, we waited nearly thirty minutes for just our appetizers with other patrons that came in after us receiving their food and drinks despite us ordering way before them. It's now 1:50 PM, and no one at our table has received their food. We decided to pay for our drinks and take our patronage else where, but for anyone reading this, don't come to this place,  tell your friends to not come to this place, because the service is possibly the worst I've ever experienced. This place is so awful, I might write a second bad review. Seriously, don't come here.I ate here today and it was absolutely delicious!! No one else was there, which I found odd but it was a rainy Tuesday afternoon, and my server was very nice. I got a catfish po'boy on French bread and it was incredibly fresh and cooked very well. Can't wait to come back!We waited for someone to notice us for at least ten minutes. The waitress is super nice, but stretched too thin. My son had the Trolley Special breakfast. He really liked it. I had the red beans and rice with sausage. I didn't care for it. I never received the salad that comes with it. The coffee was served in a plastic mug with non dairy creamer. Eh.... I just can't drink coffee in a plastic mug with fake cream. What's the point? We've been in NO for a week now and still haven't had a satisfying meal except at the Avenue Cafe (next door). They have the best cafe au lait.2:30 am worms beckoned to be fed especially since they've been an alcoholic stupor since 1 pm. Club sandwich, hard boiled egg & wheat toast. Baked potato subbed for fries. Not bad. Busy but fast service. I ordered the bacon "crispy/ well done" & it was. Mayo on the side cuz sometimes there's too much of that sliming the sandwhich. Dish came out great! NOLA police must eat here too since I saw cars/ vans out front & uniforms inside this night. Everytime I trolley past this place, there's NOLA vehicles parked out front...so ladies...you're safe even @ 2 am.Waited about half an hour to be seated, but to be fair, there were a lot of us, and we needed to be split up. Had basic sausage and pancakes which weren't bad but not really special either. Good, cheap, filling breakfast and a trolley out front! Seriously almost drove past this place, because I thought it was an auto repair shop or something from out front, lol.Great for a quick or sit down breakfast! The buttermilk biscuits are absolutely delicious, some of the best I've ever had. The service is excellent, everyone was very nice, welcoming, and accommodating.Good for lunch too. Had a turkey club, which was good and fresh - and came with a big mess of fries. The fries could have been cooked a bit longer, but otherwise a solid (and quick) lunch. Was $7.50, small parking lot out front.great atmosphere and friendly staff; open 24 hours on the weekend and til 2 p.m. during the week; parking lot was always jam packed with law enforcement vehicles....so i knew the food had to be good....and it was!!! as we looked around, the plates were piled high with food. great place to try and experience new orleans cuisine!!!!Old school. Fast even when packed.  Must have one hecka of a kitchen staff.  Most people order breakfast. I had a Po-Boy they just called it "French" for the bread type. It was excellent.No.
Just No.
Waiter was nice.
 Place clean. 
Food bland to plain awful. 
From rubber scrambled eggs to, according to my friend who ordered hash which he said was just terrible.Don't waste your time coming here expecting to eat at a reasonable time. From the time we were seated, to the time that our food FINALLY came, it was over 50 minutes. We came in on Christmas Eve, while the Saints were playing at the Superdome, and walked right to our table. Our server wasn't helpful, never updated us on the progress of our food, which was concerning because we were a group of 3 adults and 4 children (3 of which were 5, 3 & 1). When I asked to speak with the manager, she was rude!!! She rose her voice saying that we hadn't been waiting that long, because we arrived after some of our group members were seated, thus making our waitress have to wait to take our order. I showed her my phone, which time stamped when we were seated, and she was speechless when shown that her comments were wrong, and that we had been waiting a log time for food. She then said that our food was almost ready, but when it got to our table 5-10 minutes later, the food wasn't even hot. As our waitress came back to the table, she saw that I had started writing this post, and sarcastically said: oh, you're about to give us a negative review? We will never attempt to patronize this place again. Do so if you dare, but you have been warned!Awesome little cafe. Large menu and they serve breakfast all day. Sandwiches are great and the portions are large. Very good food at great prices. We'll stop here every time we're in the area! LOVED IT!   Oh, and the service was good too. Open 24 hrs.This is a great place for breakfast.  The food is crazy tasty and in huge portions, the prices reasonable, and the service fast and friendly.Good good, slow service, great prices. Locals know a good place when they see one. Out-of-towners staying at the local hotels, should include this trolley stop on their visit.When it comes to late night dining options in New Orleans (i.e. after 3 AM), the choices are slim. Thank goodness for Trolley Stop Cafe!!!! Just place your pick up order and it's ready in ten minutes. Try the Paul Bunyan breakfast with cajun sausage. Sooooo yummy!Great 2.99 early bird!!  Coffee kept coming-  seriously best waitress ever!!  She called me Boo loved her- bill was 7 bucks left her a 20$ billI will never step foot in this place again. From the time we walked in, until 30 minuets later when we walked out(because of being ignored by staff when we wanted to ask a question) it was obvious that the management and employees here could not care less about their customers. When I notified a staff member about their lack of service, and the reason why we left the restaurant, no care was shown at all. No apology..nothing. Horrible people and I hope they read this. (Not like they would care) In particular I am referring to staff members working reception and taking names for tables. 
In a city with so many great restaurants , you are better off passing up this place. Total DUMPWow! This super friendly place was recommended by our Uber driver. After a small wait, we were seated and immediately greeted with hot coffee. Our breakfasts were delicious -  home cooking at its finest. Flaky biscuits. Amazing gravy. Plentiful portions. Great find!Pretty good food...always open....what's not to love about that.  The fish, shrimp and oysters are pretty good.  I was a little disappointed with the crab ball.  The pancakes, bacon, grits and eggs are pretty good also.  Hungry yet?  Definitely should check it out.This is a great place to eat. Fun and friendly staff. Delicious food for an inexpensive price. Excellent ambience not to be missed. It's just a small corner diner that is absolutely fantastic. Kat was our waitress and she was so friendly it made the start of our day amazing. Don't pass this by.UPDATE:   Sept 23, 2007
Yes the restaurant is still open.    It is open for breakfast and lunch until 2 pm.  Did not look like it was open after that for dinner.
*******************************************
If you want real down home, New Orleans and southern style home cooking...and you are in New Orleans.....COME HERE.
At least come here for one meal.....if you are the type to wear fresh and pressed jeans when you go out to eat....you are way overdressed for this place.   You will have an urge to brush your chair off with your hand before you sit down......
I eat here frequently when in town...   The breakfasts are very substantial...cooked as good as it gets.    However my all time favorite for this place is the fried catfish... Crispy on the outside and moist and tender on the inside....exploding with fresh juices.   This rivals a catfish restaurant that's tucked away in the backwoods of Huntsville, AL  
This place I rated 5 stars because you feel like old New Orleans in this place....it is the antithesis of Commander's Palace or any of those $50 per person restaurants in the French Quarter.
This place has diner prices but home cooked quality.Stopped in for lunch on mon and had a great meal and wonderful service. That is until the busser came to collect our empty plates with a tray full of plates and glasses from another table and procedes to spill them all over me. I had other tables' left over drinks and food on me. I know accidents happen but this was an obvious situation of poor training of an employee. Management was nowhere to be found and when I asked to see a MOD it took too long for her to appear. Once she did, she was very nice but I don't think she was really understood the seriousness of the situation. I'm not totally dissing this place but c'mon let's be more professional in our operation. I probably won't go back.come at 10 am and wait for 40 minutes without any food. 2 table ahead of me walk out without getting any food from the waiting. I also left soon after . why eggs , pancake and bacon take over 40 minutes to cook is a mystery to me.Stopped in here just by chance driving down st. Charles saw it thought what the heck we'll go in there and eat just had a bad experience at Houston's. We go in they've got this new dish called a stuffed potato , shrimp stuffed potato. I had that the wife had the Catfish & Shrimp plate it was all delicious service was wonderful the help was more than helpful the food was absolutely delicious the price was well affordable I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.Good food. We eat here Everytime we are in Nola. Always busy but with wait. Great breakfast and bloody Mary's.I love this place. I don't like their hours b/c it seems like whenever I go they are closed or have some sort of special hours but I love the food. Can't deny the seafood omelet. :)I have to update my review. The first time we visited was great. The second time, not at all. We sat down and waited 10 min for someone to acknowledge us. So when he finally comes he says sorry we are backed up at least 45 min!!! What?!?! You're not even busy. So we left. Not too sure if I'll be back. It really does seem all over the place like others have said 
So I totally do not understand why this place is only 3.5 stars. We just moved to the area a few months ago, and have tried quite a few breakfast places; even some of the more talked about ones. This place is one of the best we have ever had by far. The food is fresh, tasty, and the prices are super reasonable. I ordered the western omelet (delish) my husband ordered the southern special he loved it. He even ordered the banana split pancakes and ate those too hahaha.  This place is open for 24 hrs, so come by anytime. Oh and the accept debit and credit cards toI really do enjoy the Trolley Stop, especially for it's hours that cater to my drunken desires. I've always had a pretty pleasant experience here, I love the waitresses (southern sass is amazing) and the food is usually on point. A few times I've been there my food wasn't out of this world, but I know you can never go wrong with a grilled cheese and French fries. Simple goodness.I'm probably being generous with the 3 stars because the servers seem nice here. We ate breakfast here twice because it was recommended by the hotel concierge (1), and because it was close and we knew we could eat what was on the menu (2). Trying to eat gluten free in New Orleans is a real challenge! 
The first morning the waiter was running around like crazy cause someone didn't show up for work, and I don't think they made it the next time, either. We did manage to get served eventually, but it didn't seem to correlate to what time we sat down. Anyway, the food was acceptable with the only sour note being my husband ordered eggs sunny side up and when they arrived barely cooked he asked to have them done a little more.  The waiter takes them away and immediately brings the plate back with what appears to be eggs over easy. They had just flipped the same eggs over to disguise them!
At least it's cheap.Loved the grits, greasy food, and the atmosphere.  Service was a little slow, but very friendly.  The place was packed.
Nice place for breakfast near the Garden District.I had not been to the Trolley Stop in a couple years. It was always a go-to greasy spoon with decent food and service.
Today, worst service ever. So bad that we walked out after an hour of waiting for our food. The "hosts" that seat tables are completely clueless about how to seat a section and notify the server. Then they stand around BS'ing instead of jumping in to help out the servers with refilling drinks, etc. The place is dirty and the kitchen completely disorganized in getting orders out. Such a disaster. Taking this off the list. There are too many other options in New Orleans.So I totally do not understand why this place is only 3.5 stars. We just moved to the area a few months ago, and have tried quite a few breakfast places; even some of the more talked about ones. This place is one of the best we have ever had by far. The food is fresh, tasty, and the prices are super reasonable. I ordered the western omelet (delish) my husband ordered the southern special he loved it. He even ordered the banana split pancakes and ate those too hahaha.  This place is open for 24 hrs, so come by anytime. Oh and the accept debit and credit cards too.Food is good, however the service is not. The phone number on their online menu is incorrect and sends you to a fax machine. When you do figure out the correct number, it can literally take 10 min to order. Some items they will not take phone orders for, and when they tell you it will be ready in 20 min, give them 30.If you're going to make breakfast such a huge part of your menu, you better do it right. Stopped there this morning and ordered eggs with corned beef hash. The grapefruit juice that I ordered turned out to be grapefruit drink. When I mentioned it to my waitress, she said, "That's what we serve." (?) When my breakfast arrived, the sunny side up eggs were barely cooked around the edges, and completely cold and raw in the center. I've ordered sunny side up before, and I know that the tops can be a little runny, but this was ridiculous! They were RAW. When I finally managed to get my waitress' attention, she told me to "wait a minute," then came back and made excuses for the food. I told her I couldn't eat them as they were served, so after making a bit of a fuss, she brought me two more eggs...over easy. "There...how's that?" Not good. Biscuit was hot but raw in the middle, I ate what I could of it. Grits were cold; I left them untouched. Hash was a bit mushy but OK. Never got the butter I asked for twice. In two years of living here, and over 20 years visiting, this was the worse breakfast experience I've ever had in New Orleans. It's a shame, because I live in the neighborhood and would have eaten here often if the food or service had been worth half a damn. I've had better at McDonald's.If there is one thing I love more than a great burger or anything with tuna it's breakfast food. I love breakfast food because growing up my mom would surprise us with breakfast for dinner and go all out making some of everything. I can't compare this place to the amazing smorgasbord my mom would make us, but what is similar is you can have a little bit of everything. 
You CAN have it all!
Ok. This place has cheap, basic, but super satisfying diner style food down to a science. It reminds me of college because I used to live in the lower garden district so trolly stop and I have a history together. It's great for grabbing breakfast in the morning or one of those 'I'm really hungry and it's 3am' kind of meals. 
I stick to the basic breakfast items like eggs, bacon, hash browns, pancakes, waffles, toast, grits, biscuits and gravy, etc. because those are pillars of my lifelong breakfast addiction. That being said, I cannot say I've tried anything that isn't a traditional breakfast food i.e. red beans and rice, any of their soups, salads, or special plates with seafood items. 
Another reason this is one of my favorite places to get a cheap meal at pretty much any hour is that it's kind of an anything goes sort of place. I mean that insofar as I have literally crawled out of bed, put on flip flops, and gone to trolly stop. There are very few places I would do that and I like that there is no judgment here. 
The wait staff range from friendly to awesome to hugely entertaining. Everyone I have ever interacted with here has been really nice and I have never had a bad experience with the food, getting refills, or an incorrect order. The food comes out fast and is always hot. This is a solid place to go for a cheap meal or to satisfy your breakfast cravings.The food was great. The service was amazing. My waitress  was the sweetest lady ever.Pretty cool spot. I went with a date on a Sunday morning. The server was really nice and friendly and knowledgeable of the menu and attentive despite the pretty signicant crowd. The food was good too...Great value for the money. Most certainly will visit again.This place is AMAZING!!!! If you are hungry for breakfast this is the place to go !! The portions are huge, the taste is magnificent , the service is warm and friendly and the prices rock!!! I suggest the stuffed omelet and the French toast !! It was so good I could slap my momma lol !!This place was so bad it was comical...till they overcharged us. First we were told to sit anywhere. We did, then servers and staff did little but stare at us from the wait station. I finally asked a non uniformed person (a mature lady, possibly manager) for a cup.of coffee. 20 minutes later our server came. She really seemed like she lost a bet taking care of our table. We ordered, my husband ordered the bavarian cream waffle. Waitress seems confused and uninterested all at the same time. She came back with water, only to briefly set it in front of my, then take it away to the other near by table. Then she brought my husband a blueberry waffle. He said this is not what i ordered. She disagreed, even though we pointed to the menu item when ordering.  She didnt seem to care, later came back with what i assume was bavairan cream stuff, flung it on the table. The waffle was by now ice cold. And we got chaged and extra 2.00 on top of the 6.95 for 1 "fancy waffle". The waitress and the rest of the staff seemed perfectly fine with the crazy rude service..food really sub par as can tell from one order they actually bothered to get right. So many better breakfast spots, skip this bummer of a placeGreat Breakfast.  Nice location along the streetcar lineLove it! Good food. Always on point when it comes to breakfast anytime of the day. When you walk in you are always greeted with a friendly hello or we will be with you in second. Never have to wait long. People are always coming in out and leaving happy. If you are Hungry at night and want  a good breakfast or dinner this is the place to come.On vacation with the family this past weekend, stopped here to eat because our grandparents recommended it. When we got there, the sign said "Please Seat Yourself", however we had a party of 6 so we had to wait for them to put a table together. The place had 3 other parties there, but the waiter very rudely told us to go back down the stairs & wait to be seated. (even my disabled mother in law, who walks with a cane, so stairs are hard on her)
When we finally got to sit down, we had no menus, napkins, or silverware. When our waiter came back, we had to ASK for these things. He brought them to our table & just threw them down, instead of handing them to us. After waiting for 10 more minutes, (again, there was maybe 3 other small groups there) we ordered our drinks & our food. The food was good, but the service was still terrible. When my mother in law & I got our salads, the waiter said he would be back with salad dressing & my mother in law asked for a water. 15 minutes later, my grandmother in law flagged him down & we asked again for our salad dressing & my mother in law reminded him to get her water. His reply "I don't remember you ordering a water, but okay." & then walks off. 
I don't remember our waiter's name, but he was rude and honestly seemed COMPLETELY stoned. 
One star for decent food, but I will NOT come back.Totally what you expected (in an awesome way)! 
Adorable diner-esque restaurant with a southern feel. Delicious, indulgent, and less than calorie friendly breakfasts served all day in addition to plenty of soups and/or sandwich options all served in a casual setting by a sassy, but friendly staff that makes you feel like you're at home. 
However since this is New Orleans, you know there is a full bar to get your mimosa and/or bloody mary on! Plus its right on the street car line so you can stop off and roll back on! 
Can't wait to return!Three stars because the service is unbelievably awesome but i thought the food is bad. I ordered the omelet with shrimp and i picked out all the shrimp, put it on the side and didn't eat it because it wasn't cleaned, the veins which is the shrimp poop was in there still. We also got the corned beef hash and it tasted like too beefy. I was grossed out the whole day. Sorry but you need to clean your shrimp!It was a tasty breakfast. The service was fast. I felt like the grits were plain and they overcooked my eggs. The biscuits were hard. However,  I'm not a picky eater. The prices were very reasonable and they are open 24 hrs. Not a bad option.