Excellent drink options and flavor-packed food paired with a mood-lit rustic ambiance make The Original Pierre Maspero's a great spot for dinner. I had the crab cakes and they were perfection--from the amount of crabmeat and size of each cake to the remoulade drizzled on top, they are savory and totally worth stopping in for. I ordered a French Onion Soup app and it was the best I've ever had. 5/5 stars, look forward to returning.We went here for dinner and it was a decent restaurant. The service was good! I had the chicken parmesan which was yummy and the breadpuddiung was good too. We also tried the Jambalaya and the city sampler because it's one of the popular dishes at Maspero's and they were good! I just didn't like the mirrors on the wall.We stopped by on our way to tour Burbon street and decided to give it a try for breakfast.  I had the Grand Galette. The potato portion is like a thicker version of hash browns (similar to rosti in Switzerland) - really tasty.  My wife had the Andouille & Eggs and said it was decent but quite heavy.  It's served with a days worth of calories (very creamy and cheesy).  My buddy had the Lost Bread which was great (almost tasted like a deep fried beignet...oh that's an idea).  Anyway, give it a try.  You'll leave satisfied.Breakfast , four in our group, no wait on a Sunday morning around 11:30. Food was goodHighly recommend this place if you are in the area.  Our server was attentive, but not overbearing.  The atmosphere was lively but not too loud, and all of the staff was great.  I got the southern fried fish poboy, and it perfectly hit the spot.  My wife got the shrimp poboy and was less impressed, but it wasn't horrible.  For the price and the location, I was very impressed.  They even brought us refills of our drink in to-go cups!This is our new favorite restaurant in New Orleans!!! Shelly was our server and not only was she awesome at what she does, she has the greatest personality! More importantly, she gave us the perfect recommendations for our taste. Everything...and 8
Mean every this... Was awesome. Alligator (our first time tasting), red fish, grits as a did, saturated spinach, beer, martini and the poor boy. The bread pudding was so good that the mister loved it! He never eats breakfast pudding! Will be back when we visit New Orleans!!!We ate here on out third and last night in New Orleans.  Although we had good food at other restaurants (including the Commander's Palace), this restaurant was by far the best.  There was five of us and we all loved what we ordered.  The only downside was that our waiter was slow and forgot a few things.  He was young, so perhaps just inexperienced?Had the creole sampler. Jambalaya was nasty. Étouffée was good. Service was subpar. We asked the hostess to sell us on this place and she did. We had some of our friends' fried shrimp and fries. Was super good. Didn't have drinks. Good atmosphere and cute location.We sat at the bar. Staff was incredibly friendly and conversational. The barkeep told us the history of this restaurant as the building has been there since 1788. 
PROS:
-Friendly staff
-Great bar staff and heritage (225 years)
-Great crab cakes AMAZING!!
-Everyone is conversational
-They encourage the support of the local brews
-Potent beverages
-Old beautiful interior
-wait staff in buttons downs, bow ties, and vests
-Small place but tables are arranged well so you don't bump into one another
CONS:
-Can be a little drafty siting at the bar 
-Even though wait staff dressed the part the place was lacking that classy appeal. Probably because here weren't table cloths in the tables and condiment and the hostess had a polo on with a long sleeve shirt underneath. 
-Small bar, you get hit by staff walking by when it gets a little more crowdedGreat food, even better service!!  This should be your first stop for breakfast!  Found this Gem after there was a 30 minute wait at Cafe. Dont bother with any where else. Great bloody Mary'sLoved the food, and loved the history of the restaurant! If I ever come back to NOLA, definitely will come here again. 
Red beans and rice was delicious.This was a fabulous place for seafood platter. I got the fried fish and it was the best I have ever had. Adult beverages were tasty too!Service was not only amazing,  but well treated. Great service, felt like part of the family. Our waitress was the best!! I don't remember the name exsctly,  but Caroline.. maybe... anyways she had blue tints in her hair... thank you. You made our stay in New Orleans what it should be!This place is in high demand and when you walk in you'll know why. Great staff very welcoming and energetic, if they can't make you smile no one can. The great staff flows right into great tasting food. They have that touch that makes a Big Easy thing taste so much better. I had the gator and it did not taste like chicken or fish, it's foodie magic.Excellent crab cakes for an appetizer, and the Blackened Redfish with optional seafood cream sauce ($9 up charge) is so worth it!!  My daughter had the Blackened Chicken Fettuccine and said it was delicious!  The service was terrific, and the historical significance of the location is an added bonus.  We highly recommend it!They get 4 stars for kindness and service.  Food was nice, not extraordinary, but well-spiced and fresh.  My overworked server was swamped, so the manager swooped in and took my order.  Food came quickly but i never felt rushed.  Both she and my server (Chad) came by frequently to see how I was doing.
And, he called me Sweetie.  I'm a sucker for Sweetie.  It is, well, sweet.Food was great ... had the red beans and rice with sausage.  Service was great and quick.  Definitely going back ...Good customer service and great food. We ordered chicken and waffles and really enjoyed it.The crab cakes were pretty good. I ordered the Crescent sampler..the jambalaya was decent, I ate all the etoufee even tho the smell was horrible, and I only are a few spoonfuls of the gumbo.So very good! Chicken and waffles was delicious. Keisha was so accommodating and took really good care of us. I will definitely come back and will be sure to ask for her.The fried shrimp was phenomenal! We also got the sampler and it was just ok. I had much better etouffee during my visit at other places.Found this place on yelp. The reviews were good so decided to try it. The food was delicious ! The shrimp pistolete was to die for ! And my main dish the sea food pot pie was delicious as well. Must try.This was my second time to eat here and it did not disappoint. The po boys are some of the best that new Orleans has to offer. I got the shrimp poboy and it was overflowing with the little fried morsels. Waitstaff even accommodated my friend when what he ordered ended up not being to his liking. This will always be one of my go to restaurants when I go to NOLA.Drinks were great. Try the 440 mojito. Our party got shrimp and grits and chicken and waffles. Both were fantastic. The sauce on the shrimp and grits was AMAZING! Buttery with a zip. Our server, Sam, was attentive and very knowledgeable. Will come back!I partially want to give such a great review because they were one of the few places who made a vegetarian po-boy for me and    It was delicious. Totally a fan. 
I will definitely come back for that. The service was a little sloppy mainly because it was Mardi Gras and they were hella crowded. But alls well that ends well. My tummy was happy so was I. Would recommend to try it. I believe this is better than the one on Decatur. Try both and take your pick I'd say.Food was delicious and the staff was extremely friendly. We ordered the gator appetizer, french onion soup, and blackened chicken jambalaya. All great dishes.The drinks were almost the best part of this visit.  Our waitress Shelly was super courteous and took her time to recommend drinks and dishes despite how busy it was on a Saturday night.  I absolutely loved the fried alligator appetizer and crawfish étouffée which was the first time I sampled either. For my entree I ordered the shrimp and grits and found it a little too rich for my liking.  After getting halfway through it was just too much.  I sampled my boyfriends red drum fish dish and that was pretty good.  Overall a few gems on the menu but definitely the bar was the highlight of this restaurant.Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Food is beyond amazing. The wait staff is about as pleasant as you can get. The old building adds to the wonderful experience. This building was established is 1788. The gas lanterns, exposed brick, and wood beams gives a true NOLA experience . Terri our waitress was so nice and helpful.Fast, friendly service and good food right around the corner from our hotel. What more could one want in life? I really enjoyed the rich stock for the chicken and andouille gumbo. I have to say, though, that their mint julep was odd--it tasted as if there was sprite in it, and there were random strawberry fragments (probably from someone else's drink).  My advice: stick to standard cocktails or beer/wine and get there early for dinner (the wait gets long around 6:30). And try the gumbo!Greeting- yes
Vibe- pirates of past
Price- good
Service- good
Parking- good luck
Food
Seafood eggs Benedict $15 was good
Grits $2 good
Chocolate cake $6.50 is ok
WIGB? NoAmazon food! Loved the pasta with blackened chicken. One of the best pastas I have ever had, and I eat a lot of pasta! Super creamy and flavorful. Great service, husband loves the jambalaya, had high quality andouille sausage, not rubbery at all. The place is sooo cute, even the iced tea was good! And they were just all so friendly.First stop in NOLA.
Great service and super cute place!
I got shrimp and grits. I actually dont like grits but i wanted to see if it was diff in NOLA
It was made excellent, the shrimp, ham, SAUCE really good. Still dont like grits lol but would recommend for those that do.
My bf got chicken and waffles,  which i hated but he loved
Def try!This place has such a nice feel and a great location. The inside of the restaurant looks like it was taken out of an Irish pub from a Disney movie (or at least that's how I remembered it). One thing that I definitely remember is that the restrooms are behind that staircase by the brick wall. My party and I only dined for 20 minutes because we were in a rush, but we pretty much finished everything that we ordered. The food came out quickly. I got the crawfish étouffée and it was delicious! If you check in on Yelp you got a free appetizer, so make sure to do that! I would definitely come here again.Soooo I thought this place was just okay.  
It's located in the French Quarter so there's a lot of action around the restaurant and plenty of people watching to do.  
However, I think it's overpriced and overhyped for the quality of food and service you receive.  I don't think I've seen the wait staff more unhappy at a restaurant than Pierres.  They were all contentious with one another, eye rolls galore, dirty looks, back talking to one another and shaking their heads harder than a bobble head.  
Our waitress took our order, brought our food and brought our check.  She didn't once check on us, ask if we wanted anything else, ask if we wanted another drink, a refill on water or dessert.  We would've taken all of the above scoring her a larger tip and more money towards the restaurant but she could've cared less about her tables.  
The hubby ordered the crab cakes which contained more breading than protein and was served on a bed of sautéed vegetables.  I ordered the etouffee which was very tasty BUT the portion was so small that I was done in about 8-10 small bites.  
$60 later, we left unsatisfied, thirsty and still hungry.  I would never recommend this place to anyone.Delicious food! I went there to try the Jambalaya (I choose the chicken one) and gumbo soup. Everything was delicious! The bread pudding and my cocktail were good too. Food was delivered to the bar super fast. The bartenders were very attentive and SO FUNNY: dressed up for Mardi Gras and dancing at the bar. I had such a great time! That's what I look for when I travel by myself and go for dinner alone. Thank you guys. You're awesome!Just great food and service. Today was the second time going. During my first visit to New Orleans we stumbled upon this restaurant when exploring the French Quarter and I had Chicken and Waffles. I had their fish platter today and it was large enough to easily feed two people.  My husband had the chicken gumbo and that too was great.It was good. We got the sampler and wasn't impressed with the gumbo but a great restaurant for kids!We landed in New Orleans at noon on Christmas Day. Our last meal had been at 7 in the morning. Needless to say, we were hungry enough to eat an alligator. Pickin's were slim on Christmas Day, but OPM was thankfully open for us and hoppin! I guess everyone else was also looking for a place to eat. We got seated quickly and someone came over for our drink order also quickly. Unfortunately, the drink he recommended tasted like spicy pickle juice and not quite the spicy margarita I was promised. Pickle lovers everywhere, the Hot in the City is for you. 
For our entrees, we got a sampler with Crawfish Etouffee, Jambalaya and Chicken Gumbo and a platter of fried shrimp and catfish. The Jambalaya was definitely one of the better jambalaya we had in New Orleans, but that could be because I am partial to Cajun jambalaya more so than the creole version with tomatoes. The etouffee was good and the gumbo was decent, but definitely a bit more of a gamey taste.
The fried shrimp and catfish platter is hard to judge. It came out piping hot with very large shrimp and catfish pieces. The batter was great and the pieces were cooked juuust right. However, the seasoning was only so so. The menu had mentioned a "special seasoning". Unless they use imported salt and pepper, there was nothing special about their seasoning. They also did not have any seasoning shakers like Old Bay to put on the fried platter. At 22 bucks a pop, I expected more.
Our server was very nice and attentive. He came over as we were getting our checks and gave us some great recommendations.
Side note: During our walking tour, we found out that this place was started out as a slave exchange. Kind of glad I found that out after the fact.We really enjoyed our meals!  Our waitress ,Shelly suggested the Shrimp Pistolettes for an appetizer--it was yummy!  I had the French onion soup which was very good and the muffuletta which Shelly suggested.  I love olives so the sandwich was a hit with me!   My husband had the shrimp and grits.  Another great dish!  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.One of the best meals I have ever eaten!  
On our recent visit to New Orleans my fiancé (his first and my third) and I were told about a couple restaurants to eat at including this one.  I'm so glad we listened.  
Our server, Katie (sp?) was amazing and provided some of the best service we have ever had at a restaurant.  The building is cool, I love the decor and open feel.  Even though they were super busy we didn't feel like we were sitting on top of anyone.  The history of the building adds to the experience.  And the food came out super fast, couldn't have been more than 10 minutes after we ordered it. 
But the quality of the food was what set them apart.  Fresh, hot and it even looked beautiful (presentation counts for something).  I ordered the crab cakes which came on top of a bed of baby spinach and my fiancé ordered the shrimp and grits.  
I can't brag on this place enough.  We have told everyone in Nashville we know that is planning to visit.  I already love New Orlean since the first time I visited 10 years ago and this meal was the first of a couple experiences on our visit that made my fiancé love this amazing city.With all of the stellar food options in NOLA, I don't really understand the great reviews for this place. My friend and I came here for breakfast one morning during our stay in the city because the other place we wanted to go was too crowded and we had limited time before a walking tour.
The first bad sign was when I ordered an orange juice and was presented with a glass of ice and a bottle of Minute Maid. I kid you not. Minute Maid?! Come on, people. My friend ordered the baked eggs with andouille sausage, which she said was barely edible and contained virtually no sausage. I had the Louisiana lost bread, which was essentially fried bread with some sort of filling. The whipped cream and strawberries on top tasted like meat even though there was no meat in the dish. I've never had lost bread before so I have no basis for comparison, but I wasn't overly impressed with this.
In short, there are far better restaurants in NOLA.Great place! Food was divine!! Our waitress Robin was not only friendly and energetic but she was super knowledgable and helpful picking out a fantastic meal!I must admit that although I was starving, the primary reason we ducked into this place was to escape the crush of the Mardi Gras crowds.  We loved the glass door/walls that were open onto the bustling sidewalks that allowed us to watch everything close-up, in a protected and relatively spacious area.  And the food was good too.  We ordered the French onion soup which was rich and cheesy.  Cheesy in a good way.  I ordered the shrimp po' boy that was just bursting with succulent shrimp.  I had more shrimp spilling out of the sandwich when I took a bite than I did lettuce!  Oh, so good!  I don't remember what anybody else ordered, but I know that I would recommend this place to anybody.  I thought the food  was really tasty and although it was just packed full of Mardi Gras revelers, the service was great too!.This place has the best fried green tomatoes.     Ate here Christmas night and tried a taste of my son's girlfriend's fried green tomatoes.    I wished then I had ordered them, but enjoyed my crab cakes nonetheless.     I went home and all I could think about was the fried green tomatoes.    I decided then that I should visit my son in New Orleans again and ASAP.   We decided to take a little vacation at the end of February.    We were only there 3 days, but had the fried green tomatoes twice.     Once you taste these, you will crave them and dream about them.OMG. Shrimp and grits at 
Pierre Maspero's. I kinda want to order it again and have a second plate. Great atmosphere and super friendly staff!Seafood pistolettes ahhhmazzzing!!!
Crab cakes were mediocre. 
Fast, friendly service. Sasha was a delight!Second visit & just as good as the first visit! Great food & service! (Ask for Keisha) I had the blackened chicken alfredo pasta & it was great! Chicken had so much flavor and came with a piece of garlic bread.  The hurricanes are good and strong! The hot brown sandwich is delicious as well!Being from lafayette, your gumbo, Crawfish etouffee and jambalaya does not match up, I really did not enjoy it. On the other hand, the seafood biscuit was excellent.Crab cakes where greasy .   Not a lot of seafood on po boy.  Roast beef po boy was disgusting.   Steak was fatty and tough.  We went for lunch and it smelled like fish in the restaurant.   We should of gotten up and left.  But we didn't and hoped for good food.  Oh well.   Won't return here.  I can't see how people gave this place four stars.Loved the crab cakes , the red fish was amazing . Such a warm staff and pleasant treatment with recommendations and help to decide on the menu . Loved it definitely recommend this place if u don't wanna be one among a thousand in a mechanical restaurant and be treated like a friend with obviously good food . Shelley was in particular amazing , friendly and warmOne of my favorites in NOLA, and I'm a local! Speaking of locals, let them know you're a local and you'll get a discount. Make sure to try the bbq shrimp or the shrimp & grits. TO. DIE. FOR. Don't forget the bloody mary! BEST IN NOLA, hands down!I stopped by this restaurant because it was close to my hotel and looked cute. I would not recommend it and I would not go back. While the restaurant had pleasant ambiance and friendly servers the food was not good. I ordered the shrimp po' boy and have had better outside of Louisiana. The french fries seemed like they had been frozen and came from some generic french fry plant, the bread wasn't fresh and there was nothing special about my fried shrimp or the sauce that came on the sandwich. The cocktail sauce that I asked for on the side was tasty. I was disappointed with my meal - pass this place by and try somewhere else for what will hopefully be a better cajun-creole dining experience.Best shrimp and grits ever.  Service was great.  Good value of food for the money.  Hubby had pork po'boy.  Laid back atmosphere and very welcoming.  Will def be back.Great start to the morning for a quick breakfast. Friendly efficient service 
Eggs done exactly how we ordered ... over easy. 
The Louisiana Lost Bread sounded interesting and it was. Tasted good because it was fried.  Did not expect that but it was light and airy disguising all those calories. 
Basic breakfast fineBest breakfast in a long time! 
My sister and I ordered the Louisiana lost bread and the maspero's omelette. Perfect pair for sweet and savory.  Also, their bloody Mary's are AMAZING!The crab cakes are AMAZING! Our waitress recommended them and they did not disappoint. We also shared the spinach and artichoke dip that was also very much enjoyed. Our meals were great and all of your seafood classics are on the menu. The cocktails were refreshing and they offer local ales/beers. The icing on the cake however was the bread pudding, by far the best I've had EVER ...and I'm kind of the bread pudding connoisseur. I'd definitely dine in again or recommend it.Great service. Horrible food! I actually returned the gumbo, crawfish etoufee also gross. The fried green tomatoes and the crab cakes were decent.A menu full of Nola foods. Service was attentive and quick as possible. Food served hot. I'm not sure if the rice in two on my crescent city sampler were supposed to be under cooked but I'm not a fan of crunchy rice like my dad. The fried gator that my cousin had was amazing. That should be in a po-boy.Cool atmosphere, very cool staff and very mediocre food. There is much better food to be had in this city, go find it. But if you value ambiance over cuisine, check out this tourist restaurant.Our last meal in NOLA and it wasn't such a good experience. First, the place was freezing. It was 80 degrees out, the resturant windows were open and the air was cranking as if it was 100. It was so cold that I couldn't wait to get out of there. Next, the waitress was so spacey and asked me my order about 5 times. After the food was delivered, it was all wrong. When I asked for hollandaise sauce she explained to me that the food runner was new and doesn't know what he's doing. "Great team work! I don't care, just get me the hollandaise." Then, when our check came, she was MIA again, so we tracked down a bus boy who quickly good things taken care of. Can I recommend the waitress and busboy switch positions?Ordered Shrimp and Grits and the Hot brown which is a sandwich. Everything was great! The bathroom was clean. Our order was correct. The food was delicious. The only reason for the 4 stars is the amount of bar nats / fruit flies that were invading our food and space. A few is to be expected, however, I've been in this industry and know the methods to maintain a low level and there were simply too many that interrupted our meal.Friends of ours recommended this place for breakfast.  However, we didnt quite make it in time.  By the time we'd arrived they were only serving lunch/dinner.  My husband ordered the fried alligator and I, a cup of gumbo as our appetizers.  Both were extremely disaapointing.  My gumbo was cold and runny.  More like a broth, to be honest.  It had perhaps one piece of chicken in it and very little rice. His alligator wasnt anything to write home about either.  We then ordered the Jambalaya and Crawfish Etouffee as our main entrees.  I have to admit the jambalaya was DELICIOUS!!!  The portion size was great and it was steaming hot.  Would totally order that again.  Unfortunately the hubby got a cold and very small serving of etouffee.  Would not recommend this plate.   He preferred to eat mine and leave his. Our waiter was also awful.  First of all, it took him forever to even come to our table to get our drink orders.  We waited on water for over 15 minutes.  When he finally was ready to take our order, just stood there, looking like he hated his job.  He didnt care to go over anything on the menu or make any recommendations. When I asked him if the jambalaya was good there and if he recommended it, he looked at me like I was boring him and reluctanctly replied, "yeah".  That was all we got.  While we were eating, he never once checked on our table to make sure we needed anything else. That was the worst service our group got during our entire stay in NOLA.  All in all, the food was just okay.  It was definitely not worth the very large tab we received at the end of our meal.loved this place.
the crescent city sampler was outstanding - i dream about the red beans and rice.  the bloody mary was extra spicy but not so much so that i couldn't enjoy it.
service was fantastic.
will definitely return next time i'm in town!Katie was fantastic! She made all the right suggestions and was spot on! We had the crawfish platter and the fish and shrimp platter with a seafood pistolletes which Katie suggested. The appetizer was just what we needed after a day of drinking. The platters were great for fried food dinner on a budget. But really Katie made it an overall great dining experience!In the Quarter with a surprisingly high number of expensive restaurants, Pierre Maspero's was comparably more affordable. We were in search of Louisianan food, and we were really glad to have picked the Crescent City Sampler with the jambalaya, gumbo, and the red beans. Deceptively small portions, but actually quite filling. Really great flavors and texture - a definite recommendation. We had the fried alligator, but it was actually quite tough and a bit too salty with the batter, which i think tries to cover for the lack of flavor and poor preparation. It was definitely not worth the $9, and it's more gimmicky than anything. We laughed at the fact that we ordered a bottle of wine, and we wanted to take the bottle out with us. The waitress offered to get us to-go cups, so we could drink it as we walked on the streets. As Californians, this was quite unexpected. But nonetheless, good service, though the ambiance is a bit loud and crowded for my tastes. Also, it was surprisingly cold where we were sitting - it was a cooler night with the fans running on high.Service is good, really nice atmosphere. Food is weak. I'm not a particularly knowledgeable foodie, but there seems to be depth lacking in both the etouffee and shrimp and grits (and a strange flavor). Definitely not worth the price, although the presentation is good. Fries are very good - kids meals overpriced, but not bad.I found this place by accident walking through the quarter. We decided to give this place a try. The food was very good and the service was excellent. Amazing appetizers. I will be coming back to eat here for my next visit to Nola.Dining here was a very fitting way to end my New Orleans vacation as the food was definitely appropriate for the city and of the highest quality. I am a huge fan of anything that has anything to do with prawns so both the appetizer that I ordered and the main dish had plenty of them. Everything about this place was top notch. The decor was classy without being pretentious, the staff was friendly and helpful without being pushy or overbearing, and the food was about as deliciously delectable as you would ever want it to be.Best service (finally) I have had in NOLA. The shrimp and grits are the best I have had anywhere. Red beans and rice are nice and smoky. They accommodated my sons corn allergy by grilling the seafood he wanted. Superb roumelade sauce. The mojito was fresh and not sweet. Highly recommended. The food I have eaten thus far in NOLA has been a let down. This was a nice change.Honey, do yourself a favor: get a table open to the sidewalk, sit back and enjoy! Lovely service, great food, wonderful cocktails and even the blues background music made for a perfect little lunch vacation. The view across to the Napoleon House is quaint too. My favorite was the fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade!Came here from Philadelphia -- was unbelievably good, I'm sure we'll return within the week. We had the fried green tomatoes, blackened jambalaya, and the chicken and waffles. While the fried tomato appetizer with grilled shrimp and an amazing remoulade sauce, all the dishes were great.   Keisha was genuinely one of the nicest waitresses we've had, but maybe that's just how it is down South. Love the place! Very nice atmosphere as well.Waited only about 10 mins for a table on a Wednesday night. I had the Hot Brown, which was good. A bit small for the price, as that seemed to be the theme of everyone in the group's entrees. Also sampled the gumbo and jambalaya. Both tasted great. A cool location and atmosphere.Must try the sea food pot pie. It is delicious. The fried green tomatoes and shrimp remoulade was amazing too. We liked everything we ate here. Service was friendly and prompt.We arrived here on our first evening in NOLA. It was a great find! We came on a Sunday evening around dinner time. It was busy, but not packed. Our sever was very friendly and good with the recommendations. I went with the Creole Sampler or Trio...I can't remember the exact name. A great meal for this first time visitor to the area. My wife had a salad and it had some nice spice to it. We really enjoyed the meal here. The food was very good, prices were reasonable and the service was great.Walked right in. Great drinks, delicious food. Off a star for presentation of the grillades and grits. Tasty, but kind of ugly.Seafood pot pie and Shrimp & grits were both so good! Very intriguing interior, fun wait staff, and relaxed atmosphere. Very glad we stumbled upon this spot for dinner.Their goddess salad is divinnnne. I can't figure out how they make their dressing, but it is on my to-do list because I don't currently live in NOLA and i need it in my life. 
They have a boozy butter pecan milkshake that was made perfectly. The fried green tomatoes with shrimp was filling yet still quite light. 
The venue has an open air feel to it as their doors and windows remained open during our stay.This place is a-maze-ing!  I was just looking for a place to have a drink, but ended up ordering the (boneless-yay) chicken 'n waffles and Mirliton Slaw.  I never finish my plate, but this place had me licked clean and wanting more.  Lightly fried Chicken,  Tabasco-Honey Syrup, and a soft and warm waffle. Yum. Add to that the mildly spicy, sort of vinegar and crunch, of the Mirliton Slaw, and you're in food heaven.  The door is basic New Orleans, but that's part of its charm.  Add to it the skill of bartender Nadia, and you have a hidden gem.Great service and wonderful food.  The chicken parmesan was so good I cam back for more later in my trip.  Calamari was good too.
The restaurant is a little cramped so I deducted a star.  From our table near the corner of the bar there was a lot of traffic making conversation a little difficult.I really teetered back and forth on what to give Pierre Maspero's. Don't get me wrong, our meal here during this past New Orleans trip was nothing to sneeze at (don't do that), but something made me question my star rating...
I don't think I would ponder the space as it had a rustically-classic charm to it. The building actually has historical importance both with (unfortunately) slave trading and Andrew Jackson meeting with the Lafitte brothers to discuss the Battle of New Orleans. Those points were positives.
I wouldn't raise a query to the service either. On the contrary our waiter was a pleasantly funny guy who had our food coming out at reasonable intervals. He even noticed my phone open to my Yelp check-in for a free appetizer (fried green tomatoes for us).
Perhaps, it was the food. No part of me would say the meal was a negative, but I suppose nothing blew me (or any of my family members) away. Those aforementioned fried green tomatoes started off things with tastiness (even if they were a tad odd with shrimp laying on top of them). Fried alligator was also dined on which were mostly tender pieces, but a few outliers threw off some of the flavoring. My entree was jambalaya which was a nice-sized portion with plenty of shrimp, but I suppose not truly memorable (nor were my sister and mother's chicken and waffles or my dad's burger). Again, nothing to complain about, but nothing to write home about either (sorry, New York). 
Overall, Pierre Maspero's delivered on just about everything except for maybe the most important factor: food. Did they fail? Definitely not. I'd go as far as saying I might return in the future (perhaps). Though knowing the four star (and higher) meals I ate in New Orleans and comparing it to this one, I have to drop Pierre down to three. Consider my teeter to be over.Being at New Orleans was great - but their food was even more exciting! I went here with a bunch of friends and the place couldn't accommodate all of us with one table with their amount  of guests. In the end, we had to split between guys and girls with tables far from one another. That's kinda disappointing.
Anyway, their dip with their bread was amazing. Their dip was delicious and not too cheesy. The waitress even toasted more bread for us to all share. I ordered the blackened chicken jumbalaya which oddly reminded me of fried rice. I still liked it but I thought it would be better. Perhaps seafood would've been but since I'm allergic to shrimp, it's sad to say I couldn't have given a better review. Maybe next time!Great service with average food
Pros
Great service
Average food
Traditional southern comfort food
Cons
Crowded
NoisyThis was our favorite spot over our 4 days in New Orleans.  Jordan was an awesome waitress and she took the time to give wonderful recommendations for not only food but things to do and see during our stay.  I ordered the chicken and waffles and they were super tasty!  Great food and amazing service made this a memorable visit!Food was perfect. Started with the sampler of jumbalay and gumbo and shrimp dish. Also had a gulf fish po-boy. Fish was very fresh. Everything was excellent!  Recommend for any time of the day.Celebrating best friends 24th birthday at NOLA...this was our first night dinner spot. No wait (was with a large party to boot). SOLID meals & drinks. They even sang Happy Birthday with pecan pie...off to a wonderful start!Delicious mint julep in cozy delightfully noisy pub-type atmosphere. We shared a blacked red fish alfredo. Yum! More than enough for two of us. We returned to the Charter House by way of a circuitous route that led us down Bourbon Street. I was dancing all the way home!Amazing food, service, and ambience! We were seated immediately by an extremely nice guy, and our waitress was such a sweetheart! We ate a variety of places in New Orleans and this was the best! The drinks were also amazing.This was one of the best places I ate while in New Orleans. I had the fried green tomatoes, which btw I tried at multiple places on my trip to the south and no one had them like Maspero's. They were delicious and the sauce was perfection. I also had the green goddess salad. For a salad, it was really good. The dressing was delicious. Overall, a good experience. I can't wait to come back!Blackened crawfish plater was very flavorful. A satisfying portion. Enjoyed the  historic setting .I'm late in writing this review, as we ate here over Halloween weekend 2015; but it was so good that it has been on my mind ever since!  I ordered the seafood pot pie, and it was seriously one of the best dishes I have ever had. The cream sauce filled with lots of seafood was incredible, and poured over a delicious biscuit made it absolutely mouth watering. As a plus, the brick interior and building's history was really interesting.  I highly recommend eating here!Honestly this was the worst dining experience we had while in New Orleans. We were just looking for a casual place for dinner with local food after a day of walking around.  The hostess was so sweet and sent us to the bar while we waited for our table, we hadn't seen a menu and didn't know what we wanted to drink and that seemed to annoy the bartender. It took ten minutes to get his attention again to finally order and by the time we got our drinks our table was ready.  When I checked it I got a free appetizer offer which was great and my family and I were super excited to try to seafood pistolletes (we were looking for things we couldn't get at normal restaurants in Arizona). After we were seated our waitress brought water and then disappeared. It was super busy on a Saturday night so I understand the wait, everyone seemed to be working really hard.  When we finally saw out waitress again we ordered our appetizer and 3 entrees all at once to make sure everything got in.  
20 minutes later we hadn't seen our waitress again, or our appetizer, but our entrees came out.  Our waitress came over to see how everything was and we told her we hadn't gotten our appetizer and to please cancel it, we didn't want it at that point. She didn't apologize she just said okay and walked away.  She came back 5 minutes later and said are you sure you don't want it because it was free. We declined.  Our meals were okay but honestly our experience had been so frustrating we just wanted to finish our meal and get out if there.  The restaurant did take 15% off our check which was really nice because it was an appetizer we weren't paying for, but the service over all was just disappointing.
We went to a lot of busy restaurants over the weekend and all of our servers were really great but this restaurant didn't make the cut. I would not go back and I would not recommend it to friends when visiting the city.This was our second time coming here in the past 3 days of our vacation.  Both times were great great.  Keisha last night provided great service and made some great recommendations.  We had the pistolettes as a starter, shrimp and grits and the crawfish tasso pasta as the main dishes and the pecan pie for dessert.  Everything was amazing.  I would highly recommend this place.  We went in about 9:30pm on a saturday and surprisingly it wasnt super crowded.  Lucky us.Ate here last year and plan to go back in March when we get back to New Orleans! Food, service and drinks where all Amazing. We wanted to go to the restaurant across the street because someone recommended it but because of Jazz fest it was closed. Lucky us because we went to Maspero's. We cant wait to go back!!!!!Wow! Amazing food. I tried the jambalaya with chicken. Ended up stealing some shrimp from someone's plate. Must try spot!We came for waffles and this is one of the few places that had them and it was in walking distance from out hotel. The wait staff was friendly and service was fast. Oh and  he food was good too.We walked passed Pierre Maspero's en route to a nearby restaurant that I yelped earlier that day. They had a platter on display streetside, along with a bloody mary and mimosa with my name all ova it. I guess we (Pierre Maspero and I) were meant to be, because the place we were headed to was closed. Back to that drink yo!
Let me tell you. Service here is FIVE STARS all the way, y'all. Soon as we were quickly seated, I asked our server if it was cool if I brought my dog in and tied him up to the hook I spotted right by the open French doors. "Sure! Of course, so long as he doesn't come inside." PERFECT, because it was rainy and humid outside and I felt awful leaving him in there with just a cracked window. She did warn that where we were going to sit, the air vent was strong. I froze to death, but the things you do for you bebe. 
With bloody mary on my mind, I ordered up one, along with their plump and crispy crab cakes. They came out piping hot with a zesty sauced swirled around the plate. I recommend these, crab cake fiends.
Their menu consists of what all other restaurants in N.O. feature: poboys, Cajun pastas, blackend fish and chicken, etc. Two menu items caught my eye, but the crawfish pasta was what sold me. It was a generous serving (could only eat half) with a heavy Cajun cream sauce, lots of crawfish tails, garlic shavings and two slices of baked French bread. 
And the bloody mary? A tall glass topped with olives, pickled peppers and green beans. Spicy, yes, but not enough for this Texas gal. 
Would I come back? Most definitely. There's lots of history (sorry, none that I quiet remember, but read up on from their menu). Not only was the food great, but the service was fantastic. Our server presented a bowl of H2O for my pup, and the manager even came around outside and adored Tex's pedigree beauty. Hey, you treat my baby right, my business is all yours! 
***I can't leave out that I forgot my purse (doh!) and remembered 20 minutes outside of Baton Rouge. We turned back around and they kept it for me behind the bar til I got there. Thank you, thank you, thank you!***My husband and I dined here last evening. Shelley was our server and she was outstanding! It was her first evening back to work and she was clearly happy to be there. The food and drinks were delicious and the service was excellent. Thank you for helping to make our visit to New Orleans a memorable one.Good food, not the best gumbo I've had, but really good jambalaya.
Friends had chicken and waffles which was very good also.  Their honey Tabasco sauce was excellent.
Great atmosphere with old brick, gas lamps and light airy feel.  Would definitely come back.For our last night in NOLA, we decided to check out the authentic flavors that The Original Pierre Maspero's had to offer. The history of this building was enticing, on their site it reads:
"Of all the historic sites in New Orleans, none have witnessed more drama than the old exchange coffee house known as The Original Pierre Maspero's Slave Exchange. The building is one of the oldest in the French Quarter, having been erected in 1788 by Don Juan Paillet. During the first decades of the 19th century this coffee house was a meeting place where brothers Jean and Pierre Lafitte and their men met to plan escapes. It was also in this historic site that Andrew Jackson met with the Lafitte brothers to plan the defense at the epic Battle of New Orleans. It was at this battle that the British surrendered to the American troops led by Jackson. America's Independence was finalized and General Jackson went on to become the 7th president of the United States. Today, it is a locally-enjoyed restaurant where travelers to the French Quarter can dine on authentic New Orleans cuisine while enjoying the historic property."
I am so glad we ended up here. We were seated perfectly positioned to enjoy the sunset, the restaurant is very open. The building itself is so cool on the inside. It is clearly very old, they have kept the integrity of the history while still appealing to the modern crowd.
It was also pretty cool they offered the free app with two entrees with the Yelp deal. We started with the crab cakes, outstanding flavor. I don't think I can have a crab cake in Colorado ever again after seeing what they are supposed to truly taste like.
Brian and I both went with Redfish, he got the plate while I went for the alfredo pasta. Both weren't cheap, probably close to $20 per entrée, well worth it. We finished off the meal with caramel bread pudding, $8. It is pretty remarkable how much we managed to eat while we were here. I am very glad we topped our vacation off by visiting this restaurant.Constructed in 1788, the building was originally a coffee house. Andrew Jackson planned the Battle of New Orleans here. But they don't rest on those laurels; the food is quite good. The menu is pretty diverse, ranging from po boys to nicer entrees. I got the sampler, which consisted of jambalaya, red beans and rice, and gumbo. All three were great. I especially liked the zip of the gumbo. The inside looks fairly historic, but the TVs give it a bit of a sports bar feel. Like many New Orleans places, it opens onto the street and consequently has an open-air ambiance. Our service keeps me from five stars. It was fairly slow, and our waiter had trouble getting things right.Their new chef changed the menu which was a huge mistake. They've done away with the corned beef sandwich and the pasta dish with grilled chicken maque choux. I'll eat elsewhere now which is sad. It used to be a must do for me. Their saving grace is their amazing waitstaff.Very good food, great ambiance. Probably too costly, for me at least, without a groupon. Kind staff.My husband and I have tried over 20 restaurants in NOLA including Commander's Palace, Luke's, etc and Chris was by far the best server we've had! I really wanted grits and shrimp with a side of redeye gravy. Even tho it was not on the menu Chris was happy to talk to the chef for me and man, they were deliciously incredible! Even better than I hoped for!  Not only that, Chris was funny and very attentive! Pierre Maspero's will be our go to spot from now on,  not just for the great food, but for the amazing service from Chris!Good drinks but limited on frozen drinks.  Pricey and average food  though. I'd say it's more of a 2 or 3 star place.This place gets 5 stars because I left with absolutely no complaints.  Friendly service, from seating to serving.  Deliciously spicy Bloody Mary's and the biscuits and gravy was a great way to start off the day (and rescue me from the today before).They skimped on seafood in our gumbo & etouffee.  The food was not very flavorful and the service was bad.  They were out of several of the things I tried to order.We allowed ourselves to be hustled into this place, tempted by the evident charm of the building and interior. However, after waiting 35 minutes for even ice water to arrive while other tables were being served, we decided to leave. While our server was not interested in actually serving us, she did have the energy to follow us as we departed and demand we return to pay for food we had ordered. Fortunately, the manager was available, and while not particularly competent, did sort things out. Sadly, this place is one of those that is clearly designed to hustle tourists for money, and doesn't focus on actually delivering a quality NOLA experience - within a block, you'll find dozens of gems where service is delivered with charm and efficiency, and great food, drink and ambience to boot. Save yourself the trouble, avoid this place like the plague.My second trip to NOLA (for business, but a bit extended) gave way to trying out a few more restaurants than originally planned, which was both cool and a challenge in a place like New Orleans where EVERYTHING (literally, every possible food) is FRIED. 
Pierre Maspero's was one of our hotel concierge's recommendations and after walking around in the French Quarter for a bit with growling stomachs, my co-worker (friend) and I decided to finally stop and dine at Pierre's. 
The atmosphere is pretty chill, it is very touristy with a big bar (shocker) and semi-crammed tables in dim lighting (my friend had to take out her cellphone to use it as light in order to properly read the menu.) We had one WHACKY but albeit entertaining  waiter, Joshua (who wore eyeliner, described himself as a "self-proclaimed narcissist" and wanted my phone number by the end of our meal) who made some "local favorites" recommendations. We laughed, and we listened to him. 
I ordered the Crawfish Ettoufe, since I had told him that I didn't want anything really too fried, which seemed nearly impossible. I hadn't had effoufe ever before and was a bit skeptical but he assured me that I won't be disappointed. He recommended (for $5 extra, of course) to go ahead and get the FRIED crawfish tails on top. I sighed and obliged. (so much for nothing fried...)
Well, the dish came out and I sighed with relief to just see a couple of small fried crawfish tails on top of a slow-cooked, stew-like sauce over a bed of rice. IT WAS DELICIOUS! Super tasty and absolutely filling--but not in a bad, food-coma type of way, but of a HEARTY, yummy way. 
I'm not an expert on Creole/Cajun food by any means, but considering this wasn't a totally, all-out fried fest and for the price and taste, it was a very good dish, in my opinion, which I thoroughly enjoyed. 
My friend ordered the Crab cakes (over sauteed spinach, mushrooms and potatoes) - they looked and tasted AMAZING. (However, she did say that while they were delicious, they were a bit too oily.) 
Give it a try!Shrimp Po'boy and Pimm's Cup were a perfect combination. Shelley is a fantastic server!!!!Had a great dining experience! Katie was awesome. So friendly, great service and great recommendations. Crab cakes and red beans were outstanding. All in all a great night.I was pleasantly surprised with this place for lunch. We ordered the oyster platter (fat juicy oysters with a side salad), oyster po' boy, turkey club and gumbo. The club was gigantic and the gumbo was just ok. Great service and quick! Affordable compared to a lot of the similar places we have been in NOLA.Rustic and inviting atmosphere in the heart of the French Quarter.  Our table ordered fried green tomatoes, red beans and rice,  blackened shrimp salad, and caramel bread pudding.  The shrimp salad and tomatoes were tasty.  The red beans and rice was good for the first couple of bites, then lost it's appeal--not because it was bad, but because it was one note and rather bland.  
The bread pudding was highly recommended by the waiter; however, like the beans and rice, it was pretty bland.  What was fantastic was the waiter.  Joshua was interactive, entertaining, and attentive.  Thanks for being a stand-out on our trip to New Orleans.Not bad for lunch. Prices decent (they had a yelp deal for free app), quick service, very polite. They kept the drink refills coming. Food was so-so: chicken and waffles and gumbo were nice, jambalaya needed a lot of Tabasco to be palatable, and crawfish étouffée was bland. Big serving of bread pudding for dessert. A note, one of the folks I ate with said the men's room smelled like a swamp, so there's that.I felt the trio sampler with the jambalaya, crawfish egg touffee, and gumbo was just okay. I expected them to be good and just right in portion size but I was slightly surprised. If you want the touristy atmosphere and your hungry then go for it. The positive side to this place is the servers and especially the host. She was very helpful and friendly!Went here twice (breakfast and lunch) while staying in the French Quarter. We really enjoyed the Grand Galette for breakfast. Service was average.Had the Best meal ever in NOLA!! Ask for Shelly, our best waitress!  She will review the menu and direct you to the perfect experience!!Overall, we enjoyed our experience at this restaurant. The service was friendly and prompt and we enjoyed the historic aspect of this space. We had the spinach artichoke dip for an appetizer. It was delicious, although overpriced. It only came with about 5 baked bread pieces but our server brought us more without asking. I had the jambalaya with shrimp, which was basic but yummy and a very generous portion size. As a bonus, the beer was affordable as well!Solid food choice while visiting the French Quarter,  jambalaya, sandwiches, and plate lunches.This was my favorite place in New Orleans! The seafood pistolett, shrimp and grits, and crab cake maspero were outstanding! We will be back! Check in on yelp for a free appetizer!Excellent food, drinks, and service! Will definitely be back here. Strongly recommend the fried alligator and the Pasta Maque Shoux.Blackened Jambolaya was freaking awesome and you want to get Shely as your server she's a sweetheart. the pudding and cheesecake was fantasticWe came upon this place and decided to stop in for a night cap and a snack. First, the place is dirty. Old is one thing, dirty is another all together. We ordered cocktails and they were weak and watered down using flat soda as a mixer. We decided to try the Gator bites. Blah.they were so salty no one could finish even one, including our waiter, who kindly let us know that he won't eat there either. But as a good guy he took the Gator off our bill.The fried green tomatoes were the best. The red fish with added crawfish tails were yummy too. Not to mention the awesome Bloody Mary. Best service we have had since coming to Nola this week!First time to eat here. This place is at the corner of Chartres and St. Louis. Not fancy by any means but it has a good feel about the place.
The wait was not long, we were seated in a few minutes although almost every table was already full of diners.
One of us had the Crab Cake Maspero and I had Blackened Jambalaya with Chicken.
The Crab Cakes are served on a bed of sautéed spinach, heirloom tomato, mushrooms and onions, topped with a housemade sauce. This particular food meal was rated the best we had in New Orleans this time.
The Blackened Jambalaya was also very good. It has sausage and chicken with good cajun seasoning to bring out the best of the food.
I would say that we have missed this place in the past but will not in the future. Excellent food.Came for a bachelorette party and they were so accommodating for a group of 12.. food was great. Bloody Mary's were great. Mary and the staff were the most welcoming, friendliest, and aware people for tourists. Would come back just because of the amazing staff.Great food and service !!  Had dinner on our last night in New Orleans....Eric was the best waiter & the food was outstanding. Crab cakes....prime rib...and the most amazing spinach, tomato, and mushroom medley!! Yum!!!!!Absolutely terrible experience in every way. I will never return to this overpriced, low-quality tourist trap. There are so many good restaurants in this city, so do not bother with this one. I wish I could give it negative stars.I am compelled to write this as I gobble up my onion soup. It's so dang good!  The bar tenders are sweethearts and hard workers. They are super attentive & friendly. I wish I ordered dinner but I'm full. Lol  I'm super curious about the rest of the menu. I'll say this; I've been in New Orleans for 2.5 days and a lot of the food has been disappointing as it's very "touristy". But this place! Yum. I'm going to come back for brunch before I leave!This place is wonderful. We came here because we went to the Café Maspero's and we wanted to try this one. We were told that they had a different menu. To be honest. I wanted Shrimp & Grits.. To Start off we sat at the bar and was met by "YaYa" - She is amazing an amazing bartender and person. - Also Mo was there and she too is Amazing. They both are wonderful and great to talk to, easy to suggest both food and drinks.. by the end of the night we were the best of friends.  So back to the food and drinks.. - My fiance' and I had the Shrimp & Grits, the Fried Green tomatoes, and the French Onion Soup.. -Nothing disappointed.. - I had a Vodka Martini and he had a IPA and again both were wonderful - It was our last night in NOLO, or we would have came back. We were going to come for breakfast but time got the best of us in the morning. - Once we get back to NO, and we will, we will be going back there for sure. Hope the girls are still behind the bar. !Muffaletta was awesome.  Service was fast and friendly.  Highly recommended.Checked in a received a free appetizer :) that's the up side
Visited Mardi Gras night 2015 - 02.17.15
Restaurant was packed. We were placed on the waiting list. The hostess skipped our names on the list! She stated that she "thought" we were with the other Asian group...so she didn't even bother to call it out (roll eyes - REALLY?!? I'm a person of color too just like you...lighter than you but still colored...) 
They were out of my first three choices... But I guess it's understandable since its Fat Tuesday. I ended up having something the server recommend; crab cakes. I don't know if it was truly delicious because I was starving or if it was that good.My wife and I came to New Orleans for our honeymoon. This is by far our favorite place in the city. The bartender Samantha, and the rest of the staff were friendly, and the service was amazing. The food was fantastic and they have the best Bloody Mary in New Orleans. We ended up eating breakfast there each of our four days on vacation.Amazing food and service!! The bbq shrimp was great! I also got the Shrimp Pistolettes and they were heavenly!!! The bread pudding is absolutely delicious! Awesome restaurant!!After searching reviews for restaurants with good soup, I was really excited about going here. It was late night, around 9:30pm, 46 degrees outside, and this place was just around the corner from my hotel. We were one of 3 tables at the time. 
What was great: the French onion soup was rich and savory, the atmosphere was cozy, most of the staff were pleasant and helpful. 
What was not so great: our waiter. I believe his name was Brandon. He was obnoxious, took a long time (10 min) to take our order, never returned to check on us, and only came back to collect payment. I told him in the beginning I wanted to start with soup and then order something later, which I didn't get the chance to do because he didn't come back by. I had to ask another employee for our check, long after I finished eating and had been ready to go.
So while I probably would have loved the place, my experience with service alone was enough for me to dislike it.Good food, fun atmosphere and friendly service staff. The food's a little pricey for what it is.Really salty, over-breaded fried green tomatoes. Awful service, our waitress checked on us once. Had to wait for my check for over 30 minutes since my waitress was MIA. Won't come back.MMMMMM... I've been back since several times since my first review and must say everything below is true PLUS - they have the BEST catfish in the quarter.  I've eaten it several times and NEVER found a dark spot, strong or dirty taste.  it needs nothing.  but if you prefer cocktail sauce there's is a perfect balance of heat and sweet.  I will be back. again and again.
The chicken & Andouille gumbo is a perfect balance of smokey and spicey flavors.  No big chunks just lots of bight sized pieces of chicken and sausage.  one thing I really liked was that the chef took the time to make sure there wasn't any bits of bone or cartalege in the bowl.  I also ordered the roastbeaf poboy.  it was great too.  the roastbeaf is a slow cooked pot roast served on a French roll with pickles and a spicy sauce.  very nice.   and the price is reasonable.   the atmosphere was cool as well, located in one of the oldest buildings in the city apparently where Andrew Jackson planned for the defense - battle of New Orleans   I will definitely be back.Fun atmosphere excellent food. The biscuits and gravy are excellent. The crab cakes are dreamy and the egg potato And bacon dish is awesome! We will remember this place!!Really loved the crab cakes. Was great to try the alligator, but did not really like the vibe and the cocktails were way too sugary. We had a very enthusiastic waitress, though.Feels super touristy, like a cajun applebees. Maybe it's the matching t-shirts they make all the staff wear. 
Calamari was boiler plate, sauce came in a plactic cup. If I'm not eating in the airport, or at a cafeteria, I feel the establishment should spring for the metal or ceramic sauce ramakin. 
Entree came out with the rice undercooked twice ( sent it back the first time) and we're not talking just shy of al dente, we're talking about tooth cracking pellets that keep the dental industry in the cheddar.
With all the great places to eat in the 'Quarter and throughout town, there's absolutely no reason to spend money on inferior food. Which means, no reason to go to Maspero's.Excellent service.  Arrived at the door during busy breakfast hour and was seated immediately. Coffee delivered fast. Food is excellent. Visit as often as possible. Will be back when we return to New Orleans.Started our meal off with the fried alligator.  I am not adventurous, but I'll even admit that it was good.  I then had the shrimp and grits and my husband had the fried crawfish.  Both were delicious and I would definitely go back.  The wait staff was excellent, especially YaYa.Maspero's is the hidden gem you want to find in a place like New Orleans.  Though perhaps not off the beaten path, this 20-seat authentic hole-in-the-wall keeps a lower profile than some of its better-known contemporaries, it's food measures up.  Staples such as crab cakes, jambalaya , and shrimp and grits are served up to perfection (these are hands down the best crab cakes I've ever eaten).  Drinks are made with fresh ingredients.  Try the Pelican On the Rocks, a sort-of whiskey daiquiri.  Service is the perfect mix of fun and professional.  Shelley was knowledgeable about Maspero's offerings and helpful with suggestions.  She will take care of you with a smile and fun!!!Tab was higher than menu prices.
Food was okay. Service was not. 
They rang up dishes for more than the price on the menu, and then said the price we saw "must be from the old menu," even though all menus we saw had the same price, that also matched the website.
Some of the best cheese grits I've ever had, but hash browns tasted freezer burnt.Outstanding service and wonderful service. Great food! The server gave suggestions on traditional plates to try. She was friendly without being pushy.Service was good, but the food was luke warm...definitely disappointing for my last dinner in the city :(Our group of 4 was looking for a last minute brunch spot when we stumbled upon this restaurant. Saw good reviews on yelp so we walked in. We were so glad we did! All of the brunch entrees were amazing and reasonably priced. The waitresses were all accommodating and made us feel right at home. We even got a free appetizer from Yelp-- the fried green tomatoes. 
Great service, amazing food, and a great value. Definitely a gem in the heart of New Orleans!This place was incredible. Had dinner there, food was amazing, and the service made the whole meal for me. Shelly was great, prompt service, excellent recommendations and so friendly. I will definitely be back.Staying in the French Quarter provides unlimited dining options. If going to Pierre Maspero's, I might recommend choosing something other than the blue crab and creole tomato salad. It was a bit like tuna salad but less flavorful. However, DO try their French onion soup. Absolutely delicious. 
The history behind this place is also terrific. Not many places I dine were established in 1788!!I ended up in New Orleans two weekends in a row. Both Saturdays we ate at Maspero's. The first time, I had the seafood pistolettes which are delicious, then I had the BEST chicken and waffles I've ever had. I've had the dish at 5 restaurants and this was the best. This past Saturday we had the meat pies, which were spicy and had a good crust. I also got my favorite, the cochon de lait poboy. It had a little less meat that usual, but was still amazing. SHELLY was our server and she was super friendly and prompt. I always try to talk my friends into Maspero's when in New OrleansCame here by recommendation from my sister who has also visited the city. And she could not have made a better recommendation. Easily the best food I've had during my trip to New Orleans. Our waitress was extremely kind and was the definition of southern hospitality. She made some amazing recommendations that we decided to go with. We got the redfish Alfredo pasta and wow! I cannot recommend it enough. It was so buttery, creamy and full of flavor. She also recommended the pistolettes, which we also got and wow! She told us we were going to fight over them and we surely did. Jambalaya was amazing! And the bread pudding was to die for! 
Honestly considering going back one last time before my flight home. Love this place!Update: I ordered the shrimp & grits again and I was still very pleased with it. The chef was less heavy-handed on the spices so I would now recommend it for those who are spice sensitive.
My table got the seafood pistolles. They were creamy and the sauce had some heat. I would order them again. Though $10 seems a little high for only 2 rolls.
My friend and her daughter ordered the seafood potpie again. This time their sauce had a super strong wine taste. Last time it just tasted like gravy. It was a lot better the first time.
Finally the other diner with us ordered the muffaletta. The bread got soggy from the grease of the meat. The  sandwich was falling apart and didn't seem to be put together very evenly. She liked the taste but the construction was lacking. 
I'm still giving it 5 stars for the grits. I'd suggest avoiding what the rest of my table ordered.My husband had 2 eggs and sausage for breakfast and we couldn't believe how disgusting the sausage was. A restaurant like this should not be serving cafeteria like greasy sausages that come in a box. Very disappointing.I had the Seafood Stuffed Pistolettes.  I could have eaten this every day!  It was so good, I'm working on making it at home, but I need to try it a few more times before I get it right.  This will be my first lunch stop next time I'm in NOLA!!!Gluten Free review: server did not have a good understanding of gluten allergy but did ask the chef. Asked before seating and was told everything could be made gf. Not quite true. Ordered alligator app blackened and shrimp & grits. Grits were delicious. Would definitely recommend. Non gf husband said the seafood platter was good.We went to this restaurant on the recommendation of the Bell Captain at the hotel we were staying. It was as good as the majority of the reviewers said! this Fried Green Tomato Appetizer with shrimp remoulade was amazing! So is the "Woo Woo" martini beside it! The Staff was friendly & helpful. Service was quick. I didn't give it 5 stars because hubby wasn't thrilled with his Hot Brown sandwich   it deserves 4 1/2 stars.I recently went to New Orleans for the first time and I was excited for the opportunity to try Pierre Maspero's. Last Sunday on 9/17/17 I ordered the Seafood Pot Pie. It comes with a biscuit covered in a seafood sauce. I took my first bite and got a taste of blue cheese. Since the description did not say that there was blue cheese in the meal I began to examine my food. I discovered that my biscuit contained several moldy spots underneath the sauce. 
I waved down my waiter who was extremely apologetic and polite. I remained calm and declined to have my meal replaced. My waiter advised that he notified the manager of the situation and offered me a drink from the bar that I declined. The manager never once came over to address the issue despite me asking to speak to them. As disgusted as I was by the mold I was even more turned off by the lack of concern and courtesy the manager displayed. I commented to the waiter that I thought it was weird that the manager wouldn't come over and speak and he didn't really know what to say. I am thankful for his kindness and the service he provided but I will never set foot in this establishment again.Great atmosphere, food was good and our server Katie was excellent, really brought it all together especially since what she suggested we tried a couple of the items and she was spot on.Shrimp and Grits was amazing. The bread pudding was just as good, if not better than the entrée. The waitress was friendly and even gave us coffee for free. The hurricane was strong. It will creep up on you. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone.Went to lunch at this place with a friend. Got the fried green tomatoes, the sampler and the roast beef po boy. 
The setting was kind of depressing and our waiter looked like he was fed up with life. Obviously this effected the service which was poor at best.
The fried green tomatoes were not crispy and smothered with lots of sauce to hide the inadequacy of the dish. Luckily thanks to Yelp, it was free.
The po boy was terrible. It looked like slop from a pig pen was hastily thrown upon week old lettuce and tomato on the stale bread. The fries were soggy and only half cooked.
The jambalaya in the sampler was alright, the other two had little to no taste.
When expressing our disappointment about the po boy with only one bite in it, we received an indifferent remark from our depressed waiter. We were not asked if we wanted something else (I wouldn't have taken the chance with something else) or given a discount of any kind. 5 min and $30 later we left this fine establishment still hungry yet with no appetite. 
This place was our last stop on New Orleans and put a rather somber end to a good vacation. Thanks guys.Great little place!!! Great vibe / decor! Go to the bar - ask for AJ! Great bartender - knows her drinks! Makes a heck of a Bloody Mary!!!They should patent their Bloody Mary mix and sell it on the internet.  I love that it came with a cute pirate sword with a green bean, petitie white onion and and olive, tucked on the side of my drink.  It was so great and I could not taste the vodka, with a couple of these you will need a taxi to get  back to your hotel lol.  Anyhow, I ordered the Pork Po- Boy and it was not that great.  It actually looked like a pig hoof stuffed in between a french bread baquette, needless to say I wish I ordered the Muffalata but I still give this place 4 stars.  The fries are great and my hubby liked his gator Po Boy.  When I go back to NO, I will be back at Pierre Masperos!  YUM!The vibe in this place was on point! Very laid back and chill...so New Orleans! Our waitress Sasha (sp?) was at the top of her game! As a drink she recommended the Cajun King..I had 3! She recommend the alligator bites and I have to say I was a little reluctant...again good call. She also suggested the shrimp remoulade....another win!
I ordered the pork po-boy it was a little salty but good. My hubby ordered the red beans and rice also good but a little salty. The table next to us ordered the bread pudding which they said was the best they ever had.
We really enjoyed ourselves and would be back to try other things on the menu. Great staff, great vibe and good food. Worth a visitHad the blackened shrimp and gumbo I must have been starving, I scarfed it down like no tommorow! I would come back it's pricey but I'm on vacation so I don't mind as much, every one was nice and pleasant!Service was AMAZING! Ask for Colby & he will give you excellent service! The Crescent City Sampler is great if you want the best of all 3 worlds! The meat pies were probably the best meat pies I've had in a long time. If you want some real New Orleans ambiance paired with great food come right here!Ambiance of this place is awesome and historical. Great story about the history of this place on the menu. The shrimp and grits and Bloody Mary were awesome. Biscuits and gravy were good. Definitely recommend if you are in NO and want to walk a few blocks away from the main hotel are this is your spot.Such a great experience here. The food was amazing (two favorites from my group were the grits and seafood pot pie). Angel and Whitney were extremely helpful at the door and seated my last minute party of 8 so quickly. Colby was our server and he was perfect!! It was our last night in New Orleans and the best meal we had by far!My group decided to stop and eat here when we heard the 25% military discount (had some navy friends with us). Shelley, our server, was awesome. She was very attentive and fun. For appetizers, we had the Alligator Bites and Crab Cakes which were delicious! I had the Shrimp Po Boy which wasn't anything great and the bread was a bit too hard. My friend had the Crab Cakes Entree and loved it. Wouldn't stop telling us how ridiculously good it was. Made me really envy those Crab Cakes. 
Whatever you do, avoid the Purple Bull cocktail! Unless you like the taste of grape cough syrup...bleehhhh.
Had a good experience overall!This place was very good. We checked it out on a Saturday afternoon about 4 o'clock and had no wait. We had 4 adults and 2 kids and were seated immediately. The wait staff was very friendly and attentive to our needs. I ordered the chicken jambalaya, as did one of our friends. The other ordered the southern fried fish and Linds ordered chicken and waffles. The boys ordered Mac and cheese and chicken tenders from the kids menu. The food was brought promptly and tasted fantastic. While waiting for the food one of the kids passed out cold from walking the French quarters all day. They brought us a container to take it home. My jambalaya was very flavorful, with a mixture of chicken/sausage and topped with a blackened chicken breast. Only complaint was the chicken was a bit dried out. Everyone else loved their meals. I can't say enough about the wait staff and they earned a quality tip. 4 stars for fantastic service, great food, and reasonable prices. This place was spur of the moment but certainly not regretted!Second visit was even better than the first!  Angel got us great seats right away and Shelley's service was exceptional!  Highly recommend the Cucumber Cooler.Tried the fried crawfish with French bread and fries. Everything is so dry and basically tasteless. Perhaps the other dishes are better. The restroom looks scary.The Original Pierre Maspero's food is on par with better known restaurants within the French Quarter.  The atmosphere is casual, and the service is courteous and efficient.  Tables are close to each other and we could hear neighbors happy with their menu choices.  The Crab Cake Maspero, as an entree item, was better than any other crab cake I've ever had before; including those I've had in Maryland.This place is a must when in New Orleans!!! I had the ribeye with potatoe purée w/ cheese!!!  for dessert I had the house bread pudding !! The history of the place along with the add veiws will take you away!! I love my state and this beautiful city!!!Chicken and waffles is AMAZING. The waitress Shelly is awesome too, super nice and great waitressWe came here for breakfast and I ordered the biscuits and gravy which came with some pretty gross grits.  It was just ok.  But, the coffee was really good!  The service was good as well.  Maybe I ordered the wrong meal....Been to New Orleans several times over the decades and have eaten at many restaurants here. I'll start by saying we are foodies, but not starched white linen, bus boy filling your glass every time you take a sip of water foodies.  Not that there isn't a place for that, just not our style.  We just love good good, and let me tell you this place has AWESOME home-style food.  Great little place with home-spun N'awlins charm.  Sam was like a family member right from the start with great advice on menu selections and great insights into the food of her cultural heritage.  All four of us felt we had the best menu choice- red beans and rice with andouille and gator sausage, sampler platter, jambalaya and my choice, the incredible shrimp and grits which Sam suggested.  Absolutely delicious!  And reasonable prices for the Quarter to boot.My friends and I stumbled upon this place our first night in NOLA.  The menu looked appetizing and affordable, so we figured why not.
it's dark inside and it has a cozy, albeit, touristy, feeling, though it is a pretty good size.  Our server was great -- very friendly and attentive.  She was good with drink suggestions (which were very yummy).
I got the grilled chicken sandwich.  I know, I know, I'm in NOLA and I should try something new, but that only gets me in trouble with my taste buds.  I really am just very picky.  It's a curse.  Anyway, sandwich and fries were very good, but how bad can it be?  My friends got jambalaya, and catfish, which they very much enjoyed.  Another friend got the same as me (I'm not the only picky one!).
FYI, and this was the theme of the trip, the bathroom was horrendous.  I swear, the bathrooms just got worse and worse as the trip went on.  Just overall small and dirty with bugs everywhere.
Probably wouldn't hit it up again in back in town, but it was good for what it was.Very nice restaurant, great friendly service, and everyone loved their food. Fried alligator appetizer was good and free with Yelp app! I had red beans and rice and really enjoyed it. Someone else had jambalaya with shrimp and said it was amazing. My wife had chicken Alfredo and thought it was very good.Our party of 7 was seated quickly but not together.  We ordered the fried green tomatoes, crawfish étouffée, fried chicken and waffles, shrimp and grits, side salad.  The food and cocktails came out not too long after ordering.  I like my waffles crunchy on outside and soft and moist on inside.  The waffles ordered here came out soft like they were reheated in microwave.  The tabasco honey sauce for the waffles were very sweet and not enough heat.  I did enjoy the big shrimp on the fried green tomatoes and shrimp and grits.I've been here 4 times in a 5 day stay. Great cocktails. Mostly great waitresses. During busy time, it appears that service is not as great. I wish their masperos crawfish cream pasta had more of a kick. Best shrimp and grits in NOLA though! Overall great experience and location was perfect.Just ate breakfast here and it was delicious! We had Aric as our waiter and he provided the best service we have received in New Orleans thus far. Our breakfast was probably the best meal we've had also. My boyfriend had Louisiana  Lost bread. It tasted like grilled French toast. I had the Grand Gallette. The potatoes were seasoned perfectly and tasty. We had a side of the biscuit. It was huge and definitely home made. Very happy with this place!Enjoyed breakfast there this morning, great as usual.  Unfortunately they have taken Eggs Sardou off the menu.Great food great service lots of selection all quality and very good customer service very accommodating to allergic related issues and very comfortable to address these issuesGreat food. Ordered crab cakes as a free appetizer with the Shrimp and Grits for the entree. Really taste and quite a bargain price wise.I had the fried fish Po-Boy with french fries and it was DELICIOUS! great place!The food is absolutely great here from the shrimp and grits to the fried green tomatoes. The only bitch is my $11 river queen drink tasted more like cough syrup and they must Drench the place every night in a cleaner it's unpleasantly strong.We ended up at this place randomly...just walking by. The menu seemed appetizing so we walked in. 
The hostess was very warm and welcoming. She had a smile on her face pretty much the whole time we were there! Thumbs up!!!
Our server was Keisha. She was very polite and serviceable. So that made our visit very pleasant. 
My husband ordered a Cajun mojito and I have to say he really liked it! It was made with fresh strawberries which gave a much more refreshing summery taste!
The food was just what I wanted for a Sunday lunch! We started with the crab cakes which were a nice sized portion, full of crab meat, and delicious. The sauce and the side of Cole that accompanied the appetizer complimented it very nicely. It was a good start. 
As entrees we got the chicken salad and the sampler dish. My salad was very good! The greens and veggies were crispy and fresh! The pickled onions definitely gave it a very unique and ambrosial touch. The chicken was flavored and grilled to perfection. Made me so happy I could enjoy a healthy option at the restaurant that seemed to offer mostly high calorie food (not that's it's bad thing but sometimes you may need to lay off the deliciousness New Orleans has to offer). 
The platter was very enjoyable. The gumbo, jambalaya, and etouffe were seasoned very very very well! (Not too spicy and not too salty....just right!) 
The only thing that needs attention is the ladies room. It wasn't dirty, matter of fact it was very clean, but the faucet didn't work properly. It was hard to wash your hands because the water pressure was way way way too low. The bathroom may need an update. I don't know why but the bathrooms at any establishment are important to me I guess because I'm detail oriented. 
Another thing, being a local I concluded that for a downtown restaurant It wasn't too pricey. 
Overall it was a very satisfying and lovely experience!We were able to grab a table here easily in the middle of a Saints game, which was a huge plus as many places were crowded.  It was extremely cold inside though - definitely bring a sweater.
I believe all three of us had the shrimp po boys which were huge and good.  We definitely could have split two sandwiches between the three of us.  They had a good selection of local beers on tap.  The waitress was friendly, but the wait stand was right near our table and she kept hearing snippets of our conversation and then trying to chime in was odd.  She had good intentions though.
Nothing stood out about this place, but it was a decent place for lunch.First time in New Orleans.  Choose since close to hotel and for the cuisine. Oh, and had online coupon for free appetizer. Used that for the pistolettes which are incredible.  Service and meal was excellent. Will not disappoint.We stopped in here for a quick bite and we were not disappointed! 
The service was fine. The inside is quite nice- casual but quite charming. 
The food was delish! Bf was satisfied with his fried shrimp po boy; he was on the hunt for the perfect po boy so we tried a looot of these in NOLA but alas, we have yet to find the Holy Grail of po boys. I got the seafood pistolettes and I was so enamored with these that I was sad to have to stop eating them even though I was full after one, hah. They're very creamy, fattening and stuffed to the brim with crawfish. If you don't get the pistolettes from Maspero's on your trip to NOLA you're missing out!Outstanding as always! Service great! Food prefect!
We had a large group with kids and all items ordered we enjoyed by all! That is not easy with kids. 
Highlights - seafood pistollettes, excellent as always. 
- shrimp and grits, amazing
- shrimp & fish platter, excellent 
- crawfish étouffée was outstanding. 
- all the other foods were great. 
By the way locals get 15 % off!!!Strolled in here since Napoleon House across the street was closed. Pretty average food, big portions. The one highlight is the bloody mary, which (nearly) justifies its $10 price tag. Best bloody mary I've tasted.
Overall a decent restaurant but I certainly wouldn't suggest going out of your way to eat here. Pretty average place.We ate here Sunday, 11/10/09.  Our food was mediocre and cold.  Coffee took over 30 minutes to "brew".  Our waitress Crystal was very upbeat, but read us the riot act for trying to tip on a card instead of in cash.  We drank all our cash, that's why we came here!  (We tipped in cash anyway, naturally.)What a find, thank you Yelp. Arrive a few minutes before it opened and within 30 minutes of opening the place was full. Excellent service and food above what we expected. We had the andouille and eggs, fantastic. 
Don't miss this place on you visit, a must stop for breakfast.This place is definitely touristy but the food is good! The building is old so the AC leaked and the waiter cleaned it off with what seemed to be sponge mop which grossed me out a tad and the room is a bit tight hence only 4 stars. It's worth going to if you're on bourbon and looking for a good meal.Holy cow. So  glad we dropped on here. Take my advice, order the crab cakes. Your life will he changed. And if you are lucky enough to have Shelly as your server, enjoy the experience! I tried to recruit her to come work for me in Kentucky!We just stopped in for apps and drinks and they were very nice about it and didn't make us feel awkward that we were not eating a full meal.  We were going to go back for a full meal because what we had was excellent.  I had this bread with a seafood dipping sauce called stuffed pistolettes which was outstanding.  My brother had an excellent french onion soup.  I had a wonderful Pimm's Cup too.  I would definitely recommend.The service was friendly and the wait was reasonable even for New Year's Eve. I recommend the fried green tomatoes. FYI : the lady's restroom is rather uncivilized one stall no lock and very dirty with lots of paper towels and piss on the floor. For a place that charges 15-20 a plate the restrooms a like a truck stopThis place is a tourist spot. Lots of history but the food is a bit lacking. Staff is very friendly and the location convenient for a quick bite to eat.Stopped in for lunch based on reviews from Yelp and was not disappointed. Atmosphere maybe a 3 1/2, but food a 5. We ordered crab cakes, chicken & waffles, and a sampler entree-- all were great! Favorite was the chicken & waffles-- a classic that was definitely done right.