Great bar food, the Cuban is the sh@t.  Awesome Saturday bartender!!  All in all, a great experience.We visited at lunch time with our 17 year old son who insisted on the crocodile balls. Now I insist on the crocodile balls. I'm sure the bar scene is great, but back to that 17 year old son. We didn't get to visit in the evening. We did go back twice in two days though for more crocodile balls. Have I said that enough? CB from now on. Order them.Good sized small venue. Maybe hold about 500-700. Toilets are pretty rough so be careful what you have for dinner before a show. Bar was not overpriced and the drinks were generous.Didn't make it to the main venue, but had lunch at the Den while in town for a conference at the convention center. Good food, huge selection of beer, and the most awesome bartender in NOLA!Kinda a dive bar but could have been cool.  We found the girl bartender to be pretentious and rude.  All she seemed to care about is rushing through our order so she could go back and talk to her friends and giving smart ass answers every time you asked her a question.I had lunch here today. I ordered the fish tacos and it took about 30 minutes to get them. It was not very busy, I think the chef was cooking one item at a time. When I did get them there was not very much fish in the taco.  Too bad, cool vibe, but the service is lacking almost as much as the quality of food. I did like the fresh tortilla chips!Nicole is so hot right now and she mad an amazing shot called "The Bridget" which is named after me and it was so delicious and we loved everything.Perfect local experience. This is the kind of corner bar that everyone should wander into in every place she visits.Tried the howling wolf because it was close to our hotel and took a chance. The food was typical bar fare, with a Louisiana twist. I had the jambalaya and the gator balls. Wasn't super impressed with either. The jambalaya was cold and some bites had hard rice. The gator balls had a good favor but the texture was a little off putting. The beer selection was great and it seemed like a perfect place to come by and have a drink after a conference meeting. Just maybe not for food.Love this bar! Great food, drinks, and live music. Jess and Nicole rock it outvas bartenders. Great locals hangout.Seriously! Came here with tickets to see a show at 6, The bands are in 2 places! No signs and could have seen 2 for free in the street! Very misleading!!This review is solely for the bar and "restaurant" aspects of Howlin' Wolf.
We were very pleased with this place. We were staying at a hotel near the convention center, and we twice wanted food and a drink at 1 or 2 in the morning without the drunken bar scene. Surprisingly enough, Howlin' Wolf was able to supply us with this on a Thursday and a Saturday, as the music venue component seems to be offset from the open air kitchen and bar set up.
We easily got seats at the bar, and the bartender was friendly and fast with her service. The chef cooked up (well, fried up for the most part) our orders extremely quickly and soon enough we were munching on some unhealthy eats.
The fries were awesome. I've had them with cheese and then with cheese and bacon, and each time they were LOADED with the respective toppings. I was a big fan of the baconed version because they didn't use bacon bits or inappropriately sized slices of the meat. Instead, there was chopped up and shredded bits of greasy bacon permeating the entire dish. It seemed like the cheese and fries were also soaked in grease, but that might be a bit hopeful.
The fried pickles were also phenomenal. It was my first time partaking in such an interesting dish, so maybe I don't have the most refined fried pickles palette, but they were THE BOMB. Slather 'em in ranch and enjoy.
Finally, the beer list was impressive considering the dive-y nature of the place. Lots of Abita on tap, as well as other local/regional beers, and the bartender let me sample a few things before I made a decision. There's also a few bottles available.I went with my wife to check out the free comedy show. We had a great time. The show was very entertaining and we especially liked the host, Red Bean. Nice guy. Funny, too. We would definitely consider returning, whenever we go back to New Orleans.I first ate here, actually, several years ago while attending an American College of Physicians (ACP) conference while in med school and me and several friends were very impressed with the "hole-in-the-wallness" of this place and I'm pleased to see upon returning that it really hasn't changed that much.  Same location.  Doors opened so that the delicious smells from the kitchen can quickly grab your attention and draw you gingerly in to partake of all the goodness they have to offer.  
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and really, really, REALLY wanted the Jambalaya but they happened to be all out, so I had to settle for the fries instead.  They are known for their Bacon Cheddar Beignets, but I didn't get a chance to sample those.  I will tell you that everything I ate was so delicious.  They are close to Morial Conference Center and there is some on-the-street parking available.  You can even dine outside and enjoy the sites and sounds that this district of N'awlins has to offer.  
Thanks for a terrific late afternoon lunch.  Visiting this restaurant again brought back found memories of my med school days with classmates who are now lifelong friends and colleagues.  Bravo!We were so much looking forward to seeing the Rebirth Jazz Band. Sadly, the band did not start until 12:30 am. By this time, many people had gotten fed up and left. 
We arrived at 9 pm to get a few chairs. However the tables and chairs were taken. Standing room only. Which would be ok if the band started when advertised at 10 pm.  
The sound guy was a complete knob. When the band finally took stage, after just one song, they were frustrated because their receivers were not working. This lead to another 15-minute delay before they played again.
Ok so it is now nearly 1 am. The crowd is pissed and starts leaving. I felt bad for the band who commented that we were leaving. Seriously though, 1 am and 4 songs. This is total crap.Walking down the street lioking for a place to eat, saw an empty seat and had one of the better cubam sandwiches i have had in a while. Meaty, hot and almost too much to eat... the Irish Channel Stout was the icing on the cake for this  quick afternoon stop. I give a pass to the newer bartender, we all need to start somehwere. Worth the $20 bill I spent.Recently hosted a client reception here and I can't say enough good things about the management and staff! From start to finish, planning to execution, they were beyond helpful and friendly. Our guests had a great time and that team made my job so much easier!This is a spacious place for watching live music and other NOLA events (I also usually end up here for MOM's Halloween Ball most years).  The bar has developed a clever system of using number cards that you have to show when you run a tab as it can get very loud when music is playing so that makes it easier to get your order in.  I've always had great service and the crowd has always been interesting.  They have adequate bathroom faculties for men but I've seen some shorter lines form outside the women's before.  They are usually very good about stamping you and letting you go in and out as you please.  The have a "set" behind the stage that has several "houses" giving it the look of a New Orleans neighborhood so that gives it a unique NOLA spin.  As with many things in the area it can be challenging to find parking at times so plan accordingly.Great selection of beer,great food, great entertainment and awesome service! You have to stop by to see the most beautiful girls in NOLA Nicole and Julie. They will take real good care of ya.Walked a couple blocks looking for options to get away from the convention center cafeteria food. The area is a little scary and the outside of this place is a little run down but don't worry. Once you walk in, you'll find a nice little pub style place with indoor and outdoor seating, a great beer menu, full bar if you want and some great comfort food. Had the Cuban and it was awesome. Decent pricing too.   Took a while to make 2 sandwiches but the great beer made up for it.This place was gross. Stopped in for lunch last week. There was a swarm of black flies in the bathroom that I had to constantly blow away from my face. Then while we were waiting for our food, a mouse ran along the front of the bar. Needless to say we left as soon as we could.On any given night in NOLA, there is so much music going on that you may overlook checking what's on the schedule here but rest assured, this is a great venue and worthy of your time. It's easy to walk here from the FQ or CBD and there are quite a few bars/restaurants on the way so make an adventure of it. The sound is great and their staff are pretty cool.  Definitely have Howlin' Wolf on your radar when in NOLA.
Pro tip: they have an ATM but it doesn't always work so if you want to use cash, grab some before you get here.I visited the restaurant during a conference on a lunch break. The food was not good. It wasn't properly seasoned and tasted bland. The wait to order was short but I had to wait about 25 minutes for three chicken tacos. The meal came with tortilla chips which were very stale. The cooks wore no gloves and were constantly wiping their foreheads that were filled with sweat then touching the food. Gross! I'm giving this restaurant one star only because the decor was cute for a bar. It also seems like they have something going on every day of the week. The staff was friendly.  I wouldn't recommend this restaurant and definitely wouldn't bring children here.Came here Thanksgiving night to see Kermit Ruffins and Papa Grows Funk. Interior is nothing special, but just fine. It's a big open room with a very few tables and bar stools (if you want one, go EARLY), a bar at the back and a stage at the front. To me, this is fine, you're here for the music, not the atmosphere. I guess another few chairs would be nice, but I get that they're packing in the people for a concert, so no huge complaints here.
The music venue bar's beer prices were just fine, but the selection was on the lacking side. Sometimes you just want a step up from Miller Lite and PBR. What I did like, though, was that we were free to go back and forth between the music club and the little dive bar Howlin' Wolf owns next door, which had a fantastic beer selection. Lots on tap, even more bottles, and small bites served late into the night. There were some tables outside, which were fun for hanging at and watching people arrive for the concert. 
Each time bands switched or took a break, we headed over here, chatted with the other bar patrons, and then we headed back into the club when the music started up again. Kind of a nice setup. Plus, you get two distinct atmospheres for the price of one!
Side note: I wasn't as sketched out by the bathrooms as I expected to be after reading Christy L.'s review. No, they weren't the nicest, but they floors were clean and the doors on the stalls locked. I didn't think it was a huge deal.
I had fun here and would come back if there was another fun band playing.when calling to ask about calendar of events, girl on the phone was completely rude and unhelpful. she sounded drunk and came of lazy.... i now assume thats how all the employees will be and do not want to experience such people.Went with my nephew D stopped by because it was close to the hotel. Lucky us, they were having a comedy show in the back. We'll the show has about 7 comedians who were early in their comedy careers and not very funny. Although the bald guy with the hairy beard was knock down funny! We had a great time anyway, good selection of IPA beers.
Had food at the bar that was much better than expected. Service was adequate.Came to NOLA for a conference and stumbled in to the Howling Wolf. Friendly Staff (ask for Erica...she's the best) with an excellent selection of craft beers. This is definitely a place that I will visit again. The Howling Wolf has subdued lighting and an overall laid back jazy New Orleans feeling. A must visit.Great little bar and grill close to convention center. Limited seating. Limited A/C but you easily get acclimated to the natural outdoor feeling. Coach got adventurous and had the GATOR sausage. JoMo had the chicken philly and I had a homemade hamburger that looked like a true hand made seasoned patty. Slaw comes with each sandwich. HOT and SPICY with a vinegar kick. Would totally recommend this place. 
PROS: Great food. Great servers. Watch the cook make his magical dishes. Yum factor 8. 
CONS: Limited seating. Can be steamy because more of an open air establishment.This is a divey bar that is not very far at all from the convention center.  We went there to have a mid afternoon lunch, and the pulled pork sandwich was excellent.  Was quiet and so fairly fast service.  A small amount of outdoor seating.  Good beer choices.I've been to the Howlin' Wolf many times, in both the old location and the current one,  to see bands. The current location is bigger but lacks the second floor I liked in the old one, but it is a much better place to see a show.
Most recently I went there for the afterparty of a parade. Later that night Rebirth Brass Band was scheduled to play a free show, but until then we had the place. After marching in a parade in the rain the first thing I did was hit up the Den. The Den is Howlin' Wolf's little side bar/restaurant and serves some amazing cheese fries. Seriously, it's almost like a cheese gravy and man that hits the spot.
Inside it's spacious with a large bar along the back wall. Even though we had a couple hundred people we didn't really feel crowded during our party. The bartenders were quick with service and brought our drinks with a smile. 
Ultimately we left at the end of the party because there was a GIANT line at the door to see Rebirth and the place became jam packed. For those reviews that complain about waiting outside (to Rebirth in some reviews), what the hell did you expect? You tried to get into a free show for a hugely popular band. It's not like you had tickets ahead of time.The drinks are ok,, food is awful.  Two out of the three of us got sick after eating lunch.I'm from out of town and Jess was super friendly and welcoming, it really made me feel at home even though I pronounced everything wrong lmao she was helpful and knowledgeable with all local beers and recommended second line desire (Saison) it was delicious! I can't wait to go back and see what else she has to offer.Only reason I gave this place four stars was because of the cook , he was awesome but the bartender seemed like she didn't want to be here . The three little pigs was soooo good . Must have if ur hereThis review is for this place during the lunch hour.  The food was okay, but nothing special.  I got meat pies.  The staff was not that friendly, and not that organized.  I couldn't figure out where to order, and it took a long time just to place my lunch order.  She initially questioned why I wanted 3 meat pies crawfish and 2 beef, but eventually another staff person said it was okay.  However, it came out 5 crawfish.  We sat outside, and had to keep checking if our food was up, since we couldn't understand the cook barking out names of food that was ready.
A customer spilled his beer, and some of it splashed on my dress shoes and slacks.  No one helped me clean up (customers nor staff).  The customer didn't offer to buy me a drink either, which I think is the typical etiquette when you spill a drink on someone else.  I wouldn't have accepted, but it would have been nice to have been offered, and even nicer if he had insisted.I went in for their "Fest By Night" event during Jazz fest.  Tickets were sold out but I found a way to circumvent security (Don't ask).  
The place is huge.  I didn't get to check out the rear rooms but the main room was thumping with sound & bass.  I imagine that certain acts make the ground SHAKE in there.  I loved how they had a screen up showing live-tweets from people in the crowd.  That became hilarious, real fast.  
Things to know before you go: 
1) If tickets are available the night you want to go, order them ASAP!  The line to purchase tickets at the door was crazy and ran down the whole block.  Hence my 007 escapades.  
2) The bar gets crowded really fast so if you can have one agent in your unit secure one of the few-and-far-between tables (with accompanying stools, maybe), while the others grab a few bottles/cans of drinks.I've read some terrible reviews on this place, but my experience wasn't tooo too shabby. The show we saw was 18 and up so there were some reeeally annoying young'ns there getting wasted pushing people around. The bartender thought he was god's gift to the world for some reason which sucked but as far as venues for live music goes, their stage and sound really saved this place for me. The stage is actually quite cool, there are several house fronts lining the room with mock portches and things, and there are lots of pretty lights. And the sound was great, whoever was on the mixing board that night was on point. I'm sure experiences vary depending on who you see here because that effects the type of crowd that's pulled etc, but I wouldn't hesitate to go back if there was a band I liked playing. Tickets weren't overpriced either.
The den next door is a cool little joint that's connected to Howlin wolf and I found the bartenders here were much nicer and they even have some decent pub food.I have been to this bar on two different occasions, prior to cruises. It is located right next to port and my hotel, so this always ends up our last stop of the night before preparing to get on the cruise ship in the morning. It is definitely a dive bar, but it's just what you need if you aren't really trying to go for a big night out. They have hot fryers ready to give you some much needed sustenance, perhaps if you've already been partaking in a few alcoholic libations, and has a connecting room where there is often live music. They are open late night, have a limited, but still full, bar, and a good beer selection. It does not put on any heirs, and the bartender may not be nice to you, but who cares, it's a dive bar. Enjoy.I think we can all agree that one of the best things about going to any live local show in the NOLA is the crowd watching...crowds of people moving to the beat...or moving to the one in their head (what an you hear that I can't?!?).
But I digress...I'm reviewing the venue, not the crowd.
Huge space, ideally so we don't get packed in beyond movement like at Tip's (no offense), and the fans are on top speed so we don't pass out from the heat/sweat frenzy & the smoke isn't that noticeable.
The best part truly was the extra long bar with LOTS of bartenders!  It was so easy to get a drink...again, no offense to Tip's but it's darn near impossible to get a refreshment during a show.  So this was a big plus for me.
Bottom line, great for live music, any kind.  It could use a few more seating options but if you're there to dance & groove, who cares?!?
Go, enjoy, dance.This review is 5yrs in the making! I LOVE this place! The people! The food! The drinks! The music! This place is awesome!
Ok, ok, I've calmed down & now will actually provide details of this awesomeness lol it all started back in 2012, it was February & I was looking to get tipsy as I had just reported for temporary duty supporting the Deepwater Horizon oil spill response with the Coast Guard. The per diem was sufficient to get me where I wanted to go, but I wanted a chill night, so I took a patrons advice from one of the many other venues in the Warehouse District that I would be imbibing at during the course of the coming months. The staff I routinely had the pleasure of seeing was Brittany & Jenna & they were good at keeping my drinks cold & refreshed. Decent selection of beers on tap as well as a nice selection of the hard stuff. 
The food always took me by surprise, I liked how it was just this little grill of to the side of the entrance & not a major kitchen. There were so many nights where that little grill saved my morning from feeling miserable hahaha 
Is it the Hot 8 Brass Band that won a Grammy? I'm pretty sure that was their name, well they were performing a free show & boy was the music hoppin! The energy was great & the crowd was joyous! This was on the smaller stage off to the side of the bar, not at the larger venue next door, so it was a very intimate show. Although that reminds me about the free 25th anniversary show that the Reverend Horton Heat put on, also impressive how these old rockabilly dudes could still put on one heckuva performance! The rendition of Jezebel was just unbelievable, I left that night with a newfound love of rockabilly...
Lastly, my first night here, I remember shutting down the bar with the staff & heading to another spot to chill. Friendly people, made those 75 days on TDY fly right by! Writing this review just makes me want to visit NoLa real soon!Intimate space allows chance to get very cose to musicians.  That said The Den has a serious lack of seating.  The Hot 8 Brass Band were high spirited.  The fish and chicken tacos were very tasty on Taco Tuesday.  Drinks were very affordable.Great music venue! I absolutely loved it. I don't know how prices run b/c we were there for a booze included event that night.
The bar side is just okay to me. My roommate is a beer enthusiast, and he says they have a lot of great beer on tap. But I drink maybe a handful of beers, and none often enough to care. It's small, so for events it gets obnoxiously crowded and difficult to get to the bar.Some reviews here are for the Den, which is the side bar which also serves food. I'm reviewing the main venue.
I want to rate the Howlin' Wolf higher, as it has to get good marks for the usually high-quality acts they book. They do some great free shows during Mardi Gras, and they have a long tradition of live music, which draws well. That said, the acoustics in the room itself aren't great, and the sound engineers often struggle with it. Add on the fact that it's a pretty dirty place with worse bathrooms than a fraternity basement, and I can't go above 3 stars.We were greeted by friendly grill cook who welcomed us and our scooters, unlike the Diamond Grill.  The pork sandwich and the Cuban were both excellent. Full of flavor, lots of meat and served really fresh and hot. Thanks for the great yet simple meal.Wow, holy disappointed for my first (and last) trip to this place!  I was also standing for a really long time waiting for Rebirth Brass on Turkey Day.  We were in town for our first visit from ATL and finally gave up at 12:30am.  Wish I had read the earlier review of the same experience, and I probably wouldn't have wasted my money on this show.  Did you know they only have ~10 barstools in the building??
The opening act, Kermit Ruffins, can play really well...but how long can you listen to cover songs???  Another patron said it perfectly at 11:30, "I'm bored."
By the way, I told a friend the next day about this terrible experience.  Her response "that's exactly what happened to me for another show at the Howlin Wolf."  This might be how things work at this bar, but at least be upfront about it so people can decide if it's for them or not.Ce lieu est composé de deux parties; d'un coté une "vrai" grande salle de concerts (que je n'ai pas essayée) et de l'autre un bar avec un petite salle dans le fond.
Le bar est vraiment sympa, bonne sélection de bières locales et atmosphère très relax.
Mon conseil est de venir un dimanche pour y voir le Hot 8 Brass Band mettre une ambiance du feu de dieu! Groupe vraiment éclectique dans sa composition; en tant qu'européen, à voir leur dégaine, je les aurais plutôt imaginer faire du Hip Hop bien gras. Mais pas du tout, ces gars savent vraiment comment manier les cuivres et faire mover votre body. Le début du concert est annoncé à 22.00 mais ne commencera sans doute pas avec 22h30/23h, ici on prend son temps. 
Ils font aussi des tacos à petit prix mais je ne les ai pas gouté.Looking for something different? This is the place! With a comedy show and live music playing in the back rooms behind the bar this is a one stop entertainment shop! Fun music and a 90's punk vibe this is a place to stop in for stories and good times! Friendly patrons and staff, all around good time.Bought tickets to a show and now that Howling Wolf has my email, they have continued to barrage me with solicitation emails. I have unsubscribed numerous times to no avail - the spam keeps coming. I have flagged their emails as spam - and you guessed it, the spam keeps coming. I will never frequent an establishment that does not respect my unsubscribe requests. Note - if you buy tickets here, you will likely be forever be caught in a spam loop.I like the venue, low key bar and burger vibe with rustic atmosphere.  I came for lunch during a conference break.  Waited an hour for 2 tacos while the one cook took his time SLOWLY turning out orders. A second cook showed up at 2 pm, too little, too late.  The chicken tacos were OKWe stopped in for lunch while in town for a conference. It took well over an hour to get our food.  The staff was clearly overwhelmed and not very courteous.  To be fair, they were apologetic for the wait.  The food was adequate.  Loved the fried pickles.  If you want to give it a try, just ask how long it will take for the food to come out.Out here for work and this place is across the street. Stopped here a few times. Food is usual dive bar food. Some of the bartenders, Brooke, Jessica & one other that I didn't get her name were friendly. Ashley is a horrible bartender. Seems to be one of those who hate working in a bar but do it anyway. Acts like you're bothering her when you ask for a beer. If it wasn't for her I might have bumped this up a star. The place was pretty dirty. But That seems to be the norm around here. Walked into the bathroom to find a nice floater left for me in there. There are to many other options around here to bother with this place.This is a pretty okay venue all in all.  It's not my favorite, nor my most hated, so wouldn't you know it, it's "A-OK!"
I've seen quite a few musical artists here.  Can't really recount them all, but different genres of music, different types of crowds.  It's a large-ish space (but you know, not humongous).  It's never swelled to near capacity the times I've been here, so I've been comfortable standing and slightly swaying.  There's pretty much no seating (probably a few in the corners, don't remember) so wear your comfy shoes!
The acoustics aren't the greatest, but throw back a few drinks, you won't care anyway.  From what I recall the bartenders are rather efficient (especially compared to the ones at Tip's, ahem) and drinks are competent.  
I believe a couple of the times we were here, there were random vendors shilling jewelry and other such trinkets not associated with the musical acts - which is kind of neato.  
A good venue, for good music.Nice, small, and cozy place.  Decently priced food and drinks. Quick service.The pulled pork tacos are a necessity of life. You can cash me loading up on tacos and fried pickles late late late in the Den.Rude staff. Bad food. They put BBQ on everything. Even things that should not have BBQ on it. They also do not give a shit about what you order. Order a burger they may or may not give you a burger they might just give something random off the menu. Also the sign outside is a lie. They write whatever they want to get you in and when you ask about it they claim they did not know the sign said that. They have physically move the sign in every day and night. Yet somehow they never know what is on it.Great place for live music on a large and smaller scale. Unlike any other venue in the city. A great place to go for that true New Orleans feel.  Hot 8 Brass Band kills it on Sundays!  Fantastic beer selection, friendly bar staff. Love The Wolf!This is a huge space that, I learned today, is perfect for all kinds of events, beyond your traditional rock/hip-hop/brass band show. The New Orleans Brunch Experiment was here on Sunday afternoon. Rather than a crowd watching bands on the stage, they had booths in a semi-circle around the perimeter of the floor (serving delicious and elaborate brunchy concoctions), a voting box in the middle (where the sound board thing is), and they used the stage for a judges table, awards ceremony, and... that's about it. 
The only thing about having a daytime event here was that it was SO freaking dark inside. At first I thought it was just my eyes trying to adjust to the difference between a bright, sunny Spring afternoon and the black, windowless, lit-with-approximately-one-15-watt-lightbulb-in-a-corner interior of the Wolf. But alas, no. It wasn't just a difference in indoor/outdoor light causing temporary blindness. It really was way too dark in there. Oh well - over all, it really wasn't a big deal. 
I've seen all kinds of stuff at Howlin' Wolf, in addition to today's super fun event. All of the other "stuff" has been music related, including Jay Electronica, Soul Rebels, Benjy Davis Project, my ex-boyfriend's posse of hobbyist DJs who once threw a too-small-for-the-giant-venue party here, plus some other stuff that I'm forgetting (and at least one that I'm intentionally blocking out.) It's no Tipitina's, for sure, and much less classy/douch-ey than, say, Republic, but a solid event venue nonetheless. 
Bottom line: If someone amazing is playing at Howlin' Wolf, go. 
The bartenders aren't always overly solicitous, and I once sacrificed my ID and credit card to the bar gods, who I assume must have accepted the offering since I never saw either one of them again. As it turns out, no one answers the phone, nor responds to DMs or @replies to Howlin' Wolf on Twitter, and EVERY F*CKING TIME I tried to stop by to retrieve my forgotten ID and credit card, they were closed. Quite annoying. But it was a while ago, so I'm over it. Moral of the story: don't leave your shit here overnight, because you're liable to lose it permanently. Lessons learned the hard way... I no longer open tabs here. Or at any of the other bars I historically forget my card. But I digress. 
Yeah. Howlin' Wolf. Woo!Last year in September, I was invited to a concert at Howlin' Wolf on a first date.  The event was with someone I had known for some time but we never decided to take a leap into the dating realm together.  When I had first met her over a year ago, her body was of excellent conditioning and her attire absolutely flawless.  This time however, and forgive me to stating this so forwardly, she had let herself fall into a state of despair without relief that rivaled the Ninth Ward during Hurricane Katrina.  What the hell happened?!  She looked like a fullback for the Green Bay Packers squeezed into a tiny pair of pumps!  Her hair was frizzy and wild like she'd been jabbing hot electrical outlets with a fork and was wearing an extremely tight floral dress that accentuated her new girth and wrapped her up like an ancient Egyptian mummy.  There wasn't enough bourbon in Kentucky that was going to minimize that eyesore but I made the best of it and accompanied her to the event.
Since the venue had not yet opened to the public and a large line had formed outside, we grabbed a drink at the nearby bar.  Now, I am definitely someone who can hold their alcohol but this warrior of a woman was something else altogether.  I think she cut through her drink in about three swigs.  I sat on my barstool watching her guzzle booze in amazement like a child at a circus watching death-defying acts, thinking to myself "it's not possible!  No way!  The human body cannot do that!"  The way she was knocking them back, it was like throwing drinks down a well!  Thank the good Lord that shortly after we sat down, the venue opened their doors and we were allowed inside.
As we entered, my date grabbed my hand and made a mad dash to the bar for more drinks.  While she was pulling me along, I felt my hand within hers and it was horrifying, to say the least.  It felt like I was holding a large ham.  I don't mind public displays of affection but when a girl feels like she's got the strength to kill an angry lion with her bare hands, it's a bit abrasive on one's nerves.  Drink after drink she continued to pave her way through, leaving nothing behind, not even the ice, which she continued to chew so loudly, her face sounded like a rock polisher.  I was excited once the music began so that my attention could be turned toward something else instead of my Viking date.  Seriously, I was surprised she wasn't drinking out of a horn!
I wish I could say that the musician was good but alas, the performance fell faster than Herman Cain's bid for the presidency.  To top it off, I found myself surrounded within a haze of bong smoke.  I kid you not, some young college students had brought an actual bong to the concert and were passing it through the crowd like a pizza at a Super Bowl party.  Struggling to watch the hippy on stage moan and howl about how the world lacks tree huggers and drum circles, my date decided to make her move.  I suddenly felt her arm snaking around my upper back.  At first, I said nothing and remained motionless, which is the correct procedure when one encounters a dangerous creature.  She proceeded to move her hand down towards my lower back and attempted to move inside my shirt.  I immediately began ducking and dodging like a prize fighter but eventually, she caught me, flung her arms around the back of my head and hung onto my neck.  Trying to support her while staying upright made me feel like I was competing in a World's Strongest Man competition.  I had to come up with an excuse to escape.  I explained to her that I needed to use the restroom and I shot away from the scene as if I had been ejected from a cannon.
Inside the venue's bathroom was a grisly scene!   There were drunk college students stumbling to and fro; one guy apparently passed out while standing against a urinal.  I made a dash for an empty stall and once inside, realized quickly why it was empty.  The toilet bowl was filled to the brim with feces, which seeped over the edges like French onion soup.  Also, the stall's door had no working lock and appeared as if someone had chewed it off from the inside.  Apparently, the water board had turned off the city's water supply earlier in the evening for fear of contamination from a previous event, which caused none of the venue's toilets to flush.  I struggled to relieve myself as drunks continually stumbled into the door behind me, which I held steadfastly closed with my one free hand.  Toilets had overflowed to my left and right which caused me to dance in place like Fred Astaire to avoid ruining my shoes.  
When I finally exited the bathroom, my date grabbed me again, pulled me close to her and proceeded to attempt reaching into the front of my pants to throttle me, as if she were a Formula 1 racer, rapidly working her stick shift through the gearbox!  
It was one of the worst venues I had ever attended and quite possibly the worst date I have ever experienced.Cool spot for local events. Drink prices are fairly cheap and even cheaper if you stick to wells. Food in the Den on the backside of it is average. Den is pretty small but the main area is huge but fills up very fast for all events.Good beer selection, with a descent amount of drafts and more available in bottles or cans. This is your stereotypical hole-in-the-wall, being small, hot and dark. Disappointed there wasn't any music the night I was here.The Howlin Wolf is a cool venue to see a show. Plus there is a separate bar called The Den for food and drinks.
I had been to this venue before it was the Howling Wolf (Praline connection maybe?). Like many things in New Orleans, time has not changed it much, if at all.
The venue is a large open room with a bar along the back wall. The stage is large and has two New Orleans type porches on the side. While they don't do much for a concert, they would probably add ambiance to a private event.
The staff were friendly and regardless of where we were, we had a good view of the stage. The bathrooms were pretty nasty, but they were acceptable.
The Den is a great place to get drinks or food prior to a show. While I didn't have food, I've been told it is very good. Drink prices were reasonable and their beer selection was better than other venues I've been to.
I like this venue and look forward to attending more events here.Me and my 2 friends went to see Jacquees, show suppose to start 10 pm. I left at 130 am and he never showed. There was an awful DJ playing.Great place to see a show! Excellent sound system, nice stage, and a decent alcohol selection. Just wished they had a better bourbon selection:). They get excellent acts and it's a big enough room so that you can walk around and not get too claustrophobic:)The free comedy shows on Tuesdays and Thursdays are a must-see for anyone in New Orleans over the summer! And the kitchen is open late with delivery so it's perfect for anyone staying downtown!Not prepared for the lunch crowd. Very long wait with only one cook (with a bad attitude). Food is just okay. Limited menu.
Don't come unless you have 45 min to wait for a sandwich.
They need to clean the dust of the ceilings as well.
This place is a sh!t show!This review covers the Den, not the main music venue. Decent little hole in the wall. Nearly all taps dedicated to local craft beers. Small but tasty menu. The jambalaya was excellent. Only ding I have is that on both visits the kitchen was out of certain items.I'm torn about the Howling Wolf...I remember it's origins out in Metairie and it's open mike nights. (WOOO Fat City!) And then it's second incarnation in the warehouse district. And now it's current location (which is really like 3 businesses in one), so I guess I feel it's a bit more fractured then it used to be.
There's the bar (ooh just checked the website... officially this is the Den) that serves food and is a great place to chill. There's the backroom where I've seen comedy and gone to random events. And there's the large music hall. 
I do really enjoy the bar and if I lived nearby, this might be my hangout. They serve food (always a plus) but the menu is pretty meaty. They do sell Mrs. Wheat's meat pies but only the crawfish and beef ones. The atmosphere is right and the drinks are well poured.
The backroom is intimate and mostly just a big empty space so that's cool. I seem to remember an anti room too. Clearly I was paying lots of attention when I went to my friend's comedy show here. 
Finally the big room...it's really big and the acoustics are pretty decent. There are some odd bits of decorations around the sidelines which are used when it's rented out as an event space I think. But they just add to the general chargm.Good bar food! Not pricey. They have a good selection of beer and a ton of local beer. Laid back atmosphere.The venue is fairly big and pretty cool. The drink prices randomly increase through out the night though. I'm pretty sure their Crown Royal isn't Crown Royal. Everyone was friendly otherwise, and the bar tenders knew what I wanted after a few trips to the bar.I love the Howlin Wolf.  They put on fantastic shows from Burlesque to brass bands and everything in between.  It's a great atmosphere and always a good time.  The staff is always nice and friendly and I always end up having a good time here.
The Howlin Wolf den is also located right next to the main Howlin Wolf.  In this dimly lit bar, you can get a drink before you check out your favorite show, you can order food, or you can even see one of the shows that play regularly in the back of the den.
The last time I was at the Den, I had a cuban sandwich with fried pickles.  It was so good!  Way better than your average bar food.
My recommendation would be to check this place out for the "must see" events that they have here, get some food at the den and have a good time.We usually went to the Den for the Open Mic on Tuesday.  I enjoyed the show a lot.  I usually order few drinks when I am there as well.  However, the bartender is a little too distanced and sometimes, seems rude.  It's almost like you are bothering her all the time by simply ordering drinks.  I get why she is like that because it's a pretty tough crowds there.  But I think I will just go drink somewhere else next time after going to the show....How to review such an iconic establishment? I've been to events here on two recent occasions: a burlesque show and a concert.
The nitty gritty:
-good sightlines
-good sound
-kick ass, fast and efficient bartenders (I've been to enough venues where they can't manage the crowds, or maybe they choose to be slow because the crowd is so anonymous to them).
-part of me wants to just live in those little houses that flock either side of the stage.
If you're "hungry like the wolf" (sorry, I had to go there), pop in next door for what smelled like good, greasy bar food (I did not indulge). It's also a good spot for a breather, as there are seats. The main venue doesn't have as much as a banquet. 
Side note: Doesn't "Howlin' Wolf" sound like something out of the gay animal kingdom?I've seen a couple shows at the Howlin Wolf and I'm not sure why exactly, but this place doesn't really do it for me.  
Yeah, drinks are expensive, but who cares... its a venue not a bar.
I just wish the space felt more like a show and less like a shed, or at least a cool shed, with cool places to sit and chill...This a hard one,great food had  jambalaya was great,friends had pulled pork and they loved it,ordered fried pickles they forgot them,took 15.min to get them ready,
So food was 4 stars.
Now the service they get 1 star,2 people working 1 cooking the other bartending and taking orders,both persons were not  nice,saw 2 parties of 4  ask the the guyba question and he said read the sign and not in i nice way,
Both parties walked out,not sure if i will come back,sad this place has potential.solid new orleans venue, always has something fun going on, great food, great beer selectionWent there during a convention. The line was outside the door. When I finally placed my order after waiting 20 minute had to wait an additional 45 minutes for my food to be ready.
The food was nothing to brag about, service was poor, atmosphere non-existent. The place is so filthy that I had pick up a soft drink elsewhere to cleanse my palette.
Never again!!The drinks here are decent.  They host a great open mic comedy show on Thursday nights. Mostly local amateur comedians... some of which are pretty funny.I was more than a little wary considering the look of the place, but don't let that deter you. 
We got back to our hotel close to midnight and I volunteered to walk over and get takeout rather than wait forever to get a pizza delivered. 
The cook and the bartender were initially indifferent to my presence, surprising since it wasn't that busy, but they turned out to be friendly. 
I ordered a Cuban, a pulled pork, and blackened fish tacos, the cook fired up the grill and it was all ready by the time I finished a beer. 
Everything was legitimately good, not just 'bar food' good.Stopped in for an Hurricane and Andy Gator Abita. We figured "when in Rome" we'd keep splurging on Hurricanes during our Mardi Gras trip when we could get them. Unfortunately, every joint served that cruddy Pat O'brien sugary mix punch. Not my girl at Howlin' Wolf, she mixed me Rum and several liqueurs with Pineapple, OJ and lime and it was smashing. They were busy, but she demanded I drink a real hurricane. It was for my wife, but I played along.  Then as we sat outside one of the Krewes was unloading from their staging area down St. Peters, and heading toward their start line. It was cool to see them before they even got started with the madness. Didn't get to see any music here, but some of our neighbors on the patio were raving about the brass bands, jazz and rock bands that would play the Wolf. We're excited to get back if we're ever around the Harrah's/Warehouse District area.Food was good, Gator balls were tender and amazing.  Little disappointed in the performance venue though. We were there 2 hours before the show started, quite literally the first ones there. Dozens of people went into the back room though they were told repeatedly not to. Ticket taker finally gave in and let about 20 people stay in. Several people still shoved their way in ahead of us and so we were at the back of the room. Not sure what, or if there is a fire capacity but the room was way too crowded. People spilled drinks all over the place, and the people around them. We left when the band took a break and noticed several other people doing the same as well. Not very organized.Good tap list... Local brew options. Had a pulled pork sandwich and the roll was very good. Cool divey spot. Would get a beer at night here for sure.The Den.  Cool spot, large selection of tasty beers on tap. Like others have said, the only downfall would be the unfriendly service from the lady behind the bar.  The cook and other bartender were good.Awesome burger. You won't leave hungry. Atmosphere is fun and staff are friendly. Nice neighborhood place.Fun spot to hang out. Didn't have music the night I was there, but seemed like a good funky venue.One poor guy trying to cook for a bar of 10 folks during the lunch hour ... took forever.  Fish tacos were just so, so.  I was expecting much better food and a shorter wait time.  Waitress was friendly and trying to keep everyone talking and happy.So all we did was run in and gave a quick drink. The place was empty but I can tell it was about to get crazy. Looks like this is a fun place and I can't wait to cone back and check it out first hand. 
By the way this is a great place if you are stating near the cruise ship terminal.This place is the perfect place to catch a great show in an intimate atmosphere. "The Den" is the perfect summer venue. Also the drinks are off the chain.Great little corner bar/restaurant! Thanks to other great reviews I found it! Had the Cuban sandwich...awesome! If it wasn't so big, I'd order another one!! Friendly staff, too!waited one and half hours for my order and have never got it. People coming much later than me got their order earlier. Asked the guy who sticked that I am someone he called earlier, which is not me. Have to cancel my order after one and half hour waiting. Bad experience.This establishment had the advantage of being mere blocks from our hotel, so we thought it would be a great place to end our evening. We arrived and found a table outside, which two of us held while the other two went to check out the situation. I was in the second pair.
Inside, it's as divey as you'd expect: sticky floors, crumbling brick / plaster walls and a lot of very drunk people. It looked like they offered a good selection of microbrews, plus a handful of deep-fried menu items (menus had been corrected with Sharpie pens to bump up the prices: classy!) I ventured toward the back where a band called, I believe, Smashed Tulips was playing. I definitely would have smashed a few tulips to make them stop, but I wasn't about to pay $8 for the privilege of hearing the carnage up close. Instead, I headed for the restroom.
Here's where it gets really weird. There were two girls in the single-stall ladies' room. Standing by the sink. Using their cell phones. No one was attempting to use the room for its intended purpose. I decided to give them a minute, and while I delayed, a third girl entered the room, got her phone out, gave me a glance and then -- shut the door. Excuse me?! Amazed, I looked  around, but no one else had witnessed this insanity. The only employees were checking ID's and serving beer. I had no choice but to wait until the girls had finished whatever-it-was-they-were-doing (I honestly don't want to know) and deigned to allow me access. The restroom was filthy, of course, and in retrospect I should have just headed back to the hotel, but I was trying to be a good sport.
After that experience I wasn't feeling the dive-bar vibe any longer, so I waited until everyone else had finished their drinks and then strongly suggested we leave. For the rest of our vacation it became a joke every time we passed HW -- "Hey, Emily, want to stop here for a beer?" 
No, not really. Never, in fact.Went here for the news years eve show and party. It was $80 for the show and open bar. The bar opened at 10 and we waited in line till about 10:30 before getting in. The "feature" Hot 8 brass band started playing at about 10:45 and played till the countdown of the new year. They were very mediocre. After midnight it took almost 30 minutes to set up the main event - the rebirth brass band. They played amazingly and made going worth it! If it had only been the rebirth brass band then I would have rated this with 5 starts. It annoyed me that the opening band played longer than the band everyone actually came to see! They should set up the rebirth broads band at 11:30 so they would start playing to ring in the new year and not kept everyone waiting around after the new year started.There's a few choice things you overhear, that you have to remember from that one night you went out to that one place. At Howlin' Wolf, someone graced my unexpecting ears with the declaration that "I shit out of my mouth when I fuck myself in the ass". Um... OK.
That aside, I would heartily recommend the Howlin' Wolf venue any time your favorite band is coming through. The staff is friendly and responsive, the space is large and warehouse-like. The beer, however, is rather overpriced at five or six dollars a bottle for Abita, so if you're planning on drinking, you may want to have a few extra dollars on hand. On the other hand, the night I was there, admission was gratis, so I suppose I probably came out ahead.It is exactly what it looks like. A cool divery neighborhood bar with a hip staff, very nice looking ladies that work there, good drinks and good bar food. It's a good place to hit late at night!**This review focuses mostly on the Hot 8 Brass Band, but the Howlin' Wolf played an integral part in making the concert I attended an all-around great experience.** 
In the muggy back room of this crowded club exists the New Orleans I only imagined in my dreams. A mix of ethnicities like none I'd ever seen swayed rhythmically to the funky, jazz, soul and hip hop infused melodies of the Hot 8 Brass Band. This was just the kind of musical experience I had hoped for when coming to NoLa and boy did they deliver. The heat in this air-conditioned brick coffin was high due to the wonderful synergy between the band and the capacity crowd. I would step outside occasionally for a stiff cocktail at the bar before returning for another set. 
This is one of those experiences you have to have for yourself. If you live in New Orleans, I shame you to see these guys perform in this venue immediately!OH MY LANTA. The bacon cheddar beignets have totally satisfied my Wednesday munchies. 10/10 on yelp #baconI wish I could give less than 1 star.  Its a seemingly great venue with horrible management, inconsistent bar prices and shady policies.  The same drink can go from $5 to $7 within minutes. Be careful about giving them your credit card because they may run it for any amount they decide on before you authorize it. But other than that, it can be a good place to see a show. Just don't plan your event there because they don't make it a pleasant process.  And the bathrooms are pretty nasty.They have a great selection of local beer at reasonable prices. I had their pork sandwich and tried my friend's brisket sandwich- both were good. I wish I could have seen a show here.Paid $15 cover for Rebirth Brass Band for a 10pm show.  After midnight and still haven't come on.  Cool venue but advertise times better...can really kill an entire nightWe had a drink here right after we landed at midnight. Had the crawfish pie (which were actually 5 or so small turnovers) and the blackened fish sandwich. This comes with cole slaw, but all I received was a tiny plastic cup of vinegary cabbage and onion. Lame. Overpriced at $9. They have a great beer selection.The next time you are in Nola, get out of the French quarter and get over to the cbd and stop in the howling wolf!
The food is excellent, all of it! It's fresh and excellent.
Great music in the den and without doubt two of the finest bartenders in the city!
Miss Nicole and miss Julie and not the nicest people you'll ever meet they will remember your name and what you like to drink after only a few stops!
They have over 15 local drafts, they are cold and always fresh! 
So walk up south peters, stop in the den any day of the week, have some drafts and some great food
Meet some good friends, and say hello Nicole and Julie!This was probably the best experience in New Orleans. The food is awesome but the character and personality of the staff is amazing. Shout out to bartenders Julie and Madison who keep everyone happy - they are the best! You won't be disappointed. We will definitely be backI come to NO every so often for shows at the convention center. Howlin' Wolf is a great little place to stop and get a beer after a long day at the center. 20+ taps and outdoor seating. Nothing super special but nice people and laid back atmosphere. Beer is always coldThis may a little bias review...I went here purely for the music.  Although this place is a nice small venue and has some great acts...the service is nothing to write home about.
We arrived quite early for the beginning of the show, and already, the four tables were full and taken.  There is ample space to stand and watch the show, but be prepared...it's mostly standing room only.  The bar tenders are quick but nothing more than that.  Not too friendly.  The prices are okay, about $4 per beer...not too shabby for a music venue. 
Next door is the Den...where the food is!  I would not recommend counting on this place to get some good food quick...not at all.  We made a stop here after the show and waited over 30 minutes for a hot dog and French fries.  They ran out of a lot of the other things that were on the menu, and no one was very apologetic about it.  I mean, who thinks they would need to stock up on food and staff during a Dr. John show???
This place is a good venue to check out the music, but nothing more.  The service and food are so-so.  There is nearby street parking and cabs are lined up outside all the time.We went there for a free comedy show and they were actually funny. Afterwards we enjoyed the $2 margaritas. A great whole in the wall.We are visiting NOLA from out of town and I called my friend who lives and plays the trumpet here for a good recommendation for Friday night entertainment. He assured me the Hot 8 Brass Band anniversary celebration at the Howlin' Wolf was the best show in town that night.  We checked the website for the time...10pm. Got there and it was empty but the man collecting the $12 cover at the door assured me they would take the stage by 10:30. After two hours of sitting in a bar with no action other than a sound guy cranking up the juvi rap station way too loud for an empty bar and seeing no instruments besides the glass pipe the group huddled by the stage were smoking we decided to leave. When we were leaving there were other irate patrons (who hadn't waited as long as us) asking for their money back and they were smugly informed by the same doorman who assured me the show would start at 10:30 that "hey, it's musicians, they'll play when they're ready.". 
So I don't care if it's the band or the bar but I can guarantee that I will not be foolish enough to give either one of them another dime of my money.Great Place to listen to music... it's small-ish... and the sound / acoustics are really good.  (About a 15 minute walk from Royal/Canal area.)
Enjoyed listening to the Treme Band and the Rebirth Brass Band.... Wow!  These guys were FANTASTIC.
What I didn't like was that there was NO WHERE TO SIT.  
And after standing most of the day and walking from the Quarter to HW... I wanted to sit and enjoy a few drinks and listen to music... this isn't that kind of place. 
Now... I'm not sure if they usually have tables and they took them out to get more people in to see the bands or what....
I was tired when we got there... so by the end of the night my dogs were totally barking and my knees and back also hurt from all the standing.Ate here for every lunch while we were at the conference. Nothing tasted bad, but the gator balls and cheddar bacon Bengiets were particularly amazing! Great prices too.The venue is large and simple but it works.  The acoustics are great and it is easy to get a drink even when it was overflowing.  I was here for Mardis Gras and saw the spectacular band Rebirth.  It was free which is also hard to beat.  I'd go back in a heartbeat.Really a 3.5, I have a thing for low-key, cozy, cramp bars with good beer selections and basic, good tasting bar food. However, the venue felt dirty and there wasn't a place where we could eat our gator balls without someone asking us to move out of the way every minute. The wait time was long for bar food but the gator bites were tasty and soft with the ranch sauce. 
There is a large selection of beers. There is also a back room, perfect for music and an audience. I wished we stayed a bit longer but there was no room to physically fit in but that's understandable because it was NYE.In town for a conference and found this place was a short walk away. 
Good food, waitress was great! Unfortunately, I was there for 1.5 hours between waiting in line to order and then waiting for my food. Just something to keep in mind before you go. Don't go if you are in a rush and there's a conference in town!Live music every night, spectacular beer selection, and even the bar food hit the spot (try the BBQ shrimp po-boy). Obviously they have the larger place on Diamond Street for the larger music venues, but for any old night of the week this place is a little tast of Frenchman Street. It's only worth less one star because for such a local pub spot, I think its $10+ music cover is too expensive.We got a chance to see Rebirth perform here during New Orleans Jazz Week. The venue is incredibly simple. They have a stage and a large floor space for the crowd. The beers were pretty cheap and served quickly. The acoustics are not the best, but Rebirth still put on a great show.I've been to Howlin' Wolf twice during Jazz Fest to see post-Jazz Fest shows.  Both times it has been a great venue to see live music.  
New Orleans is a city that likes to keep the party going late, and this venue certainly follows that idea.  They usually keep the show going into the wee hours of the morning, which sometimes makes it difficult to see the whole show.  In Houston, everything shuts down at 2 AM, so it's not really something I'm used to.  If you are planning on seeing a show, make sure to sleep in or take a nap!.
Overall, it is a great venue with room to dance to the bands.  There aren't really any seating options, but the music is usually too good to sit down anyway!  
I didn't drink anything other than beer, but for a music venue, $4 a beer isn't bad!  Ticket prices aren't bad.  I think we paid around $35 to see Zigaboo Modeliste's Drummers Commeth last year and about $45 to see him with George Porter Jr. and Dr. John this year.  I'd come here again, as it is totally worth it to see the bands they bring in.I've been here a few times... usually to show my love and support to my friends in bands.
I like the fact that there's a lot of space. It's hard to get bumped and knocked around here. I HATE being bumped into... so if I want a "take-it-easy" night out with music, this is a cool place.The howlin wolf is a Nola staple. With fantastic bar food and delicious drinks you can't go wrong with a night out at this place definitely has a dive bar feel but everybody takes excellent care of you. Don't forget to try the biegnets!!!!If you are looking for good food, cheap, this is the place. Funky and fun, but definitely not fancy!  Local beer on tap, infused vodka,  local bands. A little bit divey, but great food.Stopped in for lunch while in NOLA for a trade show.  Great Cuban sandwich!  Would highly recommend it.  Bread was incredible.Had a WONDERFUL time at the Pussyfooter Blush Ball. Seems like a good venue for a regular music night as well. Great stage and nice dance area. LOVED the 610 Stompers!I didn't even make it to the back room to see any performances. I was staying across the street and headed over to the Howlin' Wolf  for a beer. Found myself surrounded by friendly bartenders and cold Abita Amber. Ask them to make you a veggie & brisket sandwich. It's not on the menu, but it's fabulous. If you're in the Convention Center area and need a drink (or a delicious meal!), stop by.Great selection of local beers and friendly, low-key atmosphere which totally hit the spot as we were deciding where to go to dinner later in the eveningThis review is specifically for the little food counter that's almost a separate business, called 'The Den' at the howlin' wolf. 
The good: 
* It was the only thing open 'late' (past 9pm on a Saturday) 
* Outdoor seating was nice because the inside was very stuffy and smelled exactly like an old, wet bar rag
* Food was pretty reasonably priced
The not as good:
* Service was super rude 
* Food was too salty to eat 
* Neighborhood felt a little sketchy to be sitting outside. It was ok because most tables were occupied so it felt less like being left to die alone but I wouldn't want to be out there without other people around 
We tried the jambalaya (main flavor profile was salt), the nachos (actually were pretty tasty), and the fried pickles (AKA fried salt chips; couldn't eat 'em, way too salty). 
I would say if it's late and you're drunk, this might be your new favorite place. If you're sober, I'd find somewhere else to eat.Jessica, Nicole, Country, and Stu provided an excellent out of town tourist experience! Between the food, service, and the wonderful local tap beers I've never been happier!!! Absolutely recommend again!! If you get a chance to go to a concert, comedy show, or just for late night eats- definitely do!I have seen everything from Brass bands, DMC DJ competitions, and stand-up comedy at the Howlin' Wolf. It is a good venue to me because I can walk from my apartment to here in less than a half an hour. The venue is spacious and it standing room only with a couple of stools here and there. 
The bar is alright serving the normal selections of beer and spirits but the last time I was there, it was during Jazz Fest, and I felt that the drinks were overpriced and watered down. The bar tenders weren't very happy when I expressed my opinion but that is expected. 
Overall, I think the Wolf does a really good job of getting good acts and performances. The quality of the sound and equipment they use is good as well.We've been twice. Once for dinner on the den side. Food was pretty good and service was fine. 
We returned to see Samantha Fish on a Thursday night. The doors were supposed to open at 8 and bands start at 9. Doors opened late and it was quite confusing as to where to line up. The venue consisted of two cash-only bars, a stage and a wide open space. One small section of bleachers. There ended up being three bands with long waits between. Samantha Fish was, of course the last act and didn't start until 11:30. By that time we had had enough of being pushed and shoved by some of the rudest people in New Orleans and had moved back from the stage. It was impossible to hear once you left the stage area, too much chatter. Had to work early the next morning so just left after a couple songs. Total waste of time and money.This was the Den... Had the pull pork sandwhich, wish it was a little bigger.  They had an ok beer selection.  Nice atmosphere.I think this place has a lot to offer in the way of uniqueness and proximity to the convention center. I will also say that the bacon and cheddar filled beignets were the best that I had in the entire area. The rest of the menu was really just OK but the atmosphere made up for it.The manager here was extremely rude. I came here for the bloody mary festival for my friends bachelor party and I got my id stolen the night before so he wouldn't let me in. Okay sure, fine. So I sat at the bar next door while the other groomsman went in. 
About 30min later my friends came out for a cigarette and brought a few out for me to taste test. He followed them out and started interrogating me. Giving me a lecture about how he is the owner of the venue and he asked me what the hell I was thinking drinking when he clearly didn't let me in. 
Again, the manager here was very rude. I understand I wasn't in the right but he could have asked us to leave with a little more professionalism. He said "damn tourist think they can do anything they want" to his friends who happened to be sitting nearby and also said "get off my venue" 
He definitely could have controlled his emotions better and talked to us like adults instead of some rowdy kids breaking the rules. 
There is a reason why this venue doesn't have glowing reviews to begin with.This place is a hidden gem. It's a great place to bring your friends or family for a fun day/evening. Great selection of beers! It's relaxed atmosphere brings me in every time. It's kind of like your local neighborhood bar where everyone knows everyone if you're a local. I feel apart of the family. 
Can we talk about the live music?! You can catch great artists like Rebirth Brass Band for a good time. Great space to listen to some awesome artists.
The Howlin' Wolf is a staple for me every time I visit NOLA.#minneapolismiracle !!!! Jess, Nicole, Country! They are all super fun! Personality makes a bar... these guys have it!Been here before, but this is for the burlesque show...f*****g amazing time. One of the best burlesque shows I've been to and one of the best times I've had in my four years in New Orleans. And to the lady in front of me who asked us to keep it down during the show, ~find a different bar honey~A Warehouse District staple.
You will see some great local bands here and occasional a large regional band or lesser know national act coming up.
The original location was on Tchoup but moved shortly after Katrina to this location which was formerly Pralines where they had the Gospel Brunch.
Known for their free Lundi Gras street concert with Cowboy Mouth.Visited last Sunday night which was my last night in NOLA.  I used to love the former location in the Warehouse district - saw Joe Sample and other great artists there over the years.   This location is smaller and has more of a dive bar feel.  The bar/kitchen is up front as you walk in.  You can view the menu on a blackboard at the entrance - I've included a photo of the menu from a card that is available at the bar.  There is a good selection of craft beers, and liquor.  I decided to eat the jambalya which was very plentiful.  It was good, but had more rice that most folks could eat.  I found myself going for the protein.  Service at the bar was friendly and helpful.  The Sunday night back was the Hot 8 brass band!  They did an amazing show!  The dance floor was full and folks were seemingly having a great time.  I would definitely go back on a Sunday evening if given the chance.   Check it out!I am in town for a conference and I was told by a friend, who is a local comedian here, to come check out the free comedy on Tuesday night at 8:30 PM. And holy crap was he ever right, this was a collection of really funny comedians, not your typical open mic night.
They have a great selection of beers on tap, and while it's not the biggest bar, there's still plenty of seating and it doesn't seem to get too full on Tuesdays so you will definitely have new people that you can talk to and meet- or enough space to chill out, be antisocial, and do your own thing.
Love this place and I will probably be back for the last two nights I'm in town!I saw Rebirth play here recently.  We first went to the old location like the old fogeys we are (why should New Orleans change a thing?).  Its now a club for much younger, prettier people.  We eventually found our way to the new location (thanks, iPhone!), which is just down the street.  I like the new digs but still think its overpriced.  No bottled beer in New Orleans should cost $6.  None.Nicole was the best, the food was great! And This place proves that there is more to to NOLA than the Quarter........3/8.......Great place try it!Ive been here a few times.  They're pet friendly, which is a bonus in my book.  The staff is always friendly and they have your standard bar food.  Its seems like a good afternoon place, they have tables set up outside and dont ever seem too busy until later in the evening.  There is nothing extraordinarily special, but also nothing I'd complain about either.  I do adore the 'canine hydration station' they have outside for dogs passing by!That is the worst burger I've ever had. The party seems to be made of anything but meat. Service is bad, no smile, you really feel like nobody cares about you. 
Long story short, go elsewhere.Great as a music venue and bar. Hot 8 Brass Band killed it and the beer selection was decent. We didn't try the food.Food was ok but the vibe at the place was awesome! Great hang out spot, I just didn't particularly love the food!We came here late at night around 9 pm and ordered gator balls ($8) and a "badass" burger ($11), which was really just your normal burger (cheese is $1 extra). The gator balls had an interesting flavor, but were too salty. On the bright side, it had a nice outside crunch. The burger came with fries. The fries were good, but the burger was a letdown. Food here is not worth the cost. Maybe the drinks are priced ok, but the food is not.Ok.. so, I went there this weekend to see a show.. this is a typical dive bar atmosphere, and I am totally ok with that.  The place is dark and dank, but again, I kind of expected it.. here was my problem.. I kept ordering my signature drink.. a grey goose cosmo.. they charged me 8 bucks for a small plastic cup, no issue bc I requested Grey Goose.  I kept drinking it, and let's just say.. this girl drinks this ALL the time, so I knew something was WAY off.. I have had many bartenders put sweet and sour mix instead of triple sec or cointreau, so I thought that is what happened.. no issue.. I drank it and ordered a second drink.. this time, I ordered a Grey goose and cranberry with a twist of lime.. second time, it tasted WAY off, even more so than the first one, which prompted me to ask the bartender what was in the drink.. he stated that it was cranberry and vodka. I saw him pour the cranberry from the drink gun, so I thought maybe the water was funky in it bc it had a metallic kind of taste.. my man went on over and asked for another and asked if they could use cranberry from a bottle, not the drink gun.. that's when the bartender, on the 3rd attempt, finally admitted that they don't have cranberry there, so they improvised with a mix of grapefruit and pineapple juices.. I am NO scientist or mixologist,  but under what screwed up science experiment does grapefruit and pineapple = cranberry??? What a great way to screw up my GREY GOOSE... Do me a favor Howlin Wolf.. invest in a few bottles of cranberry.. bc a lot of people drink this...Perfect dive bar. Decent selection of beers with nice outside seating on the sidewalk. A bit limited though. Staff was friendly and efficient and prices were good. They had local stand up comedy in back the night I visited. Was just ok and certainly not professional. #anyportinastormDisgusting, overly-salted everything, rude, dead end. 
There's nothing to like about this place. The food is practically inedible with the amount of salt on the food. If you can get beyond that, it's just nasty and offensive. The "staff" is all beyond rude. They act like somebody walked into their home and bothered them to make food for free.  Go basically anywhere else.My hips are still shimmying and swaying from all the good music here!
My friend, the local, took me there. Completely unassuming joint. Pay your nominal fee, go in the back and start dancing!  We saw the Hot 8 Brass Band and I suspect that every band that plays there is as good as that one. I literally could not stop dancing, even after the music stopped!
I don't need fancy. I just need a safe place to get my jig on. Plus the drinks are reasonably priced. If I lived in New Orleans, I'd be a regular! Had the best night of my entire stay hanging out in this joint. Everybody claims they want the "real" New Orleans experience when they're there -- well, Howlin' Wolf is part of it.Busy during a conference so service was a little slow, but waitress was nice at bar. Food was okay. Had the BBQ pulled pork, with fries. It was lacking in meat and sauce, but wasn't the worst. 
Try it if you're hungry and everything else is fullThis place is walking distance from the convention center which is convince,we stopped for lunch. If you see a line at the bar to order food don't stop keep walking. 
The bartender lady was rude and the cook as well. 
When you walk in it doesn't really state to order at the bar and then sit down to call out your name for food. They need a better ordering system.
I will say this I did order the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and that was delicious! My friend Order the jambalaya said it was delicious as well. It to bad the service wasn't as great as the food.I'm reviewing the den as a place to drink, relax, and chat. The same group as on Frenchmen met up here after a day at SC. Not a huge selection of brews, but a good selection. Some of the smaller plates looked good, although I honestly don't remember if I ate anything here. Yes, it was a good night involving friends from years ago, friends from over a decade before, new friends, friends' elementary school friends, friends not even on this continent, and, well, more friends.
Anyplace with a writer scribbling in a notebook at the bar has to be somewhat good. Trust me.Bought tickets to an 8 pm show. Spent $20 on a cab to arrive a 9pm then told the show wouldn't start till 11pm ? BS!!  - LAST TIME WE EVER have anything to do with this venue.. There is enough free and low cover music in New Orleans that no one should put up with this crap. !!We made it to Nola! We searched for a place close to our hotel and this was only 2 blocks away so we had to stop by. Great food all around, had the fries, mofo nachos, and gator balls.
The mofo fries were my fav, loaded with toppings and we added pork. Do it.In the short time I've been in New Orleans this is my favorite bar I've been to. They have an excellent beer selection and awesome music. Highly recommended.First time in New Orleans and our first stop was The Howlin' Wolf. We really enjoy the atmosphere and the people working there were really friendly and helpful!!!Great little spot. Don't go to the food court in the mall. Pop over to the Howlin' Wolf! Great options. I had the Cuban and fries. Next time I want to get the jambalaya! Nice atmosphere. Good place to unwind between conference sessions!We stopped here for lunch while on business at the convention center and were very happy we did. I opted for a quesadilla, which was a ton of delicious food. Really great. Some nice and unique beers on tap as well, and great service the whole time we were there. Would highly recommend.I am terribly disappointed with the management of this venue. My husband and I flew in to NOLA to see Drew Lynch. Drew was amazing. However, the crowd was obnoxious.  The management did nothing to help. If I were Drew, I'd never perform there again.Went to this bar on a quiet afternoon. Barely any customers and was completely ignored for most of the stay. Drinks and food were good, but the service left a bad taste in my mouth.i tend to get on yelp when something is really bad or really good. we were staying at the marriott next store and were hungry this was the closest place. the place was yucky, first of all the cook was wearing no gloves and touching stuff like the telephone while cooking our food...gross. then the food was disgusting, way to much salt in everything, i couldnt even eat it. the pork had no flavor (except salt) and there was nothing else in the sandwich, just pork, yucky salty pork. the fries were soggy and like i said had way to much salt. the sandwich was supposed to come with cole slaw but didnt. and worst of all it was overpriced, 10 dollars for a sandwich and nasty fries. please dont go here if you want something to eat yuck.This place came highly recommended by the locals in NOLA. I can see why. Aside from the lunch-time rush (make sure you have time to wait while one chef cooks it all!), this place is damn near perfect. 
I had the goat cheese and caramelized onions quesadilla and it did not disappoint! I also picked up a Krispy Kreme bread pudding and it was so yummy!!
Open-air places are high on my list, but add to that great atmosphere, good menu, and delicious beers, and you've pretty much won me over. 
Special Note: This place doubles as a music venue and stretches the entire length of the block, not too far from the Convention Center. Actually, it might've been a music venue first and restaurant later, but either way, it's great.
Also, outdoor seating without all the touristy fuss.Good beer selection, great live music.  A long way from fancy, but not far from just right.  
On the second visit, I've decided to up my rating to five stars because this is really my second favorite dive bar in the world.  My first is a little hole in the wall joint in Kathmandu, so I'd have to go a long way to find someplace that masters the genre as well as this place does.  Bartender has been awesome both times, beer selection is solid, music is good, vibe is right.It was a rainy, misty Tuesday evening in NOLA and were looking for something fun to do close to our hotel.
After convincing fellow Toronto Yelper Tony F to put on some pants and leave his hotel, we met up at The Howlin' Wolf. We were originally going to check out the free stand up comic show hosted there but the performance area was so tiny, there was no way we wanted to sit up in the front row!
We saddled up at the bar and ordered some local craft beers and the sampler basket ($10) from their kitchen that offered up a variety of deep fried goodies, perfect for accompanying our drinks.
Liked the low key vibe of The Howlin' Wolf - even Tony agreed it was worth putting on pants for!Love the crawfish pies! 5 stars for these. They're small, very succulent filling, many pieces of crawfish.
Not a fan of the bacon cheddar beignets. I'm not sure if I got the right order because I saw no bacon, tasted no cheese. There were green (pepper?) chunks embedded in the fried doughy ball.Jess was killing it behind the bar on 11.7.19. Good pour, great service, and outdoor seating. Did not try the food but it sure did smell good.Great food! Service is awesome! Just wish I could play my kind of music instead of listening to whatever the owner thinks I want to hear. Bad Howie... Give me music or give me death! Down with censorship! Black lives matter! Free the nipple!
Update:
Howie responded to the people! Howie is a man of the people! Freedom reigns at Howlin Wolf! Five stars for management!Got super excited to be so close to a restaurant from my hotel. That was till i tried it, dont get me wrong the foods ok but the price and options aren't worth it. They get cool points for the live music but lose it and more when its so loud, you cant even order a drink or our food.This place is a hard pass!Good beer selection, great live music.  A long way from fancy, but not far from just right.Went here for a down and dirty live brass performance while visiting New Orleans in March. 
There's a front area with a restaurant and a couple of bars but where the music is is literally a small room with no windows or tables and to be quite honest, it helped keep the band the focus of the night. 
It's best to get there early and have a couple drinks at the bar before the show starts because once it does and you've found a good spot to watch them, you won't want to leave for a drink or the restroom.
The Hot 8 Brass Band is who we saw and we were literally and figuratively blown away! (Literally bc it's brass... get it? Lol). The energy in that small room could move mountains.
Definitely visit this gem if you're visiting NOLA. It's where the locals go and it's a good time if you're really into feeling the culture of the city.Amazing cheddar bacon beignets and pulled pork sandwiches. Atmosphere down home New OrleansWe ended the night by having few drinks at the Howlin' Wolf.  The place is divided in half - back of the room was where the live music was and the bar/kitchen was in the front half.
All drinks and food are ordered at the bar, for food, they call out the name of the food, but due to the loud music, it's hard to hear. As for alcohol's, they have mixture of local and national brands.
We ended up here because it was right next to the hotel we were staying, so easy walking distance.  We enjoyed our time, our conversation and if I stayed at the same hotel, would definitely revisit.Great hair cuts. If you're balled it will grow back. Love and happiness will replace a few rupees. #triforceLove. This. Place!
The customer service was on point.
The food was delicious! Especially the crawfish pie (I think that's what it's called).
The bartender was amazing. She made a drink for us based off of what we described. It was so damn good.
Will definitely return.Such a great experience! My boyfriend and I arrived a bit early to our hotel nearby and wanted to grab a bite to eat. All of the bartenders are super attentive and personable. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone visiting NOLA and want a chill laid back experience.After unpacking at SpringHill Suites, I decided to check out the neighbourhood. Across the street was The Howlin' Wolf. It's a bar, eatery, and music venue.
I walked in at around 8 pm. I sat myself down. The bartender came over, handed me a small menu, and was helpful with food recommendations. I went with chicken tacos. You get three of them. The meal comes with chips and salsa. To wash it down, I ordered an Abita amber beer.
The chicken tacos were fabulous! The chicken was tender and tasty. The ingredients were fresh and flavourful. I loved the warm chips with the refreshing salsa. So good!
Abita is a local brand of beer. I tend to go local when I am a tourist. The beer is excellent. It's smooth and perfect.
I was a bit early to see any band play that night. However, during my time in New Orleans, I could hear whatever band was playing as I was coming back to the hotel. 
When I am not trying to squeeze in so many activities, I'll need to take in some live music here. I want more tacos and beer, too.
(50)Ahhh we walk into the howlin wolf...but alas the kitchen lights were off! Oh no!! All we wanted were FRIED PICKLES! Who walks out from the shadows....Craig the Pickle Master. He turns those lights back on and lights that fryer back up and seasons those limp pickles. He provides us with the greatest fried pickles on the planet. And he didn't forget the side of ranch! We did not expect this delightful treat. But wow. It was magnificent. Beyond thankful for the pickle master...I recommend this bar and food stand to all. He also danced while he fried the pickles....unreal service....beyond lucky to live in the same world as the pickle master.Best jambalaya ever. Bartender not the nicest but the jambalaya makes it worth it. Fresh and delicious. Thanks HowieDecent pub food, beer, and a friendly staff make this a good spot to meet around the convention center. I had the Cubano sandwich, which was good but nothing to venture out of the way for. I may head back if I'm in their area of NOLA again.The gator balls here are crazy!   I thought they looked a little dark and then I tried some and it was the best ball you could ever have!   I had the taco too.  They are good I got ex pickled onions but the gator bites should be in your mouth.  Jmack! Thank you.This is a great option in CBD. It's away from the touristy crowds in French Quarter. Drinks and bar food are reasonably priced. It's destination spot for those that want to check out some of the best live brass bands in an intimate setting. Head over here and skip Bourbon Street. You'll come away with a truly New Orleans experience.I ordered the burger with fries and the hot 8 sampler and overall was very pleased with the whole experience. The quality and quantity of the food was great and everything was tasty.  Also, delivery was super fast and food was still hot.A great stop on my way back to my hotel.drinks were tall and the bartender Nicole is not only adorable, she has an awesome and infectious laugh. I will be going back to get more of her positive vibes when ever I get back to town. Good job guys!This is a review for the bar only. We dropped by for a beer and were exposed to the worst cable "alternative" music ever. Man, if you are a music venue, have good music. We left after some dated and crappy boy band song came on. 
The service and the riffraff. All pretty nasty. And I don't mean in a cool New Orleans kinda riffraff way. Some douchebag snagged my husband's tip as he left at the bar.
Oh, and the food sucks too. No surprise there. Board of health? Music police? Is anyone listening?First, I have to apologize. I thought I already wrote a review for this place. I was wrong. Let me fix that! I evacuated to New Orleans from Lake Charles due to Hurricane Laura. This place was across the street from my hotel. Let me just say that the guy running this place and all of his staff have been so friendly and helpful. They have even given out meals to Hurricane evacuees. Good seasoned food too. Not bland stuff nor small portions. I hear they support local musicians as well. This place is definitely ran by people who care & that's the type of place I want to support! If you stop by within the next few weeks, you might get to see me as well!  So yea, the food is good and the drinks are as well. Stop by.This review is based on the fact that this place is a bar with food, but within the realm of this type of restaurant, it was flippin' awesome and don't see how they could improve any further! My husband and I went during COVID phase 2, so limited capacity but there was plenty of seating both indoors and outside at covered picnic tables. The bartender was super pleasant and attentive-we had chosen to sit outside and he actually came out to check on us and see if we wanted more drinks. The food really hit the spot-we got the bacon cheddar beignets (dense fried calls of goodness with a creamy dipping sauce), fried pickles (chip style, which is our fav-not spears), chicken tacos and pork tacos (perfect little snack-can do either crunchy or soft tortilla), and the burger with fries (solid standard burger, with thin crispy fries that were really good). Super convenient spot close to home so we will definitely be back! (Side note, free order of the bacon cheddar beignets and also $2 tacos for residents of Woodward Apts!)Came here after we had chosen a nearby restaurant that was so hoity toity that we were turned away for not having a reservation.  Fine, because Howling Wolf was much more on par with what we wanted anyways.  We didn't see a show, as this was mid-afternoon, but we did sit and drink from a good selection of tap beers and eat tasty lunch served in big portions.  Bartender was super-friendly.  Very glad we came.Howlin What? Place Sucked!! Pretty Boring overall - would skip it altogether its off the beaten path and a dangerous neighborhood.Amazing local bar with DELICIOUS food! Highly recommend if you're a local looking for a new spot or a visitor looking to make friends and listen to great music while eating bacon cheddar beignets. That's right, bacon cheddar beignets. 10/10 service and amazing crowd.Short review!
Very nice venue! I attended a comedy show there this past week and everything turned out fine. The bar is pretty open and the "den" is very spacious. The staff were friendly and welcoming. The seats were spaced out per COVID precautions. 
Only drawback was my Long Island iced tea. We didn't taste a lick of alcohol. Lol. 
Overall, nice place! Seems great for hosting events.How to take a world class brass band and make them sound awful?
The sound guy has the speakers and monitors up so loud the music sounds fuzzy. In addition to making my ears bleed I can't really appreciate the music. They don't sell ear plugs either. The bass is so loud that the musicians keep having to signal him to turn up their mics. He doesn't seem to realize the solution isn't more volume. Feedback galore. Can't hear staccatos because of some
Weird obsession with reverb. 
Maybe the guy at the soundboard just hates music?This just happened 10 mins ago on 6/30/17. The chef drop my food on the floor,  ( short drunk guy sweaty bearded look) then picked the food up in attempted to serve it to me!! I quickly went to the manager explained to her what happened and she return my money. With  no apology no compensation nothing just $12 back on my credit card. Because I watched a chef try to serve the only African-American person in the whole establishment food he just dropped on the floor of a bar I will never come back to this establishment again avoid at all cost...... if you ever come to essence festival never come to this restaurant/bar.Went to New Years Eve at the Howlin Wolf so can't speak to the atmosphere on non special occasion. 
New Years Eve was Rebirth Brass Band and a "premier open bar" for $80. I felt the price was fair considering I've paid $20-30 to see Rebirth at other venues then the cost for the bar. 
We arrived promptly at 10pm when the event began and pre purchased tickets. There was a line around the block that was run very poorly. We were shuttled into a second line which seemed simply to help the people at the front and was a hassle for those outside. They only had two people (one for each line) checking IDs and tickets at the door and the line moved very slowly - we were in line well over 30 minutes in the rain. You'd think for NYe they'd have more staff for this or be more prepared with signage to manage the line.
Inside is fine - not the nicest venue but very large so it didn't feel super cramped or hot. It's essentially one open warehouse room. 
The open bar was run really well - super fast and efficient which was fabulous. 
I am mostly giving this place 3 stars over 4 because of the treatment by a staff member. I was in the wrong bathroom line (men's not women's) and was literally yelled at by a bathroom attendant to get in the other line. It was just a bit much. I spoke to a manager about it and he was very gracious and apologized which I appreciated. 
Good venue for an event like this but not necessarily somewhere I'd go back to if there were not an event.Nice place to grab some drinks and take it easy, but do not bother ordering food here.I went in for comedy night! The women were hilarious. Small area so get there early for a good seat. After the show I stayed around and ordered some food and beers. The food was pretty good. There's only one guy cooking so there was a little wait since a lot of ppl were ordering, but worth the wait. I ordered the fried pickles and gator balls. Both were really good. The place is kinda small but it makes for a more intimate environment.Here for the night before our cruise tomorrow, and happened to stumble into this amazing dive bar! Ordered the cheese quesadilla first, and it was delicious. So had to try the fried pickles. It was ALLLL amazing! 
Not only was the food great, the prices perfect, but the staff made our first experience absolutely apropos to start the first night of our vacation.
If you're passing through I highly recommend! Nicole was a pleasure behind the bar, and Craig's dynamic personality was higher than par. 
 Next time I come visit, I will definitively stop by and say hi to Craig and Nicole!Comfort foods. Amazing and friendly staff! Hole in the wall feel with good comfort food. Jambalaya and debris fries were amazing!!Here for comedy Gumbeaux.   Best show in the city.  Did not have food this time but everything I have ever had was great.  Comedy every Thursday night.  Red Bean is the best.First time trying gator balls . Great service and friendly staff. I also got the blacken fish tacos and I loved it ! I literally inhaled all three.The howlin wolf was a lot of fun!!!  Saw the Rebirth Brass Band here for $20 and it was a great show. The speakers were great, the music was on point, and everyone there were nice and having a good time.  Next door is the restaurant/bar which was convenient to get a bite to eat afterwards.  
Some things I didn't like, some of the mics needed to be adjusted for when the band was speaking and the show started about an hour late.
They have a small bleacher area which looked nice to sit in otherwise they have some small round tables. 
Not a bad spot in the place, great size venue to see a show.
All tickets must be purchased on line if in advance, or you can buy them at the door at the time of the show.
Beers I think were about $5 and drinks about $7.
I defiantly recommend catching a show here.I stumbled upon this place as I was meandering around near my hotel...looking for a hole in the wall to belly up to the bar and have some food and a drink.  Great beer options and the blackened chicken tacos are delicious.  The band was warming up, as I came in...my night was complete at this point!Went last night to see Hot 8 Brad band (they're there every Sunday I think). I thought we'd need to get there early to get a seat, I guess I thought it was more of a dinner/show venue, but they are separate. The food was actually tasty (burgers, tacos, etc.), but we waaaay overshot our timing. Got there about 1 hour 45 mins early. Sat at the picnic tables outside while we ate and killed time since there's not a lot around there. The Den is super small with bleachers in the back. The DJ played from around 10-10:30 as it filled up, mostly standing room, but not crowded. The band was a lot of fun, New Orleans brass with contemporary flare. Have fun!I had this for take out on Wednesday and I found it pretty greasy. I may have just got an unlucky dish.I perform here on Thursday nights! They have an amazing free comedy show every week. 
I love tacos here. The pork is my favorite, so flavorful. I have to pay extra for cheese, which would normally make me upset...but they were so yummy, I have accepted it! 
They also have great fries and nachos. A good bar to start the night off with in the CBD.
The bar can get a little slow sometimes but the drinks are nice. Nothing fancy, but affordable. Basic mixed drinks and beer. 
Come for the show stay for the food!Great little bar in the Warehouse district. Bartenders are super fun and the food smelled amazing! The front is your typical sit down bar but in the back they have comedy and music and all kinds of fun action depending on the day!Great, super-convenient, cheap eats! My wife and I always stay at the Springhill Suites in CBD and it's a 30 second walk to The Howlin Wolf! The kitchen is open til 2am and they've been a life saver for us. 
The food is great and the prices are even better!