Stop, DO NOT GO HERE!!!!! 
Oh where do I begin.
First, we had to wait for a hostess as she was busy talking with her friends, then she walks to the stand, no acknowledgement, she simply picked up two menus and walked away, and then after she walked away she looked back with a mean face like we were stupid and should have known to follow her, we were seated without her saying a word.  We were seated in fact by the General Manager John and his family, and had the pleasure of watching him and his family enjoy multiple waiters and heaping plates of food.  While we waited for service. 
After 30 min a waitress approached us and asked us if we had been waited on, we said no, and she said she wasn't sure if we were her table, she left and came back 10 min later and apologized and said she was our waitress.  We ordered drinks and off she went, 10 min later she was back with drinks, Be aware you will pay for water, 2.00 per bottle.  The bloody mary $14.00 was drinkable but nothing special.  We then ordered our entree's I ordered the Crawfish ettouffee and my fiance ordered a bowl of gumbo and the taste of new orleans which was Jambalaya, Etouffee, and redbeans.  Listen I cant stress this enough we grew up on the gulf coast we understand how Gumbo and the other dishes are supposed to taste, if your not from the area you have no idea, so to you it might be good, but let me tell you the food was horrible, the etouffee had no flavor and the gumbo's roux was watery and again had no flavor. The rest of the food was simply not good.  We had purchased a groupon for this place and that included a dessert and so we ordered the bread pudding, again it was horrible, it was tough and rubbery. 
That was it, we had had it, so we asked to speak with John the general manager, 20 seconds into our conversation he basically dismissed us and said dont worry ill take care of the meal, while that was generous that wasn't really what we wanted to hear, we continued to try and explain our issues, he then got extremely rude, explained that he was the GM for a multi million dollar operation and if things were that bad, the restaurant wouldn't make it, I disagree, they have a fantastic location on the river in the riverwalk center, and there are plenty of unaware tourist that pay his bills.  He even told me to contact the owner that he would tell me the same thing.  I have yet to do so but im curious as to what his response will be.  
The only pleasure I received from the meal was watching countless customers get up and walk out after not receiving service and the fact that I personally was able to turn away 2 groups saving them from a horrible experience.
Take my warning to heart, bad food, bad service, bad management.Awful tourist trap. My Caesar was drenched in dressing and lackluster. My crab cakes had large pieces of crab shell in them and were terribly tasting. I had to spit my food out and send it back. Service was slow. Took 15 minutes for my waitress to bring me a water. 
I would find another restaurant to eat in the area. 
One star for the live music.Plenty of time to write this review as I sit and wait for our meal here! We came because I bought a groupon before our trip and it looked like a fun spot. It's a great location right by the newly re-opened Riverwalk, outdoor and indoor seating. There was a small line to get in when we arrived and it was moving slowly, totally unorganized and three hostesses at the stand seemed to have no clue what to do. There appeared to be no system for wait listing people for seating. We were finally seated and then waited 15 minutes until we got up to ask if a server would be coming to help us. The hostess apologized, and 5 minutes later a waiter came, he said they had switched shifts, etc.... And took our drink and food order. 
We had all been complaining amongst our party and wishing we could just leave, but we didn't want to waste the groupon, so we made a game of the wait. We all put money on how long the appetizer and food would take. Surprisingly, the hush puppies took only 12 minutes, but we were still waiting on our drinks, they arrived at 17 minutes, and 1 hour after our arrival our food is now here!
Had to raise review up one star because the food was decent. Portions were large, we could have split some plates. Kids say fries were the best, and fish taco were also good. Just not worth the aggravation and wait. Too disorganized here- tons of empty tables and wait staff standing around, yet they are telling people a 30-40 minute wait.
The atmosphere is what gets them a star- outside, on the river, nice live music. Just need to get the drinks flowing faster!After a night on Bourbon St, we were looking for a place to recover. We chose this place because my wife and I had eaten here before and I remembered it being good. Well once again I was not disappointed. We visit NOLA often, and this will not be our last time eating here.Food was mediocre, as was the service. 
We had fried pickles,  fried crab claws & charbroiled oysters to start.   The oysters were the best thing out of all 3.
Then we had raw oysters (dried out from sitting too long), the stuffed lobster (ok) & shrimp & grits (good).The Crazy Lobster is ok. I got the crab cake and a shrimp po boy. Living in Maryland I have pretty high standards for crab cakes and this didn't live up to them. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad. It just wasn't big or meaty enough. The sauce it came with was pretty good though and a bit tangy. The shrimp po boy was ok. Though, I've had better in Pensacola. The waiter was very friendly and the atmosphere was relaxed. Sitting out by the river is pretty cool. You'll probably hear the ships blow their whistle if you stay long enough.Stopped here for lunch on Saturday the 18th. It wasn't our original choice  - it's been awhile since I've been to NOLA & didn't know our fave place inside the Riverwalk had closed and The Crazy Lobster was the closest! However, I'm really glad this is where we ended up. Our party of 5 was seated right away & our waiter came over fairly quickly - no complaints about the service at all for us. The atmosphere was nice, they had some live music & there was a nice breeze coming through. 
I had a bowl of the gumbo & I found it to be doggone tasty....all of my companions really enjoyed their meals as well. I snitched a couple of hush puppies from my friend's plate and sipped some of her Bloody Mary, the end result being I wish I would have ordered my own hush puppies & Bloody Mary because they were realllllly good. It was honestly the best Bloody Mary I'd had in awhile and really hit the spot. Love that in this area, pickled green beans in Bloody Mary's are a thing!
All in all, we had a highly enjoyable meal at The Crazy Lobster & would definitely go back.Ok where to start, my husband and I decided to have a margarita each. The waitress told us that we should have the house special margarita, it was so sweet and tasted like grownup lime cordial. Food wise our kids chose the kids snow crab meals the crab was nice, fries soggy. My husband and I decided to have the chilled tower it had 5 marinated shrimp, 5 shrimp in cocktail sauce, baby marinated crab claws, 8 oysters, 6 clams two of which were not open, 9 mussels 5 of them were also not opened. When we spoke to the manager she offered to take then to the kitchen to get them opened for us, my husband and I said no and tried to explain to her that if a mussel or clam doesn't open when cooked they are bad! She argued that they are fine. We decided that it was no worth risking food poisoning and lady you are lucky that no one has reported getting food poisoning!!If you go here I agree sit outside!!  A group of us went there for lunch and sitting on the river was awesome!
I ordered the cup of Gumbo and it was so delicious and was the perfect size for lunch.  Nice view, tasty gumbo, sitting on the river with great service...I was happy!!Excellent charboiled oysters. 2nd time coming and they never disappoints! Fun live music right on the river.My husband and I went there tonight for dinner and we're glad we did. We had the crab cake app and several drinks. Both were really good. For dinner I had the stuffed 2 lb lobster while my husband had the shrimp Po-boy. We were both happy with our dishes. I had enough left over to take a to go box home. Our waitress (Bree) was extremely attentive and very nice. Our overall experience was extremely pleasurable. We will be going back on one of our date nights again for sure.My sister and I sat at the counter and had to move to the outside because of some putrid smell emanating from somewhere near us.  There was also obnoxious and unnecessary yelling going on by some of the employees.  Outside we were attack by an army of hungry flies because of my lobster dish.  that wasn't there fault but could have warned us about the attraction flies have to lobster.  The raw oysters looked old but tasted fine.  Our waiter also was a little shifty as when I asked him about free soda refills, he took a moment to decide what to tell me.  They were free of course but I didn't like the fact he had to think it over.  Also the bathrooms have no way of drying hands.  Overall this was the worst dining experience in my life and would strongly recommend you avoid this place.I will preface this review by stating that it was indeed some time ago that I actually attended. I sat outside, which was at night. I will just say that I would never go back. I mean, there was just nothing, and I mean nothing, at all even remotely memorable about this venue. I ordered the bucket; bland, my friend, is a severe understatement. There is no doubt in my mind that they have been advertising the Groupon special for as long as they have because, simply, no one would attend. I have had better lobster at Red Lobster. 
Even with the Groupon that I purchased, I was still very disappointed with the meal here. 
I am sorry, but you guys just have to do better.The streamed shrimp plate was so amazingly good I came back the day after and ordered the same meal!!!  The bacon bloody mary was also fabulous!!!!! Lovely band playing with an amazing view of the Mississippi River!! Very serene!!!The worst dining experience ever. Do not go there. Everyone was grumpy and clearly made it known they would rather be elsewhere. We ordered the lobster crab pot (bounty of the sea) for $90. Enough for 2 people. The dish was served Luke warm with little to no seasoning or flavor. The lobster was overcooked, the crab legs were good though. We could not get the waiter for the life of us to refill drinks, give napkins, we wipes or side plates. He jyst didn't care. He was always in sight, we were seated right in the back near the server station. Thankfully,, there was ONE waiter working his tail off helping us. Our bill was over $200, we should not of tipped him but I have a good man and he gave a $20. Harrah's should NOT endorse this place.Nice little spot on the river. I had the snow crabs, char grilled oyster and cup of gumbo which were all good.The drinks were very weak.  The Catagory 3 drinks could be number 2 or 1.  Please ask them to make them in front of you... they were very weak. The resturant continues to take the fun out of everything ... each time we go there it's something smaller than then the last time.1st meal in New Orleans.  Don't understand negative review. It was just 2 for lunch but it was also cruise ship day.  Great Cajun Bloody Marys.  Great Shrimp Po Boys and The Taste of New Orleans.  No wait Good Food and Great Friendly Service.'Came to Poppy's Crazy Lobster because of a deal that we found on Groupon. It was very close to the Aquarium and Riverwalk, which was great because that's exactly where we were! Our drinks came in souvenir cups, our server was attentive, and we were given plently of time to order. We went with the coconut shrimp (which were great) and the gumbo for an appetizer. The gumbo was not spicy enough and was bland, but the shrimp made up for the disappointment of the gumbo. Had the Pasta Orleans and the Shrimp Tacos for lunch and they were brought very promptly. The Pasta Orleans was bland at best, but the shrimp in it was cooked perfectly. The Shrimp Tacos however were awesome with the dijon sauce on top with the cole slaw which was perfectly sweet. The tacos automatically came with tortilla chips, which is understandable for the term tacos, but french fries would have been better. The sourdough bread that the give at the beginning was really good too. Service was great and the restaurant is nestled right on the Mississippi River.This is the type of place that you visit each and every time you come to NOLA...or at least that's what I do. And most recently I purchased a Groupon during my stay in NOLA and that made it even better... with the construction right now, the view isn't the greatest and so you can't get the full ambience of the place especially at night but their food and drinks are still good. The chargrilled oysters were fresh and flavorful, and my boyfriend wouldn't stop raving about the fish tacos and literally tried to get me to return the next day just so he could get some more. I will say the Groupon said a reservation was required, but that's a lie....just show up hungry and prepare to eat some great food!'nGood tourist place. Limited vegetarian options.
The staff is friendly and attentive. It's located on the Riverwalk and you're able to sit outside, weather permitting. We went on a Sunday night and they had nice jazz type band playing. It's a good place for people watching.
The menu is full of the standard fried seafood. My favorite items are the fried pickles and cajun fries. It's overpriced but most places around here are.The only few good things I can say is the waiter was fun and really nice and the drink was good. Hard to mess up a Malibu and pineapple.   The seafood bucket was cold and dried out. For $81.00 it's embarrassing.  The only hot thing was the rubber like textured lobster. The clams, shrimp and anything else was obviously sitting in the back drying out before given to us.  Going to call bc I accidentally bought 2 groupon and need to use the other one next week.  Hopefully they can give some type of credit.  But reading all these reviews I see this is VERY common and don't think I'll get anywhere.  Contacting groupon as well.  They usually sell good deals. Not this one.  I wish I would have read these reviews before buying the groupon.  It's still available, beware. Oh and the fried crab claws were tiny and tasteless.  Waiter, wonderful.Place was good. Baked Oysters were really good but their crawfish was the best I ate in NOLA.  They weren't very spicy which was good.  I went to couple other spots and the crawfish was so spicy I couldn't even eat them.  The interior was a bit cramped and we had a large group and had to make our own large table.  Which made me think, why would anyone put round tables in a restaurant?  If there square, then at least you can push them together.  Maybe there is a reason for round tables or some round tables but seems kinda pointless if you think about.One of my highlights of being in New Orleans was visiting this restaurant with a friend of mine.  Situated on the banks of the Mississppi River and located by the Riverwalk Mall, The Crazy Lobster and Bar is notorious for long wait times and good food.  Due to Mardi Gras, the restaurant ended up being short staffed which caused wait times to be longer.  My friend and I decided to eat at the bar first.  We eventually got lucky when a table became available.  We both shared a packet of shrimp, crab and sausage.  I also tried the Poppy's Voodoo Juice which was quite delicious but can creep up on you in a heartbeat.  The best part is that you keep the cup as a souvenir.  Service was good but once again I came for Mardi Gras.  Parking is scattered all over Downtown New Orleans.  Public Transit, walking, and Uber or Lyft is highly recommended.  A return is on the horizon.  The Crazy Lobster should be on your bucket list of restaurants to try in NOLA!Had dinner (the fried shrimp and catfish). The shrimp and catfish were cooked perfectly. The Cajun fries weren't too spicy which was good. Didn't care for the hushpuppies because I don't eat onions. Service was good and not too busy. A band was playing music live.I've had better sea food, but this is just a fun place to check out.  
I have to give this place an extra star because of how well they took care of my large group (15+) for my going away party. Service was fast and they were not a pain with splitting the check. 
The Seafood bucket is HUGE! Either come hungry or split with a couple of people. 
The outdoor seating facing the river is awesome! Especially when the people learning how to use segways are out there.Waited 35 minutes. No water, no drinks delivered, no one took our food order. We finally asked someone; he took our drink order, then someone else told us they were out of 1 of the drinks, 15minutes later, still no drinks; still sitting there with our menus. They have a very "we don't care" attitude.Showed up around 5:00 pm. We were promptly seated due to a lack of patrons. After sitting in an un-busy restaurant for over 10 min without a single contact from a any employee, WE LEFT! Apparently they feel their food is good enough and expensive enough they don't need to worry about return customers.Had the gumbo & seafood tower which were truly enjoyed this trip. Then the great & attentive service made it as enjoyable visit.I'm from San Diego and purchased a groupon well before my trip to New Orleans. My wife and I ate there on Thursday, October 1, 2015. We had gumbo, shrimp/crab-leg boil and charbroiled oysters.  With a couple beers it was awesome. Our server was so good that my wife gave her a hug when we left. Outside seating allowed us to listen to some music. As it was our last dinner in New Orleans, it was a perfect way to close out our vacation.Should have listened to the reviews. The service is VERY slow. And the food is WAY overpriced. $9 for a side garden salad that consisted of iceberg lettuce and bellpeppers!
Never again.Tourist Trap! Poor service; staff had poor attitudes. I simpy walked out. There are too many better restaurants that want my business.Was okay.  I ate the Crawfish étouffée.  Was expecting spicy but wasn't.  I was disappointed.  I tried the gator sausage.  It was good.  For people from Hawaii, tasted like Portuguese Sausage.  The service was excellent.  Wish I could give them more stars but had to add hot sauce and tobasco sauce to the crawfish étouffée for spice and flavor.We arrived there and it had just poured rain. They was doing construction and the place was flooded, but they was still seating us. The food and drinks where very very good and the service was as well. I'd like to go back when it's dry so I could enjoy it betterWas here for a private party. Since it was cold we took over the inside part of the restaurant. All the staff were friendly and helpful. Didn't order any food but the drinks were delicious.Nothing nice to say about this place.  Huge tourist trap to catch the people staying at the hotels downtown.  Over priced food and drinks to pay for their real estate on the river walk.  We had fried shrimp Po Boys and red beans and rice.  Waiter was unenthusiastic.  Red beans and rice was descent but luke warm.  Po Boy was nothing to brag about. French Fries were good.  Ask a lot of questions to make sure you are getting what their outside signs are advertising.  Because we had such a terrible Waiter it just was not a great dining experience.  Save your money and try somewhere else.Loved it. Would recommend to everyone. 
Husband and I visits around 6pm Saturday night. We sat outside and enjoyed the view of the river with a band playing. 
We ordered the bucket for two. Broiled seafood. Two lobsters, crab legs, mussels, shrimp, clams, potatoes, & corn on the cob. It was delicious. The top and bottom of the bucket had most of the spices.  It was cooked perfect. And was plenty or two. We did share a banana foster dessert. Great. It is now my new favorite dessert.
If you can, ask for Jessica. She was fabulous. We wanted for nothing the entire time.  She was extend my friendly and courteous the entire time.
We will definately visit again!I sat in the crazy lobster for 30 minutes on a Sunday evening. It was not busy at all and our group of 3 never got asked what we would like to drink, much less eat. The music was way too loud. Got up and left! Do not go to this hole! It is a shame that this fried food pit takes up such nice space.We came on Saturday night at a busier time oh the evening so definitely not gonna expect to have undivided attention. We sat at the bar, right in front of the guy who shucks the oysters. He was very friendly & even helped us get our check. The food was good. We had alligator bites as an appetizer, they were yummy. Jack had a dish featuring red beans & rice, jambalaya and crawfish étouffée, it was good. I had the trout (sorry I can remember the dishes actual name) it came topped with a Cajun sauce and crawfish and the dish was surrounded with potatoes. All of it was really good. 
Towards the end of our meal the bar got really busy, so we waited about 35 minutes for our check, maybe longer. Jack was going to order a beer but since we had a movie to catch he didn't have time for it by the time we finally got our check. Honestly I probably won't go there again, but that's only because there are so many places to try in the area. I'd say go there because it's pretty convenient and pretty good, but of you miss it it's not that big of a thing to miss.Terriable we came in 2011 this place has gone way down. We sit down outside and watch the hostess and a waiter basically hummping wach other. Really then went in to pay if you have a party more than 5 they add gratuity. Yup food was awful service awful we will never come back. Bad all the way around. Very disappointedKellie was a great hostess. Smiled, inviting and also accommodating with a cranky child. She gave us Oreos. (who doesn't love Oreos!)  They were a little understaffed but the kind service made up for it.It was near our hotel so we decide to try it. My boyfriend and I ordered the bounty of the sea which included various boiled seafood with corn, potatoes, and sausage. It was amazing! Best seafood we've had in New Orleans hands down.All of the food that we ordered was very tasty. We had Alligator Sausage, raw oysters, crab cakes, and coconut shrimp. My husband had a couple of beers and I had two martinis. Both of my drinks were excellent and the bartender was super friendly and eager to please. Overall, I did find it to be a little pricey, but I guess the location is the reason for that.I went here while at my Family Reunion this past weekend.  We waited too late to eat and everyone was hungry so we settled on this place.  Can't believe I paid double as much for a Cheddar's grade meal.  I got the shrimp and catfish platter.  It was okay, not memorable.  I let the waitress talk me into the Margarita which she said was $12 (it was $13 when I got the check).  The Margarita tasted like super sugary margarita mix with no tequila.  I was so turned off by it I couldn't drink anymore alcohol for the rest of the trip and I'm always down for a GOOD drink!  Guess I'm spoiled...we have good margaritas even in our chain restaurants in Texas!  An added bonus - I paid 20% gratuity.  For that I got a waitress who only checked on us once and touched all on my brother's neck in front of his girlfriend and mother.
The food was okay, but not worth the price!On a week night several co-workers and I went here for dinner. We had several dozen grilled and raw oysters which were very good. The fried calamari is so far the best I have had in New Orleans. The place is a bit touristy so the prices are a tad high. The service  was also quite good.This rating would had been higher if the kitchen/servers were a bit quicker. The char-grilled oysters were very close to Acme.I had the crawfish. The only thing that was good was the rice... Yeah...nice location but not a good food experience. :)My wife and I went here because it was off the river and we love riverfront restaurants the server was polite but she wasn't attentive at all we didn't get asked for a refill on are drinks not once matter of fact she didn't come back after we got are food which was good by the way but the waiting was to much we even had to tell another waitress to get our waitress so we could pay and leave. They also had a live music which was good. Oh I forgot we ordered an appetizer that we never got.We ate here a few years ago and loved it. After the bad reviews, I wasn't sure if it went downhill. We decided to come back anyways. It was still awesome!! We got one boiled seafood bucket and shared between 3 Cajun women. Now, we can put down some boiled seafood, but it was enough to fill us up!!! And not a bad price for what all you get either! Not to mention great location and awesome waterfront scenery of the Mississippi! I guess if you're going to eat there splurge the money and get something boiled!! It's been seasoned and boiled perfectly well every time and we will go back for the next special occasion!We had terrible service here. Not only did it take over a half hour to get our drinks, but our waiter made an excuse stating we have to wait until appetizers are on the table before serving us the drinks we ordered. He also knew we were just there for drinks anyways and not dinner. It then took a very long time to not only get our checks, but process them. Took a whole hour and fifteen minutes to get one round of drinks and two appetizers and processing checks. If you have a lot of patience for not getting much in the process, this is the place for your poor soul.A Groupon brought us here initially, the delicious Bourbon Street Combo brought us back.  I loved the combination of snow crab and shrimp, seasoned perfectly and in large portions.  My husband and I split this and another item on both of our visits, and this plate was our favorite both times.  Enjoy a seat on the patio with a great view of the Mississippi and prepare to delight in delicious seafood!Waitress was very friendly to us and took care of us.  Even after we threw down the groupon coupon.  Love the crab.  Nice local Cajun band playing on the outside deck.  Yes, you can sit outside and enjoy a good meal watching the mighty Mississippi River flow by.I have eaten here several times in the past. Well. Things have changed. My family was looking forward to going to this restaurant for weeks. We ordered the exact same thing as we did in the past, which included the seafood bucket. They have greatly reduced the amount of seafood in the bucket. Last time we had a bunch left over. This time everyone was fighting for food. And the food that we did get was poorly steamed. One person was happy with their pork chop. We never got drink refills. 
There were other tables with diners still at the restaurant, but they were clearing everything off the table before we even finished so they could go home. Some of the staff were arguing in front of us. I would avoid this restaurant. Too many good places to eat in NOLA to suffer through this place.On our first night we went to have dinner at. Mr Ed's as we are relying on the review. To our disappointment we didn't order as much food as we wanted as there is flies flew while we are about to start our drink. It's not fair especially from us who are from out of town relying on the review. It's misleading. This restaurant is a nightmare.
The following day on our way to outlet we notice this restaurant CRAZY LOBSTER. We went inside and check the menu and the staff are friendly. We were encourage to get a siy and check their food. I honestly say that this restaurant/ bar is amazing. We were there 2 times during our trip last August 5-8. Drinks are spectacular and food are beyond our expectations. One server name QUNITA is friendly and she made it sure that we had what we really wanted. We went back the following day because we couldn't resist how good the service, Food and drinks. QUNITA was our server again. She is beyond amazing. Words are not enough to describe how amazing  CRAZY LOBSTER at New Orleans. We will surely go back again to this restaurant and highly recommend this restaurant.We went here to eat after spending the afternoon at the Audubon aquarium.  It was a short walk from there ( less than five minutes) the place was like quite a few place we have been to that serve seafood near the water.  Out door patio area,and indoor eating area with large windows.  The hostess was friendly and seated us quickly.   Our server Joe was very friendly and helpful.  If not for the staff this place would have received a lower rating from me.  Firstly, soft drinks (fountain)were 3.00 and refills were 1.50.  Who does that (here in theU.S.?). inconceivable !   Then onto the food .....we had a groupon for 50.00. We ordered the Cajun steamed bucket which was about 1/2 lb of shrimp, 3 crab clusters,2 small potatoes, 1 ear of corn, 1 half sausage link. And the trio,red beans and rice, gumbo and jambalaya. The trio was jut okay nothing special.  The seafood was horribly overcooked.  We are from Florida we have access to seafood and eat it almost daily.  This place was way overpriced for the amount and quality of food.  If you don't get out much then it seems great but for those of us who have it like that it was just ...MEH!
Would not go back without a groupon.This is my second visit here.I had their shrimp and grits both times because they are very good. You get good grilled shrimp at a lot of places but getting delicious grits is rare. Definitely go for it. 
Their boiled seafood platter is also quite good and comes with baked potatoes and corn. 
I have tried their voodoo juice which is $14 and refills are $8. They are pretty good but a tad high on syrup. 
This restaurant is beautifully located by the water. Service is great. The one problem I have is with their steep prices you would hope for a slightly fancier setting. They serve wine in a plastic cup :/ 
Their drinks come in souvenir glasses that you can take home :)Great location on the river with outdoor seating.  The food is ok.  
I had the crawfish etouffee.  The crawfish was good but I've had much better in NOLA.Restaurant was really good. Gave you enough food to get full but was good enough to make you want more. Wait staff is very nice, but I sensed a little hostility if you needed the check split. Otherwise really great restaurant.Very pleasant surprise! Touristy, as many others have noted, but fun! Drinks were good, our waitress was super...we shared the shrimp boil and it was plenty for 2. Definitely recommend...If you want gulf oysters on the half shell, this is DEFINITELY the place to go. Delicious! Charbroiled are good too. I suggest you pass on the crabcakes, though; mostly bread--just a few strands of crab was all we could find--and dry and tasteless. Good service.Not great, not the worst. We ordered the calamari and alligator to start. The calamari was supposed to be served with banana peppers which it wasn't. It came with a mustard-like sauce and no lemon wedges. The gator sausage was extremely salty. 
For entrees, we had fish tacos, fish and grits and coconut shrimp. The 3 fish tacos were large but needed seasoning. The grits were delicious and the fried fish was good. The sauce on the fish and grits was tangy and did not compliment the dish so my friend ate the grits and fish that weren't smothered with the weird tasting sauce. The coconut shrimp were far too sweet and the dipping sauce was a sweet, thick syrup that had an unidentifiable fruity flavor. The French fries were hot and crisp.One of the better meals I've had this week in New Orleans.  It's right on the riverfront, and I had crab legs, which comes with boiled potato, corn on the cob, and lots if melted butter.  Better than a lot of crab legs I've had. They boil the legs in water with spices, and it comes out great.   A little on the expensive side, two for dinner with one drink each cost a hundred bucks- but everything in New Orleans is costly.Go and have the mahi sandwich, it was delicious but don't expect great service or service at all for that matter. It's like eating in the center of the pre-katrina projects...While making a complaint to the manager about how rude my waitress was, a girl with a plastic weave glued onto her head was just standing there laughing in my face. I paid her no mind. I tried to handle it nicely by first letting my waitor know that I was dissatisfied with his service, he didn't take it very well so I asked for his manager. He then yelled at me... "go tell her, she right ova dea!!! Tell whoever you want!!!" (In front of the entire restaurant) I was appalled, to say the least... I swear I thought he would hit me. I disengaged immediately. I then asked a man standing next to him at the register to please get me a manager. He pointed and said "she right over there just go walk up, she'll talk to you. Crazy thing is the general manager was there. I spoke to her and the manager. They both apologized but it was almost like this was the norm. The general manager said that she would talk to him immediately.... I was so confused...in my head I'm like... "talk to him???" He just yelled at me...at that point, I knew it was hopeless. I still plan on contacting corporate just to inform them of the experience and to let them know how their brand is taking a good dragging by the people they chose to hire. There are a couple more jawdropping incidents during this visit but after this book I just wrote, this is all the energy I can spare for now...As good as that mahi sandwich was, I will never go back...but if you still choose to go after this review, get the GROUPON so you don't feel too bad about the service. #corporatecleanhouseSave yourself the trouble. Our food was decent at best, but our server made the experience terrible. We went for lunch before it was even noon and he tried to sell us an $81 entree for 2 people.. We get it you want a big tip! Sandwiches that should've been at best $8 or $9 were $17, just outrageous altogether. It was obvious the waiter wasn't happy we didn't order $30 meals each, when he basically slammed down our plates. Waters were not refilled until after we had finished eating. Very disappointed.Came here on a crowded Saturday. The line was long but the wait was much shorter than expected. They are clearly ready to handle the large crowds of tourists like us on busy weekends. I got crawfish which was fresh and delicious. They also make a great Bloody Mary.Tourist trap.  Got stuck going with my in laws.  
Food.  Overpriced and lacking flavor.  
Atmosphere.  None.  
Drinks.  Big plastic touristy nightmares.  
Recommendation.  Go somewhere else!Everyone says dragos or acme has the best chargrilled oysters, which trust me, they are amazing, but in my opinion the crazy lobster has the tastiest chargrilled oysters in NOLA! Amazing jambalaya too! Fun atmosphere with fun drinks too. Our Bartendar was so sweet, unfortunately I can't remember her name. But she made it a great experience!The Rolling River drink and char-grilled oysters were delish! Great live music too. The service... AWFUL!!!  No other way to put it. Simply horrible. A guest from the next table was "watching me wait" as i was seated before she came. She went to get her entree, my entree and the check!  The check came with no pen before my entree did. C'mon Crazy Lobster , you have to do better! Its an awesome location on Riverwalk, it wasn't even crowded and the service was poor. Took so long I didn't eat the entree :(I've come here every time I visit New Orleans! It's quick, relatively inexpensive, and incredibly convenient, located right near the river, the hotels, and all the shops. This time, I got the catfish po-boy, which I feel like is a classic New Orleans staple. It was a little hard to eat - less of a sandwich, which is what I was hoping for. I had to eat everything with a knife and fork, which kind of defeated the purpose. The fish itself was great - well seasoned - but the rest of the sandwich was bland. Just dry bread with tomatoes and pickles. I also ordered the Voodoo Juice - which was delicious and worth the $12 - especially since you get the keep the souvenir cup, and refills are only $8! Overall, a quick, relatively inexpensive place to grab a meal.All the workers seemed not happy to be there . I get that you are at work and you aren't thrilled to be working but it felt like we were really bothering them by sitting down. It felt like very bad energy there is the best way to describe it . Our waitress was nice enough to us but she seemed overwhelmed...I think she had a lot of tables she was trying to manage by herself . 
    The food tasted decent but my boyfriend got massive food poisoning after eating here. We did try the char grilled oysters so of course we know there is a risk when eating something like that. But I would save your money for someplace elsewhere as there are so many good restaurants in the area.If you're hesitant about this place, check out trip advisor and see over 1000 reviews. 
Park at the hitlon because they validate.
The food was filling and we got to try a bunch of local river food that did not disappoint. Thankfully we had a Groupon. The servings were big, but humongous for the price we paid overall. Thanks poppeys for a taste of Louisiana.Great place.  Your typical Nawlins seafood place.  Had the Shrimp and Crawfish etouffe.  Incredible flavor and reasonable price.  Beer was great and serves extremely cold.  Next time to New Orleans it will definitely be on the must go to again!We went for a lunch with my bf and it was the most delicious food I had the coconut shrimp and was the best taste ever in my life!!Overall disappointing.  Had the crawfish etoufee, and it was bland.  
At a place like this you would expect the staff to be friendly and helpful, but ours was grumpy and unhelpful.  One of the poorest waiters I've had.Cruised in for a quick lunch, ended up gorging on a dozen oysters, a plate of jambalaya, and some gumbo. Servers were ok, outside eating area was nice and shady. Go with the category four hurricane!Yup - This is a tourist oriented place int a tourist oriented location. Prices are high so look for a Groupon (be sure to note restrictions) to make it more cost effective. 
We were there at a time that they were not busy so the service was Ok but not real quick.
Had the crawfish (3lbs with sausage, corn, potatoes @$25) which was good but too spicy despite my request for a mild preparation. Our sever fixed that by replacing my order. This added some time and upset the timing of the meal but was appreciated. 
Overall enjoyable but not outstandingWe arrived at 5:30 and the restaurant was empty. We were seated immediately. Our waitress took our drink orders, 5 sodas, and did not return for almost 20 minutes. As soon as she came with our drinks we ordered. My husband had the boiled shrimp, which were over cooked and difficult to remove the shells. I ordered a fries shrimp poboy. The bread was stale. I know the bread is typically crunchy, but this was beyond crunchy and tough. It was completely stale. We finished our meal and waited an additional 25 minutes just waiting for our check. The restaurant had picked up but we could not find our waitress at all!  Any husband went over to the hostess and asked for our bill.  We again waited 15 more minutes before our waitress came over and complained about the table she was waiting on. "I don't know why they gotta ask questions. The menu is right there!" Her attitude was horrible. The majority of the staff just stood around talking to each other, Even the management!  If you are looking for a good atmosphere and delicious food there are many other restaurants in New Orleans that fit the bill. This is not one of them!Food was ok, service was ok. price was expensive for what you got. but it was close to the hotel.I went to this restaurant with high expectations based off of reviews. I was highly disappointed.  I had awful experiences with Poboy's in the past and expected to have a decent one in NOLA. 
I ordered the Barbecue Poboy, which didn't come with any lettuce , tomato, or other vegetables as it was supposed to. Instead, I got a hoagie roll stuffed with shrimp that was smothered in some type of barbecue save concoction. The sauce tasted decent but it wasn't a sandwich. 
The service was awful as well. Our waitress didn't check on us at all throughout our meal. I would not suggest this to be on the list of places to go.If you're just plain starving, then come here. Certainly not good, but not God awful either. The crawfish etouffe was flavorless gravy on top of rice, but it did have a lot of crawfish tails in it. Gumbo was the same, flavorless. Bloody Marys were meh. Charbroiled oysters were pretty good, like a 6.5.There is an option to sit indoors or outdoors and we choose indoors. (It was 90+ degrees!!). The staff was very friendly and we presented our groupon. We ordered the taste of new Orleans for appetizers which was the combination of Jambalaya and Red Beans and Rice. For the main feast we ordered  snow crab clusters and the 2 pound lobsters. The appetizer tasted good, however the boil itself was too salty and the seafood did not taste "sweet" or fresh. 
The bill: We got the $30 groupon for $60 and when the bill came - we realized the 2 pound lobster cost $48. $48 for a 2 pound lobster??? Even in NYC you will not be charged this much....This place is great! i had the jambalaya and calamari. I have never tested it in this manner, it was sooo good and the the scenery was fabulous!Quite easily the best red beans and rice, and catfish!! Eat here...you won't be disappointed!! Service was pretty good too. I will definitely be back when i return to NOLA!The food was delicious.  Ordered the crab and lobster bowl.  EXCELLENT.  Our waiter Chuck, was great.
Highly recommendOur waitress did a really good job providing service among chaos. Around us people were getting wrong orders, wrong checked, people walked out without paying. It was chaos. I can't even describe the situation with the hostess other than it was kind of amusing to watch expressions on faces of people coming up asking for a table. It was like she really couldn't seem to figure out what to do...she would look at the seating chart...then all around..then talk to herself.  We finally just told where we would sit and she said OK.  There seemed to be several managers who were doing nothing but adding more chaos. 
That being said try he food was pretty good. I had a salad with fried shrimp and my husband had Creole pasta. It was a little overpriced but good..considering the craziness going on.  The music was great and while we were eating a beautiful full moon rose over the river.  
Kudos to our waitress who may have been the only competent person outside of the kitchen.  Oh, and the bus boy who was doing a great job.We went to this restaurant on the recommendation of a friend.  We decided to go on the 1st Monday Night of the Mardi Gras Parade Season, because we were able to utilize curbside parking nearby, after the parking meters expired at 6 p.m.  We also had a Groupon which enabled us to get $25 worth of food for $50.  Because various seafood items on the menu's cost fluctuates based on market price, we decided in order to be a bit conservative, we bypassed ordering alcoholic beverages, and ordered Arnold Palmer's instead.   There was a trio of a Lead Guitarist/Vocalist, a  Bassist and Drummer performing funky, upbeat music.  The view at the river's edge, just downriver from the Crescent City Connection twin bridges over the Mississippi River  was intriguing, yet very relaxing.  We were able to see several cargo carrying vessels and a large cruise ship while we were there, despite the foggy conditions.
Ann had a Seafood Bucket which was served on a large platter, and included Snow Crabs, Boiled Shrimp, Boiled New Potatoes, Corn on the Cob, Sausage and two small tubs of Melted Butter.  Bless her heart, she ate every morsel.  I had the Shrimp and Cheese Grits, served on a medium sized platter with lots of large shrimp, in a savory sauce, topped with the Holy Trinity.  I tried my best, but I just was not able to eat all of the Cheese Grits, and it had nothing to do with the taste, it was strictly about quantity... it was just too much.Piss poor management &service. Ordered fish plate and got chicken tenders after waiting for 45 mins. Manager refused to comp my order & took my plate away when I said I wasn't paying for it after waiting another 15-20 mins for the fish to arrive. They would rather throw it away before admitting to their mistake and giving it away for free.  Guess I wasn't the right color!!!!Don't let the casual appearance fool you. There is just something about a live band playing by the water in a restaurant where the food is awesome. You must try the 2LB LOBSTER. If you love oysters, they make a great starter and desert. A party of 3 or more should consider the $90 Seafood platter.This place and nice with a great waterfront view. Order the calamari appetizer! Wasn't a big fan of the gator nest appetizer.I took my family here for a birthday dinner, Food was very good ,the prices were a little high for the locals, But,  the prices were perfect for where you are, Your in the "Big Easy Baby"Even with the bad reviews, I figured it would be worth it to try the Banana Foster Cheesecake (which others raved about) and enjoy the view and band playing. Went on a Monday at 5:45pm. No lines, seated right away with a great view of the water. Service was fine. 
Calamari Appetizer - too oily, not hot enough. I wouldn't order again.
Crawfish Etouffee - not hot enough. Edible. Had much better elsewhere for the $17 price. 
Asked for the Banana Foster Cheesecake and learned that they stopped serving it, even though it was still on their menu! Big downer after reading all the great reviews about the cheesecake. Foodies can forget about coming here. I didn't try their cocktails but I think the bar might be worth a visit for the location and music. 
TIP: Get a map from the Riverwalk Visitor Center (same level as Food Court) which has a coupon that can be redeemed at the Crawdaddy store (lowest level) for a coupon book. That coupon book has a Lazy Lobster coupon for a free fried onion straw appetizer with purchase of entree.Are you a tourist? Are you too lazy to walk a block to check out any other restaurant? Do you enjoy spending too much money on cheap fried seafood? If you said yes to all of these, then you might as well eat here. If not, go somewhere else. I'm sure there's a place two blocks away that's just as low-quality, for half the price.The acting on the "reality show" Mystery Diners was incredibly horrible. Shame on you for participating in a show such as this for publicity sake.We ordered two of the seafood buckets but they were out of crab legs and did not offer a reasonable substitution. We ended up with a lot of shrimp, a lobster and 1 sausage all poorly seasoned. When our food was up and ready for table delivery we watched our waitress hold a full conversation with another staff member as out food got cold and only when we stood to walk over she gets it and delivers it. No napkins were given and noone ever asked how the food was. Oh and when we were getting ready to leave a bag of crab legs were being walked out the door by am employee. Terrible experience even for such a great price.Used a groupon and we ordered the Seafood Bucket.  Not too bad.  The mussels and clams were overcooked, but the lobster and shrimp were good.  Could have done without the crablegs and used andouille sausage to make it more Nola.  Definitely a tourist spot tho being on the river is a plus. Doubt that we'll be back.This was recommended to us when we arrived in New Orleans. It was very slow service and pricier than we expected. The food was good, but nothing was spectacular. There was a lot of food for the price even though expensive. Not sure I would go back.Definitely have to thank Groupon for allowing me to try a place like this for half off. This place has a huge variety of Southern local dishes and they were all pretty good. Oh and if you are hesitant as to why they have so little reviews, check them out on trip advisor where they have over 1000.
Bayou Catfish- Real good, comes with an order of cajun fries and hush puppies. My girlfriend enjoyed the puppies a lot and I thought the catfish was really good. Thin pieces, but I hope thats because these are fresh, and not farm raised. Props to them for using the real stuff.
Crawfish étouffée- Never had it in my life and so I cannot compare this to anything, but if you are a virgin to creole food, then you may like it because I sure did.
Alligator bites- Very tasty and delicious with the creole mustard.
The place overall is average for a New Orleans eatery, but they do have some pricey items such as lobster and seafood. If you can stay away from that, you can stretch your dollar.
Tip: Park at hilton- they validate.Super adore this place! Must have been our waitress, Brittany, who was amazingly sweet and helpful! I got the oysters which were a dozen for $18. They were yummy but werent filling. I actually got extra food to fill the emptiness in my belly. The alligator sausage was well flavored but honestly, the taste of alligator was diminished by all of the seasoning. The bread pudding was yummy and even though it was complimentary, it was a large serving.My experience here was amazing. The staff is super friendly, attentive and energetic. The bartenders are great and the food is delicious and full of favor.The service is great, the food is good but it's a little pricy and their steamed seafood selection is limited.Good spot. Very touristy but fun and great location being able to eat outside by the river and walk with lively music and fun service. Food is just ok as are drinks but its a fun place. The steamed seafood buckets are probably what you should get.This touristy spot had good food and a nice location. The only issues was the hostess that rolled her eyes and took longer than I would have liked to acknowledge us and seat us. Other than that it was an acceptable experience and I may go back again.I liked the hushpuppie the best. drinks are very watered down and not fancy. nice view. we had a group on so it made it worth the trip. had the steamed snow crabs and shrimp. tasty.Sick all night after I ate the Mahi. Could have been something else (no, i wasn't drinking, haha) but this was the last thing I ate that day, and the food was really just that meh.Drinks were GREAT thanks to Rochelle and thank you to the staff shucking and broiling oysters.  These were the best broiled oysters we had during our trip, you men out did the other restaurants, thumbs up to you!!!  We will be back for sure!!!Great service and food I really enjoyed the mahi-mahi sandwich. And their fries are excellent. I had a draft beer as wellThe food is great. We went twice and the wait staff was rude and acted put out to have to work. I thought maybe the first night the waiter was having a bad night so we gave it a second try...mistake. Thank god the food was good.Great seafood off the harbor with live Jazz and blues. really had a good time here.I love this place! I have never gotten a bad meal here and come here every time in visit New Orleans!!! Love, love, love!Lunched twice at this place, loved it. See my pictures in the picture list.
1st round: 1/2 dozen raw oysters, 1/2 dozen charred oysters, stuffed lobster. Raw oysters were fresh and juicy, the charred oysters for some reason were smaller size, but very tasty nevertheless.
Stuffed lobster was great. My being lobster aficionado, the only thing I can't stand is dealing with is the shell. And this dish provided a solution: tail split in half, and claw meat conveniently tucked away in the head shell. Crawfish and the sauce were delicious and rice was fluffy.
The 2nd round I had the next day were raw oysters, and a trout New Orleans. Oysters were perfect, and trout was great, I skipped fry outside, the meat inside was tasty and moist.
Both times used the 50% off Groupon, otherwise I would consider the place pricey. Some people reported that they were asked to use all of the groupon, but I had no such problem - they let me leave part of the groupon unused.
Sitting outside on the river front is a big deal, I love it and don't mind paying up. This is one of the very few places sitting right on the river, if someone knows any other - let me know.If I could give crazy lobster a half a star I would not even give it that there is no way in the world I should have to sit down and wait 45 minutes before I was even giving a cup of water for me and my loving wife and then that got it sits down at the next table after me gets his drinks and his order taken care of right away did not like that so I will go the three legged dog or dat dogHostess was not hospitable and seemed as if she did not want to seat us. We were told we had to sit inside. No one came to greet us or offer water upon arrival. We waited 20 minutes before we left because no one ever came to greet us, take our order or just bring water. The hostess just looked at us while we walked out and didn't Day a word. I had to cancel my Groupon as well. Bad service- would not return. Not a good way to greet tourist into your cityMMmMMM seafood and steak in the open air on the water!
Cons:
Tap water cost $1
The table was right next to the band, so the waitress and us had to yell back and forth to get the order in, this made the band sad..
Bathrooms were so small, I am not sure a wheel chair could have even gotten to the sink.
Pros!:
Under 20 for a huge steak with corn on the cob and potatoes!
All kinds of yummy poor boys and fried pickles.
The atmosphere here was great and the staff was super friendly, they had giant plates of steamed seafood that looked great.
I think to give a better review I would really have to visit this place a few more times.Both times here friendly staff and cleanest place we have come across with actually clean bathrooms for a change compared to most placesPurchased a Groupon last minute and went to this place on a late Thursday night so it wasn't crowded. Service was great. Our server Chad was super friendly and he was attentive. Prices were good with the Groupon. We ordered bourbon street combo which is a seafood boil with shrimp, corn, potatoes, andouille sausage and snow crab which was good for the most part. The corn was watery though. It wasn't super spicy and didn't have the usual overpowering old bay type seasoning. We also had charbroiled oysters which were delicious and a dish of red beans and rice. They also gave us some onion straws to try although I felt they were a bit bland. It's a nice no frills place to eat if you're in the area.food just okay. agree with other reviews, was over priced; although service was good.  go figure...Shrimp and grits were good but I wish the grits were a little more runny.  3 stars due to unenthusiastic/unfriendly service.The people were very nice and helpful but the food wasn't good and the place didn't seem very clean. It's very overpriced so you shouldn't even try it without a Groupon.Strong drinks. Average food and service considering the fact they are right on the water front, this place has so much potential. Live music was a nice touch, but turned off by the waitress who was also busing the table and sweeping up while serving us our food?!Stopped here after shopping at the mall to get a drink and appetizer. We had the calamari that was very good and fresh. I had the voodoo juice drink. Very strong...and delicious! Good overall experience while I was thereWe ordered a $41 lobster roll to share and the bread was dry and stale, lobster over cooked and chewy. When this was brought to the attention of the waitress, she actually told us it was not stale or dry--really? 
With so many wonderful options in the FQ, Crazy Lobster was a waste of time and money.  We waited for 20 minutes while asking staff and the hostess for our server to return with our check.Used a Groupon here. The oysters and calamari were good. The crabcake, jambalaya, and coconut were not as good. In addition to our groupon, we ended up paying $37 more (including tip).The food was good, but I sort of expected more flavor from a seafood restaurant in New Orleans. I ordered the jambalaya, and it was good but SUPER spicy. My brother got the etoufee, and that was really good. My parents got the gumbo, and it was good, too. Overall, the food was good, but I just wasn't that impressed with the place. What I can tell you from personal experience... it's a good place to stop by if you're freezing, by the Riverwalk, and starving.We love this place!  This is the second time we've dine at The Crazy Lobster, and it was as good as the first time.  Having a Groupon is pretty awesome because it's a bit pricy, but so worth it.  Voodoo Juice is a must for me every time we go to NOLA, on point all the time.  The Avita Amber draft was very smooth, I made him share .  The Char-grilled oysters were mouthwatering.  My entree was the Bourbon St Combo and it was delicious, the sausage was a bit salty tho.  He had the Catfish Decatur, and it was perfection.  Our waiter was great as well, friendly, attentive, but not too pushy.  Even the weather was great, just an overall great experience!  Fyi, those aluminum chairs are uncomfortable, makes your ass hurt lol!Great view, great music (we went on Sunday night and there was a live band).  The food was excellent; I had the shrimp creole, it was good.  A friend had the stuffed lobster which was outstanding. All six of us ate something different, and we all sampled each meal.  Everything was delicious.  The service was a little slow (there were 6 of us and four meals were brought out, and there was a noticeable lag before the last two meals were brought out), but overall, I'd go back.My wife and I went here for lunch. We ate outside to enjoy the great view of the river. The live band that was playing was excellent, however it did take our server a very long time to introduce herself to us after we sat down. We waited so long for a server, that the hostess who sat us came back to get our drink order and told us that a server would be right with us. This was around 12:30 on a Sunday afternoon and the restaurant was not busy at all. It took another 15 minutes to get our drinks to us, and then probably another 5 minutes after that before a server finally greeted us and took our order. The only other time we saw our waitress was when she gave us the check. Didn't check on us once.As for the food, the food was tasty-we enjoyed the oysters and the cajun fried pickles. The shrimp and grits were pretty good as well. I did think that the food was slightly overpriced, and I wish I had known that they had a Groupon special.
Overall the extremely long wait and slightly high prices is what will probably keep me from coming back. The food was pretty good, but simply not worth the horrible service and long wait times.I've eaten at the AJ's in Destin, FL so I was hoping it would be similar in service and great food. I'm only giving this place1-stars because of the great live music. My husband and I were seated outside which was nice but only because you had a view of the Mississippi river. Our waiter pretty much ignored our presence until the hostess realized that 20 minutes after seating us we still didn't even have drinks. What made me angry about the situation was that another couple was seated after us and he tried serving them before us. Keep in mind that this place wasn't busy we were one of three tables that were occupied outside. When we finally got our orders taken, I ordered a sweet tea and received an unsweetened tea with an overabundance of sugar that had settle at the bottom. If that were the case I would have preferred to add the sugar myself rather than take a sip filling my mouth with sugar. I ordered a Maine Lobster, the food arrived fast but that was its downfall because I received it under-cooked. There is nothing more disappointing when receiving an expensive dish only for it to be borderline inedible. Don't waste your money here and if you plan to try going indoors, the service might be better but I can't even promise that.This restaurant was alright, nothing like I was expecting. When being seated the hostess didn't make eye contact. Our waitress was really nice. The food was okay nothing  special for the price. It was a bit expensive. More than likely will not be backWe visited this restaurant on 5/24....
Food was decent but service was awful. We had a party of five. We ordered appetizers and sandwiches. The waiter automatically changed our orders from sandwiches to full dinners with out asking! He never brought out our oysters and when we reminded him 30 min later he acted annoyed and didn't even apologize.  Our bill was over $273 and he so nicely added a %20 tip on to our bill...which was so very thoughtful of him. I always tip well and don't complain but this was ridiculous.  He never checked on how our food turned out, didn't get us refills, silverware, napkins or water. He wasn't friendly and the restaurant wasn't even that busy!  When we asked him about the reason for the added gratuity on a party of 5 he rudely said "that's how they always do it in New Orleans" When we asked about him about changing our sandwiches and appetizers to full meals he said "welllllll YOU didn't specify". 
What a disappointment.Definately a bit of a tourist trap kinda place. Name seemed so authentic. Food is high priced especially for what it was. Nothing here really that's worth getting. I would try somewhere else beige going back here again.Waitress was good, very sweet. But, warm white wine in plastic cups with overly breaded crawdads. Skip this unless you are desperate for a drink.When I arrived at the restaurant the mood was good. Everyone was into the food. I like that the drinks come in souvenir cups. I ordered $4.99 fried dill pickles, $15 combination plate w/red beans & rice, jambalaya & gumbo and $26.99 bourbon seafood bucket. Everything was delicious!My sister and I went to the Crazy Lobster our last night in New Orleans. I ordered the crab stuffed lobster with crawfish étouffée over white rice.  This dish is enough for two people :-) I couldn't eat it all, but it was very tasty.  My sister ordered the shrimp and crab broil with corn, sausage, and potatoes.  I tasted the shrimp, and it was very tasty.  If you don't mind working a bit to remove the shell from the shrimp and crab legs, this is also a tasty dish!  The Crazy Lobster is right off the water and seems to be a decent place for a date.The charbroiled oysters here are the best I've had in NOLA so far! I give them a 5. I've given the restaurant because it wasn't all fabulous. The gator bites were good. Not too spicy but with good flavor. The Bourbon St boil was disappointing. The shrimp was good except for the few mushy ones  and the snow crab clusters were so salty we couldn't eat them. We weren't offered a refund or another batch, it was 9:30 and they were closing down shortly. If you order crab boil, I suggest you ask them to not use so much salt! Dominique, our server was good.Both my boyfriend and I felt extremely ill after eating the steamed seafood bucket.   Sadly we spent the rest of the day throwing up.  Other than painful nausea and frequent trips to the bathroom, the service and atmosphere was fine.Our first trip to No in 2012, our steamed  seafood bucket was, succelent  & Perfect, which was why when we returned in 2013.  WE wanted to make this our recurring restaurant.    This trip OUr steameed lobster, shrimp, crab legs was horrible.  They were old, chewey,flat,  We figured out quickly that the chef put mostly old and a few new shrimp in it and  1 of of lobsters were not eatable, the other just ok.  It had no sweetness,  We waited to eat this day become of the volumne of food, it was around 2.  The manager came by and ask if we wanted another beer.  I said, honesly the meal was horrible and i was very disappointed.  She made every excuse that it was overcooked, but did not offer to replace, bottom line i told her what I knew,  "was not born yesterday'.  She only offered a 10% off ticket.  OUr meal was 120.00.  So if you go to this place, make sure to demand fresh seafood.  Cause we defineatly got the old or low quality seafood this time around.  Definately  a hit or miss :-((   
San Antonio, Texas
The JacksonsThe food that we had was not good at all. My fiance had the combination of crawfish etoufee, jambalaya, and red beans. He said the jambalaya was dry, red beans had a strong taste of pepper and had a bland taste, and the etoufee not good at all. The etoufee had a brown gravy, more like a gumbo or stew color. That meal was $19.  I had a creole fettuccine type dish with shrimp. It contained mushrooms, a little bit of spinach, and also a brown gravy. The best part of this dish was the shrimp. It was okay, but not worth the price of a $23. We had the firecracker  (may be naming it wrong )shrimp, but that was the best of the meal. We typically don't like much fried food, but those shrimp didn't have much of a greasy look or taste to them. That's what we like. The sauce was like a sweet and sour taste, but definitely enjoyed that. Our total btn everything was $67, including one drink bc I got a water with lemon. It is pricey for the taste. I understand the location and seafood costs more, but they need to find a way to make this food taste better.  I love the location.  We went in September 2017 and although we were outside, not one mosquito came by us. The atmosphere was enjoyable.Bacon Mary was delicious. Loved the spicy green beans. The actual bacon was lomonamd tasted greasy. 
Coconut shrimp was okay. The shrimp was flat like little pancakes with a shrimp tail. 
Oysters were fresh and delicious 
Now to the disappointment, 
Bounty of the Sea had no flavor and was severely over cooked .  Everything was so rubbery We didn't even finish a 3rd of it, which even though our server was friendly she didn't seem to notice . For $90 I would have like to devoured the whole pot.Got the Cajun seafood pot for the wife and I.  We both highly recommend it!  We were worried that the food wouldn't​ be up to snuff since it's in a tourist area and sometimes you get bland food that is passed off as Cajun and the tourists don't have a clue.  We both, however, were pleasantly surprised to find the food to be quite delicious and spiced just right and cooked to perfection.  We will without a doubt be back for more in the near future! Service was also excellent, the wait staff is very attentive, my hats off to the management at this fine establishment.Appetizer jumbalaya is plenty big but expect very slim pickings on your protein in the dish. The flavors were spot on amazing.  The heat shaker on the table is not too salty.  Great live band and great space, too expensive overall and skip the bread pudding.  Service was good.Wish I had read all the reviews before we ate here today.  Very disappointed in the quality of the food and the prices were outrageous.   For a cheeseburger, 3 items off the kids menu,  and 4 drinks we paid a little over $70.  the food wasn't very tasty, my kids didn't even eat their chicken tenders because they said they were hard and dry.  Fries were.too greasy to eat.  Overall it was a waste of money and service was slow.  Learned my lesson this time.My wife and I went to this restaurant on the recommendation of a bartender. Wow what a major mistake. We should have gone to any fast food restaurant. I'm saying giving them 1 star is generous. The service was horrible. My first clue should have been when we arrived after 6pm on Friday we were the only customers. The staff was very nonchalant in their approach to us. We felt unwelcome. When we ordered our food it took over 30 minuets to get it. The corn was way over cooked, as well as the shrimp( chew) the lobster(very over cooked) the crab-legs (well let's just say it was all over cooked. We spoke to 3 different managers who did nothing. They were looking at purses. The kitchen manger or so he said he was was very rude with his headphones in his ears. The food was inedible. My wife was upset because that's what she wanted all day. Needless to say after being disrespected by one manager, and the other 2 not doing anything. We left their never to return. I say to you unless you enjoy over cooked food you and Horrible service don't ever go to This Place. In the photos you see the dark over cooked corn and then you see the cold on the inside replacement corn.My wife and I went here for lunch and we both ordered boiled crawfish.  The crawfish had decent size and a very good taste.  I wish the crawfish had a little more spice, but they were perfect for my wife.  The atmosphere and service were both good as well.I don't see reason for bad review. It's decent place with good food. Nice view of waterfront with view of steamboat. Good service. We found Groupon for $27 for $60 of food. I would come back again, if in New Orlean and I can get Groupon deal.Really pleasantly surprised by our experience. Bought a $30 Groupon for $60 worth of food and drink and sheltered here for a late lunch during a thunderstorm. Service was good and attentive and we tipped on the original, before groupon amount (in excess of 20%). I got the fish tacos with the "Cajun sauce" (ground mustard based "sauce"), but it was filling, the catfish was perfectly done and I enjoyed it. It came with tortilla chips and no salsa, so I was a little disappointed. Hubs got catfish and shrimp platter that came with fries and he devoured it. Son ordered off of kids menu: cheeseburger and fries and tore it to pieces! 
We splurged because of the Groupon and got dessert. Hubs tried mango cheesecake and we tried key lime cheesecake. We got the better deal. Definitely go for the key lime. 
Would give 5 stars except for some food issues: no salsa for tortilla chips, ketchup container empty at table, mango cheesecake really quite bland and overall not satisfying at all. And it was EXPENSIVE and VERY TINY PORTION SIZE!
So if you go, I recommend the fish tacos, just ask for some salsa for the tortilla chips. And definitely splurge on key lime cheesecake for dessert!!!Great food and great service! A groupon brought us in and we would love to come back if we visit NOLA again. The server Pam was a joy; she offered us great recommendations and was an amazing, attentive server. My boyfriend and I watched her go above and beyond for other colleagues and guests. 
The food was also great! My companion ordered a seafood pasta dish and the seasoning and presentation made it standout! I was also very happy with my catfish and shrimp. Great river views and live music!Service sucks! Seafood sucks!! (and is over priced) 3 people got sick from the food! Never again!!Nice scenery was nice, but Little birds flying around your table. The gator nest appetizer was great! Crab legs bucket were very good. Nice staff and good serviceI sent this e-mail to The Crazy Lobster last week regarding our experience...
Yesterday my husband and I accompanied my son on a field trip to The Audobon Zoo and Aquarium with approximately 500 other students and parents. The buses dropped us off at the aquarium around lunch time and we had a couple of hours to kill before our meet time in front of the Aquarium. We decided to go through the Riverwalk mall and walked passed the Poppy's bar and grill before  entering and I decided to get a small Hurricane before entering. After getting my drink we realized the mall was closed for construction and had to make other plans. At this point, since we really didn't have time to walk back to Jackson Brewery, we decided to  get my son something to eat at The Crazy Lobster. 
When we sat down at our table and we were greeted by our server. He did not tell us his name. He was a tall, larger man with half of his hair greased back in a ponytail and several tattoos. We were there at 1 pm. He asked what we would like to drink and noticed that I already had a drink from your other restaurant on the other side of the fountain. He asked, "Did they let you in with that?"  I told him yes and apologized saying that I didn't realize it was a problem because I thought they were the same company. He says, "Well it is, but we will talk about that later" and takes our drink order. 
We looked at the menu and just really wanted to get my son something to eat. He decided to order outside of his normal comfort zone of hamburgers and chicken fingers and went for the shrimp pasta. My husband ordered the jambalaya and I wasn't that hungry. I just figured I'd have a bite or two of theirs. The server came back with our drinks, took my son and husband's order then asked what I was having. When I told him I wouldn't be having anything he gave me this glaring look of disgust and says, "You aren't ordering?!?" Very loudly. I told him "No, not at the moment."  I had been contemplating on ordering a different drink and was already perturbed because the hurricane I had ordered just tasted like powdered drink mix. 
My son and husband's food come to the table and the shrimp pasta was awful. It had no flavor whatsoever and my son even described the taste to be similar to glue. I tasted it and so did my husband and he was right. It had no flavor at all. We tried to add salt and paper to make it edible but that didn't help. We alerted our waiter and his response was, "Well, these kid's meals are usually targeted for 3 and 4 year olds so they can't really put much spice in them". Needless to say my son didn't eat it. None of us did. The jambalaya my husband ordered was delicious. It's sad the pasta couldn't have been as well or that he couldn't offer to replace it with something more to his liking or take it off of our bill.  My son asked the server about his cookie.  It says on the menu that all kid's meals come with a drink and a cookie. The waiter's response was, "if we have any, I'll bring you one."  Now, keep in mind that we had just ordered an $8.75 drink from one of your restaurants that was undrinkable and was making me nauseous AND my son has just ordered an $11 kid's meal that was inedible and my child is still hungry. Now your server is telling me he's probably not even getting his cookie. He did manage to come up with a 2-pack of Oreos... Thank goodness. 
While we were sitting there waiting on my husband to finish up his meal, the table next to us was closing out their tab. It was a credit card I'm assuming. The server came by, asked the two young ladies if he could take it and when they said "yes" he opened it up in front of them. He was apparently NOT happy with whatever tip he did or didn't receive because the server then proceeded to tell the two girls, who I'm sure were extremely intimidated by a guy at least twice their size, "I just want to let you know that as servers we only make $2.00 an hour and just so you know, it is customary for you to leave at least 18-20% tip if you are AT ALL pleased with your service. I thought I did a pretty good job waiting on y'all and it's kind of an insult to me to get anything less". That was only part of the conversation. He went on and on..
We asked for our check and left immediately. I was livid at this point and there were many other people from our field trip there, as you can imagine. I have never been treated so rudely at a restaurant and can not even begin to imagine how those girls felt. I don't know that we will ever be back to any of your restaurants. I can overlook a lot of things in the restaurant industry but blatantly rude servers is not something I will ever tolerate. There were, like I said previously, approximately 500 people on our field trip alone. I think it would be a great loss if none of those people or any of my other friends and family were to never return to your establishment. 
We received an apology and promised a $20 gift card that I'm sure will NEVER be used.Best thing about this place is the address. Slow and very poor service, mediocre bordering on bad food, and overpriced. Nothing really authentic about the food either. Zatarains from a box is just as good as this place. Wouldn't surprise me if that's what they used. Save your money for a better value and experience someplace else.Wondered upon Crazy Lobster looking to see the river at night.
We were greeted and seated, the place wasn't packed at all on this Tuesday night.  The waiter named PJ, brought our drinks and provided so much guidance on what to order as well as what was good and what to avoid.
Went ahead with the Lobster and Steak, opted out of the sautéed veggies and potatoes.  Subbed in a salad as well as some Cajun fries.
The meal was great, can't complain one bit, the butter sauce was flavorful and before I left, I took a stab at the Bread pudding.  All I can say is, it was absolutely delicious, the sauce was on point.
It also helps the cups you drink with, you can take as small souvenirs.  The bill came out to $40 for the Lobster & a small salad.
I will be returning, the service was superb and good was delicious.Decent touristy food. Took 45 minutes to sort out our 4 way split bill & get our change.The oysters were great.  Not hard to "cook". 
Service was ...okay.  It wasn't busy, but a server clearly had their baby in and everyone was opting to see the baby, not serve the patrons. 
Almost a fight within the staff to get someone to serve.Been here two different times. Live music and great food and drinks. Our servers have been super friendly and helpful.I had the crab cake Po'Boy here and it was nasty. I had only half of one before getting turned off. 
I carab cakes that I'm use to eating are made of lump crab meat not mushed-up crab meat. The cajun fries were the bomb though.  High priced but good atmostphere with live band playing.
Service was about as good as you can get it in NO. Seems all the servers have a take it or leave it attitudeTerrible place! Don't come to this place! Such a rip off for tourists! The food was terribly cooked. It was cold and terribly presented!The Crazy Lobster was a true epic NOLA experience. My husband and I sat on the patio facing the mighty Mississippi and listening to live music. The weather was perfect for the patio and the atmosphere was spot on. We ordered the Crab cakes, Bourbon Street Steam Pot and Gulf Shrimp Steam Pot. The crab cakes were perfectly seasoned and extremely fresh. I highly suggest this for your appetizer. The steam pots did not disappoint!! They were a huge portion and could have easily been shared. My steam pot could have been a bit more spicy but that did not stop me from eating the entire pot! (no shame in my game) I highly suggest you use the bib they give you. The shrimp are shell on and super juicy!! You don't want to ruin your clothes while devouring this delicious pot. 
Ravean was our waitress and she made our experience perfect! She was super attentive and nice. 
This will be a spot that my husband  and I will be returning to when we are back in town.First time in New Orleans, not knowing where to go I checked Yelp.. Service was great, our server was friendly and loved the shrimp and crab legs. He really took the time to help us recommending places to park, ways to get around for cheap, and options for off the beaten path places and deals to check out. Being a Monday night it was fairly quiet and I appreciated that after our 8 hour drive. Location is beautiful, would be amazing in warmer weatherAbout average nice view of the Mississippi near the mall!
Food was standard 
Dessert cheesecake was great 
Dessert bread pudding was not good
 Fried seafood was OK 
 Grilled oysters was too gummy
Service great 
Overall 3 1/2 starsThey say it's really hard to find a "bad" restaurant in New Orleans, well this is as bad as it gets. It was five of us and the food we ordered was absolutely disgusting. The lobster in the lobster salad had a terrible odor, I almost threw up. The fried calamari's color was a mixture of red, blue and purple under the batter. The firecracker shrimp was as sweet as syrup. The waitress brought out the wrong items three times to our table and we waited 45 mins to be served. The salads we ordered were not fresh.  She said she forgot to put it in The appetizer items so everything came all at once. I was so disgusted, we just left all the food, paid and walked out. So much better food to eat here in NOLA. Skip this one.  On a good note, sitting outdoor alongside the Mississippi River and having a cocktail might work well here. The outdoor ambiance was nice.Service was terrible. Food was average. Don't waste your time or money here. One star for being convenient (close to Hilton Hotel).Two stars because the view is great and it's an easy stop for a quick bite to eat. Our server was fantastic but the food seemed a little slow to come out. I ordered the Shrimp Creole and it was awful. I couldn't even finish my meal. This place seems like a tourist trap because of its proximity to the river but please don't think this is what New Orleans food is about. Maybe it was just the entre I ordered because my date seemed to like his enough to finish it. He's also a 6'2" man so maybe he was just hungry lol. If you decide to stop here I'd recommend the boiled seafood options or a fried shrimp poboy basically anything that's not authentic Cajun (i.e. gumbo, etouffee, red beans, jambalaya, or creole pasta)
I will say the Bloody Mary's looked killer! So maybe give that a try.Although the prices on the menu were pricey, there is a great deal on groupon right now ($25 off if you spend $50). We came here for lunch and just ordered drinks and a few appetizers. The coconut shrimp was amazing but only came with six. Their specialty drink (voodoo juice) was okay but I would probably not order again. It was a little too sweet for my taste. The restaurant is hidden next to the water and ferry entrance. It is a nice atmosphere.Scenic View with Average Food
Two of us went here to eat on a groupon. We have been here before and enjoyed it. It's a touristy place situated right on the Mississippi River at New Orleans and as usual is a pricey touristy spot. We ordered stuffed lobster: blackened lobster stuffed with crab meat dressing served with jambalaya and an appetizer of firecracker shrimp. The lobster dish is enough for two as we split this dish among us. The stuffing was flavorful but evidence of crab meat hard to detect. The jambalaya was flavorless and I have had boxed store-bought jambalaya much better. The lobster was a bit on the dry side but did have flavor. The appetizer was basically and Asian like fried shrimp over shredded cabbage with sweet spicy chili sauce. It was tasty and we enjoyed that dish.My first Yelp review because I feel it is necessary to state that the manager was extremely rude to me for no reason.
If you ever eat at this place watch out for the large blonde haired manager. 
The food was decently good, I sat with 9 family members and friends on the Monday before Mardi Gras so it was obviously busy. The waitress was good for the circumstances. 
After we were done eating I walked inside and asked two employees standing at the front if they had coffee, both said yes and that I could get it in a to-go cup from the bar or my waitress. We were finished and paid out at that point so I thought it would be easiest to go up to the bar to get it. The bar was semi-busy but I was able to find two seats where I sat and waited patiently, I even chatted with the guy next to me. My boyfriend came in to meet me and I was explaining to him that I had ordered the coffee and was waiting for it and to pay but I wasn't sure what was taking so long... the blonde manger interrupted my conversation and rudely told me that they were busy and they would get to it when they could because the coffee wasn't behind the bar. 
Every other employee at this restaurant was nice (especially being busy season) but this manager eavesdropped on my conversation, interrupted me and made me very upset.
Please learn customer service skills, if the owner reads this review I hope s/he fires your incompetent ass.Worst, over fried dried bread lobster po boy Ive ever ordered.  Because I tried to eat it by forcing three bites down they only took off 50% of this 48 dollar sandwich.  I'd give negative stars  if I couldWe got great service.  We got the lobster boil with shrimp,  clams, mussels,  snow crab and sausage. The lobster was tougher than an over cooked steak, the shrimp would tear apart when you would try to peel it. The bloody Mary was awesome. Im willing to try again later.we ordered 2lbs of Crawdads they were so yummy we ended up fighting over the last one. our waitstaff was amazing Darrell & Ohm your the bomb. The Voodoo Drink is a mustCame here for our third dinner in New Orleans.  We had a groupon as well.  Place is very cute; on the water and would be great in the summer.  
Waitress was very nice.  He ordered the bourbon tea which she recommended.  First drink wasn't very strong but after he mentioned that to her she brought the second one much stronger.
We both ordered the gumbo. It was good but not as good as other places we visited (Oceana) on our stay.  We also had the firecracker shrimp.  The portion was very large and shrimp were fresh but they tasted like sweet and sour shrimp from a Chinese restaurant.
Boyfriend ordered the Taste of New Orleans.  He doesn't recommend it because all items come with rice.  This caused him to enter a food coma and bother me while I enjoyed my food.
I ordered the shrimp and crab combo.  There was so much food I didn't even get a chance to touch the potatoes and sausage.  It was so good! 
Live music was good.  Would definitely recommend it especially if the groupon deal is still available.First of all, I really wanted to like this restaurant. The location is great as it sits right off the Mississippi River and you can hear the jazz music play as you walk by. Maybe it was a fluke, but I have to admit this restaurant caught me by surprise--and not in a good way. From the moment we arrived, it took about 15 minutes before our first waiter greeted us by asking "Have you been helped yet?" Then realizing what had happened, three others came by asking the same question. When asked about the snow crab and lobster dinner, the description provided by our waiter was incorrect as we were inquiring about the amount of crab served with the dish and received significantly less than explained. I had to get up to look for my own tea refill and then again to locate some steak sauce. My fiancé ordered her steak medium rare and it was cooked incorrectly. What amazes me is that the wait staff acknowledged that our experience wasn't the best, but still charged us full price for our salads and didn't even offer a free appetizer/dessert. We would have most likely declined any free offer, but at the very minimum the gesture would have been appreciated. This restaurant has amazing potential based on its location off the Mississippi River and across from a very busy hotel, but I regret having had our last meal in New Orleans at this establishment. For a $100 dinner (no alcohol), this experience was far less than satisfactory.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. I am a huge seafood girl. This is my second time here. Staff is always friendly and attentive. Food is always yummy. Lobster was seasoned so good and was not dried out. I would eat here everyday if there were not sooooo many options in New Orleans. Will be back before my trip is over. Tony was fantastic.I love this place.  My hubby and I choose bar seating every time we go. The bartender remembered us and we remembered her after a 2 year gap between trips to NOLA! Delicious food, decent prices and a wonderful bar tender who made our experience here totally amazing !!! It's a super convenient location on the river and close to the outlet mall.  Also across the street from Harrah's......BONUS!!!!  We will return EVERY time we are in NOLA! ! Just be sure to opt for bat seating for the fastest service.!!!! Try the crawfish boil and char grilled oysters! !!!!!!Very good service from Quanita (sp). Oysters were good, calamari was good, rest was a tourist meal. So many great places to eat in NOLA for the same money look around, there is better.Food was good but the restaurant is a pit. All the condiment containers were filthy and sticky.  The bar area was dirty. Sitting at the bar you can see into part of the kitchen,  bad idea given the cleanliness of this place. 
Had I noticed all of this before I ordered I'd have left.We found  a Groupon for this place so we decided to take advantage. I think it was $30 for $60 worth of food, (honestly don't remember that part). We had the Pasta Orleans, shrimp po-boy, red beans and rice, and Creole gumbo...they didn't skimp on the shrimp at all... Food was good, service was somewhat lacking perhaps because it was late, but it wasn't anything to make a scene about. Wouldn't mind going there again, if the Groupon deal is still available...We went as a family and were very impressed.  We were greeted by a very kind staff (and very attentive).  The food was absolutely wonderful, although the bread was bland.  The atmosphere was great....on the waterfront and had live music which was nice.  The place is large, so there was no wait despite the number of people we saw there.  We WOULD DEFINITELY RETURN.  Only downside is finding the place and finding reasonable parking.Great place to rest your feet and have yourself a cocktail and wath the river pass you by. 
The free music is a great bonus too!The service was excellent! The entire staff was more than accommodating. I loved my crab legs! We also used a Groupon and everything went smoothly.Started out by waiting 10 minutes at the front for the manager to seat us who was walking around handing out waters. She saw us standing there and kept passing waters. When we finally got sat there was 8 of us and they sat us at 2 small round tables. There were plenty of tables and that's where she sat us. We then ordered blood marys which were $14 and were bland. Not impressed for how they advertised that they were awesome blood Marys. We ordered the bucket broil and were told they didn't have enough crawfish to add into it. Really?? This is New Orleans and they have no crawfish. We waited 35 minutes for fish tacos and a Cesar salad. Poor service. Food was alright and service was ok. But overall very disappointed for what we thought would be a great mealGood was great and service was good. I stormed while we were there for lunch so we were glad we got enough food to eat while waiting it out.Not a great atmosphere but the Oyster Poboy was fabulous!!!As a tourist I have been to many differant food chains. It took 15 minutes for a waiter to take our drink order and when we finally got it 10 minutes after it was taken, it was wrong. Everything on the menu sounded good but when we got our food it was wrong. then after we got it the second time it tasted nasty. All the waiteds were old guys that to me the restarant hired off the streets. when I asked for a iceed tea refill the old guy said "didnt I just bring you one". As he spoke he was spitting all over the place. This has truely got to be the worst place to eat that I have ever been to.I will never visit this place again. The service was very sub-par. The waitress was unfriendly and pretty much disappeared after she served the food. We had to flag her down to get any service. A couple of us had the "Taste of New Orleans" and it had no flavor. This was our first time in NOLA and we were so looking forward to the Cajun cooking. This restaurant made us think twice about Cajun food. BTW, they charge for water. Will definitely give them a 0 Star if I could.We heard about the crazy lobster from people on tbe street. We made our way over and Found a seafood delight! We had grilled oysters fish tacos and alligator. All really tasty and satifying! The atmoshere was fun and upbeat! Great place to start off a New Orleans vacation! Our bartender Bree Bree was personable and knowledgeable.Ok so me, and my family vist this restaurant, around 9:30pm. We all order our food all of my food comes out cold. I mean cold like they took it straight out of the cooler, so I wave down our sever and told her about the good. She takes the food and bring it back in about 3mins, And it and it's still cold. So I ask to speak to a manager and the manager (Tim)
Comes to the table and say how can I help you . I go on letting him know what hyouappen and he's just looking at me like I have two heads. And all he say is do u want me to take it off ur bill as he takes my food away. He never once said sorry or ask me if i wanting to fix my food or if i wanting something else just took my food and left me with nothing so I just sit there and watch my family eat. It looked like everybody just wanted to go home. So I just stopped at a gas station and got a couple chicken wing and i got better sevice there.
So I will never and I do mean never come back to this place.This restaurant has a neighborhood feel to it. It's very much casual/ take it as you see it. The food is somewhat pricey as compared to the others, but the drinks are cheap and potent. 
It's located not too far from the riverside. Be careful getting here as you do have to cross the streetcar & railroad tracks which do not have a bar or any notification besides their horn that a train or trolley is approaching. 
Food was just ok. The gumbo was decent & the fried shrimp was more salty & had an odd aftertaste than anything else. As unremarkable as I found the food, it was filling. 
The voodoo juice was worth the $12 and the customer service was great. If in the area again, I doubt that I'd visit again. However, it's not bad enough that I'd discourage you from coming.Love the gator por boy and the superb shrimp and grits. The music was beautiful as well as the ambience. Love the whole package.Great atmosphere and nice staff but the food was about the same as Joe's Crab Shack. As wonderful as New Orleans food is, this was a waste of an awesome food opportunity. If this was any where else I would say it was good but foe NOLA not so much... tourist trap.It wasn't terrible but the prices are way too high for what you get. Crab legs were tiny. Probably better off hitting a place like Joe's Crab Shack for better food and a better value. Staff was nice.Ok so I'm totallllly kicking myself for missing out on this Groupon, but since my friend purchased on; I was still able to get more food for the price of less.  
Anywho... this place has really great boiled seafood.  Season just right & portion size appropriate as well; it was my first time here, but it definitely won't be my last.  
Outdoor seating, a live band a view of the river... I mean add some rays of sunshine & a Saints game & we've just gotten a little taste of heaven.  
We ordered steamed snow crab legs & gulf shrimp, with all the fixings of course (potatoes, corn & smoked sausage); 2 adult beverages (Bourbon Street Tea & The Lobster Smash).  Let me say, I went here for seafood, not food-food.  So in that that was the case, I wasn't disappointed.  I was actually quite pleased with the boiled seafood, the corn & pototaoes, ehhhhh but as I stated, I came, saw & conquered the SEAFOOD.  The drinks were decent & I was able to catch a buzz, that could've been because I had nothing else on my stomach, but whatever the case, I was buzzing; so many times you go to restaurants & you don't catch that buzz on the 1st drink, ehhhhhh but anyway. 
I plan to return, unfortunately without a Groupon, that made our final price all the more appealing; but returning nonetheless is the plan.First review in an effort to help you avoid wasted time and money. Reviews were mixed but my husband wanted lobster. We went there late on Sunday night and it was clear that the staff was tired and wished we had not come in. Not a great start. Ordered fried claw tips, 90% batter, hush puppies, clunkers. For dinner, cup of gumbo for me, one bite was enough but still billed for it. Husband ordered crab stuffed blacked lobster with craw fish sauce. Crab stuffing is bread, no crab, lobster not blackened but so overcooked and chewy it was impossibe to eat, craw fish sauce, big mess. Paid for that too.  Overall the worst meal we ever had and been dinng together for 25 years!Mediocre food. Mediocre service. Bought the $25 for $50 groupon so I won't complain. FYI- you will be charged for every soft drink/tea refill.The bar service was slow, out of stock on IPA drafts and some bottled beer.  Ordered the wedge salad and the bartender gave me flimsy plastic silverware, saying they were out of stainless?  Dining room guests appeared to get regular silverware though. The place was dirty and watching the chefs was unappetizing at best.Good place for a quick dinner, food was good, I had the shrimp and grits, it was a nice portion and the service was friendly.Good location and staff was nice.  Not enough staff- had lots of people waiting with numerous open tables, but not enough staff to cover.  Had the oyster's and they were ok.  The $25.00 boiled shrimp was over cooked, which made them hard to peel and tough.  Won't go back and won't recommend.Went there Sunday 1/15 at 7 PM; looked cheerful and some nice blues from a band attracted me. After 3 days of fine dining in New Orleans, I wanted to go to something local, on the water and not fancy to eat some local seafood. the band closed-up and left just as I started eating (a little after 8 PM!). The Abita beer and raw oysters were OK; the oysters could have been cleaned better. My big disappointment was the "bucket" for one (lobster, rock crab, dungeness, clams, mussels, shrimp, potatoes, corn): it was brought along with the oysters and it was overcooked! It tasted like they were treated and pre-cooked and dropped in the pot before serving. The waitress was inexperienced and just said sorry; the manager/owner (?) did not even care enough to stop by and address the issue. I would NOT recommend this place.Ci sono stato con degli ospiti perché in quel giorno era l'unico ristorante ad avere posto per 18 persone.
Che fregatura! Questa è la parola esatta!
Il posto è davvero mediocre, al limite del deprimente, senza neanche una tovaglietta e ti servono da bere in bicchieri di plastica! Il servizio non lo commento per compassione..
Per l'amore del cielo evitate di andare in bagno! Che schifo..
Il cibo non è malissimo anche se non certo memorabile.
Peccato che alla fine per dei secchi con frutti di mare (discutibili) e aragosta ci abbiano rifilato un conto da 110$ a testa bevendo birra! Purtroppo nella confusione del locale non ci siamo resi ben conto di quanto stavamo pagando se non quando eravamo già per strada. A ripensarci credo proprio che ci abbiano fregato gonfiando il conto! Postaccio!Really good food. Co workers enjoyed it. Catfish was yummy, wasn't too fishy. Shrimp creole was great! Spiced but amazing. Jambalaya was ok, strong after taste. I wouldn't get it. 
They have a lot rules about dining. No separate checks or no more than two credit card transactions. And many more.Not too bad, but as the rating says "Meh. I've experienced better."
First off, if you're gonna go here, make sure you sit outside. Located in Spanish Plaza on the Riverwalk, Crazy Lobster has a pretty great location. I don't understand why anyone would choose to sit inside. Yes, it's hot in the summer; but watching the river while sipping a drink is the best thing about this place.
I have been a couple of times and I always get a variation of the same thing: onion strings, fried pickles, buffalo shrimp, deluxe seafood bucket. They are all pretty good. But if you're looking for more authentic New Orleans styled seafood, then this is not your place. It's fresh, but there's no real spice or seasoning to it. 
Also, it's kind of a tourist trap, so it can be pretty expensive. Be wary of the "Market Price". In New Orleans, there are way too many cheaper and tastier choices.Amazing crabs cakes and great drinks !! Highly recommend this place !  Outside tables have great view but we sat inside to stay cool !