This is one of those places you need to stop by after dinner in the area - especially on Wednesdays when beers are $5 and you can take home the unique glasses. The outdoor patio area is so great, but get there early because it gets super packed.Came as highly recommended from a friend I trust, however I was surprised to find out that the bartender wouldn't let me "taste" a beer before I bought it. I never heard of that in a bar like this (usually bars with lots of craft beers - on draft - let you taste things you never heard of), so I got duped into a $9 beer that just wasn't remotely what I thought I was being recommended... closed my tab and left. I guess I'm just supposed to know what every beer tastes like before walking in the door...  Cool atmosphere though. : /Good beer selection and the bartenders are great about leading you in the right direction when it comes to trying new things. Be careful, though: it is easy to buy an $8-$10 pint.
The patio is cute, which everyone knows really means cozy, which really means small. I know this is a dog friendly establishment (ONLY on the patio), but I could not imagine bringing my dog when the patio is full. There simply would not be enough room. So, if you plan to bring your pooch, plan for the least busy of times.Awesome beer selection and a really cool outdoor seating! They have great flights and some fantastic beersHappily walking along Magazine Street, I suddenly realized my GF was missing.  Turns out she got stuck at a jewelry store 10 blocks back.  So I went into the Bulldog to wait for her to catch up.
Good choice!  Many beers on tap, and many more by the bottle, in addition to the many mixed drinks.  I am not used to drinking this early, so I figured a coffee stout and a chocolate stout would be the best early afternoon drinks.  Yum!
Friendly bartender, but she wouldn't sell me the nice Bulldog - save the animals t-shirt.  The only way to get that shirt, she explained, is to drink 10 pints, then turn the empty pints in for the shirt.  I didn't get the shirt.The Bulldog is a great place to get a beer. Located in a great spot on Magazine Street, you can enjoy the pub-like scene inside, or hang out on the lovely patio and people watch. Fun to watch a game or hang out late night on Wednesdays and keep your pint glasses. They have a great selection of beers and always interesting ones on draft. I'm knocking some starts off because I just haven't had that good of experience with the service and the bartenders. Maybe they don't like college kids or don't like girls, but most of the bartenders that I've interacted with have not been that friendly. I'll keep coming back, but won't be trying to make small talk.Great patio on Magazine street with lots of trees offering shade, just watch out for the bird poop! The patio can get quite crowded on a nice day making it difficult to navigate, but we are all friends here so what the hell. 
HUGE selection of beer! They have a full bar so can make your basic no frills cocktails as well. The happy hour is decent. They also have a great grub menu for when hunger strikes! Did anyone say waffle fries? 
The bathrooms are also clean!My girlfriend and I were looking at the menu in front of the order window behind another person waiting to order. There wasn't anyone behind us but as soon as the person finished ordering, the dude behind the window said to "hurry up of you're ordering food cause I got a lot of food to fry." I was literally waiting for the person ahead of me to step out of the way. Jeez. Then I ordered an appetizer first. I received an annoyed, somewhat mocking reply: "It's all coming out at the same time because we're really behind." I'm sorry but anyone who is going to talk to their patrons so rudely and unprofessionally does not deserve my money. We walked out, so I can't speak for the food, but it was one of the worst service experiences I've had and we'd only been in the place for a minute-- the service at Amici was far more welcoming.Awesome place. Went Wednesday and it was super busy. They had a deal where if you ordered a pint of beer you got to keep the glass. Loved the atmosphere. Bartenders were fabulous, especially Olin.Great bar with cold beer and an awesome patio. Staff is the friendliest is the city. A can't miss when visiting New Orleans.Great beer selection, both draft and bottle. I love trying out local brews when i visit a new city, and this place has plenty to offer. Prices are very affordable compared to other places in NOLA (like the $8 bud light i bought in the french quarter). The outdoor seating is abundant and very nice. Cool fountain and heaters for when it's chilly.Everything was just OK, but then I was treated rudely and condescended to by a bartender. I waited a couple days to post this review because I was so angry. I will never go back because of you. I don't know your name, but you are listed as BAR200 on the receipt. You know who you are. You do not need to be working in a customer service role. No telling how many other customers feel the same way I do. You made an otherwise pleasant evening into a mess.
6/15/2016 - OK, I was expecting someone at this establishment to care about my negative experience, and to respond to my concerns. Apparently not...
Changed to 1 star.
6/20/2016 - I did receive a private message from the owner and a manager. It appears that someone does care..I detailed my experience. If it were my business, I would want to know about it.
Changed back to 2 starsSolid beer selection, TVs for the sports people, pretty good bar food.  
Outdoors is dog friendly and has heaters for the colder days.Dogs at a bar? That's really cool right? Yes. If you disagree you are a communist. Good selection of beer. Good location on Magazine. Good Patio for chilling out. Decent bar food.Stopped in here with a group of people which turned out to be a great choice as we basically took over the spacious patio area and had a great time. The bar staff was very welcoming and handled out group quite easily even though we more than doubled the amount of customers at the time. I can see this being a really great place to just hang out and have a few drinks from time to time. Great decor and chill atmosphere.Stumbled into the Bulldog after walking around Magazine St. We were very hungry and we both ordered burgers and waffle fries. Maybe it was because we were so hungry, but these burgers were outstanding. The fries were very tasty. Great atmosphere and good service. Place was busy and it seemed like a local hangout. We will definitely return on our next trip. Very large selection of beer.Keep your pint glass on Wednesday nights is pure genius, especially with all the different designs that Bulldog puts on their pint glasses. You are definitely tempted to drink more and see which design the bartender bestows upon you next. The selection of drafts to choose from is pretty impressive, so it further encourages you to drink more beer and get more glasses. It's a pretty good deal too since my Abita Amber was $4 and the pint glass alone is $4 on any other night. The next great idea after this is starting a support group for people who are obsessed with collecting Bulldog pint glasses.
My friends and I had a great time at The Bulldog. We met some fun people, and really enjoyed playing Buzzline Trivia. My friends even scored high enough one round to place nationally... their moms would've been so proud. It's a busy crowd on Wednesday night, but coming from NYC that's expected at any worthwhile bar. I'll be back to collect some more glasses for sure!I am giving this establishment four stars based on bar service and beer choices! Let's just say, you don't come to bulldog for an great meal. It is considered bar food. The cheese fries resemble something close to glue and sandwiches such as the buffalo and mahi mahi come out tactless. But don't let the food stop you from coming here and having a great time. Outdoor seating is awesome with an on tap fountain inside cool and sometimes gets crowded and staff is super friendly!Fantastic craft beer menu in a great part of town. It was nice to get away from the craziness of the French Quarter. They had 2014 KBS on tap and a lot of other good drafts and bottles. The food is meh (wings, fingers, etc.) from a hole cut into the wall. You have to order it yourself and pay for it on your tab. The guy insisted that the bartenders don't share tips with them so ended up tipping twice. However, the star was the beer. After Avenue Pub, this is my choice for craft beers in NOLA.This is my favorite place to hang out in New Orleans after the first crisp wind of Fall comes rolling in, or the first chirps of Springtime. The Bulldog offers a comfortable patio, nice grub, and an exceptional selection of brews. 
When the seafood market across Magazine Street is open, you can walk down and order a big bag of boiled crawfish, boiled shrimp, boiled crabs, or whatever is in season, then you can head back to the patio at the Dog and hang out with your friends and your furry friends. Nothing better than that!My wife and I have been eying this place for months following our move here.  We like how inviting the patio area was and the beer and food selection.  When we moved here, my wife was several months pregnant so we decided to put it off and visit once the little one arrived.  We wanted this to be our first family restaurant outing at the patio.  Unfortunately even though there was ample outdoor patio seating, we were refused as patrons because the Bulldog apparently has a no baby policy--even at the outdoor patio area along the noisy Magazine street at 1pm on a Friday afternoon.  i totally understand wanting to keep up your ambiance as a "hip" pub, but I have to say that's pretty douchey of this establishment to ostracize those with little ones wanting to sit outside along a noisy road. Especially newborns that sleep all the time anyways.Tons of beers on tap.  Also, pretty solid late-night food.  My roommates and I are still pretty much exclusively using bulldog pint glasses even though I haven't lived in New Orleans for 3+ years. 
Favorites are: Wednesday night, you get to keep your pint glassesI thought this place a cool bar with a good beer selection on draft.  The vibe was cool and it wasn't all divey with a bunch of old drunks, it had lots of young drunks in here too ;)
The beers were cold and the service was good; I would definitely go back for a drink or two.  I recommend this place and think you should have a drink here; sorry I cannot recommend the food because I didn't eat anything other than hops.Four stars cause it is what it is. Beer garden with outdoor seating and a ton of beers on tap. It's a beer room made of wood, so there's that sunken in can never get the beer out of the floors vibe.
Food is... Middle of the road. Basic bar stuff, but good. I ordered a supreme bbq chicken, and an extra chicken breast on the side for my dog. (3.99 and huge) we got sweet potato fries ala carte. Lil overdone but hit the spot.
The guy who cooked my food was so funny and salty I loved him. You order at the window, separate from the beer bar.
Took my dog here as a stop on our daily bike ride and she can hang on the patio, there's plenty of water for them out.
Any place that allows dogs is automatically gonna get an added star. Being able to take her with me and run errands and eat lunch is everything. 
Pretty decent beers. College type beertenders who are knowledgable enough and definitely nice. 
It's the bulldog. It's not going anywhere.
Wednesday night is pint night where you get to keep one, or donate it back and they'll put money towards animal rescue.
Yes indeed.The Bulldog is great if you're a beer fan - I'm not, but it's still pretty great. You can bring your dog to the patio and they have water bowls for them. It's a nice place to sit outside in the fall or spring.
They have pretty good food, too. I always get the mushroom burger with swiss cheese and it's very tasty. The people who work there are cool and attentive. It can get crowded at night, especially on weekends, but the bottom line is that if you're hungry, thirsty, and wanna chill with your pooch on a patio, go to the Bulldog.Awesome for Wensday nights ! I have a cabniet of just Bulldog pint glasses ! and im not going to stop anytime soon !!!!Went on a Thursday night chill crowd not to packed the perfected amount. Sat down inside ordered a few beers with friends. Ordered a side of the small waffle fries( should have gotten a large they were delicious). The bull dog is always a fun place to be. Especially Wednesday if your into collecting their pint glasses. Although it can get a little crowed so get there early.Not bad. Big beer selection. Some great stuff. More common good stuff. Beer lovers place. Beer snobs, not so much. Would be alot better if it were smoke-free. Outdoor patio is great. Staff was pretty attentive.They have a huge courtyard/patio. On Wednesdays, you can keep your pint glasses (if you remember). They're dog friendly. Great beer selection. The Tulane/Loyola crowd loves this place. Amazing cheese fries. And so on and so forth. 
Although I could definitely use some new pint glasses, I loathe going here on Wednesday nights because it gets SO packed (and, evidently, in my old age I've become one of those people who hates crowds). Generally, I try to avoid this place if possible. Don't get me wrong, it's a great bar, but for whatever reason I've never been in love with the place. What can I say?
The Bulldog on Canal Street is far superior to the Magazine Street location. It can get crowded, but never quite as obnoxiously so as the Uptown location. Also, the courtyard at the Mid-City Bulldog is pretty spectacular AND there's a TV outside so you can watch Saints games while also enjoying the fabulous fall weather. But I suppose I should really be telling you this via a review of the other Bulldog. Oh well. That's what copy and paste is for!The Bulldog patterned itself as my perennial first stop when I'm in my favorite city. The beer selection is out of this world (and will be when  possible.) I appreciate the chance to sample the brews before committing to a $5 pint. We've all been stuck with an extra stout that just won't go down now haven't we? The staff is quick to take orders though I wouldn't mind if they were a tad more conversational during non peak hours (don't you judge me.)  
I could, and have, spent many an afternoon watching football here and it does get extremely crowded, i.e. standing room only, so arrive early because indoor seating is limited.  
If you love beer, dogs, and beer, The Bulldog is for you!If you want to be judged for not loving craft beer or disliking social norms of daily society this is your place!
But, if you don't love 700 calorie "heady crafts" you should probably go elsewhere. 
With a rude staff and terrible food I love bringing my friends who live out of town here!! 
All that being said, place probably rakes in cash. Good for them.Beer fan?  Where are you???  Come here beer fan!  My GOD this bar has LOADS of beer on tap to keep you satisfied.  If your're a beer fan and have been here and don't like it.   Um, there's something wrong with your brain :)  I like beer, but am the kind of person who drinks one and I am full.  :)  ( I"m a wine advisor...whatever)  So, I like the crowd that comes in here, and I love the area.  I miss this area.  I do.  I lived off magazine st before Katrina.  LOVE magazine st.  But this is about the dog.  Good food, great beer, cool people.  xoI go to The Bulldog quite a bit.  Being a an of beer and always looking for new beers to try this is one of my go to places here in town.
The outdoor patio can get pretty congested during peak hours, but people are normally pretty friendly and you can find a place to squeeze in.
I wouldn't recommend going on Wednesday night (Pint Night) if you don't like being around the college crowd.  It's pretty cool because you get to take your glass home with you, I have a number of them all with pretty cool sayings.
The fact that I can bring my dog makes it even better.The Bulldog is one of my favorite places in the city and I have been going here for years.  As a girl who likes good beer, The Bulldog has a fantastic selection of both bottle and draft.  If you can think it up, it is pretty much a guarantee that this place has it.
I prefer this location over the one on Canal because it's smaller and has a more intimate feel.  I know that this might put some people off, but I love it.  It makes mingling a lot easier, and you meet new friends when you share a table with someone.
The bartenders are always attentive and go out of their way to accommodate me, even if they are busy.  Don't hesitate to ask for a sample of a new draft before you pay $5 for a pint.  They are also quick to give a good recommendation on something you might like, if you tell them what your "regular" is, and you are in the mood to experiment.
Big screens above the bar make it great for game days.  Get here early for Saints games or major sports events, because the place gets packed!
The food is good and cooked to order.  My fave is the Abita burger.   What I think I love most is that the patio is heated during cold months, so if you are one of those people who is more comfortable sitting outside, you can still have a good time.  Oh, and dogs are welcome on the patio!Large Selection of beers. Pretty cool. Came during mardi gras. Was served promptly and the bartenders were nice. We got there too late to try the kitchen. Try a beer flight- they have many to chose from.Cool courtyard, lots of beers. They ran out of the mooo moo beer that I wanted to try. That was as sad. There is a cool vibe here and they play hip hop so I like that.*sigh* I recently reviewed a beer joint in my current town and it made me reminiscent of all of the good times I've had at the Bulldog. Honestly guys, you don't know how lucky you are to have not one, but two of these joints in your city, don't take it for granted.
Sure now that I live in Miami, I have places that have 118 beers on tab but are ridiculously overrated, give me the classic 30 draft selection from the Bulldog any day and I'll be a happy camper. Just enough of a selection to make a difference, but small enough to hit the comfort zone. Talking about comfortable, I dream about  the chilly afternoons at the outdoor terrace, when they would turn on the fire pit and you could sit with your buddies enjoying the amazing weather and beer. And what about spring time? when you could grab a couple of lbs. of crawfish from Fishermans' across the street and bring them over to share them with friends over a pitcher of Abita Amber?
And if all this wasn't heart breaking enough, how about their weekly specials?? My favorite was $4 pint night on Wednesdays, when you could take those awesome glasses home. I had a sturdy collection in my apartments' kitchen. It broke my heart having to sell them back before moving, but I couldn't take them out of the town, those glasses belonged to New Orleanians. 
And wait...those wedges!!! with cheese, when  you are drunk they are the closest thing to heaven, almost as good as their tex-mex rolls with the kickass creole mayonnaise!!! AAHHHH
Seriously guys, if I still lived there, I'd be there every day...I love the staff there, a bunch of free-spirits and artist (but who isn't in New Orleans really)...go grab a beer in my honor, I'll be there in spirit.If you looked in my kitchen cabinets right after college, you would've found an array of amusing and entertaining pint glasses from the Bulldog. Alas, 4 years later, I'm down to about 4 and everyone is a reminder of some night I don't remember...but it was probably a Wednesday (keep your pint glass night) and I drank a lot of beer. It was awesome. The Bulldog is one of the few bars in NOLA that actually checked Id's before serving you...shocking. I know. Kept the underclassmen out though. Good times.Great service and selection of beer.  Think rainy Sunday, beer, and cards... great place!Thank god for NoLa natives, cause with this many bars in one city, it takes a seasoned veteran to tell you the best places to meet your tolerance limit. 
Three words: Beer Tap Fountain. 
Yes, a fountain spewing forth glorious liquid (sorry alchies, it's just water for this one), out of an uncountable number of taps atop a brick wall on the patio. Lets just say, the beer gods would be proud. Bow down and pray, you unworthy souls!
The Bulldog represents one of those bars you go to at the far end of your night when you're not necessarily looking for any experience more than a damn good nightcap (and a beer fountain, DUH). A decent dive on the interior, the ambiance changes immediately as you move out to the patio and soak up the a) humidity, b) social scene and c) say it with me now, fountain-o-beer (taps). They maintain their reputation with an extensive list, including two kinds of Shiner Bock (+2 stars!) and Leffe (one more star!). I have no idea what the food is like, but again, I wouldn't see myself coming here at any point other than one where I simply needed liquor.
The last and final star goes to the announcement at the end of the night that it was "take home your glass night." Say wha? Yup - every Wednesday night you keep your pint glass - and then you collect all the others so that your entire apartment is nothing but pint glasses from The Bulldog. Best-promotion-ever. Needless to say, free souvenirs and damn good ones at that!
Thanks, Bulldog, for knowing I'm poor and greedy. And thanks to you, full of kickass beer.Walked here after the Garden district tour and lunch at Commanders Palace.  Great bar!  Tons of beer to choose from and the smells coming out of the little kitchen were great.  Later read that the bar food was highly rated, wish I ordered something.   So many beers, such a beat up liver. 
Dog friendly too.Highly unimpressed. There is no service (you have to order everything at the window and get it yourself), everything was overcooked, and everything was WAY overpriced. We all ordered burgers which we ordered medium rare to medium. They all came out well done and tasteless. $11 for EACH hamburger and they didn't come with anything. You can't even get waited on here. Not sure why the food is overpriced when they don't have to pay servers or hosts and it's not high quality ingredients. The only plus is that there is a pet-friendly outdoor patio.Horrible. Crawfish banditos dropped in oil while frozen. Cold in the middle. Sent em back and got the same thing. More than half the beers taps were out. The beer that was on tap was warm. The gal behind the bar explained that they didn't have C02, which is why beer wasn't cold. Uh, what? Same gal asked for a credit card to hold until we paid. She ran card without our permission (we wanted to pay cash). Had to get Manager to credit card, which was so frustrating we just went with the card.  Overheard cook tell another customer they no longer served ground beef, yet they have a bunch of burgers on the menu. Don't even want to know what that's about.Good place for an afternoon drink if you enjoy beer.  Amazing selection! I ordered a flight of local beers for $6, hubby ordered the boot, both were pretty good.  Nice to hang before it got too crowded.  Comfortable for a couple of older than college age folks!Just crappy service...after we got our beers...we had to do everything else ourself. Our appetizer came w out with our meal and one sandwich wasnt even ready when everything else was. Restaurant prices...mcdonalds sevice and its still just a bar with out door seating.
This is just a bar.Good, basic beer bar with a great atmosphere.  Really good beer selection, food is pretty basic.  The best part about this bar is the shaded outside patio area.  Dog friendly, right on the street, and lots of shade. Great place to kick back for a few good beers on an afternoon.We've all been to this type of place: lots of beer on tap, electronic trivia, some scorecard to prove you can drink massive amount of beers from 'round the world and spend $$$ there to do so. There's a patio, a complicated system to order food, and it appears to be popular. The staff has its charm, but you kinda have to dig to find it if it's busy.
So, here's my likes...um...it's not far from home.
Dislikes: bar food is quite ordinary, and I was sad to be sober while eating my burger. I'm sure it would have been fantastic if I were drunk. Bartender didn't know how to make a vodka gimlet. Went outside to get a break from the smoking. It happened to be raining outside, and the owner decides the protective tarp should be no longer be protective to said patrons.  So, back into the smoky bar...
The deal-breaker: if paying with plastic, an automatic 18% will be added to your tab, regardless of the size of your party.  I'm sure I'll find a place to love down here, but the search is still onward and upward.It's obvious the guy who owns this place is doing well. 
The attitude we got when encountering the help was that we were just lucky to be there. 
Bartender requested pymt before he even served our drinks.
You order your sandwich from a limited menu, then the guy in the window was out of the  first three things we ordered. They do get busy with 20 somethings. Apparent that they support.the place. Luckily there are several  other places up and down the street.Absolutely appalling service.  It was the champions league final and they refused to play the sound of the game, despite the entire bar being full of soccer fans.  When asked why, the male bartender responded that he didn't like soccer and that he doesn't think it's a real sport.  He told me to find a bartender who cares.  I'm sorry but 50 customers are buying beers from you BECAUSE of the game.  I suggest after counting his tips that night he bow down and show some respect for the sport that brought his customers there.The staff was incredibly rude. Starting with the food pick up window the cook say "don't break yourself" when I walked away to get change for a tip. I still went back to tip but bad and rude to say. 
When I asked the female bartender what beer she would recommend from the dozens they offer so she slaps a menu on the bar and says "there's a menu"..... Any decent bartender would have offered a recommendation.... Rude service.awesome spot on magazine street.  if you consider yourself a beer connoisseur: 1) do not talk to me and 2) you'll probably fall in love with this place.  they told me they clean the tap lines "once a week" which is 52 times a year more than your average bar.  clean taplines = better taste and it also indicates an establishment that stands behind the quality of what they sell.  they have some sort of "drink yourself into oblivion club" and a small window for food service(this might be only for late-night food versus a full menu during normal hours) with adequate bar food - lots of fried objects.  
my favorite feature are the picnic tables stacked up on the sidewalk out front so you can drink pitchers of beer on hot and muggy spring|summer|fall nights.  never a better feeling than loading up with a few pitchers and then walking out the front door.   good people watching and, depending on the night, a boisterous college crowd makes for a solid blackout night on a weekday.  plus, they let you keep the pint glasses on certain nights.  sadly, my pint glass provides tips for visitors one of which reads: "if the levee breaks, everyone will die.  no one seems worried about this problem either."  i suppose it is a testament to the will of the people of NO, nothing is a problem if you have enough cold beer.
JCTSFR: 1.08This place is one of my favorites in nola. The draft selection is great, the people that go there are nice and friendly. Wednesdays are the best, and you get to keep your pint glasses which always have different cool designs. The best place to sit is in the patio. Dogs are welcome :)Beer selection good and patio is lovely. Service was borderline rude, food was straight out of a bag and a freezer at Costco. Worth it for a drink, but definitely one of the few places we've found around here where you can get a truly lousy meal.Dustin was full of beer knowledge and very helpful. Lots of great beer on tap and great conversation to be had at the bar.a pretty average bar environment... with loud folks and smokey air... but, the beer list is definitely worth a trip!  i didn't get a chance to try the food though...I really love this place but I came here on Wednesday to watch hockey and all of a sudden the bartenders starting trash talking the sport to the customer right next to me. Completely unnecessary. Otherwise.....Beer selection is great. But god forbid you want to watch something other than football or basketball, don't bother.Great spot. On hopping Magazine Street, The Bulldog offers a countless and varied beer selection and a pretty fantastic outdoor patio (equipped with heat lamps for those chilly 65 degree NOLA nights -- you spoiled jerks!). 
Nothing quite like sipping some delicious Paulaner on tap, perfectly poured, while checking out a bad ass water fountain made of all of Bulldog's draft options. 
Oh, did I mention they have James Boag's? They have James Boag's. First round on me!Great beer selection. The buffalo chicken sandwich is incredibly good with the jalapeño cheddar bread. Only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is that it's all self serve and you have to go to two different counters to order food and drink. Aside from that it's a good spot.We have visited this bar many times, the beer, location and decor are great. However, the last time we went, the bartender was EXTREMELY rude. I don't think you should feel like you are bothering the bartender when you want to order a drink. I was not the only person in my large party that felt that way. Food is Meh.Recently moved to NYC - and so miss Friday nights at the Bulldog! A least I have a number of Bulldog glasses to remind me of the great times.I really like the bulldog and I drink there all the time. Staff is always very friendly and accommodating.Great place for good beer, staff is friendly and knows what they are doing, I would recommend this bar to anyone visiting New Orleans or living here.This is my absolute favorite hangout in NOLA! I HATE beer and I found an amazing one here at The Bulldog! It's a Red Woody and I highly reccomend it!! 
The food is off the wall amazing! The cuban wrap and Porter fries are the most amazing thing on earth!! YUM!The beer is good, but I've had better selection down the street at avenue pub. Te bartenders are not the best. They are not the typical jive New Orleans people.Poor customer service. The guy bartender acted like it was an inconvenience for me to ask questions about the beer. On the plus there were plenty of beer options but it was like pulling teeth to try to get him to serve me. I had one beer and left. Disappointing.In general, I'm a big fan of the Bulldog. I love the extensive beer selection and the outdoor patio that's dog friendly. 
My three-star rating is a reflection of the outdated menu they have. I ordered the "California fire-grilled chicken" which says it has this raspberry vinaigrette dressing that my boyfriend completely hyped up for me and then... womp, womp, womp... no dressing. I even went back to the ordering window to ask and they simply replied that they don't use it anymore (dismissive shrug).  
UUGGHH. I would've ordered something else had I known.
My first bite of the sandwich sans vinaigrette was tasty. And then it just got more and more bland as I proceeded. Mind you, I still polished off that sandwich like nobody's business but I left unsatisfied and kept thinking what huge waste of calories that was! 
I'll be doubly annoyed when I have to the hit the treadmill to burn off those worthless calories. 
My cohorts also got the pulled-pork sandwich and crawfish banditos that they devoured and proclaimed delicious. However, they're boys who eat indiscriminately so I dunno how much I believe them. Bitter much?Wednesday Pint-Night is an all day affair. When you order a draft beer, you get to keep the pint glass. I enjoyed the weekly Wednesday happy hour and now my kitchen is outfitted with Bulldog Pints. 
The reason I gave three stars to the Bulldog is because of the food. The food is tasty bar food, and they have a wide variety of bar food. When I would come for happy hour, naturally, I wanted to eat dinner, but there were hardly any healthy options. This left me looking for other happy hours that served a different genre of food.The bar is so cool. Lots of options for beer lovers. The bartenders are just so very unpleasant.. Like most of them..Stumbling into the Bulldog was quite honestly driven by the appeal of their outdoor beer garden. After purchasing your beer at the bar the outdoor space is perfect when the weather is nice. I noticed many bars in the area have invested in well adapted outdoor TVs which I predict are prefect for big sporting events. The tap handle fountain is a nice touch and adds to the ambiance while enjoying a brew. For the most part I learned that New Orleans does not host many whales or high rated/ highly sought after beers but this was one of the better selections in our journey. Craft beer in my opinion is going through a second revolution where there are many breweries that are now standing far above what has always been considered "craft". Many I had this week were perfect for the situation but nothing mind blowing except for the Juicifer I had here. I am self admittedly riding the haze train craze hard and it was exciting to see if offered on draft here. I never want a beer to overpower the existence of a gathering but sometimes I can't help but geek out on the high quality stuff. Overall though a really fun bar and excellent spot to enjoy a pint with new or old friends.The food at the Bulldog is really decent. It's great bar food with awesome New Orleans flair. Although I've never experienced the atmosphere, since we usually order take out, it looks like an awesome little british style pub.
That being said, their phone service is horrendous. They offer takeout, but don't want to provide it. Every time that we have ordered over the phone the gentleman who answers is rude, impossible to work with, and flat out nasty at times. Our last experience was the worst. 
During the Saints game our guests decided they would like to get some burgers. We suggested the Bulldog, since we really do enjoy the food. We had 6 orders to place. Your basic burger orders (medium rare, cheddar and bacon, may and lettuce), some crawfish banditos and wings. Nothing special or strange for their menu. The man on the phone literally complained to us as to how long it was going to take. "Do you know how long this is going to take!? We're really busy here!" After suggesting that we could take our business elsewhere, he begrudgingly took our order. He was rude, asked us to repeat ourselves constantly and continued to make comments about how long it would take. 
After placing our $100 order he informed us that it would take about 45 minutes to be ready. That's not even an insane waiting time! 
Overall, our experience today will probably stop us from ordering their food ever again. It was shocking and somewhat disturbing that an employee would complain about a customer placing an order. We are very displeased and hate that we won't be able to enjoy the food anymore. Whoever this gentleman on the phone is needs a discussion about customer service and loyalty to your job. Or maybe he just needs the boot, because The Bulldog just lost customers.Great beer garden, decent bar food (burgers, fries, chx sandwiches), knowledgeable barkeeps.Love going Thursday nights with my husband and dog!I always have fun here. They have a really great beer selection. The patio is awesome, unless its insanely packed, which is most of the time. Great for chillin out with friends on a nice breezy night. 
The bartenders and not nice at all. Especially one guy! Always gives me attitude. Sorry you hate your job so much! 
I hear the bar food here is pretty awesome, but never have had it. Pint night on Wednesday is great. They let you keep all of your glasses!I went there last night for a friends birthday, and had a great time. Tons of beers on tap, and super friendly bartenders. Sarah and Roy were especially great and made the night. Definitely recommend everyone to go!I often fantasize about frolicking through a fountain of Abita. The Bulldog is the closest I can come to that, since they have a fountain and the water comes out of Abita taps. This joint is the epitome of Nola dive bars; dark, cheap, and with an insane collection of beers.
My love affair with The Bulldog started many years ago, when I often, er, borrowed their hilarious pint glasses, which had the bars logo and hilarious sayings/facts about New Orleans. Now I am older, wiser, and can afford my own cups, and I just go to enjoy a cheap pitcher. In fact, when my roommate and I flew in to Nola, we took a cab from the airport directly to The Bulldog, suitcases and all. We sat outside, enjoyed the sun and a few Abitas, and waited for our friends to get out of work. Can't think of a better place to kill an afternoon.This place gets 5 stars for the insane double Bloody Mary's they serve on Sunday's for $3.50!!! Incredible. So good, great flavor and fun accompaniments such as the olives and spicy green beans (dilly beans). This place is a hole in the wall but the honey hole for cheap, strong drinks!A nice sunny weekend afternoon puts me in the mood for the Bulldog patio. Unfortunately, it puts everyone else Uptown in that same mood. Yes, the Bulldog has a good selection of beers on tap, cool tap fountain on the patio, pretty decent food, and is in close proximity to crawfish (Big Fisherman) that you can eat on the patio. However, I think the inside is pretty bleak. It's always dark, usually kind of crowded, and the bartenders are not the friendliest in the world. My advice is to come to the Bulldog on a nice afternoon during the week- not a Wednesday! Grab a pitcher (limiting your trips to the bleakness inside) and hopefully you and your companions can find a table in a corner of the patio (and not at the picnic table). Enjoy your beers and food in the warm sun before the rush occurs at night and go home happy.We stopped here because Slim Goodie's down the street had a small fire and was closed unexpectedly.  Burgers were good, and waffle fries with cheese are hard to beat, but it was a complicated process and took forever to place the order, and the guys in the kitchen were kind of...not quite rude, so let's say abrupt.  And they forgot one of our items.  The crawfish banditos were only so-so. 
The beer selection was impressive, and the prices for pints seemed really reasonable.  The bartenders were polite, but I never got asked once if I wanted a refill on my diet Coke.  OK, it's not a money-maker, but even if I'm not drinking alcohol at the bar, it's plainly evident I just spent over $50 on food, and $2.25 for 16 oz of soda. Is one refill too much to ask?
The place was crowded on Monday afternoon, and it can get tight sitting at the bar--lots of personal space invasion.  It's also loud inside.  Very.  The patio was packed, and they do have a very cool fountain made of beer taps outside.Love this place! Great beer selection. Cool patio. Great bartenders, especially Erica!Drink prices weren't too bad. Really loud inside. I didn't order any of the food. 
Outside, it's a nice place to sit and talk. That draft fountain is pretty cool. The tables are super close to each other. There are a lot of tables though. It's nice that someone comes around and clears the tables of empty cups. I will probably return if I'm looking for a place to just hang out.We had such a good time here last night! Drinks are good and well priced! Rex Mex Egg Riles are so yummy! Great atmosphere, really fun!!I know you think that you're super cool, bartender, because you work at The Bulldog but that really doesn't give you an excuse to be a rude a*****e.
That being said, I will still go back, because my girlfriend just moved into a new apartment and draft night is good for the free glasses. Also, their burgers are good.Last night (Thur 27 June) was our last night to vacation in New Orleans. We wandered in the Bulldog for a night cap. We were greeted by a very friendly and knowledgable bar staff. While the entire staff was friendly, talkative and helpful, one in particular (Chris, I believe) helped guide us through a tasty array of local craft beer. His knowledge of craft beer and local beer in particular helped to create a wonderful send off for us. Wish we had you in Austin. We look forward to returning to New Orleans and the Bulldog. We had a great time.  Thank you.   JefeI will always love the bulldog, although I really miss the one in BR. Laid back, chill. This one is good for grabbing a drink for casual conversation.Sarah is the best. Very knowledgable and real. Easy to chat with. She has a great memory for beer and what I like.I have a special place in my heart for this bar.  The one night I was here ended up being the real crowbar that pried me out of my shell.  It was half-way through a working trip to New Orleans with one good friend and a bunch of total strangers, and we were letting off a ton of stress. My brain and body were tired; my spirit flagging.
I arrived a little late to the party, and the place was completely packed.  
I discovered an actual budding love of beer there. It started with a pint from a pitcher at a table out back, under heat lamps. It was quickly decided that food must follow, so I went inside to order. Upon nearing the bar, a pint was thrust into my hands. The third and fourth I somehow ended up double-fisting while waiting for the food to arrive. I think the fifth arrived shortly after via a second-hand bar order. All these were on tap, excellent pours... Flying Dog, Franziskaner, Warstener: good stuff.
I did, eventually, get food and return to the table, with some wobble in my step. I have no idea whether the food was good, but it certainly disappeared quickly. I seem to remember the theme song from The Dukes Of Hazzard playing in the restroom. The night was loud, crowded, rowdy, and drunken. It's not the kind of thing that I'd necessarily go for every night, but at that point in time, it was exactly what the doctor ordered. I left rejuvenated.Sunday morning at 11:30.  The beer was cold and the burger was cooked perfectly and tasted just as good.  I would highly recommend for the beer choices.  Even though they were getting busy post Mardi Gras marathon..the service was good.Great beer options and pretty good food too. Bring your dog and sit out on the patio!They hired the dumbest guy at the door. We were two, both in our forties, and he asked to see my ID. I only had my driver's license from Quebec on me but he asked for my passport. As if I'd bar hopped with that on me! I told him that we were both in our forties and he refused to let us in. 
What a moron.3.5/5 it is what it is
i think things like pint night is fun. none of my drinkware match, and thanks should go to the bulldog for at least helping me get uniformed size glasses going. i think they have a good selection and i like that there's food. even during the warmer nights the fans and misters keep the patio tolerable. it can get pretty crowded (navigating the patio can feel like a maze sometimes), but i do enjoy it on quieter nights.We had a nice time last night.  Brought one of the dogs in their out door beer garden.  Husband liked the Woodchuck on draft and the pub style snacks.  I just likes the beer garden style seating.   A very pleasant experience.Good outdoor space to have a brew and chill. Typical bar, nothing out of the ordinary. Good selection of drafts.I'm so glad we stumbled upon the Bulldog. We we walking down Magazine Street and the Bulldog looked like it had a lot of potential. Our bartender Sarah was great, offering up suggestions since we were visiting the area and are unfamiliar with the local breweries. You could tell she was very educated and enthusiastic about beer.The staff is super friendly. The bartenders were very considerate and the fire pit in 40 degree weather is to die for. If you want to chill with a decent size group, this is the place to go. It's not crazy like bourbon district but lively enough to have a great time. Ryan was the BEST.$5.22 for one Abita Amber!!! Seriously that's almost a 6 pack across the street at Breaux Mart!  I can buy a keg of Abita Amber and the serving cost is around 85 cents for a large solo cup that holds more than the Bulldog pints so I would expect a bar could get a quantity discount for even less.  The price gouging corporate demon anti-NOLA culture to the MAX has fully taken over with that!!!  
This is no longer a locals bar and now is firmly entrenched as a tourist establishment of ill repute that especially caters to Tulane students from the Northeast that are nostalgic about paying New York City prices in the Bulldog.  They need to open a bead and t-shirt shop next door as they Bourbon Street it up on this section of Magazine...
Bulldog ownership has totally lost the fact that volume is where you make profits and I'm certainly not drinking volumes of anything at their current prices where back when Abita Amber was just $4 a pint I would drink many on a daily basis here as I used to enjoy this bar.  They have completely driven off all their regulars here and all the staff that worked here for many years is gone.  This bar is dead to me now.
Abita Amber prices at other area bars:
$2 PITCHERS Reginelli's Pizza Monday, Tuesday and other announced times.
$4 Rendezvous Tavern ($2.50 on Wednesdays)
$4 Balcony Bar (cheaper for announced specials)
$3 Ms. Mae's
$2.75 Brothers Three
$5 New York Pizza for a slice of pizza AND an Abita Amber
Bourbon Cowboy 3 for 1 special works out to about $2.50 per beer for Abita Amber.My friends and I went to the a bulldog to watch the Saints played a playoff game against the Eagles. The ambiance was enjoyable with friendly patrons.Great tap room if you're looking to sit down with some friends and have a few drinks. They have an impressive amount of beer on tap as well as a full bar with fine spirits to choose from. 
Bar service was good and prompt even when busy. 
Late night food was greasy fried and so-so but hit the spot alongside the beers.
Patio takes the spotlight as a great attraction especially on good weather days/nights.After reading a lot of these reviews (I am assuming by tourists) it made me laugh. The Bulldog is your typical neighborhood beer garden. A lot of selection and not to mention AMAZING cheese fries. Definitely a place to stop by for a happy hour after work, patio drinking, or late night cheese fry cravings. The staff is a lot of fun! This bar is definitely one of my favorite s in the city.So there are negatives and positives about this bar. First, the bar is a great place to hang out, talk to friends, and basically do anything you would do during Happy Hour. The patio is extremely nice when the weather is not bad and the bar inside has a drive bar feel to it. The bar tends to attract the Y Generation or Millennials crowd, but fewer undergrads than you think due to its distance from campus. They also have an amazing selection of beer. However, the bar has become more geared toward tourism and the evidence is in the pricing.
The 50 cents pints and a dollar off pitcher is a joke. They're still ridiculously expensive regardless of what happy hour specials they have. Also, the food, while unspectacular, is also pricey. Don't expect to go to this bar on a consistent basis if you're on a budget. But, if you got the money, why not.Bike friendly, dog friendly, people friendly! This place is just overall great! The bartenders are all awesome and if you're hungry, check out the food menu, it's all really tasty and filling.Much better atmosphere than the one near city park. It's smaller but I enjoy the intimate setting and the fact that it's on Magazine near other bars. I didn't have any of the food this go around but some of my friends did and they seemed to enjoy it. 
The offer "bar food" so nothing extremely extensive. I'm an apple cider girl who hates beer but they had a nice selection. Two on tap and a selection of bottles. I went with a strawberry cider that was DELICIOUS. I've actually been searching for it since that night. 
It's a good place to just hang out with friends.Is there even a need to write a review? Between the location and tap selection, you really can't go wrong. Oh, and there's an outdoor modern beer garden with heat lamps in the winter, sports on when playing, and a cutesy fountain/pond. Win win win win win.Service was extremely terrible. The short, chubby, old man cooking the food was very rude to three of my friends. We all work in a restaurant and are very understanding when it comes to restaurant service, but there's no need to be flat out rude to someone for no reason.This was my neighborhood bar when I lived uptown so I frequented it quite a bit. Good points:  extensive beer selection, I believe it is a close second to Avenue Pub in terms of their selection, they serve food and it's decent, and they allow dogs on their patio. Also, the patio has misters and fans to help you beat the heat. If there's a good game on, they will have all of their TV's inside tuned in and also, at least for the big games, they will have a TV outside, broadcasting it to the patio crowd. It's also a fun place to play trivia with your friends or maybe even indulge in some video poker. Bad points:  Although the crowd can be diverse and I've seen all types there, I feel the overwhelming majority there are college aged kids, and not the hip, artistic types of college kids, but the frat boy type. The kind that wear their polo shirts and fist bump. Those type of college kids. Still a good spot though:)Huge beer selections. 
Dog friendly. 
Wednesday nights you can keep the pint glass. 
Pretty cool place to hang out and watch a game.I live in the neighborhood. This is a nice place to go for a drink (nothing fancy). They do have food, but it's more of a bar menu.   It can be loud at times, but that's expected since it's more of a college/sports bar. It's my go-to for a quick drink.Favorite bar in the city. A++ beer selection, dogs encouraged, Rockbot music app, and maybe the best queso in the city.Great dive bar with good food. Very nice area all around. Great service and beer selection.  Check it out in the garden district.Sitting in the crowded patio of the Bulldog with a $4 Abita in my hand, I caught up with a friend from high school who I hadn't seen in the last couple of years.  It was just the setting for a leisurely catch-up - a warm night, a tall glass of beer, reasonable quiet and privacy even in a dense and lively crowd.  The Bulldog offered vibrancy and buzz without a shred of obnoxiousness, and they even threw in a free glass, all because it was a Wednesday.  Cheers all around.2.5 stars 
For this place supposedly having the cleanest tap lines ever, it's sorta a dump. I do appreciate that they have foot handles on the doors so you don't have to touch anything while leaving the bathroom or if your hands are full when you're trying to go back inside after sitting on the patio. It doesn't have a dive feel about it, just more like it's unkempt. The patio was nice anyway and it's definitely dog friendly. In fact, the best part of our quick stop here was the puppy at the table next to us who was knocked out in his person's lap and after waking up was prancing around absolutely adorably. It was absolutely precious.
About 50 beers on draft including a lot of local choices. I went for a regional-local option -- the Lazy Magnolia Southern Pecan brown ale. It was happy hour so all pints were 50 cents off. I wasn't crazy about it, but it was nice to try something that I probably wouldn't find in DC. This wouldn't be my regular hangout if I lived in New Orleans -- a bit too dirty/fratty feeling for me.I like it.....it's one of the great reasons to move to the Magazine st area.  I stopped in on a wed night to grab a bite. Next thing i know i was full from a mushroom swiss burger with bacon. Then beer, then beer, then bier, then bear.....whoa! french fries sober me up lol. I had to start the 50 beer challenge cause I need an excuse to go back. Plus it had a great bar menu i feel compelled to try more of.  The wed nite special is unique though, keep your pint glass. I think i can start a really big collection or have a reminder of how much of a lush i can be.  The patio area is huge and makes for a good gathering of folks which is inviting in it's self.  I defiantly wouldn't mind becoming a reg.Used to be my favorite establishment to grab a drink at with friends. The place is very small and is usually rather crowded. They have a good beer selection but when it comes down to the having to park, find a seat, and wait behind a large number of people for drinks; it's not worth it all. I'd rather go to world of beer in metaire.a must if you skipped dinner or were too busy to stop drinking on a Saturday.
incredible beer selection and fantastic bar food.
on a warm day the outdoor patio is amazing. not so packed that you can't find a seat but good luck if your group is larger than four (or your brought more than one dog with you). great people watching to as it's right on the street corner.
TV set up inside works well for watching games.Impressive tap list at The Bulldog.  This was the perfect spot to hang out as we were waiting for our table at nearby Atchafalaya.  Bulldog keeps a good rotation of local brews, as well as getting quality beers from around the country.
The staff is very friendly, and always willing to let you sample beers you are not familiar with.
Come in for happy hour, and save on local brews.  We weren't so lucky when we visited, but there are usually pups here too.Really cool fun bar, especially the patio area when its nice weather outside.  Lots of beer on tap.  I usually dont like fruity drinks but tried the strawberry wheat beer and really enjoyed it.  Especially when out with my friends that start drinking at 11am...  A definite stop on the Magazine pub crawl!Fun place to grab a few drinks. I even bought my husband a t shirt. I will definitely return on my next trip.  Drinks were reasonably pricedLoved going here on Wednesday when I was in college.  I still have a good amount of the glasses I collected.  Good beer selection.The Bulldog is definitely a departure from some of the slightly (or very) divey bars that populate Magazine Street. Not knocking these, as places like Buddha Belly and Les Bon Temps are some of my favorite bars around. But, the Bulldog seems like it's scrubbed clean on a regular basis. Stuffy or fancy, it's not, either. I deem it: preppy saloon. And hey, you can bring your dog here, too. And if you throw coins into the fountain, they are gathered to make donations to an animal shelter or charity. The pride in their operation is evident. I like!
I had a drink here on a gorgeous weekday afternoon, so my experience is definitely not like what I'd expect on a weekend night. So I think I'll be adding it to my day drinking roster because that patio on such a day is sahhhweeeet! And I enjoyed my better-than-decent Bloody Mary immensely. 
Something slightly strange did happen to me on this day.  A gal offered me her almost full plate of cheese fries, stating that they were amazing and I should have them. I *might* have been looking slightly like a street urchin to inspire such an act of kindness. I'm not complaining!Very good craft selection on draft. Staff was very knowledgeable and very helpful in beer decisions. I will definitely be back to this place.The Bulldog is a cool bar with an outside and inside seating area - great for the day or the night. They have a pretty unique fountain made of old tap beers outside and there a sign that all coins contributed to the fountain go to a local animal charity, which is an awesome plus. The Bloody Mary was perfect!This is my new neat little hang out on Magazine Street. I met a few friends here and hung out on the patio. They are dog friendly, which means you will often see a few pooches hanging out with you too. 
I love good beer and Bulldog has the best selection I've seen in New Orleans so far. A ton of beer on draft along with a decent bottle list, plus a few rotating taps with seasonal/special brews. If you are up to the challenge, you tackle there 50 beer challenge. They punch off a number on a key chain for each beer you get and you get a free t-shirt when you get done. 
The bartenders have always been really helpful and attentive. Check it out if you're ever in the area, you wont be disappointed.Huge selection of beer? Check. Outdoor seating? Check. Adequate menu? Check. I've frequented The Bulldog on a couple of occasions, and all have been fun. It's great for watching a game with a couple buddies, or an evening of drinking on the patio, or whatever would fall between the two. It's a step above dive-y without creeping into stuffy territory.Really great bar on Magazine St.  They have a great patio that seems to be made for an afternoon of drinking with friends.  Always a good crowd with great tv's, water misters and fans.  I could have spent days here with my local friends.  Will be back when I step foot in NOLA againFirst time in New Orleans. Went here on a recommendation from a friend and loved it! Great beer and great atmosphere. Definitely preferred over the touristy shadiness of Bourbon St.Still a solid choice especially for the beer drinker, although they can make a basic cocktail here. The patio is awesome ...until it rains on you or when you decide to sit outside to avoid the smoke on one of NOLA's rare freezing evenings. Thank goodness for heaters and the bar supplied blankets. 
The staff is usually good and if you can catch the kitchen when it's open, the snacks are tasty.Excellent craft beer selection with topnotch staff and management that greeted me and my colleague with a lot of great informative information about various craft beers.  The manger Ryan is very knowledgeable about the vast craft beer selection and stopped to talk to us despite having a very busy night. We are from Philadelphia and will definitely recommend this great establishment to our friends who visit New Orleans.Good beer bar with a great selection.  I love their fancy fountain!  Welcome to New Orleans hipsters.first of all, i'd like to thank yelp as a whole for suggesting pretty much every single place we ate, drank, and... did stuff while in NOLA.  we'd just finished a day of doing touristy stuff and were ready for a beer.  let's be honest, we were pretty much ready for a beer when we got out of bed at 10am.  i mean 1pm.
and this place did NOT disappoint with the beer.  they had a huge selection of bottles and a fair amount of drafts from all over the world.  i would have appreciated a few more of the belgian variety, but that's a personal preference.  i always judge a beer place based on how many of them i've had, and i'd had about 3/4 of the menu.  normally this would be off-putting, but in this case, that still left about 30 that i'd never tried.
we got a couple of apps, and they had this funny system of ordering.  you have to go to sort of a fast-food counter near the front and then go back and pick up your food there, and give them the name of your tab so it can be added to your bar tab.  my boyfriend did the running around for me (thanks, boyfriend) and he was a bit put off by some rudeness on the part of the order-taker (chef?  cashier?), but it certainly wasn't enough to dampen out experience, and the food (hummus with pita chips and veggies) was delicious!
the place was dimly lit but had high enough ceilings and was well laid-out enough not to feel stuffy.  friendly bartenders and a second room for live music and dancing, as well as a few cozy tables made it a great establishment for all different groups or occasions.Los of beers in bottles and on tap.
thye give you pint glasses on some nights, and as a result every bar uptown serves beer occaisionaly in pint glasses advertising this bar.
They don't cheap on the quality, either.  Gotta wonder how they pay for that...A pretty okay place... Big selection of beer, typical pub grub...  The inside is pretty narrow and the outside seating area is a bit crowded, but if you're here to just drink beer, you're at the right place.beer as you know was good. food was a complete surprise. that dude back there knows how to cook. me and the wife got several things and all was really good. also just an fyi, we went after the nola brewery tour. it was mini beer fest day.Outdoor patio is the spot to chill, I wish Boston had something like this.  Ideal for Sunday Funday, watching games, sampling seasonal beers, a good mingle scene and friendly bar staff.  Dog friendly, I think as there was one chilling in the bar. Screens for game viewing outside.Atmosphere, beer selection and patio are what make it.  Food is very average, I would not eat here again.  Seems to be mostly locals that turn up the conversation volume as they get happy!!Wow. It's been over 6 years since my last review and my, how this place has changed.
I don't know if there are new owners, but Bulldog is now a full fledged "craft beer" bar. Gone are the days of Budweiser and Coors light on tap. Almost every tap has a local or other craft beer and I couldn't be happier about the change. The entire beer system has been replaced and is shiny and new. There's an extensive menu of draft and bottled craft beer and the beer menu is displayed on one of the tv screens at all times. Bulldog has partnered with Untappd, so you can link your beers to the bar and keep track of what you've tried.
I guess because of all of these changes, the vibe here is just different. It doesn't have as much of a college feel as it once had, I think probably because all of their beers are a little pricier than they used to be and most college kids don't have much interest in craft beer. On the night we were here the crowd was definitely a little older than I've seen in the past. I'm not sure if it's always like this, but I get the feeling it is. 
They still have the kitchen serving the same bar grub that they always had. And much of the decor of the bar is the same, although I did notice that all of the "fake" celeb autograph pics that used to be all over the place are now gone.
I like the change, but there's something I'll always miss about the "grittier" Bulldog. This used to be my hang out when I was in my 20's and there was just something about it. That old feeling is gone, but I'm excited that they have gone more into the craft direction and are now a "legit" New Orleans beer bar. I was excited that they had Jucifer on tap, so that made for a happy birthday when I was here celebrating.The Bulldog is a great bar for beer lovers.
It has been a long time since I have been to the Bulldog. I remembered it fondly so I was excited when a friend recommended we meet there.
As you walk in there is a long bar filled with taps. There is seating at the bar as well as several tables against the back wall. Several TVs line the bar so you can watch sports while having a cold beer. 
My favorite area is the outside patio. There is a large fountain with beer taps for water spigots, several small tables and one giant picnic style table. The patio fronts Magazine street which is perfect for people watching.
The beer selection is excellent. While they offer a drink around the world promotion, I've never been able to concentrate on silly bar games after several beers. 
On this trip I was pleased to learn they have Jefferson Stout on tap. I really enjoy that beer and I haven't been able to find it in too many places.
I look forward to more trips to the Bulldog in the near future. Maybe I will see you there. If I do, the first round is on you.Great beer. Great service. Great food. Great music. Fire pit! Tons of choices. Sarah is awesome! Love Pint Wednesday!This is one of the holy stops for beer geeks/snobs in the U.S.  With Hundreds, yes Hundreds of beers to chose from.  All of their beers are explained on the menu, from country/state or origin, to food pairings, specs on beer like IBU's and such, to a quick description of color, body, head, bouquet, and general flavors.  With a beautiful Beer Garden, and knowledgeable staff.  It is an enlightening experience for even the most seasoned beer aficionado.  It is the "Big Easy", so like almost 100% of the restaurant/Bars in Nawlins, you will wait for service, they are in no hurry.  Maybe the best news about The Bulldog is that it is far from Bourbon as you can get and still be in the French Quarter.  It is on Magazine st., and the shopping is great.  What I'm getting at is that my wife will join me for a beer in the garden, the whole time looking for Brad Pit and A. Jolie to ride by on their bikes(as they are known to frequent Magazine on nice days).  Then she will go shop, leaving me to my beautiful Beers in a perfect southern setting.This place is a classy dive. Let me explain:
The venue offers an uplifting environment with friendly customers and a clean open space. I felt like I was in an irish bar in St. Patricks day.
However, the drinks I saw offered were simple beers. Nothing fancy, just a casual place to crash with good friends. 
The outdoor space was very unique with its fountain of tap handles. Very cool! Also, there were TV's everywhere to watch the game. Great feature.Sarah is awesome! So is Tommy!  This is not a lie.  We mentioned being tourists and she busted out with stuff showing us where to go and what to do for fun.  They have a huge selection of both draft and bottled beers and are very knowledgeable about both. Their music selection is also on point. This place is definitely worth a visit!The music is always better in the bathroom.
Aside from that, the beer selection is great and the bartenders I've met are nice and very helpful.
The patio is a great spot to drink on magazine st.
If only the music was less top-40 vibe and more curated for the atmosphere of the bar and patio, I'd give it more than three stars.Awesome little spot for warm football Sunday. Spinach & artichoke dip was awesome, huge selection of beer and great atmosphere completed the experience. The outdoor patio is absolutely adorable & plenty of thought was put in to make it (nearly) year-round feasible to watch tv outside. The fountain is quaint, the tree lights are pretty, firepits, heat lamps, or fans help control the climate.This bar tends to get high praise, but I was grossed out by the place. My cousin took me here on a slow night during Christmas break. The first bar we went to closed up early, so we had to find a fresh watering hole. This place was certainly not fresh. As we sat at the bar little cockroaches started climbing out from behind the computer they use to put in drink order/pay tabs. I knocked my hand on the bar and they turned away. My cousin responded with "They know what's good for 'em.". Too funny, but really gross. I get the cockroach has a stronghold on this city, but how can you not take care of pest control in a bar/restaurant. Super gross. *Staff denied access although I'm nearly 30 and showed them a valid and current drivers license (from Austria, with a picture, loads of security features and made of plastic!). 
This NEVER happened to me in NYC, Miami, Orlando, Austin, Houston, San Diego, LA, San Francisco, Las Vegas and of course: New Orleans. If they are too lazy to use a reference book with valid IDs (or a printout of the law/act applicable, or UV-light, or an ID-scanner, ...) I'm glad to give my money to one of the other great and superior bars/restaurants in NOLA.I was turned away from pascals manalo and jimmy james and another couple places I don't care to mention because they were all closed. I guess with bourbon st so close these folks need mondays to recoup after 4th of july or they spent all night walking down the middle of the street to get home. Nonetheless my cab driver was bewildered by my avoidance of Popeyes and krystals and other fine new orleans establishments. I had him pull over and jumped out to magazine street. There was a pizza place and mexican place in front of me where there were a few folks arguing in front of them so veered left and into the bulldog.
It was smoky and dark. There was a long bar stretching down the left hand side flanked by dozens of beer taps. I ordered a local wheat soda and asked for a menu. Like a few other places in town, they have a separate entity patroling the food. You have to order from another window near the front door and ask them to add it to the tab at the bar. Don't fret, there is a lot of weirdness in NOLA. I got an order of their seasoned waffle fries and a buffalo chicken sandwich.
A few moments later my infrared remote coaster started buzzing so I went to the window and to my joyous surprise the sandwich was covered in homemade bluecheese dressing. The sandwich-hot and spicy. The dressing- cold and clumpy. I was a litlle hesitant at first but it became a terrific mix as soon as all the smells and aromas collided. I know I am getting a little to descriped, but after getting home around 6:15am from essence festival and sleeping until 3pm I was famished and ready to eat anything.
The bulldog features a full 6 page beer menu (both draught and bottle), the normal bar and well choices and of course sazaracs. If you would like to hang around in the outdoors amidst the 100% humidity and hot hot southern sun they sport a fantastic patio right in the heart of Magazine ST.Comments about prices are the same as my other Mid-City Bulldog review--definitely beatable there.
I have had food once here, some nachos which looked DELICIOUS when other people kept bringing them out, and then were pretty terrible when I got them myself. Perhaps I am judging too soon, but...the chips were WEAK. If you tried to actually pick up any of the toppings with them, they broke. Isn't this the point of nachos? I was basically scarred for life. Seriously, this happened about 6 months ago and I still lament that terrible plate of nachos.
Plus, this is in that terrifying cone of "places Tulane kids can get to easily" which makes it pretty horrifying during the school year. During the summer it was quite fun, but once those kids roll in, I'd like to keep a healthy distance. 
I do like that I can bring my puppy here and sit on the patio in nice weather. Beer selection is quite good, prices are steep. Within walking distance of a couple other bars, though none that allow dogs as far as I know. I'd say stop in if you're bar-hopping on Magazine, but expect a crowd.Smokey.  
Great beer selection, scan the table tent for selection on your phone.
Outside patio is nice (you bring your dog there).There was a very nice patio to hang out on with a large TV for sporting events. There were a couple cranky bartenders to get past but I assume they're warn out from the tourist clientele. Definitely worth another shot!I come in here when it's not packed with college student tools. Food is tasty. I like the patio.Are you in the mood for a drink ? Beer? How about some bar food? Ok this is your place.Bulldog is a dog-friendly bar with a ton of beer and pretty good service. There's also a nice patio where you can enjoy your beer while checking out everyone's awesome dogs. The tap list is good, and if you can't find anything there, the bottle list is also pretty good. Also, we got to keep our pint glasses, which had some pretty hilarious sayings on them. This was, all around, a good experience!I only stopped in for one beer. What a selection to choose from! Plenty of TVs; seems like a decent neighborhood bar if you're in tje nwighborhood. .I should start by saying that I am not a beer drinker, but I can appreciate  that the Bulldog offers a plethora of beers to choose from for the aficionado.
The Bulldog was one of the locations of weekly meetings that I had with my coworkers post-K while we were all working from home and displaced from our building.  It was the perfect location to sit outside and enjoy a Monday afternoon in the early spring.Tollste Kneipe auf der Magazine Street! Hier kann man bei lauen Temperaturen im Biergarten draußen sitzen  mit Blick auf den Zapfhahnbrunnen  oder gemütlich drinnen an der urigen Theke abhängen. Die Auswahl an Bier ist unglaublich gut und sollte sie einmal zu groß sein wird man auch mit Geduld und Witz gerne beraten. Sollte der Laden nicht gerade aus allen Nähten platzen sind die Barkeeper auch für nette Pläuschchen aufgelegt. Unbedingt mittwochs hingehen, denn da darf man alle Pintgläser behalten, die man geleert hat. Werden sie dennoch zurückgegeben, spendet die Bar 1$ für jedes zweite Glas  auch Geld, das im Brunnen draußen landet wird an die Tierhilfe weitergeleitet. Hunde sind hier gern gesehene Gäste!Love the outdoor patio with the fountain made out of different beer taps.  The atmosphere is really like a neighborhood hang out with picnic tables and iron patio furniture.  Alcohol prices are fair and the food is your typical bar food.  We always enjoy a big order of nachos with our Abitas.This place is okay. The food is okay. I'm not huge on beer but I am a big fan of mug Wednesday. You bring your desire to get drunk and you keep your pint glasses. It's really the only reason I have glasses. It can fill up with bro dudes real quick on a given day.This is another one of those places that is a complete mystery to me.  Why do people like this place?  It's dirty and gross and everyone in there seems like a chode.  It smells like date rape.  It's like a meeting of the Young Republicans gone bad.  
The outside seating is kind of nice.
I hate the Bulldog.Discovered this chill locals' spot last Friday night, my first time ever in NOLA.
Didn't try the food but consumed a few pitchers of Abita Fall Fest ($11) in the outdoor courtyard.
The Magazine St. corridor is a great alternative to the French Quarter. I'll be back!Good place to watch douchebags overpay for beer.  Other than that, not much entertainmentGood beer, nice people and outdoor seating. The cook is kind of a jerk but just snarl  back and it's all good :)Don't fill out a review drunk just bc you're sad they switched the softball game to something else that was already playing on another TV so that when you ask them to change it back, they put it on a different TV and by that time,you've missed the ending of the game. That's my words of wisdomBOTTOM LINE AT THE TOP - A great place to grab a bite if you're on Magazine St. 
Whether you're looking for a warm outdoor patio to sip on one of their 30 plus beer selections, or a dark corner of a dark-wood tavern to munch on some great bar snacks, the bulldog's got you covered. 
They've got a great selection of local brews, and, true to their name there patio is dog-friendly, if not a little cluttered with seating.Hooray for dog-friendly bars! Our group grabbed a pitcher of the locally made pale ale and grabbed seats on the patio. It was very relaxing, there was plenty of seating, and the bathrooms were actually pretty clean! Woo hoo!
Would definitely recommend stopping in, especially if you're out of that "let's get tanked on taaka as fast as we can stage" of your life and are interested in quality brews. 
Plus dogs, duh!Funny that they advertise 16oz beers but never fill the glasses. So you basically get about 13oz's. Thought maybe it was just my server on the first but I watched for a while and they all do it. I can see the mentality for a server having to navigate a busy nightclub but this place doesn't have table service. Kinda weak if you ask meThe patio here is kind of like someone decided they didn't want to take the time to set up a seating plan so they just threw a bunch of tables and chairs down and said "eh the customers can figure it out."  And figure it out they do.  The patio is a great spot to sit outside and have a drink, and with the absurdly large selection of draft beers, you are sure to be able to find something you want.  As a bonus, they have all the taps lined up on display outside so you can pick what you want before going in to order!  So head on in and grab a spot in the sun, and commence conversatin and people watchin.If you're in New Orleans on a Wednesday, you have to go to the Bulldog. You get to keep your pint glasses on those nights!
There is also an awesome water fountain in the patio area with different taps pouring out the water. Bring your dogs and have a good time! 
Also a nice spot to grab a drink while you wait for seating at restaurants nearby.Awesome place to grab happy hour beers... On Th/F/S nights, the crowd is a little young for me (early 20's) but it's not worth /NOT/ going there for. 
Also, the food is on point... I recommend the King's Nachos for sure.Great location.  Great patio.  Lots of Nola character.  We always stop by when in Nola.  Looking forward to visiting again soon!I just like Wednesdays when you get the free pint glasses.  :D  
Other than that, the food was unmemorable, I was cold where I was sitting, and there was a lot of people.  Probably would just go on Wednesdays and probably not very often.  It was ok.I went to this place on a whim while on business trip in New Orleans.  It looked like a interesting place from the outside, and was!  A real bar with a great selection of beer!  We went there on Pint Night where you can keep the pint glasses you drink out of.  Worked out well as they made great travel gifts for friends upon my return home.  Beer was excellent and ambiance was good for a local bar.  We had a great time there, so I have no complaints.  Prices were good, so folks saying they charge too much for beer and food haven't traveled to a big city in their lives.  Two of us drank four pints each and had some bar food, all for ~$50 plus tip.  And eight pint glasses to go!How have I not reviewed this place? The first time I came to New Orleans 11 years ago I ended up here with a bunch of strangers and nothing has changed. Well, hopefully I have.
We needed a dog friendly place and came here so the pup could get some water and we could enjoy some burgers. Nothing about this place is special. Nothing about it is bad. It is just a place that serves a lot of beer and decent bar food.
After they cook your food you are on your own. Napkins, condiments, table bussing is all on you.
Pretty annoying that you have to pay at the bar and the food window. 
The staff is pretty meh and spend most of their time getting drunk and talking to their friends.
All in all if you are someone who likes beer or if you have a dog you should go here. Otherwise, go somewhere else.Fabulous staff and fabulous beer!!! Staff (especially Sarah) very knowledgable on current beers. Coming from out of town it was great to feel so welcomed in a very laid back puppy friendly environment. Fire ant barrel aged red ale was amazing for anyone who likes a darker beer. Overall a great place and a fun time with a relaxed and chill feel! Enjoy!!!!!This is a cool spot with good beers and a pleasant atmosphere.  If you're hungry, the food isn't bad either.  Some of the bartenders are pretty nice too and bonus to filling your kitchen with a few pint glasses that you get to take home on Wednesdays.Dustin was amazing!!!!! Had some great conversation and made great cocktails and juts fun to hang with! The bar has great music and great bar food! A must while shopping on magazine street!!!!!Loved this place. Great beer selection on tap (with great prices to go with it). Funny bartenders. TVs all over the inside (Although it was pretty weird to see Fox News on the main TV over the bar). Large outdoor space with plenty of tables make for good people watching... and a huge TV. Pretty cool fountain made from tap handles in the outdoor area as well.One of my favorite places to get a happy hour beer if you're lucky enough to score a seat outside on the patio. They have a great beer selection!! 
If I'm running low on pints at home, I go on Wednesdays, when you can take home your pints after you drink your beer. It's their way of keeping fresh stock of unchipped glasses I guess. They also change the logo on the pints often. I've gotten cool Nola ones as well as Christmas special pints. 
The inside is kind of dark and smoky, but the bathrooms are pretty clean, which is always a plus!!From NY on vacation and heard about this place after brunch at commanders.  Awesome relaxed bar with a young fun vibe.  Bartender Sarah was an immediate friend and made the 3 or so hours we stayed extra chill.  Deff the spot to hit in this area.As much as I love uptown bars over mid-city bars, I would choose to come to the mid-city location over this one any day. The mid-city location is a lot bigger and is cleaner. Plus, the mid-city location is closer to my house so unless I have friends already at this location, I usually don't make plans to come here.The food is really good. Our bartender is very sweet and funny. Love the patio!!!  Sarah the bartender  is super attentive and she suggests great beers.We traveld to the Garden District for 3 nights and we ended up here every night. Loved the patio and the beer selection. Depending on your beer choice is the price we got a couple pitchers at 15.00 which was a great deal for us! Had some food on the last night - it was good bar food! The music selection was great!!I think I may actually like the Mid City location more, as it has more tolerable clientele and is usually less crowded, but I've been to this one more so I'll be reviewing it.
First thing's first - they are adamant about the carding here, as with most places on Magazine.  So don't even think about it, kiddos.  Upon entry you'll observe this is a pretty typical pub set-up.  This isn't a particularly spacious venue, even with the adorable little courtyard area with the beer tap water fountain.  On busier evenings, such as $5 beer/free pint glass Wednesday, expect a pretty thick layer of people to weave in and out of to reach your particular destination or where you'll be standing for the next 15-30 minutes until you spot someone finally leaving and you'll then have to be prepared to tuck and roll into their former place.  You think I kid?  You'd be wrong.
This place does serve liquor as well, but it's main draw is its plentiful and varied beer drafts.  Delicious, scrumptious, carbilicious beer!  Hence the particular demographics it draws in.  
Speaking of which during the evenings, the patrons consists mostly of undergraduate students, it seems, with a few law students sprinkled in here and there.  No real young professional crowds for sure.  So yeah, it's a rather wody crowd and if that's not your thing - seek out the Mid City location.  
During the day, especially the weekends, there seems to be a more mature crowds and student seem to be keen on dragging their parents here for a few drinks in the courtyard amidst tourist-ing. 
I don't recall this place having any waitresses, but the bartenders are usually pretty prompt and well-staffed.  
Bulldog does also offer your usual greasy bar fare of burgers, fries, and things of that nature.  I've never tried any of the food, but my friends always seem to rather enjoy it.  Of course they are usually consuming Bulldog food because they are ravenous after consuming several pints of beer.  
I do like this place, minus the sometimes unbearable crowds.  If you're into beer, a lot of freaking beer, please do stop by here.  Or again, the Mid City location.  It'd rather come here on a weekend than a Wednesday to be honest.  But if I never ever came here again, no tears would be shed.Good place to go when you just don't feel like going anywhere nice or dressing up. Nice uptown staple. Wide selection of beers and great fries. Bartender was rude, but what's new?The wide selection of draft beer is awesome -- I believe over 50 on tap and another 100 in bottles.  It also carries local microbrews that are worth trying, such as Abita Andygator.  This is a good place to go to watch a game, as it has TVs all around the bar.Stopped in Saturday before the super bowl.  Crowded uptown bar, mostly young'ins but the patio is nice with brick surroundings, taps etc.  A little on the "meh" side.Amazing selection of beers.  Everything is self service.  You order your meal at the grill.  Then pay for it at the bar and then head back to the grill where you get a pager and then pick it up when the thing "lights up or something."  Large outdoor patio with beer tap (water) fountain is a nice touch.  Food was a bit better than other bar food we had in the area.  Crowd was relaxed and in their 30s.I really, really, REALLY wanted to like this place. For years my neighborhood friends and I had been going every Sunday for the Saints games, mainly because it was close by and I do like their wings. The beer prices have always been on the high side, but I swallowed that because it was so close to where we lived. But time and time again I have been treated rudely by one or more of the waitstaff, despite the fact that me and my friends consistently dropped over $300 at this place every week for years during football season. The last straw was when they wouldn't accept a coupon that I received from them, saying it had to be printed out instead of showing it to them on my iPhone. I walked out and all my friends with me. Obviously  they don't need our money.Seems like a cool place, but the biggest problem i had was the kitchen being very selective over who they wanted to serve. crap.IPA is different out here.
The WEATHER is different out here, I think most things are different out here.
The water is sure different out here, the decorations on the fountain of beer tabs are different out here.
NOLA is different out here. Not touristy, not over-run, calm and good beer, this is an example of a wikipedia defintion of what a beer bar should be.
Great selection of beer, knowledgable about beer and you can get a pint to-go.
Sorry west coast friends, a pint-to-go is a dream in the weather of the illustrious sunday morning bar crawl.Too many f@&)$&n chairs on the patio, what is this place? A maze? It would be amazing if this problem were taken care of.My 5 stars is for the beer garden. I didn't eat or spend more than a few minutes inside. I though the tap handle water fall and bonfire pit were awesome. They had lots of seating and a huge tv. Plus I'm a dog lover and this bar seemed to be very pet friendly. I drank beer while chatting with others about their pups. My experience wasn't in depth, but I would absolutely have another beer there next time I'm in New Orleans.We ended up at the The Bulldog after not getting any service at a nearby restaurant, so it was quite a bonus that we could order our own drinks and our own food. It was a little bit chilly, but we sat out on the patio. It was so comfortable. The only issue was a smoker who chose to lean her head back and blow her smoke, which literally dropped right onto us. We didn't say anything to her, but it was annoying. I had a hamburger, which was okay. My husband had the nachos, and they were delicious! The moscow mules I had were really good. The other thing we liked is that the bartender was willing to pick beers for my husband based on what we were eating. It was a nice touch. Definitely check this place out. Dogs are welcomed (at least there were 2 there), kids are not.We stopped here while we were hitting bars for happy hour on Magazine Street. All of the happy hours we had already been to were great. The Bulldog was a disappointment. My sister and I went to the bar to get 3 beers and a Fuzzy Navel for our mom (she's a total light weight) Happy hour specials were buy one shot, get a shot free and $1 off draft beer. They did have an excellent beer selection. Roy was our batender. He poured the beers and made my mom's drink and the bill came to $33! This is a hole in the wall bar with a nice patio and 3 beers and a one shot drink shouldn't have cost this much. 
We asked for a receipt print out and discovered that my mother's Fuzzy Navel cost $11.50! Roy had to go look up how to make a Fuzzy Navel. Didn't he go to basic bartending school? He told us he put 2 shots of Peach Schnapps and 2 shots of vodka in a high ball glass. Really? First of all a Fuzzy Navel is just Peach Schnapps and orange juice and high ball glass filled with ice and 4 shots will practically fill the glass (where would the orange juice go?). ....and it would kill my mother....there was no way what this guy was saying was true. 
Roy was cocky and condescending when we inquired into why the check was so high and when we came back to tell him a Fuzzy Navel only has Peach Schnapps and OJ and that's why we were so confused at the high price, he argued with us. That is when we found out he had to look up how to even make this simple drink! He didnt offer an apology, a new cheaper drink, or anything but rudeness. 
We were hoping to hang out at the Bulldog for a few beers, but the lack of acknowledgement of our problem and no offer to even try to correct it, plus Roy's terrible customer service skills and lack of bartender knowledge caused us to bring our money elsewhere. 
And Roy, you made a Hairy Navel and not a Fuzzy Navel. Go to bartending and customer service school please. You need it.This bar goes through phases and last night was a very off night. It was a very cold night and the bouncer allowed three of my friends into the bar and SHOVED me outside and slammed the door in my face leaving me in the cold alone. When I tried saying it is ok I am with them he shoved me outside again and put his back to the door to not let me in. I understand that it is difficult to card 4 - 27 year olds at one time and it was cold outside but you do not kick one girl out of her group leaving her outside by herself for over five minutes.
Other than that - this is a good dive bar, I prefer the one on Canal because there is more room and a great patio area. The food is decent bar food and they have a ton of beers to chose from.Overall, a decent bar with good ambience, a nice patio, and clean bathrooms. The menu is a little pricey for what the cook is dishing out though, and the bar service is 'serve-ish' at best. That's my take anyway.Really I could have kept that collective pint glass on a Wednesday without trying to stuff that down my Yelp friend jacket?!
The glass is so cute but I am bias, I am into dogs. Oh maybe I should just buy one of those Mardi Gras one for $4 and all proceeds goes towards SPCA.
There was no problem getting a table or ordering our beers since we came by on a weekday afternoon. Beer selection is great. Everyone would have find something they enjoy either from their taps or bottles. 
Great place to chill out after a long walk from CBD. Really I walked that far to get here...People go to clubs to hear music, people come to bars to talk to their friends. If the music in a bar is so loud everyone has to yell it's too loud.
This place would be great if they would stop trying to blast our eardrums.Disclaimer: I only stopped by for a few beers, I didn't try the food! 
They had a decent selection of beers and the bartenders were able to recommended a few local brews. The outside atmosphere was lovely. Although a bird pooped on my arm, it was still a great time.I'm usually not a huge fan of bars or anything, but my friend convinced me that this was the place to be at on Wednesday nights. Try the Purple Haze. And maybe order some french fries to go along with it. I liked sitting outside, but the place gets packed, inside and outside, by 9pm. 
I do like that you can keep your pint glass on Wednesday nights! =) I just wish there was more outdoor seating.Cool spot with a large outdoor area. The outdoor area has an awesome waterfall of beer taps. The beer choices were pretty wide. Went there when they had a crawfish boil that had a ton of food and fresh corn. Nice crowd there and cool place to sit outside to eat and drinkProbably a little more exciting at night but has a bit of a dive feel to it.  Huge craft beer selection in the heart of the garden district.  The outside has a cool water fountain tap display that probably is a cool night time hangout.Bulldog we've had a long sweet run but now once again you're raising your beer prices so we have to part ways.  I love you dear Bulldog but I will not let you rape me like this!  You first encourage me to bring in crawfish for YEARS then you slap me and tell me I can't!  You raise your prices not once, not twice, but THREE times in so short a space of time!  Breaking up is hard to do but in this case it ain't that hard as financially it makes perfect sense.  It used to be so much fun with you but now you've gone so corporate and sold your soul.  I can go to Blue Nile to watch music AND drink beer cheaper than I can just drink beer with you Bulldog and I can get $2 Abita Amber almost EVERY night along with better food at Bruno's!  I guess I will be at Tracy's or most of the other bars Uptown with all the rest of your former regulars drinking the same beer at substantially cheaper prices.