Having dined here before for dinner, we recommended to our guests that we have lunch together here. What a mistake!
Placing our order at the bar, we were notified we had the wrong menu, and were given the lunch menu. We made our choices from the menu and chalk board specials. Placing our order we were told one of the specials was unavailable. Changed our choices. Soon we were told one of the lunch menu items was unavailable. Changed again.
Later, the chef brought out one of our orders. 10 minutes later, another order, then another 10 minutes and the final two orders. Said something about one of the ovens in use for something else.
In the daylight, the interior and restrooms need a serious cleaning. Also, if you are open for lunch, I suggest being prepared to serve. Only three other people were there as customers. The staff was apologetic, and comped an order of French fries.Super cute place! There was a nice special the night I was there - $5 glass of wine. We also got the chefs choice cheese board. Very yummy for the price though the service is a little confusing. You have to order everything at the bar which got super backed up.Going to Delachaise is an assured lovely time. The atmosphere is miles above the norm in New Orleans, where bar owners seem to think dark, smokey and littered with plastic cups is acceptable. The food is great (maybe a tad pricey, but I'll pay). I'm not a wine snob, but I've enjoyed the wine they recommend/carry. 
One complaint: The last time I ate there, I ordered my entree and then asked the bartender what wine he would recommend. Besides being put-off that I asked him (um, isn't that your job?), he didn't know of anything at first and finally poured me some white wine that I never got the name of.Their pommes frites are basically all that a french fry can aspire to be. Fried in goose fat, served with dill aioli, it's basically a little piece of fried heaven. Add to that an extensive wine selection, great cheese boards, and regular awesome specials (like their flavored creme brulee of the day) and it's pretty much all you can ask for in a wine bar.This is the wine bar which you wish was just around the corner from where you lived. The Delachaise was packed on a Friday night as you might expect but the service and food was swiftly served and worth talking about. The special of the night was the duck plate....yum yum yum. And the goose fat fries are worth contracting your arteries for. The wine and beer list is impressive and reasonable. I will be returning.Having moved back to the NOLA area a few months ago following a seven year hiatus, I found that several new bars spontaneously generated in the meantime.  Delachaise is one of the first ones I happily happened upon.  The bourbon selection (if that's your thing) is quite impressive as is the decent array of wine.  There is Chimay on tap - you don't see that too often down here.  There is a Manhattan bar feel to the place without the Manhattan prices.  The ambiance, well, let's just say it's a great place to bring a new friend or a first date.  It's dark (but not too dark), and quite comfortable.   You can actually hear the other party with whom you are conversing.  Although not a quite a restaurant, there is food, and the food is pretty darn swell.  If you're headed Downtown from Uptown - it's on the way.  Thumbs up, folks!Go to Delachaise, order the pommes frites and steak bruchetta. Be happy. You cant go wrong with the drinks either.Practically empty (total 10 people sitting at the tables and bar when we arrived) with two guys behind the bar. After 10 minutes of standing at the bar we were finally thrown a "be with you soon" and then another 5 minutes went by before people that came in after us were served. We left. 
We had put our stuff down at a table, took a minute to review the menu and walked to the bar and waited, waited, and waited so more. We weren't even sitting at the bar, which should give the impression we just needed to order and having picked a table should give the impression we would be there spending money for a while. Instead the first bartender ignored us while he tried to connect a keg that he couldn't figure out, then reorganized stuff behind the bar, while the second bartender chatted up some chics next to us, closed out 3 tickets, still hadn't said hello, then put in orders for people that got there after us (bartender rule you should never break, especially when it's not full!). We were ready to order and celebrate my birthday quietly at a table in the corner. Way to screw up Delachaise. Two bars down the street were both full, and I'm not surprised as to why.After you wake up an decide to recover from your previous night you need to head to here. Get a spicy bloody Mary and share an order of fries with your buddy from last night.Delachaise, it's whatever you want it to be. It's a lively group happy hour on Friday. It's stealing a drink with your boyfriend on a quieter night, just because. It's catching up with a girlfriend on a table outside over wine and -- wait for it -- flank steak bruschetta, pork pate, and (obviously!) goose fat pomme frittes -- I seriously never knew they had such good food! I had always only gone for drinks, but Delchaise is perfect for dinner too! And if you prefer wine to hand grenades, you will find a kindred spirit in Delechaise. They easily have one of the better wine lists in the city, plenty of them by the glass if you're feeling less adventurous, and from all over the world. They don't disappoint with beers and liquor either, if that's your persuasion. The only down side is that you always have to order at the bar, even if you plan on sitting at a table, and then you have to go back to the bar to pick up your check at the end. A little inconvenient if you're looking for a more sit down evening, but definitely not a deal breaker.I don't care what else you order, but you must order the fries.  This place is my go to bar for any attitude.  It's relaxed enough to pass as casual, with a nice enough ambiance to pass as classy.  Crowd is young professional (25-40), drink selections is amazing, food is even better.  
Tons of outdoor seating with heaters, indoors can get pretty crowded.I can't believe what just happened. Ordered dessert which is supposed to take 15 minutes . 30 minutes later the bartender checks on us and tells me he didn't know what happened but they gave our dessert to the table behind us. I am so furious right now. It's my last night in town and I just completely wasted my time. The bartender didn't apologize or anything. What is wrong with people? Douche bags.We always go here when staying uptown. Love the atmosphere and wine list. Shrimp dish is fabulous and my husband loves the morrocan chicken tangine.My go to bar when visiting New Orleans. Great patio. Love the variety of gin for my G&T fix. Fries. Evan is a terrific host.Good food. Slow service. Not the friendliest bartenders - in fact they were downright rude. Would not go back.This restaurant absolutely has great selection of by the glass wine list and the food was good but the service is poor. Joseph is the best employee this restaurant had on this particular day. I will definitely come back but will not plan on any interaction with the staff or have any expectation of the staff making me feel like they appreciate my business.  Purely will be mostly for a good glass of wine!!Great wine bar and St. Charles Avenue hipster cocktail scene. No nonsense good bartender. Fries with malt vinegar aioli were a great complement to the Lumina Chardonnay.This was a great way to start the night! We came in on a late Friday night from flights pre-Mardi Gras and it was delicious. It was right next to the parade and the music was loud but fun! The bartenders were awesome and attentive despite the growing crowd. It was my first time having fro legs and it tasted just like chicken! It was also my first gumbo in NOLA! Overall, a must recommend for any new NOLA tourists!After the noise and commotion on Bourbon st. We were looking for something more refined. The walk was soooooo worth it. We took the double decker bus over to the garden district shops and just walked over. They played really fun music from the 70s 80s and on up to current. The wine list was terrific too. We started out with a glass of wine and the cheese plate. We left the chef choose but begged him not to choose goat cheese. He did a wonderful job. We then over dosed with the most gorgeous and delicious grilled cheese ever imagined or ingested. TRY IT. We ended with their crime brûlée which deserves its own personal review but I am too lazy. Go eat and enjoy!Leave your passport at home and hop onto a barstool at Delachaise for the satisfying pseudo-Euro drinking experience Uptown relishes.  The staff here know their clientele and service the throngs and masses better than most.  Pair that with the crazy inventory of delectable alcohols and stumble out sated.Introduced to me by a local, this place is possibly one of the cutest spots in New Orleans.  It's not located downtown and can be inconvenient for visitors, but if you have a car, definitely visit this spot! With its romantic lighting and patio outdoors, it's a perfect spot for a date or for friends to hangout and try out their wines, especially during happy hour!
I had their fries and their mussels, along with a glass of rose.  All of what I had was delicious, and I would definitely return here if I have the chance!It was nice to get out of the touristy stickiness of the French Quarter for a night and I thank Yelp for pointing me Uptown to the charming Delachaise.  Normally a place like this is right up my alley but, here, if the food wasn't so gawddamned good, it'd simply get an "A-OK" from me.
I heard so many good things about the pommes frites, but was chagrinned to discover that they're fried in duck fat.  I mean, I understand that some people eat animals, but duck fat, to me, sounds particularly nasty.  Boo.  However, the grilled cheese Anabella made up for it, with its ooey-gooey and perfectly melted asiago pressato and fiore sardo, ingeniously combined with house-made apple butter on semolina, and garnished with slivers of Granny Smith apple.  Hot damn!
My friend ordered the frites and grilled cheese and I ordered the Delachaise salad and the grilled cheese.  She got both of her dishes, but I didn't get my salad.  I was dying for some ruffage, so twenty or so minutes, well after we'd gotten all our other dishes, had cleaned our plates, and had them bussed, I mentioned it to the bartender.  He said it was coming, but didn't check on it.  I asked again in another ten minutes, and finally it came out.  The runner was very sweet and apologized for the delay.  It was a pretty standard salad, really, but good.
My friend and I ordered dessert.  She, the chocolate molten soufflé, and I, the bourbon-vanilla creme brulée.  Again, my friend got her dessert and ate it all up.  Time passes.  Where the frak is my dessert, yo?  I work in a restaurant, so I hate to be a pest, but again, I mentioned it to the bartender.  Service had picked up in the 90 minutes we'd been there and he was busier and got downright snippy with me when I asked.  He said, "it's coming as fast as it can, you know."  (Are you calling me fat?  Ha!)  
Normally, I'd be all, oh, cool, man, whatever, but I was due at a Fringe Fest show at 9 and it was fast gaining on 8:30.  I asked a food runner about it instead.  I apologized for being a pest, but I just had a place to be, you know?  The dessert finally came out and, sadly, 'twas not good.  My friend tried it as well and agreed.  And we are not picky about dessert.  We left the mostly uneaten portion on the table and bolted.  Sadly, that Fringe Fest show at which we were meeting friends was sold out when we got there, thanks in part to this subpar creme brulée.
I think the order-at-the-bar thing is problematic.  This is essentially a gastropub (or gastrowinebar; is that a thing?  No?  Well, it should be.) and the menu and seating are extensive enough to warrant table service.  I don't mean, like, a sit-down, fancy dinner, but at least assign bartender-types to work the floor.
That said, NOLA Hopitoulas IPA is where its at, beer-wise.  I'll preface this alcoholic confession by stating that I was not driving: I drank three, would've drunk more, too, if I didn't have elsewhere to be.I haven't been back yet, but Chef Chris DeBarr no longer works at the Delachaise according to an email I received from him. Too bad, he was such an awesome, down-to-earth guy who was willing to come out and chat with his patrons. He really has a passion for amazing food.Great patio area, great wine specials ($5!), tasty (if pricey) food, so I keep coming back, but Delachaise, I'm giving you three stars because you could be so much better. 
Every time I go to Delachaise the music is kind of loud, to the point of me having to practically yell, even when it's not very crowded. For that reason alone, I always sit outside. I prefer to yell over music when it's live music. Let's be real.
Also, the bartenders are randomly rude, but they are efficient. I never have to wait forever to get my drink even when they're busy, so cheers to that!Adorable little spot for a drink with a friend or two. Given the size, I wouldn't recommend coming here with a group unless you planned to stake out a table outside. Looking forward to coming back for an extension of my wine to please my palate with its mate.After a day of touristy exploring uptown, my friend and I stopped here on a whim. Super relaxed spot with great drinks. We got a couple of cocktails and sat outside and picked on a couple of appetizers. The staff was very friendly and offered suggestions. We were pleasantly surprised with this stopNot much that I can add...
Great atmosphere for drinking wine, and lounging back with friends.
Great chef specials (seriously, and yes, they do have food, not just alcohol)
OK appetizers (I didn't really care for the pate, or the frites)My favorite wine bar in New Orleans! The inside has great vibes and the outdoor seating area is extremely pleasant. My friends and I love coming to get a bottle of wine and the french fries are amazing!Love love love love love this place. I've been meaning to try it for a seriously long time and the perfect opportunity presented itself tonight. My friend L and I wanted to do something but didn't know what. We did know that we wanted drinks and food, so we searched for late night bites and Delachaise came up in the search. It was about 11 pm so we checked to make sure the kitchen was still open and then we were on our way.
I was half expecting a wait but the late night thing played out in our favor. There was no wait, we ordered our bottle of wine and 3 items from the food menu and went to sit down. We were sipping on the Riesling and talking and before we knew it, our food was brought to our table.
First, the mussels. Oh the mussels. What a great sauce! We dipped the fries AND the bread that came with in the sauce and it wasn't enough so we started using the bread from another dish. L wanted a little more of a kick so we asked for hot sauce and we were presented with some Thai chili sauce that the chef/cook who brought our food out went back and whipped out.
Second, the shrimp clemenceau. Also very good. I knew it was in a curry sauce but the thickness of it still surprised me somewhat when I was fishing for the potatoes and peas in the sauce.
Lastly, the flank steak bruchettas. These are not bruchettas. They are sandwich size. I love flank steak so I was looking forward to these but the marinade was very mild, especially compared to the two other dishes that were very flavorful.
Absolutely loved my experience and I will definitely be back.A welcome refuge from the madness of Mardi Gras...
After making my first visit to New Orleans this past February for Mardi Gras, Delachaise was a stand-out among the dozen-or-so watering holes we visited. If I lived in New Orleans, I'd probably be a regular.
Granted we visited ~10:30pm on a Saturday; I'm not sure if this place brands itself as a restaurant or bar, though it definitely felt the latter on this particular visit. Fine by us.
Chill, but not too chill. I found myself energized by the crowd and ambiance; rather than tiring and craving bed as some quieter wine bars sometimes do.
Good variety of drinks. Friendly, if slightly slow bartenders (but, okay, this is New Orleans--everything felt a bit slower than what I'm used to on the coasts). Comfortable booth seating.
Oh, and good bar food -- props for keeping the kitchen open late, and even offering some healthy selections! Though the cheese plate took forever, we also shared a fresh vegetable plate w/ muhamara (sp?), something I seldom see offered at bars...
Bottom line: like it.Delachaise is one of the more interesting venues to visit Uptown.  It has been doing the same thing all of the new "Gastropubs" were doing years before anybody decided to call a bar serving semi-fancy food that silly name.  The food is generally a bit pricey and ranges from average to very excellent with frequently changing items.  They also offer several cheese plate selections that are very nice quality.  The food seems to be more of a French Bistro style than what has been done at the other "Gastropub" incarnations.
They unfortunately don't offer Abita Amber but they generally do have some very good wine and some German beers that will satisfy me.  The charm and curse of this place is the long and narrow architecture of the building that limits seating and allows it to easily get crowded.  The bathroom situation really doesn't do well with crowds.  Service can be slow when the bar is crowded and if I can't get a seat at the bar I just go elsewhere as I'm not waiting that long.  The crowd is variable and some nights it is great and other nights I have no clue what alien planet landed their ship outside the bar and let their refugees out.  It is certainly a good place to hang out if you can get I seat and I prefer the less crowded times.Was a really good place. Great drinks, but tiny as hell.Nice little spot great location great liquor selection and a pretty decent menu. Outdoor and indoor seating gives he place a nice flow and we enjoyed ourselves after asking a local where to dine while visiting the garden district. Any place that has pappy available is good in my book.While on a weekend jaunt in NOLA I was staying around the corner from this place and popped in on the recommend of a friend.  Good thing I did.  Great place, the adult beverage menu is EXTENSIVE, the food was REALLY good especially the steak and the offerings diverse  which is a real surprise for bar food .  The vibe was reminiscent of Williamsburg.  The only down side to this place is you have seat yourself and its mucho packed so if you are travelling with a big group like I was then give up hope of being seated together and take the every-man for himself approach. 
NOTE:  This is a bar not a restaurant so if you go in there with this frame of mind you will appreciate its offerings.. 
OH and one more thing.. THE FRIES... good god almighty, I think its fried with voodoo potatoes it was so good.  I missed it when I got home...sigh!This place is getting two stars because the food was decent once we were served. I took my two New Orleans friends to this place because they were charmed by the outside and had wanted to go. There is no real table service. You have to order all food/ drinks at the bar. Poor bartender was swamped. He was the only one working. The floor staff stood around bored, eating, or checking their phones. Once the food did arrive I asked for some ketchup for my fries and the waitress said I could go across the street to the gas station to buy some. No joking or sense of irony, she was dead serious. The cheese plate arrived and I asked which cheeses were which. The waiter who delivered them said, "You don't know, you ordered them?". He then went on to say he actually did substitute one because they didn't have what I ordered- Thanks a lot! Again, he was not joking and zero kindness in his voice. I still left a small tip because the bartender was kind and the wine and food were decent. I would never go back or recommend it to anyone.Sweet, sweet, sweet mother of God. Not only is the food good, the drink priced right, and the selection fantastic, but my god in heaven! The service! Any of these fools on here that say anything (ANYTHING!) about the poor service obviously has never seen Josh Hall in action. Don't know Josh Hall? Not my problem; you my friend, are missing out. To high-five Josh Hall is like high-fiving sunshine (without the 3rd degree burns). Every time I go there it's like that time I went to Seaworld and got a blowjob from Shamu. No joke (and long story). Go to Delachaise and give Josh and friends all your money. And quit bitching about no table service you baby; this is New Orleans, and you're obviously an asshole.Great atmosphere and amazing food. I had to give Delachaise only 3 stars because of the confusing situation when you first enter the restaurant and the terrible service received. 
The bartenders are friendly and helpful, but service definitely needs some help. 
Atmosphere is great and romantic.One of the most " uppity" establishments I have ever been to in New Orleans.  If you are looking for attitude with arrogance, this is the place for you.   But not for me.There's nothing like checking in on Foursquare and getting the "Lookin' for Love" badge when you first try a place.  It's like one of the brochures Emma Pillsbury has on "Glee" -- "So the bar you just walked into is a singles bar".  I looked at my husband and he just shrugged.  We looked over the huge blackboards over and around the bar before deciding on two beers.  I went to the bar and ordered.  They were out of both beers.  Isn't that the point of blackboard menus?  That they're easy to keep up to date?  The bartender suggested the Blanche De Chambly instead of the wit.  I hesitated because that was my husband's beer order, so the bartender said "It's Canadian."  To which I replied, "Yes, Unibroue."  He seemed shocked that I knew the brewery.  We got the Chambly and a Chimay White plus an appetizer.  I tried to order a second round, but we decided we didn't want to give them any more money and just asked for the check.I visited the Delachaise a few times during Chris DeBarr's tenure and was most impressed.  Sadly trying to enjoy food or a drink in an establishment that allows smoking is a waste of time.  When I heard that the Delachaise is now non-smoking, I was really happy.  We returned to have several small plates, some wine and spirits.  Everything was pretty tasty and a couple of things were outstanding (Johnny Cakes were the best).  The glass selection of wines and spirits is (as always) impressive, not only in variety but quality as well.  There was no table service but I'm not sure if this is the norm.  We were happy to sit at the bar.  Service was a bit challenged due to the number of people who seem to come here to grab a quick drink before dinner somewhere else, putting the bar in the weeds only to leave it a ghost town 20 minutes later.  If you are one of these people, knock it off.  Come here a good hour or more before your reservations and get a small plate to hold you over.  This place deserves your attention.Definitely one of my top five places to get a glass and eat later in the evening after work. The flank steak bruschetta is INSANE! Just have some mouth wash or gum in you're on a date for after. A bit garlic/pesto amazingness that likes to hang on a while.Pretentious, but good.  I give the food a B+.  The beer/wine/spirits selection an A.  Service B.  It's cool though.Stopped at Delachaise while on a cross country road trip with my younger cousin.  The food and the atmosphere was great.  I'd describe Delachaise as being comfortably cosmopolitan and the emphasis is on really good food.A friend of mine wanted to catch up and recommended we go here. It was my first time and I was impressed. The place is a little tight but they offer outdoor seating. We came on a Wednesday night and the place was packed. 
Loves how they have all the items displayed on a black chalkboard. They also serve food, albite a very limited menu.
Will come again soon!Delachaise is exactly what I want out of a wine bar - plus more.
The wine selection is good here, but it's nice that a full bar services the venue. I've been here for the occasional glass of wine, but the best time was a Gin and Tonic sort of an evening, making for an interesting night in a dream-like atmosphere.
I think Delachaise sets the mood for a laid back, slightly romantic evening. Not in the sense that it's the best date spot in town (although it's in the running), but that being on the patio along St. Charles while the sun is going down almost makes one feel like they are buzzed amongst Tinkerbell's stopping grounds (which to me, sounds pretty magical). 
The service is excellent. My bartenders have always been friendly and generous, giving suggestions, charging reasonable amounts, and ensuring that the guests are entertained and satisfied. The food is also delicious - even the fries. This will continue to be a place that I habit on relaxing evenings in my neighborhood.I used to adore Delachaise back when I lived nearer to Uptown.  it definitely had the potential to be one of my more favored bars in New Orleans, but I haven't been there lately.  
Anyway, to put it succinctly this is more like a junior wine bar than a fully stock OMG WINE!!! bar.  It does also offer a nice array of beers for you manly men out there who refuse to touch wine (look, I know you exist!).  There's also a nice selection of appetizers or full on meals to accompany your various adult beverages.  I've only had some of the sampler platter, vegan options are sparse, but my friends who've ordered the other items have all been quite pleased.
The venue itself is an elongated shape - shotgun style, perhaps?  There are tables, seats, bar stools etc. kind of just shoved wherever they would fit - very limited is what I'm trying to say.  As per usual, a very dimly lit establishment - possibly a nice date destination as it's usually not incredibly rowdy in here.  
I very much like Delachaise because it feels like it's a happening bar, without it being actually ramped up and happenin' - if you know what I mean.  It's been the location of many nice evenings with friends - just chatting away, drinking wine, and chillaxing.  
This isn't the cheapest place, can be a little moderately pricey, but you pay for the ambiance and food and alcohol selection, I suppose.This is such a cool spot with tons of options. The chef is very creative with menu items. 
The crowd is pretty mixed and it varies from college age kids to local business professionals getting a quick bite or drink after work.My favorite mussels in the whole city. Getting the fries is always a good idea. Good amount of whiskey to choose from and also can be very budget friendly with $5 red/white/sparklingFour stars for location, ambiance, and their bar/patio space. 
Three starts for cheeses. 
Zero starts for their men's bathroom. 
Even though I live pretty close to Delachaise, I hadn't been there in the last year. In looking for something other than the same'ol places we go to, we decided to go in for some wine and cheese. 
In arriving as per usual, the seating area was lively with lots of people having a good time enjoying their drinks. Ordered the five cheese plate and a couple of drinks-- sat down and the food came out pretty quickly. The cheeses were good, served with bread and spicy walnuts, but I think it would have been better if there was a preservative/jelly of some sort as well. 
On our way out I decided to use the men's bathroom... now, just to preface my past experience with bathrooms-- I'm not a person that requires much. I've been to very poor countries around the world (think rural Bolivia bus station) and managed just fine. But when I opened Delachaise's men's bathroom door and turned on the light-- it was like someone had dropped a cockroach bomb in there. At least 15-20 of different sizes and colors all over the floor advancing towards me as if I had walked in without invitation into their space. I instantly opted to apologetically retreat. Still, one brave roach stood up to me on behalf of the gaggle and attacked. While I'm not proud of what happened next, suffice to say I did what had to be done. But you have to understand, it was me or him! 
On a positive side, my GF said the lady's room was just fine-- though I have no personal knowledge of its state.I really like this little place. It's got a good wine list and is open relatively late so that restaurant industry people can come in after work and grab a cheese plate or some appetizers. 
It's a great date place and the staff is pretty friendly.Beautiful selection of wine and beer. Friendly service. Great way to while away the happy hours sipping wine and watching the streetcar trundle by.The staff behind the bar is more than rude. Appalling at best.
However the eggplant dish is delish. .the johnny cakes were dry and almost tasteless. And this is every time we go. The only saving grace is the patio and the alcoholic libation selection. 
The mafango is awful..the goat fat fries taste like rancid oil.Nice enough place but at the end of the day it was simply a bar ( and there are plenty of those here ) with a humorless bartender who hailed from France and was dressed in drag for Carnival w/e. Great costume but you'd of thought he was into the whole Mardi Gras atmosphere what with his get up. It wasn't that crowded ( at first ) when I ordered and whereas most barkeeps in this city are fairly engaging even when slammed w/ customers this guy couldn't be bothered to even mutter a reply or manage a smile of any sort. Not looking for a best friend, just a civil attitude from someone who deals w/ the public everyday. From all the reviews I read it may have been an off day for the guy. Just saying, it colors one's impression of a place and makes you hesitant to return.Quality wines, wonderful cheeses, excellent decor - no reason to complain here - definitely suggest to anyone in the area.This place is a must for late night dinning. Serving a full menu until midnight most days. The delachaise also has a killer by the glass program. And the bar tenders will gladly pair a glass with anything from a cheese plate to a lamb burger.The food and drink was good but nothing compared to the after effects of food poisoning.  I'd say pass.This is one of my favorite little places to go for drinks and a lite bite.  The wine and beer selection is always superb.  For food, the flank steak bruschetta is a must.  The horseradish sauce that they serve with it makes the dish!  I tried the mussels for the first time during my last visit and was blown away.  The broth that it is served in is so flavorful....ask for more bread for dipping.  The mussells are also served with the duck fat pomme frites....and these are as delicious as you imagine.  This is the perfect spot to stop by pre-movie!On a Friday night you can expected a packed house, a fight to the death for seating.  Extensive wine and liquor list (a little overwhelming). They have a fair share of food options. The cheese platter is amazing and they have some of the best fries in the city. Definitely a dating vibe associate with the ambiance.  They also have additional seating outside along St. Charles to add to the experience.  I recommend it for date night or for a night out with some friends to explore the wine world.Rico love to drink glass of sarah wine so Dechase is good.  Rico no like to be in dechaise with 1000 pretty people who agrvate in nice clothes so have to begin early in bar.  When Rico start early drinking srah wine the night become another adventure.  Rico give crazy look at freind if asked to go here for the weekend night.  Bring towel so you always have shining glass.Delachaise deserves  a 4 or 5 star rating for the atmosphere, beverage selection, and a select few of the food menu items (goose-fat fries, grilled cheese - to name a few) BUT because of the terribly rude service that I have experienced time and time again, I am rating it 2 stars. The (bald, accent) bartender/order taker/server is consistently miserable and ignores customers. I hope that this establishment decides to take action on this, as the reviews say it all. There are far superior happy hour bars in NOLA to spend my time & money.Came here for a nice glass of wine and a bite after work. Because really, one can only have so much Miller High Life (I know that's not true, but you know what they say about variety).
I admit I don't know a TON about wine, but the "by the glass" list didn't leave me wanting anything. I had plenty to choose from, and had two glasses of a Spanish Tempranillo. It was great. 
The food was even better. Goose fat fries, olives, and the frog legs. Everything was well cooked, well seasoned, and tasted great. 
I would absolutely come here again, both to eat and drink. Thoroughly enjoyed it.Fair.  Two blocks from the hotel, so that was a plus.  Kinda dirty, you have to order at the bar if you sit at a table or outside.  Slow, not very responsive service.  No such think as quick here.Delachaise is a sure thing if you are looking for a talkative crowd.  The intimate quarters make it feel busy every evening and at $25 for a bottle of the house wine, you can talk for quite awhile at a reasonable cost.  The quaint patio gives you a chance to watch the streetcars on St. Charles pass by and experience the crisp night air.  The food has great presentation, but be prepared to wait for it.  The crowd has the appearance of a Tulane book club, but where else would an intellectual crowd hang out if not at a wine bar.  A wonderful experience overall.Somehow until recently I have never actually eaten here- which makes me realize I have been missing out! I like the vibe this place gives off and I never fail to have a great time catching up with friends. 
Started off with a nice wine and a cheese place- was not disappointed! The mussels were also very good and quite a large portion, definitely enough for a meal. I had a special - I can't quite remember the name, but it was gnocchi. And oh my it was delicious! Served with a red sauce and some slow cooked pork goodness. If this is being offered again, I highly recommend!One of the best shrimp po-boys I've ever had!  The staff was super chill and friendly. Plus the ambiance was cool too. I'd definitely go back.The matzo ball soup sold me on this place as i had gotten soaked to the bone out in the rain all day. Hoping a delicious warm bowl of matzo ball goodness would warm my insides and help me not to get sick (it is Jewish medicine after all). After a somewhat in appropriately long wait for my soup to arrive (hence gettin knocked down a star) it finally came. A giant ball o matzo in the middle surrounded by plenty of carrot and chicken breast chunks arrived. The ratio of ball to carrot to chicken was perfect and the broth was flavorful without being too salty as sometimes it can be. Savoring every delicious bite, it warmed me, healed me, and was The Best bowl of matzo ball soup I've ever had. This soup special should be a permanent fixture on the menu and executive chef RJ Tsarov be given an award by Jews everywhere for the magical soup all our Jewish mothers and grandmothers dream about making.Delachaise is a great place to hang out with friends for drinks. I love to sit on St. Charles Avenue and have drinks and appetizers. I was super excited when they decided to make the place non-smoking. The drinks here are great, they are never skimpy on the liquor, there are always specials on bottles of wine and they have a large selection to choose from.  Then there are great things to eat too. I will start with the pommes frites, these are the best fries in NOLA. They are fried in goose fat for cryin out loud!!! They come with two great dipping sauces and they are hard to stop eating. Then there is the cheese board, it's always a different selection of cheeses, and you can get 2, 3 or 4 different ones on the board. It usually comes with some apples, nuts and maybe some hone on the plate, and the baguette. Mmmmmm. My one complaint, they need to do something about the smell of sewerage that plagues the place. I'm sure it's due to the fact that it probably has mega old plumbing, but the smell from the bathroom fills the place now that there is no smoking. Think they need to invest in a plumber. Besides this little problem, I need to be going back soon!This reminds of the bars and cafes where I used to go when I was living in Europe. I love this place. Great atmosphere, great food, great selection of alcohol. I have special memories here, including a first date. Before, the smoking used to throw me off (I don't mind smoking, but it was toooo much), now it's nonsmoking. Great place. Last I remember it doesn't open until five, unless that changed.I love this place! Food does not disappoint and selection for drinks is great too. The place is small for the amount of people that are usually in there. And the service is not the best... But not as bad that I can overlook.It makes me sad to give this restaurant one star, but I have no choice. I typically love the food and the wine, but I recently experienced such abysmal service that I am forced to share it in a negative review. I took my out of town cousin to Delachaise for wine and small plates. She is SEVERELY allergic to all nuts, not just peanuts. We spoke to the bartender (a very rude and self important Frenchman) who took our order and he didn't seem to care at all about her allergy. His response was "Sure whatever. You'll be fine. It doesn't matter". His Attitude was extremely negative and he acted as if we were flies buzzing around his head. I am in the service industry and this is NEVER how you treat a guest. We received our food and low and behold, it contained nuts. My cousin had a severe allergic reaction and ended up vomiting outside of the restaurant and had to be taken to the hospital. This server/bartender should be fired and never work in service again. I typically love this restaurant and this experience has stained it for me. It's very sad.Great drinks! Great food! And most of all
Great service! Even the manager? Owner? Pitching in!I always enjoy myself at Delachaise. It's great for happy hour, post-dinner, first dates, second dates and any night of the week.
One of my favorite things about this little wine bar is the $5 house wines. They always have a red, white, rose and sometimes a sparkling. It's normally a pretty decent wine for a great deal. 
Food is also delicious. Extensive cheese selection. The goat cheese they offer with honey drizzled over the top is hands-down my favorite (Note: I was corrected by a Delachaise employee that this cheese is not on the menu; perhaps it is something I remember from years past.) Their spiced pecans are also quite yummy. Another great thing to try is the Flank Steak Bruschetta and their gourmet grilled cheese. Everything is fried in goose fat. Fantastic!
A few new things about Delachaise in the past few months is Free Wi-Fi, lunch available during the weekends and here's the best thing: They've gone SMOKE-FREE!The first time I went here, I was less than impressed.  It was packed, I couldn't find a seat and the people were kind of rude.  
When my boyfriend suggested a few months ago that we check it out, I was hesitant.  It was kind of early, so we gave it a try.  We got to sit at the bar, which was a huge plus.  Then, it was time to order "munchies".  We got a yummy cheese plate and the "pomme fritas" (I think that's the spelling) with some Chimay from the tap.  It was fantastic!
I would definitely suggest going a little early, if you aren't into the crowded "bar" scene.  It's a really great little date place and a good place to start the night.One of our favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  The steak bruschetta is wonderful!  We also love their duck fat fries with garlic and peanut aolis.This place is normally right up my alley. Unique, wine bar, with original food and a romantic atmosphere. However, it was super smokey and the wine list was disappointing. I may have high expectations after just going tasting last weekend in Sonoma; but for wines by the glass it was pretty grim. I didn't even finish my glass of white. I ordered the crab cakes; and I wished for something a bit more substantial; they were creative. I would like to try this place again and see if it does a better job the second time around.Highly recommended! One of the coolest, greatest places to hang out at, drink, eat and be merry in NO. Amazing cheese plates (you can choose from 20 diff int'l cheeses) great wine selection. The food was scrrrrumptious, delissshhh! Prices are moderate and well worth the quality. The specials on the blackboards looked amazing full of local seafood stuff, definitely going to try them next time as I will surely be back in a few days! It's a smoker's hangout with smoking permitted along the bar and eating areas, so if you're allergic to smoke, this place is not for you.Intimate, relaxed, romantic spot spot for a drink and nosh with friends. It also seems like it would be a great date spot!This review is not for the food; we came by for a drink. It was a little too cold to sit outside, so we sat at the bar. The wine list is extensive and affordable. Oldies were on the radio. The red walls, dim lighting, candles and alcohol....... this place is SEXUAL. PERFECT for a date night... too bad I didn't have a sexy man with me (sorry, friend :) ).I LOVE the vibe of this place and always take out of town guests here.  It's so cute and convenient for bar hopping/touring the city.  They always have specials on their glasses of wine which is a bonus.  Their fries are fried in goose fat and now I don't want fries any other way.  I'm not a very good vegetarian...  It comes with some sort of malt vinegar aioli that I want to smother myself in.  Eeek TMI.Probably the best "first date spot" in NOLA for young people. Location is perfect and the string light ambiance makes it an exciting but also casual place to meet for a glass of wine and a bite to eat. I would call the food gourmet bar food. My absolute favorite is the mussels with fries. The broth is so delicious- i always ask for extra bread for dipping!What a great Thursday! My boyfriend and I went here for the Dining Out for Life HIV prevention event in New Orleans. Delachaise was one of the establishments that agreed to donate 25% of all profits to HIV/AIDS organizations. 
We got there pretty early, around 5:30 PM and it was just starting up. We stopped by the bar and looked over the great $25 bottle specials offered that night and ended up on a sparkling rose. We also drooled over the cute little cheese clipboard as we marked off our four selections: a french blue, a "funky" goat cheese, an interesting cheddar with mustard seeds and ale, and one other goat cheese. We then took our wine in its nice silver ice bucket and proceeded outside to sit and talk while we gazed on St. Charles and people watched and listened to the big old streetcars amble by loaded with tourists heading to and from downtown. 
Our cheese selections came out on a smart slate cheeseboard. They were accompanied by a toasted baguette sliced in perfect thin pieces, some spiced walnuts, and some apple sliced just so. The cheese portions were acceptable, but, definitely on the smaller side of what was expected. But, it was a great plate nonetheless. As we ate our cheese and drank our bubbles the clouds rolled in as they do every afternoon during NOLA summers and we darted inside as it began to rain. 
Now inside in the great little porch like front seating area we decided since it was rainy outside we would prolong our stay get more wine and more food and just enjoy. We ordered a carmenere, steak bruschetta, and some goose fat fries. Everything was so delicious. The steak was cooked rare and was tender and easy to bite which can be a problem with bruschetta and was delicious with the herb spread on the crusty french bread. The fries were also amazing, super crisp with nice flaky sea salt on them. They came with garlic mayo and a asian inspired peanut sauce both of which I enjoyed very much.
Overall this was the PERFECT wine bar experience and I cannot wait to go back. Great for a nice casual date full of conversation, delicious food, and of course tasty wine.Good beer and wine selection but the bartenders are a bit highbrow for me.  The place is very crowded and they could have used a few more bartenders as well.Delachaise, oh I fucking love you. 
I love your little quaint decor.
I love your selection of cheeses.
I love you wine list, your booze, your everything.
If you came with a penis, I'd marry you. 
Cozy spot with a great menu. Everything on the menu is good. 
This place does tend to get busy. I don't blame them, the prices are very reasonable. Come in seat your fucking self and order at the bar... They give you a table number.. Your food comes out. Service gets busy but they know wtf they are doing. There's also plenty of pretty people here.Still incredible. I don't EVER eat french fries, for example I can be in a car full of hot and "fresh" french fries from McDonalds while they are consumer by others (classy I know) and I still do not want them.
Yet, I FREAKIN crave Delachaise's fries. I am pretty positive that they add some sort of addictive chemical to them, maybe it's the goosefat they fry them in. And their cheese? Amazing.
 This bar will always have my vote. Lately, they've had a nice bartender, Thierry, from France. I think I am in love because he knows his cocktail.I love this place despite the slowest, most impersonal bartenders in town--perhaps they're perennially understaffed? Awesome outdoor and indoor areas, dope wine specials, good cocktails, and plentiful bittys. I've never forked out the cash to eat here, but it shore smells good.Thank you Yelp for this find! Delachiase is responsible for the single most delicious edible during our six day stay in New Orleans; the apricot Riesling Creme Brulee. Absolutely amazing. 
We stuck with the specials of the evening and I would recommend that strategy to anyone. We got the chef's cheese plate, followed by Prosciutto wrapped prawns over a super tasty polenta. Then we hit the desert menu; the apricot Riesling Creme Brulee practically drove us insane with its deliciousness, and after a conversation with the Chef, he brought out the second desert, black rice sitting in a soup of Tahitian vanilla coconut milk & cantaloupe juice/soup. Oh so good. 
The drink menu was extensive. We stuck to the wine for the most part. Part of me wishes they had a greater selection of wines by the glass, but part of me enjoyed having only one glass of each wine type. It simplifies things. 
If you've never been to Delachaise and are thinking of going.... just go.Only one thing I have to say about this place : Pomme Frittes!
Fried in duck fat and served with two different sauces : Peanut asian inspired sauce is my favorite. I know its a $8 but believe me its worth it.
* Note: You have to order @ bar. They will deliver to your table. 
Also, if you are with a big group don't expect to be served at the same time.Very cozy and unique atmosphere. Love the ambiance at night. Had the ham & Brie sandwich with the amazing fries that are cooked in duck fat. I only ate half of my meal because it was very filling, brought the rest to-go. Had a glass of the house wine and beer for the remainder of the evening. Very enjoyable experience.Loved the special, yummy chicken bbq on plantains! Nice atmosphere.  Disappointed in the service.  3 of us, 1 got her meal 30 mins before me and the 3rd person got here another 10 mins later and it was an appetizer.Pricey, but well worth it. We went there at night time, sat out on the patio... and enjoyed the St Charles view. Night time menu : moules et frites ( mussels with a side of duck-fat fried fries ) , flank steak bruschettas, and the cheese plate ( add caperberries ) ...is some great starters for a group to snack on and conversate.  ( like we did ) 
So good I came back for lunch. Had one of the best shrimp po'boys ever. ( and I'm not even a po boy kind of gal, but my husband literally had to sacrifice most of his po boy because I couldn't stop eating it ) 
Great location, good parking. Great food, good atmosphere.Love this place! Went here for my 21st birthday and they gave me my first drink free! Also had a wonderful cheese platter and amazing fries. I'm coming back!The Delachaise is truly decadent in atmosphere, food, and drinks. It's a wine bar, which you can either get by the glass or bottle. Their selection is extensive. If you're not sure what to get, ask the bartender, and they would be happy to recommend you something. Torn between 2 choices? They did allow me to sample the 2 I was torn between. I would hate to pay for something that I'm not sure if I would like or not.
Now onto their food! DELICIOUS! Most recently I came here for a friend's birthday, and I got the Grilled Eggplant Cannolis. SUPERB! 
Whether you're coming here for date night or just with a small group of friends, you will enjoy this place. I really don't know why I don't come here more often.This place is a little expensive, so it attracts a mostly white, upper-class crowd. However, it is a great concept, and perfectly possible--with a little suave--to secure a bite to eat and a drink for a totally reasonable price. The drink selection is impressive, with excellent prices on beers from around the world, and a good basic $5 house wine, white and red. It's also great to have a wine bar with free WIFI, yay. Delicious food and you can get a full meal for a mid-range price of around $13 although most entreés are in the $20s. There's also a range of appetizers if you're just feeling peckish. Like other reviewers, I recommend the "goosefat fries", which if a little expensive for fries, are abundant and unique and come with really cool sauces and blazing sea salt. Atmosphere (music, comfort) is great and it's a really cute little place--definitely fun and unique. It's possible to bring your computer and work, especially if you have headphones--or a date.Mussels. Amazing
Frites. Outstanding. 
Olives. Delicious. 
Wine. Spectacular. 
Basically we love this place. Can't wait to go back.Solidly meh. The frozen rose was overpriced and we were overcharged for some of our food. The food itself was meh. Good French fries, but no better than those fried in regular oil. The flank bruschetta left something to be desired. The twice cooked pork was pretty alright. You have to order your own drinks and food at the bar. It wasn't terrible but I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.I've frequented the Delachaise for three years, and while the food and wine selection remains excellent, the restaurant is rapidly becoming unpleasantly filthy. 
The bar and chairs are sticky, the ladies' room is dirty and haphazard (and includes graffiti), and there are small roaches scurrying about behind the bar (I saw one, but there is never just one).
The booth upholstery is torn, with duct tape covering the holes.
The Delachaise is a popular place; I think a remodeling and a super clean is in order.Delicious fries, though a bit salty. Loved the dipping sauce. I had the best ham and Brie sandwich EVER, it had arugula stuffed in the middle of it which made for a nice crunchy taste. Thought it was kinda weird that you had to order at the bar ... I got water so of course there were no refills, though I suppose I could have gone up to the bar for one. Wasn't sure how much to tip either since they bring you the food and that's about it.
Big selection of beer and wine though we didn't drink that night, too.For those wanting a very cool atmosphere to enjoy quality wines, beers and liquors, then this is the place you should go. The menu is also very good and the cheese list is to die for!
Best time to get there is around 7 before it gets too crowded and enjoy a glass of wine and order up some food. A great place to meet your friends or to take your date. My favorite wine bar in NOLA.Boy oh boy!  After the wedding I hooked up with some old friends and the after party had us hungry.  This ended up being the place we wound up and I couldn't have been more happy!  This place is smaller but man, it brings the big guns!  The bar is fully stocked and I was REALLY sad to have seen their whiskey selection as I was leaving but that was probably for the best.  We started with the goose fat fries and they were so dang good!  They came with a malt vinegar aioli and a thai inspired sauce as well.  They were so good, we ordered a second!  A friend got the Thai seasoned mussels, they were good but the broth was a little overpowering.  I got the twice cooked pork with yucca, good lord y'all.  That stuff was religious.  I honestly can't remember what the other friend had but we were all happy with our choices.  We ended up closing the place down and nobody there batted an eyelash.  THIS, is what you want.  Also, the prices were on point.  $16.5 for an entree?!  Wow.This place is a staple. I love the Pomme Frites in goose fat, and there's a pretty solid wine selection. The bartenders are friendly and attentive, but don't hound patrons. Love.Outdoor seating is nice. Bartenders very knowledgeable. Drink menu is color coded by subtype of beer which is a nice touch. When the weather is nice I can't think of a better place to go after dinner to sit and watch the streetcars go by. Crowd was anywhere from 20s to 60s which is another nice thing about Delachaise. In that same block is the Sovereign, a British pub worth checking out too.Really cool spot with a big city feel smack in the middle of the Garden District.  Outdoor dining is a hit and makes for great people watching.
The whole "order your food from the bar" and stalk out an empty table game is a little obnoxious, especially if you're starving.  I'd have to advise against coming here at peak times if you're in a hurry.  If you've got plenty of time on your hands, which everyone in New Orleans seems to, you're in for a treat.  I'm learning to be patient and I'm glad I was.
The wine, beer and spirits lists are well priced and quite extensive.  They also offer $5 wine specials which are hard to pass up.
As for food  - The ribeye is up there with the best steaks I've ever tasted.  $24 gets you a perfectly cooked, 12 oz cut topped with a decadent blue cheese butter and a mound of goose-fat fries with a garlic aioli.  Un-friggin-real and totally worth the triple bypass that I'll probably need.Here for a Divorce Party and enjoying a good night eating and drinking.   Great atmosphere and environment.   Double pork and oysters!We had a bad service from this place and tonight we decided to give a chance since we live in the neighborhood. But, the bartender is either ignorant or racist. My wife (white) feels that if she was with a white guy we could have received a faster service. I had to walk away coz I work hard for my money and I deserve some professional service not ignorant guy behind the desk.  The place looks attractive but full of garbage.Not usually here on a Monday night (yes I am). Sam is a so great. She's good to talk to, she makes a killer drink, and she is personable. Keep herWonderful place for a meet up!!! The mixologist are superb!!! 
The patio rocks! The bar is cozy! Definitely worth a stop!DO NOT GO THERE. Service was crap. Not only did we (4 people) wait 1h 30 without getting our food, but the manager refused to give us our food (even though it was ready apparently) because we had asked for our money back. such a shame that place has such management and we are highly disappointed. But a place is known for how it treats its customers so i'd recommend not going and spending your money elsewhere more worthwhile.This place gets 4.5 stars.
It's the perfect place to have a second date.  Very romantic and a wide selection of wines and liquors.   My wife loves to come here and order a cheese plate.
The only problem I have is parking and the prices are a little bit too high... BUT it doesn't stop me from going back time after time.While I have eaten here, it's been years (although I do remember it being good food), so this is just a review of The Delachaise as a place to grab a drink. 
On a Tuesday we decided to go to The Delachaise to just grab a drink before dinner. I had a good Rose and the selection of beer is ample--considering this place bills itself as a wine bar. To that end, the wine list is relatively extensive but well curated. The atmosphere at the Delachaise--at least for me--is the perfect combination of "a little bit classier" and laid back. It feels relaxed, romantic and cozy but also vibrant and fun. One of my favorite places in NOLA. 
I've never had a problem with service, although it is true that you have to order at the bar (as there is no table service). I have also always known exactly what I wanted so I'm not sure if the servers/bartenders are friendly and helpful in guiding you in drink selections. Anyway, make sure you're ready to order at the bar and then have a good time!We come here every time we visit NOLA after stumbling upon it one evening!!! Great wine and beer selection and a cool vibe, perfect for hanging out inside or on the patio.I would definitely recommend this place.
FOOD: Amazing. The flank steak bruschetta was so good. I hear the frog legs and mussels are really great as well.
DRINKS: Solid selection of beers for a New Orleans bar (meaning not just Abita). Lots of Belgians and other good stuff.
SERVICE: Good. The bartender made great recommendations and was really fun.
It also has pretty cool vibe/atmosphere.Thanks for steering me in the right direction, my friends. I'm staying down the street from Delachaise and just had the steak frites based on a few good reviews. I was not disappointed!
Someone said it reminds them of a NYC type of bar. I agree. In fact I'd say this place is very similar to d.b.a. in the East Village...but with New Orleans style, I can only guess (I've been here 3 hours). 
- 6 well chosen taps (Spaten, Schneider Weisse, Flying Dog...) - I opted for local and had the NOLA Hopitoulas. 
- Lots of bottles.
- Excellent menus for aged Scotch (Macallen, Lagavulin...), Irish Whiskey, Bourbon, and Gin (Hendricks, Plymouth, Old Raj...). 
- New punk and alternative (The Killers, Radiohead...) played relatively low, but it was dinner time. 
- Steak frites were great - relatively thin steak, but juicy and cooked to order. Frites are fried in duck fat cut with oil. They were crispy and had a rich oil flavor. 
I did not have any problem with the service. I was there on Labor Day, and there was only one bartender for several customers, but he managed it well and the food came quickly.I'm sorry but I have to do this. I must channel my inner Buffy to review Delachaise. You were warned. OMG, this place is so super amazeballs, y'all! They have an overcrowded bar that makes it super difficult to order drinks but that's awesome because I just stand there like a deer in the headlights and take up room so other people can't order. I give the people behind me super-judgey looks so they feel inferior and want to leave. I don't move when the waitresses are trying to get around me because I want them to know that I am sooo more important than them. Don't they know me?!? I love this meat market so much that I wish I could be here like 24/7. I have no idea how much anything costs because I just charge it on Daddy's Visa FTW!
Ok, back to Lindsay. I used to love hang out on the patio of the Delachaise, listen to Cracky McSax (homeless saxophone player), drink some wine, and eat some cheese with my friends. The last several times I have gone to Delachaise it has been nothing but an overcrowded meat market filled with pretentious twits and nimrods. So I limit time there now. It's probably very nice on a Wednesday night. The staff is usually pretty nice, the selection is OK, but the prices are a bit on the high side now. So 4 stars for what it used to be, 2 stars for the Buffys.Great place for a late night dinner.  The frog legs were awesome along with the goat cheese wrapped eggplant.  I would suggest to the servers when you are so intoxicated that you drop wine bottles on the patio that you clean them up, the patio can be a little dangerous if you are not wearing shoes and you don't see the glass right away.Why didn't I give Delachaise 5 stars the first time around?  I honestly have no idea.  It really has become my go-to spot for delicious late night food and drinks.  You MUST get the Flank Steak Bruschetta, Moules et Frites, Steak Frites, and if you're not hungry, you MUST at least get the Duck Fat Pommes Frites.  They're out of this world!  And the sauces that accommodate them make it the perfect concoction.  They also offer a vast selection of excellent wines that will acquire to anyone's preferences.  And if you're not into wine, they also offer good beers and alcohol for all.  I'm a red wine kind of gal and the Malbec served here has to be one of the best I've tried.  So deliciously smooth and full-bodied.
I love how charming and relaxed the atmosphere is.  It makes for a great place to hang out with friends and indulge in numerous conversations.  Delachaise always guarantees a wonderful time.  If you haven't been, GO!
P.S. Delachaise tends to get pretty crowded, even on weekdays so try to come early for a good spot.A great little bar with a wonderful selection of wines and beer.  The goose fat fries with the aioli sauce are delectable.  Always a great place to meet friends for a drink and/or a meal.  The outside patio and twinkle lights definitely add to the charming atmosphere.  
One word of advice, however.  When ordering any kind of wine, don't ask for the "house" version- there is no such thing and chances are they'll only give you the most expensive glass of wine for that variety...  If you're budget conscious, be specific!I wasn't as bowled over as some of the reviewers. Yes, they have a good selection of wine and beer and the food is delicious, but you're basically paying $6-$10 for drinks and $12-$15+ for appetizers. The high prices are presumably for the atmosphere, but is it really that great? Mainly it's so loud you can't talk to anyone without shouting. Although I realize this is what some people are looking for in a bar, I'd rather spend the same money to have a good meal somewhere else.I liek the curly haired dude. I liek the grilled cheese. In conclusion, I would go back to Delachair. thanksIf this place were in my neighborhood, I would come here several times a week.  Cool vibe, mellow service, outstanding drink selection and very solid food.I've been to Delachaise on a few different occasions. I've been with J to enjoy a quiet outdoor dinner, we've been for a late night snack and drinks and I've been just for cocktails. Every time I'm here I have a great time. 
There's nothing amazing about this place but also nothing terrible. It's super close to J's house so that's why we visit so often. The staff is generally a little stuck up and rude so you'll have to get past that if you care to visit. I wish they were a little more helpful when it comes to suggesting drinks since they have such a large selection, oh well!
During my first visit I tried the Pommes Frites (fried in goose fat) and yes I'm a vegetarian but all the reviews talked about them so I felt like I was missing out on something. They were delicious but I could feel my arteries clogging while I ate them. It's a nice splurge every once in awhile. We've also tried the Eggplant Cannolis (Grilled Eggplant with Piped in Ricotta, Chevre, Herbs, & served w/ Muhammara) and they were delicious. I normally get the Grilled Cheese Anabella (asiago pressato, fiore sardo & our house made apple butter on semolina) because it's really the only main course that a veggie can eat. The food is generally good but definitely over priced. 
Being able to walk down St. Charles a few blocks and enjoying a beer with J is well worth it and we'll definitely be back.LOVE LOVE the Delachaise for the best patio, wine and food nearby in a fun casual atmosphere. Favorite place by far to meet up with friends on the patio. The mussels are the best I've ever had. I do love their famous pomme frites but don't order often because I try to go with healthier options. They are fabulous though! The grilled cheese is amazing. The wine selection as well as spirits is outstanding. While they have great wine specials for $5 I opt for my favorite which is 2-3 dollars less a glass than I've experienced elsewhere. The bartenders are all nice. There was one that I didn't particularly like but they are no longer there. All that being said the woman's bathroom is in a need of painting and new tile which I heard they are planning on doing soon. Also be ware that you order at the bar and if getting food the chef brings it out to you. At times we go as much 4-6x a month. My husband likes to watch football games there too. For some reason it's never crowded during games so it's perfect for us. 
Love it!I don't like the crowd at this place. It's best described as lowbrow yuppie. There also seemed to be some awkward OK Cupid meetups going on when I visited. Also tipsy secretaries. Gross. They have a good selection of wine, beer and liquor, but their menu leaves a lot to be desired. The pate is tough, bland and does not appear to have been made on the premises. When I visited with my sister one busy Thursday night, she ordered the Salad Nicoise, only to be told the salad was "out." When she asked what specific ingredients the kitchen was out of (i.e. eggs, tuna, etc.), they said: "Everything." Very unhelpful. My sister then requested a simple green salad with some of the flank steak from the steak bruschetta appetizer on top. Even though this was a simple request, the bartender/server refused, offering no reason as to why they could not fulfill this request. The bar itself was a bit dirty, and the men's room smell kept wafting through the restaurant. I will not be returning.A cute little wine bar uptown, they do have a full service bar as well in case you are not a wine person. Nice outdoor seating area with a good view of St Charles. The goosefat fries are quite yummy as well as the cheese plate. They do also have a 5 dollar wine if you are on a budget!Kinda reminds me of NYC. 
Long narrow space with a warm yellow glow. 
I instantly feel comfortable especially with a glass of Hoegaarden or Chimay.
The duck sliders are a perfect combination of textures and flavors. Tender pieces of duck with bits of crispy skin sandwiched between a buttery roll with a touch of salt. I just wish there would have been a third little guy on the plate. 
The $17 crawfish pasta missed the boat. I could have made it at home with a little butter and heavy cream. But, I guess the noodles were a little "fancy".
The frog legs were friggin awesome. Four juicy, tender legs crispy on the outside glazed with a wonderfully spicy sauce. Finger-lickin good for $10.
Don't come here expecting to be served. You'll stand in line to order at the bar, and they'll drop your food at the table. Don't expect um to smile either. Maybe it is like NYC.Came strictly for the Duck fat fries & they were as crispy & flavorful as I hoped. U order at the bar and seat yourself. The fries came out hot & fast the sauces that came with only added to the Fries. I'll return another time to try something else.Great selection of wine & booze.
Delicious food.
Fantastic bar-tending eye candy. (I'm looking at you Christopher).
I personally like to visit early to mid-week, because it can become an uptown cougar den on the weekends - nothing wrong with that, just not my vibe.Great atmosphere, small but interesting wine list and cocktails, yummy french fries.Awesome bartender, food, music, and a nice wine selection. I really enjoyed this bar and will return again. The atmosphere was also nice with the option of outside seating.It is a bar, but has nice seating areas indoors and in the patio, and serves full-size entrees until 2AM! A great place for a late night dinner date. Indoor dining areas can be too noisy, but outdoor seating facing St. Charles can be quite nice depending on the weather. Cuban twice-cooked pork (moderately priced) was one of the best dishes I had in NOLA. Highly recommended. But note that it is a bar, and all the orders and payments are taken at the bar. Although servers bring food to your table, there is little table-side service, which may actually be a good thing too.Disappointed in this place after I had heard such good things from many people.
Went here for a date night. Both my date and I were very excited because it seemed like a fun spot and, like I said, people seem to like it! First we tried to order drinks at the bar and were ignored for a solid five minutes. I don't mean that the bar was busy and I was being impatient; I mean the bar was NOT busy, we were the only people trying to get drinks, and the bartender seemed to size us up and in his mind (and through his actions) say "Nope!". Cool. Off to a great start.
Someone from the kitchen grudgingly came and gave us our drinks, which were fine, no complaints there except that they maybe would have tasted better without feeling that I was ~greatly inconveniencing~ this person. 
My date and I then sat outside to have a meal. We were told someone would be with us shortly. I guess shortly means 20 minutes. That is simply unacceptable. Again, not super busy. In fact, we had beaten the rush, because after we finally ordered our food many more people came. Fortunately during this time, my date and I kept each other great company because as far as people watching goes here, um, just don't bother. A pretty vanilla crowd, to say the least.
Finally our food arrived and my plate was the incorrect item, simply not what I had ordered. I'm not a super picky eater and would have eaten anything (especially at that point, given how hungry I was....) but in this case it was seafood that I couldn't have. So, after waiting an even longer while (because the waiter left IMMEDIATELY after dropping our food off), I respectfully asked if they could please take the dish back and give me what I had ordered. Well, no surprise, that took forever and I am sure I was their least favorite customer of the night through no fault of my own. To top it all off, the food was only so-so in my opinion.
So, yeah. I know plenty of people who love this place but from the experience I had I can't see why. One mistake or one instance of rudeness from a staff member I could tolerate and give this place another try, but so many mistakes in sequence and such rudeness from multiple people in one night makes me think it's more a systemic issue; there are other places in New Orleans I am more willing to give my time and money.I love the atmosphere indoors and out.  It's a great location and has unique architecture.  The menu is hit or miss.  I recomend the shrimp clemenceau and the goose fat french fries.  I was disappointed in the sazerac oysters.  I found them bland.
There's good wine selection, but I had a bad experience with a Malbac, which is one of my favorite wines.  I suspect the wine had gone bad.  I'm not a wine connoisseur, I just know what I like and what tastes good to me.  This Malbec was acidic and almost grainy.  I didn't feel confident enopugh to complain, that's not my style anyway.  I just wount order Malbec there again.  I've been satisfied with the pinot noir that I've selected on later visits.
They also have a great beer selection.
Great place for a date night!!  I usually get 3 small plates and split.We just happened on this cool spot as it was around the corner from our hotel. Though it is frequented by locals, the staff say they serve tons of visitors.   I could easily see it as a destination hotspot.  Awesome service in a unique and friendly atmosphere.  Eclectic wine, beer and spirit list. Charming, fun bartenders. Impressive daily small plate selections -- we tried many as we often stopped in for a nightcap or a bite after a long day of touring. As the other reviews mention it's intimate and slightly romantic with a vibrant, diverse crowd.  Do not miss it if you are in town!Wow a true gem! Luckily our first night in Nola we were staying at the Hubbard Mansion (check my profile to see my review!) across the street. I found Delachaise through the Nola Eater 38. Our first night in town we decided to start things off with a little cheese plate and some wine. I love the ambiance of this place. Unfortunately the weather wasn't quite warm enough to sit outside, but looks like the little seating area there would be lovely and a nice night. We got a cozy spot though inside and ordered some delicious glasses of wine. 
We enjoyed ourselves so much, that we ended up staying here for a couple hours even though our intention was to just do a stop in before heading to Frenchman street. We couldn't tear ourselves away though, just soaking up the scene and some delightful Basque wine. The reason why I am giving this 4 stars and not 5, is because I wasn't blown away by the cheese. We may be partially to blame for that, perhaps we just didn't order correctly, but we only really loved one cheese. Although the hot bread it came with was wonderful. 
Well worth a stop if you are in the area, and if you are not, worth going out of your way!I love this place.  Consistently great service, selection of spirits, and food.  Try the grilled cheese.Great bartenders and cheese plAte but everything else is just so so. My daughter loves the cheese plate so we've been 3 times in the past 6 months. MeT ball sandwich $15 just ok. Would not order it again. Pork dish was disappointing. They need a better lunch menu and the food is overpriced. $10 for French fries fried in goose fat. Really? They're just French fries. More of a drinking place. Many beers and wines to choose from but small not great menu.Great place for evening drinks, rarely overly busy, and the food is ballin'. An excellent joint.I felt like I was in Paris, so that was great fun. The music was smooth jazz, and the seating was all comfy with marble tables. The outdoor seating is also nice, it was just so hot outside.
The wine selection is dandy with frozen rose as well. The cheese platters are also really good. They come with French bread and walnuts (which we determined taste like tacos).Fantastic grilled cheese! As someone from Wisconsin, this was impressive and delicious. Wait time was a bit long but otherwise ok.Food and wine was great, but the service was terrible. It was a Monday night and there were several empty tables. They gave me a dirty wine glass, but it happens I guess. At times, there were 3 people behind bar where you order food and wine. Most of the time they were just standing in the corner talking to each other. One bartender who was just rude and made the whole experience awful. There are a lot of great places to eat in New Orleans so don't waste your time.We spotted this place from the streetcar as we were passing by and later went back. I had their grilled cheese; my girlfriend had the Shrimp Clemencau. Both were superb. Nothing is ordinary here! I am a big grilled cheese fan and it's so hard to find good kind. This was amazing. The only setback was they didn't serve our  food together so we had to wait a little bit for the other plate. Outdoor seating is great too!Delachaise is adoooorable! It looks like it just popped out of pinterest, seriously! Cute tea lights, patio seating, fabulous wine list, and goose fat fries - what's not to love? The atmosphere is not pretentious - the patrons were of all ages, and engaged in everything from dates to group dinners. Definitely recommend coming here to wind down after a long day, or when you are feeling the need to treat yourself to their delectable fries!Quiet wine bar type bar uptown.
They will have food specials, it's been a while but I believe I had some type of Duck Sliders, which was very good.
Also they have a pretty good wine/beer selection. They don't seem to focus on spirits and specialty mixed cocktails although they do have options.
I'd recommend this spot, it's quiet, low key in a really busy area.My lovely girlfriend wanted to go here for her birthday. I like wine, but I'm definitely a beer guy. I admit, I was a bit worried about having to find a wine I'd like but they have a fantastic beer selection, both bottled and draft.
But the star of the evening was GOOSE FAT FRIES. Delachaise uses good fat in their fryer and man does it show. These fries are amazing. My order of fries was part of my dinner, their take on fish and chips. Hake fillets in a Hoergaarden beer batter was delicious and the aioli served with it really sealed the deal. Finishing my meal was pistachio creme brule. Overall a great meal to celebrate a birthday.
For the wine drinkers, the daily special is a $5 wine, usually a house red or white. For that low fee you get a mini-carafe that will easily pout two glasses of wine. You can't beat that.Order your food/drinks at the bar, then find your own table. Quaint outdoor patio with a sign that says no food or drink outside. But, once you order, they tell you that they'll bring your food to you outside if you want to sit out there. 
While the ordering process is a little weird, the food is fantastic. Got the shrimp Bangkok style. It was fantastic! While I was eating at the bar, two other people came up to order, looked at my plate and chose that as their meal because it smelled so good.
A little pricey. $6 for a glass of beer on tapDelachaise is a really nice little spot.  Great wine, lovely service, and actually pretty tasty food!  It's conveniently located on St. Charles, so you can sip your cocktail or wine right on the street car line (I can imagine tourists love that).  I find that the best time to enjoy everything Delachaise has to offer is early on a weekday (~ 5-7pm); otherwise, you're not likely to find a spot to sit unless you're by yourself or with 1-2 other people and can squeeze in somewhere the second a couple people get up to leave.Although I wasn't a fan of the crowded spaces and super loud music/atmosphere, the food was great. We had the cheese plate, chicken stuffed plantain and salmon griddles. All excellent! This is a casual hangout good for friends.Despite being a proud, non-wine enthusiast who frequents with a avid group of winos, Delachaise is still one of my favorite spots for a drinking session of any length.  
As for food, I've been on a roll with ordering the steak bruschetta. It's really the the Peruvian garlic sauce that seals the deal.  Also, everyone (minus the vegees who shy away fromgoose fat) seem to enjoy the pommes frites.  
I like well-organized, eye-catching menus and their chalkboards meet such an inane fascination  They provide the place of birth of all beers (liquors and wines too if I remember correctly).  I appreciate knowing how far my drink of choice has traveled.
As far as I know, they carry moderately priced and delicious wines.  My expertise is with beer and I admire a diverse selection of draught and bottled beers.  Draughts include: Anchor Steam Liberty Ale, Chimay, and NOLA Brewery's Hopitoulas.  They carry a solid 25+ bottled beers as well (including some of my favorites: Brooklyn Lager, Dead Guy Ale and Harpoon).  
The service is solid and they do a good job of getting food out to the patio.  
Location is prime for people watching and easy to access as it sits about half way between downtown and uptown.Nice place to meet after work (or after a day of toddler chasing in my case). I had the grilled cheese, which I think had all the cheese in it. After reading all the rave reviews, I had some of the fries. While they were good, I'm not sure they were worth the price tag.We sat ourselves and waited for about 20 minutes for a waiter. No one ever came to our table nor did anyone mention they were self service. We left.If you've read my other reviews, you know that I'm not one to full out hate someplace, or give vague reasons why I don't like something. 
SO...I do not hate The Delachaise, but I do have several specific reasons why I did not have a good experience there.
1.  It is small and not well equipped to being a restaurant, staff-wise.
2.  There was smoking allowed indoors, and no ventilation.
3.  We had to literally argue with another party to get a table outside, when we had been waiting for over an hour.
*4. The service.  If you're interested in hearing about the service, please read below.
We sat down at our table (finally) and had to go up to the bar to order food - there was a waiter, but it looked like he was just there to deliver the meals.  And talk on his phone.
Our food finally came!  Yay!  It was 10:00 or so, and we were all really hungry.  So, anyway, our food came.  No - wait - everyone else's food came and my stomach continued to growl.  I waited for about ten minutes before going up to the bar to inquire about my missing grilled cheese sandwich, and when I did, bartender A told me he'd check on it.  I stood there watching him not check on it for ten more minutes, before asking the other bartender.  I was told by bartender B, that because so many people order the grilled cheese, the oven was backed up. "It'll be out in a few minutes."  Mmm Hmm...  So I waited for another fifteen minutes and went back in again. Me: "Hi, I still haven't gotten my sandwich."  Bartender B: "You still haven't gotten it?  Hang on..."  When he came back, he told me that it was on it's way out.  I was almost in tears at this point I was so hungry and frustrated (I know, silly, but true) and said that I thought it made sense if the sandwich was on the house.  He had no idea what I was talking about, and asked me if I had changed my mind about the sandwich.  "No, I still want it - the rest of my table has already had their food for over a half and hour.  I think it should be free."  I went back outside and waited for an addition ten minutes, before going in again with my fightin' words ready to go.  Still no sandwich, but bartender B went and found it (piping hot) in the kitchen and gave it to me.  I settled my tab at the bar with bartender A, who had no problem taking my sandwich off the bill, and everything was - ehem - fiinnne after that.
Not the end of the world, but I expect better from people who earn their wages in tips and work six feet from the place where the food is cooked.
The wine was good - I had the Malbec, and people I was with had beers and scotches, all of which seemed to satisfy them.  Alcohol is definitely this place's forte - they should probably leave the restaurant business to people who know what they're doing.So I can't wait to go back here when they are actually open for a meal.  Was recommended the Delachaise by a good friend so my husband and I walked over from Magazine street since we had a few hours to kill before  a dinner reservation elsewhere.  Josh, the bartender from a small town in Florida, was super nice and engaged us, the ONLY customers at 3pm on Christmas Eve, in good conversation.  (Kitchen was not open until 5pm.)  He gave us recommendations for other bars (with good mixologists that he personally knew--Bar Tonique and Cure) and clubs (d.b.a. on Frenchmen) to visit and introduced us to the NOLA beers which we drank on tap at other places on the rest of our visit (much better than Abita beers though not 100% amazing).  He even let my husband sample part of a can of a craft porter which he then finished himself while chatting with us.  The exterior of this place is odd--like a 1950s throwback drive through or something, but the interior is warm and wood-filled with old chairs.  Their wine, beer and liquor lists are extensive and their menu looked great too.  Hopefully, someday we'll be back to sample the other goods that this place has to offer.  For now, thanks Josh for a nice afternoon.  If you're in Chicago, look us up.Best fries in the city. Great atmosphere. Reasonable wine. Everything else is pretty delicious too.Wine Bar.  Great atmosphere.  I actually went here 2 nights in a row.  The plates are well presented, even if the service was a little slow.  Had the Pate du Jour (pork & shiitake mushroom) which was served with pickled onions and green tomatoes.  How different from gherkins!  But still excellent.  Then had the Mussels in a Thai broth with the duck fat fries.  The fries were very tasty, but barely detected a difference between that and another high quality oil.  The mussels were a different flavor profile then what I'm used to with shellfish (either buttery OR tomato based).  Good heat and a clean flavor.  I saw 2 cheese plates go by and will definitely be trying those.  There is indoor and outdoor seating.  This is a perfect date-nite place to go.  I will be going back and my goal is to try everything on the menu!Amazing food.  If you want a hip, chill place for great food and drink this is the spot!  Order @ the bar and don't expect to get fawned over with service but you will lick your plate and get every pennies worth.  Best fries in town (warning no ketchup though) and the shrimp Clemenceau is great!   Open late.  Outdoor seating lunch late in the weekSalmon johnny Cakes were outstanding. I'll be returning. Great atmosphere. They have a diversity of everything.Like Matthew M, I also just moved back to NOLA after a seven year hiatus, and I loved the bar.  It feels relaxed and sophisticated, yet still has a certain funkiness that makes it comfortable and endearing.  The selection is fantastic and the prices are very affordable.  
On the particular night I visited, I guess there were some issues with the service crew.  The owner was behind the bar and super stressed and made us wait for nearly 10 minutes for the second half of a glass of champagne (he emptied a bottle with the 1st half).  Then, he was talking to someone else while he finished the pour, but didn't tell us how much we owed him.  My friend became quite pissed, as she was in town visiting friends and didn't want to be staring at this stressed out bartender--she wanted to be with her peeps.  Understandable.  
I thought this would be a good opportunity to try out a theory.  I wanted to sort of shame this guy into good service since we'd be there for a few more rounds, so we left him an $8 tip for his crappy service for our 2 glasses of wine.  It totally worked.  However, this is not a tip to service industry-types who may read this.  He didn't get a tip at all the next round, so it came out even anyway.  Also, he knew the people at my table, as it turns out, but once he got things under control, he came around to wait on our table regularly.  So, I'm not sure if it was my smartass/jackass theory or him knowing people, but at least we had perfect service after that.  
This would be a fantastic date spot, by the way.We came here on a Saturday night for dinner, it's awesome because it is one of few places that serves food late, we got here after 10pm. I had the Steak & Fries. My friends had the Pork dish they have and other stuff which I can't remember the name, but I do remember the food was good, we were all satisfied with our meals. Great place, outside seating.
Most entrees come in good portions enough to fill you up. Most dishes are French and they have a full bar and an exquisite selection of wines (the best of all)!!!!Pretty disappointed in Delachaise. I have been about 3 times, and each time I have something new that bothers me. This last time the bartenders were being fairly rude to me and my party despite us being a polite group of 5 ordering some of their pricier food and drink options. Their fries are soggy, aioli bland (and probably premade), sandwiches basic and drinks weak. I love the location and decor of it, but they are lacking the most important parts of being a good restaurant and bar.Great atmosphere, yummy fries...I would have given then 5 stars if the service wasn't awful. They acted as if they could care less if we were there AND we left and came back with 30 minutes and none of the 3 bartenders recognized us. Weird.This place was fantastic on many levels.  Four of us from out of town went here and we all will most definitely come back if we are ever back in New Orleans.  The food was absolutely amazing; the fries were awesome, the cheese selection was tasty, the steak we had was cooked to perfection, the Cuban pork was exquisite, the deserts were divine...you all get the point.  Everything was cooked to our specifications and the flavor was spot on.
To add to our wonderful dinner was the fantastic wine, beer, and liquor menu.  Aside from the amazing variety of spirits, the bartenders actually know WTF they are doing there!  Our cocktails were mixed to perfection and the beer & wine recommendations were great.
As Marisa X said in here review..."Delachaise, oh I F$#$#*% love you!"I was kind of over being in New Orleans on the last night of our trip, so we decided to take the St. Charles Streetcar and explore a few parts of the city that we hadn't already seen. I spotted the Delachaise while we were in motion and demanded that we stop by (having no idea what it was) on our way back to the French Quarter.
I am so, So, SO very glad we stopped. If I were to be reincarnated as a wine bar, I would want to be reincarnated as The Delachaise. I loved everything from the architecture of the building to the chalkboard menus and random Christmas lights everywhere. 
They have an amazing selection of wine and their by-the-glass pricing is very reasonable. We sat at a small table next to the bar and enjoyed the music, people watching and the ambiance in general. I wish we'd found this little gem earlier in our trip!
If we ever find ourselves back in the Crescent City, The Delachaise will be our first stop!This wine bar has a very nice atmosphere and a large selection of drinks but that's pretty much it. The bartenders are very rude and not helpful, especially the European man who is always here. There is such a large selection of drinks and beers it would be nice if they could offer a specialty or some assistance. Otherwise I just order what I always do at any other bar... There are like 5 beers on tap so it is mainly for people who like wine and liquor. But they don't do shots which is wierd for a liquor bar....
That said with the atmosphere and really cute patio area with white lights and great location, I do go there for a drink but just wish the service was better and not so snobby.. very rare in New Orleans. 
The bathrooms are also really gross with the door not even closing properly and falling off its hinges!The ambiance is very laid back and Bohemian without trying excessively hard. The wine list is expansive and is very reasonably priced. The food is incredible and reasonable as well. The chef always brings out his creations and inquires about your opinions. The music is very indie and burned from the owner's IPOD. Definetly check this place out.I LOVE DELACHAISE!  Been here numerous times and this is my first Yelp Review for it.
What I love most are the selections of wines, beers, mixed drinks that they offer, cheese plates, and of course the small plates of food!!
Recently, we discovered that they carry our favorite Japanese White ALe: Hitachino!!! Yes, You must try this beer! So crisp and fragrant!
Overall, Yes I'm a Fan!Best place for mojitos and Johnnycakes great atmosphere great bartenders and a great way to treat there costumerHere is a little bar, located right on St. Charles Ave., that is small and bursting with flavor!  
I've been frequenting this place since 2005, pre-Katrina, and it's still one of my favorite spots in Uptown.  Inside, you'll find the surroundings dimly lit, each table housing a cute little candle and white Christmas lights in the windows facing St. Charles Ave. out front.  Some may find the interior small, as do I.  In fact, it is VERY small, in my opinion.  However, I think that is also one of this bars strong points, too.  Tables are set close together and at the very end of the bar, there is a solid wrap-around booth.  This allows clientele to meet new people, chat and share drinks.  I, personally, have never met a jerk in this place.  Everyone is very cordial and often, I meet people who are in New Orleans for the first time in their lives.  Before you know it, we're sharing stories and it's more like being in a living room with a good friend than a bar.
They have something called 'around the world' wine....or something of that nature.  They have a mass of wine selections from different countries around the world so you're def bound to find something that suits your fancy!  If it's not on the board mounted to the wall, ask for the menu.  The selection continues to thicken like a plot out of a Hardy Boys novel.
When you order a wine from the board, it is given to you with a glass and a decanter.  This adds a nice, sophisticated touch.  In addition, you can easily get two full glasses from one serving!  Not bad in my book!  Wine is not the only thing featured here, however.  Feel free to order any drink you wish, as they have a full and very extensive bar.
Delachaise also serves food, which I think most people tend to forget....and from what I've sampled, it's very good!  My group ordered a round of pomme frites, which I recently learned is fried in goose fat.  That's why they were so good!  I've also had the desserts, in the form of the Chocolate Molten Souffle' (with port caramel) and the Crème Brulee' (which has a seasonal inspiration and you'll need to ask).
I've not given this establishment a full 5 stars (maybe I should??) because smoking is allowed and when the bar is full, the air is blue.  Don't get me wrong....this place is NOT always full of smoke.  It's only when it gets really, really busy that people begin to fire up their cancer sticks.  Usually, this is quite late in the evening.  Even so, when it gets that busy, it means it's about time for me to head out.  
I suggest anyone who has not been here before, is new to New Orleans or a native in search of a good time, check this place out.  It's a fun, cute little place to spend alone, meeting new people or a place to bring a date!A very large wine selection, great and friendly staff.  Outdoor seating is great in good weather.  A great cozy spot to meet up with friends.One of my favorite bars in New Orleans, with some of the best food in the city.  Never mind that the bartenders always seem a little surly... give me a carafe of wine and those pommes frites and I'm all set.so i find myself on a late-night prowl for harry connick jr.
stumbled into delachaise for a breather. this place is great for late nite drinks and fromage! btw-- they make a perfect sazerac, and the bottle of wine complemented our cheese selection nicely.
wow, such great energy and hospitality. sadly, no harry connick jr. OR brangelina. boohoo. waiter-- i'll DEFINITELY have more cheese with my whine.Oh, Delachaise, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways -
1) Frog legs: I wish kissing these delicious delicacies would turn into Prince Charming. Cuz damn, he'd be YUMMY. A crispy yet airy batter, smothered in a spicy sauce, I fantasize about these at least once a week. 
2) Fries: Now, I'm not a big potato fan, and usually skip the fries at a burger joint (onion rings generally partner better to the hamburger in my opinion), but Delachaise fries are fried in goose/duck fat and holy shizzle, these are definitely the BEST fries in this city, if not galaxy. I love the peanut sauce - perfect accompaniment. Be prepared to get 1 order for every 2-3 people if you want to be satisfied...these babies go quick. Specifically, from multiple experiences, I've realized one order is not enough for four.
3) Ambiance: I like the lounge like, classy yet low key vibe and the playlist is usually playing good stuff. I've heard Portishead and Sia as well as some more uptempo Ozomatli-ish stuff too. The twinkly lights year round make me happy, and the outdoor patio is great to watch the world go by on St. Charles. Plus, no smoking inside is a major bonus for those of us who don't like smelling like an ashtray at the end of the night and would prefer to smoke outside anyways (I moved here from California, okay?).
4) Bartenders/Drinks/Wine List: Fabulous wine list, and great bartenders who can concoct great potions if you tell them what you like. I'm a gin girl, and discovered it pairs excellently with St. Germain here. Most of their bartenders are awesome - Julia, who works there on Wednesdays and Fridays, rocks!
How don't I love thee (ie why not a 5 star review?)
1) Crowd: A couple of my friends also love the food and drink, but won't come here with me anymore due to their interactions with the weekend clientele...the crowd here can be particularly more yupp-ity than most places in NOLA, especially on Friday and Saturday. I prefer to come mid-week when it's mellow and chill. However, kind of wish I could come here on the "big" nights of the week and not have some d-bag in an Armani shirt jabbing me obliviously trying to get Julia's attention.
2) Price/$$$: Sadly, my wallet cannot afford more than a once or twice a month Delachaise habit. Woe is me.
NOTE: you order food at the bar, this isn't a "sit down and order" type of place, but that's what makes it a great place to just hang out, drink and grub.We spent 6 weeks in the Garden District and The Delachaise quickly became a favorite spot to relax over a glass of wine.  They have an outdoor patio that provides great people watching but inside at the bar is just as nice.  Kendall is a great bartender with a good sense of humor.  The clientele seemed to be about an equal number of tourists and locals.  The shrimp po boy and duck fat fries are delicious.  Weekends are busy...go early to make sure you get a table.Not a huge menu - mostly designed for drinking and chatting. I got the grilled cheese, made with asiago and served with apple slices. It was tasty, but I don't think i'd pay $11 for it again. 
Cutesy, trendy spot serving good (but over-priced) food.Put it this way, the fries and the molten lava cake is so delicious that I spent months searching for the place after I ate there the first time and couldn't remember where I ate them (white linen night- good times). Since then I've been back several more times and always love the food. It's a great spot to treat yourself or for a casual date.  It a bit on the pricey side compared to other eateries in the area for how casual it is (you order at the bar/no table service), but the food really is top notch. 
The wine and beer selection has a great variety, which makes sense given its primarily labeled as a wine bar.  Usually a special or two going on for one drink or another too so if you can't tell the difference between a pinot and a merlot, it's a great place to take your wine friends and not have to empty your pockets to fit in. 
It can get crowded at times and that means loud inside, but turnover is fairly consistent and the off hours make it a great place for a cozy conversation.I went here for a few glasses of wine and didn't get to try the food. I was somewhat disappointed in the wine list. With that being said I am somewhat biased and/or spoiled because I live in a city where wine is taken very seriously. For New Orleans, the list was somewhat good.
The first glass of wine I ordered (Tempranillo) was bad and I sent it back. Wanting something a little lighter I ordered the Pinot Noir, and didn't love it. 
However, the staff was very friendly and service was great. If I'm in New Orleans and looking for a nice place to hang out I will go back.Went for lunch on Saturday, and it was strange. We were the only people there the entire time we ate lunch. Service was great and the food delicious though, so that's the only negative thing to say. 
I have been to the Delachaise previously for drinks, but I had never eaten there. The food was delicious. I cannot say enough good things about the fries. I have had a lot of fries in my life, and I am not exaggerating when I say that their duck fat fries were the best I have ever had. I got the grilled cheese Annabella and was not disappointed, my husband got a shrimp po-boy. He liked it, but said there was a taste that he got occasionally that he wasn't a huge fan of. 
Overall, the atmosphere at the Delachaise is usually amazing. They are usually always packed. While the atmosphere was lacking this Saturday, the food was delicious and we were not disappointed .I went on a quiet night just for drinks.  The mood was really nice except for a drunk saxiphonist "playing" who kept interrupting my conversation.  Nice ambiance.  Good food.  Good drinks.  Great place for a chill night during the week.Lisa was our bartender and was excellent. Knowledgeable and we had some of the pomme frites, french fries for you all with that yummy garlicky sauce. It was excellent!
The bar has extensive menu with excellent menu if you have the munchies, a cheese plate that is great.  Beer, wine, liquor, you name it---they seem to have it along with any other beer you havent tried.
Parking is offstreet, be careful at night.
Give a try.Best wine menu in New Orleans. Not extremely extensive, but smartly put together. 
Want to impress some winos; bring them here. The beer and liquor is very well put together.
Food is very good! I wouldn't recommend large groups because the place is pretty small, but groups of 4-6 works.Don't remember coming here but left my phone (and metrocard, compact, etc.) at the bar and bartender was nice enough to text a friend from my phone informing them that someone had forgotten their cell there.  Went back the next day and they had it waiting for me.  What nice people. A BILLION TRILLION THANKS to whomever kept my crap safe and sound.  Definitely want to return and REMEMBER this awesome place.I am kind of upset with myself now that I realized I've never written a review of this place. It is by far my favorite bar in New Orleans for a few reasons:
1 - It's romantic. I am a hopeless romantic. A sweet young lady just waiting to be swept of her feet by Prince Charming. So yes, I like the dim lights, narrow and close atmosphere, sexy music and a wall full of wines.
2- The food is delicious. Not that you should indulge in a huge meal here, but the plates are a great size to share for a snack. 
3 - Wines. Wines. Wines. Galore. Their wine list is quite extensive. I'll admit, I do not know a WHOLE lot about wines, but I know what I like and what I don't. 
4- Indoor and outdoor seating. Oh New Orleans, how I love you so, but the weather that you offer is not the best for my easy-to-frizz-hair. 9 out of 10 times I sit inside, but when the weather is good, like in the fall or the beginning of winter, the outside tables are nice. 
My heart is taken at the moment, and I hope it stays that way. But if any guy every wants to put a huge smile on my face... take me to Delachaise.... then sweep me off my feet :)So I like to drink nice wines and eat fancy pub food.  There is always a really decent glass of wine here for very little money offered any night of the week.  I can't stand stanky wine and you have to be careful in this town.  I'm never disappointed with the food either.  I think the fries are cooked in duck fat.  Not sure about that but whatever they are cooked in I want to coat my pillow with it at night as I sleep.I've been a frequent diner/drinker at Delachaise since 2008 and have always enjoyed my experiences and have always brought lots of friends from out of town there. The last 2 times I've been, the experiences have been less than pleasant. The first instance was a particularly surly food runner who told my friend, after she politely said hello to him and that we had ordered a lot of food (the fry baskets were crowding table) and that he could take some of the empty items, that he "didn't really care much" and snatched the items off the table. Strike one.. Strike two came a week or so later when my husband and I went around 10:45 on a Thursday to order takeout and get a drink while we waited. There was a good crowd of people but we quickly got a place at the bar, ordered our food and our drinks for the wait. We ordered fries, a grilled cheese sandwich, and a meat sandwich that I forget the name of. Nothing too crazy and we see food coming out of the kitchen left and right. 20 minutes passes, then 30 minutes passes. Finally as the bartender is serving a new person next to us we see a look of acknowledgement that we are still standing at the bar. She walks to the kitchen, nothing is said to us, and then walks back to the register prints out a ticket and  goes back to the kitchen. At this point we've realized that she forgot to put the order in but she says nothing to us and stays at the other end of the bar. We've now been waiting for 45 minutes. Another bartenders comes by and I tell him that we've been waiting for 45 minutes and ask if the kitchen is that busy. He says it is but that he'll check on the food. He comes back and says that it'll be another 10 minutes for the grilled cheese because they use a lot of cheese and have to put it in the broiler and it takes a really long time. Okay, but other items on the menu that take a really long time have that notated on the menu and I've gotten a grilled cheese 10 times before and it has never taken that long. In the mean time my husband swears that the female bartender is telling the male bartender that she forgot to put our order in, but he's not a lip reader so that's not confirmed. The worst part is that we paid for our food when we paid for our drinks so we waited 20 more minutes and miraculously the food appeared. The kicker.. They bring out 3 boxes with no bag. My husband asks if we can get a bag to carry our 2 sandwiches and fries to the car over an hour after we ordered them and the guy says. We ran our of bags! When we got home and I opened my box expecting a thick Theo's style grilled cheese, I was met with a grilled cheese with minimal cheese that had been cooked so long it was hard. Strike 3. Delachaise, we will be taking a long, long break from each other.As a lone diner when on work, I try to find somewhere that isn't your typical spot.  This place is not only hospitable, they are knowledgeable.  Great wine list. Great food. I am find myself lucky to have found this gem.Fun on the weekend~! Food is good! Slow service though!We went to delachaise at about 8 on a Saturday night. We weren't looking to spend a ton of money on good food, and we'd heard positive things. When we got here, it was PACKED! The kitchen was backed up about 35 minutes, so we knew we were in for a wait. It took thr bartender about 10 minutes to notice us, which irked me. We ordered the steak frites, the grilled cheese arabella, a side of the French fries, and the creme Brulee of the day.
The pomme frites got here first and they were excellent! I wasn't huge on the aoli, though - it tasted like mayo. The other sauce was quite good. It had an interesting Asian taste that my boyfriend described as addictive. Next was the grilled cheese, which was so good that my boyfriend informed me he'd be leaving me for the chef. In my opinion, there should have been a touch more apple, but I am a fruit addict. The cheese was delicious and perfectly melty, and the bread was the perfect compliment.
The steak came a few moments after - the kitchen backup must not have been that bad! It was cooked very well and the butter sauce was tasty, but the best part was MORE FRITES. 
The creme brulee of the evening was vanilla bourbon. I LOVE creme brulee and have it everywhere. Unfortunately, this wasn't quite as good as it could have been. I would have preferred a less pronounced bourbon taste and a slightly thicker custard; however, this is me nitpicking. It was still good! 
Overall, I quite liked Delachaise! They lose a star because of rude service and the heavy bourbon hand, but I'll definitely be back again!I live in New Orleans and every time I go to The Delachaise I am so put off by the snotty entitled bar tenders and wait staff. They ate rude and make your feel as if you are lucky that they are serving you. I went there again last night for the last time. Yes, they have good fries, but really? Because they serve duck fat fries I should feel so Greatful that someone is actually taking the time to serve them to me? normally they are cold, since they can't match the number at your table with the order and then it will be another 10 minutes before someone will respond to your request for a napkin and silverware. Just a reminder that your restaurant is next to a gas station, not as fancy as you may think.Food was alright.  Steak was decent but i think it was mostly the garlic butter on top.  Had pork also which was ok. Seemed pricey, not a great wine selection.Very solid place for a small bite and a good glass of wine.  We happened to come upon this place while turning off of St Charles to go to Magazine.  I'm glad we stopped.  I can't wait to goback.I went to Delachaise last night to have a drink with an acquaintance of mine. One drink turned into three, and by the end of the evening we were old friends.
I had heard so many great things about this place, and I have to say that they were all right.
An intimate setting with a long bar, couple of small booths and low lighting make this a wonderful place for getting to know new friends or catching up with old ones.
I arrived at about 6:30. There were a few people there, but not many. That didn't last. It didn't get overly packed, but I was surprised at how busy they got as the night went on. It was a Monday night, after all. Being a wine bar, I though it only fitting that I ordered wine. I'm a fan of the reds; especially Cabernet Sauvignon. While there was only one on the menu, it was pretty good.
My friend and I split the Flank Steak Bruschetta: grilled marinated flank steak, peruvian garlic sauce & shaved aged manchego on ciabatta crostini. It was DELICIOUS! I highly recommend it.
After eating we ordered a few more drinks. I had a French 75, with cognac, of course. It was superb. It was the 2nd best French 75 I have ever had. It was so great, I ordered another. This time from a different bartender. Unfortunately, this second bartender did not make it the same way. It was okay, but I would definitely make sure to get that first bartender to make them when I go back.
Another reason to like this place: There are menus of liquors like tequila and bourbon (the good stuff) written out on chalk boards above the bar.
The only problem was the service was a little slow. They were very nice, and it's not that they were completely ignoring us; they were just kind of slow. It seems they could benefit from having just one more person behind the bar during their busier times.
But I will definitely be going back. I just have to try their bourbon, tequila and those amazingly fragrant duckfat fries.Cute uptown spot with a good beer menu.  I believe this unique, charming, and narrow venue may have once been a train depot.  
Although the food looked fantastic and smelled great, I can only really speak to the drinks and the ambiance.  Both were top-notch.Good location. Good space. Great outdoor seating on this first Fall like night. Great wine selections and good food choices. Five stars right? Bartenders kill the vibe. Staff behind the bar were like.... "Night of the living dead." The coldest and most lacking of service skills folks I have encountered in the business. But don't forget to tip!I am obsessed with Delechaise. Sad that I just moved to Houston, and it's tough finding that one special spot for a quiet night out with your love or a friend.  I've always come here for drinks and a cheese plate, fries, and other side items.  I recently tried the steak frites.... It is so delicious!! I had the steak 3 times in the past two months! You have to order it rare or med rare... it tastes better that way.  The fries improved over the year from what I remembered it used to be soggy? but now it is light and crispy!! The wine selection is awesome and so are the cheese!  My favorite cheese is the 5 year aged gouda!!! You must try that!  The bartenders and wait staff is very friendly and helpful.  You always see the same faces every time you go.  It can get really busy on a friday or saturday nights, but sometimes it's easy to find a table.. I prefer going on a weekday, where it's busy, but not packed.If you are looking for customer service look else where. The bar tender and bar backs are extremely rude. I refuse to go back. Last night was my third time there and I wanted to give it another chance. I will say it is consistent.... Consistent in that the bar tenders are not friendly, helpful or even happy to be working there.I've never reviewed Delachaise? Really? Totally thought I did. Well then, let's fix that...
Okay, so I'm going to sound like a hypocrite/asshole/douchebag for saying this, and apologies to the many people who I'm about to offend, but Delachaise is one of those places that I really really like, except for the crowd. Not crowd as in it's always packed, but as in, I like the space, I like to go, but I'm not a huge fan of the people who go there. Ridiculous? Perhaps. Still true, though. 
My favorite thing about Delachaise is their round the world wine special, or whatever it's called. Every day they feature a different wine -- one red and one white -- and for $5 you can get a little decanter thingy (which is the same thing as ordering a glass of wine, but more fancypants to get it in a tiny decanter, like you would in Europe). It's always, always good when I order it, to the point that I never even bother to look at their (extensive to the point it's mind boggling) menu of wines, beers, and booze.Now I see why this place is so popular. Because their drinks are the bizommmmmbbbb. Randomly driving around on a weekday night, me and the hubby were desperate to find a good drink and some good food. I was excited to try this place, especially after hearing about the infamous fries cooked in goose fat. The kitchen was closed when we arrived (boooooo) but we decided to stay and have a couple drinks which I'm glad we did. 
I tried their version of a Moscow mule which was incredible. They don't use ginger beer but instead just fresh ginger which brought my drink to life. My husband ordered the blackberry mojito which also was excellent. 
Overall I definitely will be returning.New Orleans is like no other place in the country and is incapable of producing cookie-cutter restaurants.  Delachaise is no exception.  Rumor has it, the sous-chef here was just rated the best in NOLA in "Where Y'at."  This is a spot I have been dying to try for quite some time and is now easily accessible on the St. Charles Streetcar line.  
Came here with about 10 people for my sister's 21st birthday and it was perfect for our size.  We took over the round corner window and moved a few tables together.  The venue does not have a waitstaff so you have to order everything at the bar.  Could be a huge downfall if you're expecting a normal dinner setting, so this is important to know.  I will add that the employees to bussed the food were extremely knowledgable, helpful and thoughful in making sure everyone had a taste of the shared dishes.  
The wine list is extensive and well-priced.  I guess wine knowledge is much like the wine itself:  improves with age.  As the eldest of the group I chose a 2005 Malbec and Viognier for the table, since the tastes of my fresh-faced 21-year-old companions often do not extend past Franzia.  
We split all the dishes which included the Chef's Cheese Platter, 2 orders of Pommes Frites with a side of tomato aoili to start.  We then devoured two orders of Crab Cakes topped with wasabi caviar. (Absolutely exquisite) and Beefy Bruscetta, which knocked the socks off everyone at the table.  The meal was the completed with chicken and pork chop topped with a fritter-dirty rice.  
We wined and dined in candelight, laughing and celebrating.   If you are looking for a a low-key, mouth orgasming experience outside  the French Quarter, get on the streetcar and geaux to Delachaise!I've gone here a few times over the past couple of months, and actually primarily for the food, not for drinks. I've gotten the cheese plate a couple of times, which is always good. I got their grilled cheese--most definitely the BEST I have ever had because they use I think 3 different kinds of delicious fine cheeses (though I don't remember which ones). French fries fried in duck fat. Delicious. The other customers always always a bit stuffy and kind of unpleasant to be around, but the food & service is solid.This place is a lot of fun. The first thing that strikes you as different is that there is no table service. All of the service comes from the bar, and in order to get someone's attention to order you have to go and order from the bar. I was very impressed with the bartender's understanding of their craft when I approached one gentleman with instructions from my wife to bring her something with sweet vermouth and rum neat. The bartender was able to come up with a concoction that pleased her, so points for that. The portions, on the other hand, leave a little to be desired. The location more than makes up for that. Sitting on the corner of a side street and St. Charles, the outdoor seating area is one of the best that I've been to in the city so far. Bonus points.The food was great and the wine was wonderful too...but it was a crazy mess as far as staff and service. I would go back but only if it was empty because we waited forever for service.Such a chill environment. I absolutely love it. And their mussels are oh so delicious!!!! Reminds me of a Vietnamese dish I know :-). Must check it, especially if you're a wine drinker!