Count me as a big fan.
I guess they've been getting slammed every day and tonight was no exception.  They looked a little understaffed  but the food came out eventually.
Great burger - the toasted bun really sets off a tasty burger.  The b&b pickles are a nice compliment to the rest of the sammich and the mannez bar is very fresh tasting.  
Nice selection of beers including NOLA and I just noticed they serve sazeracs!
Great pickled jalapenos.
Not a bad value at $6.50 for a single.So I'm not really a burger person, really picky about my burgers... but I LOVE company burger!!!! My boyfriend took me here for the first time a few months ago and I have used it as my "cheat meal" every week since. The mayo bar is fun, garlic mayo is my favorite and the onion rings are so good!! I get the "company burger" as it comes, and as I said it's to die for and I crave it all the time!!Burger & onion ring perfection! My go-to hangover food. Met the owner last time I went & he was very nice...loved his passion. Can we focus on the onion rings for a sec though...they are seasoned so perfectly that I'm salivating just thinking about them now!Good place, we came on a Sunday and it was a good bit of people but not over crowded. I had the turkey burger and my bf had the company burger with fried egg. Both were cooked well and very juicy! The interesting part is that they have a mayo bar that have different flavors of mayo. I tried the basil mayo and it was really good. Good place overall, good selection of beers to sip on as well.People are too generous with their stars. Their signature burger is 2 beef patties which are fatty and delicious with pickles onions and cheese. No lettuce or tomato. Ok maybe not a big deal. But the bun is ridiculously mediocre. It's basically a McDonalds bun. If you aspire to be a gourmet burger place this bun is not gonna cut it.I believe this is the best burger around town. One single burger feels me up completely and them tots dont play. So yummy!Tasty burger with a great mayo bar. Roasted garlic, chipotle and basil mayos and homemade sweet pickled jalapeños available on the may bar.Very good quality of meat but too greasy. 
Excellent service, friendly waitress and clean bathroomsBest counter burger in New Orleans. My boyfriend always orders the Company Burger which is two patties. I did that once and it was too much food for me so I stick with the single patty now. The fries with their sauces are great too.Was super stoked to try this place out because I've heard such great things... Place is super mundane and the burgers mediocre at best...I guess if you like mayo more than your hamburger this place is pretty cool.... I won't be going backArriving late in New Orleans on a Sunday night, we got to Company Burger about 20 minutes before close and were surprised to see the dining room still half full. The décor has a no frills factory feel, which is complimented by the steel tray your food is served in.  
I ordered the Single with side of onion rings.  Company Burger has an assortment of homemade condiments available, and instead of hiding these behind the counter the customer is free to apply their own toppings of choice.  The burger itself perfectly cooked, slightly pink on the inside, and cut with the right amount of fat to ensure a greasy, but flavourful bite. Even late on a Sunday, the bun was fresh and held held up to the patty instead of crumbling apart.  The onion rings were also a hit with the light tempura batter giving a nice crunch to the bite. I even snuck a few rings onto my burger to complete the experience.  
If you find yourself on Freret street with a craving for a juicy burger, you can't go wrong here!YUM! Tasty burger, great atmosphere. The condiment bar with flavored mayonnaise is a great addition. I went for lunch and ordered a single burger, onion rings,  and a drink for ~$10. You order at the counter and then they bring your burger to you. A good place to get in and out on your lunch hour!My expectations were definitely met!  People have told me The Company Burger has one of the best burgers in NOLA and I have to agree!  I came here on a Saturday around 2:30 and this place was still packed!  We each ordered the Single Burger with smoked bacon and an egg with sides of onion rings and sweet potato fries.  What makes this burger joint different is their awesome condiment bar, which includes a special sauce, different mayos (basil mayo, chipotle mayo, etc.), pickled jalapenos and onions, SRIRACHA (need I say more?), different hot sauces, and your typical burger condiments.  
Once we got our burger, I couldn't wait to dig in!  It was SOOOO juicy and delicious!  You could really taste the smoked bacon.  My favorite condiment would have to be their special sauce, which tasted great with the burger and paired AMAZINGLY with the onion rings.  The onion rings were so great!  I loved that they use red onions, and the batter was soo good!  The sweet potato fries were also a winner as I love sweet potato fries with a passion.  The only down side to this place would be that it can get pretty expensive.  It was $6.50 for a single burger, an extra dollar for an egg, and 2 extra dollars for bacon, and 3 dollars for sides.  My sister and I didn't even get drinks and it added up to $25.00 for two small burgers and 2 sides.
Aside from the price, I will be coming back soon once my tummy is no longer bulging from my pants!This place is very good for what it is: Fast food made with better ingredients and little more care than a standard chain. However, all the "best burger in the city" hype is just that, hype. These are thin patties cooked on a grill and served on decent buns. They're greasy and taste pretty darn good. The milkshakes are also pretty darn good. But are they better than similar chains in other cities? Not really. It's certainly a place I would eat again if I was in the neighborhood, but as a tourist it isn't really worth the cab ride over JUST for the burger. (Pair it with an evening at Cure and it's a little more worth it.)One of the best burger i've had in a really long time. Great buns. Extremely friendly and fast service. Extra points for having ice cold root beer.Taste very good, bun not too heavy but can be thinner, sweet potato fries excellent, variety of mayo choices.  The only negative was my wife's single burger was too rare (raw) in the center.  My double was cooked just right.Hands down best hamburger in the city! Basically the only burger I eat. The sweet buns the meat that taste like meat and amazing bread and butter pickles!
They also have a Mayo bar and pretty fantastic onion rings. 
Also try the grilled cheese with egg and baconIf you want a great, greasy burger, head over to Company Burger!  We tried the original and the single, both were excellent.  And the onion rings were fantastic.  Be sure to try the various seasoned mayo toppings. And the bread & butter pickles are the best!
It does get busy on the weekends, so you may have to sit outside.I think, no I'm pretty certain I climaxed when I ate this burger. Have you ever had a burger and fries so good that applying condiments might compromise the integrity of the food? Well the Company Burger needs nothing other than a napkin to wipe your greasy paws with! The fries are great too. They were still crispy after a 20 minute drive back home. This place is dangerous. I need to keep my distance...Simple but flavorful burger. Proves that simplicity with great ingredients and execution trumps the over complicated food we see these days.OUTSTANDING HANDS DOWN THE BEST BURGER & FRIES
Some of the softest bread you will ever taste lightly toasted with butter pretty much melts in your mouth. The fries are outstanding I am originally from the East Coast. There we have boardwalk fries. Those fries match up or compete with those boardwalk fries.  Also once you receive your burger you have the option to put your own mayonnaise and other condiments on yourself. I ordered the company burger that & their sweet tea is phenomenal!   Quiet comfortable setting very classy. Also has a 60 inch flat screen on the back wall. Clean restrooms quality service in a quiet location. Just wish they had more locations throughout New Orleans & Baton Rouge. Hope this helps.The actual meat and bun themselves were good and I really liked the fact that they grilled the onions but did not AT ALL like the sweet (as opposed to dill) pickle slices. Who does that? It was an ok burger but just ok. Would much rather do Truburger, Yo Mamas, Cowbell or Port of callDefinitely the best burger in town. Love the onion rings. Great selection of beer and drinks.  Nobody can touch these burgers.   Hand cut fries are also incredible.  Will be back every week.Very good burgers, but on the overpriced side. Fries are excellent, tater tots are good, onion rings aren't disgusting, but are uninspired and bland. 
Overall great burgers! Minus 1 star for price and slightly lacking sides.It's just okay. I seriously don't understand the hype of this place. There's much better burgers in the city. I did not care for their fries at all. It wasn't bad, but based on reviews I was expecting a great burger.I would actually would like to give a 3.5, but Yelp doesn't allow it.
I became a big fan of Company Burger on my visit. We sat at the bar and watched the guys crank out burger after burger during peak lunch time. Everyone stays busy and takes pride in what they are doing; it is quite obvious. I respect them for that. This place will do very, very well, and I believe they will expand rather quickly. Just a hunch.
I had the Company Burger, 2 patties, cheese, pickles. They serve "griddle" style burgers... You know, a rather thin, flattened patty, cooked on a flat griddle. Best one of this kind I've had in the city. and I hate to put Tru Burger on blast, but the Company Burger is Tru Burger on steroids. Much better, in my opinion.
The buns are nice, holds everything together really well. The burgers were really juicy, or greasy, whatever you want to call it. I added some of their garlic mayo and a dab of ketchup, so the bun had reason to fall apart. It didn't. It held up strong.
I also had an order of onion rings, which were awesome. My only complaint was that I got 5-6 onion rings served in this little itty bitty teensy tiny container for $3 or $4. Kind of a rip but they were homemade, thick onions. Nice batter too.
Got out of there with a $12 bill. That was a Company Burger, onion rings, and a 12oz canned drink.
All in all a very solid burger and solid experience. Waited under 10 minutes for our food to be served. I wouldn't call it fast food; for one, the food is just on a different level. It's more like quick food. You can be in and out in 30 minutes without eating some pre processed patty. Will definitely be back.Simple menu. Convenient location. Laid back atmosphere. What more could a girl ask for?
Seriously though, the burgers are delicious! One of the best I've had in NOLA for sure!This is one of the New burger places that opened in New Orleans after Katrina and thank goodness it did. This town was starving for a really great hamburger and this is one of the best.  The onion rings are some of the best you will find anywhere as well and unlike the chains , they have a rather full bar menu.  The prices are not cheap but do reflect what a real burger costs these days.Let me begin by saying my family and friends call me the hamburgler. Do not be fooled by my 5ft 4inch 110 pound frame because I can throw down with most 260 pound guys....
And THIS my friends is it. I've probably eaten more hamburgers than anyone I know and at places famous like The Pantry/umami/apple pan in Los Angeles, port of call here in New Orleans, brindle room in NYC, and about a zillion infamous places in Texas, Nashville and the like.
But this place trumps them all. Fresh, steaming, gooey happiness...simple and totally out of this world. I love the fact that there are only a few things on the menu because these few things they do flawlessly! The homemade condiments just are just the icing on the cake. The onion rings are the best I've had in years and word on the street is the owners mother bakes all the deserts that, by the way are delish! If you want reasonably priced, fresh and local hamburger perfection really they can't be beat.You'll find No Poor Boys here; only Rich People.
Everything at the Company Burger is À la carte & not cheap considering what you get! You can fill your belly with a lot of really good stuff, but your wallet will be starving after they take all your cash. I had the CornHog; it is a deep fried, battered piece of Pork Belly and it was really good! 
Not a horrible value at $6.50 for a single; but the beverages & sides will quickly add up significantly. 
5 stars for food, -1 for the outrageous prices.New Orleans has needed a place for an awesome burger! And this is it! The burger is exquisite and the chef (Adam) is wonderful. Very personable and committed to quality ingredients. He's super sweet and has an awesome company! The fries and tater tots are very good as well. Everything is fresh, and the condiments bar is epic as well. Best burger in NOLA by far! :)Took the teenagers for a quick bite Friday night. Don't be confused by its being a burger joint - it is pretty pricey but the quality more than meets the price. Great burgers and toppings - locally sourced ingredients, if that matters to you. Kids got shakes and Mom got a frozen Paloma cocktail. Oh - and The.Best.Cheese.Fries.Okay, so I've only been here once, but since I live down the street I will definitely be spending way too much of my money here in the future.
That's really the only reason I docked a star, because I spent ~20 on a burger, beer, and fries. Granted, I chose one of the more expensive beers, recommended by the very kind employee.
I asked for a standard cheese burger, not dressed, and with fries. What I got was two patties of deliciousness, lots of cheese on top, and a robust and tasty bun. Unfortunately, I don't think the cashier heard my request for fries. 
I got my burger in a timely manner and realized that my fries were missing, so I went back up to the register and ordered them. The cashier, a different employee, was very apologetic and asked them to speed up my order of fries. And boy, was it speedy: I was walking away from the register as they called my name for my fries! Everyone was super friendly the whole time and the customer service was perfect.
The burger itself was EFFING. DELICIOUS. Me and my roommates were all doing our good food happy dances while eating (and not talking, at all, because we were so engrossed in our burgers).
The only drawback, besides the price, was the fact that the patties were kind of thin. I definitely would not have been satisfied with a single. I was also never asked how I wanted my burger cooked, though I'm quite sure they would have accomodated my request had I remembered it while ordering.
The fries were thick cut and delicious, though I had to season them myself. The serving size was small but appropriate, as I could barely finish them after my giant, delicious burger.
All in all, a positive experience. Good beer selection, even some cocktails if I remember correctly, cool condiment bar, nice and helpful staff, and yummy food. I will definitely be back to try their other dishes (I'm coming for you, lamb burger!!).The Company Burger is an exceptional restaurant to stop in for lunch, dinner or in between. When you park your car, and open the door ,their is the extraordinary smell of a fried  hambuger in the air, drawing you into the restaurant against your will. First, start your meal off with a beer and a shot while you wait on a wonderful piece of heaven to be cooked to perfection. I suggest a double cheese burger with a fried egg on top, and a  side of sweet potato fries,and another beer and a shot to make the meal complete. Don't expect to go back to work on this lunch because you will destroy the rest of the afternoon. Also, the kitchen is completely open to all eyes, so you know exactly how your meal is being prepared. Overall, tops in my book, expect the best from this establishment, I know you will enjoy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!All these reviews I've read about Company Burger being either too expensive or...gasp...too meaty (non-vegetarian) are whack!  $8+change for a perfectly cooked and perfectly proportioned burger served with house-cured pickles on a freshly baked brioche bun is a mighty fine deal in my book. I love the tricked-out mayo bar, love the drinks, and love that I'll never have to set foot in Atlanta again to get a burger as good as the one I remember from Holeman & Finch when Adam worked there.  Anyone complaining about the price of this perfection is clearly living a life sheltered from all the $15+ great-sounding/blah-tasting burgers/fry combos in the world and anyone griping about the lack of vegetarianism here may wish to consider instead eating at any of the 1,000+ restaurants in Nola without the word "BURGER" in their name.Staff was relatively friendly. Burger is good - better than mediocre but not the best I've ever had. Fries were a little too burnt for my liking. Worth the price? Probably notRight off the bar, what I liked about Company Burger is that they have their own parking lot (no searching for parking yay!!!).
Decor-wise, it is pretty similar to most "gourmet" burger chains. The inside of the restaurant was nice, but it was a beautiful day out so I sat outside (besides, I get better lighting for my food pics). It is counter service, so as you enter, they have menus at the door. Once you decide what to eat, place your order, wait to be called and then sit and eat.
The options are pretty limited (4 burgers, a hot dog and grilled cheese) but they all sound good. Burgers are a dime a dozen but making you own pickles, mayo and fresh baked bread daily, it is far more appealing. My fiancé AKA Burger Boy had their namesake Company Burger with a fried egg and bacon thrown on top. He loved it but what can I say, he loves burger!
He paired the burger with the Onion Rings. They were good sized rings with a very light, flaky batter.
I never had a Lamb Burger, so I decided to try it. The size was good and it came with Feta, house basil mayonnaise, red onions, and chili mint glaze. On paper it sounded delicious but it had too much sauce and then started to make my bread soggy and I do not like soggy bread. I didn't enjoy it as much as I felt I should have but I am thinking it I ask for less sauce next time, I will be able to enjoy it a little bit more.
I had my burger with the Sweet Potato Fries. They were tasty.Had lunch today at Company Burger. First time eating here and I was not disappointed. Ordered their signature burger and it was delicious. Two very juicy and perfectly cooked patties with cheese and pickles. The mayonnaise bar was a nice touch with it's different selections of flavors. The real highlight though for me was an order of the best onion rings I have had in years. Add all this to actual off street parking and it is a great experience all around.Second time eating here. Burgers were delicious as well as the fries. Service was friendly and fast. Ate outside on the patio because of the great weather and they brought our order out to us. Definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area. Absolutely love toasted buns on burgers!My family and I aren't from NOLA, so we don't know about what's good to eat around here, but when someone highly recommended Company Burger to us, we decided to give it a shot. There was not a thing at this place that didn't blow me away. The fries were good, the homemade garlic mayo was delicious, the milkshake was AMAZING, but the real star of the show was, predictably, the burger itself! It was so juicy and flavorful! It's a shame I won't be in NOLA for much longer, I'd love to come back for another before I go home!I eat here so often that my actions have already added the fifth star long before my fingers got around to typing this.  My wife and I eat a Company Burger at least once a week.  And it may come as a surprising flip of preconceived gender roles that we visit so often at her insistence rather than mine.  But I am always a willing accomplice when we sit down to murder these fine burgers.  Try to do a little of everything and you end up doing nothing well.  Company Burger does hamburgers.  Very well.Burgers are always good here.  I usually get the company burger with bacon with tots.  And the Sweet Tea is good too! It has its own parking lot which is good for the location.I wanted to try Company Burger for a really long time, and finally made it over.  I wish I could say that it lived up to the hype, but it just didn't.
I had a company burger, onion rings, and and a cocktail, and my total was $23...so pretty expensive...AND they charge 50 cents to add tomato!
I think I could deal with the price if the burger was good, but it wasn't.  The bun was slightly chewy like it been sitting under a heat lamp.  
The onion rings were VERY good, and I also really like the different mayos offered.  
For my cocktail I ordered a Violet Smash.  It wasn't good at all.
There's a lot of great burgers in New Orleans, so I don't see myself every going back to Company Burger.Delicious, fun, and casual. This place has everything you need to have a quick outing. Cocktails are delicious, food is fresh, and plenty of different appetizers, condiments, and sides to share.  Everything we had was delicious!  Milkshakes are pretty rich (and I am a sweet-lover), so if you want to indulge, I would consider sharing one!This place is awesome!!!  While it wasn't my first go around my first trip was kind of diluted with a big group with talking and what not so I didn't really appreciate the greatness that I had in front of me.  I went here on a Monday for lunch when I was slated to stay in New Orleans one extra day.  I ordered the basic cheeseburger and realized that I ate a burger with no condiments and it was pure greatness!  I will be back, and you should be too.This place is a staple in my favorites for burgers. I've ordered the lamb burger more times than I can remember and it's excellent every time. 
The lamb burger patty is never dry and has a juicy (not fat) texture. The red onions and chili mint glaze give it a tangy snap. I rarely add mayo because I really enjoy the flavor of the lamb.   
Add the sweet potato waffle fries and an old fashioned and you have an amazing meal!My first visit here I wasn't blown away, but after a second visit, I'm willing to upgrade my review.  Prior to coming, I had many people tell me that the burgers here are life changing. While it's definitely an above average burger, life changing is a stretch.  I would however come back again and again when craving a burger.  It's definitely a good place to take out of town visitors.  And in case the cashier doesn't mention it, you should check out the condiment bar at the back.Company Burger is delicious and who can go wrong with Red Cream on tap and, crispy delectable tater tots as a side?!?Loved the burgers and fries, great flavor! Also enjoyed getting to try the sauce bar! It's a very cute little joint with a walk up counter to order!You really cannot beat this burger. It's arguably the best in the world. So simple, yet so unbelievably delicious.I'm always near Freret St, but I've never eaten at Company Burger until today.  Great Burger and Sweet Potato Fries.  In fact, the burger reminded me of the burgers my dad used to grill back home.  The dining room was almost full, but I was able to find a table for my family of four.  The big screen TV was on ESPN and we ate to the sweet sounds of the Beastie Boys.  Perfect!  Four singles, four orders of fries, and four fountain drinks cost me 50 bucks.  I'll be back!  Tell them to go easy on the onions!BEST burgers. I crave this place, which I am not known to do about any food. The burgers will NOT disappoint. 
I have had some pretty legit conversations debating between which is better: Tru Burger or Company Burger (five guys: sit down, not now!) and hands down it is always Company Burger. This meat is prepared so well you can taste the herbs and spices and LOVE.
The burgers are not the enormous Port of Call delicious burgers- but they have their own something special that makes it worthwhile. That meat, the cheese, their onions, the bun, the whole thing is a frigin mouth explosion, you need to go. Go now!! I am having a moment.
The mayo bar? It is like I am my own master chef with all my little concoctions I can make. It is easy to eat there or to go because they have lots of little mayo to go cups for your convenience. Sometimes I prefer to take the food away or eat outside because it is always packed there. BECAUSE IT IS THE BEST. The people who work there are always friendly. It is always clean inside.
Even when I maintain a very strict, low calorie diet, this is my once a week lunchtime cheat and I just cannot, cannot feel guilty about it because the burgers are THAT good. I would not waste these calories on food that did not totally satisfy. 
GET THE TOTS! Basil + chipotle mayo! Heaven!Very disappointed in this place.  Definitely not better than port of call or any other New Orleans staple. This burger seemed to be a frozen patty that someone threw some salt on. On the other hand the onions rings and sweet tea punch were good. But those two alone will not make me go back.
I visited Company Burger because of the great Yelp reviews and Yelp has failed me once again. What a waste of $30!!!Friendly (fast) service, solid burgers, house-made condiments and good (well mixed) drinks.
Ordered The Single, Onion Rings and Rye Mint Julep.Best hangover cure!
The milkshakes were fantastic and I still crave the chipotle mayo.Burgers, onion rings, milkshakes, and fries are awesome. Good quality and always perfectly cooked. My only complaint is that they don't have lettuce available as a burger topping.My room mate and happened across this place tonight and were pleasantly surprised. I had the lamb burger and it was in a word INCREDIBLE. The pecan old fashioned and the pork rinds with jalapeño vinegar left nothing to be desired. I definitely look forward to returning. Juicy burgers, good drinks, and a quaint little outdoor picnic area.I would be highly suspicious of anyone giving this establishment less than four stars. There is something magical about freshly made and hand dusted pork rinds. Perhaps it's the fluffy crunch that follows each bite or the snap, crackle, and pop when you pick them up. This is just an appetizer mind you, their burgers are unparalleled in this part of town. I would put them up against Port of Call any day of the week. If your around Freret you must stop in for a beer and pork rinds, and get the ranch dusted... You will not be disappointed.This place never disappoints. Burgers are always on point. Keyword = consistency. The burgers are greasy as hell and someone's gotta do it. These lil daddies will certainly fill you up and have you in food coma. Every Tuesday, they serve up a wicked fried chicken sandwich. Everything on the menu is served up in generous portions. Easily top 5 in Nola for burgers.I can't emphasize enough how amazing this burger place is!  In my opinion one of the best burgers in town with Cowbell and Capedeville close behind.  The meat is ground in house every day, and they make all of their own condiments including the pickles! Everything is just so fresh, you can taste it. One of the best things about this burger is the bread.  It's super soft and just different than any other burger place I've ever tried.  
Try it. You'll love it!Favorite place in nola to grab a burger, hands down. Its a simple burger done right, cooked perfectly with just the right bread. I go for the single with cheese and add a fried egg. I'm not sure I need to explain the amazing that goes along with this. 
I'm not a huge french fry/tott person, but the mayo bar makes some fries for dipping essential. My favorite is the basil mayo, a nice fresh twist to heavy mayo. I also like trying their off menu vegetables- the green beans and sweet potato fries are where its at. 
Good atmosphere, they have a pretty good playlist going at most times. They serve beer, too. One pet peeve is when you see a table full of empty plates and people lingering. I love socializing, but when a place with limited seating is packed there's a time to move it along!Best burger in town. I live close and have been a bunch of times. I've never had a negative experience when eating here. It's a little pricey but I don't mind paying more for better quality. Be sure to try all of their mayo options as well as their milk shakes. They switch out the flavors so there is a good variety.What a great place! Delicious burgers, onion rings & the pimento cheese with pork rinds-unbelievable! Our best dinner in NO so far & the staff-great! Atmosphere is fun & eclectic..try itI got their lamb burger a while back and I thought it was absolutely delicious. Juicy, tons of flavor and didn't leave you feeling totally full after. 
Need to go back next time I am in town!I think I was lucky and caught them on a good night cuz the SAINTS game was on there wasn't a line out the door.
The lamb burger I had was the best burger I've had in town. It was not gamy at all. I love how the chef seasons the meat right before it hits the grill. The onion rings were crunchy and tasty better than fries I thought.
You can get a great cocktail here cuz the guys of Cure created the cocktail menu. On the line of drinks I love that you can sweeten your tea with simple syrup and agave nectar.
I got to chat a bit with one of the business partners after his shift. He is a really nice guy and he told me in the future they plan on expanding their hours! Oh and another very vital fact they have off street parking!
I can't wait to return to give the turkey burger a try.Pleasantly surprised!  I have been looking for a solid turkey burger since moving to NOLA from LA, and I am glad to say I have found it!  I had the turkey burger dressed as the Company Burger with a side of Jalapeño slaw.  The burger was tender and the flavor was on point.  The spiciness of the slaw was a little jarring at first bite but it was delicious.  If you don't love spicy food, bypass the slaw and try the sweet potato fries.  The ones that I had were seasoned perfectly.  I will definitely be back!Ok, haters, I don't know how to tell you this, but, to put it mildly: you're wrong. And possibly stupid. And definitely are no kind of foodie. So go ahead and stay home - more for the rest of us. Everyone else with a brain and functioning taste buds? GET IN YOUR CAR AND DRIVE TO THE COMPANY BURGER NOW. If that's not possible, take the streetcar or ride your bike or hitch hike or walk through flood waters. Really, whatever it takes. 
Onto the meat (ha! a pun!), I search out the best burger wherever I happen to be. Though I've lived in NYC for 10 years, New Orleans is home. And, now, with the opening of The Company Burger, a much tastier home it is, indeed (as if I thought that could be possible?!). 
TBC killed it. First of all, the space is immaculate. No sitting on top of your neighbors. A SPOTLESSLY clean open kitchen, where the staff, who are churning out food at an incredible pace, seem totally calm. Music = good mood but not too loud. Game on mute = perfect entertainment. Mayo bar? You had me at hello. 
But that's just aesthetics. Now let's talk food. The bun was perfectly smooshy and yet perfectly toasted. The red onions were slivered JUST right. The burger itself? Take me now, lord. The meat was delicious and cooked to perfection (usually I like my meat dripping in blood but this perfectly pink middle did the trick). Then there were the B&B pickles, of which I was originally skeptical. Let me assure you: fear not. They added juuuuust a hint of sweet to the savory masterpiece. And that mayo bar?! Holy sh*tballs! Added a snap of garlic to my already delicious situation. And then there was the bacon. Swoooooon: the bacon. Just the right amount of thickness (not too thick, not too thin), expertly crisped, and smokey smokey smokey. 
Sweet potato fries? Also perfection (noticing a pattern?). Crispy on the inside, smooshy on the inside, left no speck of grease on my fingers. The tatertots, which I ordered on a whim as a childhood throwback (and split with my mother, as with the sweet potato fries - I'm not a total pig) were also totally crispy on the outside, smooshy on the inside and not covered in grease. 
So, basically, an A+++. If it didn't make me into a total crazy person (slash: if I didn't live in Brooklyn), I'd be waiting outside daily (minus Tuesday) at 10:59 am and again at 4:59 pm. And if you took my table? I'd slap ya for it. 
Adam Biderman knows what he's doing, y'all. Don't mess; just love it and eat it. 
I'm one happy customer (which was obviously not clear from this review ... oh, wait ....).Company Burger is truly the Best Burger I've Ever Ate! You can't go wrong with anything here. And the sauces, the sauces you can choose from are amazing complementary all served on the side.Pardon if my review is cryptic, mixed up, or flat out incomprehensible....I am currently recovering from a glorious cheeseburger induced food coma.  I haven't felt this level of contentment since the last time I...errr..ok, I'll keep it family friendly... Which, incidentally, also describes Company Burger.  Even though previous reviews pointed to a cliquish, pretentious staff, I felt genuinely welcomed and courteously waited upon.  From start to finish, the experience was positive, and there was great people watching as the Friday night crowd rolled in, too.  My daughter and I sat at the "bar", which was fun because we could watch the cooks flip burgers. Just go here, already!! You are destined to enjoy it.  And PS, if you enjoy bacon, don't hesitate to add to your burgers here. The bacon is crisp and has an amazing smoky flavor.Best damn burger I've had in my life.  Everything is perfect about this burger.  Just beautiful.  Always consistent.  The first burger I had was just as good as the last time I went in.  I never wait more than 10mins for my meal.Company Burger has the best burgers I have ever tasted. Some will argue that Port of Call is their favorite but I disagree. CB has fresh meat that melts in your mouth, encased in a soft bun. All of the aoilis are very tasty and I don't even eat mayonnaise! They don't serve lettuce or tomato which I usually eat on any given burger BUT this is CB it would only distract you from the juiciness and delicious taste of the burger itself, you won't miss it anyhow. PS my husband is obsessed with this place.
As I was ranting about the burger I forgot to mention the OMG delicious carrot cake they have displayed in the front. SO moist and the icing on top is made of a pineapple cream cheeseTaking off one star for lack of flavor of the meat (there was no flavor or seasoning) and one star for the amount of flies buzzing around! Yuck! Other than that, it was great. A little on the crowded side and the table vultures were circling waiting for us to finish that last bite. They were very generous with the delicious tomato slices. I was taken aback by the tip jar. It's pretty much a self-service restaurant.Painfully overrated. I heard amazing things about Company Burger, so my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try. The burger was good, but really small. I'm not a large person, but I wasn't at all full. Fries and tater tots were decent, but they had no ranch dressing (which is a must for me with french fries). The restaurant was loud and fairly uncomfortable, and seems unfinished (handwritten on paper signs everywhere, concrete floor, flag hanging from ceiling?) My last gripe has more to do with the "New" Freret Street than TCB in particular. While the new businesses popping up are good(?) they feel awfully yuppie. TCB didn't have a single black employee behind the counter. Or eating in the restaurant. No one who wasn't white. As a person of color, I felt a little weird about that, and wondered where the people who lived on the "Old" Freret Street work and go out for dinner. Because it sure ain't Company Burger. I give this business a whole extra star for the stellar basil mayonnaise (which I'm totally gonna replicate at home) but I don't get why people flock to this place. I've definitely had better burgers.A burger place without lettuce or tomato? That's not a gimmick (even if you do flaunt it on your pretentious "BYO L&T" t-shirt).
Otherwise great tasting food: wonderful burgers, great fries, onion rings, and tater tots. Liked that they have a good selection of local, domestic, and imported beers on tap and in can. Just wish they could hook me up with some veggies... :-/
Updating my review because I've been back a few times since and the tastiness overshadows my guilt, plus I joined a gym so the lack of veggies is okay.Burgers are just about perfect every time. The fries are pretty disappointing. They have a sauce bar. A SAUCE BAR. Ketchups and aiolis and mustards and all kinds of home made condiments. I've been here three times, and it's always a treat. I'm also a big fan of sauces.Burgers and fries are very much a personal "thing" and everyone is very specific with their requirements when describing the perfect bite of either.   Chances are your "best burger" or "best french fry" exists in another town and is, perhaps, only served in that town.  I get it.  
The Company Burger however will give you a (more expensive) out-of-town mistress to that burger.  There's just enough of that soft, pillowy bread.  The meat is juicy and well-cooked (I almost said perfectly cooked but I'm trying not to use superlatives). They offer egg and bacon as toppings.  You can get sides like tater tots and fries (regular or sweet potato) - neither of which were extraordinary but, hey, I was there for the burger.  
I say give it a shot.  It may be in the running for your best burger.  I know it's become my substitute.Probably the best burger I've ever had. I've never been a big burger fan-- this place changed that.After all the rave and drooling about the Company Burger, I was more than excited to experience it for the first time last weekend. I ordered the Single, no pickles, with fries. The price was fine - $12 for both, and the fries were aplenty (my favorite), and the burger was a great size. 
I liked the quality of the meat and ingredients, but the flavor was too salty. I am not sure if it was the cheese or the meat that was so salty, but I gave the burger to my friend. FYI: I am a meat girl - I do not just GIVE away my burgers (or fries - ever). Soo..... that kinda actually sucked a lot. I was not going to bring it back because it was tres busy, and I was already getting full off of the fries. Oh, the fries were delicious.
I will return there again for sure, but next time if it is too salty, I will ask them to remake. If possible. Now I'm hungry. But, when am I not.When the owners of The Company Burger were choosing suppliers, they spared no effort to find the best, and ended up with Creekstone Farms from Kansas for the beef, and Wisconsin's Nueske's for the hot dogs.   They make some condiments in-house, and the meticulous preparation shows.
Company set out to offer the consummate American cheeseburger, and succeeds on every count.  The classic comes with American cheese, house made bread and butter pickles, and red onions.  Note to Company?  Add a dill option.  Thank you.
The onion ring stack was superb, but I'd like a larger order.
The beef blend that the owners devised with the Creekstone is absolutely perfect, very flavorful, probably a brisket, chuck, short rib blend, with just the right amount of fat.
They have tots, sweet potato fries and pork rinds, with a large compliment of local craft beers along side some national brands and cocktails.
Switch it up if you're in the mood with a lamb or turkey patty;  eschew meat?  Try the grilled cheese.
The Company Burger is located uptown, and open every day at 11 AM, except Tuesday when they take a break.Okay, maybe a bit pricey, but we ordered one Company Burger, side of fries, the lamb burger and drinks.  All of it was excellent.  In fact, the lamb burger was out-of-this-world amazing.  Also, nice thick cut fries, homestyle -- perfect!  A must try... and try again!The burger was delicious! The cheese was just melting right off which is the only way to have your burger! Portion size was great for the price. Two burgers and two sides for under $30. 
I was a little surprised that when I tasted the company fries that they had a slight peanut taste to them. I didn't notice that they made reference to them being friend in peanut oil but that would be my guess as to why. Those with but allergies beware. I wish the fries hadn't been more like "fry chunks" as opposed to full sized fries. The sweet potato waffle fries were nothing spectacular either. I found they had very little sweet potato flavor. 
Burgers great! Sides mediocre.i had the company burger with bacon and eggs. this place was incredible. $33 is too steep for 2 burgers 2 fries and a grilled cheese sandwich, but it is what it is... incredibleOutstanding burgers and fries. The mayo bar puts them over the top. 
Juiciest and tastiest burgers I've had. 
Can't wait to come back.My boyfriend and I had just arrived in New Orleans for vacation and this was one of the recommendations from friends, and I can see why. I ordered the Company Burger with bacon with Onion rings and a glass bottle coke. I was already happy because they offered bread and butter pickles, and hand pat the burgers in front of you. However, the real MVP were the onion rings. Holy cow, the onion rings are off the chain. Hand breaded, purple onion goodness. Really didn't even need ketchup. The burger itself was juicy, not too big, but big enough to make me full. A little pricey, especially for lunch, but I was happy to pay (and tip) for such a good experience for our first stop in NOLA. They also offer milkshakes and local hand crafted beer! Win for everyone!Believe the hype! I have heard so much about burgers from the Company from friends and the internet, I had to check it out.
I went with the LA BBQ burger and fries.  I don't know if it is a specialty burger or not, but it isn't on the menu.  This burger comes with a 1/2 lb. of meat, fried jalepenos, cheese, and housemade BBQ sauce.  It is recommended to be cooked medium which is the way I like my burgers.  The buns were lightly toasted with some kind of butter on it.  I love my burgers juicy and it did not disappoint. The one thing I did not like was the BBQ sauce.  It tasted fine on the burger but not so well with the fries.  It sort of tasted like coffee to me.  The fries were really good too.  Hand-cut and cooked fresh, they were a perfect compliment.  But the fries itself was $3.50.  There is a mayo bar in the back that I failed to take advantage of that has several types of mayo.  
I would give The Company a 5 except for one tiny detail they could fix.  The ketchup on my table tasted like it was ruined.  That is an easy fix for someone.  I also thought the fries were a little high. But other than that, this could be a burger place I frequent every time I'm in New Orleans.My friend talked me into going back to company burger. This time it was less greasy and really good. The meat is excellent and combined with the onion rings made for a super lunch. I have to upgrade my rating.Probably the best burger in town. I am also  partial to Port of Call, but the Company Burger does an excellent job, with superb totters and milkshakes.
As the name indicates, burgers are the main specialty, and they are juicy, messy and delicious.
I highly recommend it.If I want a cheeseburger, I go here.  No lettuce or tomato, but they have amazing pickles that you will most definitely want to order extra on your burger.  They make some interesting sauces to go on your burger, including a basil mayo, and a "secret sauce."  I usually opt for the sweet potato fries, or onion rings, or both.I ordered a cheeseburger and tots. The burger was cooked perfectly. Although they don't have lettuce, which I had never heard of. But burger was so good I didn't miss it.The burgers and onion rings were ok, nothing out of the ordinary, but the fries and service were great!My favorite burger in the city. Friendly, family atmosphere. They handle the dinner rush well. Not a good spot for vegetarians, but a great take on a traditional cheese burger.Hubby and I went on our date night to prep for a night of drinking. Great burgers!! A bit small in size, but the taste and service made up for it. Loved the casual atmosphere along with the friendly staff. They were very welcoming & helpful. I will definitely return.Regular burger was not bad.  Reminded me of the OLD Lee's hamburger on Tulane Ave (am I dating myself?) with fresh meat and lots of onion. Did not care for the lamb burger. The favors didn't cut it for me nor my wife, and the $12 was way out line anyway. And where was the tomato and lettuce.   Sweet potato fries were tasty, but not very hot (why? They were packed, and cooking continuously). $3 is high for the small portion, too. Tea was watery. Place was smoky- hood fan didn't do adequate job, it seemed. Found it annoying that they served both our burgers on one platter, and then when i asked for a second one, so we didn't have to lean over each other with dripping burgers, the owner/chef got a bit sarcastic as he resentfully handed me one.  All in all, not enamored though we may try again once they get their bugs worked out.  and adjust their pricing.as a person who loves to try the best burgers when I can I had to drag my family to this place. DELICIOUS! loved this place. having a burger a few days later at sonic was not the same. now of course it's not as great as shake shack in ny but it's very close and the fries are out of this world.Much like 5 guys, the company burger is a step above the normal fast food burger but the biggest draw back is the grease. I guess its the combination of fatty meat, cheese and grilled onions that creates a grease bomb that is the company burger. My friend and I ate lunch there today and even she commented on the grease and was reluctant at first to eat it. They might do better getting a less fatty grade of meat. Overall it taste very good but visibly unattractive due the all the GREASE.Nothing that would make me come back. It was just ok. There is a lot of salt and did not like the American cheese. Good service but just kind of missed the mark of how good I thought it would be. Onion rings are pretty good..I think I may have found one of the best burgers I have ever had.  The price could be 10-15% cheaper in my opinion or the burger 10-15% larger but it is still a good deal for the amount of flavor you get.  I had their signature burger (The Company Burger) with a fried egg on top and a side of the hand cut fries. It says that they technically use American cheese but it is unlike any other American cheese I have ever had. The way this cheese melts and creates almost a sauce like consistency is amazing.  The melted cheese with the gooey fried egg yolk set the burger over the top.  The thin beef patties were juicy and had a good fat ratio. The Bun (a little sweet and nicely toasted) held up to the dripping yolk/cheese/fat. The Bread and butter pickles were an amazing addition that cut the fat and salt flavors with a sweetness that made it all come together.  The fries are crunchy yet light and full of that greasy goodness we all love from hand cut French fries.  I saw people reviewing that the burger and fries were full of grease, and that isn't exactly true. Overall was the burger and the fries a tiny bit greasy? Yes. But not extremely like some burger places, to me a little greasiness is what makes a good burger spot.  I will be back again.Quick, cheap, and yum! Definitely going to be a favorite.This place never disappoints. Their burgers always hit the spot. Get a milkshake. Try some of their onion rings. Their spicy pork rinds are the bomb. One of my favorite places to get a burger in NOLA.Best grilled cheese I can remember eating. You can get an egg on it. Love being able to watch the kitchen. Fries are amazing. Condiment bar rocks. Chef has a selection of cooking books for customers to read while dining.i had no expectations coming into this place, though read about the pretentiousness of the L/T policy...
I did the Company Burger (with Creole tomato) and onion rings.  Great flavor and a strong plume of crushed black pepper both on the burger and rings.  I thought I was hungry when I made my order, but apparently not because I couldn't finish the rings after surviving the richness of the burger.  Very juicy (better wear a bib) and full of flavor [my point is the absence of accouterments is warranted...you don't need it, Philistine!]I don't know why I returned to this restaurant but I did.  With so many good restaurants in the city, I don't usually give so many chances when things aren't up to par.  I really, really wanted to knock my rating up to 4 starts.  I was really impressed that I could now get a TOMATO!  I know that sounds sarcastic, but it's not.  I never expected that to happen.  I was even more impressed that the staff were wearing shirts that poked fun at the whole tomato controversy.  I can appreciate a good troll if that's what happened.  Either way, a sense of humor is commendable.  I still love the beer and onion rings.  There was nothing unpleasant about the music... looking at the home stretch here... burger was raw in the middle.  The part that was not raw tasted good.  Hell, the raw part wasn't bad.  I set the worst aside and just took my chances finishing anything that looked at all cooked.  I suppose that the sourcing of the meat and prep leading up to the grill is ok because I didn't have any negative consequences.  Good luck, Company Burger. I'm out, but if you continue getting the kinks sorted, you will be a legend.Company Burger is so good.  My mom and I usually split a burger with bacon, sweet potato fries and then whatever fresh veggie they have for the day.  Their fresh veggies are so awesome because it is always a way I have never tried.  Last time they had greens that were spank ya momma good because they had apple cider vinegar and hot sauce.  Today we had fingerling sweet potatoes with onions in a creole mustard sauce that were stellar (fingerling sweet potatoes? who knew!).  Inventive veggies for the win!  The burger is absolute melty delciousness.  Five Guys & Port of Call, move over because you wish you were this good.  Company Burger is fresh, quick and I really like the clean & simple atmosphere.  The cultcha in New Orleans is way big so simplicity is occasionally welcomed.  The employees are so nice and this somehow makes the food better because you are confident that they value your business.  Keep it up Company!  Delicious burgers, somewhat schmancy cocktails, yummy veggies and nice folks.  Yes.The staff was friendly, but the food doesn't live up to the hype. I'm sure hoping that they will improve over time.
The "Company Burger" cheese burger was very good, as were the onion rings. The corn dog, however, was absolutely awful. The breading was baseball sized and undercooked. When I took a bite, a tablespoon-sized pocket of grease squirted into my mouth. Yuk!  Additionally, the meat of the corndog was just a small strip of pork; unacceptable for any type of "dog."
I did like their selection of draft beers. They have a cool collection of house drink specials, too.
They need some time to work out the kinks. I will write an updated review in a few weeks.Great Place!!  Honestly one of the best burgers I've had in a very long while.  Its a traditional thin pattie burger with american cheese.  Fairly simple but done fresh and executed perfectly.  
Counter service type restaurant.  Line moves quickly and orders are made and served quickly as well.  Simple menu with sone great choices.  Fries, onion rings and Pork Rinds w/ Pimento Cheese are all good.  Have a Mayo bar with like 6 different choices and have all the usual condiments. Also, great selection of Shakes and Malts.  Love a place that does a MALT!!  Also serves alcohol; mixed drinks, daily specials, wine and beer.
Its a great place that executes a simple concept perfectly.I've been coming here for quite some time now and finally sat down to write my review!!  Let me just say "mayo bar".  It's a mayo based sauces bar.  From ranch to chipotle to basil mayo!  It's self served! 
Now! On to the good stuff! I already get a single company burger! It's topped with red onions, American cheese and housemade pickles! Nice crunch and sweetness to it! I love love love the pickles! The meat is cook medium well which surprisingly is still very juicy! The bun that nestles this meat is somewhat slight sweet.  But the best part about this meal is ordering the company burger fries! It's double fried so it's double the tastiness and double the crunch considering its hand cut fries! We all know that hand cut fries rarely gets crunchy! But double frying makes it better! Pair it with a side of ranch and an ice cold coke....I am In heaven!  
They also offer hand spun shakes (different flavors of the month) but always includes your staple flavors such as vanilla.  If you want an alcoholic beverage, they also offer a variety.  I'm not much of a drinker as I am a foodie! Btw...they do have root beer floats for those feeling the cream and fizz! 
Will be back over and over and over again!Was in town to see the Blue Man Group. Wanted to eat at a place to fit the fun mood of anticipating the show but also had great food. We weren't super dressed up so a casual place would work. We all love burgers so off to The Company burger we went. We had riden our bikes exploring Freret Street so we had seen the outside but had never gone in. It seemed like a cool place to eat, so I hoped the food fit the bill. I had the company burger loaded. Wow the burger with the egg was awesome!!! i had a similar burger at a place in D.C. after a Capital's game but couldn't taste the egg. Here you could taste everything that was on the burger!!! Everyone had a different side. I had the onion rings which were not that great but my wife had the tots and my son and his girlfriend both had the fries which were much better. So next time it's tots or fries!!! Met the owner and as the rest of the staff was a great guy. All and all it's a great place to enjoy a burger with friends. I will be back again.For those asking about the price..it is a gourmet burger place. However, I have had better gourmet burgers at different places (Truburger on Oak is my favorite). 
Their mayo bar is ok. I feel like one of the sauces tastes like they stole it from Cane's...?? 
Let's just say I would go back, but there are places I'd rather go to. I wasn't totally impressed/blown awayHave you ever been to Five Guys?  You have?  OK.  Imagine that, but with fresher ground beef and higher-quality "gourmet" condiments.  There you go.
Also included free of charge is the same heavy feeling in the pit of your stomach and the mild self-loathing that inevitably comes after ingesting over a thousand calories worth of burger and fries.
It is probably worth mentioning that this place is right next to the gym I work out at, so I always feel smug about myself when I've just finished a workout and I see people leaving the burger joint, so that makes this review biased.  I've put away my fair share of thousand-calorie meals, but holy hell, this place (and Five Guys) just wipes me out.Bad Company Burgers. 
So whoever the person was from CNN that said this was "The Best Burger in America" must have an ownership interest in the place and/or they have never been to Whiskey Bar in Philly, or The Squeeze Inn in Sacramento, CA or even In n Out Burger. In fairness it isn't bad, but the "Best in America" hardly. Nice fresh bun but the beef was over salted and overall it was just OK. The Company Fries seriously tasted like the fry grease was a month overdue for a change out. My wife ordered a grilled cheese that was just plain sad. The cheese wasn't even melted completely and the bacon was obviously fried hours ago. And for $31 bucks it was just not worth it. I know NOLA isn't famous for burgers but this place won't help the rep.I love this place.  The burgers are so delicious and the fries are perfection.  I love that I can order a single burger so I can have the pleasure of getting my fill without going overboard on the extravagance that a greasy spoon diner can bring.
When I bite into my burger, I close my eyes and revel in the glory of the perfectly flavored brisket/chuck combo juices, melding with the gourmet mayo, pungent yellow mustard and contrasting with the crisp cold crunch of a raw onion,  ice cold lettuce and slightly sweet/slightly acidic counter of a vine ripe tomato....
And then I open my eyes to the sadness of my reality, which is that Company Burger is like a really cool friend that you really, really like and want to hang out with forever, but only if you only do what they want to do all the time and you have to pay for everything and they don't really care about your likes or dislikes because they are not really that nice to you.
Oh Company Burger, I want to marry you, but alas, we must part ways because this is an abusive relationship and I love myself too much to let you demean me in this way.  Parting is such sweet sorrow, but it is better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all....:'(
Just kidding.  I'll be back, but I'm gonna bring a Tupperware container of my own damn lettuce and tomatoes.  I'll be seriously annoyed that I have to do that, but dang your burgers are good!This is probably my favorite burger place in the entire city. I love the company burger and onion rings. I can't say anything but good things about this place. And, they are very consistent with their food: every time I go there it tastes exactly like the last time I went there, fantastic! People complain about the prices but you get what you pay for, if you buy a cheap burger, it probably won't be very good. Money well spent in my opinion.Forget about the Port of Call, its a tourist trap anyway IMHO, if your really into a great burger this is the place. The menu is super simple, its pretty much a range of burger types and fries, of course there are drinks too. Food well prepared and fries were hot and tasty, great place for lunch and they even have lots of off street parking!I've eaten here four or five times. Of all of the burgers that I've tried in NOLA, this is my favorite.  I always get the standard, one-patty burger, and it's great. No lettuce or tomato, which is how I roll. You get a nice, simple burger--cheese and  sweet bread-and-butter pickle slices and fried onions--and then maybe add one or more of the mayos or sauces from the condiment bar. Yum. My wife and I usually get the hand-cut fries if they have them or the tater tots if they've run out of fries. If you've ever had Potato Patch fries from Kennywood Park in Pittsburgh (you lucky dog, you), you know the fries I'm talking about. There is a good selection of beers on tap.My wife tried the egg on her burger once, and she loved it.
It can get a little crowded, but there are some tables outside for overflow (somebody give the little black kitty a home, okay?  we would take it in, but we already have our quota of cats living here). If the timing is bad, finding a place to sit might be a little tricky, but we've always managed to find something.
For my money, Company Burger is the best burger place in NOLA. If you like burgers and find yourself on Freret Street, you owe it to yourself to try it.People complaining about prices, this is a gourmet burger place, meaning that you are getting fresh, quality ingredients.  I'm from Texas and have eaten a lot of burgers in my day, and Company Burger is top notch.
The vegetable of the day is also always amazing.I realized that in several of my reviews I lamented that my money would have been better spent at Company Burger, but I've never done a review of it! Well, to put it simply, I love this place. The hamburger has a flavor like no other...it's just fresh and tastes like meat! I know some bemoan the fact that they don't offer lettuce and tomato as an option, but it's fine with me; I think their pickle/onion/cheese combo is spot-on.
The french fries have changed and not for the better. They used to be a lot crispier and now they seem kind of...starchy? I don't know what they are doing differently, maybe they used to fry them twice but now they don't? The tater tots are boring. The onion rings and sweet potato fries are delicious and always perfectly cooked and seasoned.
I love the mayo bar but would like to see a little variety. The very first time I went there, they had a bacon flavored mayonnaise. Haven't seen it since. I shouldn't complain, it's not like flavored mayo is common around here!
The staff is very nice. Overall, I am very pleased with Company Burger.I subtracted one star, because it is basically just a burger joint. Yes, I said it. The burgers are good and the atmosphere is New Orleansesque, but it it is not a five star restaurant. I haven't compared many of the burgers in the New Orleans area, but this was one tasty burger. It was paired with tater tots and washed down with a sweet tea. So all in all, good times. 
The line could be quite long as it was on the two times I went here. Just look at the pictures of the food and you can get an idea of what the wait is for.I seriously love this place. I had the Company Burger and it was sooooo taste. The cheese, the bread, the everything; I really loved it. The fries were huge, which if a great thing for me and I was able to enjoy my first Red Creme Soda in a long time. Its wonderful. The lamb burger looked phenomenal and I also need that in my life shortly.
Cool place, kinda small and tables are hard to come by but don't let that stop you from getting a burger. If you are looking for hardcore service this is not the place for you, they are busy making burgers bus your own tables people, which is cool by me.Over rated and over hyped. I'm not a fan of American cheese or thin burger patties. Too many other good and decent burger places to waste your time somewhere crowded and overpriced, just because they have tater tots.Love the burgers here.  The burgers don't need any condiments- they are delicious on their own.   Milkshakes are also good.   Cool atmosphere, easy parking.   Favorite place for burgers in New Orleans.  I wish they would open a location in Metairie.Pretty good burgers! I like their selections of mayos. The patties are pretty small though and they only offer American cheese.One of best burgers I can remember eating; make sure to add bacon.The condiments bar was neat. The house pickled yellow peppers were killer. Yummy onion rings and creative cocktails.I finally went to the Company Burger for a solo lunch date this weekend. The Company Burger is a gourmet burger place that does its thing really well without being too frou-frou. You order at the cash register, and then take a seat. After a while, they'll holler your name and you pick up your food from the counter. It took a while for me to get my burger, but they were slammed (Saturday lunchtime), so I understood.
Pros: 
*Counter staff was SUPER nice and helpful (I was obviously very confused about how to navigate when I arrived). 
*Menu is pretty simple (a pro in my book - I'd rather go somewhere that does half a dozen things very well then 30 things okay)
*Good beer selection
*Burgers tasted super-fresh. So good that I wish I had gone without the bacon on my burger so I could taste more of the burger. 
*BASIL MAYO!
Cons:
*I'm trying to dig deep here, because I really enjoyed my lunch here. Maybe my only complaint is that a burger + beer + tip set me back just under $20, which seemed pricey for one person. So I wouldn't do this all the time, but once in a while - definitely would go here again.Excellent burger and bun. Good fries, need to go back and try the Tater Tots. Interesting service but a good meal for  about ten bucks. Prices in line with other good burger joints in town but meat here is better than most. Bun is nice change from out of the plastic bag types, taste like real home cooked bread. Big crowd when I was there for lunch on a Friday, hardly a seat and  full parking lot. If you need to have what Micky Dee's makes you eat then this is not a place you will like, real bun, real meat, no salad on the sandwich. Real flavor to the burger with nice touch of sweet pickle. If you need tomato, lettuce, and sour pickle to make you happy get them to go and add it at home otherwise enjoy a good burger with real flavor in the shop.This place is delicious. Good sweet tea, also (a big plus for southern ladies). If you call in, they reiterate which location you are speaking to, and say if there is a line to go to the side of the counter for pickup and they'll come straight to you. Very quick service and always friendly. Working in retail, I really appreciate when an associate does their very best to smile and be welcoming during a rush. They do just that, and the food rocks too. I ordered the single with bacon and onion rings (both are delicious). They have a great mayo bar with lots of different mayo variations. Milkshakes are good, and sweet potato fries too! Definitely a meal for a cheat day! ;)Easily the best burger in the city. Freshly ground beef, toasted fresh hamburger buns, homemade pickles , and a mayo bar! Excellent fries and onion rings!! Go to this place now!If you like to spend a lot and get little this is your place. The burger itself was OK, nothing to write home about, but decent. I ordered the company burger (add egg) and a fountain drink... I PAID $13.29 AFTER TAX!! Considering this is a self-serve type eatery, THATS RIDICULOUS. Suffice it to say, there are MUCH better burgers elsewhere in the city and for a cheaper price. It is simply a trendy hipster restaurant; a tourist trap. If you like long lines and expensive mediocre food, than by all means.....nothing special about the burgers here.    friends of mine talk like this is some gourmet stuffs, but alas, its just a burger.   lots of fun stuff you can add yourself to ya burger, but I didn't see anything here that was over the top.
however the sweet potato waffle fries are awesome.
ya lose a point for having the smiths playing.  sorry.Delicious! Loved the burgers, the service was pretty quick despite the large number os other customers.The best burgers I've ever had!! 
The onions rings and sweet potatoes fries are delicious!!The Burger Battle rages on.  We gave The Company Burger all the stars despite the fact that we have yet to decide the best burger in the world.  
***IT IS NOT DECIDED THAT THIS IS THE BEST BURGER IN THE WORLD.  HOWEVER, IT IS DECIDED THAT THIS BURGER IS A CONTENDER***
The burgers are bad ass - the flavor tastes delicious and the taste has a delicious flavor. Buns Rule. The fried accoutrement are bad ass (pickle chips! PICKLE CHIPS!).  You can do your own food dipping/spreading experiments with the SAUCE BAR that features stuff like goddamn bacon mayonnaise. Mega cool points for that one.
We are giving The Company Burger 5 stars because the food is worthy of the hype and the staff is awesome.  We think the owner, cooks, waitstaff - all of them really have made an impression that they truly love what they are doing and they believe in their product. And that's how we are too so we value that.  You know what happens when you love what you do 100%?
YOU ALWAYS GET BETTER.
We believe that Company Burger will be one of those places that will always be improving and impressing us with their badassness.We had the company burger on one we added fried egg . Both Burgers were cooked very well and were the perfect size. onion rings and sweet potatos were very good as well.I have came here many times and have not checked in. Shame on Me!! I love burgers. So it's a  no Brainer that this is one of the spots to be at when it comes to burger business. The Signature Company Burger is a two doubled  Ground Beef Patti packed with American cheese and other toppings. Really good. The bread and meat ratio is really fulfilling. Over the years Company Burger has definitely added many exciting things to their menu such as milk shakes, cocktails, and different flavor of the day sweet teas. I enjoy coming here  an u definitely need to check in more often!Exactly what I was looking for!!!
Very fast service, fair price, great atmosphere, and clean restaurant. 
The burger had perfect flavor, texture, cooked medium. The bun was flavorful, soft, and toasted. 
I can't wait to go back.I've been going back here, and it's steadily become my favorite burger joint in the city. They seem to really have hit their stride, and I would recommend a Company Burger with a fried egg on it to any fellow meat eater.Fries eh but the BURGERS OMG DELICIOUS! The Company Burger might be home to the best burgers in NOLA...giving four stars because I'm a college student and it's a lil on the pricey side for meno ambiance, the meat was good, but paying 15$ without taxe for a lamb burger and a french fries thats overpriced! dat dog on freret offers good  made with love hot dogs for 6$ and you have more than enough. i think its important whether or not you're using grass fed animal meat to not forget that you're dealing with a burger after all.why dinning ou there when you can do that yourself home for less and dine out somewhere else for a better global experience.Asked for bacon mushroom Swiss burger...didn't have mushroom! It was start of day, so don't get that. Ordered 2 onion rings...got one. So for 2 hamburgers, 1 onion ring and 2 drinks was just over $30 bucks! I mean WOW! That's crazy!! Plus not the friendliest bunch either. Won't be going back...that's for sure.Best Burger Outside of Oklahoma. Best quality burger in all of Louisiana. Always clean. Staff spot on. Owner up front making it happen.  Seriously, I've tried burgers everywhere.  The only better burger is the Onion Burger in El Reno, Oklahoma.  Not too thick.  Your getting a nice thin never frozen patty.  The flavor has no place to hide.  Top it off with some arugala and bacon.GREAT BURGERS!  The first time we went my husband said "this better be a great burger for $9" and when he took his first bite he said "wow, it's worth it".Quite simply, perfection. The burgers are not necessarily special -- all standard, simple ingredients -- but they are, nevertheless, perfect.
Get the signature Company Burger. The sides are excellent too, and wife and I favor the onion rings and tater tots.
The milkshakes are also quite good. Get the Steen's Malted Vanilla.Put on your goggles, because I'm about to gush all over you. The Company Burger may well be my favorite restaurant in town. 
Birthday celebration? Company Burger. Friday office lunch? Company Burger. Parents in town? My mom would be furious if we didn't hit up Company Burger.
Let's get something out of the way first though: The Company Burger is not a fast food joint. Even though they serve American-cheese on thin patty burgers, it's a disservice to the restaurant to expect it to be cheap. It's not Five Guys or In N' Out. Company Burger has started to attract national attention, and it's deserved. They're committed to an uncompromising approach to creating the perfect bite.
Sure there are some kind of precious elements to the experience: you can't get tomatoes out of season, and there's a mayonnaise bar. So if you're the kind of person who throws out the words 'hipster' and 'pretentious,' like darts or gets irked by phrases like "house pickled jalapenos," you're going to want to take a pass on this one.  
But if you're still on board, let me tell you: a Company Burger topped with a fried egg delivers the kind of sweet, all-consuming bliss that's illegal in some countries. A perfect mix of fatty, juicy, and salty. The onion rings are divine. The specials, which feature local, in-season vegetables, are adventurous and almost always hit the mark. 
I feel weird bringing visitors to New Orleans, who are probably expecting jambalaya or gumbo or a po boy, to a burger joint. But sometimes you have to drop your hangups about what you "should" be eating in favor of what your tastebuds are telling you. 
All aboard the tasty train. Let's go to Company Burger.Best burgers in NOLA. Awesome onion rings. Waiting to try the pimento cheese with cracklins. Good beer selection on draft.Nothing is ever wrong with this place...EVER.  Sometimes the lines are long but it's worth the wait.  The meat always tastes fresh.  The pickles are the best.  They don't have lettuce for their burgers.  If you're looking for a better version of a Smashburger type place then this is where you should go definitely.Excellent. Try the house flavored Mayos which are great and less like a traditional mayo and more like a sauce for those of us who don't like mayo on a burger. A new favorite and arguably one of the best burgers in town!The onion rings were AMAZING. 
I wanted more on my burger. Lettuce, dill pickles, for example. But it was still delicious! 
We had the key lime pie milkshake and it was really good!"BYO L&T" says the shirt worn by some of the staff. 
I like this place and I like their burgers. However, I think San Francisco spoiled me. This place could and in my opinion should offer more, and lettuce and tomato is just for starters. 
If you're going to offer to top your burger with a fried egg, I don't think you can stop there. I think you should go "whole hog" -- offer a whole array of possibles like a slice of ham, grilled onions, sauteed mushrooms, slice of pineapple, slice of avocado -- the list can go on and on. And I definitely have to take off a star on one point alone: no self-respecting burger joint offers one type of cheese, and that type of cheese should absolutely not be American. They're generous with the amount of cheese they put on and I like that in principle but when it's American it just takes away from how good their beef and their buns are. 
If I sound like a burger snob, some schmuck from California dictating how things should be, that's I admit unfortunate. This place has its model and I respect that. But I do humbly feel that this place has the potential to be more and offer more and don't see why it should not.
The fries are really good and very unique, very crispy. 
P.s. Mayonnaise on a cheeseburger is revolting and is yet another affront to good taste  perpetuated by people intent on destroying a good thing in this country.I work out next door at Anytime Fitness, and have been looking forward to visiting Company Burger for months now. It always seems packed, and people keep telling me how amazing their burgers are. So it was a pleasant surprise yesterday when my boss decided to take the entire office out for lunch - finally, an excuse to try this place out!
First disappointment: no veggie burger option. Seriously? What is this, 1970? I could understand if this were a diner, but it's not. It's an overpriced burger joint. My coworker tried to explain to me that the restaurant is for "purists" who're seeking the perfect real burger, as some way of explaining why it was valid to not have a vegetarian option. However, I'm going to go ahead and call bullshit on that one. This place has a frickin' turkey burger on the menu, so purity of vision obviously went out the window long ago.
Second disappointment: At this point, I actually wasn't angry. Yet. Plenty of places in New Orleans don't have great vegetarian options. Maybe a salad? There was one salad on the menu. One. And it had FRUIT on it. Here I am in a damn burger joint, mouth already watering for something savory and slightly unhealthy, and I'm being faced with a sweet, fruity salad. Gross. And by now, sad. 
Third disappointment: OK, so no salad. Feeling a little bummed that my coworkers were all going to have amazing fatty meals, and there's nothing for me. Wait! What is this? A grilled cheese sandwich is on the menu! Normally grilled cheeses are something you make at home and enjoy with a bowl of tomato soup, but it sounded like it could work. I mean, we're in a gourmet burger place, so the grilled cheese has to be bangin', right? Wrong.
My grilled cheese came out looking like something my mom (who is not by any stretch of the imagination what one might call a "good cook") would have made when I was a kid - a thin, squished, greasy sandwich, filled with cheese that tasted exactly like a Kraft Singles slice. It was perverse. I ate half, ate some tater tots (OK, but nothing to write home about, a tad undercooked), ate one single delicious onion ring, and by the end of lunch had begun to seethe with anger.
I'm not a vegetarian. I eat meat when the mood strikes - every couple of weeks. One day I might go back to Company Burger to taste the meat burgers, but I highly doubt it.  They looked like a poor knock-off of Five Guys burgers, for more money (which, one coworker assured me, was an accurate assumption). For that kind of cash, I'd much rather hit up Warehouse Grille for their Morning After Burger and a side of french fries with truffle oil.I have been here twice now and I have to say that both times were a great experience. Lately there seems to be burger places popping up all over New Orleans and I thought the Company Burger was going to just be a place trying to take advantage of the hype. To my surprise, they ended having a great burger!!! 
Both time I ordered the "company Burger" burger and both times it was cooked perfect, dressed well, and the bun was great. The icing on the cake was the condiment bar, which had a handful of different mayos. Basil mayo, bacon mayo, chipotle mayo, and many more.... MMMmmmmmm!!!!
The last time I was there, the owner actually came outside to check on on our experience. He ended up chit chatting with us for a 5-10 minutes about his business and his process of putting together the "company burger" burger... He had a great personality and I personally like it when overs interact with the customers. I will be heading back here whenever that craving for a burger sets in!!!!Some say its the best burger in NOLA.  Those people probably eat at McDonalds and can't be trusted.  This is a fast food burger.  It is really good but it is fast food.  Don't be fooled.  Really good fast food.  I can't give it over 3 starts because of that. 
They have tater tots and you can get an egg on top of the burger so that is awesome.  Still fast food.  Pretty good beers too.  I like the place.  But if I want a real burger, I will go somewhere else.
(the inside has zero personality too.  even looks like a fast food joint).  It really sounds like i am ripping this place apart...I'm not.   I really like it.  But it is fast food.The burgers are great, but they offer very little in terms of vegetarian options.  My wife is a vegetarian, and even though we live down the street, we never eat there because of this.  It's a bummer!  Make a good veggie burger.  It can be done - just ask Cowbell or Tru Burger or a zillion other places.
UPDATE:  I've decided to bump this up to 4 stars from 3 because I've determined that their burgers are the best that I've ever tasted.  That is not an exaggeration!  I maintain that the Company Burger is the finest burger made.  Also, their basil mayonnaise is completely out of control.  The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the lack of vegetarian options.  Otherwise, this place is honestly one of my favorite restaurants in the world.  I'm just frustrated that I can't enjoy it with my wife or other vegetarian friends.I don't know what makes it so good (seems like your basic cheeseburger with red onion and pickles) but it is AMAZING! The onion rings are hand battered right in front of you and there is a mayonnaise bar for condiments (gluttons rejoice). Love this place! Always busy though, but you can see why.I stopped in on a recent Sunday for lunch and had the eponymous Company Burger.  The service was fine and the condiment bar was fun with its herbed and spiced mayos and nicely hot house-made pickled peppers.
The burger was great and so were the fries.
The atmosphere is nothing to write home about and the outdoor seating is pretty much in the parking lot on picnic tables.
I'll be going back to try their lamb burger soon!The newest of the hot new burgers places, The Company Burger does not disappoint. The Company Burger is like an upscale version of Tru Burger- in food, ambience, and price. It is casual yet stylish, in a farmhouse chic sort of way. We recently visited on a Saturday night. From what my friends tell me, the nighttime atmosphere is much more relaxed than the lunchtime rush.
The Company Burger has several offerings but I went for the basic burger, which is two patties with American cheese, house made bread and butter pickles, and red onion, no lettuce or tomato (they don't have it). This was a very good burger, juicy and flavorful. Don't miss the condiment bar. The bacon mayo is fantastic; it really made the burger.
Company Burger has great basic sides such as onion rings and tater tots. We shared two specials, the pork belly gravy fries with cheddar cheese curds and grilled squash (plus a few tater tots and I tasted the cornhog). The fries were essentially a version of poutine with pork belly gravy, topped with green onions. Delicious! The grilled squash was zucchini and other squash, grilled then marinated and served cold. The squash was slightly spicy- there was lots of red chili in the marinade, as well as fennel or tarragon- but tasty. If you are ordering lots of sides, you may want to order a single instead of the regular burger.
We also tried Company Burger's new cocktails. I had a rum and coke Old Fashioned, made with Mexican Coke syrup. This seems like a small drink but don't be fooled- it is very strong.
Overall, I like Company Burger. The only drawback is that it's a little pricey, especially once you start ordering sides. I will keep this in my burger rotation but as a splurge. If you like good burgers, The Company Burger is definitely worth a visit.Pricey, but for good reason. These are some of the best burgers and fries around New Orleans.Ok, I need to update this review. 
Things have changed since this place opened. For one, they no longer have the "Corn Hog", the "Bacon Mayo", or "Pretentious Buns". 
What they do still have
1. The best burger in the USA/World
2. Expertly crafted cocktails
3. Great selection of Brews
4. Fast service for amazing food
5. Concrete floors
I will update as I discover more treats.....A great assortment of burgers... Had the turkey burger here with green goddess dressing.  It was tasty and satisfying...Very good fast food. Recommend to anyone after a quick fix. Simple and easy to understand menu.Probably the best burger in New Orleans! I usually just get the classic single burger. You can tell they use quality meat and the buns are delicious! I'm also a fan of the bread and butter pickles (I typically only like dill) and the mayo bar. I love the fresh cut fries. A lot of restaurants fail at making good fresh cut fries but company burger succeeds! I've tried the onion rings and cole slaw but they aren't as good as the fries. They have a decent selection of beers and mixed drinks. If you want a good no frills burger - eat here! My husband loves this place and he isn't crazy about much.Are you a NOLA transplant from Utah/Idaho?  Do you miss fry sauce?  Company Burger has it.  They call it "special sauce" and it is good.
All right, I feel I've done my PSA for the day.
Oh yeah,  and they make an excellent burger (you can read the other reviews to see that).I read that the dude who is the chef/owner of this spot had a hand in "developing" (whatever that means) the much venerated Holeman and Finch burger in ATL.  Now, I've never eaten the Holeman and Finch burger cause they only make 12 of them a day or something and I'm not down with burger exclusivity.  It's a hamburger, yo.   Grind some more meat.  But the reputation is good, so I guess you expect someone who puts that on his CV to deliver a solid burger.  So I was excited when I saw that TCB had opened.  
I've now gone twice to TCB.  Both times I had the Company Burger.  The first time I also got fries and a lemonade.  The second time I got rings and saved myself some cash by skipping drinks (I know, as Kenny Shopsin likes to point out, that "when it comes to liquids, it's all about profit" but when did it become the norm to charge 3 dollars for a soda? Whatever.) 
My first trip was earlier in the week and I'd just gotten back from two weeks in Europe and was jonesin a proper American cheeseburger.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the burger.  Meat-wise I went into a Shake Shake reverie if you want to get all Proustian about it.  Griddled, well seasoned, nice grind, good patty, creamy American cheese just like the Constitution says burgers should be.  Bun was really good too.  Until Martin's Potato Rolls make it to New Orleans, I think it's fair to say its the best burger bun in town.  But I felt like it was missing something.  A little lube to help the whole thing slide down.  This isn't to say that the burger didn't have some nice juice on it's own but it just lacked that certain sauce that would take it into the Pantheon of Great Hamburgers.  Oh yeah the fries were really good.  
Since that first trip I've had visions of burgers dancing in my head so I decided to give it the old second look.  I got my order to go and asked the counter dude to put some mayo on the burger.  He said I could get some mayo from the "gourmet condiment bar" but that the kitchen doesn't mess with mayo.  To-go order or not.   Then I heard the chef telling someone to check out the baconnaise.  So I got a little dixie cup of that and slapped it on when I got home.  Since this is too long already, I'll say that the burger was just as good the second time but the baconnaise wasn't the solution.  Rings were good but I think I'll stick to the fries moving forward. 
I recognize that the omission of lettuce and tomato is a conscious decision and I think I understand why it's been made.  With that said, I don't think it would hurt.  In fact, I think it could potentially elevate this into 5 star territory.  In any case, I'll keep going back.  Check it out.The company burger was good. The prices were right and not outrageous. Walked into an open seating area. The cashier was patient while we decided our choices. I got a turkey burger with fried egg and toppings. The jam sauce on the side was okay... I also ordered sweet potato fries to share. 
Upon arrival of my food the egg wasn't fried hard so the manager took it back and had it remade quickly. The next day I ate the saved corner of my burger and it was even better!!!!
They even have a mayo bar for toppings. Bathrooms were clean and the tables were attended to as soon as people left.It's fast and so good. They make their own pickles, and have a bar for their in house mayo. Let me repeat that, a mayo bar. The burgers are well seasoned and cooked to perfection. Make sure you save room for a milkshake. The banana pudding milkshake is fantastic.The parties themselves are very flavorful but you can't really dress the patties the way you want to besides adding bacon or an egg. If you want fancy toppings I would go to charcoalMy family LOVES this place.   I like it fine.  But don't love it. Everything is pretty good.  But I don't get a wow factor.   Good burgers.  It comes with sweet butter pickles I believe.   Tasty.   I've heard most of their ingredients here are house made.  Not sure if that's true.  But supposedly the pickles and mayos are made in house.   They do have a wider selection of diff flavors of mayo: garlic, chipotle, Sriracha, basil.   
The fries are normal fries.   
The Employees are nice. I've been here several time and service was good. 
Stays pretty busy and has a dog friendly patio.  It definitely is one of the better burger joints in this town.There's a lot of hype around this relatively new burger joint and it has a good set up and the food is good. It's more about the whole package than just the burger which is good but not great. The bun really sets them apart and the quality all around appears to be high. It is fast food-style service and seats can be in high demand. It is a highly marketable business model for chain potential.Great burgers! I had the Company Burger with all the fixin's plus the addition of Nueske's Bacon. It was one of those burgers you just didn't want to end. The condiment's tasted very fresh and offered several options. I tried the classic mayo, a dash of crystal hot sauce, and the pickled peppers. None of the condiments overwhelmed the flavor of the burger in my opinion. My only "humble" complaint was that there were no Pale Ale or IPA option on the draft beer list. I had a Hennepin which was crisp and tasty, but lacked the hops to hold up to such a rich and delicious burger. The fries were well cooked and not overly salty and went really well with their special sauce, which tasted like a bbq sauce/mayo combo. I will definitely be returning to this Freret Street gem!Umm, yum.  Company Burger serves up totally unpretentious burgers with just the right amount of grease, melty cheese, and juice.  A company burger, layered with cheese, side of fries, and a bottled Barq's makes the perfect meal.  I decided to add the fried egg and bacon to my burger, which while it was good, probably would have been just as delicious with just cheese.  These are the kind of burgers that I crave when I want a comforting, classic cheeseburger, but their additions of a mayo bar and house made pickles make it more than just a plain cheeseburger. 
They make their own bread and butter pickles for the burgers, which are slightly sweet as well as pickled jalapenos which can be picked up at the mayo bar.  I'm a huge fan of the mayo bar and made sure to sample all the mayos and I think the basil and chipotle are my favorite.  The fries and onion rings are also pretty exceptional and make the mayo bar even more worth it.Really good burgers, made to order.  Really popular with the locals.  Burgers are hearty and cheesy, but not what I would call gourmet.  The add=ons tend to mask the taste of the burger itself.  The service is attentive and informative, but keep the line moving.  Good selection of beers.  The atmosphere is that of a sports bar, with a large-screen TV broadcasting whatever the big sport event is happening.Great experience. The owner was very friendly and talked to us for awhile. We had the burger with a fried egg and bacon and it was delicious!My first meal in New Orleans, and it was damn good. One of the best hamburgers I've had anywhere. Great beers, strong whiskey, and a ridiculously wide variety of mayo to slather on your burger. Like any burger place there's going to be a lot of kids running around (they even played kid-friendly fare on a big screen) but you'll be so deep in burger bliss you won't mind.I'm no burger expert.  But I like my burgers.  You don't get a beautiful body like The Beer Buddha has without pounding some burgers.  So basically I know my burgers because I have had a lot of them.  Went to Company Burger today.  My thoughts?  Completely unimpressive. Borders on offensive in my opinion. It was nearly $30 for me and the wife. And they don't have lettuce and tomato. WTF?   What burger place doesn't have lettuce and tomato.  Other reviews on here stated they charged for those items.  I'm almost glad they said they just didn't carry them.  I would have been offended had they charged me.  
The burger was tasty though.  I got the Company Burger with bacon(at a whopping $10.50.  BTW fries NOT included in that price).  My wife got the single.  It looked pathetic.  I've seen better looking burgers coming out of Burger King.  And for the price that burger was WAY too damn small.  Yeah, yeah I get it your burger is some special organic no corn fed beef or something.  No one cares.  I just want a damn great burger at a reasonable price for crying out loud.  Look, I saw that the Chef spent some time working at some fancy restaurant in Atlanta and got his recipe from there.  Perhaps he should have opened a burger joint more similar to The Vortex.  THEY know burgers.  
Fries?  Not only did they not come with the burger but they sucked. 
Normally I don't complain about a places soft drink situation but I think this experience warrants a mention.  My wife is a Coke lady.  It's all she will drink.  We got Coke.  In freaking glass bottles that cost us $3 a piece.  Invest in a soft drink machine people come on.  They did have nice beers on tap.  I think that may have been the only redeeming factor.
Atmosphere was horrible. I felt like I was eating inside a Restoration Hardware.  It was all chrome and wood.  
Service was fine.  We only ever encountered the dude at the front counter.
Overall I was really unimpressed.  My wife and I felt completely ripped off by the prices and we're not sure we will be back.  Perhaps since they are new they just need to work out the kinks.A very good burger. A bit messy, but very tasty. A trendy spot with some nice options for drinks, seating and burger options. I did not see a veggie burger on the menu but did remember seeing a turkey burger if you are not a fan of beef. They have a Mayo bar which is pretty cool to check out different options. 
The team was very attentive to cleaning the store clean; but the cashier was only so-so friendly-somewhat short in taking our order. 
I did find it a little expensive, but we were fulfilled after our burger and would recommended checking out for a tasty burger on Ferret St.Noon on a Sunday and packed out the front door, good sign. Everything was well worth it. The Company Burger is excellent in its simplicity. Fresh ingredients clearly make a difference, homemade pickles make the difference too. The Lamb burger is a little softer, but a great flavor that is sweet and delicious. The shakes can't be beat, bigger straws are def needed for these thick shakes. Only been once but will def head back soon.Excellent burger, onion rings are thick and hand battered like I love but needed salt. I'll be back. If you're a gourmet burger person you will really enjoy!So fantastic !!! Great service.  Very clean. Layed back friendly feeling.  Great burgers! !! And I mean totally amazing! !! Anyone visiting the big easy needs to come here :)Was visiting New Orleans for work, Must say this is the best burger I have ever had. I love the thiness of the burger and its cooked well. Put together well and the flavors that combine are great. Great Bun also. If I ever go to New Orleans again - I will come back. 
Love the Mayo stand - basil mayo - is the best Mayo ive ever tried. Fantastic place.Anthony Bourdain told me go here, and Anthony Bourdain is always right.  This burger eatery is located near Tulane University and other bars and restaurants on this street.  The place is casual - you order and pay at the cashier and get your order when it's ready.  I ordered the Company Burger, which is a double cheeseburger with a side of sweet potato waffle fries and a cocktail.  The place is pretty spacious and there was one large TV playing college football.  The burger was one of the best I've had!  It's a simple, no frills double cheeseburger, but it's simplicity was perfect.  The patties were juicy and smothered with melted American cheese and buns were toasted, which created a grilled cheese effect.  The sweet potato waffle fries were awesome, and weren't too salty.  I'm glad this place isn't in Seattle because I'd be even fatter - awesome place in Nola.This place is great! Tons of space to sit, but only one tv but it had the game on so I was happy. Besides the expensive prices, the burgers were delicious. I got the single with an egg on it. The egg was the best fried egg I've ever tasted. The onion rings were perfect as well. Not even greasy. However, the music was pretty odd and didn't really match up with the atmosphere. The pork rinds were also really really salty. I've never had pork rinds before, but I didn't enjoy them . But my friends did! Overall, good experience!When The Company Burger originally opened, this town was in desperate need of a top quality burger. Unquestionably, this was and is just that. However, I see this place as a victim of its own success in that now New Orleans and environs has a number of great burger options. In this context, The Company Burger does not stand out, and indeed is relatively expensive. Lunch with my partner and our 11-year-old the other day set us back $50 after tax and tip. We each got a burger, a side (fries, tots, and onion rings respectively), and only one of us got a fountain drink. To be clear, we are talking counter service and bus your own table.
My point here is Company Burger is good, but it's not $50 for lunch good. It's probably still the best burger in town, but you can get a burger almost as good for much less at multiple alternative establishments. It's hard not to conclude this place is a total rip off.Tied for the best burger I've had. I love the mayo bar and the onion rings are the best I've had. I've heard the tots and sweet potato fries were awesome too. Love the buns, the pickles and the meat! Good job!Making a good burger is easy, making a good turkey burger is an art. The Company Burger makes a killer one- not dry and dressed with arugula and green goddess dressing. Get some sweet potato fries and chipotle mayo from the mayo bar. Then eat half of your boyfriend's onion rings as well. Yum.I'm not going to belabor the burger reviews because all that needs to said has been said. They are very good as are the onion rings. But I came here today seeking the company of a hot dog and when I saw on the menu that the doggies were bred and raised by Cochon, I thought "what a lucky..."  Sorry. Well, what a disappointment. It wasn't even a hot dog, it was more the bastard son of knockwurst-- bratwurst tryst. It could have been the punch line to a Laffy Taffy joke---What do you get if a bratwurst knocks up a knockwurst? Answer- A Company Dog. Anyway, back to Earth.  It didn't taste bad but it was way too slender of a dog and was served bizarrely on a single slice of thick cut toasted white bread. It was not the wurst dog I ever ate, but the most disappointing. Go to Company Burger if you want a burger. Stay away from the pooch.
PS there's got to be a knock-knock joke in here somewhere.
8/23 update-- I went back and got the burger and some O rings. Pretty darn good gotta say.Rico most favrite hamburger here in the Nolas. Only buy company Burger and the onion ring with root beer.  Always.  Rico feel like lucky man no King RIco when man say RICO C for ready food.As my son I were standing in line, a party of 4 walked in the door and placed their order. The cashier took a quick look at my son and I and continued to take their order and never apologized. My son and exited the building.My boyfriend and I eat burgers all the time in the New Orleans area, but decided to try something new. IT WAS THE BEST BURGER I've had in a LONG time! It may be simple, but the flavors explode in your mouth. You will not regret a visit to company burger. We just tried it yesterday and we are going back today for dinner. Yes, two nights in a row. That is how good it is!My Precious was getting a procedure at Baptist Hospital and had to fast beforehand.  Yelp showed this place was two minutes away so we gave it a try.  Delicious burgers cooked the way we asked, my onion rings were crispy with light batter and she was impressed with her sweet potato fries.  I'm sure we'll be there again.  Oh yeah,  give the sweet tea punch a whirl; it's a sweet tea/lemonade/orange juice combo that really works.Great! Delicious! And a mayo bar?! Fantastic. Group of 6 of us wandered over to this spot for lunch (with some pretty intense hangovers after a night out on Frenchmen St) drooling over the thought of some yummy burgers, and this place didn't disappoint.  Burgers were absolutely amazing (even my turkey burger!) as well as the fries, especially the onion rings, and side salads. Service was great. This place totally hit the spot- highly recommended!A different kind of burger. The steamed burger offered here is a welcomed addition to the pantheon of Nola burger estblishments. The condiment rack is filled with options for everyone. The onion rings are crispy and not greasy in the slightest. 
The beer selection is solid and parking is always a breeze (this matters in nola).
This gem in feret is a great place to take a group and enjoy a great burger.Expensive? Yup. But the lamb burger is worth every last cent if you're wanting something special for that special someone, you.This is a great burger. Don't go in thinking tomatoes and lettuce. Go in thinking unbelievable bread, quality beef and cheese. I love the burger and fries. Go once and you will become a regular. Try the basil mayo!Great, juicy burger right up the street.  Can't beat that with a bat (or the sweet potato fries)Had the company burger with fries. I added the bacon. I like the fact that there are lots of choices in mayo and can add your own jalapeños pickled with onion. Yum!  The fries are home made and fried just like you would at home.  Delicious. The bread wasn't sweet like a lot of artesian burger places are buying. So to me that was a plus. Nice contemporary modern atmosphere was nice. Will be back!best burgers ever! buttery, toasted bun, juicy patty at the perfect size. side items are just as delicious as the burger! if it wasn't so pricey, I would make this place a regular.Overrated and overpriced very dissapointed 16 $ for a burger with fries  . 5 guys so much better and value for your money!! Is a good place to go if you like to be ripped off !Probly one of the best burgers I've ever had. Place is cool the burgers are awesome. The staff is really friendly. The fries are really good as well. Very clean on the inside.Really really good burger!
I live near mid city, and was excitedly waiting for a few guys to open a burger place on Carollton (I think there were five of them).... however when they finally did open and I tried it, I was disappointed.  So, I began to look around town for a truly great burger place. Company Burger is one.   On my first trip I wanted to try a typical burger joint meal so I had a company burger (double meat with cheese) on an egg bun and an order of fries.  Add the fried egg added to the burger!!!!!!  The burger was wonderful and cooked just right.   The fries were OK, but next time I will order the onion rings.
I went for lunch on a work day so I did not partake of the cocktails or beer.  I can't say yet if this is the best burger in New Orleans because I want to try one other place that people say is 'smash'ing ... Do try Company Burger.... add the fried egg and thank me later!This place was involved in the fattest thing I've done in a while: an impromptu food crawl on Freret Street with my husband. Because this was stop #1 we still had self control, so we shared the Company Burger with bacon and a side of fries. This was probably the most memorable burger I've had in a while. You gotta love a burger that doesn't need too much to make it juicy and delicious! Bun was perfect as well. The fries were also exactly how I like them - hand cut and crispy. I love the variety of sauces because I'm a condiment slut. The chile garlic mayo was my fave (definitely dipped my fries in it)! If you're a pickle fan, please try their house made pickles and jalapeños! Can't wait to come back, and I would certainly bring out-of-towners here.In NOLA last week and spent several hours at WWII museum and we were starving!!!!   Got the double and the waffle sweet potato fries.  Also got a hurricane from the bar.  Hubby got double and onion rings and a Corona.  The burger was awesome!   I am NOT a fan of sweet potato fries, but they looked so good I HAD to try them!  We also sampled ALL of the mayos on the bar and those house pickled jalapenos.........DAMN GOOD all the way around!!!!!!I went to check out the hype, and that's just what it is- hype.  I ordered the company burger with bacon and an order of fries.  This burger was really nothing special- greasy, somewhat flavorless, and small. Not bad, but it didn't wow me.  At all.  The fries were greasy.  Expensive for what is served.
2 pluses in their favor- friendliness and the condiment bar.  Lots of different flavored mayonaisse and other assorted goodness.
Although in an out-of-place strip mall, the atmosphere was somewhat trendy and 99% of the clientele was very young- think college freshmen.  Struck me as a "see and be seen" place for twinks. Nothing wrong with that- it's just that I thought the food was average at best, especially considering the competition in this town.  It just wasn't a contender in the local burger world.  Someone said they were "underwhelmed," which nails it.  It will be interesting to see how this place evolves.
I don't feel the need to go back.  If I'm with someone who really wants to go, I'll go, but I don't see myself purposefully seeking this place out for a second time.Decent burger place. A bit overpriced though. Very similar to "upscale" fast-food burger joints. Similar to smashburger or five guys.Tried this place out a couple weeks ago. The burger was RAW and totally inedible. I emailed the GM and she agreed the burger was undercooked and offered me a replacement burger...
Well, I picked up the replacement burger yesterday and that was raw as well...
It's such a letdown and gross to bite into a burger then realize it is raw...I read an article online listing the Company Burger as a top 25 burger joint nationwide and as the top burger in New Orleans. We had a trip planned to see a Saints game in New Orleans so we made it a point to try this spot out. 
I can happily say that I was not disappointed. The burger was tasty and cooked perfect. The mayo bar was as unique and awesome as the reviews I read said it would be. What really made  my wife and I smile were the sides. Their onion rings were amazing!!!! This is the first time that I have had Onion Rings made with red onions which I think gave them amazing flavor. We also tried their spicy crispy pork rinds which were delicious. 
We stopped here on Friday night, which was the first night we were in New Orleans. Then on our way back from the game we stopped in again. Besides Cafe Du Monde, this is the only place we ate at twice while we were in New Orleans. 
Thank you for living up to the hype Company Burger!!!Not the best I've had but it wasn't bad. I sat at the bar and the bartender was great about recommending some beers. The sweet potato waffle fries were on point though.These burgers are glorious and just the right size. If you love tots, order the tots! They are perfect for sharing as well. 
The speciality milkshake is always worth ordering. The seasonal was Eggnog, naturally I ordered. It was very rich & creamy. I love the garlic aioli to dip my tots in and also love the full stocked bar with several options of beer! 
If you are ever in the warehouse district, stop in here, especially for happy hour!Stopped by The Company Burger yesterday for dinner. I'll keep it simple, the burger was delicious. Simple menu. I had the Company burger (two patties, pickles, and American cheese, added bacon) and onion rings. Both were fresh and I can't do the bun justice in a review. Housemade brioche. Perfect texture. Only a few choices for toppings, though (unlike those "guys" that make burgers and wrap them in foil for you.) Condiments are House made, too. BBQ Sauce on the condiment bar would've garnered that 5th star. Happy hour m-f, 3-6, where most drinks are 1/2 price. That'll get you a good local IPA for $3.50 or a Bud for $1.75. Service was great, food was delicious. I'll be back on a future visit to New Orleans.If you're ever in the mood for a really good burger. This is the place, the service is good and well worth the price.My fiancé and I had the single and the turkey respectively. The turkey burger was one of the best I've had. It wasn't dry or flavorless which often happens with many turkey burgers. It was paired with a basil mayo and fresh arugula on a fresh toasted bun. He added a fried egg to his single burger which was a perfect medium throughout.  Add a couple of beers and it was a satisfying lunch in the financial district. 
**props to Company Burger! They have SoPro on tap and in the can.So happy they opened a location in the CBD.  Service and quality is comparable to their original location.  The burgers are delicious and the sides are on point.  Best burger in the city!!In all fairness we had  chicken sliders and not a burger. Big mistake. Over cooked and greasy. Sweet potato fries were of the frozen variety.  Not that flavorful and overly fried to a crisp. BUT, it was Happy Hour and the beer selection is extensive. My IPA hit the spot.The burgers are pretty good, but there's far better elsewhere. The prices are ludicrous. I had a burger, fries and drink - $18. They don't have pickles and other annoying weirdnesses. Not worth it at all. Avoid this place.I must be an oddball because I honestly didn't find their burgers to be that impressive. The patties were bland. Not a huge fan of the b&b pickles. Fries and SP fries were the best part. All the tap beers we tried were heavy and bitter. It just wasn't for me.The onion rings at this place are just about the best I've ever eaten.  The turkey burger I had was good, but not the best ever. This place gets kudos for using little ice pellets for their fountain drinks. It seems hardly anyplace uses it anymore. The service was good as they not only brought us our food, but cleaned our mess when we were finished.Stopped in for some food before the Steelers game. It just turned Happy Hour, excellent tap beer selection and 1/2 price!  Had the happy hour chicken sliders and an order of fries!  They were amazing!  Definitely will be back. Place was packed before the game, but great service.I was so happy when this location of Company Burger opened. So much easier to get to from my LGD digs than the original Freret location. Definitely your best bet for a burger in the CBD.
I usually sit at the bar and order from there because why wouldn't you? I don't think you can go wrong ordering their single - it's just a classic simple burger. My friend swears by the turkey burger and I admit that if I was swearing off the beef, then it would be a great option. I'm also a fan of their grilled cheese (get it with bacon!). All of the sides are great - the fries are always crispy, there are tots and my personal favorite - PORK RINDS (get with pimiento cheese aka pimp rinds). The side portions are pretty hefty so you may want to share them. Beer taps are carefully curated with some regional favorites and the cocktail list is also stellar.Get the company burger! I added sweet potato waffle fries and a cookies and cream malt! It was very good! Not the BEST burger I ever had that's why I gave 4 stars. You order at the counter and they give you a number. You put that on your table and they bring your food. The guy at the register was very nice and polite. Clean bathrooms and the bar looks cool with two big T.Vs.Great burgers for a quick meal. They aren't gourmet but it's nice that they toast the buns, have red onion and b &b pickles and there are also a couple different gourmet  mayos you can pick from . The honey mustard is really good and the onion rings are so crunchy and made with red onions . I'd definitely go back . A plus they have a full bar !Hubby and I stopped in for a quick bite before a Saints game on a random Thursday (preseason). Anyway, the cashier was super helpful and knew the menu well so was able to answer questions and work around my husband's dairy allergy. I ordered the fried chicken- which had the absolute best fried crust I have ever had.  The chicken itself was dry in places, which is why you don't see 5 stars.  My hubby ordered the lamb burger (no feta) and said it was the best burger he ever had. His only request was that he wanted goat cheese as an option.  Throw in homemade onion rings that were totally amazing and it was a winner. Topped it off with some local Louisiana beers   :)A very nice Burger!   I had the company burger and onion rings - the rings were the BOMB!!!   I love the Mayo Bar that they have - that really was a nice touch that I wasn't expecting.    Burger was cooked well- the bun was very good and held together which is always a plus!    I can't wait to go back and do this again!supposed to be the second best burger in New Orleans lol I sure hope not it gross. the patties are frozen when they throw them on the flat top and then they put some kind of onion soup like shit on top of it.. reminds me of a shitty version of hello bistro.. I took 3 bites only cause I was starving...RUDE!!  RUDE!!!  RUDE!!!  What a horrible experience!!  Our company placed a large order online and when one of our employees went to pick it up was cursed out by the owner for questioning the order.  She just wanted to make sure it was correct.  There is never an excuse for using fowl language at a customer especially one that just placed a large order.  This is the worst customer service I have experienced in my 30 years in the hospitality industry!!
In addition, the food was fair at best.  This used to be one of our favorite places....NOT anymore!!!The service was ok but my burger (added a egg) and jalapeño coleslaw made up for it! It was super tasty! And I shall return!People saying this is "the best burger they've ever had" probably have never been to Los Angeles or New York, which is understandable. In-n-Out burger in California is exceptionally better, and about a 1/3 of the price of the overly expensive $9.00 Company Burger. A double-double at In-n-out is somewhere around $4.00 and a burger at New York's Shake Shack is somewhere around $6.00. The Company Burger is an overhyped burger restaurant aimed at hipsters with money to spend. There is even a small bar in the restaurant, which was incredibly arbitrary to me. Personally, I wouldn't want to sit in a Wendy's and drink craft beer with friends while the couple next to me is eating a burger and fries. Maybe I don't get out as much as I should, or expand my horizons beyond bars I'm already familiar with and comfortable with, but fast food and a bar doesn't really interest me at all whatsoever. 
More importantly, the food itself was mediocre. The double-pattied "company burger" was wet and soggy with a weird sweet taste. So many reviews have raved about the miraculous "mayo
bar" but the company burger itself already has so many disconnected flavors that the thought of slapping on any kind of mayonnaise to the already overwhelming burgers just sounds like overkill to me. The french fries were decent but nothing special. Kind of bland actually. In the end, I payed $14 for a burger and fries and felt completely underwhelmed even upon the first couple of bites. Next time I'll take that money and dine-in at an Italian or Thai restaurant, spend just as much, but will have an overall greater food experience. When it comes to burgers in New Orleans, I recommend Five Guys or Atomic Burger. Who even eats burgers anymore though?This was listed as the best hamburger place in Louisiana so I had to check it out. I am pleased to say it lived up to that standard. I ordered the lamb burger and I was not disappointed. It was nicely cooked to a perfect medium and had great flavor. I also ordered the onion rings. Fresh not frozen, lightly battered with a touch of salt. Very enjoyable.Just a note: they are not open on Memorial Day. But I went here yesterday and we ordered 2 fried chicken sandwiches and onion rings and a vanilla milkshake. It was literally AWFUL. The only reason it got two stars is because it was open late-ish and the milkshake was good. Not saying this is a good milkshake place. But the shake was fine. The chicken sandwiches were gross and the breading of the chicken was falling off (not in a good way). The onion rings were edible. We tried one of them and they were disgusting. The sauce bar was really cool and it made me seem like I was going to like them place. But for spending $32 I was sooooooooooo beyond disappointed. Yea 2 chicken sandwiches, 1 onion ring, and 1 milkshake = $32. Don't recommend.Been here multiple times now. The burger is always a solid choice. One of my favorite in the city. Today however I had their weekly special. A chicken bacon ranch sandwich and boy it was so worth it. The chicken was perfectly crispy on their great bun. They even had a tomato sauce that gave it another layer as well. So great. Also their onion rings are some of my favorite. When dining in, their mayo bar is great. Great place to have a casual lunch or dinner.Good burger, great sweet potato waffle fries and fabulous Butterfinger shake. A little shocked by the price($19+) but enjoyed it until the end. Order taker was not friendly at all. He didn't smile or act like he was happy to be there. He dropped my change in my hand like I had the plague.If you like highly salted good, this place is for you. It was terrible. And their milkshakes are over syrupy. Never thought I would say this. Party of 7 and all not happyVisiting from Los Angeles,stop by this place because of reviews. Had a Turkey burger, chocolate shake and french fries. I wish I could say it was the best, but it was not. Burger was very salty, way too salty. I left half of it, not uncommon after reading a review.  Too bad!! My friends burgers were also salty. Fries were fine, shake was good. Would not recommend.GREAT BURGERS!  Parking is a pain because it's downtown, and I wish the place was bigger. But food is great and beer selection is wonderful!I have to confess I am a huge burger fan and did my research as this was rated the best burger in New Orleans.  So that being said I had high expectations and they were all met.
Clean hip environment, simple menu and a bit pricey, but so worth it.  I'm also from Utah where if you are in the know is home to fry sauce.  The mayo bar was a hit as multiple sauce options were available.  Burger and tots were amazing, perfectly cooked and the sauces made my day.  My partner could not stop raving about how amazing everything was and said the onion rings were the best ever tasted.  Only wish I had known about this place a few days earlier.  I've dreamed about this place since returning home.  I'm sad to say that we have talked about this place on multiple occasions.  Next visit to New Orleans will be a cab straight to Company Burger from the airport.Pretty good overall, a little expensive for what it is and they could definitely use more options for toppings. Solid burger & tots but nothing spectacular. That said, this was the first time that I can recall ever liking pickles on a burger, so points for that and the mayo bar!I don't think New Orleans is known for their burgers, but this place will take care of your burger cravings. After eating Cajun / seafood all weekend, we needed a greasy burger. 
This place looks pretty new, clean, modern. My fiancé decided to share a double with cheese, bacon, and a fried egg. French fries, and onion rings. I think this will run you about $18-20?
Everything was tasty and cooked fairly well except the egg. Yolk heads will spot a well cooked egg when they see one, but this one wasn't as runny as I would hope. Still good though. Onion ring batter is super light as well.Decided to drop in on this spot right after spending 4 hours waiting in lines for autographs at wrestlemania axxess in New Orleans. (Nerd, I know) It was a clean looking spot that was packed, so it wasn't much room to maneuver. You get to the register to order, and after that they give you a number on a stick and they'll deliver it to wherever you decide to sit. I ordered a double cheeseburger and onion rings to go. As far as the food goes, the burger was juicy and cooked to perfection. Nothing extremely special, but hit the spot. However, it was very heavy on the salt. The onion rings were the star of my meal. They were seemingly fresh cut and battered right. I put them on my burger for added flavor, and it did the trick. I also sampled their Butterfinger milkshake. It was so thick that I needed a spoon, but it was so delicious. All in all it didn't blow me away, but it was a good experience. I would really rate it a 3.5, but I'll give it a 4 because it was much more positive than negative.Spent spring break with the wife and kids in downtown NOLA. Tracked these guys down because they have shared lineage with the famed "Holeman & Finch" burger of Atlanta (where I'm from). Ordered "The Company Burger" and onion rings for myself along with a side salad. Ordered the single patty version and fries for the kids.
AMAZING. While it is a very close relative to the H&F Burger, some small touches take it a notch above for me. #1 is that amazing "mayo bar". Call it mayo. Call it aioli. But make sure you call it delicious, because it is. The Basil mayo by itself was a bright, herb-y add-on that took the burger to another level. Mixing it with a bit of the Creole Honey Mustard took it to another universe altogether. I mean...WOW. 
They were also ace dipping sauces (along with the garlic mayo) for the onion rings (well-seasoned, thin battered, hot and crispy) and the fries (excellent as well). Finally, I appreciated the simple brilliance of the arugula/carrot/radish/vinaigrette salad. 
Great, great food served quickly. Loved the "upscale sports bar" environment with golden-era 90s hip-hop galore playing on that particular night. An absolute gem that I WISH and hope and pray comes "back" to Atlanta....preferably outside the perimeter in the suburbs.Been twice now since I've been in town. Both times were great, I would be a regular if I lived in this city.Visited New Orleans with my girlfriend and even with all the great seafood places in NOLA this was by far the best meal and service that we had.Great drink prices during happy hour. Awesome burgers and great fries and onion rings. We are from Wisconsin and visiting for work and we're very pleased with this restaurant!They have tater tots!!!!! The Creole honey mustard was delicious, but I really enjoyed the house pickled jalapeños and B&B pickles on their signature burger!!!!!! I love a good burger & I'm so happy that I came across this spot at the last minute! I'll be back again!!!!!The Mayonoise bar alone is reason to keep coming back! Awesome burger, great service.It's just ok. I have had better at a $3-4 fast food burger joint that literally serves millions daily. It's overpriced and under delivers. Don't get me wrong - it tasted decent. But not $9-10 for a super basic burger. They have a decent selection of options including many mayo choices. But who cares when you feel you overpaid?Unbelievable!  This was my second time today.  First time at this location!  WOW!  It was delicious!  My cheeseburger was perfectly cooked and hot.  The fries were exceptional.  Garlic mayo=love.  Clean, great service and get in and they get you out!  Can't wait to go back!Just what you expect from a burger joint. The malt of as fantastic and glad we walked over. Not going to lose any weight eating here!Ordered a grilled cheese and tater tots and was blown away by the perfect GBD execution on all food! I mean, the entire bar of different mayo combinations - garlic, basil, spicy mustard - alone sold me on this place. Definitely worth a try!Service and speed, excellent.
Food quality, pretty good.
Prices? Absolutely not.
The food was really good, just not $16 good.Reviews were good, so I checked it out. Ordered the Company burger, which is a cheeseburger with onions and pickles. Wasn't overwhelmed and the bun was pretty soggy. The sweet potato waffle fries, however, were delicious -- perfectly cooked! The Mayo Bar is pretty cool with options of chipotle, basil, garlic, etc. Vanilla milkshake was on point! Hip vibe with a big bar with numerous beers on tap as you walk in.The Company Burger was great awesomeness. The service was quick and burger was nice and juicy. French FRIES were fresh NOT FROZEN! Thank You GOD! Pay the extra and get the BACON. The condiment bar was a good ideal. I wish the size of the soda cup was bigger. The burger price was a little high. They d9 have a happy hour for drinks.Was told about this burger joint while in New Orleans. Nothing to be excited about. Disappointed in the price versus the size of the burger.Great beer selection. Great fries. Burgers were good...maybe because I'm from CA, I was expecting lettuce, tomato etc. Comes w cheese and pickles. They did ask how we wanted them cooked , which is great. 
Right by the Hyatt, so it's a great place to get out of the hotel, avoid the crowds and hotel restaurants, and see at least a little bit of the area when you're at a convention or something. We would definitely go back.Love this place. Best burgers in NOLA. Lamb burger was a juicy 1-4 lbs patty with feta cheese crumbles and a mint glaze! Delicious Onion rings topped off the meal. Lightly mattered and.cooked a golden brown.Go for happy hour. That fried chicken slider is N E X T LEVEL. No joke. And the bar tenders are wonderful. Front of house is beautiful, helpful, and make you feel welcome.I had a really good experience here. We walked in before a Pels game at 5:00pm. We ordered, ate and left by 5:30. I got the company burger with bacon and an over easy egg. Everything about it was good. The tots were some of the best I've had. Also, they have crushed ice. The chipotle mayo is solid too. It was expensive for a burger place but it was fast and high quality, not to mention being walking distance to the Dome and Arena. I'll definitely go again.Had lunch here today. The burger was really good.  I got the double with bacon and fried egg. I enjoyed the fries (which they give you a ton of- one order could feed a family of 4) and the vanilla malt milkshake. The reason I'm only giving 3 stars is the price. It was expensive but it was tasty. I'd recommend trying it but it's not somewhere I'd go every week just due to the cost.I am not a huge burger person but if I don't make it myself, I will go to Company Burger. I have been here twice and I will return again. The service is awesome and the burgers are delicious. I especially like the mayo bar . It is so SPECIAL. Take a break and have a burger here. It is worth it.I've been to the original on Freret St. and can say with certainty that this one is just as good! 
Space is a bit bigger than the original but the service and food are just as great.
This time around I had the turkey burger since it appears there's a correlation between writing reviews and my waist expanding. 
The patty was cooked and seasoned to perfection tomato jam is delicious and goes well with the light bitterness of the arugula. 
Also tried the jalapeño slaw it's really good; it can  be a burger topping all on its own. At least that's what the fat kid in me says.
Ps. From my inner fat kid:
Regular burgers are also on point and get them with everything especially the bacon. Onion rings are huge and crispy like God intended. See my photo album for that meal.Excellent burger and a solid beer selection in a laid back, clean place. My son and I came to NOLA for his 11th birthday to visit the WWII Museum (a must visit, btw). He's a burger fan and we scouted this place out on Yelp. It was our first restaurant of the trip. We were excited about it and it completely met our expectations. In fact, on my son's request it was also the last place we ate on our trip. Again, excellent. No frills, quality burgers for reasonable prices. Also, the fries and onion rings scored a solid 8 out of 10.Good food just a little pricey. Burgers are yummy and the toppings bar is fun.The bar is very well stocked and the burgers are good. It is very busy but they seem to run out of space before the service suffers. Bartender was awesome and I like the fact you can order at the bar and skip the line.Pretty good burger! Wish they had lettuce and tomatoes would have been perfect! Tater tots were so good,.
The service was good. 
I'll definitely return.Stopped in for lunch on a busy Friday and was pleasantly surprised. Despite a long line, the order process moved quickly. The chicken sandwich is not for amateurs- hanging off the bun, a perfectly seasoned chicken breast was topped with slaw, pickles and mayo. My only complaint was not asking for more pickles as that is the best topping to a sandwich. Onion rings were light and crispy. I liked the fact that they were real onions and not the heavily breaded, chopped up ones you typically see on menus. The company burger was full of flavor and required a couple napkins. The massive serving of hot and salty tots and is easily shareable by a couple of people.  There was a nice mayo station with various sauces and jalapeños. Service was friendly and efficient and I appreciated the teamwork by the staff.It was a cool afternoon in New Orleans. The wind whispered over the levees with promises of things to come. I found myself walking in to a quaint little establishment known as "The Company Burger". As I ate, I thought of my decisions that had led me here. The smell of the fryer and the sizzle of the grill provided the soundtrack for my introspection. The white lights over head illuminated my thoughts. The onion rings were not quite as crispy as I like them, but the burger was really good shit.Burgers and fries were good. A little pricey.. 37$ for 2 burgers, 2 fries, a beer, and soda..New Orleans isn't exactly known as a Burger Town.  I suppose it makes sense.  It's a town with cheap, plentiful and damn tasty po' boys just about around every corner.  Burgers are kind of an after thought there.  In fact, ask for a burger at a lot of places and you're just as likely to get it on a French roll as you are to get it on a bun.  That's what makes The Company Burger such a revelation for burger lovers.  Hamburgers are what they do.
The Company Burger occupies the same massive, city block sized brick building that houses John Besh's newest restaurant Willa Jean.  It's a long narrow place with a small bar on your right and the kitchen in the back.  Naturally, I turned to my right.  There's service at the bar.  If libations aren't on your agenda then head back towards the kitchen and order there.  The menu is blissfully small, but has some surprising additions to regular hamburgers; a lamb burger and a turkey burger.  I was damn close to ordering the lamb burger.  It was my first time at TCB, though and I thought that I should try their namesake burger.
The Company Burger is made up of two beef patties, American cheese, bread and butter pickles and thinly sliced onions.  Bacon can be added for an additional charge, as can a fried egg.  They also have a Mayo Bar where you can get additions of plain, basil, chipotle, garlic, creole honey mustard or fancy(?!) mayonnaise to slather on you hamburger bun.  They also have house-pickled jalapenos, if you're into that sort of thing.  I wasn't. I declined to adulterate my first burger here.  But I loved the Mayo Bar.  Mainly I love the fact that the word mayo isn't a pejorative term in New Orleans.  Let's be honest. Back home in Seattle call something mayonnaise and people wrinkle their noses and feign disgust. Take the same stuff and call it aioli and the swoon over it!  New Orleanians, when it comes to food, have a better grasp on what's good and what's not and don't get tangle up in a lot of trends names.  My fellow Northwesterners should take a page out of their book.
But I digress.  The burger was terrific.I want Company Burger to be in every single neighborhood in the city. The Company Burger is the best burger in the city, in my opinion, and is consistently a great eating experience! 
I was initially concerned that this new location would always be way too crowded during the lunch hour and never realistic to actually eat at. But luckily I was way wrong! The service is fast and the staff is friendly. The bartending staff is fun and the happy hour specials (fried pickles and old-fashions) are unique. 
Open everyday, this location is a welcome addition and definitely worth visiting in a up-and-coming part of town!Their burgers are pretty juicy and delicious. It's not too big and not too small. I love their onion rings and fries that I have to have both everytime. I also like that they have so many types of sauces to choose from!just as good as the first location.   Lamb burger is my favorite.  treat yourself. you earned it.My and wife and I have a difference of opinion when rating a burger joint. She starts from the bottom up and I start top down. Basically The Company did everything right to me. The food was good. Ambiance was great! The place was clean and modern like. Customer service was knowledgable and seemed excited to be there. Even though the experience there wasn't mind blowing, when is it really when having a burger? They did everything they should've. So they'll get 5 stars all day long from me!Burgers and fries are fantastic. Not fancy, just great food.There's a reason this was voted one of the best burgers in the South, if not America. I was fortunate enough to be the first customer of the day when I ate there. While they have specials, the standard burger is near perfection. They don't "dress it up" with a ton of stuff to hide a lack of meat. The burger patties cover the entire bun.
I got a bacon double cheeseburger. Hands down the best burger I've ever had. The fresh cut fries were great, but a little thick for my liking. 
If I had a negative, it'd be the drinks and prices. Can be a little pricy. But the soft drinks come in small plastic cups. There are unlimited refills, but it'd be nice to not have to get up as often.Initially I was a little disappointed when I looked at their menu and didn't see any meat-free patties. The cashier suggested that I give their market salad try since I wasn't interested in any of their other options. I did and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Not sure if the other locations prepare theirs the same but this one was an arugula based salad with beets, walnuts, apple slices and carrot sticks. I think the dressing was a honey Dijon vinaigrette. I added some of their house made bread and butter pickles to it also.We love this place. Can't go wrong with the burger or chicken sandwich. Love the cookies and cream milkshake. The pork rinds are awesome with both the ranch and spicy seasoning! We order Togo weekly for a quick meal on busy nights.This spot was great downtown burger spot! I got the Company Burger with bacon and it was exactly what I needed to cure my hangover! 
The mayo bar was really cool (try the basil mayo).
I also had the pork rinds with spicy seasoning and let me tell you if I could buy some of that seasoning I definitely would! The skins were cooked fresh in fact they were literally crackling as the server brought them out to me. Go between 3-6 to get the skins half off.Overpriced ($11.00 pus they ask you for a tip,lol), ok burger (anyone who says otherwise needs a tastebud transplant) and sometimes not fully cooked.  But, the worst part is that they have a single line for two registers.  That's right.  You walk in and you have to get into one line even though there are two registers.  I happened to go to the second register and wait for my turn.  When it came, the drone behind it refused to take my order because there was a guy before me waiting at the first register. Nice.  I left and never coming back,  Neither should you.  Even Five guys are better burgers and cheaper. Customer service is better, too!Nice place with good food.  The kids raved about the tator tots for days - even the teenager.  It was nice to find a spot near our hotel and away from the insanity for a few minutes.  If we lived in New Orleans we would definitely be back.Joe the manager is an idiot. They make "fresh" burgers but serve soda fountain iced tea. Loved the one on Ferret but will never return here. 
When i spoke to Joe and expained my problem, including a comment about never returning here he said "ok" and that was it. As a food service employee, I refrain from posting online reviews but this was a terrible customer service response.Great burgers if you dine in but terrible bar service. One bartender on a Monday night football. Had a seat at the bar and bartender continued to ignore me. Get a new bartender.My family and I were visiting NOLA and they were (sadly) tired of having Cajun/Creole food for every meal. I found this delicious burger place via Yelp and we made our way over.
You order at the register, take your number, and go sit down. You won't find burgers with lettuce and tomato here! In fact, the back of the employee shirt says "BYOLT" - bring your own lettuce + tomato. 
I ordered the Company Burger sans pickles and cheese, so it came with just two patties and grilled red onions. They have a variety of mayo options for you, including basil, "fancy" (ketchup + mayo), honey mustard, garlic, and more. The patties themselves were delicious, very juicy and flavorful. I also got sweet potato fries, which were crispy and tasted very fresh. Everyone in my family enjoyed their food, this is definitely a place you should visit!Fantastic place for a burger.   I'm not s burger person but this was the best I have had.   Ordered a single with cheese and onion rings.   Heaven!   They have a mayo bar with all hand made mayos about 6 versions from chipotle to basil.   Highly recommend !the burger is soooo good!! fries and sauces too. also i liked how they brought it out to you and they were very nice. and as well i really loved the fact that its very close to the hostel i was staying at in the french quarter.I ordered "the single" with fries, absolutely delicious! Loved the side bar where you could get extra toppings and such. The service was great and the place has a laid back atmosphere. The milkshakes are yum too!What burger place DOESN'T SERVE TOMATOES with their burgers???!!! No tomatoes & no lettuce available for their burgers. Very disappointed. I don't go out to eat much so I was expecting a nice juicy "dressed" burger. They even have a picture of a creole tomato on the wall in the men's bathroom!One of the best burgers in New Orleans. I usually get the single patty so that it isn't so greasy!Great burgers, albeit a bit pricy. You'll spend $12 to $18 for a burger, fries and a drink. They serve beer and have a bar too.Just got in from Lubbock. Been up since way before zero dark thirty. Bad flights fool of stupid. So we are looking for some chow that will take away the bad without killing the wallet.
Company Burger is laid back with a great vibe. The burgers are fresh and the mayo bar rocks. The cook is not quite well done and the juices flow. Get some paper towels. Oh, and grab some o rings, they're homestyle breaded and pretty tasty.This is hands down one of the best places to get a burger in New Orleans. From the perfectly seasoned and cooked meats (beef, lamb, or turkey) to some of the best onion rings I've ever tasted to the flavored mayonnaise and everywhere in between, Company Burger is spectacular. 100/5 starsThe tots! The burger! the fries! the MaYo~~ bar!! omg, this place is just graaaate.I have had many burgers throughout my life, this was definitely in the top five.  I am purist when it comes to burgers and this place delivered.Visiting NOLA for the first time, my boyfriend came to this place before and bragged about it I wasn't impressed. His food was good and he made a happy plate. Unfortunately my "chicken sandwich" was over cooked and greasy. I could barely bite into it, he was shocked and I was annoyed. I didn't want to complain so I left and went next door and ordered food. I was very disappointed but he loved the burger. I advise you it's called "Company BURGER" so try a burger not the chicken it will be a big disappointment. The 3 stars is for him I took away two because of my experience. The place is clean nice people I made a poor choice of food.While I think the burgers really are scrumptious (especially the lamb), I think they're small and overpriced. They don't allow for modifications of their specials. The cashiers could be a little nicer and patient when answering questions and taking orders. Overall, I really do think this is an A-OK place for a burger if you're craving one and you can't beat the location.This is the BEST burger place! Why? The burgers are flavorful & slightly greasy. All homemade mayo, and fresh! The fries or onion rings- you can't go wrong. If you are a milk shake lover; you'll crave this place.  For those that want a happy hour, well they have a bar. And great bartenders. My fave is the Mexican Firing Squad. I love this place.Great burgers. Didn't get to experience the full place due to the crowds from the Saints game. But i would admit their burgers were really good.This has to be one of the best burgers I have had. I got the regular burger but added the fried egg and bacon. It was heaven, the egg was dippy and perfect over the burger. They have their own homemade ginger beer which was yummy. My husband got a double cheese and sweet potato
Fries. Would go back for sure !It had been a long day and I was starving with a capital "S" when we decided to check out the new Company Burger.
Now, I'm a long time fan of the original Company Burger, so to say that I had high expectations of this place is probably an understatement. This location definitely has a lot to offer- the restaurant is big and is clearly meant for game crowds, they have an extensive menu and the staff is fast.
I decided to get my usual single cheeseburger and I also got a side of fries and a side of pork rinds. Yes, they have pork rinds on the menu! The food came really quickly, and I don't know if it's because I was so hungry, but it was one of the best burgers I have probably ever tasted. Of course, the fries were cooked and seasoned perfectly and there was a very generous portion of pork rinds with my order. Pork rinds might seem like something random to eat with a cheeseburger, but they were actually perfect. The Freret St. location needs to add them to the menu and then we'll be golden. Just like the other location, this Company has a nice selection of beers on tap and they also have milk shakes. Unlike the other location, this Company has a wide variety of sides.
The only reason I am rating it four stars is because the parking is a pain and I can imagine it's a huge pain during peak hours. Besides that, don't hesitate to stop in for a little bit of amazing.Nice little restaurant in the South Market Development ! I heard about this place from billboards and also the Food Network ; for they claimed that these were the best burgers in New Orleans . I went on a Sunday afternoon , after coming from the 1st Annual Fried Chicken Festival in Lafayette Square . It was reallllyyyyyy crowed which was kinda expected since it is NOLA . The atmosphere of the place is very laid back, which fits the area it's in . Okay on to the burger itself , I got the Company Burger burger and I'll have to say it was quite good ! I believe the bun was kinda sweet but overall it was very good . I also had an order of tots to go with it ( loooovveeeee tots ) and theirs was very good and crunchy but not tooooo crunchy . The only thing I didn't like about the place was the lack of tomatoes and lettuce ! In my opinion those are needed to make a complete burger ! Other than that my experience was an enjoyable one .This is one of the best burgers I have ever had. I was in town for the Sugar Bowl and ate here before the game. It was jam packed but the service was still fast and friendly. The fries are killer as are the onion rings  
One tip, there is a "one holer" bathroom for each sex so don't hold out too long on a crowded night. :-)Very good burgers.  Very good beer selection.  Recommended!I like my burgers medium rare at most, so a I was put off when told they only do them well done. However, it made not one bit of difference and this burger was hands down one of the best I have ever had. Delicious! The mayo bar is fun and the tater tots are decadently delicious. For some reason they are wonderful with a little basil mayonaise.I liked this burger a lot but for the price i think you could do better. the condiments bar was something new. othering thing i found weird is they dont have lettuce or tomatoes on there burgers.Awesome burger.   The onion rings were made with red onions and tasted great.  Not sure if they are made on site but I could eat them every day.   Great service.  Wish it were closer to home.Their house fruit punch is addictive. The real showstopper is their dipping sauces. More restaurant should follow suit and make so many dipping sauces available. 
In a world full of amazing burgers, Company Burger fits in well, but doesn't really stand out. Perhaps we've hit Peak Burger.I ordered their double cheeseburger, and asked for it medium rare. After all this isn't Micky D's and for nine bucks I want it my way. The only choice I got was well done. I was craving a burger and accepted it their way. I also ordered French fries to go along. 
Well done, all the life cooked out of it was what I got. Two thin overcooked tasteless dried out patties on a good bun, with decent toppings. Two cuts above a double cheeseburger at a fast food joint and almost ten bucks with tax. Severely overrated. To their credit the fries were excellent. 
This new concept of offering hamburgers only well done needs to go. Also, this in-between fast food and real hamburger niche market with ten dollar mediocre burgers doesn't work well for me. I can go to Rouses and buy a pound of 80/20 ground beef for three dollars and make four nice burgers cooked my way that taste way better then here.Was typical buger joint.  My buger wasn't cooked enough.  Also didn't like the small cups they use for there drinks.  Fries were good.  It was an okay place to eat but there was better lunch choices.The Burger was juicy. The fries and Tater Tots were crispy. Overall, a great experience!A little confusing when you walk in. You have to order at the back of the restaurant or sit at the bar for full service. 
The burger was great. The mayo bar was fun and added interest to the burger. I put chipotle on one half, basil on the other. 
Onion rings were good and plentiful.My friend and I were talking about how the prices (when you order a company burger and an order of fries) are pretty darn close to that of Cochon Butcher, and that made me sad at first. But then the burger turned out to be pretty good (I added chipotle mayo and pickled jalapenos from the condiment bar). The cheese and patty are well-cooked, the bun is okay.
However, the fries were lacking. They were really not very good at all. Not crispy fries, not soft fries. Somewhere in the middle.
But it was a good burger, and I found the portions (with a company burger and fries) to be more than filling. And it is slightly cheaper than Cochon Butcher. This was a reminder, though, for why company burger tends not to top my list of places. But if you're in the area or Cochon Butcher is too busy, a Company Burger isn't such a bad thing at all.Really great food here. We took my kids here for Endymion. Great food all around. Family had company burgers,with fries and tots (really crispy-yay!), I had the turkey burger and onion rings-awesome! Ultimately we paid 90 dollars for 5 hamburger combos, but I think it was worth it!Not a bad burger.  2 burgers some cheese tarot tots and two drinks $30.00.  I can't get used to the gourmet burger price.  Nothing bad to report, nothing great to report.  Didn't stand out in any way.  I'll try again.  Good selection of mayo type condiments for the burgers.Grease, grease and more grease. Company burger continues to serve grease bombs at $15 a plate with fries and soda. I stopped in on Mardi Gras day for my last burger before fasting and I was let down once again. Atleast the other location uses a good yet overly salted rub, this thing was tasteless and the meat itself was swimming in grease. The sweet potato fries were tasteless yet the regular fries were very good overall though the main attraction GREASE not the burger. Great hangover food but that wasnt what I was looking for.Popped in for a quick lunch during a break on a business trip.  Tasty food, nice service and like the free refills in soda.  Thoughtful add on to have hooks under the table for purses and totes.Very wholesome ingredients and very quick response to orders placed.  There is a sauce bar which is largely mayo based, we liked the chipotle with onion rings. Close to our hotel and very friendly service. Felt safe and welcome here. Close to our hotel Drury Inn. A little pricey for burgers and fries but acceptable based on convenience.The burgers are outstanding.  The rinds and pimento are out of this world.... and don't even get me started on the shakes....The burgers were over priced for the taste.  If I have to compare CB to another company I will compare them to Five guys which is better. District Donuts & sliders is better also. As I'm writing this I'm realizing it's easy to open a burger joint all you have to do is make your bread, cook the burgers correctly to temperature and then price them at $10 or more a burger....I ordered the double company burger and it was well seasoned, a very good burger! Also, friendly and fast service. The place is nice and they play jammin music! I'm giving this rating because of the lack of burger selections to choose from and it's pretty pricy! For your meal you're looking at $17.00 for a burger, fries, and fountain drink; that's without tipping! I would expect to pay that at a place like Luke, but I thought the prices there should have been a little cheaper for what I received. All in all it's a good burger joint!This was one of the best burgers I have ever had! I got the Company Burger with fried egg well done with grilled onions! My husband got the same with bacon! DELICIOUS! You do have to make sure you put enough condiments on it but once you do...WOW! Definitely coming back next time I'm in NOLA!I get it, it's a burger place and I'm a vegetarian. There's no veggie burger and my grilled cheese was pretty greasy. That being said, my coworkers loved their burgers. Either way, it was a good lunch on the day after Halloween ;) 
We were there for lunch on a weekday and despite the location in the CBD, we found seating easily.Stopped here before soccer game. Had the lamb burger. This is the second time I've had it here and it doesnt disappoint. Also the Mexican Firing Squad drink! Delicious.Amazing burger for a great price. Fun atmosphere, friendly service, and memorable milkshakes.I will always be a shake shack girl, but this burger is easily the second best burger I've ever had after Shake Shack. SO greasy but that's what makes a burger a burger IMO. The bun was also perfectly crispy and even a bit buttery. Yum.
The first time I came here, I got two patties but that was a bit much for me (I get full quickly). The second time around I got one patty and it was perfect. The fries are also great! They remind me a bit of Five Guys fries. They also have a mayo bar. I hate mayo, but if you like mayo it's pretty cool.
The interior of the CBD location is nice as well. There are a lot of windows and barstool seating. There's also a little bar when you walk in. I also like that this location is right next to my other two favorite spots-Willa Jean and The Daily Beet!Best Burg in America. PERIOD. Don't believe me? Go try it.This place was recommended and Yelp likes it so I thought I'd give it a try.  Food was pretty good but didn't blow me away.  Similar to a Five Guys I suppose but with better sauce and "other" options and I was happier leaving this place than I am a 5 Guys.  In all honesty though, we had this the night before getting on a Carnival Cruise, and the Guy's Burger on the cruise ship was similar, but better.  A little on the pricey side in my opinion.  I'd probably rank it a 3.5 but the sauce/mayo bar will let me round up (and the onion rings we didn't get looked great on other tables.)My friend and I stopped here for a quick lunch before heading on a drive. Very casual and chill atmosphere. The bar was packed and everyone looked like they were having a good time. Staff were friend and order was quick. She ordered the single patty burger and I ordered the turkey burger, both with a side of tots. The tots were delicious and a must, though we both only finished half, so I'd consider sharing. My friend loved her burger and commented that it was perfectly juicy. I didn't particularly enjoy my turkey burger but you're probably not going to a burger joint for a turkey burger, so I won't harp on it too much. The variety of sauces were also fun to experiment with. I enjoyed the chipotle and basil mayo most.Didn't enjoy it as much as Five-Guys.  They have lots of varieties so for me, I couldn't get my order just right;-(Cheesy juice burgers! Home made Onion rings, fries Chicharrons and pimento cheese. Very chill vibe.First time in and got the signature double patty. Don't get me wrong, it was a delicious burger... I just couldn't help but think of the $9 price (without fries) and compare it to McDonalds' double cheeseburger. Not as good as Company, but I could get more for my buck elsewhereI'm all for sourcing ingredients locally and responsibly, but as far as actual food quality, all I can say about Company Burger is that it's okay. Factor in the price tag, and I can't really see myself going here again. The eponymous Company Burger was good, not great. The lamb burger was also just good. The best thing I had there was the tater tots, but I can't really justify going there just for those. As far as quality vs price, I think Five Guys tastes better AND is cheaper.As always, the food was excellent! No wonder this place has a cult like following. I hadn't been to the restaurant in a while. I'd never been to the Downtown location. For consistency sales, I got the Company  +  & ... ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT!!! This was our first stop on our Managers meet & greet outing and then off to the Republic Tailgate Party then #WhoDat the Eagles v Saints games @ da Dome, we clobbered them today by the way!! Who Dat, I say I say, Who Dat? (If you're a local New Orleanian, 25+  like myself you get that previous reference). A colleague ordered pork rinds with pimento cheese.. he offered each of us one and soon we shared his order--- This has inspired me to make this a regular thing in my Game Day Menu. To my coworker, Sorry my bearded friend but ya know you eat everyone else's food all the time, lol, from what I hear. I don't drink so I ordered the ginger beer which was very refreshing and not pungent with ginger, though I like a strong ginger beer. This was a good day, weather wasn't cold (winter is over folks) a beautiful day, The Saints WON!!!! 9-1!!! Had excellent company with my co-workers, great food @ Company Burger & The Mercedes Benz Superdome Bud Light Fan Zone. 
I will not let the next appearance at TCB, in Downtown, be this infrequent again. See ya soon!!can't go wrong with their sweet potato waffle fries, company burger, and tater tots. their mayo bar is pretty cool too.Blood burger and fries. A higher priced 5 guys but 5 guys is better and not crawling with hipsters.I read a lot of articles saying this was the best burger in the whole state of Louisiana. After checking Its Yelp page, I was surprised with the little reviews it had. This made me very skeptical. Nevertheless, I gave it a shot.
I've always believed nothing could beat Los Angeles' kings of burger- Father's Office and the Escondite. To my pleasant surprise, the Company Burger beats them marginally. Hands down, it is the juiciest, tastiest and mind-blowing burger I've had so far, even beating the Las Vegas burgers I've tried. I didn't want to leave New Orleans to go back to Los Angeles after tasting this.
This one should NOT be missed when visiting NOLA (albeit it's in the CBD part of town). Never. Ever. I would be my 2-3 small toes on it, you will be super elated with this burger.
PS they have a pretty hip mayo bar too.Went there a few days ago and I can say that they are one of the best burgers that I have ever have. Their onion rings and fries go great with a burger too!Burgers are great and just right. The tater tots were good, and I loved the music! Its a pretty nice place that I recommend.Favorite burger in New Orleans.  Definitely lives up to the hype.  Don't try to eat a burger and go back to work.  Always eat the burger and go home for a nap.This place wins on many levels. Very chill ambiance, bar with wonderful bartender and drinks, quick service, unique condiment bar, and one of the best burgers in New Orleans. If you love some good hamburgers, don't skip out on this place. Two thumbs upGreat burger. Thin patties. Added bacon. Everything was great together. Normally not a fan of pickles but it all worked. Company burger was the way to go. Great rings. Rings were much better than the fries. Enjoyed the condiment bar.Good burger, good fries.  The only disappointment was the sweet tea. It is not brewed. :(I came here for lunch with a couple work colleagues and was very impressed.  The place was almost full, but didn't seem crowded, and there was no real wait in line to order.  I got the turkey burger and sweet potato waffle fries.  The turkey burger was definitely the best I've ever had, and I've actually had my fair share, including my own.  It was flavored very well, and  fully cooked as it should be, but still juicy.  And the tomato jam and green goddess dressing only elevated it to a new level.  And the sweet potato waffle fries... Well, I'll just stop there.  If you're a fan of sweet potato fries, you gotta try em.  Cooked well - nice and crispy - and salted perfectly.  Very good meal.Ya know... I'm tired of writing five star reviews. I'm tired of coming across restaurants that I know I won't find back in Baltimore. I'm tired of not living in NOLA to experience the goodness each restaurant has to offer. 
I left my hotel on the way to brunch and passed the burger company in route. The scent from the vents captured me and I thought "who needs breakfast? It's 12 anyway. Time for lunch." So sorry not sorry to the restaurant I never made it to. 
In I go, went straight to the cashier to order. I got the turkey burger sans arugula with b&b pickles, sweet potato waffle fries and my friend got a burger with cheese and bacon and other goodies along with onion rings. We split a butter finger milkshake and got drinks. 
Best. Turkey. Burger. Ever. I'm not exaggerating. I'm used to dry turkey burgers that taste like they came from the frozen dinner aisle at the nearest super market. This burger was a complete 180 from that. I love waffle fries and love sweet potato fries even more so I was happy to have a combination of the two. 
The milkshake was amazing and wasn't too thick where you had to struggle to suck the contents out. This place also has a cute little mayo bar with various contents such as mayo, chipotle, garlic, basil, honey mustard and 'fancy'. The chipotle and garlic were my favorite whereas the basil was my least favorite even though it was still good. 
Service was exceptional and the food came out just was quick as it was ordered.More like 3.5 stars.
Finally stopped in here today to try them out. It's nice to have a different option for lunch. The location is great. However, the lunch rush gets pretty crowded and it's kind of hard to find a table. The menu is small, but adequate. The prices are a little on the higher side for what you get.
I got the single burger and tater tots. It was good, but I would really prefer if their burgers had lettuce and tomatoes too. I would also prefer dill pickles instead of bread and butter pickles on the burgers. Overall, the taste is good. I just would think that for the price of the burgers, they would add a little more to it.
Like most of the other places for lunch down here, there of course is a full bar. I guess it wouldn't be New Orleans without that..lol..I went today for lunch with a coworker.  I ordered the single medium...Well, it was practically raw...My burger was dripping and the cardboard box was full of blood as well as the bun was soggy.  Needs to be cooked a little more.  Fries and ranch unbelievable.  Service and clean.  Returning soon!Came here last night an hour before closing. Ordered the company burger with fries. My brother had a cookie milkshake, burger and sweet potato fries. Burger was great! Good size to fill you up, but not so big where toppings are falling off. The hand cut fries were good as well. Brother said his meal was really good as well. Friendly laid back atmosphere. I'd definitely recommend.This place was voted the best burger in Nola but I'm not sure why. It's pretty pricey for two thin patties and no veggies (lettuce, tomato, etc...). The company burger only comes with two thin patties, onions, sweet pickles and American cheese for $8.75. For that price I expected lettuce, tomato and real cheese. Or at least a choice of toppings like at Five Guys. There is a mayo bar...the garlic mayo was amaz-balls!!! The fries were ok. They are fresh cut with no seasoning. My hubs ordered onion rings which were pretty good! Loved the beer selection and happy hour has great prices. Overall, it was mediocre at best. We will get our burgers from Five Guys that supports local potato farmers.When you are craving grease after a night on Bourbon St this really hits the spot! Very laid back atmosphere and the French fries are delicious! I love the sauce bar too. I always feel bad asking for one of everything, here you serve yourself. They have everything from hot sauce to garlic mayo, more than a dozen different options. Would definitely go back again!High expectations based upon COBU on Freret Street.  Yes, it's as good as advertised.  Even on the first day, it's hitting the marks with the Single burger (add bacon) and a side of my favorite tots.  
Improvements from Freret - a larger bar area and menu; I can see this being popular before and after Saints games for the post-work crowd.  Nice drink and beer selection (especially for beer snobs).  Much larger seating area than Freret.  NICE JOB and great convenience for downtown lunch crowd.  The food is awesome, must must must try the place if you haven't.  Best burger in town.I LOVE THIS PLACE!
My turkey burger was the best burger I've ever gotten. The waffle fries tasty. I came upon this lovely gem while visiting New Orleans with my boyfriend. We were seeing what restaurants and stores were around our Hyatt House Hotel.
Glad, we decided to step in and give it a try. Ugh, take me back!!! Open one in NYC pleaseCompany Burger, you are just so delicious. My husband and I live close to the Downtown location and we love the happy hour offered. My husband isn't even a huge burger fan and absolutely loved the turkey burger here. 
I have never once been disappointed coming here. The service is fast and friendly every single time and the food is always stellar. I know, it's just a burger, but it's a REALLY good burger. Add that basil mayo and you got a great thing going.You're going here to get the best tasting burger you've ever eaten.  Don't forget the fried egg on top when you order.  The ambiance is meh - it's too new for a New Orleans feel, but it doesn't matter - the burger is THAT good.  I can't stop cheating on my diet with the burgers here YUMUpdate: Freret location is, in fact open on Tuesdays. YAY!!!!
So, if you follow me, you know I have a thing for this burger joint. 
I typically frequent the one close to the university, and that one is (NOW OPEN ON TUESDAYS)And it is frequently (open). But this one, this one does not disappoint in any way, shape or form. I wanted to make face-love to that burger, and dammit I did it.
On the walk of shame back to the office, I fantasized about the onion rings, which were crafted from red onions - i've never had that before. I indulged in fond memories of the toasted buns, and the cheese, and the beef, and the dressings. Best burger I've ever had.Great Lunch spot close and walking distance from my office building.  Prices are just right for a quick lunch. I'm a burger fan and this place doesn't disappoint!  Good quality burger patties and the sides are great! ( love the tatter tots!) After work the bar has an assortment of good beer choices for a good happy hour spot and a meal. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for a good quality burger menu.Hands down the best burger I've had! I'm not really a burger person but I practically inhaled it! The buns are soft, the beef patty is perfectly medium rare, the onions are crispy, I almost thought it was bacon! Very well balanced and very simple!SO GOOD 
sooooooo good 
buttery bun, classic American cheese, thin, moist patties. (I know moist can be a gross word, but it's appropriate here). 
quick, efficient, and friendly counter service or you can sit at the bar and order there. tons of beers, although I didn't try any. 
I'll be back to try their giant onion rings. I kept fantasizing about them as servers passed by delivering food to other patrons....Routinely awarded the title of best burger in New Orleans; for good reason! A fantastic, classic, American double patty cheese burger. Not too much grease, not too much bun, just the right amounts of classic quality ingredients. Fries are better than average, a nice dark fry without too much. If your feeling adventurous, go to the gourmet mayo bar and get some Rosemary for your fries and enjoy them Canadian Style.I ordered The Single and added an Egg! Addicting  and delicious! I also got a side of jalapeño coleslaw, which includes thin slices of jalapeño. 
It was super tasty! I shall return! 
Update: I brought a few newbie-friends before attending a concert last week and they also loved it. The place was packed. They also have a great Happy Hour which basically includes 1/2 off house cocktails, beer and wine (3:00-6:00)Amazing food and amazing pork rinds and the bar tender is great!!! 
Burgers are very tasty and filling but get the double bc you will regret if you don't.
Love their happy hourI always end up here when I come to NOLA. I was going to check out Parts & Parcel right next door but it was too dead looking and for nostalgia I decided to eat at company burger instead. For a burger place you can't go wrong stopping here. It's simple and delicious, not sure what else you can ask for.This review has nothing to do with the food, which I really enjoy, but the customer service. I ate lunch in the restaurant, but wanted to take my drink to go when I was done eating. I went to the drink counter to ask for a straw and was told that they are trying to reduce their plastic consumption, so they don't have any lids or straws, even for to go drinks. Ok, I get it, environment and whatnot. Except then I passed the bar on my way out and noticed 3 drinks that had both lids and straws. I don't mind going without, but I do mind being lied to.I look forward to eating here every time i come to New Orleans! This is the BEST burger and fries I've every eaten. A religious experienceThis was one of the worst burgers I've ever had. It was a very bad expirence overall. Fries were bits and pieces, burger was extremely dry, and it was way over priced. They even got my order wrong. You are better off spending your money else where.I thought Au Cheval was the only burger I could eat twice in 24 hours (minus some minor gluttony discomfort), but I was wrong. Ok, full disclosure, I only ate one, but my boyfriend may have had 3. In 24 hours. 
The story went like this. 
Once upon a time, we were wandering from somewhere, fairly certain it was a bar, and were going to hit up Willa Jean. As we walked up, we noticed that WJ closed about 15 minutes later so instead of being those assholes, we moseyed next door to the warehouse district location of Company Burger. Ordering is a little confusing while intoxicated because of the set up inside the restaurant but we figured it out and I went Lamb, boo went double chee. We got onion rings and rinds with pimento. HOT DAMN. 
The lamb burger was SO GOOD. Thinner patties so it had a little char but it was so juicy. That basil mayo was like crack, so naturally I waltzed right over to the mayo bar (YES. THEY HAVE A MAYO BAR) and got some to dip my rings in. And then stuck my face in it. Maybe. 
My boo had his double chee, sat for a minute and said, "Huh. THANK YOU SIR MAY I HAVE ANOTHER"...or something like that, and he had another. Obviously he liked it. 
But wait, there's more. The next day after a crawl at our favorites - Urban South, NOLA, Courtyard - a friend invited us to meet her at Tchoup Yard and who was serving food? COMPANY BURGER. The 3rd burger was then ordered. 
And everyone was happy. 
THE END.This place is poppin' at lunch time! Super quick and yummy protein & carb fix, plenty of seating. It's a pay-at-the-register kind of place. I tried the Company Burger (just your typical double patty burger) & got a side of tater tots. Both were a tad on the salty side for my taste, but the sauces & jalapenos I added balanced it out. Their condiments bar is AMAZING! So many options to choose from. Options include basil (super clean and fresh tasting), garlic, honey mustard, the fancy sauce. I got a mini cup of each to sample with my tots! Decided that the garlic & basil were my favorites, and spread them all over my burger. Will definitely be back! Disclaimer -- metered street parking only for this location, hard to find during prime lunch/dinner time.Stopped in to Company Burger after not wanting pizza while in the area with my significant other I went over here to grab a burger and to my surprise this joint has been a huge improvement. I got the single burger and it was cooked to order perfectly med rare like I like it full of flavor and way less grease than before. I am also a huge fan of their dressings bar especially the bread and butter jalapeños. Its a little expensive but if you stick to the single it doesn't kill your wallet.I've read some reviews and have been wanting to try this place. Apparently people don't know what a good burger is. The meat was kind of hard and had a off taste to it. It resembles a burger you get at 5 guys but lacking the taste and for a good bit more money. The onion rings were pretty good but for a burger place there are many other better options.My daughter got the chicken sandwich and devoured it. Pretty good size sandwich for the price. I got the grilled cheese. It tasted just like your childhood American cheese. My boyfriend got the cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake and thought it was noteworthy. We got an order of tater tots to share. They were pretty good especially dipped in ranch dressing. Over all, not a bad place to eat near the French Quarter.I love a good burger. I had a great burger at this place while visiting the Crescent City on vacation. The burger was excellent, the fries rocked and the interior has a nice bar. The place was clean. I will be back!solid burger. love the sauce station! came for weekday happy hour and had some cheap beers. all in all a great place to grab a bite.This picture says it all. Very Very Very Disappointed. Gave a one because the cashier was somewhat pleasant.Talk about the BEST burger experience I've ever had!!!!
We loved this place SO MUCH that we came back after our cruise. 
Oh.My.God. This place still makes my mouth water and hungry. The burgers are quite amazing, and the fries are so good, both the normal and the sweet potato. But what really makes this place shine is the mayo sauces. SOOOO GOOD!!
I recommend the chipotle sauce :)I have a thing for In n Out and BGR from the DC area.  This is now one of my favorite burger places.  The company burger is awesome.   Great bread, bread and butter pickles and grilled red onion. Really really good burger.  
The onion rings are made with red onion and the basil mayo is quite tasty.  Very good food and a all around good meal in a city with lots of stiff competition.  I will be back without question. 
Would love for this place to make its way to DC!If in New Orleans and in the area, you should definitely check out this great burger restaurant. LOVED the two patty cheeseburger. So juicy and delicious. Loved the mayo bar. Pickles on the burger added just the right umph to the overall experience. Had the onion rings. Perfect! Added a refreshing half price cocktail (daily happy hour). Wonderful! Only downside is I was too full to try the tempting desserts. Would absolutely recommend.Fantastic place!  Good eats on the cheap and make sure you say hi to Jazz the bartender, she is great!!!Best customer service ever! Wish I knew her name! Delicious burgers!!!! Fresh, made to order. Busy Friday night (game and voodoo fest going on), but you get your order fast, not a long wait, plus you can always get a nice cocktail such as "Company Buck Two" while waiting. We will be regulars!Three stars for the food and five stars for the service = four stars.  The milkshakes are wonderful - so creamy! I was highly impressed. I also ordered a basic cheeseburger. Unfortunately, this burger was quite underwhelming. First, the grilled onions are sweet. I was not a fan. The bread was very good. The quality of the meat was ok. Nevertheless, I have heard so much about this place that I was expecting more. The French fries were good. the portion was huge - certainly enough for 2 people to share. I wouldn't be opposed to eating here again but I won't seek out the place. If I return, I would like to try some other menu items. As I mentioned initially, the service was very good.I am not usually a huge fan of burgers but my friends and I were having a very strong craving for a burger. Being from out of town we didnt know where to go in NOLA but we did some yelping and found this place. I had hear good things about this place and since we were starving we decided to get the company burger and cheese tots. We also added a fried agg with runny yolk which was so good! They also had a variety of sauces which was really fun to try!Discovered this gem because the wait was too long at Willa Jean -- great fresh burgers and the onion rings were perfect. Definitely a repeat for me.Extremely over priced and very very salty burger. I'm still trying to figure out why and how that a burger fries and a drink cost me $18 when on the menu it says the burger is $8.75I've been meaning to go to Company Burger for years. Seriously. I've had it bookmarked for a while. 
Overall the food was good. Not the best burger in America, but a solid burger. Of course there's the mayo bar with different mayonnaise options, ranch and peppers. I can't remember if the mayonnaise was house made and they added flavors to it or if it was store bought mayo with flavors added. I will say the ranch dressing was quite tasty and better than anything I've had before... it definitely didn't taste like Hidden Valley. For my first visit I had a single cheeseburger with tots and tried the basil mayo, chipotle mayo and ranch dressing. Instead of a soda I opted for just water and to my excitement they serve the small crushed ice cubes!
My biggest drawback was that none of the cooks used gloves. Nada one. I also never saw them wash their hands which is another drawback of open kitchen concepts. One employee even came inside from a smoke break and headed straight to the kitchen. 
A customer said her burger wasn't cooked all the way and she'd cut the burger in half to eat it but realized it was still medium rare. The cook (who wasn't wearing gloves) took the patty off the bun and placed it on the grill to cook longer and once it was finished put it back on the bun and the cashier brought it to the customer. I was turned off, but by that time we'd already finished eating and I was just praying I didn't get sick. Not sure if this is policy across all locations, but I'd be more inclined to try the Freret St location earlier in the day instead of near closing time like I did at the Gravier St location.Burnt Fries and told I can't get a burger mid rare I have nothing else to say. $20 lunch let down.My experience was very meh. Beyond the rude customer service where the cashier was short with us, nothing was memorable. Including the very bland burger and fries. 
Probably won't be back even though it's within spitting distance on my apartment.One of the best burgers I've had in a long time. I loved that it was simple with no lettuce and tomato to mess with the flavor of the meat. The meat was juicy and flavorful. They offer a may bar with various types of mayo, a creole mustard and jalapeños. The basil mayo was amazing. We had a side of the Rinds & Pimento. They dust the rinds with some seasoning that really goes well with the rich pimento cheese that is house made.  The fries are not too thick or thin and are a great flavor as they keep the skin on. Overall I great meal and it did not disappoint.Consistency is the hallmark of perfection. I love that saying, because it's true in all aspects of life and in the case of Company Burger it's true of their burgers.
With that said, I can only speak to the burgers, tots, and craft beer selection of NOLA favorites. They have other items on the menu, but I keep with what keeps me coming back.
Never had a bad experience here: its quick, good, and I recommend this place.Jarrett was amazing. He knew his stuff about the city and gave me a tone of insight. That alone was worth a ton, but the burgers were amazing. Literally the best burger I've ver had.  I'm a burger guy and this was amazing. Also the pork rinds were excellent with the jalapeño juice.We are in New Orleans for our cruise and decided to stop in here for a burger. The place was spectacular! The service the bartender provided was great. He offered us a metal cup to keep our soda extra cold. We ordered the burger that was a double and it was plenty enough to split. It comes with pickle and red onion. The also have a mayo bar wmthat was awesome. I'd definitely recommend you try the basil mayo. The place was also very clean. This is one of the top burger spots I've visited. It also locally owned.imma let you finish.. but company burger is the best burger (in nola) of all time. i have this fight with my friends all the time, and let me tell you, i've been everywhere for burgers. truburger, mooyah, district donuts, etc., and nothing beats cb's juicy patty, soft bun, array of sauces, and thick pickles. and, the tator tots are heavenly. they are fried to perfection, and each one is perfectly crunchy on the outside and has soft, fluffy potato on the inside. (i really love friend potatoes.) but back to the burger. the burger is exactly what you want it to: a fatty, big, messy meal that will leave you satisfied. 
the place is nice, plenty of space and easy to maneuver. i like the fact that you can order and get your food, eat, finish, and leave on your own time. it's mostly self serve, a condiment bar with various sauces and utensils for you to grab your self and all.
in my opinion, the hype for company burger is real. whenever i decide to treat myself to a burger, the first place i think to go is company burger.Excellent  go to burger joint .  My favorite .  EVery time I have had single cheeseburger and onion rings .  The best ever !   Never a bad meal !This is one of the best burgers I ever had. I found it randomly when wandering around the CBD (that's what they call the Cornell Business District here in the Big Easy) looking for a hotel in my price range.
The space is wide open with lots of windows and Evan, the bartender, was really knowledgable and polite. I liked that he didn't criticize my smell since I definitely fell asleep on the corner the night before. It's New Orleans, am I right?
They have really good tater tots here too! And a mayo bar to dip them in. Lemme tell you, it's good to eat mayo again. Jenny hated mayo and would always judge me when I had it on my sandwich or just on a spoon. She always judged me for everything. That's why I came down here actually. Needed to get away for a bit to clear my head. I went to visit my brother who lives in uptown but he wasn't too happy to see me because I owe him money. 
But the best part of the company burger is tap handles. One of them is bubba fet! How cool is that. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town.Nothing can beat homemade burgers but company burger sure does give it a run for its money. What I like the most about it are the sauces! I like spice and garlic in my burgers and they happen to provide both in a condiment type of way.Delicious and convenient - my 5 year old ate his entire burger which NEVER HAPPENS. I enjoyed my turkey burger. The onion rings and shakes are very good too. The atmosphere was relaxed and kid friendly.I love hamburgers so I had to try this place. It was possibly the best burger that I've ever had. The meat was seasoned and cooked to perfection. The hand cut fries were delicious and my drink never ran dry. I highly-highly recommend this establishment.With Hendrix and Zeppelin playing... not to mention 22 beers on tap; this venue meets the hype. We had the company burgers, one with an egg and bacon, the other with added bacon only. MAN, WAS IT GOOD! As a chain, we didnt expect the amount of flavor in the burger... even the onion rings were great. Definitely near the top of my best 5 burgers... in fact I can only think of one that tops it. We ate at the bar and had pretty good service.This burger joint was absolutely stellar. They dont offer many items and they dont really need to. The original burger is very well done, simple, fatty and cheesy. the meat was very well seasoned and not over cooked. I absolutely loved this burger. They also offer a mayo bar with 4 or 5 different mayos to choose from which was fun to add to the burger and fries. I got cheese tots and i loved them. The tots stayed very crisp the whole time i was there and the cheese was just thin enough to not be overly rich. These were very good. I wasnt able to try the chicken burger but it looked phenomenal. I will definitely be back.When i love a burger i usually categorize it as "top 10" because you never really remember all the ones you head. Today, I could not remember a better burger than what i ate here. Perfect amount of onion, cheese, burger, pickle, bread. No lettuce and tomato in the building (aka confidence). The chicken sandwich was equally amazing. A must try for everyone living here or visiting!Great burger place - good music, perfect burger, hand cut frys.  Perfect for a casual meal - quick and done perfect- am I am a picky burger personLyft driver recommended getting the lamb burger.  The restaurant is a block from the Hyatt Regency New Orleans.  Got the lamb burger and onion rings.  Burger was juicy and comes with fresh cheese.  Was a good recommend and delicious.The waitress was completely rude when I asked to move tables together to support our party of 6 and proceeded to walk back by the kitchen and flick me off. Ridiculous, would not recommend this place after this experience.I just arrived in NOLA and this was my first eating experience.  We had just traveled all day and didn't want anything fancy.  We had no problem finding the place, but we had to question if it was open when we got to the door as it looked dark inside.  Luckily it was.  It was around 9PM and the place was not too busy, so we got our orders in right away.  The place is cool inside and the service was perfect.  I ordered the Company Burger and tots.  Coming from Southern California, all burgers get compared to In 'n Out.  This I have to say was better.  The meat was a little larger, the cheese was basically identical and the crispy bun was much better here.  Plus, you could add BACON!  My only downside of the burger was bread and butter pickles as I prefer dill, but it wasn't a deal breaker.  The tots were cooked perfectly and delicious.  My friend got fries and they were also cooked perfectly and 1000% better than In 'N Out fries (although most fries are).  The best part for me was the Mayo Bar!  There will be one of these in my heaven.  They had about 6 different mayo varieties.  All were good, but chipotle won my heart.  I used it to dip fries and add to my burger.  This brought everything to the 5th star in my review.  They delivered about all I could ask for in a good burger place.  It was better than another more expensive burger that I had during this trip at a famous chef's restaurant...BAM!Great burgers but if you don't like pink meat be sure to ask for well done. Their bread and butter pickles are delicious. Tater tots and waffle fries are perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Other places usually cook them over or under done.Great place for quick but delicious burgers. I mean I seriously love this place! The burgers are juicy, the tater tots are divine and they have an amazing mayo bar with different flavored mayos!! The milkshakes and specialty burgers are always great, too. There are several locations but I like the downtown location the best!!The burger and fries that I got was yummy!  I didn't intend on going here, i was walking by and smelled the food and said oh this must be where I'm eating right now.  
The wait for my order to go wasn't long at all.  The young lady at the register that kind of just stared at me when I walked up, a little interesting.  I'm the person that asks "how are you" when I walk to a register.  I find that 8/10, they say "fine" and that's it.  I usually say "oh, I'm well, thank you for asking@ although they didn't and i want them to know don't be like that.  This was the case here, she had this puzzled and bewildered look on her face, I just didn't understand it.
It's a little loud in here.  It's not that big and has an industrial feel to it (exposed ceiling, pipes, etc).  It has a small bar as well.  The price point wasn't bad at all, so I'd probably get a burger here again.Amazing lamb burger!!  It oozed out feta! The lamb was incredibly well cooked to perfection!! The company burger was also yummy!One of the best burgers I've ever had. Plenty of options for burger toppings, and they also offer onion rings instead of french fries, which by the way, are delicious. Good milkshakes too. Can't go wrong here!I ordered the company burger, onion rings, and a coke ($17).   the bun was delicious, but the patties were BLAND.   they tasted like plain hamburger meat.   No seasoning, no char, no nothing.  The only flavor was in the buttered bun!
I give 3 stars because the onion rings were AWESOME and I like the flavored mayo station.
Oh, and they only have bread and butter pickles.... I'm a dill fan.