I'm a current resident in this hotel and this is my experience, all less than 24 hrs. I showed up at 10:30pm and the front door was locked because they lock it between the hours of 11pm-6am...I rang the doorbell and went to the front desk where I wasn't greeted. I then introduced myself and said I had a reservation, started the check in process then the girl at the front desk took a phone call, then another phone call....11:10 I check in and head to my room, which was smaller than described the floors dirty and a little dusty, not too bad but it doesn't look like they clean as well as other hotels. I take a shower in the morning and yes the rain shower head though looks fancy isn't the greatest when the shower doesn't close so water does get everywhere. I have a street view which is really loud but didn't effect my sleep, but I'm not a light sleeper. My biggest issue was when I was randomly walking through the Nola streets having a good time and decided to check where a free atm was and looked at my account and saw that they charged me again for a room that I prepaid for, I went back to the hotel asked them to fix it and also just randomly checked hotel prices and exact same room for more than half the price. So let me get you the quick details:
1. I was not greeted when I entered and took 30+ mins to check in. 
2. The room wasn't as big as described(they explained to another resident that is European style so it is the same size just looks smaller...)
3. They double charged me (when i first made the reservation i thought I would actually be charged then, but i wasn't and just randomly without warning they did 2 separate transactions so if you're not prepared for that i don't know what to tell you!)
4. They won't prove match their own rates after you check in. If i wouldn't have checked they would have prove matched my last day because you need 72hrs to do it, so for a Sunday I'm paying $348 bit if you checked in right now you'd pay 135...
I have this place a two when I started writing based off ambiance because even though it's small, the exposed brick and crappy hardwood floors do lol nice...that's it, customer service isn't the greatest, fare practices are out the window and street noise is loud. But if you want to stay here after all that, well I warned you. I checked in Thursday night at 11:10pm it's 4:05pm Friday and I'm writing this review...Oh housekeeping starts around 9am so be prepared for the knocks on the door but they're cool!
My honest recommendation if you want to stay here: don't book too early, they have good rates when you get closer to your date but also certain days might be booked already, so it's hard to accomplish if you're a planner.I snagged this hotel on our last trip to New Orleans not really knowing very much about it beforehand. I knew that it was formerly The Ambassador (which is what a lot of reviews here actually seem to be for.) The hotel has been totally overhauled and is now a boutique hotel. First off, the location is GREAT...just a few minutes walk to Harrah's, Fulton Street, or the Quarter. I liked that you didn't feel endangered on the walk back either (because some streets can get really sketchy late at night.) There is a pay lot across the street for parking, which is convenient. We were greeted by very friendly staff and quickly put in our room. I loved the look of the lobby and the hotel overall (love the exposed brick, etc.) The room itself was very nice. I thought it odd that there were no windows in the cheapest room, but was fine since we were only there to sleep! The bathroom and shower were beautifully done, the toiletries were great, and the bed was extremely comfortable. Surprisingly, the liquor and what not in the room was not outrageously expensive. I will say that if we had booked the room for their regular price, I would have expected a bit more (because it was not exactly cheap.) We got a great deal though and would love to stay there again!Delightful and reasonably priced hotel in the warehouse district.  It was easy to walk to the French Quarter too. Had an especially attentive valet name Charles who was just delightful, even when it was pouring rain. 
The bed was super comfy and 4 pillows on each bed, without even having to ask for more. Great ceiling fan and the A/C was nice and quiet so we slept soundly and comfortably.  Could have used more water pressure in the shower but that is my only complaint.  Loved all the history about the building.Had an issue with an upcoming booking that needed to be changed.  After writing a review I got a personal call from Richie and he went out of his way to help me out.  Granted I didn't actually stay at this hotel, I did have a good experience with their customer serviceThis is by far our favorite hotel in Nola. 
It's a beautiful romantic boutique hotel with great service, INCREDIBLE FOOD AND DRINKS as the Compere Lapin is in the lobby, and awesome art work. There is even an old cigarette machine the dispenses collectible art for a few bucks. 
Our favorite bartender Abigail always surprises us with her ability to mix and match flavors for her signature cocktails and all are delicious. I can't say enough about this place, I stay at least once a month for work and once a month for a getaway date night. 5 stars.The bad reviews must be from the old Ambassador hotel that was at this site some time ago.  This newly remodeled establishment made my stay there (12/18/15) an excellent visit.  I arrived at 3:45 am and the desk attendant made me felt as she had been waiting for me all this time.   Rooms are modest sized (actually pretty good for CBD New Orleans) but the bed, pillows and other amenities are superior and comfortable.  The staff is great.  They are really on their toes.  I WILL stay again.I was hesitant after reading some of the reviews. However, we had an amazing stay. The hotel is beautifully designed. It is not your cookie cutter place, I would use the term slightly rustic because it doesn't look clean due to the fact that carpets are worn and the floors are reclaimed wood. Our room was clean and comfortable. The maid service was great, front desk amazing, and the restaurant is top notch. One of the best meals we have ever eaten  (not cheap). The only hiccup was the morning valet was a jerk. But Martha the amazing front desk clerk took care of the problem.Such a lovely hip hotel with great location. It has so much charm. Fun downstairs with a great bar and restaurant. 
Love my spacious room. So beautiful decorated. Highly recomendedAwful, Awful, Awful is how I would describe this hotel! My boyfriend and I were staying here for a weekend, and everything about this hotel was wrong-with the exception of the room itself. The front desk staffers were rude, and seemed like it was a chore to be of some assistance if a customer had a question! Valet was a joke and the charge for it was laughable (I think it was $32 a day for us), and the only other options would be to park your car across the street paying over $25 each night, or risk your car to some unfortunate circumstance while parked on the street. 
When we were heading to our room, we attempted to use the elevator. We heard a lot of noise on the elevator while we were waiting. When it finally came, we got in, only to find mucus on the doors, and it was there for TWO DAYS. Housekeeping didn't even try to clean it, even after I told the front desk! I would've used the stairs from that point on, but where we were seemed like the bowels of the hotel and did not lend itself to stair access, and the carpet on our floor smelled like it was NEVER cleaned. Needless to say I would dry heave every time we left our room.
The room itself was ok. I say "ok", because it was small, and our bathroom needed some work. I saw lots of caulking in several areas of the tub, lots of cracks in the floor and counter with discoloration. The exposed brick was nice in the bedroom, and I liked the hardwood flooring, but that was about it. 
Spend your money elsewhere if you want a pleasant overall experience!We came to this place thinking we'd have a quick drink at the bar (very nice bartender so this does not apply to him). But, since we had such an odd experience from start to finish with the hotel itself, I'm rating them instead. 
1) when we walked in, there was no telling what was going on. There were 3 hostesses right upon entering but no one offered a greeting or offered to seat us. Granted, we just wanted to sit at the bar anyway, but a cheerful explanation of restaurant hours would have been helpful. Side note- what restaurant doesn't open until 6:30 pm in NOLA? Whatever.  But point is: don't put three hostesses at the door who can't be of any service to the hotel or the restaurant. 
2) the entryway lobby has a long bar-like table in the center. Two men were sitting there on their laptops while a ton of unknown people kept hustling all around it. It seemed awkwardly placed, and the more we looked around the more I concluded that the designer's goal was, "how bizarre and uncomfortable can I make this space?" 
3) fast forward to us walking over to the gift shop to browse what appeared to be a collection of some truly eclectic and weird thrift shop art from the mid 70's. My husband picked up an unmarked small white box, at which point a young woman hurried over and barked at us that we were invading a private party. I looked around and saw a tiredlooking and foreign elderly couple sitting on the sunken couch- also in the gift shop- but otherwise there was no indication we had crashed any launch party. I guess it's not a gift shop, despite the display cases of misc. thrift items and price tags on printed art. But we still don't know. 
4) The bathroom was an all-gender, single stall, small and cramped. And it was for the entire first floor bar/restaurant/faux-gift shop so I had to wait in line. If there was more bathrooms I was not privy to that secret location (nor the others standing in line) and was only directed to this one. A shame. 
In conclusion, the welcome committee fell short here.Stayed here weekend of October 10-12, 2014. We got the hotel from the Hotwire.com deal. My fiancé stayed here with friends about 6 or 7 years ago. He said nothing at all has changed since then. I am very happy about the renovations. I want to so badly love this place, but it has a very long way to go. 
Pros:
The AC works fantastic!!! The hotels AC Bill must be through the roof. The location, hello!!! You cannot ask for a better location!!!!!  The hotel staff is ridiculously accommodating! (We had to switch rooms because we were by the elevator and there was a clacking noise everytime the elevator was used) the valet, front desk, all hotel employees were very nice. Management needs to applaud the team and tell the staff to keep up the great customer service. 
Cons: 
The hotel is just OLD. The renovations will help greatly, hopefully. Specifically, I didn't want to walk around bare foot. The old wood floors are gorgeous, but really need to be vacuum sucked cleaned. The corner where the tub meets the other wall in the bathroom was black and mildewed (disgusting) a bathroom should be so clean and calming, this was not. I wanted to get in and out. The lighting in the room, we were in room 285, no window the lighting has GOT to be redone. I just felt dirty, which caused me not to be able to sleep well because I was nervous about the uncleanliness. Another con, smoking rooms, I'm probably going to get bashed, but stop with the smoking rooms. It's disgusting!!!! Walking past the smoking rooms on the way to the lobby so gross.  
Side note, I went to the gym, the gym felt cleaner than our room! Small gym, but very very clean. 
Again, I want to love this place, so I hope the renovations are great. I just think ditch the wallpaper, paint something nice and soothing, hell even white!!! Paint the base boards, clean the mirrors, work on lighting, get new shower curtains. 
This is one thing  I want management to consider, would you let your mom, wife, or daughter stay in these rooms with the dirty floors and gross bathrooms? 
My fiancé doesn't want to come back, maybe I can try to change his mind because I do believe in local businesses, but this renovation better be pretty damn awesome. 
Good luck.Great hotel for the price. 
Our room was very spacious and clean, loved the exposed bricks. The location was also great, just a couple of blocks from Canal St and all the restaurants and nightlife.
It's not the Ritz Carlton but at $100 Saturday night stay for four people it's a deal hard to pass up.Just checked n for a few day stay for jazzfest and we are quite happy with the hotel. Yes, the lobby is under construction, but the rooms are very nice and spacious with an different type of vibe from your standard chain hotels. So far, so good!Very nice ! Would Definitely stay again, especially with the great group on deal we had. Clean place nice staff , quiet. Breakfast wasn't so good , not many choices ....continental breakfast so eh. Mildew smell if you're near the ice machine. Close to everything , you can take the streetcar or walk to the Riverwalk. Bourbon street is about a 15 minute walk , nice place.Mary the night desk clerk was amazing.  She helped us check in that night to was very late 1am. And the following night called to make sure we were ok. What awesome customer service!! We had so many option to Choose when it comes to hotels, but we will stay there for sure.Very trendy hotel in a great location as it's close to everything, but yet outside the French Quarter, which I think is a plus for sleeping/staying. The hotel bar is a hotspot at night for dinner and socializing. A definite gathering place for business folks. Fun and a bit loud in the bar. The hotel smells like a spa when you walk in. Brick and wood everywhere...a draw for me. Room was comfortable but lighting is a bit dim. Loved having a ceiling fan...a rare find in a hotel room. Fitness room is small but it works with a few treadmills, elliptical machine, and free weights. I definitely recommend this hotel.I was kinda surprised at how much I liked this hotel. After exhaustive research (per usual) for the perfect digs to hang out for my upcoming bday, I decided the Travelzoo deal I snagged for The Old No. 77 couldn't be beat. But I was still skeptical about the condition of the refurbished rooms and whether it would be too far a walk to get to the French Quarter. Well, neither was an issue.
We arrived early on a Saturday and I was graciously greeted at the lobby front desk, which is adjacent to a recent Top Chef alum's restaurant- Compere Lapin. We were spoiled from the moment they found out who we were. My darling sis had called ahead and let them know I was celebrating my birthday that weekend. They went above and beyond to provide the best service- all the of the employees including the doormen, front desk agents and the cleaning/maintenance staff.
The rooms are set up sort of like apartments. We had a spacious studio minus a kitchenette. I believe they designate them as Premium Queens. Granted the hallways are a little dim and dingy but that is the only complaint I have about the interior areas. Everywhere else is gorgeous and immerses you completely into an authentic French Quarter/NOLA experience. We were unlucky and had rain on my birthday morning so we resigned to stay in the room until it cleared up. The thing is, I was perfectly fine doing that because it was such a nice and roomy hotel room- with huge floor to ceiling windows making sure we had enough light. Some people have complained about the smallish bathrooms but I was fine with it. I loved the rainfall shower with the dark slate flooring.
We walked mostly everywhere except on the morning we needed to get to a tour at a certain time and when we had dinner in the Garden District. It was about a 10-15 minute walk to get to most parts of the Quarter. We enjoyed it because it was my daughter's 1st time in NOLA so she enjoyed exploring different parts of the Riverfront and the Quarter. 
We will definitely stay here again, especially because the price is right and far exceeds the overall value for a chic boutique hotel in the heart of a fabulous city!We recently booked a trip on expedia.com and before confirming the package I checked out the website and found a buy one night and get one free. I quickly canceled the expedia.com package and booked two nights directly from the hotel website and received two more free. The hotel is in a great location, right of of Canal street. It is a 5 minute walk from the madness of Bourbon street and the French Quarter. It is even closer to Harrah's and the mighty Mississippi. The hotel is a modest middle of the road establishment. The rooms aren't the largest and the hardwood floor is old and buckling. There is a computer in the lobby for internet use. The staff was more than helpful and extremely polite. This is a no frills type of place that offers a good night sleep close to everything the city has to offer. It does not have a lot of amenities, but I view hotels in New Orleans in the same light as Las Vegas. I only use the hotel to sleep, shower, and change. The city is reason I am there, not the extras the hotel offers. If you get the chance to visit New Orleans, DO IT!!! And don't spend your time in your hotel room. There is too much to see.Modern, trendy, smart hotel in the heart of Nola. Great atmosphere and superb sevice from great baristas to excellent consierge. They will go out of their way to help you with anything. When i go back to Nola i will stay here!I wanted to stay at a non-chain hotel, being in New Orleans... just for one night, wanted something with a little more character. 
This hotel delivered that. Exposed brick walls, hardwood floors, high ceilings. Almost felt more like a B&B.
It was fairly convenient to the French Quarter just .7 mile away. An easy walk. (Walking along Canal Street feels like 42nd Street in Manhattan!)
Now for the downside... they do "extort" a mandatory $9.95 fee for wifi and use of the health club. Not cool, but, ok...
Parking across the street was $29 for 24 hours. Ouch.
I could hear every time someone opened and closed a door, and the neighboring room sounded like they were walking in OUR room. That's the price you pay for those hardwood floors.
I thought it was much cleaner than other reviewers seemed to think... but I pretty much got what I wanted.
My biggest complaint is our king mattress was hard as a rock. Dang.Whew! When we arrived, we were greeted and checked in by courteous and friendly staff. The only issue was our room was a box.. We were surprised there were no windows. Not one review we read said some rooms don't have windows for natural light. The only light was from one lamp and an entry light. Staff were unable to accommodate a room change that night but the next day were able to move us into a room with two large windows. What a huge difference. The room was also pleasantly larger than the first. 
Also after reading reviews I was a bit scared but the reviews did not do this place any justice. The hotel is old but that's what makes it a great place to stay. You get the historic charm. It can be loud at times but hey.. We weren't in the room that much. 
The location was great, staff were helpful, friendly and more than accommodating. The cleanliness of the room was fine although the floors were a bit slippery but made for some fun sliding Risky Business moves. The only issue was the water was slow to drain from the sink and shower but with old plumbing it wasn't a bother. We would absolutely stay here again.Color me conflicted.  On the one hand, I thought the overall atmosphere at the Ambassador Hotel was very unique.  Hardwood floors, exposed brick and beams, lots of character.  On the other hand, there was just something mildly "off" about the hotel, some of the main areas were a bit dirty and there can be a lot of noise (from the thin walls and the loud air conditioning duct), also, it looked like someone randomly got into a fight with the armoire in my room, as there was a hole punched right through it.  
However, overall, the hotel was convenient to the downtown area, was affordable, and the staff was always polite and helpful.  For what I paid, I was happy.  And I would probably stay there again.  Maybe.This is a great hip space in an old warehouse and a great location.  Had to check in early and had them hold our bags as we were taking the Natchez river cruise.  They called us within 15 minutes to let us know our room was ready at 12:00 pm which was awesome as we weren't planning on check-in until 2 or 3.  The lobby is awesome and the staff was very accommodating.  The location is perfect and parking across the street is great as we could come an go as we pleased and not have to pay again after each exit. Walking distance to everything is just within 10 minutes. Our room was large and had the coolest vibe.  Beds were super comfortable and the space has a hip loft vibe with super cool details such as the floors, art, furniture etc.  Read other reviews complaining about creaking floors etc., clearly many didn't do their homework as this warehouse is hundreds of years old and I'm so glad they didn't turn it into some cliche Marriott situation.  Can be noisy  and hectic but I didn't go to New Orleans for quiet time.  If you are looking for a family stay with a quiet and calm location stay in the Garden District.  On one note do be aware that quite a few rooms are interior rooms with no windows.  Great if you are looking for quiet time, but not for me.  I prefer a view even if you can hear the noise from the street...reminds me I'm in New Orleans.  Great Room, Great Rate, Staff, Restaurant and Location!  Probably not best for families or those looking for a vanilla vibe.  Will definitely stay again.Beautiful hotel with great vibes and style. 
The room decor is exquisite and had so much great style and flair. The restaurant downstairs is a great convenient option, a little pricey but worth it! 
It's so NOT american horror story as some dude below mentions. You're not fancy bro, nor are you cool. Don't let that review steer you away.
The staff is incredibly helpful and nice. I left my headphones there after checking out and the ensured they got them back to me in Chicago. Thank guys!I booked through expedia for about six people, at least two nights each, for this hotel.  I needed to make a minor change, called the hotel directly, and got great service.  After that I needed to cancel a reservation due to this huge winter storm coming in (this isn't a surprise, people) and the hotel refused to work with me.  
The front office manager, Patrick, refused to transfer my call to whoever helped me so politely before and kept repeating that everyone would tell me the same thing he would---to call Expedia.  He also kept implying that I wasn't authorized to make any changes (who calls with confirmation numbers, the expedia account info and all the names to try to fraudulently cancel hotel rooms?  NO ONE...) so instead of being treated well because I mistakenly chose this hotel to book over a dozen room nights at their inflated rate for busy tradeshow weeks, I was treated like crap by him repeatedly.    (Expedia recommends you call the hotel directly if notice is less than 48 hours on updated requests...and it just seemed like someone who shouldn't be handling reservations at all was on a huge power trip instead of tranferring me to the right person.)  
I get news today, 2/24/15, that these updates still haven't been made (because I had to call expedia and never did get any resolution to my simple requests from the hotel itself), so I call the hotel yet AGAIN...I call three different local numbers and the phone rang 25-50 times eacha nd I was eventually hung up on without speaking to anyone or reaching any answering service.  I finally found an 800 number and end up with Patrick once again...who won't let me speak to a manager this time because he's in a meeting.  I currently have the CEO of our parent company and the president of our company at this hotel, check in was an hour ago and I still have no confirmation their reservations are correct--they have been telling the CEO they can't find his reservation when I have all confirmation information, and have received a call from our president saying that the place is "a dump"...a nightmare I've spent hours working on and still don't have it resolved, and it's making a horrible impression on a company who visits New Orleans at least once a year and has proudly done major re-roofing work for the Superdome.  I'm beyond frustrated and I need help!!  Hoping Mr. nice business manager guy from the hotel will respond before any more damage is done.My bed had black hair in it.... Super gross sheets . My bathroom also had black hair all over the floor. Will never come back. Did get it as a groupon though ...This might be my favorite hotel I've ever stayed at. 
Very hipster and new school modern, chic and homie. The decor is incredible with a rustic feel and updated tech/art all over. 
The STAFF is outstanding! Everyone is happy and smiling and so willing to be helpful. 
The downstairs Caribbean-inspired restaurant and craft cocktail bar bring it all together. Food was exceptional and the craft bartenders are top-notch.
Even Randy's Latte became a necessity for our morning recovery.
Thank you to everyone at Old 77! Can't wait to come back.Awesome hotel right in the middle of everything NOLA has to offer. Front desk lady was super helpful. I cannot remember her name because Bourbon Street has left my brain feeling fuzzy but she was great. 
Room was a little small but big enough to sleep after touring the city. 
Awesome atmosphere I recommend this Hotel to anyone and will stay here again. 
Also very dog friendly. Gave us a water bowl and doggie bed for our four legged friend when we checked-inStay here if you want a cool, down to earth, modern but authentic NOLA experience! The brick walls, original wood flooring, and artwork are just WOW. We loved staying here and will be back!People probably give this place bad reviews because they aren't ready for old-fashioned decor. There was some paint on the floor and the rooms were brick walled. 
We thought it was clean and the staff was friendly. There was a free continental breakfast. We have nothing to complain about.Two stars for location and I suppose friendly staff/free breakfast in the morning. 
Kind of ends there with the good. I can appreciate older places, but this place was falling apart. Uneven wood floors, pieces sticking out and walking was a total squeak-fest. Dirty sheets and paper thin walls. You can hear everything. The locks on our door were falling off making me feel a bit unsafe! The door hardly fit the frame as so much light filtered into the room at night. We heard everyone walking down the hall like they were in our own room. Table in our room had a leg that had fallen off, but they balanced the table on top of it anyway. Worst part was a boom of some electrical surge every ten minutes. Loud enough to wake you up.Arrived here at 3.30pm and we were greeted by very friendly front of house staff. The room was clean and pleasant with no noise from adjacent rooms.  Another member of our party joined us from work and were able to hail a taxi just outside the hotel, and spent an agreeable evening before returning to the hotel. We asked for one of the cars to be at the front of the hotel  at 6.30 am and at 6.25 the car was ready.  Would stay here againI DO NOT recommend this hotel as it currently is. If it were possible to rate a zero, this place would earn it in a heartbeat. Pricing is comparable to other full service hotels in the area. That being said, there is no complimentary parking, there is a fee for the continental breakfast, which by the way is the worst and most limited selection I have ever seen, there was a full bed in our booked 'deluxe queen,' room (which makes sense because the room was too small to hold a queen..Room 415), the business center was non-existent, and most of all, the unadvertised state of construction the hotel is undergoing. Not only are half the pictures on the website false advertisement (the lobby and bar have been gutted...the bar being the whole reason we chose to stay here), but the construction crew was laying down carpet outside our room. We had to maneuver around their work for THREE DAYS, with the full experience of hot glue smell, dust and general construction noises.
Granted, I understand the need for doing improvements, but we would have made other plans if we had even an inkling of the inconveniences in store for us...not even at a  discount.
Two redeeming qualities, although meager, were the historical building itself, which we did appreciate, and the lovely staff. Unfortunately, we chose the place off of location and website pictures only. This experience will have me looking at reviews from now on.In giving this hotel 5 stars , only because I can't give it 10 !!! 
I have stayed all over the world. This hotel offers one of the most comfortable beds, highly insulated walls, and more charm and character than hotels 3 times the price! 
We stayed on the top floor , at the end of a hallway, which may have been a factor - but, literally didn't hear another guest or disturbance! Stayed 7 nights . 
Lovely coffee bar, cocktail bar, art gallery, fitness options and the location was ideal for walking to all that New Orleans has to offer!My husband and I made a last minute decision to stay in New Orleans on our way back from Florida and found this gem online. Spontaneous stops such as this are not uncommon for my family and I and we're always looking for unique and "off the beaten path" haunts to eat and hang out. This spot did not disappoint! The interior was very cool though they're new and still making some improvements and the staff was very accommodating and nice. We'll be back!Here for the saints v. Bengals game. Staff at the front desk and bellman were very helpful with directions and hot spots to eat. 
Construction at 7a. Sucked. They were loud when we were asleep. 
Hotel is local to everything food coffee shops mall bourbon st.  Trolleys busses cabs or walk to all. 
Rooms were newly renovated.Stayed here for 2 nights with my wife and 2 kids. Drove in from Dallas, TX (548 miles) to see the aquarium, eat some cajun food and the Children's museum.
Goods:
* The place has a cool feel, very unique and looks to have been remodeled recently. * * The bar is attached to the hotel
* The Valet guys/bell hops are REALLY cool down to earth I wanna help ya guys who saved this place from a 1 star rating.
* Woman up front was super nice when checking in
Bads:
It was a lot of things that added up to a poor rating:
* Internet was spotty 
* No coffee for the room, called and asked for some, but they never came. 
* Requested a cleaned room early (they said no problem) and they did not do so (our kids cried in the lobby while we waited on them to finally clean the place for their nap).
* After you check in they seem to loose interest in keeping you happy here.
* WAS UP TILL 2AM because the neighbors upstairs were walking around and it sounded like someone stomping on the roof.
* The closet door was broken in half and the side that remained was warped so we could not close the closet. Kids kept getting into everything because we had no place to keep things.
* Breakfast was a joke, cereal, toast, jam, muffins and hardboiled eggs with coffee.
In the end it's all looks and no go. Might be worth that extra money, but it you are young and single I can see how this place would be PERFECT!
Sorry for the low stars Ambassador, but you earned it.Hip and modern looking on the inside. Stayed two nights during Jazz Fess. Way too expensive for what it was. I get that it was during Jazz Fess..but still...what hotel doesn't even have cups in the room for water????!!!!
And don't even get me started about the midget wrestling that began at 10PM.  If I had known that was going on I would have requested another room on the opposite side of the hotel. I realize we were in NOLA and in bed early, but all I wanted to do that night was catch up on some sleep so I was ready for a long night on the following night.
Also, I don't get the walk in shower idea. Water. Every freaking where.  
It's within walking distance to Bourbon Street, but all the talk about crime we did Uber everywhere so it wasn't even worth it to us.  The plus side was the Valet dudes were really really cool.I love this hotel. From the rad bar downstairs to the nice front desk people, I enjoyed my stay here. If you like hotels that are well furnished with American industrial decor, it has cool details through out the rooms and lobby areas. Brick, leather, tweed, wood accents each room and it feels warm and comfortable. Bathrooms are clean, has great fixtures and details. There are even leather straps on the headboard (wink, wink) in my room. 
The bar feels good to sit in and it open, airy and light. $6 drinks at happy hour everyday from 3-6pm. Delicious! I had the Americano, a boozy coffee drink and the crispy pig ears. Snacks come with tubes of lipstick butter.
Its nice to see a once sad hotel reincarnate into a really cool, modern hotel. Hoping to come back to NOLA again soon so I can stay here.Super cute boutique hotel! Was there with a friend for the Essence Festival and the room was clean and we loved the decor. We were lucky to have a room with windows so the natural light was a plus. I also liked the fact that there was a coffee shop in the lobby as well.I had hopes despite the poor reviews, thinking this hotel had character. Instead I found a dirty room and unfinished floors. Still thinking that I had not paid as much as other hotels I learned that my door did not lock. I had been out of my room for several hours at this point and was then heading to bed. The front desk did nothing until I badgered several times then they called the manager. Still nothing was done because I booked through a 3rd party. Instead of try and make a happy customer they told me to contact my booking source and left me in a room that did not lock overnight. 
Unfortunately these people are not in this business for customer service and safety and would rather just churn people in and out.WILL NEVER STEP FOOT IN THERE AGAIN!
The rooms are drab, outdated, NOT CLEAN, loud. My bathroom had standing water in it the entire stay. The sheets are sticky, no real comforter, just a gross felt throw with a cover that feels like window curtains. You can hear everything from the neighboring rooms, including when they use their bathroom (pleasant right?). It is also across the street from a bar that has an outside patio, so you can hear everything from there as well.
Now the staff -- they smile and they are friendly. But they are completely incompetent at their jobs and cannot fulfill even the simplest tasks. I had the SAME request every single day, for 5 days, and not once was it taken care of. I followed up several times and day, nothing. 
Front desk called me at 11:30 pm telling me I was supposed to check out that morning when I had 2 days left on my reservation.  There are so many things wrong with that sentence.
I usually don't write bad reviews but this place is God awful and I will NEVER go there again. I checked out a day early to stay elsewhere. This place is terribleOkay, Im so on the fence about Ambassador its not even funny. 
First and foremost, we couldn't check in until 4 p.m. after one of the managers advised me that I would be able to check in early because of my red eye flight.  To be fair, we knew the check in was at 4 but a lot of place accommodate to those people arriving after red eye flights plus I was told that they could make it happen.
After we finally checked in, we came upstairs and low and behold the key cards weren't working. Umm I should've known this because the guy at the front desk wasn't even paying attention checking us in. 
Once we got to the room, I felt a very cozy vibe but it was wayyy too cold and the blankets were too thin to sleep with. Beware of the floors because they are sticky and very squeaky, we almost felt unsafe to walk. 
The shower head was extremely weak though I appreciated the organic shampoo and conditioner they provided even though we had brought our own toiletries.
There was very little closet space to hang any clothes but room did come with a coffee maker, iron, blower dryer in the bathroom and a flat screen TV. 
The best part about the room were the beds. They were very comfortable and the pillows were soft. Ask for extra blankets because the sheets are very thin. Yes, this is New Orleans in Spring and it was extremely humid outside but inside the hotel it was freezing.
On a positive note, the staff was very friendly with a few exceptions. Lauren the concierge was actually very helpful with planning our tours and booking restaurant and performance reservations. She really knew a lot about New Orleans and everything this amazing city has to offer, which I appreciated.
All in all, this is a good hotel to stay at if you're just going to sleep, shower, and get ready to hit the town. It is about 6 blocks from the French Quarter and Bourbon street so a very good location. Its not particularly luxurious or relaxing but its comfortable enough. I probably won't be staying here again because of the $10 mandatory fee for the hotel plus the $30 parking so instead of paying extra fees I will be staying at a 4 or 5 star hotel which will end up being the same price anyway.What a fun little hotel in the Warehouse district. They're renovating, but inside the rooms you really can't tell. 
The staff is SUPER friendly. We got in at 4 am and they weren't the least be inconvenienced. They cautioned is against using their valet service (it's expensive) and told us where to find cheaper parking. Cool, right? Nice that they were concerned about us and not about robbing us. 
The beds are AWESOME. Seriously. It's almost unfair. There's so much city to see and I don't want to get out of this thing. And the room seems to stay cool on it's own. Huge plus! Nothing sucks like waking up hot.
I'd love to give this 5 stars, but I can't because of the noise. The walls are paper thin. You can hear conversations in the rooms next to you and above you and when those people start partying, whoa. I stayed here with a baby and she almost woke up multiple times.
So maybe not baby friendly, or the place to go if you want to sleep, but a great hotel otherwise!We stayed here on our cross country road trip and we loved everything about this place ! I probably said "I want to live in this hotel " to my boyfriend 100 times everything was great the decor the staff the restaurant and especially the coffee downstairs hands down the BEST iced coffee I have ever had! We had our dog with us and upon our arrival they gave him a toy which was so nice! If we ever go to NOLA again we will definitely be staying at old no 77Awesome hotel, so glad I found it and booked it for my first NOLA experience! Unlike some other reviews, I did not notice any bad smells, major dirtiness or rambunctious noises. Of course, this may have to do with the fact that we stayed the middle of the week shortly after school starting and right before a hurricane. The rooms were very well done, modern industrial feel with any amenities one could hope for. Shortly after checking in, when heading out for dinner, I stopped by the front desk to shamelessly announce that I was in town for my 30th bday. I was very impressed with the special accommodations that were extended to me. Only had breakfast at the restaurant, which was tasty, as well as their frozen adult beverages. I loved that they were dog friendly and didn't charge an arm and a leg for that amenity. Not too many grassy areas to walk the pups, but there was a park just a couple blocks away. Harrahs casino was right around the corner and it was just a 6$ uber to bourbon street! The only aspect that made me cringe was the 36$/night valet parking, but that being said, from what I understand that's the norm for that area. There was a pay and display lot across the street but that would have ended up being even more expensive. I would not hesitate, and would even look forward to staying here next time I am in town.
Ah yes, I forgot to mention the absolutely lovely front desk woman was named KC. Also, the gentleman at the valet stand were always lovely, opening doors and helping us load the car upon departure.BEWARE: BEDBUGS! Hello, fellow Yelpers. I stayed in this illustrious bug hotel over a weekend and came home covered in red, itchy bites, which took a few days to develop fully. I was totally freaked-out that I may have brought them home with me and contacted The Ambassador hotel immediately. They told me that they would have a pest specialist check it out and get back to me. That's when the communication ceased. THEY AREN'T EVEN ACKNOWLEDGING THE PROBLEM! I didn't care about any refund-I told them this-and all they wanted me to know was that it wasn't a cleanliness issue. Really? Bugs living in your beds, feeding on your customers, and this ISN'T a cleanliness issue? I was under the impression that I was to be the only tenant in that room! STAY AWAY, lest you bring back more from your trip than souvenirs purchased in the Frenchman!Everything is just off - restaurant only half full but we inexplicably were seated next to a loud brunch group. Upon check in, our keys didn't work, so we trudged back down. That set of keys DID work but there was someone in the room (so sorry, honeymooners). It turns out we were assigned to a different room than the one the front desk wrote down. We were supposed to be in a queen, the room was a double. The coffee bar forgot our cafe au lait. The restaurant forgot the granola. There were two of us but only one robe and that robe was missing a belt. It's not an inexpensive hotel but the experience is really subpar.Came to New Orleans for business and this is my second time staying here. The historic vibe has been tastefully upgraded with bare hardwood floors, one exposed brick wall, designer bathroom features and a large window. Unique features like the mirror hanging from a leather strap and the well stocked bar with local literature make it a fun and funky place to lay your head. Great hospitality doesn't hurt.
Challenge: small bathroom and limited lighting.Wonderful workweek experience. Not only is the location perfect and the value second to none, but the actual rooms make you not want to leave and explore the city. Very high ceilings, full wall windows, exposed original brick and utilities, and an actually affordable minibar!! Staff is very attentive and friendly. The flooring in the hallways are like you are hiking through a rocky pass due to the age of the building...little strange but awesome really.Really loved the look of this hotel...beds were comfy, restaurant/bar area was fun and busy with delicious food.  I can't stay here again though because there's no coffee available before 6:30am.  The first night I walked to another nearby hotel and got coffee from them ~ the second day we called room service (doesn't start til 7am), no coffee pot in the room, and the bar doesn't make coffee til 630am.Located on a street that took nearly 2 days to pronounce properly (chupi-too-las), is a decent hotel to stay in. About 6 very short blocks from Bourbon Street, it's far enough away from the crazy "it's forever spring break" street, but close enough to walk there. 
The hotel has brick walls and high ceilings, reminding me of DTLA lofts. The walls are thin and you can hear the clattering of people walking and the muffled voices. The room door has a large glass panel and is covered with blinds. The ever illuminating light in the hallways pokes through the blinds and causes sleep deprivation. May I suggest blindfolds?
The staff is very nice and accommodating. They supposedly offer a free continental breakfast, but Cafe Du Monde and other places are so close and probably better tasting that it's best to pass.
Shuttle service is offered to and from the airport for $27 (?) per person. It's cheaper to get a taxi for $33 per trip ($1/extra person).
Despite it's minor flaws, the price can't be ignored.Great location.  Awesome bar. Wonderful restaurant.  Housekeeping leaves much to be desired. Out of the six nights we stayed there, we had to ask for our room to be serviced four times when we returned to the hotel. Ok, we left the room later than other tourists, but why don't they have a system in place to do a final sweep of each floor to see which rooms are outstanding?  No soap dish in the bath.  Didn't replace the bar of soap on the sink.  The room is too small for a week....only one...yes, one drawer.  I didn't expect to live out of my suitcase.  My daughter didn't have a key to her mini fridge until the day before we left. Nor, a Do Not Disturb sign. A small thing, and I'm sure the hotel will tighten up to match the quality of the restaurant and bar.Forgot to write a review for this place.  I stayed here last year for my birthday.  Rooms were great and remodeled with lots of exposed brick. and it's really centrally located where you can walk almost to anywhere including the French quarter, casino, museums and restaurants.  We didn't even rent a car or need one.  Only bad thing was when I visited in December 2014, they were under construction, so the lobby and breakfast area weren't really completed yet.  I'd love to come back and see how it looks now as I'm sure it's completed.The building definitely had some character. We were looking for an experience unique to New Orleans and this fit the bill. 
The room was clean. Our room had a very high ceiling and a gigantic window, which made for a nice ambience in the room. The valets were pleasant and efficient. Convenient walk to everything you need to see at a reasonable price. 
In terms of the restaurant downstairs, just skip it and go somewhere else. My boyfriend and I both ordered a burger. However, my burger was a completely different burger, a frozen hockey puck, because they ran out of meat. I would've just appreciated honesty instead of trying to pull the wool over my eyes. However, the waitress noted that there was a large difference in quality and decided not to charge us for the second burger, which was appreciated. 
On a side note, we heard a woman complaining about bed bugs and how the hotel would not comp her stay. We do not know the validity of her claim, but we thought it was worth noting since it has been mentioned in reviews before.I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Ambassador with two friends.  We had some trouble finding a room in the city due to a convention that weekend, so Ambassador wasn't my first choice, especially after reading some terrible reviews.  Although the hotel comments on the construction on their website when I booked the room, I was unaware of how extensive the work site actually was until I arrived.  The extent of the renovations in my opinion made the hotel nonfunctioning.  It's appearance was horrendous and I felt like I literally was staying at a construction site.  
When I entered the facility, the carpets, walls, and baggage carriers were stained and very dirty.  We walked what felt like a mile to get to our room and some hallways were barely lit.  We got lost several times in finding the elevator to our room.  Once we arrived in the room, we noticed loud construction noises, very little light and one window that faced a room with construction, and the walls so thin, it felt like our neighbors were in our room.  The pipes would clank so loud every 10 minutes, we would wake up from the noise.  The toilet would run loudly for literally 15 minutes until at some point I wiggled the hose coming from the toilet and it stopped temporarily, but returned again.  We were then woken up at 7am by drilling, hammering, and sawing coming directly from next door.  When I called the front, they pretended like they didn't know there was construction happening even though the whole hotel was undergoing it!!  They offered to move us to another room.
We were moved to another room that was nicer and had less issues, but sure enough the next morning at 7am, we were woken by construction again.  I called down to the lobby and again, the hotel acted like they weren't aware of any construction happening.  In my opinion, this hotel seems like it needs the renovations, but shouldn't keep its facility opened with that much going on as it's not fair to it's guests paying as much as they do.  Or at least offer a hefty discount while construction is going on.  
On a good note, the hotel was in a good location and the beds were super comfy.  Staff was nice besides the acting oblivious to the construction work.  All in all, I would not stay here again.My fiancé and I booked this hotel through the hotel tonight app. I don't normally do reviews on Yelp about hotels but Kyle made our stay beyond expectations. He was extremely attentive to my fiancé and I. Kyle honestly made our experience at The Old No 77 a one to remember. He was so kind and made sure our stay was up to our expectations. There was a lot of closed roads due to the marti gras parades which made it difficult to get to the hotel and we would have had a mundane experience if it weren't for Kyle's satisfactory customer service. I later found out he wasn't even on the clock when he provided his profound services. Thanks again for going out of your way to make sure our stay was exceptional. I would highly recommend this hotel and furthermore would highly recommend running into the restaurant manager, Kyle.Location is one of the best things going for The Old No 77, easily within walking distance of all the main places to visit in New Orleans and right in the middle of a warehouse district with plenty of options as well. 
Free WiFi is another great perk, it worked throughout the hotel, the signal was very strong and you didn't have to continually put in a password for access. No disconnections during my entire visit.
Place is aiming for a hipster clientele with their artsy decor and openness to animals, I don't need or care for either but I can see the appeal.  Biggest issue with the place is the lack of noise canceling walls, I could hear everything happening in the hallways outside of the room, this made for difficult times when trying to rest.  Beds were comfortable though and while TV isn't normally important to be while traveling, they have a lot of premium cable channels for those inclined.
Bathroom is a bit odd, the lack of a shower door does lead to water on the floor, throw a towel down and problem solved but can be a bit annoying. Bathroom door isn't clear but can be seen through as silouette, as most people travel with friends or family, it shouldn't be an issue, why would you be staring at a bathroom door while someone is in there I wouldn't know.
Staff was ehh, nothing special about them, the few needs I had were met but they didn't go above and beyond in the effort to be friendly or overly welcoming.
Would stay again on future trips for New Orleans, the price and location are worth it.This hotel was a bit of a disappointment.  At check-in they asked for a $9.50 per day fee for wifi, continental breakfast, and access to the gym, which I thought was strange and an unpleasant surprise--I had figured all of these things were considered part of the price for a night here, like every other hotels I've ever stayed at.  The continental breakfast was not very comprehensive, the gym actually looked nice, and the staff was pretty nice, especially the young concierge staff seemingly trying hard to please the manager.  The location was ok if you want something not quite in the French quarter but walkable.  The room was small and had a strangely spacious bathroom that took up a lot of the unit, but was also charmingly vintage and cozy.  It reminded me of a New York city studio apartment with a little bit bigger bathroom.  The front desk asked us to wait for their particular taxi company when we left, but we hailed one that was nearby before that one came (not a huge deal but the taxi driver said that the hotel has some kind of commission/sales deal with certain taxis).
Overall, not terrible, but I probably wouldn't stay here again, and will probably read more reviews before choosing a hotel by (what I thought was an inclusive) price!This is a dump.  Rude staff.  No windows to the outside in most rooms.  Mold mold mold.  Dirty rooms, old thin linens, bathrooms from hell.   Do not give these crooks your money!!!!!!!!Got a room here for one night after working in LA Place. Great location, close to many bars and restaurants, and even has one inside that I missed because they closed at 10. Literally took less than 5 minutes to walk to Harrahs Casino. The decor was right up my alley, exposed brick, funky antique retro, awesome mini bar, good updated bathroom and fixtures. It even had a romantic vibe to it. There's really dope artwork in the 1st floor as well as scattered around the building. Anyways I will definitely be staying again. *Bonus points- I lost my credit card and a gentleman named Zachary was very helpful and quick to help me get it back, phewww. Thanks Zachary!We stayed here and absolutely LOVED this place. Great location and easy to walk to everything around. We only took a cab once to the French Quarter, but decided the rest of our stay it was worth the walk. Close to restaurants, the Aquarium, the nightlife.
I loved the decor, the staff was friendly and that bed was so comfortable!!! I was sad to go.
The room price was great; which we went to Priceline for and made checking in and out effortless.A lot of things have to happen to make a hotel provide service this poorly. The front desk is incompetent. The staff is uncaring and indifferent. I have seen better bathrooms in a $49 dollar motel 6. The "free" continental breakfast that they force you to pay $9.95 for is nothing more than a bunch of bread on a table with a toaster. I recommend spending your money elsewhere.1) Here's the kicker: a colleague of mine got stuck in the elevator for 15 minutes.  He rang the alarm button and, although it rang, no one responded.  After finally prying himself out he went to the front desk and saw an attendant and a bellhop standing around.  He told them what had happened and instead of offering apologies or showing any concern, the two men mouthed off at him.  
2) Upon arrival, there was only one person at the front desk and she was terribly slow.  It took about 10 minutes each for me and the people in front of me to check in.  When I was finally checked in, the line to check in was eight people deep.  Eight people time 10 minutes each - you do the match.  I observed this each day I was there.  
3) Upon arrival, my colleague had urine on his toilet seat where it clearly hadn't been cleaned.  Luckily it was his room and not mine; he simply wiped it off and didn't complain.
4) The sheets on my bed were not changed or even made after my first night there.  I did have a small bag on my bed so that may have been the excuse.  My colleague's bed, however, was also not made and his bed was clear.  I called downstairs to ask for it to be changed and was told that there were not cleaning staff available.  The manager was also unavailable.  
5) The following night, my sheets were changed, but the new sheets had a large hole in them.  There also was a giant ball of dust and hair left in my bathroom, longer than the length of a dollar bill.  By this point I knew calling downstairs would be a moot point.
6) The hotel charges a mandatory $9.99 per night amenity fee for use of the fitness center, safe deposit box, and WiFi.  This is not mentioned by Priceline up front, and only in very small print did I learn that Priceline.com requires guests to pay all mandatory "resort fees".  I understand having to pay a resort fee, and have paid many in my life.  This dump is not a resort and the mandatory fee is hidden  and unethical; if it's mandatory it should be included in Priceline's upfront price.  
7) The internet is too slow to stream Netflix, much less accomplish any productive work.  
The following morning, the manager, again, was not available.  I called during the day and was transferred to his voicemail because he was not in; the voicemail was full and I was unable to leave a message.  Apparently lots of people are calling him with complaints.  I checked out the following morning.  At check out I again asked to speak to a manager.  He was at the property but couldn't speak with me promptly.  I had to catch my flight so left my phone number with the front desk and asked him to call.  He never returned my call.  It's a shame because the hotel is in a fantastic location between the French Quarter and the Convention Center and has the potential to be a cute boutique option if it were better managed.They are currently undergoing reconstruction and the entire hotel is just very unattractive. I felt mislead by the website photographs and what I actually observed once I arrived. I had to book last minute and it was the only hotel remotely close to the French quarter with room openings..I should have expected something. The room itself had very creaky old wooden floors and was small. The hallways are windy and seem disorganized. We had to have our room key recoded multiple times (and we made sure it wasn't sitting by any electronics that would demagnetized them). The walls were paper thin. The wifi was slow...could not stream videos on YouTube for example. Your stay comes with a modest continental breakfast which I actually enjoyed given that most hotels do not do this anymore. The staff is also very accommodating and I think they understand the frustration of many customers given the transition appearance of their hotel. We were able to have $80 returned when we expressed some dissatisfaction. Overall, wouldn't recommend coming here until after the renovation is complete!Thank you so much to the staff for making our wedding weekend amazing. We received an UNREAL group rate for our wedding guests. Caitlin and Alan (our block coordinators) went above and beyond to accommodate our ever-expanding room requirements, honoring the group rate far beyond our 10 courtesy rooms on the block. 
My aunt got a flat tire and the valet changed the tire in ten minutes and gave her a list of locations where she could get a new tire. Wow!
The rooms were modern, tidy, and adorable. Our guests loved the bar downstairs, and Compere Lapin was phenomenal! 
Highly recommended!!The best new hotel in this city! The room we stayed in was spacious and the bed was like sleeping on a cloud. Bed linens are made Egyptian cotton imported from Italy. Everything about this hotel is modern. The staff was top notch from the time we checked in until we checked out. I asked for a 1pm checkout and it was granted. Late check out is a big deal for me. Parking across the street is reasonable for $25 for 24 hours and hotel valet is $32. Some of the reviews have suggested parking your car on the street after 6pm and moving it to a lot for the early bird special before 8am. Street parking is enforced Mon-Sat 8am-6pm. When we checked out of the hotel today there was a few cars with those bright orange tickets on the windshields.The photos are deceiving in that few rooms have windows and if it does have a window it's facing a brick wall and lets in little-to-no light. So that was sort of a bummer. The first room we checked into didn't have a tub, which was totally a no-go for me. I will say that when I called down they swapped the room right away and provided a room with a tub. I was also surprised by the service we received when we initially checked in. We were told that the elevator wasn't working and that we'd have to take the stairs, which, okay, fine but when it was time to retrieve our bags (we had arrived prior to our room being ready--which is another story) instead of getting them for us and bringing them to the room, we were led to this weird staff room/closet space, grabbed our our bags and had no offer to bring them to the room for us. WTF. As for the checking in aspect, it was no issue that we couldn't check in early (we were, in fact, very early) but that had said that they'd call when the room was ready. Needless to say, based on my two-star review, they never called. The materials of the room (old wooden floors and slate-type tile in the bathrooms) never seemed that clean, also due in part to the nature of the material but it just didn't have that shiny-sparkling-fresh-hotel-room feel. All in all, unless you are guaranteed a room with a bonafide window and/or are deadset on staying in a trendy boutique-type hotel, I'd recommend going across the street to the Loews, who, by the way, had a SAUNA and POOL (no real amenities to speak of at Old No. 77). Womp, womp.I literally created a yelp because I was so pleased with the customer service I received from the Ambassador Hotel. I booked this hotel because the prices were so much better than the other hotels in the area. I was initially supposed to stay at the Ambassador hotel for two nights in June. I have not been to the Ambassador Hotel, but was told by a friend that the newer rooms looked amazing! I made a facebook status about my stay and they totally shouted me out! I called and customer service was so friendly. I had to change my reservation and Angela spoke with me and helped me with all the details! I honestly don't understand why the reviews are bad b/c every interaction I have had with this hotel has been positive and friendly. I can't wait until my trip to New Orleans and am looking forward to my stay!Great location but hotel is old, under construction right now and was very dusty. Very pricy for the service!!!Dump!  Worthless dump!  Staff is worthless rude and dumb.  Rooms have no windows. Its a rat trap roach motel.  Mold mold mold.  Firetrap!The location was great, the Hotel staff are very friendly and helpful. My first night I was in a room backing onto the elevator shaft. The noise of grinding cables were not pleasant and immediately upon asking I was moved to another room. Front desk actually brought the keys up to the room for me. Great restaurant and bar!  Both my rooms didn't have a window or natural light. Surprisingly, this didn't bother me much. I would certainly stay here again.I was here with 6 other girls and the hotel is nice but Josh at the front desk was super chill. Thanks Josh!An ok hotel.  Somewhat interesting decor but pretty dark and not at all "charming."
Far and away the LOUDEST hotel room I've ever stayed in.  I can't attest to other rooms but absolutely don't stay in room 428 (and probably not any 4th floor room).  CONSTANT loud droning noise overhead possibly the AC system on the roof.  But worse yet was that literally every 15 seconds 24/7 there would be an even LOUDER surge and vibration of noise.  I had to sleep with earplugs in AND use headphones playing music to drown out the noise enough to sleep.
Then you have the noise of the people coming from the elevator since literally every single person must go past room 428.
I didn't eat at the restaurant/bar but it looked ok.
No real place to get a quick bite or breakfast other than waiting in line for a pricey muffin in the morning at the front desk.
The other thing to be aware of is that they'll hit you with an extra "resort fee" when you check out that was not at all mentioned at any time during the booking process even tho I paid in full in advance for the lesser charge (which was still awfully expensive for the quality of room you get).
Bourbon St is about a mile away but walkable.
The outdoor flea market is maybe 1/2 away. The casino is a block away. 
The Riverplace Mall is about 6 blocks away.
I'd never stay at this place again all things considered.Let me start out by saying I don't believe in ghosts. Having said that, I cannot explain what happened when I stayed overnight in room 481 of this hotel. I was conducting an interview in my room with a business associate and was recording it on my phone, Toward the end of the interview my associate stopped speaking for a moment and there was silence. Suddenly something fell right next to us from about three feet up--a coin or ring or pen-- and we heard it clatter onto the hardwood floor. We stopped and looked at each. Neither of us had been moving and neither of us dropped anything. We looked on the floor and there was nothing. We even moved the chairs. Nothing. We went back and listened to the recording and it clearly audible. That night I went to sleep and shut off the television and lights. As I settled into bed in the darkness and silence, I suddenly heard the same sound of an item dropping onto the middle of the room onto the hardwood floor. Same sound, same spot. I then heard three distinct footsteps on the ceiling above me. Here's why this was unnerving: I was on the 4th floor and there are no floors or rooms above mine. I waited to hear additional footsteps but there were none. I turned the light on and looked at the hardwood floor. There was nothing on it. I have no idea how to explain what happened in this room (481 if you want to request it) but it made for a strange and unnerving stay. If you want a unique experience, I recommend this hotel. Nice staff and good location. And...ghosts, if you believe in that sort of thing.It's like staying in a haunted hotel where the ghosts never sleep.  The wooden floors are pretty, but unlike carpet they produce a lot of noise. Constant  pounding noise from other guests walking around, and of course the floors also creak. The floor in my room was uneven and had soft spots. The walls here seem to be very thin, as I could hear the conversion of the other guests in the next room.  The hallways are a maze and not friendly to people with disabilities because stairs suddenly appear in the middle of the hallways. The carpets in the hallways are dirty an old with horrible stains.   There is not a coffee maker in the room, microwave,  or fridge.  No pool or hot tub.   We were trapped inside by a very bad rain storm and tornado, and this was not the hotel I wish I was in.  Tried to hang out downstairs at the bar,  but it was full with no place to sit.  Of course parking is $32 dollars a night.  Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.Our second time staying here and we had an even better experience than the first time. We love New Orleans and have decided this is where we will stay each time we visit!  The rooms are super comfortable and a good size, beds and pillows are comfy too! More than anything else though,  we LOVE the customer service we receive here. ...everyone and I mean EVERYONE is kind and courteous. This particular stay I would like to acknowledge the 2 front desk folks who helped us print out some basketball tickets we purchased last minute. It ended up being more difficult than it should have been and they both went out of their way too help us get it done. I do apologize for not finding out their names but it was a man and a woman. Anyway, we are thrilled each time we've stayed here and are always looking forward to the next time we visit. Thank you!Love this place!! The decor is adorable.  The staff was very nice. The location was great. The mattress was comfortable and the pillows were great.   I would certainly come back here again!!The rooms we're good and Valet parking was a God send since I was traveling with a U-haul. Overall good housekeeping  service and the rooms we're clean and very Hipster in it's Look. The scenery was the only thing that lacked, we we're facing a wall. All in all for the price and location this place is pretty darn good, I'd stop by again.   ;)After reading the negative reviews I was a bit wary. We arrived and the hotel is being renovated so aesthetically the lobby and halls were not fantastic but once we got into our room I loved it! The room was warm and the beds so comfortable. 
       The staff was always pleasant and helpful. They directed us many times on how to get around.  The price for 4 nights was around $700 over Easter holiday which I feel is reasonable based on location. 
     It certainly is not the fanciest hotel I have ever stayed in but it was very comfortable and I would totally come back. I'm sure once the remodel is over it will be just beautiful.This hotel is under construction but the rooms were nice, the staff was pleasant and helpful.  I look forward to to returning when the restaurant and lobby are completed.We booked this hotel last minute and got a really good deal. There was some sort of convention going in New Orleans during our stay and I wasn't even going to consider paying $400 a night elsewhere. 
The rate was significantly cheaper at the Old Hotel No 77 due to "renovations" in the lobby so I jumped on it. Best decision I made while in New Orleans!
This hotel was awesome to say the least. Keep in mind that my review is strictly based on what I was looking for which is somewhere elegant for my fiancé and I to lay our heads while being in walking distance to the French Quarter.  Mission accomplished. The extra money we saved was spent on more Beignets at Cafe Du Monde 
The room was specious with a rustic feel but nicely decorated with what seemed like brand new furnishings. The only negative was the small size of our bathroom but otherwise it was more than fine. We didn't have much of a view either but who cares! 
Ignore all negative reviews because this hotel has clearly done a complete 180. I would 100% stay here again.There were NO window's in our room and the carpet from the elevator to the room was FILTHY!!
The ice machine didn't work the first night we were there but it worked every day and night after that. 
There is a restaurant/bar in the hotel which seemed to be a hit with the "locals" but we were never able to get in so we can't attest to the likability of it. 
Over all, it's a "nice" hotel but the lack of keeping the carpet clean really put us off.Unfortunately the rooms aren't anything to write home about. Hardwood floors and furniture don't make up for the paper thin walls and a window that faces a brick wall.Stayed here last week because it was a pet friendly hotel.  The price was great and located by everything we wanted. Our room was large and clean.  I was told this place use be be a coffee and tobacco factory, not by the hotel staff at check in, but by the bartender.   The place has a lot of character, too bad the staff did not.  The guy who check us in was all too serious and did not seem to care about smiling or being  friendly with us.  The valet guys aren't the usual valet types I am use to.  Usually they get the luggage from your car for you and load it when you leave.  Perhaps this is how they do it in New Orleans. The Valet/Parking is $30.00 per night.  It seems a bit steep for the service we received. We did everything except park the car. The bartender told us they are going to be remodeling in the near future.  Hopefully, they can remodel the customer service as well.The hotel staff initially gave me a key to someone else's room upon check-in, in which I entered to find a young lady in her underwear. A few days later a hotel staff person pounded on my room's door at 10:30pm to see if "someone was in there". After calling the front desk they were rude and unapologetic. They also charge a mandatory fee for wi-fi access, though it didn't work for at least one day while I stayed there. The room was unclean and poorly maintained. The least of my concerns was not having a window in the room.When I first walked in, I was so impressed and couldn't wait to stay here. Everything about the hotel is so eclectic, but my high hopes quickly faded. First, they couldn't find our reservation, but the concierge was apologetic once they found it, which I can overlook. However, we were put in a room on the side of the hotel next to Barcadia and the sound was outrageous even with ear plugs! I'm in my 20's and enjoy all the fun NOLA has to offer, but I paid to have a nice stay with my boyfriend... And that was completely ruined by the noise. So sad this hotel wasn't as great as I had hoped and thought it would be. Just make sure you ask to be put on the side opposite of Barcadia... Unless you like listening to remixes of the Spice Girls until 2 AM.I am shocked to see such a low rating... this place was fairly inexepensive, clean and had an excellent location.I recently stayed at the Old No 77 Hotel three nights over JazzFest. The hotel is charming and perfectly located (walking distance from everything but not in the middle of it). The front desk service was friendly and attentive. The room itself was spacious and nice, but. . . . you can hear EVERYTHING throughout the night - hallway doors opening/closing, people talking, people walking in the room above, etc. It was very disruptive and didn't allow for restful evenings. Over our three night stay, housekeeping never emptied the garbage or recycle bins, never removed the used/empty cocktail glasses, didn't refill empty shampoo/conditioner/body soap bottles and we had to request fresh towels (as our were covered in mud from the festival) a few times. All 3 stars I'm giving are to the hotel only, the Chandlery (if that's the bar/restaurant) I give 0.
The staff in it's entirety at the Chandlery is rude and obnoxious. The bartenders were snobbish, the hostess was unhelpful and at the end the food and drink was subpar. Don't let the trendy space and the cool hotel vibe lure you in. There are so many other better options in walking distance of the hotel at the same price point of the Chandlery.Delightful.  Went for the restaurant, which was superb.  I am on a limited diet and eating here was great.  Broiled shrimp was the bomb. The Gaspacho with corn and Lobster was great.
I don't drink but everyone seemed to enjoy the cocktails. I would suggest to come for dinner, have another cocktail, and stay over night.
The hotel rooms were beyond clean, the design was restful.  Staff were nice, not intrusive.After booking and checking reviews on here I was hesitant amd hoping we'd have a better experience then what I read. Well, from moment we left our car at valet till check out has been wonderful. The valet guys were very helpful and prompt. They recommended restaurants and chit chatted with my husband. Walking to distance to french quarter and all the good restaurants! Not much interaction with front desk other than checkin but they were very professional and welcoming. Rooms were clean, beds and pillows were SO comfortable! Really like the look and feel of this place. Would come back and recommend to others for sure!They charged my credit card for stuff from the minibar that I never took. I have called them to dispute the charge, and they said they would credit my credit card. Nothing yet. HATE minibars; it's like a license for the hotel to steal because how are you going to prove you never took stuff? I liked the location and my room; nice but nothing special. Booked thru Hotwire so I thought the price was good.As the website mentioned, the hotel is under renovations, we get that. However, 7 in the morning... using power tools in the room right next to ours? I don't think so! It's New Orleans! You know that none of your customers have come home yet from the night before or are extremely hungover and can not handle the 7am ruckus. It was INSANE. After asking 5 times, the staff was nice enough to move us to another room. When we complained about the noise they were polite but they seemed "surprised" that there was noise....blissfully unaware I suppose. In the New Room...7:30am the next day, BANG BANG BANG.....oh hell no. it was happening again! Called down to the front desk complained about the noise and then magically the work stopped. Likeeeee, it's Saturday morning at 7:30am - could you at least wait until a little later in the day for that?? To find the elevator it's a MAZE. We got lost every single time. Half of the halls do not have lighting and the others are very dim. Again, I get it's under construction but if that's the case then you should be comping your customers or giving them a free gift or some sort of incentive to want to stay here. We would have changed hotels but there was a conference in town and could not get another room anywhere else - this place was the only one not sold out - we should have taken it as a sign. The room that we did stay in, I must say had some charm. Hard wood floors in a hotel and brick walls is very uncommon - but I loved that little detail. The beds were very comfortable-when it wasn't noisy, we slept very well. But keep in mind the building is very old, floors are very creeky, toilets and pipes are loud and run for a long time, It wasn't a great situation to share among 3 girls. Not enough hangers in the closet and not enough lighting for 3 people to get ready. The location for this place is good - across from Harrahs, a few bars/restaurants nearby and about a 10-15 minute walk to the French Quarter. Far enough away from the chaos but close enough to walk, take a short taxi or hop on the street car and adventure around New Orleans.
 I'm sure in a few months when all of the construction is finished, this place will be really nice - but until then, find another place to stay.I absolutely love this hotel as well as the food served within it (Compere Lapin), which I find overly costly but divine.  The hotel might be a bit funky for some, judging from some of the reviews, I'd say that some have stayed here who should not have (i.e. were unworthy).  The decor is sort of modernist hip and the hotel is chopped up strangely because it was indeed a warehouse for coffee.
The rooms are quite well designed, even modernist lovely, and the staff is very attentive and friendly.  The hotel is located in the Warehouse District, my new favorite area, full of great restaurants (August, Pesche, etc.) and other diversion (W.I.N.O., an excellent wine bar) and right by the Art District (galleries galore).  It's just a fifteen minute walk to my favorite excursion in NOLA, the New Orleans School of Cooking (see my review), the most educational, fun and tastiest value in NOLA.
I highly recommend this hotel!One the surface, the building is nice enough, and so are the rooms. And as far as service is concerned, there's no one or nothing in particular that can be blamed. However:
The location is crummy - a mellow walk from the parts of New Orleans you actually want to be in, but right across from the gaudy and depressing Harrah's Casino and all the trash that's drawn to it. The street is oddly dead, and the hotel is disproportionately rowdy.
The lobby shares a space with an earsplittingly loud sports bar that has no merit whatsoever. 
This is clearly a larger  hotel, meaning that service is cursory; a courteous but jaded lady at the counter avoided eye contact and stated that we were "upgraded" to a double twin bed room since there wasn't anything else available. What if we'd wanted to sleep in the same bed, or have a choice?
There's an $8.95 mandatory per-night fee for unlimited long distance phone calls, Internet, and TV. What if I don't need any of those three things? The least they could have done is tack it onto the price beforehand so we wouldn't have to be surprised with the charges at the time of check-in  (or check-out for the less aware).
The customers are of the lower class variety, even on a Sunday evening. One barefooted fool spilled half of a cheap margarita on the carpeted elevator floor and my friend's luggage before he realized what he was doing. Hey, we're all for letting the good times roll, but just don't spill on anyone else.
The room had a wood floor, which looked cool initially but was alternately sticky and slippery underfoot.
The room was cold, but the bedspread looked so skanky that I shivered it out under the sheets. 
The bed felt wobbly, saggy, and damp...
There was a dirty, moldy washcloth folded in with the rest of the towels!! If I were an investigative reporter, I'd bring my blacklight here and probably refuse to walk in through the door. But I couldn't be bothered and just threw it in the trash rather than spend a millisecond of my trip notifying the staff.
Our blinded windows faced a hallway, which meant that we were treated to the sounds of loud, drunken, and most of all stupid tourists all night long on one end and the constant buzz of a television from through the thin wall right behind our heads. At least no one was fucking.
When scheduling the shuttle back to the airport, we were told to be ready at 3:55 a.m....so we paid our $2 deposits and did just that....only to wait 25 minutes in the cold for the jerkoff to arrive. Furthermore, he took all our twenties without mentioning our $2 deposit, and none of us were about to haggle over a small sum at such an early hour. So...automatic tips from everyone for this guy - great reward for being a late ass.
Last but not least...
I GOT BITES HERE, TOO!! And I wouldn't just jump on the bandwagon to bring this place down or anything. After all, I gave the place a chance even after seeing several Yelp reviews citing the same complaint. I got bites for sure, and so did my friend...and no, they weren't from the breezy boat ride on the sparkling bayou the day before.
So...the two stars are for:
1. Providing a brilliant backdrop to photograph our costumes as the bloody Grady Twins from the Shining.
2. Assisting the comedown in returning to New York City....but that's not exactly a compliment.
I'd not come here again, and would warn others against doing so.Hotel has some age on it and staff isn't very customer friendly, but the location wasn't too bad.  If you are willing to pay $200/ night you should just move two blocks over and pay $250 and stay at a much nicer location.Somebody else said it best: dark and creepy.  I didn't feel the room was clean, which has to be a key as to how relaxed you can be in it. The pictures of bedbug bites resonated with me, but fortunately no bites on my tender flesh!  There were hairs and dead bugs in the tub, and the floor had a peculiar slant in it that nearly made me fall down. I could have overlooked all this considering we got a great price (and at least sometime you get what you pay for), but the desk staff was annoyed and ambivalent to be at work, which to me, sealed the deal.If I could give 0 stars that's what I would give it. This place is nasty. It should be called motel 77. Since you walk in it smells, carpets are dirty and everything looks like it's been bought at a garage sale. It's almost 300 dollars a night!!!! Our room smells horrible, old hard wood floors but dirty and noisy.  I couldn't sleep thinking there are bed bugs in my bed. There was an intermittent noise all night and we've asked to get a different room and they are booked so we have to stay. No window in the room. Just a hole that over looks to another room.
Do NOT be fooled by the good reviews. Look at the bad ones. Everything about all the other bad reviews are true.The hotel is cute. You get what you pay for, so there's not a lot of "extras," but it's clean, the staff's friendly, and the fitness center has fairly new equipment. Nice stay.Sleeping wise the beds are uncomfortable and the rooms don't really get cold. The floors squeak so much that you can't sleep. When neighbors are moving around. The valet is convenient however a bit expensive they do have a save and park package but I'm not too sure if it's worth it. The main issue I had with this hotel was that we never got extra towels or even got our rooms cleaned even though we stayed 3 nights. It is conveniently placed walking distance from the ruby slipper mothers and the river walk so I enjoyed my self.We loved our stay! The service was wonderful. The room was fantastic and the beds were oh so dreamy. Construction was complete when we got there. It is like a maze to find your room and they really need to put a curtain in front of the bathroom door. I was sharing a room with my son and he could see me naked getting into the shower (through the window in the door) when the light was on.I can see how this has the potential to be a great hotel, however due to construction currently it would not be somewhere I recommend at this time.
The room was small, no windows which can be a perk the night after having fun on Bourbon street, however the paper thin walls and early morning fire alarms left little to be desired.
Staff was friendly, but parking isn't included and steep prices of $30 a night, the lot across is $29 so that was a disappointment. Amenity fees of $10 a day....still not sure what those were for.
Overall cute interior details but prob would go a little closer to quarter for a better price and finished lookWe stayed here on a random Summer Tuesday and received what seemed like a great rate.  The location is terrific as it is walking distance to a number of great restaurants and bars.  The lobby is nice and the service at the desk was fine.  The associated restaurant, Compere Lapin, is one of the best and most unique in the city.  The hallways and the elevator at the Old 77 are rough-  as you walk to your room, you feel like you're in a cheap cruise ship.  Once we arrived to our room though, we felt somewhat better.  Our room was small but the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was nice.   Our experience was that the room was quiet and there was minimal street noise.  The major downside was inadequate air conditioning.  It was 76 degrees when we arrived and it barely cooled down overnight.
We spent a mostly pleasant night at the Old 77.  We would probably stay there again if we received the same discounted rate.  If we had to pay their standard rate, we would look elsewhere.  The inadequate air conditioning was the biggest issue we had there.I called in advanced to early checkin just to make sure I could at least valet and store my luggage. They were very accommodating and had a room available early. Nice and "somewhat" clean room. Just a bit dusty in some corners. I liked the vintage floor creeks and loved the decor. Kudos. Will definitely be back!The interior decor is very nice. The exposed brick adds a really nice touch. I read online that they had just done some work on this hotel in April, but I find it hard to believe. The hardwood floors look nice, but they creak very loudly. It's difficult to walk to the bathroom early in the morning without waking up the other person in bed.
The walls are practically paper thin. You could literally have a conversation with your next door neighbor. I woke up several times in the middle of the night because I could hear the people above and beside us. Oh and remember the creaky floors? Very loud when someone above you is walking. 
Not worth the price if you could have better comfort elsewhere for the same price.I really loved the hip style of the hotel. Decor is great in lobby and bedroom, but the hallways are not great. I'm taking stars off because the room was so poorly done!! First, when we came back around 2:30 pm, the room hadn't been done yet. Then, at 7 it was done, but so badly! Both beds were badly done with untucked sheets and messy throws. There was a lot of debris on the floor (where from?!) The bed's headboard was titled (yes, my sons shifted it hosing around, but one would expect the service to straighten it, no?) there was even a plastic water bottle left on the floor. I really had never seen this in a hotel before. Oh well...I recently stayed here for four nights and had a great experience. I was a little apprehensive after seeing some negative reviews about the cleanliness and the service, but neither were ever a problem during our stay. 
From the moment we arrived the service was nothing but friendly and hospitable from the people at the front desk to the guys out front who helped with luggage and valet parking. We were able to check in a little early and were met with a beautiful, clean room.  I loved the room setup and it definitely had a decor that kind of reminded me of the Ace Hotel, but was still was distinctly it's own. I loved the exposed brick, the wood flooring, the red and blue accents, and even the bathroom door I was feeling. The beds weren't super comfortable (kinda hard), but everything else in the room was so on point it barely bothered me. We opted out of housekeeping during our stay (we're kind of the embarrasing type of slobs), but when you opt-out you're given credit towards the mini bar in your room, which was a nice touch. The walls are pretty thin, but it didn't seem like the hotel was super booked during the majority of our stay so I only ever really heard (or even saw) other people in the hallways towards the end of the week, but nothing of the disruptive sort. 
The hotel location is convenient because it's a straight 10 minute walk or so to the French Quarter but also in walking distance to great restaurants and galleries in the area. Plus it's super close to the casino and the Riverwalk. But the hotel restaurant, Compere Lapin was also really great for lunch, and the cafe serves pretty great breakfast options in the morning. 
Overall, I would without a doubt return to this place.Not Worth It. Too many other really good hotels in New Orleans to ever stay here again. Pricey and hoping you'll think the "warehouse" atmosphere is cool and you won't notice the cheap plastic furnishings, cramped bathroom, dirty windows and lack of any kind of soundproofing. No self parking, only the $45 valet parking. There is a mini bar in the room which most hotels have stopped providing. But believe me, you can do better.I really like this hotel, the rooms are clean and the restaurant is really good. The staff is also really friendly and helpful. 
The only BIG CON is the difficulty to sleep. It looks like there were some works on the street and our last night of stay they started early AT NIGHT and stopped at 5 AM.So, we pull into New Orleans for the night and have chosen Old No 77 to stay in as they accept pets. To be honest I was not expecting much but was pleasantly surprised at this little gem. The parking and valet were very nice. The front desk loved our dog and set us up in our room. We take the elevator to the second floor and navigate the maze and find that room and walk in. I am telling you it was all good.  The brick walls and the decor all went together and we were instantly at ease and felt at home, more importantly the dog was loving all the attention she got from the staff and was not freaking out on this first road trip.
We head out to the town and are not able to get 20 feet without someone stopping to pet the dog and ask a ton of questions. Love New Orleans!!!
And yes we felt very safe walking everywhere. Finding grass for the dog was challenging but there is a park behind the hotel within walking distance that worked out great. Again we had no issues at night or any time of the day.
Anyway, we wake up the next morning to hit the road and go downstairs to pack up thinking we will grab something to eat on the way but then notice the breakfast spread on the way out. To pass that bad boy up would be a horrible mistake. So we alter the plan and take a table with the dog. I swear we get one of everything, it all looked great and the again the staff is awesome. 
So yes, if your looking for a great place to stay that has a great location that is walking distance to all the fun then check this place out. If your looking for a great friendly place that will love your pet and not give you any crap like other places, then this is the place, again they could not have been nicer.It's not a 5 - star hotel, but it's not a roach motel either. We ended up staying here for a weekend after buying a groupon for  one room with a queen size bed. 
When we arrived, we got our room on the fourth floor. It had an enclosed window. (When we looked out, all we could see was a room's window across the hallway). Our friends also checked into a room, with no window and all walls. We both went down to exchange our rooms. Since they did not have any queen beds left, we settled on another room with double beds and a better window. The rooms were nice with the exposed brick and wood floors, but the beds aren't too comfortable...but they will do for a short stay. If you stay here, make sure you ask for a room with nice large windows where you can see the outside street!
When you check-in, you will pay $9.95/night (mandatory) for buffet breakfast and unlimited wi-fi. The breakfast was disappointing at best. Warm milk, a few cereals, muffins and bread and a waffle maker.  Just don't count on a decent meal. 
Other than that...for the price we paid on groupon...we weren't expecting much. It was worth the price we paid and a short 5-minute walk to Jackson Square, the French Quarter and Bourbon street. The hotel is also on the backside of Harrah's.This hotel was everything I thought it would be and more.  Friendly staff at check-in which took just about 5 minutes. Our King bed room was huge and I loved the artsy feel of the room decor and the bed was really comfy.  The lobby is cool, has a nice vibe and we enjoyed hanging out listening to the music in comfortable chairs after getting a drink from the bar.  We even ate at the restaurant and it was a nice surprise (delicious!) with a French flair.  
This hotel is in walking distance to Harrah's, the Convention Center, the outlet mall and French Quarters - can't beat the location!!  The staff is very friendly and after I couldn't find a  bottle opener for the Amstel Light I bought, I asked a lady worker in the hall and she went out of her way to bring me one when she found out I didn't have one in the room.  
Got this room at a great rate for $99/night, and at such a great deal I had booked two rooms, one for us and one for another family, just in case, since we were in New Orleans for the Junior National Volleyball championship.  
One tip:  Check pricing of room rates (as indicated in another review) a few days before you arrive and check-in to see if the rates dropped.  I'm sure this hotel will honor a price drop if you ask them about it before you check-in.
Oh, and Joshua Carpenter was very efficient in handling a credit to my credit card (even though I noticed it almost 3 weeks later) for a discrepancy that happened due to the double room booking I had done.  
I will definitely book at the Old No 77 the next time I'm in New Orleans.  We totally enjoyed our stay there!!This was probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed in! I picked the hotel because the pictures on websites looked so pretty. It looked very charming with exposed brink in the bedrooms. When we arrived we were greeted by a valet and walked to our room, The lobby and the hallway had exposed brick and our first room had some exposed brick, but was not charming like I was expecting. We had a pretty good view of the city so I was happy.  The only problem was that we noticed the wood floor was rotting near the bathroom and the bathtub was clogged. They sent a repair guy for the tub, but they decided to move us to another room because of the wood rot. The second room was HORRIBLE!!!  It had no brick and no windows except one that faced the indoor hallway! There was also a couple of strands of long purple hair in the bathroom that was never cleaned during our entire stay. We complained about the situation at the end of our trip and the only thing they did was refund us a cleaning fee. I still think they should charged us less for the room, because it was worse than our first room! Besides that, the bar attached to the hotel had bugs in their alcohol and the valets were very rude. We won't be back.....Not a bad stay, but adjust your expectations accordingly. The rooms are spacey, have a classic look but the features are spartan. You get a coffee machine, a phone and a TV. Customer service was hit or miss. We got several calls about our card being declined, and it turned out they were calling the wrong room. Housekeeping was outstanding.  Door men were either surely or very helpful..not much middle ground. The desk personnel were totally useless when it came to information about the city, especially after hours. But during normal day hours the concierge staff was one of the best I've ever seen. If you want outstanding service with all the trimmings, this isn't the place. But if you are looking for a place to lay your head on a budget only 3 blocks from French Quarter..book it.I an not overly impressed here.  The ten dollar per day room fee is annoying.  A ceiling tile fell in the bathroom while I was in there and to repair it they just put the same tile right back up.  We didn't get washcloths replaced in our towels one day.   Everyone was very pleasant and friendly, though.I've never stayed in a room with no windows. I have to admit, it's a little freaky for anyone who isn't a vampire. Waking up in the morning and going to bed was a bit strange without seeing any outside light for a sense of time. But hey, anything to save a couple of bucks, amiright?!
Speaking of savings, while the hotel does offer valet parking, there is a fabulous paid parking lot located directly across the street from the entrance of the hotel. Either option is pricey-remember that you're located in the middle of the city-but you can definitely save a few bucks by parking on your own.
The hotel is just recently renovated, so while it might be in its name, there isn't anything "old" about it! I love the boutique vibe! The lobby is shared with the hotel's restaurant and at most times very lively. The hotel is a smaller, so there aren't very many levels, but that's a good thing because there are only two elevators and they run on the slow side. 
So, as I mentioned, my friend and I opted for the windowless room because we thought it was a pretty good deal for around $110 a night. You'd think that the lack of windows would make it dreary, but with the modern décor and loft style, we honestly didn't even miss the windows! The room was a good size and I was really pleasantly surprised. The bed, bedsheets, and robe they provide were super comfy!
Location is perfect! Everything you'd want to get to is a really convenient walk away, but I thought it was just far enough away from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon Street. Noise at night isn't a problem, and the hotel is secure in the sense that after a certain time you'll need to get buzzed in. Lots of really great restaurants are located nearby, and anything else is a short Uber/cab ride away. 
Would definitely recommend this place for anyone seeking a hotel in the New Orleans area. The one minus for me was the fact that on the second day of our stay, for some reason, the water to the hotel was cut. After a looong night out, all I wanted was a shower! The hotel didn't have any kind of contingency plan or estimated timeline for when the water would be back on. Since our trip was so short (3 days), I decided to forgo showering for the sake of being able to explore, but man that was one really stinky morning, haha!Loved this hotel! The lobby smells amazing. The rooms were cute and decorated nicely. The beds are super comfortable. I'd definitely stay here again. On our last day there we had their breakfast and it was delicious. The coffee is pretty good too. I highly recommend staying here it's walking distance to a lot of restaurants.The best new hotel in this city! The room we stayed in was spacious and the bed was like sleeping on a cloud. Bed linens are made of 
Egyptian cotton imported from Italy. Everything about this hotel is modern. The staff was top notch from the time we checked in until we checked out. I asked for a 1pm checkout and it was granted. Late check out is a big deal for me. Parking across the street is reasonable for $25 for 24 hours and hotel valet is $32. Some of the reviews have suggested parking your car on the street after 6pm and moving it to a lot for the early bird special before 8am. Street parking is enforced Mon-Sat 8am-6pm. When we checked out of the hotel today there was a few cars with those bright orange tickets on the windshields.Very cool hotel with a great location in walking distance of many great restaurants and entertainment. Great coffee and pastries in lobby, and very cool art work around lobby. Rooms are basic with an industrious vintage feel. I did have issues getting hot water in shower and once during visit all water was cut off. Also poor lighting in rooms if that matters to youThis hotel was such a great deal and absolutely unique and charming. If you're looking for perfect, plain, conformative hotels please don't stay here. Go stay at a chain hotel. This place is charming and sweet and made my trip to Nola perfect. The breakfast was a little skimpy but with all the great food places in the area, who wants to eat hotel breakfast anyways?! Every single staff member was polite and seemed to genuinely care about us and our needs. Yes our floors creaked. Yes some paint was peeling. Yes the outlets were lopsided... But c'mon people it's an old warehouse not the hilton. The Ambassador is convienient to all sorts of cool New Orleans things. We didn't travel with a car bc Nola is a walking city but be prepared to pay for parking if you drive here. I absolutely I've this hotel and will definitely be back in the future!!!My fiance and I are planning to have our wedding in New Orleans and needed a place to stay while we looked about for wedding venues and such. I found a Groupon for "The Ambassador" and thought it was a good place to be - near enough to the French Quarter that we could walk there, while being far enough away that we could step away from it all.
I'm sad the hotel has such poor reviews. I'll admit, after reading some of the reviews I was alarmed that I had made the wrong choice. Nightmares of cockroaches and bedbugs and unidentified stains on sheets and towels began to plague me. But upon arriving at the hotel, my fears were immediately put to rest.
The staff at the front desk has been very helpful and courteous during our three day stay. One young man in particular (I'm afraid I don't know his name as I didn't catch a name tag - but he's quite youthful looking with reddish hair and a kind nature) seems to have been working non-stop since we arrived. I haven't seen him not tending the front desk yet! But even despite the long hours he is clearly working, he is always very respectful and kindly opens the doors for us as we go out. Last night, during a bitter cold evening, he went out and stood half way down the street for about five minutes just to hail us a cab so we could stay inside and keep warm. He's an exceptional attendant and I'm glad our experience has been with him.
I'm glad that I read some of the reviews to prep myself. Since the reviews mentioned the $40 valet parking, we just left my car at a friends house for the weekend. We can get to the French Quarter with no issues on foot so we didn't need the car for the weekend.
I also heard the breakfast was rather mediocre so I didn't worry myself with getting up at 7:00am. Instead I slept in happily and then my fiance and I crawled out of bed around 10:00 and went out to find us something more than muffins and bagels. No love lost there! 
The room itself has been lovely. The lady I spoke to at the front desk took my request for a room with an outside view into consideration and put us into a space with a nice, large window for some natural light. The room was absolutely clean - nothing at all dirty about it. I think some people just mistake the "age" of the place for "dirty". True, the floors have seen some years and are a little squeaky...but so are my Grandmother's floors back at her place and she keeps her house immaculate. The bed creaks a bit but nothing more than my bed at home does. The shower faucets are a little old but it doesn't keep it from working exactly as it should.
I've been very impressed with the attention to housekeeping. I was a little disappointed to return one day and realize our bed hadn't been made while we were out - but a very kind and apologetic letter from housekeeping was left on the bed saying that she couldn't make the bed because my purse was sitting on it and he/she couldn't move it. While I would have had no issues at all with her/him moving it, I did absolutely respect the fact that this seems to be a hotel policy (and likely a wise one at that - to help protect housekeeping from blames of stolen property). So the next time I went out I made sure to move my bag - and when I returned, the room was perfect. 
I've had a wonderful experience here and i would recommend it to others. It's a lovely, comfortable hotel that seems right for the price. Thank you, Ambassador, for making my "wedding shopping weekend" a pleasant and stress-free one.Stayed here in July 2014 because we got a Groupon. The only positive thing I have to say is that the hotel was centrally located near many things. The hotel itself is a little older, not much charisma. Our room was dirty. The shower curtain needed to be replaced, the floor felt dirty when walking bare foot, the toilet wasn't properly cleaned. I could go on and on. I would never stay here again and it wasn't worth the almost $100 we spent each night.I always stay at this hotel. It's really my go to. I live in Baton Rouge so I make it to New Orleans fairly regularly and I've never had a complaint about this place. Of course it's not going to be the most quiet place in the city when comparing it to Loews or and other corporate hotel. However, for the price and the awesome guest services (including the awesome Compere Lapin restaurant downstairs)(....and the awesome coffee at Tout La) this place rates top three hotels for me in the city. Which is a huge accomplishment in my book.Ambassador is a cute hotel with a great location.  It's close enough to walk into the heart of the French Quarter but far enough away so that you're not kept up all night by debauchery.  Staff is friendly and helpful.  I saw someone mention something about frauds calling to get your cc info- upon check-in, we received a notice to not give away our info (so at least the hotel informed their guests about this) to anyone who calls.  
The reason I took away a star is that it was a bit difficult to sleep.  I came back drunk and tired every night (oh bourbon street, i love you), so falling asleep wasn't difficult at all, but we would be woken up by two really annoying things: 1.  A family upstairs running around (either the walls are really thin or we just had the bad luck of staying underneath a family who really liked to stomp their feet and play tag) and 2. The blinds were messed up so the light shined through and woke me up every morning before 7am, so each morning I had to pull the blankets over my head.
New Orleans is an amazing place, and The Ambassador is a great place, but somebody please order the rooms new blinds!My wife and I stayed here 7/27 - 7/29/2015. I was looking forward to our stay here, but was quickly starting to think twice upon arrival starting with the valet parking attendant. This hotel is on a fairly busy street and valet left my vehicle running for anyone to drive off in it. Then the design of the hotel is like a run down old world hostel complete with dim lit hall ways with nasty stained carpet and dark walls had that creepy feeling someone was going to come up from behind at any moment. Our room was and the far side of the hotel on the west side and the elevator was next to an emergency exit that is suppose to sound an alarm when opened... Um no it doesn't we came back from the French Quarter Fairly late and the door was open for any one to get in of the street. I would not recommend this hotel to any single women for safety reasons. The beds are vary comfortable and it is very close to the French Quarter and the Garden district and Harrah's Casino is right around the corner. I for one will not ever stay here again.I stayed at the Ambassador hotel while I was in New Orleans for a convention.  I'll admit, I had little to do with the booking of it, so I can't say much about how the place advertises itself.  And I can't complain too much, since I didn't do any research to find anything better.  That being said; if this place bills itself as anything other than "rustic", then they're lying.
Sure, the place looks pretty nice from the outside.  It has the classic feel that fits in pretty well with the rest of the area.  The bar/restaurant that is open to the street looks like it would be a nice place for a drink.  Even the lobby, while certainly worn-looking, isn't as scary as it could be.
The rooms are an entirely different story.
See, apparently we reserved the Cave Room.  It was located in the middle of the second floor, therefore we had no windows.  Okay, that's not entirely true, there are windows in the wall, but they open on to the hall outside.  The two lights that were present in the far corners of the room may have combined to about 7 watts.  And not that we reserved a suite, but the simple layout of the room gave very little space for movement or anything much if you weren't sitting on the beds.  Hot water was in short supply, but it's not like you would want to stay in the bathroom for too long.  It looked like someone tried to kick through the adjacent wall into our shower stall.  I should have gone next door and told them it wasn't any better over here.
Give this one a pass, there are a number of significantly better options in the area for comparable prices.  If you have to go here, make sure you at least get a room that has a window that faces the outside world (not the hallway).Ok, after years and years at The W or the Workout room @ the Westin, we have a new fav for the quick night over in Nola! LOVE this hotel! First, the location is perfect. Open parking lot right across the street, easy & quick in & out. Walk to the quarter, all the shopping areas & the many, many amazing restaurants in the warehouse district! We chose the king loft room, giving us a large window and spacious open area. I love the 30's / 40's style furniture, exposed brick, artwork and open shower. The comfy bed & over head ceiling fan, a HUGE plus! 
What really wowed us was the pastry bar  downstairs! Absolutely incredible! We didn't get to try the restaurant Compere Lapin this trip. But after eating these pastries, will make a special trip for this. Not kidding, they are that good!! 
All in all, trendy, sexy (can you say that about a hotel?) and comfortable! Yep, see this place a lot in our near future!
Oh, and to add, because of some of the other reviews... We were greeted professionally upon arrival and checked in with in 3 minutes! Customer service at the bar that evening & the pastry bar the next morning was spot on!Hmmm not there yet - someone else booked for me - would rather be at the Omni in the French Quarter - this is cool ish but looks worn out and trying too hard - will report back to see if they take care of me or pretend - if it were The Bowery Hotel in NY I'd know it was luxurious but funky looking - this looks funky full stop, hold the luxuryI did not enjoy my stay the Ambassador.  And I'm not that hard to please.  I stayed a total of 3 nights there over my birthday weekend, and my room was never cleaned not once by house keeping.  There was also an issue getting fresh towels...and the front desk continued to make excuses about that stating, "its a busy weekend, people are housing over 8 ppl per room, etc, etc".. I don't need to hear that.  What I need to hear, is, "I apologize. Someone will get you some towels as soon as possible".  If you know its a busy weekend, you should be prepared for it. 
To make matters worse, the manager on duty was very condescending.  After expressing my issue that the room was not cleaned, he promised to have it cleaned before our return.  We returned 5 hours later,  and the room still was not cleaned.  I called the front desk and said that my room was still not cleaned, so he bought the service maid to our room and she claimed that we told her to come back later.  I found it very unprofessional to address this issue in front of the employee.  It felt like he was trying to place the blame on the customer, and not his staff.  He tried to make excuses and to place the blame on the customer as to why the hotel staff/service was lacking.... and I also found it disturbing how he handled the matter.  The service maid wasn't very pleasant either, and I didn't feel comfortable with her cleaning our room at that point, so we just toughed it out.  The only reason that this hotel got 2 stars is because the bellman were actually the only nice people on staff, and the location was convenient...but that does not excuse the customer service.  Even though the hotel was not the cleanest I've seen(carpeting, bathroom) I actually got over that being that we didn't spend a lot of time in our hotel room.  And I didn't mind the old vintage decorum...my MAIN issue was the service, awful, just awful.  I didn't receive an apology nor any type of compensation and I will never stay there again.My daughter and I had a wonderful experience at the Old 77 Feb. 20-23. The room was spacious and spotless. The staff attentive and warm. We have stayed at exceptional hotels in NYC and Miami, for example The Bowery and The 1 Hotel. The Old 77 was on par. 
 This hotel has a hip, fun vibe. Situated in a trio of old factories, there's great architectural detail. Location is central with a focus on art. Short cab rides or a 10 minute walk to the French Quarter. 
 We would not hesitate to book this hotel again!Great walking distance to bourbon street! I have never stayed in an older hotel before but this was a great experience. Friendly, warm staff with semi updated rooms. I was only the third floor and every ice machine was broken, luckily the staff rushed some over too me. That was my only peeve!I would like to give a shout out to Mary and Martha Archer as they helped to safe guard my bag that I left in my hotel room. I was in a panic when I got to the airport and realized I didn't have my purse. I called the hotel and spoke with Mary who was so kind to search the lobby and front outside bench. As I was waiting for someone to check my room, Mary kept coming back on the line to reassure me that they were still looking. I was so relieved to know it was found in my room as I had several pieces of jewelry which weren't valuable but were special to me since they were gifts from my mother. Martha kept my bag in her office and assisted me with the shipping order. I was so delighted to receive my belongings back. I cannot thank you ladies enough. I would recommend the Old No 77 Hotel not only because it's a unique and beautiful but also because they have an awesome staff. Everyone was super friendly and helpful. It was centrally located to everywhere we wanted to go as well.This was a great choice. The rooms are amazing. My husband had narrowed it down between this and the Hyatt. He made the right choice. The people were very friendly and helpful. The rates were very reasonable! We had an amazing three days here.Great location for a little less.  Close to the French quarter and river.   Quick to find off the interstate.  The Ambassador was in the middle of renovation, otherwise I would have given a higher rating.  The room we got was one of the recently remodeled rooms.  Beautiful!!.  They kept the rustic floor and red brick wall mixed with modern decorative furniture and lighting.  Complete new bath.  Very clean.  Very good friendly service.  The big disappointment was the continental breakfast for which they added $9.00, it was a cluster f___.  One little room, the size of our hotel room, to accommodate a couple of tables and breakfast for an entire hotel.  If my math is correct, our floor had at least 40 rooms, times 3 floors;  that's a lot of folks to accommodate.  There were promises for a better eating area when the renovations were complete and I certainly hope this happens.  I would definitely come back but ask about the breakfast.Stay Away. My first impression was when i pulled up to the valet. No help getting luggage out nor greeted at car door. The guy just stood there and watched and I was traveling solo so it's not like I was letting other guest out and leaving luggage with them to go self park the car. Cool. I'm a able bodied young man so It's not like i was incapable of retrieving luggage from my car but still when you're in the customer service business there needs to be some modicum of CUSTOMER SERVICE. Walk up to the front desk. I'm standing right there in from of the person checking in customers. have to wait for him to finish his conversation with another co work before he greeted me...strike two.
NOISE: As previously stated in another review YOU CAN HEAR EVERYTHING from within your room: doors slamming and people going in and out. Strike three. 
The final straw that broke the camels back to write this review is that as I was returning from Mandeville for a wedding, I went to my middle compartment (where I last left my cable to charge my phone) my charging cable was gone. I'm not implying valet stole it but last i checked cables don't come with legs. Asked the guy who valeted my car upon arrival and of course he hadn't a clue. Asked the guy at the front desk and he said that the manager of valet was not in today. It was a fruitless effort. It ends with arriving to my room at 3:15 after a full day of being gone and it still had not been turned over. 
Do yourself a favor and spend your money at another more reputable establishment. 
*rooms are small, satellite cable is shoddy, wifi is ok.The rooms aren't great but they are priced good. they are under new management, the beds are good, linens are nice. I did have 2 people key into my room, once was in the middle of the night. I also had mouse dropping fall out of the bathroom fan. I NEVER saw a mouse or bugs. I did reserve 2 rooms at the same time and could not get them together, that was not a HUGE problem though. I got one night refunded. Overall, an okay experience.We hosted a large group at the Ambassador hotel for a conference. The rooms were modest but perfect for our need, the hotel staff was amazing and the bar was super fun. I would highly recommend this hotel as a great alternative to the over priced corporate properties in NOLA.I wont lie, after reading several reviews about remodeling and construction I was a little nervous to arrive at our hotel. Fortunately, we were surprised by a fully renovated hotel with a great ambiance. The hotel theme was cozy and welcoming from the lobby to our room. 
We also enjoyed the friendly and welcoming staff, especially Ryan and Justin at the front desk who offered us directions and suggestions on places to see and visit during our trip. They also made the check in/out process quick and easy.
The location was also perfect for us. We were walking distance to the Warehouse District, Canal Street, French QUarter, Bourbon, and even had a casino and shopping mall a couple of blocks down.
Our hotel stay was hands down one of our favorite parts of our New Orleans stay. I would definitely recommend it and would consider staying here again if I am to return to NOLA!!An incredible stay!! Walking distance to literally everything.. No need for any public transportation to the major streets. Also a big thing was the great customer service, wifi, and staff assistance!This place is disgusting!! I've lived in New Orleans for years and was just passing through for a quick overnight stay. I used expedia and they were quick to sell me a "cheap" room. By the time everyone took their resort fees and service charges I could have paid for a nice room somewhere. The service was horrible, the jerk at the desk watched me struggle with my  bags before he even said hello. The room was DISGUSTING!!!! The toilet wouldn't flush, there was a huge hole  on the side of the bathtub that bugs were coming in from. The carpet had huge gross stains and the view from my window was a brick wall and a pile of garbage. I will never stay here again and will tell anyone who's will to listen just how horrible this experience was. And I get lots and lots of requests for suggestions of places to stay in New Orleans.Yeah. You get what you pay for. Place is a bit rough around the edges.  Our bathroom had seen better days. We didn't have any problems with service but we didn't really ask for anything out of the ordinary.  I won't be coming back, but for a place on the cheap, it's fine.Lovely rooms and amazing staff. Everything was clean and beautiful, and there is art everywhere. The staff could. It be more friendly. Will definitely be back on our next trip.Ok so I may have overreacted a tad bit when I first stepped in my room, though it is still quite a crummy place. Definitely not a boutique hotel as described! My room (on the 2nd floor) was unleveled and made me feel very dizzy. It was also windowless, which was odd. Bathroom was also very dingy and was not completely cleaned when I checked in (hair in the tub and sink...ewww!). I will say though, that it was in an overall fairly convenient location. Parking by the sidewalk across the street is free if you're lucky and find one (from 6pm-8am, though double check by reading the signs).Okay, considering the fact that when you are in NOLA, you spend all the time in the hotel sleeping and the rest of the time out and about, this works. The hotel is in walking distance to nearly anything you could want to see. The lobby was great and there is a bar adjacent. The room we had, was fairly small and the floor creaked, but everything was clean and comfortable, and surprisingly enough the bathroom was really nice. The air conditioning was great and anyone who has walked around New Orleans for very long, knows that is a must! 
The staff on hand, for the two days we were there, were very helpful. They complied to any request we had and helped us find places to eat.
Overall, our stay was great!This hotel went above and beyond our expectations. From the start they made sure our stay was going to be amazing and they did not disappoint. We were greeted by Melvin at the door, who was friendly and more than happy to take care of our bags for us. We were checked in at the front desk by Mary, who has an amazing personality and is super passionate about her job. Our room was super clean, well designed and had an amazingly comfortable bed. On our last day we got a chance to meet the manager John, also friendly, who suggested some places where we could go eat on our last day and thanked us for our stay. Overall, the hotel is amazing. When we come back to New Orleans we will definitely be staying here again. Thanks again Mary, Melvin, John and the entire ld No.77 hotel staff. You guys have been the best.The Ambassador hotel is a small, convenient hotel located near the Quarter, making it a rather busy place to stay.  When entering the hotel, it seems as though it is a bit rustic, with beautifully exposed brick walls.  The staff are extremely accommodating and the concierge is as friendly as could be.  However, take note that there is a mandatory fee for wi-fi...even if you don't use it (around 10 bucks).  The immediate charm of the place fades quickly once you enter the rooms. 
 I cannot say that my personal experience will be the same as everyone else's, for we only stayed in one room.  However, the room was quite dirty, with a bathroom that had paint peeling, a dirty shower curtain and black hairs on the floor.  It was pretty disgusting and although we didn't plan on staying in our hotel all day long, it was dirty enough for us to think twice about staying there at all.  
Additionally, the walls are nowhere near sound proof and the individual doors for each room barely provide any sense of privacy.  It seemed as though we could hear everything going on in the hallway and room next door.  The lack of privacy and the condition of the rooms did not hold the same charm as the entryway of the Ambassador and I can say that we will definitely not be staying at this location in the future.I was skeptical about booking a room after reading the reviews but I am glad I ended up staying here! Sure the hotel needs work. However, I was aware of them remodeling when I had booked the room and don't have any major complaints considering the construction. 
   To those who had complained about the building; If you didn't enjoy the exposed brick, high ceilings and the older feel, you shouldn't have booked a room here! Besides many businesses in the warehouse district are in run down buildings so if you want an up-to-date room, pony up the money and stay somewhere else!
   Fortunately, I was partially in town to gamble and didn't have to deal with parking at the hotel. Harrah's is 2 blocks away and if you play for 30 min, you receive 24 hours of free parking. To me, that beats the $30+ that most places charge you to park in this area.
   My only complaint about my stay was that I was on the first floor, close to the elevators and was often woken up by people in the hallway... Guess I should have gotten to bed at a decent hour like everyone else ;) 
To some it up, if you don't plan on being in the room much and are looking for a good deal, this is the best value in town! Easy walk to French Quarter and friendly staff...
My favorite part of the area was by far the art and architecture. The night life and food is also very enjoyable. I will definitely be back!Awesomeness!  Great new hotel.  Beautiful spaces, with unique character.  Excellent service. Right in the middle of everything! Competitively priced. Valet. Coffee bar, restaurant,  bar...can't say enough!Great hotel and great staff! The bar is amazing! The rooms are well appointed and very New Orleans styled. The only complaint we had was the it was loud at night after we went to sleep.Wow the 77 is a beautiful hip hotel. Great vibe, cool lobby, awesome restaurant. 
The location is amazing with a couple bars within 15 feet. With people everywhere I couldn't hear anything. 
There were a few downers unfortunately. 
I called the valet and they never showed up for my bags. The towels couldn't be lower quality. I would imagine better ones in a hostile. I brought my pooch as they have a full page post about how they are dog friendly. 
The guy behind the counter but nothing in the vip dog package was offered. 
Over an amazing hotel.I'm just going to tell you the facts about our experience here without comment, except to say that we're not picky by any means. My boyfriend and I had just driven 18 hours, four of them in standstill traffic due to Hurricane Issac. So we were really happy to get to a hotel- any hotel. 
When we got to the Ambassador around midnight, there was a long line moving very slowly at check-in. I had called ahead to check our reservation and that the building had electricity. The first set of keys we were given were to a room that was already occupied.
The second set of keys were for a room that was totally disassembled; just mattress frames lying on the floor. 
The third set of keys turned out to be to another room that was already occupied. After carrying our luggage back downstairs to wait in line for a fourth time, the desk manager admitted that he had no idea which rooms were occupied already. He said that the hurricane had affected their system. (When I had called earlier that evening to check on the electricity, he told me they weren't affected by the storm at all. )
The fourth set of keys were for a room that had three extra mattresses on the floor, taking up most of the room. Only one bed had sheets on it, and the room clearly had not been cleaned. There were no towels and no soap. I was exhausted, so instead of going back to the front desk, I called. The front desk manager was rude to me, told me our reservation through Expedia had been cancelled, then told me to come back downstairs for another room.
Back in the lobby, I spoke to another guest who had been waiting for 3 hours for a room he'd already reserved and paid for. The rest of his party were asleep on the furniture in the lobby.
The front desk manager left the desk and went to a back room. While I was waiting, my boyfriend called Expedia, who assured him the reservation had never been cancelled. 
We just slept in the dirty room, after hunting for towels and a toilet plunger for the stopped-up toilet. The next day, we were charged again for the "unfinished' room we'd already paid for. It took half an hour to get a refund on one of the charges, then we paid extra beyond what Expedia charged- for "amenities." 
Not once did any employee of the hotel apologize to us.We stayed here recently & the staff was super nice. We got a free upgrade on our room as well. It was very clean & quiet which was exactly what we wanted! Also had some character and it was different than your typical hotel. The shower was amazing, very big and relaxing. Would definitely stay here again!I will say first I didn't stay at this hotel but I was going too. Had to cancel my reservations since we changed our dates. Took me 45 minutes of calling back and forth and leaving messages to get some assistance. Once I did get a hold of a human she was really rude and short. Tho the cancelation process was easy and I got fully refunded. After talking with her I'm glad we didn't stay. Seems the reviews of all the rude staff is true.Worst hotel stay. Room was filthy, hotel was too. Nothing like the photos on webpage. Loud noise coming from walls that lasted all night. So dirty I "slept" aka listened to noise, in my clothes and shoes. Bathroom flooded around 5am into hotel room. Left first thing in the am and canceled my following night. Would never recommend this hotel. Would rather sleep at the airport and risk it.The best thing about this hotel is Ray! He is the first person you see when arriving, he remembers your name, and makes it a truly wonderful experience. Ray welcomed me on my solo trip to NOLA, greeted me by my first name for the 3 days I stayed there, and was extremely helpful in all things I needed to know. Not to mention he is so genuinely sweet! I was hoping for an early check in, and Ray made sure to ask me every hour If someone has helped me get my room yet. He is everything that customer service should be in this industry! Thank you Ray, for truly making my stay here everything I hoped for it to be!I'll give them 4 stars because I was happy for the most part and would stay here again, but it was nothing special. My friend and I stayed two nights from Monday 3/3 to Wednesday 3/5 (last two days of Mardi Gras). After I booked the hotel, I was a little concerned after reading some of the reviews on here, but we ended up being pleasantly surprised.
Pros:
-Awesome location. We were a 10 minute walk from Bourbon Street, and there was a night parade literally outside our window. 
-The decor was beautiful. We loved the exposed brick walls/European feel to the room, and the windows facing the hall were a cool touch.
-Beds were very comfy and BIG!
-Staff/Valet guys were very nice for the most part (see Con #1 below)
-It was freezing cold out, and the heat worked without a hitch. I know this is to be "expected" but I've stayed at really expensive hotels where the heat...doesn't work.
Cons:
-We got there early (driving time was shorter than we anticipated), and when I stopped in to see if there was an option for early check in, I was greeted by a VERY rude girl at the front desk. She acted like I was inconveniencing her by showing my face before 4 PM check in. 
-$40 a night PLUS a $10 "convenience fee." I understand it's Mardi Gras, but we would have stayed at a more expensive hotel with a better parking deal if we had known about this. 
-Was there free breakfast? Any kind of room service? I looked in all the books that were in our room, and all I saw was an announcement for the concierge service.
-Squeaky/slippery floors in our room, but that's not a big deal.I recently stayed there and woke up with bite marks and soo itchy..I can hear the next room guests walking back an forth. At times it sounds like they were in our room. In the middle of the night my husband and i would hear water dripping noise which woke us up. There is a concierge desk but there isn't anybody there, ever. Every time we call for the valet no one would pick up. The wood floor in the rooms are soooo old u can see the cracks in between it filled with dirt and other things. It was a HORRIBLE experience. Oh the free breakfast, i found mold on my husband's bagel. I will never recommend this place nor will i ever go back to it.Absolutely loved this place. Great location. The concierge, Ryan, was incredibly helpful. Really helped make our stay more memorableI read several older bad reviews of this place, but my experience was very reasonable. It is a lot like staying at your grand mothers house. The furniture is nicked, the beds are not as soft, the bath room could use some remodeling.
But, that is not to say that is was bad at all. There was no cleanliness problem, the staff was cheerful and helpful. It's close to the french quarter and very close to other area interests we had. And the price is very reasonable. So, if you wold rather spend your money shopping, eating, and drinking instead on a room that you really just pass out in anyway (LOL), I'd say it is a solid choice.Clean, Friendly and convenient. Beautiful rooms with hardwood floors and exposed bricks. Interior walls are thin so you could hear other hotel guest and the bathroom could use an update and new fixtures but overall a great stay!We needed to find a place for our last two nights here in New Orleans since our timeshare wasn't available. This place didn't disappoint. The hotel was reasonably priced compare to the other hotels and was centrally located to the places we were going to. Vintage look with modern amenities. Staff was very friendly. Would definitely stay at this place again if our timeshare isn't available.I've never wanted to leave a hotel before it was time to check out and I can't wait to get out of here. There's nails sticking out of the floor when we entered. The shower goes all over the bathroom because there's no door. I won't be getting ANY sleep because of all of the noise outside. It's like literally just being outside. The only reason we came was because it was pet friendly and at first we were excited because they treated us well upon checking in and helped us get our bags upstairs. But then we needed something out of our car that we spent $40 to valet and it's a whole ordeal that took an hour and he acted annoyed and inconvenienced. Would NEVER stay again and I should have gone with my better judgement and listened to more of the negative reviews. This. Place. sucks. And I spent over $350 for one night with dogs and valet. I feel like I shouldn't be crying myself to sleep over a waste of money. What is supposed to be a fitted sheet is just a flat sheet so I can feel the mattress against my side and feet. And it's HOT in here.. Out dated air. I wish we could leave!!! I'd have been happier if it was less expensive but not what you expect when you pay a lot. Oh and there was trash and small crap on the ground my dogs could have gotten to when we walked in. Seriously??This place is great! Awesome atmosphere and vibe. Everyone is very hospitable! The rooms are dark but after traveling over night it was perfect for a great sleep in a comfy bed  Kind of weird when the shower door would slide open by itself, but what can you expect in an old warehouse. 
Overall, this place would be a good choice when visiting NOLA. The Warehouse district has some pretty awesome places to grab a drink and food. It's close to the Riverwalk and a short walk to Canal St and the French Quarters.Great staff, cool building, excellent location, but the noise in the room was rough. Didn't sleep well due to clanking, constant banging and general foot stomping. Loved the hardwood floors but that made it challenging so sleep with clomping neighbors!Fantastic!
My girlfriend and I found this place while eating dinner at Compere Lapin, the restaurant in the hotel (go there.  amazing meal.).  We were so smitten with the hotel that when we extended our trip, it was the only place we considered staying.
From the moment we walked in the door through our check out I had the most pleasant experience at this hotel.  Our room was so wonderfully decorated, and right outside the old fashioned hotel sign, which made for great photos.  The front desk staff was very helpful, and arranged for us to take a tour.  The gym was small but more than adequate, and always empty.  The bed was extremely comfortable.  Shower was a rainhead-type one, and was lovely.  We walked easily to the trolley, french quarter and enjoyed runs along the river.  Great location.
Things not to lovely to note:
-The floors, as other reviews state, could have been cleaner.  There was some dust/debris on the small mat at the foot of the bed, and some dust bunnies floating around.  It wasn't enough to warrant calling to have the room re-cleaned, but something that I took note of.
-Not all rooms have windows - "interior" rooms do not.  I figured this out before I checked in, and called to upgrade to a room with windows.  Just FYI.
-There isn't any outdoor space/courtyard/etc.
If I ever return to New Orleans, I would stay here again without thinking twice.Stayed the weekend here. The bed was quite comfortable. However would really like to have an easy-to-read clock somewhere in the room. A coffeemaker in the room would be great too. The hotel leaves guests no choice but to go down to purchase coffee in lobby or walk somewhere to buy it. I cannot recall the last time I stayed somewhere without coffee in the room. I will say that all staff we encountered were very pleasant and accommodating. We stayed here for an event so really could not book elsewhere. The decor was very cool however the refurbished wood floors in our room were very squeaky so felt bad for guests staying in the room beneath us. I do not think we would stay here again.1. I booked this through expedia for the weekend for $80/night. 2. I come to New Orleans OFTEN and stayed at many hotels. 3) Dont pay over $120 for this location (unless for big events) . Ive read some of the horror stories about staying here but I decided to form my own opinion.  I'm usually a Westin or Sheraton  (Canal) girl but wanted something cheap for the weekend. We were greeted by the friendliest valet ever. Nice check in as well (im always scared when booking third party). It was almost like a mini Maze getting to my room. Made me giggle. The Lafayette wing is kind of ducked off from the rest of the hotel but I heard they had bigger rooms so I requested that side. The room is probably the smallest room I've ever stayed in. Its...dainty. I wouldn't recommend this room for long period stays but a weekend trip, yes. It's not the waldorf or westin, but 2 people who spends most of their time away from the room, it will do. Yes, Had hard wood floors with a little dust in the cracks, the walls are thin but it added a lil spice ;) lol. The view is shit in my room, straight parking garage. Everything seems clean (towels, sheets, tub) but I always being my own towels and a bottle virex (Google it. Buy it from Amazon)  just in case. About 4 blocks from canal and 10 min walk to Bourbon. Hubby is on the fence but I kind of like this place. My only concern is the extra fees should just be included in the hotel price (gym, wifi) and we paid $32 + tax for valet for 2 days (New Orleans parking sucks...the money out of your Pocket lol) Would stay again if I needed a quick getaway. And I do mean quick (p.s. our bed scooted a little while "enjoying ourselves" but it just added to the "spice" lol. Wasn't a problem though)I purchased this deal through Groupon and I read some reviews and frankly was a bit worried. Let me say we did get a room overlooking the bar Barcadia and there was no noise to speak off. Next the staff are fantastic everyone I ran into or spoke with was friendly and polite. The bar is great and the restaurant is even better. I will be back again and will recommend this to anyone who is coming to New Orleans. Great location to walk everywhere and return to a cool and inviting lobby. I say enough positive things about this place but my son and I enjoyed every minute.Nice boutique hotel away from the noise of Bourbon Street. Loved the loft feel of these rooms but fair warning they are not sound proofed.  Also, the bathroom was nice but a little snug for getting ready in the mornings.This hotel was absolutely adorable. My better half and I stayed there for an entire week and have nothing negative to say about it. The room was super cute and quaint and definitely captured the southern vibe that New Orleans has to offer. Great location right in the heart of French Quarter but tucked away just a little. Close enough to walk anywhere around and hit great spots. Definitely recommend.This place is amazing the bartender is full of life. Craft cocktails my screwdriver is the best thing ive ever had. The oj is so freshA solid hotel that was fine for our boys weekend in NOLA. Could be closer to Bourbon Street but that is not the Hotels fault and we had choices but this was reasonable priced and the rooms were clean... what more do you want... not like your sleeping that much in NOLA.
Note: It is an older hotel so looking for and pointing out build defects in an old building is not fair at all... as long as it is clean with decent service. Oh... price is relative to what is going on in NOLA (i.e. a jazz festival) so plan.I snagged a room here on Priceline.  Went to check in and liked the look of the lobby.  The front desk service was slow. . . . real slow.  I couldn't pin point whether the process itself was the problem or the constant interruptions from the valet or the other front desk agent but I probably waited for 10 minutes behind a couple checking in and my process took 6-8 minutes itself.
When I arrived at my room it was ground floor.  I was worried about noise from the street but luckily didn't have any problem sleeping.  I was put in a handicap room which might be some sort of retaliation for using Priceline.
To echo other reviews:  yes, the floors squeeked.  Yes, the amenities were slightly lacking.  But I didn't mind it too much.  I did feel like the desk and the chair were going to break any second while I was using them.  The room itself was spacious.
I checked a bag as I was leaving so that I could wander around the city some.  When I came back, the bellman was nowhere to be found and no one else seemed to be able to help me with my bag.  So I waited and waited.  Not the best farewell.
In a pinch, I would stay at the ambassador again.  This should be a 2.5 star rating but I just wasn't impressed enough to take this to 3.Looking for a last minute trip for a few days which allowed for larger dogs and stumbled upon this gem.  I ended up calling during their 48 hour sale so quickly booked a king deluxe with an add on dog flat rate of $45 (great deal).   This place is modern , clean and full of personality and my pup absolutely enjoyed it.  There is a nice park just 3 blocks away and next door at Barcadia allows for pups outside.
For breakfast I ate at their restaurant ran by top chef  Nina Compton (Compère Lapin). The daily hash was outstanding but would recommend a piece of toast to soak up the perfectly cooked poached eggs and sauce.
About 10-15 walking distance from everything (Harrahs, French quarter, Jackson square, etc) I can't wait to book another trip!We stayed here for two nights and spent $400 a night per room. We had seen their website and figured they were good. We paid for the rooms months in advance (we rented two rooms) and they put everyone at completely different ends of the hotel and told us there was nothing available close to each other and there would be nothing the next day... fine whatever. We got to one of our rooms and it was hot so we called the "engineer" up to check the a/c which he said we didn't turn on properly so we said okay and hoped it would cool off and we went out for the evening. Wrong. We get back and it's 86 in the room so we call the front desk and there is absolutely nothing they can do for us and that there would be no rooms available the next day but that they would send an engineer in the morning... okay. 11am no one and showed we go down to the desk and I politely let the lady know that no one had been there to check the a/c and she gets an attitude and told us she's giving us a new room (even though we were told multiple times there were no extra rooms). Both rooms were absolutely disgusting, they do not properly clean these rooms the showers haven't been cleaned in years you can tell by all the soap scum and how discolored the grout was. The valet guy upon arrival was absolutely rude!! He kept throwing his hands in the air and making really rude unnecessary remarks because we weren't moving fast enough for him, want a tip? Lose the damn attitude!!! At one point he threw his hands in the air and was like "ohhh good god!". All because we weren't moving fast enough for him.. we never made a comment to him or had an attitude with him to deserve the treatment he gave us. And while he's rushing us to get our stuff he's rushing us to find out if our room is ready (wtf do you want I'm not two people I can't unload and go to the front desk at the same damn time) overall the whole group of us had a bad experience there and we've been to multiple hotels in New Orleans before and this was by far the worst!! I would recommend staying at the Omni, Rathbone Mansions, or the Marriott. This hotel does not deserve your money!! And on another note for grins and giggles we looked online to see if they had any rooms available because they said they didn't and they did we could book a room that night for half the price!! WTH!! So we slept in a hot room for no reason at all. Go somewhere that deserves your money because everyone here seemed to have a freaking attitude.We traveled to Nola and stayed at this hotel during the Thanksgiving week. I have to admit all of the photos online looked spectacular although that made me a bit skeptical of the usual bait and switch. However, this wasn't the case. The hotel was everything we had hoped for. The beds were comfy, the linens were clean and the location was perfect for us as we are casino goers. Keep in mind the if you're looking to be close to bourbon street you should know that you can walk about 1 mile and you're there. Or a 7 dollar uber ride. We prefer not to be amongst all the craziness however not too far in the event that we decide to carry on all night. I'm getting too old for that. With that being said I'd like to talk about the restaurant located inside the hotel. The food while not the most inexpensive place the taste was second to none. The chef really know her stuff. This includes the breakfast in the morning. I expected some overpriced eggs grits and toast...a wonderfully prepared homemade hash and eggs were to die for.  Our biggest complaint was the hotel lacked enough towels in the room. Easily rectified and they now have a repeat customer. And for those complaining about not serving bud light and only craft beers, well you folks should move on hit up bourbon street and maybe a quick bite to eat at a McDonald's. But if you're looking for something a little more hip and trendy this is your place.I feel the need to share the love with the Old No. 77.  It is a hipster hotel.  If you are looking for the Hilton, go to the Hilton.   This is different, and to me, special.  The rooms were clean, but it is older, and uses a lot of original materials.  Hundred year old wood is not as clean as windexed glass.  But, in the Hilton, you do t have an old door with WC in the beveled glass.  
Beds are comfy, and have feather comforters.  The rooms are spacious.  The tile is old, the floors a little wonky, and walls are weathered, but that it how it is intended to be. 
The restaurant / bar is hopping.  Breakfast is delicious.  Delicious avocado toast, pastries and more.  
Staff has been friendly and laid back, exactly the way a hipster hotel should be.Our first trip to NOLA and we were very happy that we booked our stay at the Old No 77. Our trip was 5 days and we were so pleased with everything during our time here. 
As soon as you walk in the front door (always held for you) you are greeted by a beautiful lobby with smiling help at the desk. We utilized their outstanding service for cab calls, best places to visit, food recommendations, etc. The price could not have been better (booked via expedia with flight). Our room was nicely designed with a huge window on the 2nd floor. The staff was always available for whatever we needed. While we did not eat at the restaurant located in the hotel (due to price and just not our taste) it came highly recommended by many. We also loved the coffee shop around the corner, take right out of hotel then first right to the end and youll see it right next to Subway.
The location was key for us. I wanted to stay away from the French Quarter, but not too far from all of the attractions. It worked out well for us to walk everywhere and take the streetcar for places 4+ miles away.
If we make our way to NOLA again we will definitely stay here!Awesome bar, better cappuccinos! The hotel half was great too, they restored the entire building... this is not your typical hotel. Its hip and fun. If you dont want to hear barcadia next door you might want to make that known to the hotel staff, otherwise this place is fantastic! My boyfriend really loved it.I loved this hotel. The staff is spectacular and the decor is A+. It was a little weird staying in a room without windows, but I slept fantastic. I stayed there during Mardi Gras and heard zero noise. The cocktails and appetizers at the hotel restaurant are excellent. The rates for the hotel were fantastic. I look forward to staying here again.The quality of the hotel pretty much matched the fairly cheap but reasonable cost of stay. The aesthetic is really nice and the one bedroom was small, but quaint. The tv and wifi were fairly slow. They take out a $75 incident fee and don't return it until days after checkout if everything looks good. The location is pretty much within 20-30 min walking distance of everything you can possibly do in New Orleans. Overall, I would definitely stay again.I had a good experience here. The front desk was friendly and helpful, as well as the concierge, Lauren, who helped us book several tours and figure out directions. The room (Queen) we had was very charming; it wasn't a cookie-cutter style, which was nice, but definitely a good size with that boutiquey look. The breakfast could have been better; there were lots of breads/muffins/cereals, but not so much protein or healthier options. The location was not bad, as it's a 5-10 minute walk to either the St Charles or waterfront streetcar, and walking to the French Quarter is definitely doable. Overall, a calm, beautiful, and clean place to retire after a crazy day exploring New Orleans!Hotel was great at first, then turned horrible real fast.   Gave us a room where we can hear everything from the housekeeping office to the walkies, like it was in out room. If you want to be part of the housekeeping team, stay in our room.  The lights turned on and off by itself.  We only stayed two nights and by the time we realized we would of liked a new room, it wasn't worth it.  We had a packed itinerary and requesting/changing rooms did not fit.  When we checked out, we told the front desk agent, said there was nothing they could do.  Told her to e-mail me my receipt, never received it and was overcharged.  Put in a claim with my card,  and they gave me a $100 credit based off of the overcharge.  They send a receipt with extra charges that were not me, such as valet parking.....I didn't even have or rent a car!  Please make sure to have your receipt before you check out and check all charges.  Love New Orleans, great place.  The area around the hotel is great too, hotel....def not.I see this place has changed its name- and from the newer pictures it appears that they have *revamped* the rooms. But I still wouldn't come back to this hotel.
I was a guest here when it was The Ambassador Hotel and we actually cancelled our reservation and checked into another hotel after spending only one night here after experiencing poor and rude customer service from the front desk associates. The small and outdated rooms didn't help much either.
If you are into that artsy, vintage, exposed brick, creaky hard wood floors, hard iron Frame bed type of thing-then this could be your place. I appreciate that aesthetic. When it's done right. But I would rather prefer a big luxurious suite. Oh, and carpet. Unfortunately my mom made the reservation, so that is why I didn't know the specifics of the hotel until we got there.
Well, I could probably deal with the room if customer service was on point. But to our dismay, it wasn't. The front desk associate lady yelled at my mom, when she wasn't even hostile towards her. We needed help with our luggage and a few other things and the front desk associate was very rude. I couldn't believe it. Don't take out your bad day on us, sweetie. We hurried and checked out of that hotel and went to the W-where we were treated with respect and shown 5 star treatment.
If you still wish to stay here, for your sake, I hope this place has revamped the rooms and the customer service. 
They burned their bridge with me.This beautifully renovated hotel would have gotten 5 stars if it were only based on ambiance and service.  Ray was the BEST and took care of our car and belongings with the utmost attention.  But the hotel lost a star due to a few areas... First, it is very noisy through the night.  Garbage trucks do their thing right outside your window at 4 am, cops clear the streets with their PA system at 3 am, and party goers returning home are all very audible.  It seems that the a/c system can't handle the space, so the rooms were hot in the afternoon. We actually paid a premium for a room with large windows, but even with the blackout blinds pulled tight, our room was like a greenhouse. With the a/c set at 60, our room was 78 during the day and 74 at night. The ceiling fan was weak and didn't help. We were there in August, so it was as hot as it gets, but still... Thumbs up to the restaurant and bar for service.Decent hotel, but you could do better.  I travel frequently for business, so I perhaps have higher standards than a casual traveler.
Pros:  Great warehouse district location, huge rooms, hardwood floors and exposed brick, nice staff, great/fast wireless connection for $6.95/day.
Cons:  poor in-hotel restaurant (no breakfast) - also saw a cockroach while I was eating lunch - eek!, no room service, old/dilapidated bathroom with a weak shower and cracked tile floors,  poor/minimal toiletries provided, very hard/thin beds with poor-quality linens and two thin pillows.  Also, extremely thin walls (you could hear everything in the room next door - even conversation).
This could be a great hotel if they beefed it up a little bit!Just a short walk to the French Quarter makes this the ultimate spot for a short or long stay. You get  access to all of the best attractions, with very little of the nightly noise that can make sleep impossible. 
From beginning to end, one of my favorite stays in New Orleans. The staff were so friendly and welcoming. Even the staff working in the adjoined restaurant were more than I would have ever expected. The room was gorgeous and was more like a downtown loft than your standard stuffy hotel. Exposed brick, funky artwork and clever decor adorned every room. 
I'll definitely recommend this hotel to anyone planning to stay in the area. Thank you, for making our stay so pleasant and comfortable.Just returned from a four night stay at this hotel.  Really amazing staff, especially Chelsea at the front desk as well as her supervisor.  Easy location and very affordable.  The larger and brighter rooms are located in the 'Lafeyette Wing'.  We switched rooms 2 nights in because we were not thrilled about the bed in the first and the staff was awesome about it.  Our second room was wonderful.  New Orleans is a town to be out and about  in so time spent in a hotel room should not be such big concern but if you are looking for a clean, affordable, and friendly location without feeling budget, the Ambassador is a wonderful choice.Creepy. Dirty. A dump. Do not stay here. I booked this hotel for 1 night in January after I couldn't get all 3 nights at the Monteleone. It was a busy weekend so I thought I was lucky to get something near the French Quarter. Not so much. 
The rooms are decrepit. Thin flimsy sheets with 2 flat pillows and a little blanket - no bedding that you would find at any typical 2 star hotel.  The tiles literally were coming off the bathroom floor. Half the bathroom's ceiling was water damaged and falling away. And the tub had a greasy gray scum on the bottom. I had to wash my feet after showering. 
That was after I awoke with a headache from inhaling cigarette smoke all night. People smoke like chimneys at the entrance and in the lobby, and the smoke smell filled our dark windowless room and the ventilation system did nothing but roar loudly, filling the room with more stench. 
This is by far the worst "hotel" I've ever stayed in. 
Ambassador Management, you should be ashamed. I love NOLA and I cringe that you represent any part of this city's great hospitality to travelers.Booked through Hotels Tonight for a few bucks less than the actual daily rate and will be back. This will be my go to next time I'm in NO. This place was newly renovated and is still making some improvements but was so great. In a great location of town, completely safe for a solo traveler and there are lots of people enjoying the scene and the things to do around the city right outside the door. The place is clean but still holds an old feel of what NO is all about. The staff is great, helpful, pleasant and everyone goes out of the way to make you feel at home from the valet to the front desk to the concierge to random people walking that I'm not sure what their job is. There's plenty to eat and drink on site with an exceptional restaurant.Charming hotel in a great part of new Orleans.   However, I did not get my room until after 6pm.   I arrived earlier in the day and left my luggage at the desk.   Front desk representative said they would call me when my room was ready.  They never called.   I checked twice during the day and the response was that they would call.   When I arrived back at the hotel after 6 my room was ready.   When I asked why I wasn't called I received a unapologetic "we were busy".  They promised to send my luggage to my room.  Never arrived so I had to retrieve it my self.  Very disappointing start to my vacation.I was in town for Tales of the Cocktail July 8-12th. The Hotel Monteleone where my conference was going to be at was already sold out, so I booked at the Ambassador. I was a little nervous that it would be a bad area, but walking to and from the French Quarter wasn't bad at all - a little bit of a hike in the hot weather, but the area was pretty safe. It's near Harrah's Casino and a lot of people are always walking around.
The hotel itself wasn't bad either - yes it's old and no, there aren't any windows in the room, but it had beautiful high ceilings and was pretty updated as far as furniture and what not.
I would never stay at the Ambassador again, though. First off, I booked my stay by calling in and found out about a "buy one night get the next night free" promotion. Awesome! So I was staying four nights and only paid for three - the promotion was only for weekdays, so I paid for one weekday and two weekend nights.
Got to the hotel to check in and they only had me staying one night. The lady at the desk said "Not sure what you heard but you only here one night, sweetie, not three." Uh, ok. She then said "Wake up early and talk to the manager." Not an "I'll figure this out" or "Let me get your room number and have the manager talk to you," but more of a "Your problem, welcome to New Orleans." 
The next morning I talked to the lady at the front desk who told me that not everyone who works at The Ambassador knew about the buy one get one night free promotion yet. Turns out they had me checked in for the first night and the next night, the free night, was a manual check in that wasn't in the system - their system couldn't handle the promotion. Ok, fine. I was told the reservation was 4 nights as I originally asked for.
Came back to the hotel at 5 pm and my room key didn't work. After walking 10 blocks in the New Orleans heat, I was frustrated. Front desk told me again that they couldn't find my reservation, so I had to explain that I actually had 3 different reservations because of THEIR promotion. They found the reservation and reactivated my key. This happened every day for the next three days - I had to reactivate my key and check back in, explaining why I had three reservations.
Housekeeping was another issue, but the least of my worries there. I am now the owner of three new hair clips and got to smell three days of take out food...
Last day, before checking out, I checked my credit card and saw that I in fact was charged for four days instead of the three. Went to check out and asked the guy at the front desk of The Ambassador New Orleans to print me out a receipt. He couldn't find my reservation and then said "Well, honey, we don't charge your credit card until you check out." I explained that I had been checked out three times already and he said, rudely, "Why did you check out already - how would I know to look for that?" I was mad by then and a manager stepped up and explained to him that it was a promotion that checked me out, not my mistake. There's still an extra room night charge on my credit card, though, four charges in total, one for each night they checked me out.
End of story - stay at another hotel besides the Ambassador Hotel New Orleans. If you're on vacation and want to enjoy your stay, the staff at Ambassador Hotel will not make it enjoyable.the customer service was terrible, we were in town for a wedding and they reserved us the wrong room and then could do NOTHING to help rectify the situation.  They didn't offer us a discount, help in relocating, a meal, a coffee or even a free drink until I suggested they do anything to improve our experience, after all hospitality is their job! 
It is a lovely building, however the decor inside is average and pretty much a Brooklyn wanna be feel, rather then forging forward with the uniqueness of their own history or that of New Orleans!
#hotelfailThis was one of the worst hotel experiences. Paid $250 a night. First night we received a room with one bed instead of two like we reserved. The "breakfast room" consisted of a table along a wall in the hallway. Our window view was of a brick wall. The carpet had huge stains throughout the entire hotel. The shower wouldn't drain so had to push the water by hand. The bathroom door had a window on it so people in the room can see in. Elevators were terrible. Got woken up multiple time early morning due to hotel remodeling. Ammnetties say there is a restaurant but that is not there. Under complete reconstruction but there is a bunch of dust everywhere including in the rooms behind the beds. Was "given" $100 rebate which still brought our night rate to $230 a night. Definitely not worth it. Staff was kind.Have stayed here many times and have never been disappointed.  Great staff   Great rooms   Close enough to bourbon street to walk   A lot to see and do close to the hotel.I had a good experience here with a friend of mine.  It's in a good location and within walking distance to a whole host of things.  The building itself had an old, rustic feel with exposed brick. I'm pretty sure it use to be an old coffee warehouse that was converted into a hotel.  The rooms were good size and the beds were comfortable.  Can't say anything about breakfast as we didn't have it.  Good prices compared to some of the other hotels in the area.  Be prepared for creaky floors and to pay for internet, but other than that, we had a good experience!I truly enjoyed my stay here.  The location was in walking distance to many attractions.  Parking was a bit if a nightmare, but the friendly staff were very helpful in this regard.  The rooms had a modern feel but yet remained in keeping with the historical aesthetic.
I would like to come back to NOLA and would stay here again.I stayed here for 2 nights in April during the French Quarters Music Fest. This hotel has been beautifully and uniquely modeled with much attention to detail and custom-made furniture in the rooms. There is a coffee shop and restaurant downstairs. The toiletries are very high quality and organic. The staff has top-notch customer service and spends the time to make sure you are happy. The hotel is a short walk to the French Quarters and is very close to the Canal Street and St. Charles Street streetcars. The room is a little noisy but you don't go to New Orleans to stay in your hotel room.This hotel has awesome details, decor, and delicious food, drinks, coffee, and breakfast right downstairs. It has a lot of character and is way more fun to stay at versus a chain-type place, in my opinion. I could not stop raving about the design choices and how much I loved this place whenever we walked back in the hotel every night of our stay here. I'd highly recommend it to anyone looking for a place to stay in NOLA! The only negative to me was the ability to hear your neighbors and everyone in the hallway so easily, but an old building with wood floors will definitely have that issue. I just put on some white noise on my phone when going to bed at night, and problem solved. I wouldn't let that one detail keep me from staying here again, next time. Loved it!!PLEASE do yourself a favor and skip this awful place.
When I arrived, exhausted after a long drive, they couldn't find my reservation.  All of the staff were the absolute rudest people I have EVER encountered (I literally had to comment that they certainly didn't have any kind of "southern hospitality"- she was so friggin rude).  NO parking.  When you brought up that the online reservation promised free valet parking, the LOVELY clerk literally said, "Not my problem" with a roll of her eyes and an oh-so-helpful suggestion that I take it up with the manager.  And, "what do you want me to do about it?  Too bad."  I said sure let me talk to the manager like she suggested- oh, he won't be here until Tuesday (it was Saturday).  Wow.  She suggested I pay $30 a night to park.  Then, the WONDERFUL valet indicated he might be able to find me a parking spot, IF I paid him the right amount.  WAIT, I thought there weren't any spots?  So.... they promise parking when there isn't any, and the valet stakes out a few spots so they can try and charge me an arm and a leg to do their friggin job??? Not a great start to the vacation.
The room- creaky old floors- meaning you can hear everyone above you.  Walls so thin, hear people's conversations as if they were in your room.  No curtains over the windows, meaning it was basically daylight in there with the hall lighting.  Could hear the neighbors getting it on all night due to the thin walls.  Bathroom was sooooooooo incredibly awful- mold all over the shower, floors, sink, etc.   Semen stains on the only chair in the room. I was just flabbergasted that I paid $130 (PLUS a $10/day resort fee) to stay at that awful place.  Please, please, please stay somewhere else.  It will actually save you money considering other places that advertise parking actually have it.  What a rip-off and a joke.