Bad. Bad, bad, bad. This is a very bad restaurant. The music is good, the food is decent, but the management needs to decide what they actually want this place to be, because they're juggling a bar, live music, and a kitchen, and the food service is what is suffering as a result. 
My wife, couple friends and I came here for her birthday, and it started poorly when we had to wait to be greeted by the hostess. You need to have someone tethered to the hostess station. It is really bad business to have people waiting for a table at a less than full restaurant. After a round of drinks we ordered and proceeded to wait nearly an hour for the food to come out of the kitchen. I'm not unsympathetic to servers, but you at least have to acknowledge to your customers when you're not living up to expectations. The band on stage made the wait a little more bearable, but the meal was subsequently rushed, as we had after dinner plans. Additionally, for the quantity and quality of the food, they're overreaching on their pricing. If they're trying to offset the cost of bringing musicians in to play, I think a better model would be to charge a cover.Great music and a cozy atmosphere. Didn't get a chance to sample the menu but the relaxed and non-stuffy vibe had me sold.We visited Maison last night mainly to hear Smoking Club Jazz Band.  Because we knew it would be very busy on a Saturday night, we went early to get good seating.
Arriving before 5 p.m. we told the hostess we'd be lingering for the 7 p.m. show and she assured us that was no problem.  Seated right up front, we heard two sets from a good mainstream jazz/American Songbook-type group while we had drinks and then dinner.  
Between bands we requested a move to an open high-top table against the wall because we knew Smoking Club would be pretty loud.  We had more drinks, coffee and dessert.  Smoking Club JB delivered what I'd hoped for: precise, powerful, passionate traditional jazz with a great female vocalist!  When we left just after 8:30 the place was packed.
Three rounds of drinks/wine, dinner for two, coffee and dessert came to $85.  The wine was inexpensive and decent, the Pork Chop Creole special was excellent, and the pecan pie. . . well, what could be wrong with that?
Best of all, our server (Theresa) was absolutely attentive all evening.  She worked a lot of tables but still found time to check on us regularly over the 3 1/2 hours we were there.  Drinks and food came out quickly and exactly as ordered.  Really top-notch service!
Good food & drink, great service and no cover charge for the bands. (We did tip the bands and so should you.)  A five-star evening!If you've spent a couple nights hanging around Bourbon Street already, Frenchman Street will definitely feel like a breath of fresh air and Maison is definitely one of the places you have to check out. The atmosphere is great, drinks were inexpensive, and I'm pretty sure we didn't pay a cover charge. The music was really good and I like that you can dance and watch the band play downstairs in front of the stage, or take it all in from the balcony above. It was definitely a cool experience.  Glad we popped in!I gave this place 4 stars because the service was awesome and the live band was great! We were here on a Monday night after christmas day and it was full.  The walk from the French Quarter took about 15 min but not a boring walk at all as there were plenty of shops to stop in along the way. I ordered a salad, jambalaya, red beans and rice, and garlic fries to share between 3 of us. The sausage in the jambalaya was a little tart (I believe it may have been gator sausage) but overall all dishes were good.I really dig this place.  It had a great vibe the night I was there.  The band was playing older blues & jazz with some ragtime thrown in for good measure.  A lot of the clientele were dressed like they were back in the 20's and 30's.  People were, by and large, drinking wine (instead of beer and girly mixed drinks like at most of the other bars around here).  It had an air of class about it, which was a nice respite from the usual New Orleans fare.  I would definitely come back here.I don't remember much but what I do know for sure is that my friends and I had a funnnn time. There was good music and good drinks at this spot. The band was cool and they sounded good. They had smooth transitions into each song and had us all dancing and singing along the entire night. The crowd was a mix of ages and everyone had their own occasion that they were celebrating. The bartenders were attentive to everyone across the bar and all orders were taken quickly. There is plenty of seating and room to dance near or even with the band.Hey everyone, we tried to go into this bar and the front girl, Brittany, turned my friend's ID  down and then no one else at this bar would let us in. No one is into having their ID turned down mid-twenties. Don't go here.We just walked into a gem! The music was live and on fire! The crowd is revved and trust me you won't be disappointed! Frenchman street is mostly for grownups who've outgrown bourbon street and all its debauchery! If you love New Orleans in all of its glory, Frenchman is definitely for you!What a cool place to hang out.  All of the other clubs were jam packed on Frenchman street so my sister and I stumbled into this awesome place.  There were two local bands playing.  The first one was the Messy Cookers Jazz Band.  They were fun and really crowd engaging.  I wish I could find them on itunes.  The second one was another band called Bon Bon Vivant.  I listen to them all the time.
This is definitely a good place to get like a cocktail and just sit and relax and enjoy the sounds.  In relevance to food, I can't really comment.Need to reserve on the weekends it's a great place amazing vibe! Drinks are phenomenal! Food is to die for!!After checking out a bunch of places on Frenchman, we settled on Maison and ended up staying the whole night.
They're open until 3am.
Pros: 
- No cover
- Lots of space, so it didn't feel stuffy 
- Good amount of seating is available
- Really good music - Street legendz was awesome!  They did their own take on covers and are super talented!A great place to visit while hanging on Frenchmen street. Enjoy good food and drinks while listening to some live jazz.The food is not that good. Although I did like the french fries which were cooked in garlic oil that permeated through them. My alligator sausage was overcooked and over-seasoned. My sister got some nonsense sampler that wasn't that hot. 
The pitchers of beer were cheap and good. Place gets jumping. Saw some great music. The main band was called debauche and the singer was like a young tom waits playing amped up bar mitzvah traditional's if that makes any sense. At one point the bassist was standing almost vertically on his tilted upright bass. They have a nice wrap around balcony above the main stage for a real concert feel. 
Lady that sang while we ate was pretty good. Dimmed red lighting throughout the dining room bar area gave this place a very nice imitation old school New Orleans touristy vibe.When we came the music was great, drinks were great and the crawfish pies we had were delicious. Can't speak for anything else on the menu, but had a great experience when we went =)I wish I could post a video of the band I saw here the other night. Apart from the amazing New Orleans tunes these guys will play, they do a lot of impromptu stuff including, and no joke, Trombone battles. Weird, right? Wrong...amazing.Loved the music here. We saw The Business, a funk band. They were off the wall good great energy and fantastic sound. Loved this place.Went first on a crowded Friday night, bartenders were amazing and extremely attentive. Muir was absolutely fantastic and food was delicious. We decided to come back for brunch on Sunday and had another fantastic experience. Highly recommend.This place was pretty good. We didn't know where to eat and this place was the only place that didn't have an hour wait and took our party of 8. I had a poboy of pulled pork with coleslaw inside. The pork was good and juicyand the bread was amazing as well. A little spicy but overall pretty good. My wife and I shared a plate because the serving sizes were huge. The service was a little slow but it was packed. Also it was a little to dark to see the menus and had to use our phone lights to read them. Food was good but the ambience was a little dark, loud, and way to packed. I'd eat here again if I'm every visiting but maybe have it for take out. I'd recommend them to have a little more lighting and a few more staff members to help with taking drinks.On the best street in New Orleans (I really love Frenchmen Street) lies Maison. One of the bigger bars along the strip. Packed with tables, a long bar, a stage tucked up front, and a huge area towards the back. This place gets packed without getting stuffy due to its size. The house band is one of the best I have ever heard. They have great prices on both beer and liquor (then again New Orleans is relatively cheap when it comes to alcohol, in general).
A solid spot to grab a drink and listen to some music. I think they also serve food but I was maintaining a liquid diet the evening I visited.Real laid back place. Alligator bites were great... Drinks are a bargain too. Helped that my Cousin was playing in the band...It's just one of those placing you keep going back to over and over.  It's unexplainable - the atmosphere? the music? the people? the food?
I don't know, I enjoy going there to have a drink and listen to music or whatever they have going on ........Maison is great fun. The Jazz is diverse and very entertaining. The staff and service is very welcoming and gives patrons from out of town a sense of belonging. The drink prices are quite reasonable. There could be more seating. It is though to get a table near the stage. And many of the seats on the wall are uncomfortable because there are not footrests. With the relatively small drawbacks, Maison is a real jewel of Frenchman Street.A wonderful blues/Jazz bar. In the middle of afternoon we heard a great music- went to the bar and stayed more than 2 hours. Their drinks were yummy and made with fresh ingredients. Their garlic fries were crispy and delicious too.This may have no bearing on the place overall, but tonight, the music was good. I was a charmed snake, moving along to the beat, dancing almost well with no thought or direction of my own. I let the music play me.
Spacious even on a busy night with plenty of places (upstairs and down) to sit and to dance. Not sure I like that there's someone in the restrooms handing you paper towels. Perhaps that's to prevent people from having sex in there?
I think someone hit on me here tonight. That has never happened to me in my life. If you're looking for that kind of thing, you might find it here.Bar restaurant spacieux et à l'ambiance tamisée (sombre), qui donne un côté sympa pour une soirée jazz
Chaque soir, une bande différente vient jouer sur scène; ils passent un chapeau de temps en temps pour ramasser des dons car ils ne sont pas payés par le bar
Musique pas trop trop forte comparée à certains bars
Service très bon, serveurs et serveuses vraiment agréables
Large choix de bières et de drinks, prix ok
Bon choix de bouffe aussi; les alligators bites sont très bons, mais pas assez d'alligator dedans j'ai trouvé
Le gumbo était bon mais pas le meilleur en ville (il faisait plutot ''cantine'' et non ''homemade'')
Les plats que j'ai vus passer avaient tous l'air bons en tout cas!
Bref, je recommande d'essayer cette place!Want to grab a bite this morning and heard a band from outside, so like moths to a flame we were drawn in. I decided to get the chicken and waffle sliders, the wife got the shrimp and grits. A small spot with a band in the corner was playing some jazz. The waffles were a little to big to be sliders, but they were good. A nice crispy outside and tender inside, the chicken strips were good and the grits were decent. But those shrimps and grits were the bomb. Good sized shrimps with a delicious roux over the grits. The server was good. My only complaint is the seating. With my back being broke up, the seats were uncomfortable for me. Overall, i.would come back, I would just bring a pillow for my back.The service was fantastic, the food was great! The pork chops were awesome,and the gator boy were great as well. The music was great. The staff was very friendly. This was in my top meals in Nawlins. This will be on my agenda for my next tripMannn I loved this town!! What a fun place.  Only downside is, they wouldn't let us in with our drinks from our last place-- and that was one of the NOLA experiences I was really counting on!!! (Haha, I guess only on Bourbon).  
Anyway, their band plays right next to the door just luring you in, and they were amazing!!  Ahh love the jazz.  This place is pretty large, and there is a quiet area to sit in the back if you're tired of the crowd, and then of course the bar area/dancing area in front of the stage which is always fun.Awesome free comedy show in the penthouse on Friday nights--check it out!  Walking by one night and randomly stumbled into a free Biz Markie show-awesome.The Jazz Vipers were very good. Some great New Orleans Jazz, especially the Clarinetist... though I do believe the lineup changes from time to time.Midnight on a Thursday night - not too crowded, which was awesome.  We really enjoyed the unique musical stylings of the sexy young jazz band playing. Sound was just right, and the music was exactly what we were looking for that night. 
Drinks were inexpensive, and we were given free water with smiles. 
People watching was amazing. Husband and I got to watch a few guys get shot down and cock blocked for hours. 
Maison was HUGE - I'm sure during Mardi Gras or other busy times it's packed to the brim. I loved the space and room to breathe on our late mid-week January night :)Madison is the place to be during a lazy bar day for their small bites and wonderful drinks. They have a really friendly staff and open seating floor plan that allows for a lot of space and room to have live music and larger groups of people. It must see most of its business during the evening for the night club in the background of the bar. Maison has a good selection of beers on tap, mostly local ones and is located geographically on a fun and important street for people visiting New Orleans. While there are many places to visit in the city this place is a nice place to check out, and let me know how the night life is!The line to go inside went quickly.  The band on the first floor was lively.  There was a short wait for drinks at the bar.  Lots of bar stool seating & tables for our group of 7.  The second floor had a nice DJ music & easy access to the balcony overlooking Frenchmen.  Great vibe!This review is for their Jazz Brunch. All I can say is it was amazing!! The food was great. I had the biscuits with gravy and everyone else at my table had different variations of omelettes. All of our meals came with home fries that were pretty good as well. Though the food was top notch the best part was the drinks and entertainment. There was an amazing Jazz band that was worth every penny we spent of Brunch. They sang, they danced, and made us laugh the whole time we were there. As for the drinks my friend had a Bloody Mary she couldn't stop raving about. And I had a coffee with a shot of Bailey's that was delicious. Please stop here for Brunch during your NOLA visit. It's definitely a must do!The band that was playing that night was very good, excellent jazz music.
The food was great and the prices where very reasonable. 
Around 10pm the live music stopped and they started removing tables to make more room for a dance floor, turning the restaurant more into a bar. So don't go there if you're planning on being seated on a table after 10pm or so.
Had a blast there, recommend it!Nice staff, solid music, only had sliders as a snack but they were good. 
Definitely a good spot among many on Frenchmen street.Great Latin dance night- mix of reggaeton, salsa, bachata, merengue, & hiphop!Hate to say....but NOT coming back. 
I know my review will be an anomaly....but I've been here twice in two months....not a good experience either time. 
Music awesome....people that work there...not so much.....
Nuff said.Great place to listen to live music, have a great meal and dance the night away. The menu is very small but everything that we ordered was nothing short of wonderful. Our friend's pork chop took longer that the rest of the food and the manager brought it over and offered him a free drink. Talk about good'ol fashion hospitality!!! Very nice place to have a great time without college frat boys and druken sorority sisters.One of the best music venues on Frenchmen street! I came in to watch the Street Legends Brass Band and literally saw the best show I've seen during my visit. The bartenders were super fast and nice. I definitely recommend this place. Thanks Yelp!Monday night and they were pretty packed!  
Luckily there was no wait for a table.  I think Monday is open mic night, any musician can walk in and sign up, pretty cool.  The one group I remember from that night was Aurora Nealand and the Royal Roses, they were awesome!  The crowd here seemed very laid back, there was a good vibe going.  
My friend and I got a small table, he ordered food, I ordered drinks.  Our server was excellent, I never had an empty glass for long.  Food and drinks came out quick and were tasty - what more can you ask for?  Maybe I went on a good night, but I was really impressed with this place.  It's a big space and has a great setup, I'm curious how it is when they have multiple stages in use.  I could see that being a little too much, but I'd check it out.
La Maison really set the tone for the night.  Coming off of the previous night which we spent on Bourbon street, this was a breath of fresh air.  Literally, you don't wanna breath on Bourbon street.  
I'd definitely make this a stop during my next visit to the city.Had a great time here. We sat for table service and our server was really great. We got the portobello sandwich (pretty good) and a salad and the Mac and cheese (very tasty). Live music was good, lots of fun. Loved how it wasn't nearly as crowded or touristy as Bourbon street. Only complaint would be the temperature - since it was a bit hot outside would have been nice to have AC flowing, but that's all part of the experience I suppose!Lovely, well-maintained club and a classy band-- elegant older gentlemen who really rocked the keys and vocals on funk/blues/pop classics.  It's a shame that their positive attitude didn't extend to the waitstaff.  Service can make or break a restaurant or bar, and our 
"server" singlehandedly ruined our experience here.  We took a little table in the corner of the front room when another couple left.  (Stress-- only two chairs there.)  When I asked the waitress for a menu, she said very snottily, "This is reserved for 4 people."  Ok, there was a sign on the table indicating this, but again, there being only two chairs, and the fact that it was still early and not crowded, we stayed put.  The waitress, though, made it her mission to get rid of us, coming back again to tell us there were 2-tops in the next room, and we could stand by the wall and wait.  Had there been bigger parties waiting to be seated, we would gladly have moved.  I repeated that there were only two seats here, and she got red-faced, proclaiming, "it's the rules!" then grabbed a third chair from another table and slammed it down next to us.  She then pointedly avoided us, apparently determined to make us comply.  All I could think was, wow, we were set to order food and overtip, as we always do.  We would probably have made it a point to return on another visit to Frenchmen's as well.   Never met a rude server EVER in our trips to Orleans--until now.  Maybe she was following management's bad policy (as other reviews here indicate is the norm), but this is just inexcusable. I wondered why this club seemed less crowded than the other bars nearby.  The reason's now painfully obvious.  My advice:  Life's too short for such petty rudeness, especially in New Orleans.  Sashay down Frenchmen to the 30-90, Blue Nile or any other club and get treated right.Gator bites were phenomenal, Etouffée was perhaps a bit too salty but otherwise flavorful. Portions are large enough to share (as I have found in most of this city). Would come back if for nothing else, to hear the great live music!Great place to see live music!
I have been to New Orleans at least 15 times but had never heard of Frenchman Street.  I was looking for someplace off the beaten path to take my family.  Fortunately, I found Frenchman Street.   
I needed a place that had live music and allowed kids.   The places that do not serve food seemed not to allow kids.   We were looking for a dinner place anyway.
I had read about Maison and put our name in.  It was around 7:00 pm.   There was a band onstage and the place was full.  They said it would be about 20 minutes for a table for 5.   We went to another place down the road for appetizers and drinks and saw some great music and I checked back with Maison after 20 minutes and was told it would be another 10 minutes probably.  No one was really leaving while the band was onstage.  As soon as the band ended, people got up and we got a great table.  
The place is very low-key, nothing fancy but totally cool.   The next band was great, played a bunch of jazz standards, really cool.
The food is pretty good, but we were there for the music and this place delivered a wonderful experience.
Great place to go with or without kids.   There were no other kids there so, don't get the impression it is a kids place.  Just a good option if you have kids and want them to experience great music.Fabulous food and great service, excellent drinks, and the best jazz band.  The best so far!2nd night in a row here! Great staff,
Amazing drinks, tasty food and fabulous bands.!!!Went for live music and obviously to get one of the t-shirts which are include instruments and puns. Bands play music for all legal ages. Crowd ranged from 21 - 55 and all were having a blast. If your looking to sit down and grab a table I recommend coming before 10pm. Otherwise the bar fills in waves from ridiculously packed to calm.Walking down Frenchmen Street we heard some swinging Ragtime music coming from this place. We looked in and saw a lot of people drinking, eating and dancing and having a good time. After a quick check on YELP and looking at the menu, we decided to give it a try. We both ordered the Classic Burger with cheese, onions and a sunny side egg for $14, and then added lettuce, tomato and pickles for $1 extra. $15 for burger and fries? Really? Well dear readers, in the French Quarter of the Big Easy, that is a cheap lunch. The meat of the burger tasted beefy. It was adequate and filled us up. But not anything more than that. I agree with the other 3 star reviewers. Come here for the music after you have eaten somewhere else.Had a drink, danced for a bit while the "real" swing dancers took a break. The apple cinnamon infused whiskey was super tasty. The food smelled and looked absolutely fabulous, so I'll have to check it out next time.
The whole bathroom attendant thing is tacky and gross, though, so get them out and I'd give another star for that alone.Best live music in NOLA, especially The Big Easy Brawlers! Came here every night during our stay - amazing live music, great cocktails and a super fun and attractive crowd. A Must-Go if you're on Frenchman Street. Hell, even if you're not on Frenchman make the journey over because this place is worth it.On the Frenchman St. strip of music joints, I think Maison takes the cake.  Plenty of room, a good crowd and no cover.  What more could you ask for?
Maybe a guy cooking steaks on a charcoal grill on the sidewalk right next door... Oh, did I mention? He's there, too.
For a change of pace on set breaks, you can always run across the street to the shoebox Japanese place for a lower-key vibe.this place is awesome! while it can get ridiculously crowded, it's worth it to make your way through the crowd to enjoy some great live music. Dysfunktional Bone was playing the night i stopped by with a few friends and they were awesome! they did some jazzy covers of some classic songs and kept the crowd going. they had Abita Amber beer on tap, which was pretty good and also had some interesting flavored liquors they make there and use in cocktails. MOST DEFINITELY worth a stop by for live music and it's much much better than the touristy and trashy Bourbon St stuff.Maison rocks.
Our Jazz Fest Quatro ended up here twice during the weekend.
The first time we came we had a delicious cajun sampler of crawfish bites, alligator bites and some other yums, paired up with too many fries (we ordered both sweet potato fries and garlic fries).
Theres lots of space to dance, great atmosphere.
$5 RUM PUNCH IN A BIG FRIGGIN CUP! A good deal...
Last night The Upstarters we playing, and we heard they play there every Weds night... They were AWESOME!
I love Frenchmen's Street. Glad to discover another spot I love in that hood.Awesome music and we got the chef's trio appetizer which was great. I got a sazerac though which was really lackluster and far too sweet, I think maybe it had too much simple syrup. Not sure about the other cocktailslive band
pirates
drinks
yes.Make sure to check out the 3rd floor...I'd been here a few times and didn't realize that there is a separate room upstairs with a different DJ.  Tons of fun!Music was 5 star, and dessert was 3 star...as for the food, I didn't try any. Maybe next time. I found this place while walking down Frenchmen street. I heard the live jazz band from outside and had to check it out.  I ended ordering some dessert to enjoy while listening to the soulful music. White chocolate bread  pudding was ehh. Very thick and doughy. While visiting New Orleans I've tried A LOT of bread pudding. The best so far believe it or not was at the movie theater (dine in service).Their food system is a bit weird, but I was still able to get a decent sandwich while they were converting this place from bar/restaurant to music venue. 
We saw the Dirty Bourbon River Show here on Lundi Gras, which was one of the greatest live shows that I've seen. My wife and I really dug Frenchman St., which we found to be a little less touristy and also have some great music venues. Maison is one of them.I found a $65 Groupon to take a mixology class for 2. The class was 'supposed' to start at 6pm, but it was more like 6:30pm. I found a great parking spot just around the corner, but street parking was nonexistent by the time I left after 7:30pm. I was disappointed that we didn't get to pour our own liquor/make our own drinks (something about Louisiana law). That would have been good to know when buying the Groupon. Luckily, the amazing bartenders made up for it. They provided a lot of history about each of the 4 drinks. They were also willing to answer our questions along the way. I'm usually not a fan of rum, but the hurricane was amazing! The Sazerac and Vieux Carre were mind blowing and the Pimm's Cup was good in an okay type of way. I just prefer a little more kick in my drinks. Overall, it was a fun time and the live music made it a lot better.Big Easy Brawlers held it downnnnn! Nice local spot to chill at on a visit to the N.O.We really enjoyed this spot! We were encouraged to come here for the live music, but still wanted to be able to chat with one another, so we went to the back bar, which has the acoustics set up just right, so you can still enjoy the music, but hear your own thoughts. The bartender also looked like just Khal Drogo from Game of Thrones which was a nice bonus! :)Maison is a pretty cool spot. Good live music, and a well stocked bar. Prices could probably come down a tad, and the staff should probably be required to cover their tattoos, since a lot of tourists looking for culture and a good time come through here. They have a main live act later in the evening, and everyone in the bar gets kicked out, which is kind of a bummer, unless they have tickets for that act. Looks like they have some food too, but there was nothing on the menu that I would eat as a vegetarian.Love it within 5 minutes!
Survive from the great beauty Aretha Franklin followed by Killing me Softly!
Great live musical performances live.My husband and I attended the Grayboy Allstars show on 4/23. Now, if this review was just for the music, it would be 5 stars. If it was even for the service or drinks, fine, probably like 3-4 stars. 
But OMG. This place has a BAD bug problem. You know the old saying, for every bug you see, there are 100 behind the walls? What about for every BRAVE bug you see? I was sitting at the large corner booth, cooling my poor feet while my husband was up front jamming, and I literally had to use the straw from my drink to fend off a cockroach that was living in the cracks of the wood there. He was not afraid of me. He was not afraid of the other people sitting at the booth with me (I didn't know them, there just weren't a lot of places to sit). He wanted to get by me, and he was not going to stop. After I poked at him a few times with my straw, he went scurrying back to the crack in the wood where he had about 5 buddies waiting. Then finally he would no longer be denied from whatever morsel was waiting on the other side of my butt, so I just got up and scooted out of the booth to let him by. Then I stood for the rest of the night, even though I'd been on my feet and walking all day long. 
I can't believe this place serves food.Band had a ton of energy with more of a Latin feel. Good place to teach your boyfriend how to salsa  drinks were easy to come by. Lots of fun!Great live jazz music! Service was a little slow but we only had some drinks.  Didn't have a chance to taste the food but it smelled great.So - I booked VIP tickets for New Year's Eve celebration on Frenchmen as I had decided to celebrate the Holiday and wanted to do so at a place on Frenchmen.  After purchasing my tickets in advance with promises of no lines and early access if I picked up my tickets / wrist bands early I arrive with my party around 9:30 PM to simply be kicked out of the place by VERY rude bouncers (who should not be running the place) and told to get in line to get back in.  Finally they let the paid people back in after a 30 / 40 minute wait in the cold.  Once in, the bars were not prepared for the crowd and they had one buffet line for possibly 500+/- guests who were there to celebrate.  Rice was not cooked (only my daughter was able to get through the line) and my girlfriend got cursed out by one of the fattest bouncers I have ever seen.  You guys really need to work on things and my advice to future NYE party goers.  Skip this place as it really does not have its act together.Music was great, lady at the door didn't seem interested in seating anyone, in spite of lots of empty tables.
Left after 15 minutes, without being able to order a drink.Do not miss this place for Sunday jitterbug brunch! Great music, great food, great service. Must get loaded Bloody Mary, well worth the $15. Chicken and waffles were fantastic!Great food! The selection/menu is a bit limited with the typical Louisiana staples. Good live bad. There is an upper level for large groups. The staff was really great.Great music!!!!!! The New Orleans Jazz Vipers were awesome!!!!! Oh, and the food was just as great too! GET THE DUCK!!!!Awesome food,,,,awesome music,,,,no cover ,,,,enjoyed the alligator sausage,,,,the pork bbq po boy was incredible ! 5 stars for the best music in new orleans !Really nice bar with live music, gets a bit cramped during weekends but we loved it here. Great beer selection, too!Wow. Completely disappointed in this New Year's Party. We bought tickets for open bar til 2am. They cut people off at 1am. Management is super shady on this. Not only did our tickets we purchase say til 2am they pulled the card that the open bar wasn't listed on the tickets from eventbrite. Management referenced the event on facebook that could have been changed since we bought tickets in November. We purposely bought tickets to this party since it said VIP open bar til 2am. No where did it say on emails or tickets that the bar closed before 2am. We'll never come back here again.If New Orleans were the night sky Maison would be my North Star.  This is always the first place I go to when am directionless for the night, which is about every fucking night in this city.  And from here, I always find my way.  
Maison is simply spectacular.  Amazing music, from funky jazz to belly dancing Kazaks that gets the crowd going despite not knowing what the fuck they are singing.  Good people, somehow less trashy and more attractive than the rest of the city, gathers here to celebrate and make merry.  Their club upstairs despite being a sweatbox, has music that will make you dance.  Latin, hip hop, whatever gets you going, pumped and ready despite (or maybe because of) the heat.  The memories I have at this bar are some of the best in a lifetime.  And you know I will be back again, my shining Polaris.Great music! The drummer seemed bored at first, then he busted out a sweet solo. I enjoyed the drinks and the atmosphere! We opted to come here rather than another jazz club down the street that smelled like farts, and I'm glad we did!Good place to see local music and grab a drink.  If you want extremely high quality music, go to Snug Harbor.  If you want extremely quality drinks, go to DBA.  If you want good drinks and decent music, La Maison is totally adequate.
There are no less than three stages at this place.  You can watch music on the two downstairs stages for no charge (generally).  There is an upstairs stage that charges a cover independent from the main door.  So beware.
I'm not sure what possessed me to order one of their "special" drinks - rum punch.  Basically something mixed up in a huge jug.  Juice and grain alcohol.  It didn't even begin to get me drunk! Rip off!  Stick to beer or drinks mixed in front of you and you'll be fine.
Support local music!!Jazz and zydeco club. We try to go to Frenchman St whenever we are in town. Eighth Dice Cloth was playing they were pretty good we liked the music. We did not dine here as we had a reservation down the street. It was easy to get a seat - we arrived at around 7pm and stayed for one set. Had a couple of local beers.
Mark & Nancy.A happenin' club on Frenchmen. Think we had tequila shots. Good live band on that then paraded through the crowd.My fiancee and I had a wedding reception here and used the two upstairs spaces.  We are from out of town and planned the entire wedding and reception without being physically present.  We had lots of questions and anxieties and Jen was so helpful and kind with us.  When we initially saw the space, I was a little worried.  It wasn't cleaned or anything.
When it came down to the actually reception, it cleaned up so well.  Staff were so nice and helpful and the food was excellent.  Jen was very kind and laid back and was ready to assist however she could.  
I would absolutely recommend this place for Wedding receptions if you are looking for a more casual relaxing type of weeding.  The use of the two rooms, gave the wedding a very nice, laid back type of feel.This was such a treat for a non-touristy place. 
We attended the Mixology class and got to make some really great drinks. The 'teacher' was very knowledgeable & patient for those that had no bar knowledge at all. 
We even ordered some gator bites & sweet potato fries before the class. This was super smart as the four drinks were amazing & helped us get our night started!!!We has live music that was really nice .
We had dinner there. The hamburger sliders and the chicken wings were good!I absolutely commend this venue's sound manager.  It was the perfect volume to watch some good tunes, but still be able to have a conversation. It's important, for real.
Came here yesterday and as my good friend so enthusiastically described it today: "it was the top moment of my life so far."  We got to see 3 sets of amazing Dixieland classics.  It was a great vibe inside and filled with great people.
I had to deduct one star for the gross bathrooms. I realize this place is old, but those bathrooms were haunted on a whole different level.I have to be honest... I don't know a thing about jazz music. I'm an LA girl now living in Chicago who just likes drinks and good music-- so that brought us here. Also, no cover. We will tip the band but hate paying covers.
I'll be honest... we entered because we saw a cool band that sounded nice, a place full of about 25 people, the lighting was right, and the sign was very urban and cool. I love good signage. Anyone who says packaging doesn't matter is so wrong. 
We sat at a nice hightop and ordered a couple drinks. It was $10 total for a beer and glass of wine. Not bad. We asked for change from our $20 and the cocktail waitress simply said she had no change and could get it from the bar "I guess"-- so since she didn't have a huge desire to be tipped, we dropped her tip money into the tip container for the band instead. Her loss.
Overall, nice experience. Didn't eat but it did look like they had quite a few sandwiches on the menu and something about a maison sauce. I asked the bartender what the sauce consisted of and she said... "Oh, a mix of mayo, ketchup, mustard...." VOMIT. Sorry, but that sounds pretty freaking disgusting!
I'll stick to the music and booze. Thanks.Service was incredibly slow. Ordered multiple dishes, every dish was super salty, to the point of being inedible. Band annoyingly kept soliciting for tips every 15 minutes... just play your music and people will tip as they see fit.If you're visiting New Orleans, then Frenchmen St is one of the places you want to spend some time at. There is live jazz and art displays all along this street. This is one of the many places to go on Frenchmen and I really had a great time at the Maison. The jazz band here was amazing. They seriously had the place rocking on a Thursday night. They played their cover of "Give Up the Funk" and had the whole place singing and dancing. There was no cover charge and their drink prices were also pretty cheap. I didn't try their food or even look at the menu so this review is ignoring that aspect. Based on my one experience here, I have to give this place 5 stars mainly because of the entertainment. Highly recommended.Loved it! Went to see a friends boyfriend play in his jazz quartet and the venue was the perfect setting. Spacious, only took one star cause the bartenders were inattentive... Didn't try the food, but the drinks were strong!For some reason whenever I see the word infused prior to the word vodka my eyes light up like a kid on Christmas. I had the pleasure of trying their basil and garlic infused vodka. Hello bloody mary! or they as they call it Proud Mary on their menu.
I also tried their ginger peach infused vodka in a drink I believe was called the peach press which was very good and not overly sweet. I wanted to continue my vodka tasting, but being it was still early, I figured I should continue to be a productive human being instead. Next time I will conquer and come back with an update. 
Like many places in this area the Maison has a very charming quality to it. When I walked past the ATM I noticed a hand written note taped to it that read, "ATM acting weird". Something about it made me smile, not sure why...but not needing cash probably had something to do with my light heartedness. 
The place is very spacious with 3 floors and live music every night. Lovin it!Great spot with live music and delicious food! The jazz band was really good, and had a great energy. The food was delicious, we shared the shrimp and grits and the apple salad, both were remarkable. We also really enjoyed the peanut butter chocolate stout- a must try!Spent my entire trip to New Orleans here. Great music and a great group of people. Drinks are super cheap but thats comparing it to New York prices!Hooray! They have food! And it is delicious! Can't believe it took me so long to figure this out, because they've had food for a while now, as it turns out. It's been pretty amazing the couple of times I stopped at Maison for food - even when it's crowded, we're able to sit at a table and get waiter service. No trying to order food at the bar and waiting for your number to be called, or whatever. In my experience, the service has been phenomenal, particularly considering how hectic it can get in here during the weekends.
As such, Maison is the new 13 on Frenchmen Street when it's late, you're hungry, and you want something delicious. The next time I go to 13 and they're tragically out of tater tots (no tachos?! but that's why I came!) I know what to do. Head to Maison for another fried eggplant spears po-boy. 
Veggie friendly. Open late. Don't think they deliver, but I'd love to see that happen someday. (Maybe @NOLAFoodDelivery can start doing Marigny delivery... Hint, hint. ;) 
Go check it out. 
P.S. Also, are you aware that Maison has pool, airhockey, and possibly other games upstairs? There's usually no cover, as far as I'm aware, so it's a good spot for food, games, and beers. 
P.P.S. The pool and airhockey are not all the way upstairs, but in between upstairs and downstairs. It's kind of like a mezzanine level.Phenomenal band. All the drinks poured at the back bar were basically half liquor so beware.I had a great time.  The food was really good, not just plain bar food.  They seemed to have moved away from just Fried food.  The Music rotated from the front stage to the back, which was really cool.  They also had a great dance party going on upstairs in the Penthouse.Cabaret setting with red lights shining on your small round candlelit table. They may take a bit to seat you in the evening due to the fact that there is a limited amount of tables for the live music.. After a certain time, it's more of a regular bar/venue with a band performing and crowd standing around.
I love coming in the evening because it's one of the few places in New Orleans where you can watch a live act while enjoying your dinner. The alligator bites and crawfish bites were pretty good. However, what I enjoyed most was their Dirty Bird (po boy with grilled chicken, cheddar cheese, bacon, and a splash of barbecue sauce) which I ordered with the tortilla chips. The chips were warm and extremely fresh. So good.
The service is better for liquor than for food. It seemed to take a bit for the food to come out, especially considering the amount of tables they have. However, we enjoyed a few drinks and the music as we waited for the food.A larger venue in the area.  Came here for a late night dinner.  The food was fairly standard bar faire, enjoyable.  Lacks a lot of the character that most of the other bars in the area have.Zero stars actually. I ordered a gin and tonic and ingot a whole lot of tonic but no gin. Boo the bartender!I love this place. I go to Frenchman for live music every time I go to NOLA. It just can't be beat. Bourbon street has nothing on Frenchman st. I've seen a lot of different bands here. Authentic music and a lot of locals. Drinks are decent. Pre-game before going if you can. Not that they are super expensive, the drinks just weren't memorable for me.Overall I think this is a great bar but not a great restaurant. 
There was a wait when we arrived and the hostess was very nice, she suggested we could wait towards the back of the restaurant where there are couches and she would come find us. Great! But the couches were gross, visible marks where people spilt beer and I'm sure someone at some point has released some fluids there. 
The live music was wonderful, I really enjoyed it. For the food I had a house salad (dressing was not good) and the Cajun mac and cheese which I did really enjoy. Perfect amount of creaminess along with spices. My husband had the pulled pork po boy which he enjoyed. I took away stars primarily for the service. It took about 15 minutes for our waitress to acknowledge us (we did already have drinks from the bar so at least we had that) and we were sitting right next to the food station. I was very annoyed because we saw our po boy and Mac and cheese sitting in the window for 10 minutes. And there were several people right there. We were literally right next to the window so they probably could have passed it to me without actually having to walk over. They were waiting on my salad to bring everything out but I would prefer to have my hot food when it's freshly prepared. 
There was also a mix up with our bill when we got the envelope back it was someone else's card and bill. The server was definitely over stretched with the amount of tables she was covering. 
We would go back but stick to music and beer and maybe some appetizers.If you enjoy live jazz music and a great time, check out Maisons. Sometimes they do jazz and sometimes they do blues. I swear, I think they have the finest jazz, and blues bands perform here. 
The food menu is not very broad and they only have select items. We came during brunch and got waffles and chicken with a side of grits and sweet potatoes. The waitress and host were nice and the food came out steaming hot. 
They have an ATM in the back and coed bathrooms.
The back is like a dance area for when they open it up during the weekends or at night.
Prices were reasonable and if you do decide to go  please tip the band.Checked in at Maison when my wife and I were hopping around Frenchmen St. We were drawn in by the live music (hip hop brass bands), no cover, and relatively inexpensive booze. Great vibe and great music that night!We made reservations to catch the Swinging Jazz brunch in this cozy little venue, and had so much fun watching the dancing and listening to the music. I even learned a little about the evolution of swing dancing from Chance Bushman & the NOLA Jitterbugs. The food was ...not bad and the drinks were spectacular (the Bloody Mary was worth it just to take a picture of), but it was mostly about the show. We even stuck around to listen to the Royal Street Winding Boys before running off to catch the BMOL parade at Sweet Lorraine's. It was definitely worth the visit and a great way to start the day.The Spot:
When visiting New Orleans' Bourbon Street it becomes quickly apparent that the world class jazz you've been hearing about all along probably will not be found on this booze soaked street. If you're one who has come to this realization, then a visit to the Marigny is in order. Faubourg Marigny is located within walking distance of the French Quarter, heading east on Decatur past the Esplanade will take you to the foot of Frenchman Street, the world-famous hotspot of local Louisianan Jazz talent.
Marigny is home to a diverse and eclectic community of art, artists, music, food and fantastic music venues and bars. It is a neighbourhood that must not be missed and is frequented by tourists in the know and locals alike.
One of the crown jewels of Marigny and Frenchman is called The Maison.
What's Really Good:
The Maison is a live music venue, a restaurant, a dance club and jazz hotspot all rolled into one eclectic package. Catering to a crowd who has long outgrown Bourbon Street, Maison offers live music seven nights a week, most days without any cover charge.
Maison offers something for everyone, whether you prefer to come early and eat dinner while being played smooth jazz, or whether you prefer late nights and early mornings whilst listening to great pump-up jazz with a room packed with 20 and 30-somethings. And alas, if for some reason you tire of jazz, you can head upstairs to the room with a live DJ nightly and neon lights.
You'll Wanna know: 
The venue offers something different every night of the week, I found myself returning almost nightly during a recent stay in New Orleans.
The Maison has variety in droves; it's a great place to spend a New Orleans night with other like-minded individuals. And yes, in The Marigny too, there is what seems to be a constantly occurring street party.So from a music standpoint the place is nice but the food is poor. The waitstaff was nice but the wait for your food is very long. And you might not get what you ordered!  Portobello sandwich came instead with small chopped mushrooms....really weird....and a couple of things on our order   were wrong.  We didn't send back or even say anything because to fix it we thought might take another hour!  The waitress did tell us there was only one cook and the place did have a lot of people.... Still for us....we won't go back.This place is fantastic for live music. You can either sit at the bar, or you can get a reserved jazz-club-esque table that faces the stage. 
They've got good headliners, but also good local folks playing in the meantime. And no cover generally, just one drink minimum at the bar. 
GO TO MAISON. It's a wonderful spot.VIP Service at The Maison was worth it.  That is if you get the elevated corner table, to the right as you walk into the doors of the club.  It is THE BEST VIP table because you have the best view.  The stage is right front of you and Security is constantly moving people out of the way throughout the night so you can see it all.  You can see the crowd on the dance floor all the way to the end.  You also have the huge size window  where you can see the action outside like people walking by,  party people on wheels like in fire engines too, EMTs, NOLA PD etc.  Variety of bottle service available.  We had two bands play that night - both very different in style of music and it was incredible!  Crowd fills the place when music starts.  It's so fun to witness as passer-bys hear the music and start to pile in.  Place to enjoy, listen to the music, watch everything and everyone, engage with the musicians through eye contact or even up close on stage.  It may not be Vegas VIP but it's NOLA VIP and the flavor is NOLALicious!Was going to go next door for dinner to Three Muses, but it was slammed. Headed into Maison b/c I heard a solid live jam from the street outside. Have a good bar menu-- fried green tomatoes and a steak sandwich hit the spot. Love Frenchmen St.Love this place! Went two nights in a row. The musicians were outstanding and no cover charge!Fantastic spot on Frenchman St. Live music holds your attention all night. The food is delicious and the beer is cheap - need I say more? Recommend the jambalaya and the beans and rice. Small spot in the back for a semi-private party or about 20.Depending on the band playing the night the experience of this place varies a lot. They usually get really good bands on. The rest is a normal bar with the usual drinks and nothing much more to write home about.Tanisha was amazing!! I loved her service and she was so polite! I really appreciated her patience! My friend had her wallet stolen at bourbon street and this bouncer was so kind with advice to support her! The bar has great music and a good atmosphere!Some of the best jazz in NOLA! The place is quant and the staff is friendly! Check it out! Specialty cocktails and walking distance from the QuarterGreat Jazz and wonderful atmosphere.  Add to that, no cover!  We had a great time at Maison.  One of my best memories of New Orleans!Loved the band, my drink, the service, and the atmosphere on a week day evening. The fries weren't awesome but they were good and that's all we ate.HORRIBLE customer service!!!
We sat down around 8pm. We tried to order food but the waitress would take one persons order and then walk away. She would come back and get another persons order and walk away. There were only 4 of us. So I'm not sure what the problem was. At 9:30 the first person who ordered still had not received their salad & cup of red beans and rice. I ordered second and had received my food. We were told at 10pm we would have to move from our table because they were going to make it a dance floor. At 9:50 still no food, the waitress came and started removing chairs and told us we would have to get up. Everyone was so upset they said to cancel their orders (which the waitress said they were currently working on). When I received my ticket I had been charged for several things we didn't order. While I sat at the table for them to correct it, two guy workers came and told me to move and removed the table from in front of me. RUDE!!! I will NEVER go back!I love the live music here. Big bar, lots of space, you can get away from the crowd for a bit if you want. The upstairs bar is a nice repreieve from the action downstairs. Also I love their homemade infused Tito's vodka!When you are in New orleans and actually want to hear the local talent this is the place to go. If you are looking for cover bands then stick to Bourbon street. Here you will find less overly intoxicated people and more people who are legit listening to great music. I will say Sunday is not a good day for anything in New Orleans that I've found yet. This is at least a chill environment to listen to cool bands on a Sunday evening.Frenchmens street is fun, Maison has great music but the food and service is lousy. Have a drink or two but eat elsewhere!Had such a great dining experience here. The live band was fantastic and the food (huge portions btw) was delicious (southern duck and shrimp and grits). Awesome place!I was a New Orleans virgin on this trip. Maison was the first place we went to, and by far, the absolute best.
Don't come here if you're looking to get some titties in your face or want some beads. This place offers fine live brass jazz music that encourages you to dance.
I had the most fun on my trip the first night, and I definitely owe it all to Maison. Live music 363 days of the week....I am a fan.The food was delightful. My penne pasta was ambrosia from the Cajun gods themselves. The ambiance was perfect, and the service was fine (true story:the hostess is a gem)! This place is the epitome of a great restaurant/bar. Why then would I give this fine businea mere four stars, you ask? 
Because it's the 21st century and not splitting checks is archaic, that's why.Un buen club para escuchar bandas en Nola, la famosa Frenchmen st. Es uno de los primeros del recorrido y de los más grandes.
Vi una gran banda ahí, con un lead singer hipnótico. Pero el vibe generado era muy todos sentados en mesas mirando un show en pareja. No era algo como divertido en gral. Los tragos no estaban mal, no eran muy caros pero no tenían wifi.
Lo bueno es que de estos bares en la cuadra podés entrar y salir las veces que quieras. Pocos te cobran entrada (5 a 20 dólares, depende de la banda). Así que si una banda te aburre o están cambiando de acto, podés irte y volver al rato.Stopped by here on my last night. Promised my friends we will spend one hour inside and then head back to the hotel...lol what a lie that wasA great spot for a Monday evening. Freestyle jazz! musician literally walk in off the street and wait their turn to jump on stage and play out. Musicians get swapped in and out after every song. really fun to watch.Come for the music & drinks  skip the food. Overpriced and mediocre at best. The Shrimp and crawfish remoulade sandwich might as well be called the Where's Waldo sandwich, if there was any seafood I didn't find any  , unless it was all chopped up in tiny pieces.Great venue! No cover, good drinks. Everyone was having a good time dancing. Our first stop on frenchmen street and we came back after checking out other venues.I had my wedding afterparty at Maison last weekend and it was absolutely perfect. Jen at Maison worked with us to get us everything we wanted: the second floor balcony, snacks, and a cash bar. She and the other bartender were great. 
We had our wedding in the French Quarter and it ended at 10:30. We were struggling to find a good place in walking distance that would be relatively clean, have late night food, and would have a somewhat private area for us. Basically, we were hoping for a Maison in the Quarter. We eventually decided on getting a party bus to bring the wedding party and older guests and having everyone else walk. Worked perfectly. Strongly recommend booking Maison for this or any other type of event.We had so much fun here. Great atmosphere, music and food! We ordered the Bourbon Honey Glazed Pork Chop and the Pasta Primavera. Both were OUTSTANDING!We chose this place because the music sounded so awesome. It was very relaxed and the service was amazing. We had a table in the back area which made it a little easier to talk while we ate our dinner. With three in our party we ordered chicken pasta primavera, chicken Caesar salad and Cochin du lait Po Boy with sweet potato fries. Add 4 drinks and the total bill was $72.62. Our waitress was Michelle and she was great with the service and so pleasant.this was a fun stop waltzing through frenchman street during fqf.  i had the southern peach and it was delish.  so was their crawfish nuggets with remoulade.  the band playing was awesome, we bought their c.d.  service was sweet and nice.  if want a fun time, stop in maison.Can I give more than 5 stars?! We came in for drinks, but mostly music. The Faux Barrio Billionaires were playing and they were AMAZING!  People started swing dancing to really set the mood. It was an incredible night that I will remember on our trip to NOLA. Can't wait to come back!I loved the atmosphere and the drinks were good and we were excited to try their gumbo but they only had sausage gumbo and you can't add anything to it and it came out cold. So all in all I'd just go for the bar and music but not the food.Great live music! The crawfish bites were tasty. The jambalaya was good, but a bowl was way too much, even for two people. Definitely a place to check out while making your way up/down Frenchmen St.Better than Bourbon Street bars!!! Walked there from Canal Street, it was not a long trek. At 9:30, some tables and all the bar stools are removed to make more room, so be prepared to stand. The venue is pretty big which is a plus. We were there on Monday when they had an open jam session. Music was great. It is a must visit when in NOLA.Great underground spot!! Haven't been here prior but my experience from tonight's KRS-ONE show was...AWESOME!!! Can't wait to return for some other events.Love this place! I had an awesome conversation with the manager, can't remember his name, but he was dressed as Tom Hanks from A League of Their Own! The drinks were amazing, no cover (on Halloween night) and there was amazing music pumping! I'll have to come back as soon as possible for another amazing time in Nola! Hopefully the manager remembers me, I was Thackery Binx from Hocus Pocus!Spent five hours here - non-stop good music.  Ordered a few bites while we enjoyed some wine - crawfish bites and Cajun mac'n'cheese were amazeballs. Would definitely go back!For a place on frenchmen street, I was expecting it to be a lot safer. I got roofied here into my first beer and ended up in the ER two hours later. No one had been around my drink considering my boyfriend was also with us. We are convinced one of the bartenders did it to get their jollies off. For a place that looks so nice, I was expecting better. I hope whomever did this, rots in hell. You ruined my last night here and made me rack up hospital bills that I can't even currently pay. I am convinced no part of NOLA is safe anymore, and I am so glad to be going back home.We had a few drinks here one night while visiting New Orleans and checking out Frenchmen St. and we were impressed with the bartender and loved the jazz band that was playing.
We came in as the dinner hour was coming to a close so we missed the last call for snacks unfortunately. The place was packed and the band was on point so we were lucky to find a couple seats at the bar. 
The bartender came right over and opened a tab for us. He told me they make their sweet and sour in house along with many other liquor infusions. Over the course of the night he made me two fantastic amaretto sours and my husband was pleased with his captain n cokes. 
The band played for about an hour longer and had a wonderful vocalist that kept us wiggling in our seats and tapping our toes. As we were leaving another band was setting up.
This was a great hangout place and especially enjoyable spot for us to start our evening. The drinks were expertly prepared, delicious, and very reasonably priced. A solid hangout with some great live music.Traveling with kids in New Orleans and experiencing great music can be challenging! Thankfully Maison allowed us to have dinner and listen to some great music too! We figured we would be compromising a great meal in order to listen to music and boy were we wrong! Everything we had was delicious ( special mention about the garlic fries...they were spectacular) and the bands were great! At no point did we feel rushed to leave and we were able to experience great music and great food. ... Please note: after 10:00 the restaurant stops allowing children for dinner, so get there early if you are arriving with children.I love the vibe here. That night it was filled with a bunch of talented musicians who didn't make it yet because the music isn't mainstream. It was a jazzy, eclectic fusion mix of African and Asian. The type of dance moves you're expected to make as a spectator is not the usual club-like, but more of a funky step go along with the jam kinda feel. The people, music, and vibe made the night.Mannie fresh djs here from time to time. 
Upstairs is a little rickety, downstairs is just fine for me.Great location on Frenchman St. Food was okay but jazz was great. Best thing is bands play 4-7, another band 7-10 and then another 10-??  Staff does not rush you out so as long as you order a drink per set you can just enjoy. Warning:  if you take the Riverfront streetcar there, be aware it stops running at 11:30. And even before 11:30, it only seems to run about every 30 minutes not every 20 minutes as the signs state.This is a four-star bar with three-star food and five-star music.  It is on Frenchmen Street, just outside the French Quarter, and the street is worth a visit for the funky, authentic vibe, interesting music and restaurants. 
Maison is a music venue that makes some good drinks. We ate there, but the food wasn't outstanding. It's the music that makes the place worth the visit. Less showy and more authentic than in the French Quarter, this is the sort of place you come to hear interesting NOLA musicians.Great music! Spent two hours here and got dinner. Crawfish ettoufle was okay but the drinks were on point. It's a cosy place very true to the nola spirit.Really fun.  The best place on Frenchmen we visited for live music!A must for live music on Frenchman street, but you could probably pass on the dinner. It WAS really convenient as we booked tickets that paid for 1 drink + 1 entree per person, so we were able to walk in, sit down at a table and enjoy the live music while eating. Still, if you have limited time in New Orleans, I would grab dinner elsewhere and then head here for some music!Loved this place for great cocktails and a jazz show! I can't speak to the food-- but the cocktail menu is amazing! I had the Southern Peach, I was nervous thinking it might be too sweet but it was just right!  My friends each ordered drinks off the menu too and each cocktail was perfect (besides the Old Fashioned being a weeee bit on the very strong side). We watched a terrific jazz performance, and the staff there were all very friendly and attentive. Would love to come back to this spot!Great music and great atmosphere! The staff were very nice.. great place to swing dance... I love how the guys were dancing and everybody was awesome!!!!!!!!!!!Loved this music place - we went twice on our visit!  Such a great and diverse selection of music.  They start around 4pm and there are different style bands through out the evening.
It is worth making the online table reservation.
Katie was our server - and she really took care of us.On a road trip through the south. New Orleans was the MAJOR stop. Spent more days here than planned. Happily. 
During the random slightly drunken walks my girlfriend and I ended up at maison. 
Music is killer. Great space for live music and great bands in said space.  Good prices and good drinks. 
Great part of frenchmans street if you wanna get away from the frat guys and bachelors parties walking around on bourbon. 
Highly suggested! Or rather. Just do it.We had heard that this place is legendary, with great jazz bands playing while you have excellent food. We just had wings here and trust me, it was way better than the wings you get at those chain restaurants. And listening to the jazz while sipping on beer was a truly heavenly experience. This place truly captures the essence of NOLA.We came here for a private party that was being held upstairs. It was confusing when we first arrived because this venue also had something going on downstairs with live music. 
The party we attended had food catered and the alligator gumbo was to die for. I ate 2 bowls plus some fried fish and red beans and rice.  I should have asked them who catered it. smh.
The drinks were cool. They had what I was looking for, HENNESSY! 
We walked here , a long walk but we made it. Sweaty and dying of thirst.So disappointed with this place.
Went to frenchmen street for a bachelorette party and wanted to come here for dinner, but unfortunately they don't take reservations.
We got there around 730, figuring we could just hang around the area and asked for a table for 12 - i understand that is a LARGE group for a friday night - but the hostess said that they're sitting a big party now so in about 45 minutes-hour they should be able to accommodate us. I go back in a half hour just to check on the status and the hostess tells us "I don't think we are going to be able to sit you guys tonight."
ARE YOU SERIOUS? we could have put our name down at another place or eaten somewhere else earlier. The girl did not have any sympathy - in fact she was extremely rude about everything.
I asked about upstairs seating and she stated that that was only for private parties - keep in mind i emailed this restaurant from off their website twice a week before and got NO response.
If there was any doubt about sitting us they should have been honest from the beginning. all of this really is just unacceptable. take your business elsewhere.The flying pig sandwich is unbelievable! Huge portion with fries for under $10. Live music and great ambiance.Horrible water downed drinks for our entire party of six people....very disappointed :-(This was my second trip to Maison in the past 2 years. The first time we went it was dead and nothing was going on. I have little recollection of this first visit though, so it's possible that we just wandered in at some random time without checking the line-up/schedule.
On my most recent visit we were sent there via a few locals who said we absolutely had to go and see Lionel Ferbes, who, at 101 is the oldest jazz musician in NOLA. 
The performance was amazing, the energy tantalizing.....he actually played while he sang....it was a sight to see! The crowd was exactly what you'd expect to see...old and young alike, families with little ones dancing around. Locals in there Sunday best getting their groove on. Behind us sat Lionel Ferbos' cousin who was close to his age, she was asked to dance and obliged on several occasions. 
Gentleman approached my lady friends and I asking us to take a whirl...it was a fun and memorable experience.
Check the line-up in advance and arrive early as seats fill up. But if your left standing that's cool too.... they serve food as well and it looked rather enticing.My first visit to Frenchmen was a memorable one thanks to Maison.  I have to note that it was Jazzfest so perhaps the music was abnormally amazing.  The sound system was mind blowing (although it was extremly loud).  
$15 at the door seemed steep but it was the best $15 I've spent because the line up was killer.The service and the music was great. I can't review the food, because I didn't eat here, but I did enjoy the bar!Nice location for music on Frenchmen, what sets this place apart is the great sofa area in the back. Its a great place to chill and they have separate bands back there sometimes too. Enjoyed by experience.Friendly staff. Comfortable, pub style.  Loud contemporary jazz with good musicians, just not my style and we couldn't hear ourselves talk.  Terrible overpriced food - found five overlooked shrimp in my Shrimp Primavera after a long and thorough search. Hubby's steak sandwich tasted like fish. 
Decent tavern atmosphere. TVs at bar with football games on silent. Enough room around tables to scoot chair back a little, but not a lot (i.e., roomy for music venue standards).  Ended up here when wait at Three Muses was too long. Big plus: no smoking! But the place definitely smelled like a beer tavern. 
it wasn't terrible, but I would only go back if the music called out to me. Even then, I might take earplugs.It could be because I'm still in vaca mode, but dang this place was great!  I wish there was a similar place a wee bit closer.  New Orleans is a mecca of culture!  This place offers a lively respite on Frenchmen Street - which makes Bourbon pale in comparison - particularly in the level of class.  We watched a great group of musicians who plays weekly before Brass-a-holics took the stage.
Aside from the music scene, we tasted gator bites, sweet potato fries, wings, and other appetizers.  The peach infused vodka was quite tasty and they had some other in-house concoctions that looked equally lovely - a lemon basil gin if I remember correctly.
This place is definitely worth a repeat visit.  Win all around!This is one hell of a bar!
I have never been into this bar before so I really didn't know what to expect. One of my nervous ticks is the fact that I have an aversion to long lines or really huge crowds. Despite this I came in anyways.
This place had a live band playing. They were playing songs from the 60's even complete with the go-go dancers up on stage. I think the one thing that surprised me the most was the burlesque show. I had never seen a burlesque show before. The woman got up on stage danced and finally took off her top. It was nice to see boobs and best of all I didn't even have to pay a cover charge!
The bar was really crowded despite this the bartenders were rather friendly. Yes there were 3 bartenders on duty! It was really packed that night. I had a couple of abita ambers and watched the show.
In Short a good place the has bands, beer, burlesque and boobs!This is a great bar with reasonably priced drinks. I very much enjoyed my time here. There was live jazz music playing (although it was a bit loud for my tastes). I came here on a Thursday night and it was really busy, especially after 10pm or so. I would definitely consider coming back to this place during any night on Frenchmen.Good music, good service, good food and especially AMAZING sweet potato fries!  
Seats near the back are great because you can still hear the music but it's not too loud.When you walk into an establishment where a live brass ensemble is blaring their rendition of "Smells Like Teen Spirit", which then perfectly segues into a cover of "Back That Azz Up", lemme ask you, how are you not going to party here?
This exact scene was what I was subjected to upon entering Maison, after leaving a bluesier (read: sleepier) music venue down the street. Mind you, this was the third night of a gruelingly indulgent bachelor party weekend, and nearly defeated by New Orleans herself, I claimed to the group, "OK, one more bar" and pushed myself to give wherever we ended up next a shot. Thankfully, that place was Maison. If I'm to give myself credit for being out in public in the first place that evening, Maison gets all the credit for allowing my exhausted and sleep-deprived body to somehow keep the party going. And that's what we call a party miracle, people.
Frenchmen St. is a great alternative to Bourbon, with the focus less on, say, titties and more on live music, with a good mix of locals and savvier tourists. Maison was the liveliest spot we stepped into on the strip, and with no cover to boot (!), seems like an absolute no-brainer in hindsight. The crowd was mesmerized by the band's energy, boppin' and grindin' all over the dance floor, and the drinks were reasonable. Maison is not where you start your partying, but where you end up, whether that's at the end of an evening, or the end of another successful, liver-crushing, long weekend in The Big Easy.Fantastic music, great drinks, clean bathroom and spacious. We had a blast there and listened to a few bands. We even bought a few CDs from the groups. A great time indeed!No cover, great live bands, even better crowd! Came here randomly and everyone was dancing up and down. If you check in here, you get a free drink too! It looks like they have a full calendar of musical line up daily, so i will be returning asap.I can't say much about this place. We were here at an odd hour, about 5:00 on a Sunday afternoon. Our hotel was right across Frenchmen Street, so we dropped in for one last drink in New Orleans while we waited for the time our taxi would pick us up for the airport. There was a 3-man jazz band fronted by a guy with a lap steel guitar. A couple took a few turns around the small dance floor, even though the songs (one of which was an instrumental piece by Frank Zappa) didn't really lend themselves to dancing. 
The drinks were big and cold, and the server was quite cute and sweet. I really enjoyed my drink, which was tall and icy, made with grapefruit juice. I can't remember the name but I think it was at the bottom of the right hand side of the cocktail menu. We didn't eat, and I'm not sure if the kitchen open or not.
Because our hotel's balcony was just across the way, we had heard the music coming from here nearly every day/night, and we really had planned to spend some time here. It seemed like a nice place, and was only uncrowded during the brief time we happened to visit.
We were seated at a tall booth type structure with a table (on the right if you're walking in the front door.) On the other side of the room, (above the bar?) is a pair of silver air-conditioning ducts that come down from the ceiling and bend outward to be sitting atop a part of the bar covering. They look like legs with feet. The main thing I will remember about Maison is wishing they had decorated these air-ducts to look like legs with funky socks and shoes! To the Management: Get me some paints and a plane ticket and  I'll come back and make them look really cute (or, cool, artsy, sophisticated, mod, spacey, French, witchy...whatever you want)! You've got the foundation of a great centerpiece already set up! Don't let it go to waste!
We will definitely return!Strictly for the Tequila shrimp we had.  It sounded good but did not translate to the flavor.  For $20 - you get five shrimps with head on, which is great for us as we love to suck on the heads for the deliciousness.  The problem with the shrimps is they were not fresh and way over cooked - it was like jerky.  With that, there were nothing to suck on from the head.  
We stuck with the local Abita - I had the seasonal Strawberry and hubby had the amber at $5 each.
Will return for music but skipping the food.We stopped by this weekend. The music was terrific. Unfortunately, we were rudely treated by a server upset we had not been seated by the hostess. It was as if we were somehow supposed to know their policy. We sat for 20 minutes without a server coming by, and then, when I stopped outs, got a lecture on their policy. Ridiculous to treat out-of- towners like that.Found this spot in our first night in New Orleans and we made a right choice in this.  We started off at the bar with a couple of drinks and then made our way to the table when it became available.  The food was good but the music was awesome.  It was an awesome spot to sit and listen to some great local jazz with great drink selections.Good food, amazing music, great service. We have killed two cocoraches so far though, that is why I didn't give it 5 stars. The waitress reply was something like...it is normal in New Orleans. The place's doors are always open because of the heat, so... I guess "they come with the city" lol. Well, we had such a good time that even this didn't matter.Great place for food, drinks, and live music. We had the best shrimp and grits and pulled pork po boy here. Tried the crawfish and alligator bites too which were delicious! Service was wonderful. Really enjoyed the southern peach drink. Excellent live jazz! Had a great evening here! Would go back in a heartbeat!This review is about the security guards hired by the club. I went to Maison last week for a show. About 30 minutes in, I got really dizzy out of nowhere and blacked out 3 times in a 10 minute period. I had barely had anything to drink (half a beer and half a shot, right after eating a big dinner) and I don't do drugs so it was really really scary and I had no idea what was going on. The security guard who was standing right next to me when it happened not only DIDN'T help me, he told my friends to STOP helping me. I'm very lucky that my boyfriend was right there to catch me, without him they probably would have let me fall on the ground and left me there. I'm also told by my friends that while the security guard was telling them to stop helping me, he was talking shit to everyone around us about how I was probably on drugs. I don't do drugs. I'm a local, I live and work right down the street, and I have never been treated this poorly by so called "professional" staff in my life. Maison is a great club, but I definitely recommend going there with people you know and trust, because the staff they have hired will not help you if you get sick or if anything happens to you.The music is great with no doubt. However, I booked the reservations on his website and paid 10d for the seat (entree included). When I came, the guy told me that due to the busy business, the fee is considered as a seat fee...Ok. But the seat was not a good one and yesterday only four guys were in the maison...so, if you come, just for the music and drinks. I have to mention the food is just so so. You could get more delicious and local one in a more reasonable or the same price. And don't reserve online!!!My husband and I went to the Maison last night to hear some local jazz music before we left New Orleans fully expecting, based on the previous reviews, to have a subpar food and service experience, but we were completely surprised by one of the best meals we had while on our trip! 
I had a cup of red beans and rice for an appetizer and the penne primavera for my main course and my husband had a cup of jambalaya with alligator on top for his appetizer and pork chops with sweet potato mash and greens. Everything was amazing!  He has not stopped talking about the sweet potato mash! I also had an old fashioned with their seasonal vanilla infused bourbon and the Dixie Revival which was a grapefruit juice based drink with seasonal tequila infused with mango and jalapeño! What? It was amazing. 
Our server was certainly very busy and probably had too many tables, but she did a great job handling everyone and we never felt abandoned. 
Wish we had decided to go sooner! Couldn't recommend them more!Came here twice in one day. Different bands, each talented in their own way. Excellent (huge) pulled pork sandwich. It was well-spiced and served with perfectly done fries. Addictive jambalaya with just the right amount of meat to rice. No cover charge, but one drink per set. Larger tables may require food order at certain times of the day. Great servers with heart warming smiles. Loved every minute here.I had to organize a party for a student organization end-of-conference celebration.  This is an annual event. I cannot thank Maison enough.  Justin and his team helped me put together an awesome party for 300 in the upstairs loft area, and worked with my budget. It included some appetizers, well drinks, and a DJ spinning some kickass tunes. Everyone who attended told me it was the best party they had been to of all the year's they've been to the conference, and I really did very little. It was all Maison! They were well fed, and their thirsts were quenched. Thanks for making me look good!  
This venue is fantastic--the upstairs loft area seems like it has all these secret spaces you can hide away in or be in the center of it all. Meanwhile, the downstairs bar area seemed quieter, but lively as well.Don't understand why it has so many stars. Came on a Sunday night like around 8 and didn't get my food til 10. Waitress only came by twice. First timer to Nola and wanted to try food they specialize in...alligator, gumbo, crawfish, etc. Had the fried alligator bites and crawfish but couldn't tell which ones were which. Po'boys were alright, nothing special for their high prices.
Only positive thing at this place was the live jazz. Loved the music.
btw they had 3 stalls in the ladies room but 2 of them were completely trashed and flooded.Fun spot that I don't recall being here for my last visit 6 years ago. I haven't spent as much time there as some of the other joints, but the no-cover policy, lively crowd, and egalitarian spirit are enough to merit a visit if you're on a Frenchmen crawl.Every time I visit NOLA, I end up here. Music is always good. People are nice and drinks are cheap.I had an awesome time here in september. The vibe from the street seemed to be the most laid back compared to the rest of the places on Frenchman. The band playing was so awesome I almost didn't care about the really delicious food. They have some pretty cool infused drinks and I had 3 old fashioneds made with their vanilla infused bourbon. One of the best drinks I had while in new Orleans.A friend and I came here to listen to some music and they had a great jazzed band playing. The vibe of the space was very hip. They don't serve food too late and we just missed getting some (sadly), so we drank beer and watched the show. There was no cover to get in, so why not give them a try?In summary: four star food, one star service, and five star band (Jazz Vipers every Wednesday night). 
We went on a Wednesday evening and stumbled onto the Jazz Vipers. They were just what our New Orleans trip should be. Can't say enough good things about how great the band was. 
Probably because we were carried away with the music, we thought the food was great. So great that I went back to the kitchen and handed the cooks a $10 and got to tell them how good the food was. 
The service from the check in to food delivery was pretty awful. I had to tip to get a good table near the front, and then we waited an incredibly long time between seeing our waitress. It worked out great though becuase we didn't feel rushed to get out and had the chance to hear lots of great Jazz Viper music.I've been to Maison during a few different times -- general barhopping on Frenchmen, brass band shows on Mardi Gras weekend, and most recently during the 610 Stompers auditions. Maison has a few decent beers on tap -- usually for around $5, which is very reasonable by New Orleans standards. Last time I went they had PBR ($3) and a couple Abitas, Blue Moon and Sam Adams. They had some house infusions, which were intriguing but I didn't try. 
They have food, too. Don't confused by the specials board -- there are also laminated menus by the register. I got an order of chicken wings, which were just fine (but really, no celery?)
Only quibble is the bathroom is a little bit meeeehhhh (mysterious puddles of water on the floor, and bathroom door locks are unpredictable)
While it doesn't have as much charm as Spotted Cat or as coolness as dba, Maison is still  worth stopping by if you're traipsing around Frenchmen.One of the things I like about this place is there is a lot of space.  It's two stories and there are a good amount of tables to sit at.  The music was bumpin' that night and everyone was feelin' it too.  The drinks are decently priced so definitely a stop on Frenchman Street.Our group was from out of town.  We happened on this Jazz club.  The food was excellent.  Everyone in our group agreed that this was great southern food.  The music was excellent.  The service was attentive.  I would return here if I had the chance.Food = Amazing! Another bartender on the street recommended it to us because their kitchen was closed.
Service = Horrible! Our waitress would disappear regularly for long lengths of time leaving us sitting and waiting to order/make requests.
Still between the food and wonderful music, I would recommend for first timers in New Orleans who want a place to eat and listen to music, just don't expect to get taken care of quickly.Take it from a native New Orleanian - the Jambalaya is excellent. Crawfish balls were good too. Great band, ambiance and food. Had a good time.We came here after rehearsal dinner so it was pretty much a guaranteed good time from the jump.  
From what I recall (hello...inexpensive drinks and no cover) we had a blast.
The venue was packed but it's a huge place with 2 levels.  We hung out upstairs most of the night where it was a little less crowded but just as energetic
My sincerest apologies to the man that was sitting right below me.  I'm sure your head was sticky and gin filled.We came here at the end of a long night.  After Fitzel's, we were still pumped to see what else was out there.  We took a cab to French Street, stopped in this place and listened to the Cotton Mouth Kings play live.  There was plenty of space to dance and I wish I had found the place earlier with a dance partner.  Worth visiting.I really like this place! Checked out the Brassaholics here and although it was crowded, it was a lot of fun.
There was no cover or anything to get in. This place gets packed, so if you are going to see a band, you might want to go early.Absolutely blown away by pork chop - by far best dish I've had in New Orleans yet. Gumbo was excellent, as was the live jazz music.  Very attentive staff.Delicious food. I got crawfish bites and a cup of mac n cheese. The crawfish bites were super creamy and served with a delicious sauce. The mac n cheese was loaded. I think it had sausage in it? Either way super yummy. Prices were reasonable and ambiance was cool. They had live music of course. When we went it was a jazz swing bang. I would definitely recommend and go back except for I want to discover more awesome restaurants in my two days in NOLA :)This restaurant/bar is a great place to drop by randomly! The food is good? The drinks are delicious, and the ambience is relaxed, exciting, and entertaining. Try to go when there's a live band performing, it'll make you're night even better! The restaurant closes at 10 on Saturdays, so her in early if you're hungry. There's upstairs and downstairs seating. And as an added bonus? Once the band starts, you can stand right in front of the stage or watch from the balcony. You'll have a good time either way!Great jam on Monday night! Food and service wonderful.
If I lived in NO, I'd be in there every Monday for this.We really liked this place.  Roomy atmosphere, which isn't common in NOLA.  Then there's the fact that it's nonsmoking!!!  Earlier in the evening a swing/jazz band (The Rhythm Jesters) was playing and people were dancing.  Later on it got more packed as the Caesar Brothers Funk Box took the stage.  Drinks were decently priced.  They also serve food until 10 if you've got the munchies.No cover, great live music, pretty people to look at, and reasonably priced drinks. What more could you ask for? The space is ambient and dark for a romantic feel, well ventilated, and relatively large. And the live music? Super fun, Latin-inspired stuff on Sat nights. My favorite place on Frenchman.