It's was okay service was a bit on the interesting side as the person was new. Food presentation was good though they need to either add rice or more potato salad to the gumbo. Sprite was flat but I didn't need it anyways.We were strolling the French Quarter looking at Yelp and trying to decide where to eat. The hostess was at the open door welcoming passers by, I was hesitant but then took a look at the menu and decided it was worth a try. The decor looked updated, new and clean. There's a cool shaped tile along the bar and floor.  We learned it is a new restaurant. The picture of the deviled eggs on Yelp caught my attention but I ordered the chicken sandwich. It had yummy crunchy chicken and cole slaw in it, plus grilled sourdough that made it just right for me. The blasted Brussel sprouts - among the best I've ever had with fiery jelly, a great taste on it. I choose the grits because I wanted a real NOLA meal. There was corn in them and I think it made them tastier. My husband was happy with his NOLA pasta. We had a nice meal thanks to Yelp and the hostess. I hope they stick around so I can go back for the deviled eggs.The food here is amazing, the pricing is very affordable, everyone was very friendly. They have welcoming people there everything was amazingThis is a pre-review review based solely on the reviews I have read.  I am very impressed whenever a restaurant takes the time to respond to reviews.  It shows me they are dedicated to service.  No restaurant is perfect all the time, and not every employee is diligent.  But, the Governor's management's responses are direct and to the point.  I will certainly be stopping here my next trip to NOLA (in 5 looooooong weeks).Party of four, the female bartender had a HORRIBLE ATTITUDE. She complained openly how thin her patience was and complained to the other bartender about how people were getting on her nerves.  We ordered breakfast my order was the wrong meal, so our waiter re input my order. A hour later my party was finished with their meals and my food never came. I left upset and hungry!!!! Absolutely no way to run a business and no effort to fix the situation, highly dissatisfied and disappointed.Service was good, the Parmesan Chicken was tender and fried to perfection, wasn't too oily or greasy either. The bar tenders and GM were a pleasure to visit with, we popped in just to get out of the sprinkle of a Saturday afternoon shower and turned out to be a great experience!First impression not worth the hype of reviews. Waited for about 10minutes after I was seated before anyone came to even offer me a drink. Only person that did was the bartender. The tables on either side of me were served, but I was ignored. Bartender, she was very nice and attentive.
Food is meh. Not worth the pricesFAVORITE RESTAURANT IN NOLA! (so far anyway lol) Great service, amazing food. we went twice in in two days. The chicken and waffle is absolutely delicious. Their fig and blue cheese dip with pita chips are awesome. Honestly, everything we tried was really good --- including their drinks. A great spot for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. even if you arent into seafood, you can find something you'll enjoy.We were looking around the French Quarter for a family friendly spot that had good air conditioning ( NOLA is freaking hot and humid in August, especially with a fussy 16 month old!) And we totally lucked out at Governors. The staff were so friendly and understanding, made our little one feel good, and served up some great food and drinks. Special mention has to be made to the manager Bobby - he makes one of the most authentic  Sezeracs I've had in new Orleans. We just had the deviled eggs with oysters- absolutely great - perfectly cooked oysters! I could recommend this place more because of one big reason- attention to detail. Thanks for  a great experience!So I'll start with the positives... The place is super clean which in the french quarter is kinda hard to come by and I love the decor and all the old photos
I had the eggs Pontchartrain and split the french toast with my husband. Both were REALLY REALLY good.
The manager, Olga, was on top of her game and super pleasant. 
Now to the reason why I only gave 4 stars... Seems like they may be under staffed in the kitchen? Or maybe all the staff is new? I'm not sure. We sat upstairs but not on the patio but the waitress seemed overwhelmed with the tables outside and we were sitting for nearly 15-20 minutes before she came to the table. The manager got us our drinks and took our food order before the waitress ever made it to us even though she was told by the manager that she had another table. 
Our food didnt take extremely long, but longer than i feel like it should have and there were others who complained about the wait for food being like 35-40 minutes... I feel like its still a new place and still working out the kinks but my overall experience was good so if you can go knowing that and be understanding and patient, its definitely a place to put on your list to try. We will definitely be backI would have to skip this one on my next trip. 
It was a Wednesday night that was not busy.
 First when I arrived, there was a gentleman who approached me and said "Remember to take care of me and tip me on your way out." I wasn't sure what he meant as he didn't do anything. 
Second, I've been eating my way through the area and I found it odd that I was asked if I had a reservation. 
The food was good but nothing worth coming back for. The Oysters were average, the Brussel sprouts were good and the fried fish was good too. LOL beware, the menu does say fried lemon that seems to blend with the fried fish. Yes I ate a whole fried lemon slice thinking it was the fish. 
The odd guy from ealier actually worked here, cleared one dish from my table and wanted me to tip him. It was a very uneasy dining here for many reasons. 
Happy Eating!I happened to just be passing by and decided to stop in. I'm so glad I did. I enjoyed my food and I particularly loved the white chocolate pudding cake. The staff was very attentive.Absolutely LOVE this place!!!! Very great service!! Had the pleasure to meet the kindest woman ever, Raven, she knows great places to go to while visiting New Orleans and can make a mean drink!! Had amazing fried oyster deviled eggs they are so freaking good with a spiked lemonade!!! Hope anyone that comes here gets to meet sweet Raven!!Breakfast and brunch at The Governor is a wonderful experience. The service was attentive, informed and delightful. 
I had the Les Bons Temps Rouler Stuffed Omelet ($13.00)
Which has Crab & Shrimp Cake, Blackened Shrimp & Trinity, Remoulade Hollandaise, Sourdough Toast. Delicious!!
My wife had the Eggs Bayou Lafourche ($12.00). 
Blackened Shrimp, Sautéed Spinach, Capers, Mushroom & Tomato, Poached Egg, Remoulade Hollandaise, Sourdough Toast. She barely left me a bite, but that was also wonderful. 
I will likely hit this again tomorrow, it was that good!The Red Beans and Rice are out of this world.  I stumbled upon this place during a rainstorm and am so grateful for the rain that day.  It was a happy accident that led to my favorite meal from that trip.Great place to eat! Food was good and CiCi took care of us like we were family! She made sure we were good multiple times and immediately corrected any mistakes.OMGoodness!  We literally stumbled into this place because of its proximity to the Marriott on canal.  It's was close, and we didn't want to be our far in the rain!  What a great find this was.  The food, the service, the drinks were excellent.  I later found out it's new to the French Quarter... they have found their niche.  Go!The atmosphere was nice. We dined on the balcony but there were no lights, so we were fortunate the sun had not completely set so we could read the menus. Food did take a long time to arrive. The shrimp and crab cake sandwich was excellent. The fried chicken sandwich was nothing special, the chicken was good but the rest was just OK. Service was good and attentive, however, we were the only ones on the upper level, so that was expected.I came here because I passed by while walking around in the French Quarter the day before their grand opening. I decided to try it out a week later and was so happy that I did. The food was DELICIOUS! The fried gulf fish fingers were amazing, as well as the shrimp & crabmeat Claiborne dip. And I also had the peacemaker sandwich. These were all recommendations from our waitress who was super friendly and spot on with everything. The waitstaff was very friendly and always checking in on us. I highly recommend coming here, this is the sister restaurant of Creole Cafe. Will definitely be back the next time I'm in town....I was crunched for time and wandered in around 2:30pm.  The staff was very friendly.  I asked about ingredients - I unfortunately can't eat dairy.  They made sure the sauce I had was dairy free and gave me a side sauce of honey mustard just in case.  The food was DELICIOUS! I had the crab and and shrimp sandwich - I would travel back to NOLA just for the sandwich.Great gumbo and crab cakes! Stopped in for oysters but ended up loving the gumbo and crab cakes even more. The ambiance is average and the service was adequate, but the prices were much more fair than many New Orleans locations. Would definitely give it another stop when returning to NOLA.We came here off of a recommended source. From the time we entered the threshold of the door we were greeted with a smile and sat immediately. We had drinks, "the blaze" and "pear mimosa" which were both very good. We only got oysters for a quick snack. We got backed and raw. Both options were good and fresh. Overall great visit and very friendly, knowledgeable staff. Ask for a window seat, the people watching was the best part.Oh boy, where to begin?
Sat and ignored. Poor to very poor attention given on a Monday night. Was our waitress sick? 45 minute wait for appetizers which arrived at the same time as the meal. This even though we ordered the appetizer 30 minutes earlier?
We asked that the meal not be served at the same time but out waitress just mumbled something about her manager told her she has to serve the food now. Brussel sprouts served cold (I don't know if that was supposed to be that way?)  I feel that it was a shame that we have 48 hours in New Orleans and we had to waste two hours on this experience. The food was ok but I would recommend just taking pictures of the paintings on the walls and go somewhere else to eat.Went here for lunch the week it opened and wow what a wonderful surprise! We stumbled across The Governor one night and were beckoned inside by one of several greeters out front. We were headed home for the night but were handed a menu that looked interesting so came back the next day. For those interested, they have an all day brunch menu and I now know why.
Brian was our server and he was delightful. He gave us his recommendations on his favorite menu options for each section. 
Among the starters, The fig and andouille dish with pita chips reminded me of a tasty take on a fig pizza. The deviled eggs with fried oysters were among the best deviled eggs I've ever had. 
For mains, I had the omelette with shrimp and crab with a delicious roumelade and the best creamy grits I've ever had (I don't want to know how many calories must be in that dish). My lunch companions enjoyed their dishes as well. 
We're debating going back this week to further explore the drink menu and get some desserts.If I could give 10 stars! I would! Tasha's beautiful personality and face brought us in last night. She's a very sweet service manager! Our server Garland took amazing care of us. He was polite, and listened well. Definitely a tour guide! My friend and I are both so picky, so after explaining to him what I do and don't eat, he picked my meal for me as a game so I had no clue what I was getting. I had the crab cake and shrimp sandwich with potato salad, it was phenomenal! He also let my friend know her choice was good for her. We both left happy and full.
So tonight we swore we'd eat some where else, but we ended up right back at The Governor! The service and food last night was so good we knew we could enjoy dinner again! This time we had Ti as our server and she was so sweet and accommodating! She didn't seem the least bit annoyed at our being so picky. Garland wasn't even our server tonight but had remembered us so he stopped by our table to see how everything was, he even remembered what we'd discussed for dinner the previous night! Tasha was also here again, and made us feel at home as if we came here every night. I definitely recommend this restaurant for affordable, delicious food and quality service! FABULOUS SERVICE AND DELICIOUS FOOD!The service was incredibly slow. When we first entered, there were empty tables. However, the waitress asked the hostess to hold off on seating her. It took 20 minutes to get the first drink we ordered. The other drink we ordered took 40+ and didn't arrive until after our food. The food also took a good 35+ minutes. It had a good flavor and presentation, but parts  were cold by the time it arrived.Another great local restaurant here in the Quarter. The menu is great with little twists on classics. The drinks menu is no less impressive with little tweaks that make for unique and brilliant drinks.
Breakfast all day, good food, great people.We were there for just appetizer which included crusted artichoke hearts with marinara sauce, also spinach deep with crab cakes, all dishes were good. The service was excellent!!Great food! Great Prices! Great staff! If you're in the area check out this restaurant. Ask for Manager Tasha or server Tish!I reserved a group dinner for my Canon Photography Workshop on Saturday, May 19 at 1:00 pm for 21 guests, which was wonderful. The service was superb, the staff was professional, friendly and made our visit memorable.
When I visit again in November, I plan to reserve a group dinner for my team again as they LOVED the food, the decor, the hospitality, and the overall expereince.  KUDOS to the chef, the hostess at the front of the restaurant and the fun people who helped out our FANTASTIC server.  I forgot to get their names, but they were really a class act.  LUIS should be very, very proud of his team!
A MUST visit on your next trip to NOLA!Stopped for a cocktail and was met with a super fun bartender!  I had a few craft cocktails but if the food is anything like the bartender, CiCi..... I will be back again and again!!!Great food!!!! But the service is ok. Waiter was slow. Get the chicken and waffles and the loaded with pork potatoe bowl!Yum!!! I don't remember the name of the potato appetizer we had, but it was cheesy, potatoey goodness. The bartender made me a killer Moscow mule. I had shrimp Clemenceau, which the waitress recommended. My husband had red beans and rice and let's face it, in New Orleans, that's on every menu, but he said it was so good he could have licked the plate. Served with fried chicken and whole sausage, cut in half long ways. They serve breakfast all day and the French toast my kids had was topped with pecans and brown sugar bits. I stole some, it was pretty tasty. Wait staff was very attentive and didn't seem bothered at all by the fact that we brought three kids into a trendy French Quarter restaurant. They all played with the baby. Bathroom was super clean and well air conditioned, which is rare in the quarter, that in itself warrants 5 stars!We had terrible service during our trip here this past weekend. We waited about 45 minutes for mediocre, lukewarm, BURNT food. The manager only addressed ONE table in a crowded restaurant to ensure they were having a good time, bypassing at least 10 tables with people waiting unreasonable amounts of time for their food. The table busser did a better job serving us than the wait staff did, which was ridiculous. When we got the manager's attention, to let her know what a good job our busser was doing, she VERY unprofessionally disclosed to us that "he has a disease, Aspergers. So he's a perfectionist" which had NOTHING to do with the compliment I was paying the ONLY person who tried to make sure we enjoyed our meal.New restaurant, visit New Orleans a few times a year. Had the Election Day dinner. Fantastic everything.  Highly recommendCircumstances brought my friend and I here, but both us of were so glad we did!
Okay, so full disclosure: this wasn't our first choice. We wanted to eat next door but there was a wait. My friend didn't want to wait so we looked here and were like, "okay, sure".
We were greeted by the most lovely host who took us up to their second floor and sat us near a window. It was a rainy day, but it was still nice to sit and look out the window, even if all you saw were raindrops.
So we ordered our breakfast.
Naturally, I went big and got the Governor's breakfast: Three eggs cooked medium, bacon, pork sausage (patty), andouille sausage link (NOLA loves it's andouille sausage), choice of two sides and toast. My sides were potatoes and fruit. Why I didn't get that sweet cream corn grits is beyond me. My friend got it and it was amazing.
The food was served quickly. Everything was cooked perfectly. The waiter was super attentive even though you could tell her was slammed. Great service.
A day or two later we walked by us and the host who sat us recognized us, stopped us and asked us about our trip. She was the absolute sweetest. An interaction like that really makes the difference. Makes me want to come back there every time I'm in NOLA, that's for sure.Had a wonderful late lunch here, they are in a really nice corner in French  Qtr.  They have a good variety of Cajun Creole food and the food is very good and decently priced.  Service is very friendly, and they have a good number of tables as well as a bar that you can order food and drinks and watch the game.
For an appetizer we ordered the deviled eggs, which was really good as they also included caviar and a fried oyster, which was crazy and amazing. Highly recommend.
I ordered the duck and andouille sasuage gumbo, which was as rich and tasty as it sounds.  Duck is an excellent addition to gumbo and I don't know why more places don't offer that.  The smokiness of the sausages and the flavor of the duck was awesome.  They also throw in a scoop of potato salad which I hadn't seen before, but was good to offset the rich gumbo, that had a small amount of heat to it.  I also got the shrimp clemenceau, which was basically a hearty seafood stew filled with shrimp and mushrooms and corn grits, which was amazing.  It was really something I enjoyed and would definitely get again.
Great service and food, it met all my expectations.  Convenient location in the French Qtr, I wish them the best success.  Will definitely come back.We tried to go to Cafe Fleur de Lis for breakfast, but they were closed for the day due what appeared to be an emergency. I air boxed the sky because it's one of my favorite places to eat breakfast. This place is next door and it was raining cats and dogs, so we decided to wait the 30 minutes for them to open. Yelp showed us that all of our other faves had waits well over an hour.
The doors finally opened and we were the first seated and last served. How? I asked our server as well as the manager and they both told me that they didn't know why or how it happened. If you don't know, who does? No, really. Who?
My meal finally comes and has the nerve to be cold. It was this strange red beans and rice soup with a piece of andouille and fried chicken swimming in it. Who came up with this and why? Who asked for this? The beans lacked flavor and were soupy. I was suffering from the night before, so I tried to eat it. I couldn't get through it and left 3/4 of it. Hubs' pasta was a tiny portion and he said it lacked flavor. He ate it because he needed to. 
The manager stopped by and offered us a dessert. It was more of a punishment than a perk. The brownie was bland and the ice cream was meh according to my husband. My taste buds had been offended enough. I'll save my calories for Cafe Du Monde. 
It appears that this place is brand new. I can't say I'd give this place another try. There are amazing places to eat in the quarter. This is not one of them. Let my experience save you the time and energy.The food was just amazing. Plain and simple. My friend had the eggs pontchartrain and decided it was so delicious that she would eat in silence to savor he flavor. Lol. I had the pork potato bowl and the flavors were jumping out at me. It was delicious and I look forward to my next meal. The waiter was friendly and kind. Stop in for a bite and see for yourself.Enjoyed their spinach and artichoke dip with a crab cake on the top.  Had never thought about serving that way.  Added another layer of flavor!  Had a couple of cold beers with it!  Great late afternoon snack.  Will be back to try more of their menuIn New Orleans for a week and dined here 3 times. Love the authentic menu. The atmosphere is that of a family welcoming you home. Any chance I get to return, I'm sure to find a Blaze in my future. Thank you to the staff for taking such good care of us.Wanted to dine at Cafe Fleur de Lis, but the wait was too long for my patience and appetite. I passed by The Governor and the host greeted me so I decided to double back. There was no wait as there were many open tables and a bar. Overall, the brunch menu is semi limited, but it's served all day every day. I ordered the Eggs Pontchartrain for brunch. One egg was hard boiled and the other's yolk didn't run. While I've never experienced a well done poached egg, let alone 2 I'd give Governor's another try. 
Staff was nice and friendly, bathroom was clean and while there was no AC, the doors were open which provided a nice breeze. I'm not sure what the situation would be when it rains.The hostess was very sweet and even offered to take our pic when she saw us struggling for a selfie. Our server , the bartender "Ci Ci" , was genuinely happy to serve us. She recommended my plate , which I forgot what it was called but omg it was so good! I don't even like runny eggs but it was poached perfectly and paired so good with the crab cake! Cici also recommended the corn grits and cubbed potato sides  which were sooo good as well. All together great meal & service. The place was very clean and has charger ports by every seat at bar.
It was hot and muggy out so the place being nicely air conditioned was a plus !Brand new, very courteous staff, some hiccups as they are brand new but the food was worth it, and we're patient peeps.
Favorite dish the deviled eggs app with the caviar and fried oyster.  Stuffed omelette was good but not as good as wife's chicken and waffles.  Burgers looked fantastic.  This place will make it and I'd visit again.So we were waiting for our friends to be done with a tarot reading and found this place and decided to walk in to just hangout for an hour. The hostess was very welcoming and pleasant but we just wanted to sit at the bar. Our bartender was Cici and she made the experience very memorable in all the best ways! She felt us out to see how formal she needed to be and was respectful and pay the RIGHT amount of attention to us. I will definitely be back and highly recommend this place!We came in on a rainy night based on the reviews.  It did not disappoint.  We had the Chicken and Waffles and the Red Beans and Rice.  Both were delicious.
The chicken and waffles had a fig syrup that made it even better.
The red beans had an andouille sausage and the jalepeno hushpuppies that added the extra kick.
Cant wait to try it again.Wait staff was extremely friendly, food was amazing!! Had salmon with Brussels sprouts, sweet and russet potatoes w pork belly was a hit. Really good oysters!Excellent excellent excellent. So we weren't initially planning to go to this restaurant but the staff standing outside the door was so incredibly sweet. This was one of the best restaurants we went to all weekend. The food was really good and the service was spectacular. We were all recovering from bourbon street debauchery from the previous evening and the food here was PERFECT. I highly recommend the French toast.Nice place. The tequila was smooth and the food was delicious. Staff is young but caring.Food was great, it was a nice little spot. What was noteworthy was the service. KIA was amazing. The service industry is hard, but she provided exemplary service and she did it all with a smile!!!Walked in on NYE and were seated and served right away. Service was friendly and food was outstanding. Ordered the blacked chicken po boy...sauce was perfectly spicy and chicken was tasty!We saved this place for our farewell to New Orleans dinner and we were not disappointed. The waiter offered wonderful and tasty suggestions from their menu and was ever present making sure we had everything we needed. If I ever come back, this is a definite must.Was walking down the street and decided to stop in here for lunch and we're glad we did. Delicious food and fast service, especially at the brunch/lunch time when a lot of places were filling up quickly. New, fun spot. Would recommend to visitors.Brussel sprouts appetizer was REALLY good. Jambalaya was really good. Chicken and waffles ok. Pasta Nola good. Shrimp po boy wasn't my fav.The place is nice, nothing extraordinary. Food is OK and service is really bad. Came here for brunch and order a plate that included fried egg, the plate came without the egg so I told the person who brought it to please bring it... long story short I had to ask 3 people and wait 15 min for a fried egg (apparently no one could find the waitress ...) The food was cold by then, no one apologized. The restaurant was almost empty (2 tables) but the stafseem to be checking their phones, missing, or chatting with each other. Find another place, there are plenty of restaurants with great food and good service in New Orleans.Based on the reviews, we had high hopes for this place. However we were really let down. 
We didn't think much about it at first, but the table behind us had to ask for their check 4 times. They were repeatedly told it was coming. With each additional time they asked, they were becoming more visibly frustrated. 
I ordered chicken and waffles and my wife ordered an oyster and shrimp sandwich. My waffle was cold and my chicken was lukewarm. I commented to my wife that my dinner would have been outstanding had it just been hot. She replied by saying the exact same thing. Our waitress never came back to check on us, so we both just kept picking away at our plates. By the time our waitress came back (with our check) we had pretty much eaten enough to not be interested in eating any more. We told her that we both would've loved our dinners had they just been hot. She apologized and left with our credit card. A few minutes later the manager came over and asked if she could help us. We said we were fine. She asked if we were sure. We told her that if she was inquiring about our dinner, it was cold and we were disappointed. Rather than apologize, she explained that they have runners that bring the food straight out, so our dinners should not have been cold. She then told us that our waitress stopped by several times and wished we would've said something. As I mentioned above, after our food was brought to the table, we didn't see her again until she brought our check. We weren't looking for a discount or for anything to be comped, but under those circumstances, offering something would've been appreciated. 
 Aside from our experience, the woman to our left asked her waiter about something that was on her sandwich and explained that she couldn't eat it. Rather than offer to fix it, her waiter pointed to the menu and showed her that this particular item was listed as a part of what she ordered. 
Then the people behind us sent both of their meals back because something was wrong (we couldn't hear what exactly). 
If this was on a Friday night and it was busy, these experiences may be a little more understandable, but this was a Tuesday night, about half the tables were empty, and a lot of the staff was just standing there and/or walking around.
Had our food been hot, this review is 4 stars. Had the service been just a little better, and had we not witnessed the problems around us, this would be a 5 star review.Breakfast here was awesome! While everywhere else was busy and had long lines, this place took us in and got us seated pretty quick. Good, hearty portions and drinks are great! Ambience is also pretty laid back and has some interesting decors about the past governors (hence the name)Waited 30 mins for a salad and appetizer that never arrived. Literally 20 staff milling about but they can't get a simple order out of the kitchen. Working out the kinks would be a massive understatementSome of the BEST brunch/Cajun food I've ever had! India was the best server and they were very good about the bottomless mimosas ;)Excellent food and service, and very reasonably priced. We just had the breakfast, and it is as good as anywhere in the quarter! The sweet corn grits were amazing. Very friendly, and it has a cleaner feel than most places in the area.I had a great fried shrimp Poboy and my wife loved her Mathew Fried Shrimp salad. Also had 1/2 dozen oysters on the half shell which were reasonably priced and quite tasty. Our server, Heather, was awesome. They provided a 10% Military discount.
Definitely worth visiting.It was just okay, the crab cakes were all filler and no crab I could taste.  Gumbo roux tasted slightly burnt and there was no warning in advance of there being potato salad in it.  Staff was wonderful, the conversation was the best part of my visit!Tried it twice. First time they were out of oysters and the bartender was having a bad day. The second time they put us upstairs again. We waited 29 minutes for service and another 25 for our meal.
Don't think there will be a third timePersonally, the food was just ok. We decided to try this place due to its high reviews and left disappointed. My friend and I decided to share the Pasta NOLA and the fried seafood supper and found it to be, bland and cold. Their portions are fair for the price, but unless you add a bunch of sauces on top of it, the creole flavor and tasty, high quality seafood usually found in NOLA is just not there. The service, was also a let down. We were seated at a slow hour and it took a little over ten minutes for someone to come and get our drink order. Our drinks were never refilled and we were so neglected that we had to ask the bartender for ketchup and hot sauce because no other help was available. After having been there for over 40 minutes we finally get our food only to be let down again. The blasting AC made our food cold within minutes, oh and did I mention, our drinks were never refilled. Finally, we get our check and anxiously await to get our change just so we can escape the icebox of a restaurant. I never thought I'd be so cold in NOLA. If you're ever suffering of heat exhaustion this is the place to take a break, grab a bite or drink and freeze for a bit. You'll appreciate the warmth after a meal here.Oysters were ridiculously small. Service was good. The food overall wasn't bad. Just felt like something was missingExcellent restaurant typique avec de la nourriture créole et particulièrement des fruits de mer mais pas que ! Tout le monde pourra y trouver son bonheur.
Petit hic du soir où nous y avons manger, le restaurant accueillait une réception ce qui a beaucoup ralenti le service.Friends and I were in a rush to get food fast before a ghost tour, and Desmond at the bar took great care of us. He expedited our orders, was very friendly, and packaged everything really nicely. The chicken and waffles was awesome! And the military discount was great! Thanks for the amazing service, Desmond!We sat by the open doors and enjoyed shrimp remoulade and chicken and waffles. The shrimp were wonderfully seasoned and the fried green tomatoes were great. The chicken and waffles were delicious. The breading on the chicken and the sweetness of the waffles were a great combo. The hostess was cute as can be, our server was nice but slow - but after we arrived every table was filled  accounting for the slow service.Cool atmosphere. Great bartender with well made drinks.  Amazing food.  Deviled eggs with oyster... to die for.  Oyster with Brie our delicious.  What a great find.We met Tasha (A.k.a. sunshine) last night at a festival. She said we have to come here to eat! Best decision!  Angie was our server.  She was fun and quick!  The atmosphere was nothing but pleasant.  Thank you Sunshine for showing a couple Californians how they do things in the Big Easy!   The food was great and the people even better!Great food, atmosphere, location, and staff. I had the devil eggs with caviar and fried oysters, they were delicious.  Then I had 6 brie and roasted garlic and 6 bacon gratin oyster, great flavors!  Must try!  My friend had the le bons temps rouler omelette, very good. Staff was super friendly and attentive.Came here on Christmas Eve - had a minor miscommunication on the phone about the wait time, but the manager worked with us to get my family and I (party of 4) seated at the bar. 
The food was great! I don't have pictures of everything but the blasted Brussels sprouts with Mayhaw pepper jelly were DELICIOUS and the baked oysters with Brie and garlic butter were excellent. All of our entrees leaned salty but nothing unbearable, and overall portions were good for the price and everything overall was delicious. My dad also ordered a front runner cocktail which was some chocolate liqueur and mint and heavy cream (??) which I thought I'd hate but it was actually pretty good.
The service was a bit slow because I think we were at the bar, poor bartender was taking drink and food orders, serving food, making drinks, etc. all by himself (he was trying his best!!) but we definitely felt like our food was coming out a bit slower than what we would expect.Forget the Acme and Felix suggestions from friends. This place is the only place to go for oysters. We were with a large group and had 2 dozen of everything they had oyster wise. Zone 2 gulf oysters were the catch and everything from the raw to the baked cheese and bacon were outstanding. If this wasn't enough, the red fish na'wlins was fabulous as well. 
Great service, fantastic oysters and great drinks. My only regret was that I didn't double back and enjoy this place again while visiting the big easy.Was a little concerned when we were the only two people eating around dinner time, but the food was pretty good and the atmosphere was fun. Service was fine and friendly. Location is good and has a good corner view of some busy streets. Not quite sure why it was so empty but would go again.Great drinks..great food...good service went back twice for their signature drink with pineapple infused tequila...seafood platter was greatThis place was excellent! The host was friendly and inviting and Tasha the service manager was very quick and accommodating to seat our 5 person party by the open windows. The appetizers and entrees were delicious and very reasonably priced. Garland was our server and he was on point. Thanks for giving us a good experience!Food was spot on and the service was top notch. The inside decor was a bit lacking and nothing pushed them over the hump for that 5th star but overall, we were all thrilled with our choice!Incredible ambience, service and delicious food! We went to 3 restaurants for brunch and had some mishaps that lead to us Landing at the governer. Second floor was our seating and we chose indoor and not patio as it was nearing noon and the heat was disrespectful. My friend and I had brunch and the photos are included. They both were delicious and we will be backThe ONLY reason I am giving 5 stars is the redeeming personality of the bartender, Cici !!!!  I had to push past the inattentive staff that was more occupied with their smart phones than seating customers.
CiCi talked about their specials and drinks, she really was amazing and the food she recommended was super!
Thanks Chitown for making it a true Nawlins experimente!!This place is a cute whole in the wall, but service is awful and food is subpar. I went with a group for dinner and it took over an hour to get our food, and there was only 3 other tables there around 7:30pm. Once we started getting drinks, I realized it wasn't starting off great. Half of our drinks were wrong or missing, some people did not get their appetizers that were ordered, and one person in our group got the wrong food. We didn't send the food back, but rather the waiter said there was the same order being made in the back and he'll send to us. 30 minutes later, my friend got their order. To top it off, they put the group together on one check instead of splitting it. 
The food was alright, but nothing to brag about. Some of our hot plates were lukewarm and overly salty. I'm from this area, and the food was way better elsewhere...save yourself the headache and time.This place was great! My wife and me stopped in here for breakfast and fell in love with the food and staff! Our server was named TY ( not sure about the spelling) she was so nice and we really enjoyed having her as our server. The jambalaya here is the best I've ever had. The breakfast here is huge and you won't leave hungry!  I highly recommend this place. P.S. Sunshine the manager was hilarious and kept us laughing. Can't wait to go back!Excellent dinner. Had the rice and beans fried chicken entree and the sweet potato hand pie for desert. Very nice atmosphere. Nice and laidback. Service was really excellent. Highly recommend.OBSESSED! Great service, great food and awesome bottomless mimosas!!!!! This was a little gem that we found walking for brunch!!! The manager Sunshine was the sweetest, and absolutely took care of us! COME HERE!!Stumbled across this restaurant on our trip to New Orleans.  What a great find!  The food was good and the service was awesome.Outstanding, absolutely outstanding!! 
From first contact via phone, to 39 ladies from all over the country arriving for lunch and laughter, the folks at The Governor were a dream to work with. They took time and care preparing for our every need and on the day of our luncheon were absolutely great. The decor was charming and comfortable delivering a true Southern experience. We loved having the full service of our own bar on the second floor and specially trained, attentive staff, and oh my the scrumptious food...WOW...perfect tastes of NOLA!! They made us feel so welcome and comfortable throughout our visit...I would highly recommend, small group or large, working with the outstanding folks at The Governor, you'll be delighted with your experience!!Love this place!! We will be back the hubby and I loved this place! If your in the mood for some great redfish this is the place! Our food came out fast and hot really fresh fish no fishy smell we will be coming back for sure. Check them out guysMy husband and I walked a few blocks looking for a good brunch spot. The Governor caught our eye. $12 bottomless mimosas! Literally. Our waitress kept refilling our glasses without us having to ask. We had the blackened shrimp po boy and party time omelette. Both were delicious. Sunshine was an amazing hostess; welcoming and gracious. It was great talking to you. Thank you.Me and my wife went here for breakfast since there wasn't a line. We knew it wasn't a breakfast place, but we thought we would give it a try. The food was just ok, besides the grits, those were awesome! But I don't think they used real eggs and their orange juice was not the best. But the restaurant itself was nice, it was clean and had a great view if you sat by one of the open doors. We would go back probably.Very cool spot. Great oysters. They serve them two different styles but I would recommend eating both. 
Our server (Oyster guide) Cici was awesome and we loved this place a stopover on our exploration of the French quarter.Really good local food! I had shrimp Clemensau . Just a little too much garlic for my taste, but the flavor was very good. Hubby had the fried shrimp poboy and was very pleased. He thought the spicy coleslaw was interesting as it had large slices of jalapeños in it. We will definitely be back to try some more of this menu!The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because the hostess was rude and she had an attitude and started our experience off on a bad note.  We would have left had we not been really hungry.  However, the bartender, waitress and manager were so friendly and fun and gave us excellent service.  We went in for breakfast and bottomless mimosas.  The bartender made sure our glasses were never empty. The corn grits are so good and the pontchartrain benedict was delicious.  They have a vodka infused with olives, onions and greenbeans for the bloody mary's, very tasty.  Now, the oysters!!!  We had oysters at several different establishments while visiting NOLA, these were the best, very clean, cold, sweet and briney, sooooo good.  We ended up going back the next morning for breakfast.  Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.Excellent garlic parmesan chicken & hurricanes! Cici poured the best drink in the city!We just stopped in for a quick snack and had the chargrilled shrimp appetizer and it was delicious.Best Bloody Mary in NOLA!!!!!
Also, Jeremy deserves a raise ;) My family and I recently visited NOLA from California, and he dealt with our large group order (with a billion special requests) like SUCH a pro- fantastic customer service!!!
Also, SUPER gorgeous balcony upstairs- it was such a treat to enjoy their delicious Bloody Mary up there on my last day in NOLA. 
We will definitely be back on our next trip. Thanks again!!!Excellent lunch here.  The gulf fingers were lightly fried and delicious it was accompanied by fried lemons but a little too bitter for me so I just clung to the fish- sooo good.
Then we shared a chicken salad which was perfection on a plate.
What was more impressive and fabulous was our server!  As a former waiter I can honestly say this was top notch service.  Do recommend and will return!This is by far the worst service I've had in Nola so far! They brought us in for endless mimosas and our server never even came to our table! It took 15 mins for us to get a server.... then when she finally came I asked for an omelette.. I asked if I could simply add peppers to my omelette and she said no... I'm confused as this has never been an issue for me ordering food before! Food wise I recommend the garlic Parmesan chicken!Amazing shrimp jumbalaya! Also had the fish cakes as an appetizer and they were also delicious. The service was great and had no complaints!OMG This place is great, the food is really good and the staff very professional and their manager Tasha (Sunshine) made it all worthwhile.Tried this place on our recent trip to NOLA. So freaking good! We went back a second time. 
The first time I went it was for breakfast and I ordered the eggs Benedict with crab and shrimp cake. Great creole flavor, a hint of spice and lots of flavor with a side of jambalaya.
The next day was for lunch and I had the crispy chicken melt. That flavor was so multi layered, sweet, spicy, creole....so good. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and breaded. Then the cole slaw had some jalapeños for spice and the jelly on the bread was sweet and spicy. 
Overall I'd recommend this place to anyone. The staff was friendly and attentive and the food quality was so great for the price. A must go toGreat place! The bottomless mimosas are reasonably priced and the food is great! Our server, Isaiah, was awesome and made our experience here great!This place doesn't look like what you are going to experience when you stop in for dinner. Start with the small plates/sides and a cocktail. The oysters were sublime. We had both the Brie/garlic and the bacon/horseradish oysters. But the biggest and best part of this place is the staff. The service was amazing. Every part of this place makes you want to stay and come back tomorrow because you can't stay. So genuine and real. The family you want to adopt. Why you fell in love with New Orleans to begin with. The people that touch your life and make memories that you will talk about for years to come. Ti, Tommy, Tasha, and Desi are what put this place on Chartres.With so many great choices in Nola I am lucky enough to have stumbled onto this place. Highly recommend the oysters and the salmon!! Service was great too. This will be one of my definite stops each trip to NolaThis place surprised me.  It appeared to be relatively new - as the black and white wall tiles were extra clean and shiny, the paint was fresh, and the staff all wore super clean uniforms.  It sits across the street from the Chart House - which is the opposite of all of those things.  I had stuffed fish with dirty rice and roasted brussel sprouts.  My plate was cleaned in short order!  The white chocolate bread pudding was also wicked and wonderful.  Give them a try.Beautiful renovations . The bar comfy and with the amenities of bag hook and charging stations makes it a must go . 
The menu has many options for all food choices , including the vegetarian . 
Breakfast served all day is a win in my book .
Service , excellent . Our waitperson , Oran was professional , welcoming and knowledgeable . A plus . 
French Quarter , a must stop , may  become a regular when in FQ.The service here isn't fast (we waited half an hour for food with only two other people in the place) but the food is damn good. The Blasted Brussels Sprouts and the Seafood Cakes are top notch. They even have a good burger. And the staff are all super friendly and sweet.Came in from Houston for weekend. Ate here last night with my family.  I ordered a grilled chicken melt minus the slaw.  My order came out wrong with the slaw on it.  Kinda irritating but they fixed it relatively quickly. The sandwich tasted good but not $12 good.  I think a more reasonable price for that would be $8.50. If it was that price I'd probably give it a 5 star.  Now I do need to say that the French fries were exceptional.  Probably the best tasting fries I'd had in the last year.
I did feel $3 a pop for kids lemonade was a unreasonable. The staff were very pleasant and the waiter was on top of everything for the most part. The restaurant itself looked nice. The heater by the front was nice too!!  I would try them again the next time I am in town as the chicken and waffles were tempting.Great appetizers and cocktails and even better bartenders! Totally recommend the fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade. The pear mimosa is tasty and Steven the bartender was so amazing. He is knowledgeable of the town and the drinks. This was a better than our "Emeril New Orleans" experience last night, plus cheaper.  Will definitely be back for sure!!!Waitress is awesome very friendly and attentive. Bloody Mary was made with a spicy mix and was delicious. I had blacken shrimp andouille sausage and rice was a nice light dinner very nicely seasoned. Bacon horseradish gratin oysters were well done and seasonedHad the spicy shrimp and crab cakes. 
Spicy, yummy jalapeño, and aeoli but.... Crab cakes...
The baked oysters.... Delicious
And of course the pineapple jalapeño tequila! Yes please, and thank you. Bar tender was helpful with tips too!Stopped in when I was in town at the Essence Fest so happy we did. Everyone got something different and no one was disappointed. Great service. Amazing food. Cost friendly.We had just finished eating brunch in a "highly suggested restaurant in Jackson Square, left a little hungry and thirst even after paying $14 for a mimosa. Strolled a short distance and saw a sign for bottomless mimosas, door greeter Marina held a menu & a warm smile,  "See you tomorrow" sealed the deal. Came back Sunday. Clean, comfortable, quiet, laid back, don't feel crowded or hurried. Endless mimosas, the most delicious creole menu yet... we came for brunch, drank mimosas until time for oysters;) 
Jeremy was cute, courteous, spot on! 
"Sunshine" the service manager took her duties with a touch of class with a healthy dose of flair and frirneship. New favorite NOLA spot!!!!So I read reviews and thought I would give this place a chance because in for Texans game has TVs for football and read positive reviews.  Food was tasteless.  Way too much rice as filler for taste of New Orleans very little of anything else. No shrimp or 2 pieces of sausages in beans.  When my husband was asked by waiter how he liked dinner and gave an honest answer of not impressed.  The manager was aggressive and stood over our table for 10 minutes while we asked just to please let us eat our less then ideal meal in peace.  Instead of just an honest apology approach she made sure we knew that they were apart of a 24 restaurant chain and their recipes are the best maybe off night it happens... allow the customer to tell you their issue listen and just in a nice consistent considerate polite way say I'm sorry it goes a long wayCame in because I was hungry and wanted breakfast. I ordered the egg white omelet with mushrooms, spinach and feta cheese and it was so worth it. Very flavorful and healthy.Great service! Accepted our group of 8 people even as they were closing. Garland was an excellent waiter!Great little spot for an afternoon bite and drink. We stopped in for apps and drinks and enjoyed the balcony area - hot but fun watching all the people walking the street. For apps we had the alligator and a side of fries. For the price I wish there was more alligator, but only because it was delicious! The sauce it's served with is an app unto itself! Great place (with a balcony!) to stop in the quarter for good food and drinks. They even serve brunch. They also have sport TVs tuned to college football while we were here.I wish I could give this place 5 stars because the food was truly amazing. Unfortunately, the service was lacking to a point of issue. With so many amazing spots in the area it's hard to justify visiting again.Delicious food, prompt service, close to Bourbon Street but slightly away if you want it a little quieter. The Brussels sprouts are to die for and the oysters with Brie are amazing. You won't be disappointed.Food is decent and staff is very friendly and earnest. But decor is diner-like. And on coldest night of the year they would not close the door even though half the patrons had their coats on. We were told the door was required to stay open. Brrrrttt!!!Restaurant is a hidden gem. We were so hungry for breakfast and had a big group. All the other places were busy and for some strange reason this one was not. Stopped in, got seated right away. Super friendly service and great food. The eggs Benedict looked fantastic and sad I didn't order that, but had the party omelet instead with grits and yes, yes, yes...soooo good!Excellent, fast service. Really good brunch.
I had the governors breakfast and coffee. Reasonably priced and delicious. Just what I wanted. The staff is friendly and attentive.Great food and friendly service! Our friends went next door to the Fleur de Lis for brunch and they experienced the worst service and horrible food. We opted for the Governor because I wanted oysters and it was a great choice! We ordered the raw oysters, the bacon baked oysters and the deviled eggs. Omg the oysters were amazing!!! And the deviled eggs with the fried oyster on top also did not disappoint! We sat on the balcony and enjoyed people watching. One friend joined us after getting posted about the wait next door and ordered brunch from the Governor with us. It was a huge plate of food and was cooked to perfection. I highly recommend checking this place out!Wonderful Christmas Day brunch! Worth the wait for  a table as we didn't have a reservation and not much open in the area for brunch. We'd just arrived to town for a getaway and were hungry. What a find! Delicious entrees, coffee, and holiday cocktails. We ate at the bar and had great service from Tish!Delish! Isaac serves four group and he was great. Sunshine the manager stopped by and checked in and was super pleasant. Try the stuffed fish. Definitely a destination spot when you are in New OrleansPART OF CONGLOMERATE CREOLE CONCEPTS
which includes other cookie-cutter formulaic eateries around the Quarter like "Chartres House", "Creole House", "Kingfish" and "Curio".
AT PRESENT IT IS A GOOD VALUE
The hamburger plate is just $12, the delicious crabmeat and shrimp sammie is only 13. But prices for similar items in its older, sister restaurants are higher. So check the current menu prices before you commit. 
PRO-TIP:
Because the overly huge buns are toasted they are easier to hollow out. Add a side order of their "camp sauce", a bland remoulade.I came here as recommendation from my neighbors. Everything was delicious!! Generous portions tasty drinks. This is added to my must visit list in New OrleansThis place is amazing! We went there for brunch and the corn grits and potatoes were so good! I also had the bottomless mimosas. Our server Angie was very attentive and made us feel like home. We met the manager Tasha who really made our experience in New Orleans one to remember! She provided the best customer service I have ever experienced in my life. Our host Angela and bartender Steve were also great! We will definitely be coming back on our next trip to New Orleans.I was looking forward to eating here after reading all the good reviews, but never got a chance to. I called ahead to ask if they have availability and they said there was no wait at all. I walked over with my family and had to wait for over 30 minutes. When we finally sat down, the waitress started off by saying, 'let me tell you what we don't have first.' In my head, I'm thinking, 'uh-oh'. So she continued on and said that they have no seafood. Seeing that the restaurant's name is The Governors Seafood and Bar, one would have plenty of seafood to choose from. Unfortunately, the restaurant was completely out of seafood. This upset me bc I had called ahead to confirm and they hadn't mentioned that to me. It was honestly an extremely disappointing experience.The service was great. India and the manager Tasha were awesome. The food was delicious. TbanksIf you would like to watch other people get their food, then be my guest while receiving your food cold then also be my guest. Displeased. Tipped my waiter for the some time mimosas but neither service nor food was up to par.I loved the fried alligator (first time for me!) and the oyster po boy sandwich. The fries were perfect! My friends had the 4 plate sampler and they said it was 'meh' but I'm sticking with the 4 stars for my dish and the service was also good. Booked this on open table which helped us get a table fast.Good ole southern food we had a bit of it all we truly enjoyed the red beans and rice, we all ordered an additional serving. there was no wait for a Friday night we were able to get a seat pretty easily. Fried Seafood platter, Crab & Shrimp cakes, and Red Beans & RiceSo disappointing! While we were there, they tried to fit 6 of us at a table of 4, even though the place was not crowded. Their tap broke, so no draft beer. They ran out of pasta, so we needed to change our order. And, they mistakenly tried to charge us for the pasta meal that we never received. Reviews looked good on this place, but that was definitely not my experience.Came here Sunday morning after my first night In NO. My hangover was killer and I wanted to die but our waitress was very sweet. She came to check on us frequently to make sure we had everything we needed and even offered peppermint oil for my headache (it helped so much). The food came and it looked delicious but I couldn't eat. I did eat those grits and OMG they are amazing! My mom and daughter loved the food they talked about it on the way home to Houston.  Friendly service by everyone even the beautiful manager (loved your pants, girl!!) have to come back and try this place out again.A bit of a hidden gem among the plethora of choices in this area. I stumbled into this place looking for an early dinner spot in NOLA. Started with the deviled eggs and a half dozen raw oysters. The deviled eggs were great. Really well thought out with a fried oysters and a touch of caviar which led to a good balance of flavors and texture. The oysters were great! I've had oysters on the west and east coast and they were good, but these literally melt in your mouth! We later went to another place thinking this was the standard but The Governor stood out in terms of our NOLA raw oyster experience. They oysters and the condiments were both really fresh. 
I also had the 3 plate sampler of which I chose the crawfish étouffée, gumbo, & jambalaya. Small portions of each, but definitely enough to fill you up all together. All three were really good with the jambalaya being the star for me. 
I was only in NOLA for 3 days but I made it a point to go back, especially after being disappointed in other places. On my second visit I had to have the oysters again, if nothing else to see if they were consistently good. They were! Also got the chicken and waffles and a couple of nice cocktails. The wait staff and bartender were super helpful and attentive. An overall great experience and a must if I ever find myself in the area again!This is my first time in New Orleans and I've been searching for the best creole/cajun cuisine around. I was not recommended this place but just stumbled upon it because they had a sign outside that they have $12 bottomless mimosas everyday!!!!! SO glad i found this place I ate the french sounding crab cake shrimp omelette with a side of jambalaya and it was DELICIOUS. the jambalaya was the best ive had yet. My friend had the shrimp clamenceau and it was even better. 10/10!!! Our servers, India and Renè were wonderful and mostly quick to refill our mimosas. great atmosphere and will remember this underrated yet authentically magical place when I come for another New Orleans visit!!!!On the morning of the 10th of February, my family and I were on our way to another restaurant for brunch when we greeted by the staff of The Governor. Their friendly faces and assurance that we would definitely enjoy ourselves and have a wonderful meal got us in the door. The manager, Tasha (Sunshine), sat us personally and was very attentive during our whole meal. The food was excellent and the customer service was impeccable. We were so impressed with the service at The Governor that I am still sitting at the table while writing this review. I would recommend this restaurant to any and everyone.El desayuno de este local es brutal. Y lo mejor queda  cerca al borboun street, llegue a este local por pura casualidad. Su atencion es magnifica, la rapidez en servirte la mesa es insuperable,  y lo mejor su comida, me encanto , definitivamente hay que visitar este sitio de nuevo.After a long flight I decided to do some walking around the area and stumbled onto this restaurant. The door greater " not sure if that's what it's called " was very welcoming so I went in to grab a bite to eat. This would be the first restaurant I ate at in NO and it by far was one of the best. I got the shrimp/chicken jambalaya it was great to say the least . The prices were very affordable & they Def make stiff drinks ! Try them out if you get a chance .I come here just about literally everyday because I love the Pasta Nola. I work across the street so it's pretty convenient for me. I phoned in my order 10 min before I walked over ( they said it would be ready in 10 min ) I came over & not only was there nobody in sight at first there is a whole group lallygagging not one person asked if I needed help (although I'm not sure if they were off or not) SO I asked one guy I seen he told me he would get somebody for me. So someone finally came out & I was informed it wasn't even rung up nor was my food done. I'm on the clock btw lol luckily the crab cakes are worth waiting for.. I usually tip but this situation was handled poorly. Food is pretty good tho!
The extra wait and my food IS NOT HOT!! Disappointed & if your bartender name is Brian RUN !!! Thank me laterGreat lunch. Blackened shrimp po boy was excellent. Fries and jumbalaya were also great sides. Service is outstanding. We were not drinking, but they have a nice cocktail menu, and some juices/mixers at the bar. The pineapple and jalepeno infusion looked good! Highly recommend this place if you are looking for delicious southern food.Delicious food. I loved the oysters and crawfish ettoufe. Good party atmosphere! Seems like this is where the locals go to get good Cajun food for a great price.We arrived at 3:30pm on a Friday and sat at the bar.  Bartender was very attentive and drinks were great. We had all three types of baked oysters. Brie& Roasted garlic are the best ones.Came here for brunch on Fat Tuesday as there was no wait compared to every other restaurant in the area. We were seated promptly and placed our order in fairly quickly. The food did take quite some time to be made and brought out to us, a little longer than I thought it should have given how slow the restaurant was at the time.
Regardless, the food was really good once it was brought out. I got the "Loaded with Pork" Potato Bowl which contained pork belly trinity, hand-cut sweet & russet potatoes, fried eggs, and white cheddar. I chose the sweet corn grits as the side which really stood out to me coming from NY where grits are liquidity. I also got to try out the Hammy Sammy which is essentially just a ham, egg, and cheese sandwich. Also really good and it was heavily loaded up on ham so you're getting your money's worth. Also worth noting that the orange juice here is not worth getting as it tasted like processed juice.
Definitely enjoyed my meal here and would come back for brunch again.Isaac at the bar is the most patient and helpful employee. He will assist you with your every need. Also, the oysters and deviled eggs are DELICIOUS! Give them shout! ....and the drinks are dangerously delicious.Very slow service. Food is okay. Very loud restaurant. Not the best place to go to in NOLA.For our last day in Nola, my friends and I decided to brunch being it was a Sunday and we had the whole day to kill before our flight. I stumbled upon The Governor through Yelp and needed to find a brunch establishment that could sit 13 people together. I was having a hard time finding any place that could but The Governor was able to seat my friends and I together. We showed up about 45 minutes early for our reservation and they STILL accommodated us by seating us as soon as possible. It was raining and cold outside and we had nowhere else to go. The food, customer service, and atmosphere is AMAZING. Will recommend this establishment to anyone traveling to Nola. Thank you for everything!My friends and I came here for lunch one day. The food was outstanding and the service was top notch! The hostess, Da'-Jhonay was extremely friendly and helpful when we asked about things to do in the area. Our server, Jeremy provided quick service and was super helpful when we had questions about the menu. The manager Tasha, was AMAZING. She was so friendly, welcoming, and provided an excellent ambiance. She went above and beyond to make sure we had an enjoyable experience in the restaurant. The food portions were generous as well as the bottomless mimosas. I highly recommend this place!This place is highly recommended! Everyone from the hostess, the server, bartenders, and especially the management are professional and friendly! Bottomless mimosas and amazing food! We came twice while on this trip! Shout out to the manager Tasha for being able and Ms. Nancy for being an amazing server!This place was amazing! My family ate here during our stay in NOLA and honestly wanted to double back the next day. Everything from the Starters, main entrees sides, and beverages were tasty and on point! I highly recommend this place if you love seafood!Food: overall, yummy! Not the best ever in NOLA, but very close to it. Highly recommend the pasta NOLA. The fried green tomatoes were truly disgusting. 4 star on taste. 
Price: incredible. One of the cheaper dining restaurants with good food. 5 star on price. 
Location: great! 5 star. 
Service: great! 5 star. 
I will return here!! Enjoyed this place.Thank you Sunshine, Lindsey & Sparkle for an amazing dining experience. Awesome food, customer service and fantastic dining experience.The excellent reviews for this place seemed a bit misleading.
The menu had standard offerings.  While the food was good, there wasn't much about it that made us want to return.  It seemed more like a chain restaurant that catered towards mass appeal more than anything.
The service was decent but again, nothing special.
For those who just have to dine in the French Quarter without spending a ton, this is a good option.
However, there are far better options if you are willing to walk a little farther away.Cici is the bomb.com and will definitely take care of you!!!! Come here for good drinks, good convo, and a good time. Reasonable prices and good conversation!!!!! Customer service is A1!!This place doesn't even deserve a one star!  Do not go here!!!   Had crawfish etoufee and it was barely warm, but was so hungry I didn't send it back. Also had the oysters on half shell. Terrible as well.  I woke up at night with food poisoning!  Makes you wonder how long ago the health inspector hasn't been there.  Stay away!!!We were in a hurry trying to find something quick for brunch on New Year's Eve. They got us in right away and our service was excellent! The food was amazing! We ordered the red beans and rice, the buttermilk waffle, and the hammy sammy with bacon instead of ham. Everyone was more than pleased with their food and overall it was a great find!I love this place.  Very reasonable for Nola, great staff and loved the food.  Had the awesome fried green tomatoes topped with a not overly spicy grilled shrimp and a remolade.  But if you like spice get a margarita with their house infused pineapple jalapeño tequila.  Breakfast served till 4pm since the parties go late here.  Do the Les Bon's omelette!
Perfect omelette topped with blackened shrimp and a remoulade hollandaise AND a crab cake nestled in the middle of the omelette.  OMG!When we first got here we asked to sit upstairs and they told us there was no upstairs seating even though there clearly was. Then we wanted to order bottomless mimosas before 4pm but we waited so long for someone to take our order that we barely had any time to order our drinks. They were also not accommodating and not willing to make adjustments to the menu. But I will say the food was tasty.We went in yesterday for an afternoon snack.  We decided on the deviled eggs that feature ghost pepper caviar and are topped with a fried oyster, the blasted brussel sprouts with pepper jelly and the baked oysters with horseradish and bacon.  The oysters on the deviled eggs were just a bit over cooked but the eggs were delicious.  The brussel sprouts were flash fried and tossed with pepper jelly they were absolutely amazing.  The baked oysters were also very good.  All of the wait staff and the manager were very attentive.  Out cocktails were very good too.Made a reservation for 11:45 am bc we wanted to try their brunch. Table was already set up when we got here. We started off with bottomless mimosas. Our waitress was Kendra and she never let out drinks get too low. The food wait wasn't that bad. The food was amazing. I will definitely recommend.This place was awesome! Service was kinda slow which bumps it down to 4 but it was New Year's Day. I got the peacemaker and it was awesome- French fries were great too. We also had the Brussels sprouts which were great! Made me like veggies. A very unique environment. Loved this placeOmg the food was amazing! I came to NOLA for the first time and LISTEN the food did not disappoint. We had the shrimp and crab oysters AMAZING! We also had the the bottomless mimosas and chicken and waffles and that dog sauce just melted in my mouth. My friends and I was super satisfied and to top it off we have these sweet potatoes bites with cinnamon ice cream. Truly MELTED in my mouth. My server ISAAC was the sweetest and best. Please give him a raise, cause we left full and tipsy from the bottomless mimosas it was the BEST $12 spent!Had a great breakfast and good time at The Governor. We happened upon this place while waiting for another breakfast spot. We had 8 people and they accommodated us very quickly. The manager herself waited on us and seated us as well. She was very kind and created an inviting atmosphere. The food was sooooo good as well as the drinks. Will definitely come back. Thank you Tasha Sunshine and Jaeda.I stopped into this fine establishment because it was on the way to my final destination. What a pleasant surprise! The food is outstanding and only overshadowed by the super kind and attentive staff. I was lucky enough to have Jared help me out. He made great insights into the menu and helped me select the best entrees. The baked oysters are outstanding and the blackened shrimp Po'boy is a must try. Don't pass this gem up!This place is awesome spot with unlimited mimosas! The food was reasonably priced and delicious! I ordered the governor's breakfast which came with 3 meats. So plentiful! My friends had the eggs Benedict, which was to die for! Bathrooms were immaculate! Also, if you are lucky to get the waitress Nancy, you are in for an extra special treat! She is cute as a button with excellent service!Ate here yesterday and had great service and awesome food with reasonable prices. We had the alligator bites, boudin bombs, blackened redfish and shrimp jambalaya and it was all top notch. I loved the Brussels sprouts and jambalaya that came with the redfish. Definitely talked about coming back here while visiting NOLA. May stop back by to see Sunshine and have some great food.We were waking down the street trying to decide where to eat when a staff member was standing at the front door told us we should come in. We asked to look at menus and I wasn't really feeling the place but we were tired and hungry so we went in. 
The lighting is so bright. Why?! Lol that's my one complaint about the decor. 
The staff were awesome. Our server Noel was a really sweet, articulate kid who really knew his job. He was on top of everything. 
The fried gulf shrimp deviled eggs were amazing. The spinach dip was pretty tasty as well. Many friends got the raw oysters and loved them. I got the Cajun stuffed fish because Noel expressed how much he loved it and I wanted to try something different. It was pretty tasty. The brussel sprouts were bangin and I really enjoyed the jambalaya. A couple friends got sandwiches and they said they were good.  
I think we all left pretty full and happy overall!I previously called in advance to organize brunch tables for my 21st birthday. They assured me they would seat us upstairs and have tables set up for us when we arrived in about an hour. When we showed up, the hostess accused me of never calling and that she had no idea what i was talking about. when i showed her the phone call she stood corrected and continued to make us wait 15 minutes. then it took another 15 minutes for the waiter to actually come up to  us. it took him about 10 minutes to actually write down our order and another 15 to enter it in the computer. at this time we were still without drinks. although there were about 11 of us, we were his ONLY table so his focus was only on us. we ordered bottomless mimosas and half of us didn't get a drink for like 20 minutes, moving closer to the time bottomless mimosas ended. when we complained, he continued to move in slow motion and make rude remarks. he honestly ruined my experience at this place and they need to do better training of their servers and hostesses.Great restaurant.  
Vieux Carrie red fish was five stars all the way. 
My daughters got the red beans and rice and the chicken and waffles and loved them. 
I would totally come here again. 
Not crowded. I was surprised given the quality of the meal.Lindsay was awesome!! We were here for a bachelorette weekend and stopped here for our first dinner and loved it! The staff was more than accommodating and made great recommendations. Prices are so reasonable and food was delicious. Again can't say enough good things about Lindsay! Come here if you are a local or just in town for a quick trip :)Great food with even better service! The gallery was beautiful lined with colorful flowers. Was a fantastic "last meal" for my weekend visiting NOLA.This was the best food I ate while visiting the French quarter! I went to all the top reccomended places and this was one of the best! The service was wonderful and the food was fresh. Anytime I'm in Nola I'll be back.Came for brunch on a Sunday. Sat right away at the bar. It was not crowded. They have unlimited mimosas until 4pm. And they keep them flowing. 
Initially the service was unattentive and slow as there seemed to be some scheduling issues but customers should not have to suffer at management's flaws. 
Despite that, the food here is very flavorful.  The reason for 3 instead of 4 stars is because of the scrambled egg whites with cheddar cheese i ordered.  The chef really struggled to get it right. 1st time it was regular scrambled eggs with yolk no cheese.  2nd time it was scrambled egg whites no cheese. But the kicker was they gave me a slice of cheddar cheese to put on top. Not melted or anything.
The jambalaya was very good. The egg whites were cooked great. Bacon was undercooked but they corrected that immediately. 
Customer service 4*
Flavor of Food 4*
Chef 2*
Ambiance 4*
So it's 3.5* but I would have given a 4 despite the issues that occurredThe place was very quaint and low key. All the food we ordered was over the top delicious and so was the service. Sunshine (the service leader) checked in many times to make sure everything was how it should be which was great. I highly recommend this place if you're visiting or a local!Great food. Great service. Brunch until 4. My server Alan was awesome and the manager Tasha also did a great job recommending there sister restaurants.This was quite honestly the worst experience I've had in New Orleans which was quite surprising based off of the reviews. We had an 11:15am reservation for a bachelorette party for brunch for 9 people. When we arrived there was no one in the upstairs seating area. About 10 minutes later a group of 11 came in. I'm not even joking when I say they received their drinks, appetizers, and food before we even got our DRINKS. When the food finally came out half of it was cold. We got charged for stuff we didn't order and we weren't asked if we wanted a refill on a single drink in the 2.5 hours we were there. We had to ask multiple times if we wanted one. It took 13 minutes to get cream for a coffee someone ordered. Ridiculous.The manager and hostess were amazing and they have bottomless mimosas. The jambalaya was the best part of the meal though. My omelet was terrible, the gumbo left something to be desired and most of our food came out wrong. We waited over an hour to be seated but the manager was really friendly about it. The waitress was way to busy to pay attention to our table and we were often times looking around for someone. I would like to see what their lunch menu has but I won't order anything with eggs here again. I'll probably only come again for the bottomless mimosasOh my goodness such a great restaurant.  Food was amazing.  The deviled egg with the shrimp is a must order.  Our server wasn't very attentive but everyone in our group was completely satisfied with their food.  So we will come back!!We were greeted and seated at a table of our choice. The menu isn't huge which makes deciding what to order very easy. I had the Sugar Kettle Salmon. It was cooked perfectly and the flavor was outstanding. I loved the sides as well especially the Blasted Brussel Sprouts. In fact, after tasting them I quickly placed another order for a side. My companion was gracious enough to share some of her potatoes with me. They were good too! The location is well lit and clean. Employees were friendly. Food was DELICIOUS! I recommend them!Came here after seeing great reviews and that they had $12 bottomless mimosa (a steal!) We were seated right away and our waitress India greeted us immediately and was on top of our mimosas! The food was DELICIOUS!! A couple of us got the basic breakfast which is a classic. One friend got the crab cake and shrimp omelette with a side of jambalaya and let me just say, the jambalaya was the best I've ever had. Soooo flavorful!!! My other friend got the garlic oysters and I tried one and they were so good, I've never had an oyster so delicious. She also got the shrimp clemencheau and the broth and shrimp was amazing. I'm so glad we came across this place because we were not disappointed!!!It's my last night in New Orleans and I came by here shortly before closing. They took great care of me. They made sure I had everything I need and was making sure I was super satisfied. Lindsey recommended the Cajun stuffed fish which was amazing ! Sunshine and diamond were great. Kept me smiling my whole time there. I definitely want to come back the food was great service great whole staff lovely !This was one of our first stops after settling into our hotel. We didn't know what to eat or where to go, so we headed into the French Quarter. For whatever reason, we wanted to try some of the oysters that people were ranting and raving about. As we walked along, we stopped here to check out the menu. We were also lured by the $12 bottomless Mimosa signage. However, it was not enough for this to be our first choice, so we continued walking.
We were looking for The Praline Connection, but apparently it is no longer in business or had moved to another location, so we doubled back around to The Governor. The first time we stopped by, we were told that the wait was about 20 minutes and by the time we returned, we were immediately seated. We were escorted to the upstairs portion of the restaurant. The upstairs was much brighter than downstairs at that time of day. The upstairs was really busy and also very noisy.  There appeared to be a family reunion or something going on, so it was kind of odd being in the midst of their activities. 
We placed our orders rather quickly, but the food took awhile to be served. We had a friendly waitress. I ordered water and my daughter ordered a lemon drop martini and a Hurricane to go. It was about 12:30 pm, so I decided to wait until after I'd eaten to even think about an alcoholic beverage. We also ordered the charbroiled oysters and Shrimp Po Boys. The beverages arrived quickly. When the oysters were served, they looked tasty. The presentation was good, so I automatically assumed that I was about to taste something amazing. They were not bad, but they certainly did not have the expected "WOW' factor. I thought they lacked flavor, so I added a lot of hot sauce to give it a kick.  
Aside from the oysters, the Shrimp Po Boys were excellent. The shrimp were abundant and falling out of the sandwich. I was very pleased with how well the shrimp were fried and the sauce on the sandwich was just right. The Po Boys were so good that we returned on another day to have them for dinner.Went here Saturday of Mardi Gras, absolutely amazing hospitality. Sunshine the manager made sure we had drinks while waiting for our table and managed to get us in quickly when we thought it was going to be a 30 minute wait. Professional and thoughtful, 10/10 recommendThe shrimp po boy was filled with nice pieces of shrimp. The gumbo with potato salad was good. The Boudin bombs were a nice amount of heat. We came here for lunch and it was a nice treat. They had all you can drink Mimosas.. the waiter was very knowledgeable and gave us tips on where to visit while were in town.Amazing, what more can I say? Steven was our server and he was incredible. They have bottomless mimosas until 4pm and it is definitely something to take advantage of. However the food was amazing. Some of the best I have had in Nola: Thanks for the great apps,  food, apps and service. Will be back next visit.Good location, great prices, great service..... some of the freshest seafood I've hadwe had the most amazing breakfast here today!! The Les Bons Temps Rouler omelet was beyond delish, and Sunshine the manager and Alexis were the BEST at taking care of us. My wife had the Vieux Carre Benedict. We are only here a few days but we will probably be back!Went there for brunch on a Saturday, food was pretty good, but service was a little below average.  Had to ask for things several times, such as butter/jelly for toast, syrup for waffles, etc.  Took quite a while to get food, but we didn't have to wait very long to get into the place so that was a plus.  What I experienced would not stop me from going back again.  Average experience.Came with as a group of 6 a couple weeks back to celebrate a birthday. 
Wasn't too crowded when we came in and we were seated quickly - the space is great and the hostess very friendly.
Our server was polite, attentive and helpful. We started with some apps - alligator (the best we had while in NOLA), raw oysters (YUM!) and baked oysters (also pretty yum.)
I had the combo seafood platter with fish and shrimp. Holy wow - it was a TON of food. Order this if you are SUPER hungry. 
Great variety to the menu - there's something for everyone here, which was why I picked it. The Governor Seafood & Oyster Bar didn't disappoint.Sunshine and Jarred were terrific.  You can really easily tell when good people are doing something that they truly love and are passionate about.  We just happened to stumble upon the governor and are both happy and sad about it.  Happy because we found it and had some of the best boudin bombs ever...more on those in a sec...but sad since it was our last day in New Orleans and couldn't come back and try more of the menu!  Just wanted a quick snack and asked if the boudin bombs were good... Sunshine sold us immediately and we ordered.  She was so on target.  They came out hot, perfectly cooked... crispy exterior and melt in you mouth gooey goodness in the middle... with a heat they let you know it was there without killing the dish...great conversation with sunshine and Jared... was so happy to meet them.  We hope to see them again if we make it back.  But sunshine may just have her own place by then... with her outlook, passion, demeanor and desire...I would not bet against her.  
Try this place!!!Found this place as we strolled around...  the server was super friendly, the food was tasty, and the balcony seats were fun to people watch!It was just okay, the crab cakes were wack to me...all filler and no crab I could taste.  Gumbo roux tasted slightly burnt and there was no warning in advance if there being potato salad in it.  Staff was wonderful, the conversation was the best part of my visit.Everything was delicious. The atmosphere inside was charming and our server, Garland, was delightful. I'll dream about the seafood spinach dip and the baked oysters were superb (even for someone who doesn't usually like oysters!) Entrees were fantastic, just wish we didn't get full so quickly! So happy we found this gem, it was my favorite dinner during our New Orleans trip.New place for us and very good! We tried the charred oysters with brie, really good. Dark rue Gumbo was oustanding, as were the drinks. Overall very nice place with huge second floor terrace.I was strolling down Chartres still after 16 Fests wondering why they mangled the name of this street when all of a sudden I had a fixin for some Oysters. Now in NOLA, you are in luck because every few yards is a joint that sells oysters. So, I saw the Governor and it looked cool inside with some large murals, got myself a table and proceeded to order Brie and Roasted Garlic oysters, which I had never tried before. The oysters were plump and with the cheese and onions I had to try and pace myself since they were going down fast. Another excellent place to grab a meal in this city with abundant dining pleasures.Great experience.  We came for late lunch on Saturday.  The bottomless mimosas were great.  Our waitress was always making sure our glasses were full.  We also had a to-go cup when we left.
We had the Jambalaya and the fried double shrimp and chicken meal.  And the alligator for appetizer and the brownie ice cream fit dessert. 
Liked everything.  I was hoping the jambalaya would've been a bit more spicy.  Was still okay.  I asked for some hot sauce and she obligedWhat a great find with the option to use open table and book your spot while walking around the French Quarter.
I love oysters and my husband loves seafood so we were excited to give this place a try while in town for the college football championship. It did not disappoint.
We started with the Fried Green Tomatoes with Shrimp Remoulade appetizer - the light dusting of cornmeal on the tomatoes was perfect! The shrimp remoulade was so delicious my husband scraped off some leftover and ate it on a cracker 
We also enjoyed fresh gulf oysters and the brunch version of Benedict which uses the Crab Cakes. As a side, you must get the sweet corn grits (to die for version of southern grits).
Lastly, let me mention they have an decent wine selection too in addition to your bar drinks so really, all in all and top pick for the Governor.
*ps, like many other places in NOLA, the portions were so big so you could definitely share!Great! We made reservations for Christmas day, and we're not disappointed. Wonderful food and service. We suggest the baked oysters with Brie, awesome!  Garland was our waiter, what a great sense of humor he has.Stopped here when leaving Canal street area on our way back towards the FQ. We were seated immediately. We choose to sit in the back as the air conditioning is much better back there then upfront by the doors that are propped open. The service was great and all of our food was served timely and full of freshness flavor. Unique menu to choose from. Go with an appetite as they are not shy with the entrees.Oommggggg heaven !!!! We ordered the stuffed fish , gator bites, fried green tomatoes , deviled eggs , and pontchartrain Benedict. It was all amazing ! Service was great. Noelle was THE best waitress! Loved everything about The Governor. I will be back !My husband found flies in his drink... after taking a sip!  They didn't even offer to comp. the drink. The food was ok but nothing special. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Too many other great places to eat around the French Quarter!