Meh.  Middling service, middling mimosa, middling meal.  Too bad, because it looks really cool, especially the filing cabinet bar.Stopped in today to enjoy happy hour with my sister. Such a comfy, welcoming atmosphere!! Happy hour prices are great!!! We sat at the bar although the seating area was really cute and inviting! The staff was wonderful and attentive! The menu looks amazing! We were already eyeballing what we want to try next time we come! They offer free WiFi so I can definitely see this as a future work spot! Stop in and give them a try! I don't think you'll be disappointed!Best beignets in town and an awesome wine bar. The atmosphere was really nice and the staff is super friendlyGreat atmosphere, excellent service, and wonderful coffee. The beignets were hot & made to order. Great for a coffee or a casual drink.My two friends and I were in New Orleans for a girls trip.  We spend an afternoon shopping all the cute little stores along Magazine Street in the Garden District and we thought to ourselves, " Boy we would really like to sit on this beautiful day and have a glass of wine".  And then Abracadabrs there it was before us.....The Vintage.  It had everything we were looking for.  Booze, chocolate, and cheese fries.  lol!  The servers were extremely friendly.  There are two distinct counters.  One for food and pastries and another for the bar.  My friends ordered a salted chocolate chip cookie and cheese fries at the food counter while I ordered the alcohol; a glass of Chardonnay for my friend and a Pimm's cup for me.  I believe we went on their first day open or maybe several days but they were still trying to figure out the registers; etc.  but it was all good.  The cookie was delicious ( although maybe just a tad too much salt) and the cheese fries were more like a pomme Frits with Parmesan and truffle oil which was A- ok with us.  The wine selection was vast and I liked my Pimm's as well.  It was really an adorable place and I'd like to go back the next time I'm in Nola.Great vibe and the food is pretty amazing.  Chic spot in the Garden District that is a must.The people were very friendly, the beignet bites and coffee were great. Outside seating available.Location - 3 out of 5 OK 
Decor - 3 out of 5 OK 
Service - 2 out of 5 (while empty)
Acoustics - 1 out of 5 (circus music in boiler-factory echo chamber)
Value for money - the meatballs, before drinkingGreat service and the drinks are amazing. Go early though otherwise you will miss out on the main menu.Stopped in for an iced coffee, wonderful vibe, atmosphere and coffee. We were planning on getting the coffee and continuing to shop but after seeing the inviting decor we decided to enjoy the coffee there. While we didn't get any desserts, they had a nice variety and they all looked tasty, we will definitely be back!!Love the iced coffee. This place is great. Cocktails and coffee. Great find. Definitely plan on coming here regularly. Very kid friendly too.WiFi did not work when I was there.  I selected this spot because I was hungry, needed coffee, and was on a (very) tight deadline.
Sadly, because I had to work, I couldn't linger and relax or enjoy the environment for long. Breakfast and coffee was good, and the place is very cute. I would have stayed all day buying food and enjoying coffee while I typed, but instead had to leave pretty quickly. It's a drag to get set up excited to focus, only to have to scramble because the emails needed to fly.First time trying it, AMAZING service. Great happy hour from 3-6. Even on a Saturday.
Would recommend everything on the menu.Coffee shop that serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner with local specials. Need deserrt with bubbles try the beignet bites with bubbles. It's open on Friday and Saturday till close. 
It also has a great wine selection and full bar.
(AT2's cheese fries (for those that remember AT2s) and the champagne of beers $14)
Enjoy!This place is amazing for happy hour! Nicky was an amazing host. She recommended the garlic beignet bites... So delicious! The happy hour bubbly is delicious. A place to kick your feet up after shopping on Magazine street. Highly recommended!The general manager, Stephanie, wants to ensure that every customer has a wonderful experience at The Vintage.
Everything is curated and well thought out. 
Appreciate the creativity and the concepts of this place. 
Absolutely delicious and what a great atmosphere.A perfect place to meet some girlfriends and have a glass of bubbly at happy hour, or just grab a cup of coffee and work in the afternoon. For lovers of the exquisite, fancy, stuffed beignets are a must: raspberry, s'mores, matcha flavors are to die for! The service is great and by the end of the night it feels like I have been coming here for yearsWe stumbled across this place on our last day of New Orleans when we saw the sign for beignets and realized we had not had beignets while we were here. We happened to go during happy hour and were not disappointed with our $5 drinks - I had prosecco while my girlfriend had a bourbon and ginger (the pour was generous and the well bourbon was tasty). We also had a fancy beignet flight - s'mores, matcha, and raspberry. They were all so delicious, especially the matcha. Everything that we saw come out of the kitchen looked or smelled delicious as well. The decor was also super cute.Good happy hour deal, great vibe, and friendly service!
bubblies, white, and red wine and fries, beignet bites, and pretzel bites were $5 for happy hour! Fries were outstanding, beignet bites were ok, not great.I came here twice in my short trip to NOLA, I had no idea it had only opened a couple weeks before. The service was good and the interior was beautiful and eclectic. Delicious coffee drinks and the beignets...I almost can't believe I am admitting this but I thought the beignets were better than Cafe Du Monde. They had a light, fresh, fluffy quality the other beignets I ate lacked. I can't wait to return to New Orleans so I can come here again!Another stop on our evening's appetizer crawl.  This place is primarily wines and mixed drinks, but they do a few beers to try.  I had the NOLA 7th St. Lemon Basil Wheat, my wife had a Blueberry Mojito.    For eats we had The Emma, a flatbread with apple, Brie, bacon, honey and arugula.  The service was prompt and friendly.  If time allows we will be back.Definitely swing by this coffee shop. I went twice during my visit to NOLA. It's a cute coffee shop and the coffee is great. You can also try a fresh beignet. Waitstaff is very sweet.Such a cool place to visit!  The beignets are amazing!  Especially the beignet flight which had a s'mores beignet that was my favorite!  Great menu and very good bar selections.Love, love, LOVE! Combining my food trifecta (Coffee, beignets, and Rose') in one place...what more could a girl ask for? The service is amazing and their "Frose" is even better. You guys definitely have a regular customer in me.The Vintage is such a DIAMOND! Everything was on point for a soft opening- I believe it was only their 6th day? Service on both ends (one being drinks, one being coffee) was fantastic and very friendly. I cant wait to come back and relax out front, inside, or their back patio!My husband and I have made The Vintage our go-to spot for lazy Sunday morning coffee! The outdoor tables are so quaint with the hanging flower boxes and, best of all, FANS to keep the airflow going. They always have water for our dog to enjoy, and the staff is so nice. The coffee is great, but I selfishly wish they served bagels for my weekend carb cravings! I'm not a huge beignet person, but the other breakfast items we have tried have been delicious (yet small in portion size). I'm so happy to have a great coffee spot in our neighborhood.This place is great! Delicious coffee! Great service! They are new and still working out some kinks but I see great potential! A great addition to my neighborhood !It's so fun to visit this part of town.  The Vintage had great coffee and desert.  I was a bit boozed out so I didn't try anything from their extensive bar.  Loved the vibes here.The Vintage offers great coffee, fine cocktails and great variety of food items. 
Their beignets bites and flights look and taste amazing. Also offer wonderful muffins and fresh baked items. 
Their panini sandwiches and fries were delicious. 
The vintage is a cool spot to hang inside or outside on the side walk. 
The staff were amazing.I really want to love this place. The lighting, furniture and ambiance are great.  It's in my neighborhood and come on, bubbles, bites and beignets, hell yeah! 
Well, I've been twice now I'm still not sure if you're supposed to order at the bar or if they come to the tables. They seem under staffed and under trained. This is Magazine Street, it's a new place, I understand that there will be growing pains but where's the owner? Tonight (8pm Sunday) my party of 3 and our dog stopped by to have a bite and a couple of drinks. We went inside and grabbed menus from the bar. The sole server/bartender said he'd be right with us. We wait outside at a table for 15 minuets. No one came. We saw a single employee/bartender/server running around, working hard. He saw us. We saw him. We left. I write this as we enjoy dinner and drinks across the street at Red Dog. I really hope they figure it out because I want The Vintage to be my summer spot.Man oh man - this gorgeous establishment is 100 feet away from my house and I was super amped for its opening in the neighborhood. However, ugh. Shaking my head...you walk into this place and you're overwhelmed with it's aesthetic beauty then you make your way to the back by the register and you have to wait so many minutes to be waited on while the staff is just looking at you not acknowledging you. At least say you'll be with us in a few minutes - that I don't mind!! 
Boy this is the Irish Chanel - the neighborhood to be a good neighbor! 
Super bummed about the customer service experience on multiple occasions. 
The food and coffee are great - I've never been for lunch or dinner. I must recommend the mini beignet cluster. It was v v v delicious.Cool place for beignets and coffee. Great vibe. Even have a nice selection of wine available if you want extra.Everything started off great. The young lady that was our bartender and she was great! Upselling me on 'Negroni Week', where you recieved a lovely light bulb glass. They make your drink in it, then you pour it over the ice yourself. The proceeds went to benefit musicians so I thought how wonderful! I'll order another, so I can give one to my husband. 
Well her shift must've ended, because the next bartender was terrible! Not sure if he was having a bad day or what, but dude check it at the door! I ordered the second drink, not only did he tell me I wasn't allowed to have the glass but he also tried to take the one that they had already sold me! In addition to this when he made the drink and poured it into the little lightbulb glass that they're supposed to hand to you and let you pour over ice. He takes it and poured it over the ice and hands back to me empty! It was so weird... the whole thing...
The food was good, but the whole Negroni thing left a bad taste in my mouth. Not sure I'll be back.Amazing !! The frozen cafe au lait is amazing. The atmosphere is so vintage and cute. Beignets were awesome too. Love!!!By far the best french fries in town. Amazing meatballs. My top place to eat in New Orleans.Great decor, great space, fantastic food and drinks! The bartenders are welcoming and attentive! If you're looking for a place to relax, enjoy a good drink AND have beignet... You're in luck!Stopped in here to eat beignets by recommendation of a local. I'm so glad she recommended it because it exceeded my expectations of what I thought was going to be a basic bakery shop. Instead, this place has a classic feel to it with old school art and antique looking furniture. The price point is also unbeatable, and of course, their beignets! So light, fresh and hot! They also have a few specialty flavors to choose the from! Overall, great place!We were on Magazine looking for a cool spot to chill and grab a cocktail and some food with our boys. We just happened to pass this place and I am glad we did. The flatbreads, cocktails and alligator bites were amazing. After a couple of days cruising NOLA and magazine street this is a new favorite. Stop in, have a bite, have a cocktail and I guarantee you'll leave happy.Friendly staff, cozy and interesting decor, and the French flat bread and beignets are amazing. Didn't have the wait of other nearby restaurants, which was *great*.Let me be one of the first to welcome The Vintage to the neighborhood.  Just stopped by for coffee on my way to work, the space is beautiful and has a great vibe.  Paul & Lisa the owners were so welcoming as was Stephanie.  I can't wait to stop by after work one night for a glass of wine.   
Welcome Y'all, you have my 2 basic needs filled all in one space!!Iced coffee was really tasty - strong flavor, a hint of chocolate. Relaxed environment with trendy decor and very friendly staffIm not from new orleans but was in town visiting for my sisters birthday and stumbled across the vintage while shopping. Walking in it felt warm and inviting! Service was great,frosé was delicious and those beignets melted in my mouth. The beignets is what really won me over after trying the "cake doughnuts " at cafe du monde and being very disappointed, the beignets at the vintage made me so happy!! They were soft and perfect amount of chew not hidden under unnecessary amounts of sugar! If i lived here i would be a regular!Awesome spot for a happy hour with a great cappuccino. The beignet bites are a must try.  Emma was the best!This place is so cute! Went with a huge group and luckily found seating. They had beignet flights which were great if you want a variety. We ordered mini beignets and it was a great for a group of 8! We even tried the fries which were SO good. Highly suggest! This and a cup of coffee made the perfect combo on a wet, cold day! Also on magazine street -such a cute area!Great laid back spot! Breakfast was delicious (The Vintage breakfast)! We also had the cinnamon beignets that were amazing. We visit NOLA several times a year and this will definitely be on our "must go" list. Highly recommend!Oh, The Vintage. Our newest go-to spot in NOLA when we're in the mood for milk and cookies. The ambiance alone deserves five stars, not to mention its fantastic location on Magazine Street. Service is always quick and friendly ... and did I mention the milk and cookies?Yasss to them having a matcha beignet. I am obsessed with all things matcha and was thrilled to see that they had a different take on the regular beignet. By this point in my trip I was pretty beignet'd out if you know what I mean. However, I had to try the matcha beignet. It was ok. I really like STRONG matcha tastes and this matcha taste was very mild. The matcha was inside the beignet as a filling and also had a tiny bit sprinkled on top. I did like the beignet itself. It was one of the better beignets I had during my trip. 
The vibes of the cafe are Parisian style. Classy and cool. A nice spot to just chill out.3.5 Stars for The Vintage: I am more in love with the concept than I am the execution thereof or the service I experienced. The space is absolutely stunning and I flipped for the idea of a coffee shop/cafe/bar with a richly decorated 1930's interior. I met a friend here for a coffee & study date and, although the experience was enjoyable, the service was a bit brusque and the prices a bit high.  
We enjoyed a Vanilla Latte and an iced Matcha Latte, some parmesan truffle fries that were tasty, if a bit greasy and cold, and a Seared Tuna Salad, which was serviceable. Everything came out quickly, but, again, the brusqueness of the staff was a bit off-putting. It's worth stopping in for a quick grab-and-go, certainly, to enjoy the atmosphere.Came in for a quick breakfast and cup of coffee. I ordered the breakfast biscuit - poached egg, bacon, arugula on a biscuit. The bacon perfectly crisped, egg perfectly poached, and biscuit was just delicious. The coffee was also excellent.Service was not great. It was very confusing on where to order and we waited much longer to pay than it was to get our order.  The only two reasons I didn't rate lower is one server was able to help get our order completed/found someone to ring us up and the coffee was very good here.This cafe was gorgeous. The decor was colonial modern and was really aesthetically pleasing (aka good for Insta). I could spend an afternoon here doing work or reading a book. The beignet was good (tried the matcha one) but filling didn't have a strong matcha taste I wanted. Coffee tasted like any other coffee I've had.Adorable spot with better beignets than cafe Du Monde. Also enjoyed their biscuit breakfast sandwich. Good spot to get work done.This restaurant is beautifully decorated but still casual. I took my mother out for brunch before the Alabama game over the weekend. They were busy but not slammed, and surprisingly quick with service. My mom had their pasta dish with a cappuccino. I had a s'mores stuffed beignet with a tea. We shared a plate of traditional beignets. Everything was delicious. I will definitely be back to try more. I also want to add that their wall outlets had usb plugs, so my mom was able to charge her phone while we ate, which was really neat.What a cute little place! We stopped by after having dinner at Nomiya because we wanted some dessert. Saw on yelp the beignet flight and had to try it especially since it was only down the street. Love the aesthetics of the place-very vintage-esque, hence the name. We sat at the bar and was greeted by a friendly bartender. For the beignet flights, you can choose 3/4 of the flavors-raspberry, s'mores, matcha, and lemon. I wanted to try all of them but we ended up with matcha, lemon, and bc of his recommendation, s'mores. They were all delicious! The matcha had a subtle flavor but still very good. Lemon, quite tart but not overwhelming. And s'mores-although I wouldn't have chosen it had the bartender not suggested it, was my favorite! We also ordered some drinks, nothing fancy, but Hubby did say this was the best old fashioned he's had in nola, so, .This place has all the makings of a great happy hour spot but the service is awful. There isn't enough help or the people they hire are too busy checking their phones. The bartender was rude and we had empty glasses sitting in front of us for over 15 minutes and they weren't busy. We order food she seemed annoyed. The food took forever. And then came out cold. We were ignored for so long we came for happy hour and ended up being charged full price. When we checked out we were then met with an attitude and when we asked why it wasn't happy hour she sighed and printed out a receipt. I am a bartender and i am embarrassed for this places customer service. Hire new people your staff is garbageLoved this lil joint. Their drinks were great, matcha beignet was unique & delicious, macchiatos don't mess around (warning: these are not Starbucks style macchiatos but rather real deal legit 3oz straight up espresso). The bartender was great & super accommodating to whatever patrons wanted. Good happy hour, fun vibe, would return!The Vintage on Magazine is a really cool place to grab a bite to eat or set up shop with your laptop and get some work done. The decor has a modern, vintage vibe and the staff is really great! There's plenty of seating with lots of outlets, so I was able to plug in my laptop and get a lot done. The coffee was great, and then when I was finished with work, I switched over to a cocktail! Best of both worlds!The concept is cute... but they really need to up their game. Service is very slow and the servers are a bit clueless if you have any questions about the menu. 
The flatbread is ordinary and was served cold. The wings are just weird... salty and sweet. The cheese dip is cold pimento cheese served with deep fried crackers (Ewww!) 
The beignet bites were the only tasty thing we ordered... again not Cafe du Monde but not bad. 
Maybe worth going there for a coffee and beignets if you are in the area but not worth making a special trip for.... and expect to wait a while for your order.Enjoyed my stop for brunch. Had some family in town and we wanted to grab something for brunch before heading out and about around the city. We decided to try little of everything and it was all good. We had the southern breakfast grits with poached egg, mushroom and garlic flat bread, the dry rubbed wings, both regular and mini beignets, and the garlic Parmesan fries. Everything came out hot, flavors were good, the beignets were more filling than cafe du monde (May or May not be a good thing depending on your preference). But over all I was happy, there wasn't a long line like some of the other spots we like (ruby slipper). The only thing I would dock it, was the wait time from when we put in our order. It was a tad long but the food made up for it. The kids loved the mini beignets.Literally stumbled upon this gem. Cute place, darling furnishings and good drinks and bites. They have options for wine pours, 6 and 9 oz. coffee here is crafted by hand.  Stop in for a relaxing morning of coffee and pastries or an afternoon
Respite for wine and a small plate of delicious food. 
There is outdoor seating on the sidewalk where you can watch the people parade past. Lovely.I tried their chocolate flight begniet with a cup of latte. Both were great. The service could be faster but actually I think that their ordinary workload is much less that the current craziness of Mardi Gras. I like this placeWent here for after dinner drinks and was so pleasantly surprised! The attention to detail in the decoration was phenomenal. All the repurposed art was so nice to look at. We had champagne and beignet bites. It was a really cool spot. I'll be returning again.Vintage has great beignets-classic versions and special versions like s'mores or matcha! I love the snore beignet the best. They also have a full bar and will even spike your milk with bourbon to go along with your desserts. I've heard they have great wings so I'll try those next.It's my first time in New Orleans and I had my first beignets here! I decided to get the fancy beignet flight for only a little over $6. With the flight you can choose 3 out of the 4 "fancy beignet" flavors that they offer: raspberry, banana pudding, matcha, and s'mores. I chose the banana pudding, matcha, and s'mores beignets. I shared them with my friends and they were all very good! We all liked the s'mores one the best.My wife planned a date night. She had seen this bar in passing during our daily trips to pick up our children from school which is two blocks from there. The decor is beautiful and very vintage as the name, however the service was very disappointing as myself and my wife entered and literally stood there for over 5 mins of standing at the bar literally in front of a bartender to not get greeted. The bartender even was able to close out a tab of a gentlemen right by us and strike up a short convo and still.....no greeting! 
Needless to say, we walked out and decided to spend our money and date night elsewhere. Sucks because this seemed to be a very cool vintage bar to attend frequently.Great italian sandwich and great happy hour champagne! I was there doing homework for a few hours and I got to really observe the atmosphere. There were what sounded like 2 old people discussing politics very politely and hushed in a respectful way. There were young people hanging out at the bar, but they were just chatting and telling memories about each other from highschool. Definition: CHILLWe had an hour or so after the zoo and stopped in on Magazine street for a quick peek at some stores before closing time.  Just before we hopped back in the car to head home we popped in for a wee adult beverage and a sweet snack. They have sidewalk outside seating which is limited and mostly for 2 there are one or two stand up shelfs outside. The menus are on wall when you go in. Scattered seating through out the inside from tables and chairs to stuffed chairs and small tables for a more intimate seating. The bar itself is beautiful -a full on bar with excellent bar keeps. Drinks were spot on the other end of bar is the coffee bar and also looked well stocked. While we only had drinks and some  Beignets the sandwich and small plates menu looked yummy and we will be back to try a sandwich or two. Just before we left we discovered a small patio out back. You order and bar and pick up at bar no table service.Quaint spot on magazine street. Frozen cafe latte and breakfast sandwiches are amazing!I'm relatively new to town...not new to beignets, but I figured if I was going to start being one of the locals I needed to find a local place to eat them instead of doing the French Quarter tourist thing. I think on the first try I found a pretty good place. Two of us split and order of (3) regular beignets and the one with sawmill gravy. Man, I can't really tell you what I liked better. I went for the the sweet taste of the traditional beignet, but I think I liked the beignet with bacon gravy and egg on it better. My mind was totally expanded this morning. If none of that is for you they have several other types. I do want to go back and try the stuffed beignets and the mini powdered cinnamon ones as well. I also met a nice lady who said the avocado toast was one of the best things there. I guess lots of return trips will have to be made.This is a must visit place in New Orleans. The beignets and garlic bites are to die for. Their lattes are amazing too. Will surely keep going to this place often. Waiting to try more of their stuff.After looking for the best place to start our bar crawl up magazine street, my friend and I decided we would go to the vintage. There wasn't a happy hour, but we decided to get a beignet flight and some coffee cocktails. 
We had five different choices for the beignet flight and we picked pumpkin, raspberry, and s'mores - all were stuffed with goodness but I preferred the s'mores beignet the best.
The coffee cocktail was delicious and had three espresso beans each.
I would recommend getting the beignets and just going with the flavors that speak to you.
One thing that I noticed that was weird was that even though they bring the food to, you need to pick up your own plates and utensils.  
I want to return to The Vintage so that I can try more of their cocktails and some more of their lunch and dinner foods.Vanilla Latte: subtle hints of vanilla, decent cup of latte
Banana pudding beignet: the banana pudding was so good. It's the perfect amount of sweetness against the beignet dough. The top layer is crunchy and the body warm and soft like a pillow. I really like it.
Mini beignets: I love that you can just pop one in your mouth and not worry about all the powdered sugar being all over the place.Good coffee. Poor service. Also, you have to order from the bar which is dumb because you will be stuck behind five people ordering cocktails which take a long time to make.I've been here many times but the last time I was here. The service was terrible. The skinny young fellow with black hair was rude. I ordered a few orders of beignets and he could not get the order right. While I was ordering he kept telling me what and how I should order it. So I told him what I wanted and paid ahead. I did not get a receipt from him or was ever offered a receipt. A lady brought it out and I said I was missing some things I've order. The lady was very nice and told me she would make it right away. I go back to the counter and said I've ordered more stuff and didn't get it but the lady is making it and it's ok I'll pay for it. He was upset looking at my order that he put in wrong and was mad at the kitchen lady. He started giving me an attitude than he disappeared for a while. 
Since I waited I went to use the restroom. It was filthy from the sink to the toilet has stains that's been there forever. It wasn't white anymore. 
I really love the beignets here but this last experience has stopped me from returning. I use to highly recommended this places to my neighborhood friends.I didn't think you could improve on beignets...but man! The banana pudding beignet was so delicious I almost ate the plate! And the almond milk latte was just as delicious! Fabulous atmosphere! Precious decor! The perfect way to start a day of shopping on Magazine Street!!!Morgan was absolutely amazing! Food was seriously great and so were the drinks. We enjoyed our time there thanks so much Morgan. Loved our Sunday Funday with you!Great beignets and iced teas. Outside seating is perfect to people watch the crowd on Magazine St.
The service e is friendly and fast. Highly recommend.This was our first time here- it's an inviting space and love the "vintage " feel with lighting, bar and tiled floor. Could have a better flow of waiting to order and then where to stand while waiting - it feels a little off- worth figuring out though . They make a fine americano and the beignet bites certainly rival my favorites . If you are on magazine  and craving a beignet, this is the place for you and one bag of bites is plenty for 4 to share! Don't wear black ! ( we had confectioners sugar.... I bet  the cinnamon  sugar would be tasty too though less authentic I suppose)Bar far the best beignets I have ever had & the cocktails were pretty amazing as well. We had the strawberry lemonade beignet & the s'mores; he has the French 75 (I think) and I had the skinny margarita (which I doubted coming from a "coffee shop" but don't make that mistake- one of the best margaritas I have had! And that's saying a lot )Love the interior/atmosphere. Feels very authentically New Orleans.
They have a mix of open seating (e.g., spots for solo guests, couples, and groups), including seats facing outwards towards Magazine Street, which provides great people watching.
The only downside is the strong smell of frying oil (used to make beignets) that permeates the place. My hair and clothes still reek of oil after spending less than 20 minutes inside. If not for that lingering smell, I would definitely make this my go-to coffee shop for teleworking.Totally swanky and original, food was very unique and yummy! We had great pservice despiteDid not disappoint.  Daytime service wasn't necessarily friendly (but not rude either) but as an introvert I actually appreciate not having to chat before caffeination.  
The beignets are DELICIOUS.  The kind of delicious that makes your eyes roll to the back of your skull in ecstasy.  Oh my god!  And the truffle parmesan fries!  PERFECTION.  
Then there's the charming ambience.  The place was pretty quiet and empty during the day which was awesome.  I love all the little details like the piano coffee table to give the place personality.  They struck a perfect balance with that classic vintage vibe because it feels authentic and not like it's trying too hard, if that makes sense.  The weather was agreeable so I sat in the back patio and enjoyed every bite and sip.
This may actually be my favorite cafe in the United States.if you don't want the hustle and bustle of the quarter for a good beignet, this is your place. beignets are better than that one cafe, coffee is good, and they have a full bar and free wi-fi. what else do you need?! i bring everyone from out of town here, it's a must!Stopped in around lunch time one day while walking down Magazine after a friend told me about going to The Vintage late night. The bartender was really nice and friendly, she answered all of our questions.  We selected a drink each, decided to get an order of the beignet flight and pimento cheese.  The drinks were very interesting (& we chose things we wouldn't always go for).  The beignets were good (they were huge so it was a lot) and the pimento cheese was too!  The biggest reason that I gave a less than great rating was the cleanliness of the whole place.  The bar, where we chose to sit, was just sticky, there were unused glasses everywhere and I'm not even sure if they were dirty or clean.  The bathroom was pretty bad also.  I think that the place prob has a different vibe at night, but I felt like it had not been cleaned since then :(This place reminds me of home (SoCal): the clean, refreshing taste of the food. Almost an Urban Plates/Urth Caffe kinda feel.
Cool, vintage vibe, dimly lit. I got the beignet flight--you can choose 3 beignets (b/w matcha, s'mores, raspberry, banana pudding, and strawberry lemonade).
The s'mores was a bit too sweet but still really good. The matcha was kind of bitter like matcha itself and creamy. The strawberry lemonade had a good balance of being sweet and tart. Get the flight! We also got the Italian flatbread which was delicious.
A bit pricy, but overall I loved the refreshing taste of the food--definitely a good change from the heavy, overwhelming taste of typical NOLA food.The beignets here are BOMBBbbb.com!!! Our second favorite next to Cafe du Monde right here!!!they're huge!! Perfectly crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. I was so surprised that this coffee shop had amazing beignets!! We actually had to order another one...that's how good they are.  The location was super cute too. I would highly recommend checking them out!Their beignets are delicious. Competition is stiff and they definitely hold their own. The matcha beignet was very good especially if you don't like really sweet beignets. I did get a variety so I could try more than one.The service was so terrible and the bartender was extremely rude... it doesn't matter if you have the best food in the world if you don't have good customer service.My new favorite spot for beignets! I almost always order the mini ones, but they have regular sized ones.
I usually come here during the day so I'm not sure how it is at night. The bar is usually open even in the early morning so I can enjoy my black coffee with a shot of jamo anytime! #judgementfreezone
The avocado toast is good if you want something off the breakfast menu, but the chicken wings are pretty bomb. All the flat breads are yummy! You really can't go wrong with those.
I've only had one poor experience with a staff member but everyone else was fine. Obviously that one incident didn't keep me from coming back! It's just a nice place to be.This place is great! I went here for the first time 2 days ago and really enjoyed the food and drinks here. The Parmesan fries are pretty tasty and the frozen French 75 was delicious! I'm going back today with a friend. I will say that it was pretty hot inside for some reason, so if you go on a hot day, make sure to wear breathable clothing.What a pleasant surprise The Vintage was when we stopped in on a whim. We really only needed a quick restroom stop but when walking by the Beignet's we couldn't resist. We ended up ordering a flight of Beignet's (didn't know that was a thing but completely fine with it!) that included a Matcha, a S'More, and a Banana Foster beignet. They were all fantastic but the banana foster took home the powdered sugar out of the three. For those curious what these were like, think 'filled donut' sprinkled with powdered sugar. 
We sat on the back patio which was a cute little space away from the hustle and bustle inside. I'd definitely recommend stopping in for a treat while in the Garden District area.Forget cafe de mundo this is by far the best beignet I have tried here in new Orleans!The beignets are sooooo delicious and fresh! They were served warm. The coffee was good as well. The beignets are absolutely above expectations!!!Excellent beignets! Hot, light and fluffy! Looking for a break from the tourists Downtown? This is the spot.Cute! So cute! Love the decor! Plenty to eat and drink. Great for groups especially ones with loud friends!I have been wanting to try this place for a while (always passing it while ubering). Worth the wait. I love the decor inside and the vibe of the place. There's outdoor table to those who like to enjoy outside. The beignet bites where really delicious. Adding this place for my go to place.This is an awesome spot, both to work online and to hang with friends. I will admit, it does get a little loud at some points but sometimes it's really chill. It has the feel of a French Brasserie with a glamorous wooden bar with charming tables surrounding. There's also plush seating areas in the front. The art on the walls is engaging. I love their friendly bartenders and their many options. Recently, they've had a lemon basil wheat beer that's refreshing and savory. They have $5 wines and cheap snacks during happy hour. Even if you don't make happy hour, they have a house wine on tap for $8. Their pours are generous. 
As for the food, the shareable plates seem great. My friends shared the wings and ate them all up. The truffle Parmesan fries were delicious. I'm sure they will grow their food menu as time progresses. 
This is a chill new neighborhood spot that has already drawn a classy and eclectic crowd.Such a cute place and the environment is very chill. I recommend the cinnamon sugar beignets! They are soooo good. Overall, great place!Had breakfast here and the beignets and latte were hands down some of the best I've ever had. I also had the avocado toast which was good...but I'd probably wouldn't order it again...it was good but not special like the blueberry cheesecake stuffed beignets!!! Just writing about it makes my mouth water...so good!!Cute and fun place to hangout and chat, seemed like a popular meet up place for friends, couples, and professionals/students looking for a place to relax. We loved the beignet and wine combo, although the filling for the beignets was a bit too much it was still overall goodCan you say Gourmet Beignet? I want to open up my own cart/truck here in NY after being so inspired by the food here along with the frozen cafe au lait. 
I wanted to get that real NOLA authentic experience and Magazine Street did it for me, with The Vintage being one of the pinnacle points of the trip. Beignet All Day.  Blueberry cheesecake is 100% my favorite.
Can't wait to go back and get more!I love it here! I have been a few times and the food is great and drinks are even better. The happy hour is good also. The cheese fries are alright but I wish the cheese was just a little creamier but the pretzel bites (which I got a side of ranch with) were so good I could not stop myself from eating all of them! The decor is beautiful. The bartenders told me they are redoing the back patio soon which will be nice. They have a pretty large breakfast selection also that I plan on trying this week. I would recommend going for sure!Stopped by while shopping on magazine streets.  Good service, beignets were excellent!We were hunting fabulous beignets.  We found them here, along with similarly awesome coffee.  Love the decor and atmosphere here as well.  It was our first visit, but likely not our last.  Would love to stay and plan a day in the city from this cozy spot.Loveeee this place! Coffee shop by morning bar by afternoon  lattes are amazing and breakfast is the bomb!Warm and cozy from the couches to the bar and the warm decor this place is cozy. While there are tons of seating you just can't pick one place to sit. What caught my eye was the bar stretching from the front end to the back its eye-catching. The fun mirrors and cute ring for the champagne sign just can't be ignored. 
So I sat at the bar since its happy hour and I'm here for a good time as always and it was me and a few other people all trying to figure out what we wanted. Let's just start with a great happy hour menu, tons to choose from( wines, beer, cocktails) with small food options as well. I ordered a few drinks just to give it a try but what shocked me was the beignet bites for $4 dollars you think you're getting a few beignets well your WRONG its a plate full of bites big enough to share with a few friends.Just went here looking to have a nice night but that was quickly ruined as soon as the blonde girl at the bar spoke to me and all my friends very rudely. We were nice to her the entire time and spoke to her with respect and she'd look as us like we are dumb when we asked questions about the menu. She gave us the stank face the entire time as if we were idiots. Never coming back. She spoke to everyone nice except us. We weren't being disruptive or anything nor did we drink alcohol so I don't understand why we were treated like that.Excellent coffee, healthy options too. Plus traditional and fancy beignets. It's a definite "do"The vintage is a quaint and attractive space in the old cafe spirit. However, it's much better than that because they offer reasonable and tasty wines and delicious beignet. My stop there for conversation with an old friend was pleasant, mostly because of the atmosphere, and, well the charm of my pal. It was evening time during the week on a Thursday, so not crowded. This is why I was flummoxed by the service I received. In the midst of discussing my cocktail choice, the bartender, while looking me in the eye through his smart looking glasses, simply walked away to hug some customer and never returned, only to provide bottle service for two other tables. Believe me, I understand waiting, but this was incredibly rude. Turns out, I got a fine enough drink eventually even though I did sit there confused and a bit annoyed. We would have stayed, and probably should have, but it seems he had other interests at hand. The point is, do not let one poor experience sully this spot. It's great and will be better once they sort out service consistency and in this specific case, inattentiveness and less than kind behavior. All in all. Go there!Visiting from Los Angeles and found my new favorite beignet place in New Orleans! The added bonus was Prosecco on tap and Iced Irish coffee. Definitely stop in here if you have a chance....we came in 3 times during the week we visited. The staff is very friendly and can help you decide which tasty treat to have.Went here to take advantage of the coffee shop aspect one afternoon. It's a cute place but not very easy to do work in it because of the noise . Probably somewhere I'd go for an afternoon meetup or drinks!This place is a cluster f***. Good luck trying to get decent service, you can get this food just about anywhere on magazine. The entire set up and concept is terrible. Management is no better. They need to get it together and get the orders right and not make you walk to separate areas to order drinks food and beignetsThe vintage cocktail is exquisite (for the coffee cocktail enthusiast). Parm fries, thank you for tossing them all in Parmesan and not just placing it on top. There are many drink options for the wine drinker, cocktail consumer and all around drinker. The ambiance is an added bonus. 
Overall, a great place for a drink on magazine street! Would recommend.Always worth a stop. Impressive setting. Relaxed vibe in the mornings. Top quality cocktails and coffees. How can you go wrong? Spot-on service too. Knowledgeable baristas. Best coffee on 3-4000 blocks of Magazine StHot tea was terrible. Obviously only using warm water from the coffee machine instead of the boiling water needed to infuse the tea properly.
Real cups please if your dining in!
Beignet was good.What an amazing hidden jewel on Magazine street. We stayed around the corner in the Irish Channel in an Airbnb and the owner suggested that we try her favorite breakfast spot. The place is decorated in the true vintage fashion such as you just want to sink into the leather club chairs or find a quite corner next to the velvet wall decor. The avocado toast was some of the best I have had and the golden milk - steamed to perfection. Not to mention the beignets were every bit as good as CD in the French quarter. There was not wait and it was full of lovely locals!!What a time to be alive. Vodka and rose all in one. The beignet flights are on point. This spot has been a multitude of things through the years and we may have the winner!Stopped in for hot chocolate and dessert after seeing an ad on Snapchat. The beignet flight here was delicious. The three we got were s'mores, raspberry and matcha filling. Being so used to Cafe Dumond and Morning Call, this was my first time eating filled beignets. They were sweet but did not overdo it. The ambience is good, warm, and dimly lit which is perfect for the winter season. Don't forget to go to the booth to order the beignets and other baked goods-- they don't really come to take your order like one would be used to at Cafe Dumond and Morning Call. For the beignet flight and hot chocolate, it was around $14, which is a little overpriced but worth the experience.I was exploring Magazine street and decided to spend some time here reading. I ordered an iced latte and some nibbles including one of their specialty beignets. The beignet is amazing and was the best one I had during my NOLA trip! The decor and vibe is super cool and it's an all day eatery/bar. Highly recommended if you're exploring the area.Whatever I'm about to say still wouldn't be able to express how highly I think of this place.
First, it's like it's a time capsule from the early 1900s. Everything is very Vintage-looking (pun totally intended). I wouldn't study here, but it's great alternative if you're looking for a more casual drinking night. 
As someone who absolutely hates beignets, this place somehow does them right. I tried the mini cinnamon sugar beignets and I just couldn't get enough of them. I paired it with a nice champagne and was on Cloud 9. 
The prices are very reasonable and totally worth the experience you receive at the shop/bar/coffee stand. I can't begin to speak highly enough of The Vintage.This is my favorite coffee shop in the city! It's always comfortable, the staff are friendly and helpful. And the creative twist on their beignets are always a pleasant surprise. I would recommend to anyone who wants to relax and get some work done on a laptop this is the place to go!Such a cute little wine/dessert bar on Magazine!
You order at the bar and they bring you your food/drinks. Their service is suppppeeerr slow and the workers are not as friendly as I'm used to at other bars in the area. 
I tried their fancy beignet flight, which comes with 3 fancy beignets. Even though I wasn't a fan, I really enjoyed the concept of fancy beignets. I also got their mini beignets, which I really liked. They're just bite sized beignets!
I have tried every fancy beignet flavor and the s'mores is my favorite. If you're not into really sweet stuff, I'd probably steer clear of this one. 
Truffle fries - super skinny, crunchy, and truffle-y. Just the way I likes. 
Overall, I would definitely come back to get some small plates and just hang out with friends. The vibe here is super cute.Casual atmosphere, chill staff, bartenders serve the goods. Here's the thing: BEST freaking Beignets ever.  Seriously ever. Nothing more to say.We started our brunch with happy hour drinks.  French 75 for the win.  Then has a beignet flight.  So tasty.  My husband and I shared the 3 filled treats.  I enjoyed an apple/brief flatbread and my husband had a sandwich with truffle fries.  Both were good and quiet reasonably priced for the area.Wonderful interior and great staff on Magazine! Happy hour daily 3p-6p. Full bar, wine, coffee and food. Truffle fries are delicious. Beignet bites are bomb for sharing!I would plan another trip to New Orleans just to come here again. Run, don't walk!
I visited three times in as many days for beignets. Such a cute spot with an excellent happy hour and coffee bar, in the middle of the action in the Garden District.11/18/19
3 days after my last review, I find myself here again. Ordered the SAME THING as last time. THE VINTAGE BREAKFAST and an Americano. Coffee still good. 
The bowl of grits, bacon and poached egg came this time in the form of microwaved grits where the grits had hardened on the sides of the bowl, little cheese, couple of bits of bacon, and a medium boiled egg that the yolk was hard. Tasteless, and cementlike consistency of grits. I think the kitchen staff must be different from last time, because this was just ten dollars wasted... 
Great little spot on Magazine.. 
Go for food and/or drinks. Kind of looks like an old ice cream shoppe. 
The servers are friendly and helpful. 
I had a cafe Americano, which had deep roasted flavor and was a great day starter. I also got, THE VINTAGE BREAKFAST...
creamy grits, chunky bacon, cheddar cheese, and a poached egg. Wow, tasty, flavorful..Not too much food, just enough to stop the morning hunger. The grits were nice, not too much cheese (great) very flavorful bacon, and the egg yolk flowed over everything when broken. 
I thoroughly enjoy it. 
Under 20 bucks.I popped into the Vintage for a cup of cappuccino and an order of beignets.  I wasn't disappointed. There were people there working, couples canoodling, friends chatting, and it all just felt so comfortable.
I sat at a table facing the front windows and enjoyed the people watching. My cappuccino was delicious and so were the beignets. 
Thumbs up for the food, coffee, atmosphere and of course, the service.A local told us to come here and I'm so glad we did!  Really cute cafe and nice snacks.   We got a couple of things and I fancy their s'mores beignets.Excellent restaurant, cafe style with a full bar. We had beignets, avocado toast, the vintage breakfast (eggs, cheese and bacon over grits) and a breakfast biscuit. Delicious! Located in the heart of Magazine street.This may have been our favorite little spot that we've visited in New Orleans, definitely when we were staying in the Garden District. The girls on staff were all lovely. We enjoyed their happy hour three days in a row to enjoy the cava and snacks. WE loved LOVED the Fancy Beignet Flight. Coming from a tourist area, we always look for places that have a local feel and this definitely had that And we didn't feel at all out of place with our 22 month old - there seemed to be quite a few families here. Many of the folks we met here said that the space has been many different concepts but this is the best by far. Good luck to The Vintage - y'all deserve to be around for many prosperous years!Chic and stylish decor
 Loved the look and feel of a place.Such a chic and cool spot. Great spot to grasp some beignets and cafe au last with the family. Forget the touristy beignet spot, head here!. This was a great spot to do some people watching. Breakfast, lunch or a late night bite, this is my new spot!!Came here for a late night latte and finally tried some beignets bites! Place wasn't crowded, probably due to the unusual cold weather. Everything was excellent. Definitely enjoyed this spot. The vanilla chai latte was absolutely delicious and the bite sized beignets were pretty good! Definitely recommend.My friend recommended we go here and I'm so glad we took her recommendation! This place was super cute and the food/drinks were delicious! Don't forget to get u a beignet flight!Service is good, atmosphere is awesome, coffee is good and beignet is a beignet. All in all cool place with good stuff. The espresso is good a little light on flavor as it is smooth and not bitter. I like it more bold and complex. Little bit of acidity but not bad.If you're looking for a nice place to eat on Magazine, this is really the place to go. We were driving along Magazine trying to find somewhere to eat that wasn't a bar, and we came across this gem. The food is DELICIOUS, and not too expensive either. It's an adorable wine bar/cafe, that I absolutely adored. The beignets were above expectations, and if you're a fan of garlic, you HAVE to get the Garlic Herb appetizer. They have a wide selection of wines and also sodas and coffees for those under 21. The service was phenomenal, giving us opinions on their favorites. All in all, completely worth the trip.This is the best place I've tried by far in NOLA. Very cute spot. The workers are friendly. So go do yourself a favor and get the beignets and gravy AND the matcha beignet!The beignets were really good. But what was irking me that the place wasn't clean, there was food and drinks left from other customers and it took them a while to clean up a spot for us to sit. Other than that, the beignets were good and the coffee was okay.I stopped in for an early Saturday morning breakfast with a friend.... And while it was good, it wasn't really what I was expecting. It's more a grab and go sort of place.
You order at the counter and folks were a mix of fancy coffee drinks and food. They seemed to be short staffed the day we were there, but that's just the way it is these days.
I got a breakfast biscuit with bacon on the side and an iced tea. My friend got the avocado toast and a coffee. My biscuit was good but the cheese was skimpy. My friend really enjoyed her toast.
The big plus is that if you want to have an adult beverage at 7am that's possible here. 
It's in a big space with well spaced tables and outdoor dining so those are all pluses.Very cute meet up area! I love the mix between chill cafe and lounge. Friendly staff/serviceThis was a very cute coffee shop/bar with the best ambiance for a casual morning. The servers were really friendly and the latte I had was decent! Loved their beignet flights, though two of the flavors (raspberry and green tea) were a bit too sweet and artificial-tasting. I also tried their vintage biscuit which was a brilliantly poached egg on top of bacon and arugula. I thought that for $8+ the biscuit could have used some sauce or something moist to offset the brittle bacon. Other than that the vibe was everything. I would return on a weekday morning for some light studying!Love love love The Vintage!
If you're looking for a date night, girls night, late night spot then this one is perfect! They have plenty of seating inside and outside and pre-Covid were open until midnight (can't wait until this is implemented again).
The beignets are a must especially the specialty ones! Favorite specialty ones are S'mores, Coconut Cream Pie, and Banana Foster!
They have a great happy hour with $4 fries and $4 beignet bites. Can't go wrong with fries and beignets, both delicious!
They have a lot of coffee and cocktail options as well!Such a cute atmosphere, awesome wine selection (esp the Secual chocolate), delicious & beautifully plated dishes, & awesome staff (esp Emma)!!!Had a coffee date with my friend Julie for my birthday. I suggested it to her as we are both of the earth sign nature and love to be surrounded by beautiful things, lush environments and delectable foods. I had spotted through the window one night their amazing velvet ottoman that looked like a mini piano and knew we had to go. The morning of we walked in to a bustling scene, glass and brass everywhere, people reading, working, laughing, talking. There was a full bar selling Mimosas! Oh hello!?! Since I had to work later that day I was going to stick with my pre selected coffee choice and had an almond milk latte. The steamed milk on top was perfectly done! The cup was huge! I felt that I had time to really enjoy my caffeinated beverage! I ordered a croissant with some butter, and though I ate the whole thing, it was rather dry and stale. My friend ordered the beignet flight and was served three different styles, including one made with a green tea filling! We sat in the back patio since the main room was pretty loud that morning and we didn't want to shout. We made friends with the table next to us and enjoyed our morning to the fullest. On our way out, my friend spotted one of the baristas that happens to be an Instagram account presence she follows online. He chatted with us a bit, and made us feel welcome. I will definitely be back, but next time I want to try their full menu (and skip the croissant!)I'm still giving this place 4 stars even though I haven't had the beignets yet. I plan on returning just for happy hour!
We stopped in for a small lunch. Three of us shared two flatbreads and it was plenty. We had the French and the Spanish (gotta honor that New Orleans heritage!). The French was really good with brie and mushrooms. The Spanish one was more savory with olives and garlic. Service was friendly and pretty fast. We enjoyed a frozen cafe au lait while we waited, which was delicious.
Definitely plan on returning for beignets, bubbles, and frosé!
The atmosphere and décor makes this place stand out. I love all of the vintage touches and seating options. Just my type of spot!Really cool atmosphere. Vintage furnishings. Great menu. Food was delicious and bartenders were very friendly.My favorite place in all of Nola but!!!! I sat here and  watched  3 people come in off the street use no sanitizers clean off their own tables using a napkin and sit down to order!!!!! this makes me so mad!!! How unsanitary is this? Watch the videos if necessary management!!!! Covid is real!!!! Also a guy in here dancing and singing with no mask on!!!The vintage is delicious! Being from NOLA, beignets are a big deal! And when I saw the vintage was serving up speciality flavored beignets, I knew I had to give them a try! When you walk in, the place is very cute! They have the vintage ambiance that is great for photos! I got the truffle parmesan fries as well as a fancy beignet flight! The fries were crispy perfection! The truffle just made them taste so so good! I couldn't stop eating them! As for the beignet flight, I got the matcha, raspberry, and blueberry cheesecake! All of them were very good but I have to say my favorite was the blueberry cheesecake! They also have a great happy hour! The drinks were also great! They were so refreshing! I would go here if I was looking for a quick bite walking down magazine!Beautiful place. Lovely concept! Great drinks. We got the regular beignets were very good! We got the beignet flight with matcha, banana cream pie and s'mores beignets and I must say, I'm a sweets person but I did not care for these. The matcha tasted like nothing? Very strange, the banana cream pie and the s'mores were better but still too much. I didn't care for the chocolate that was on the s'mores beignet, too much. But everything else was great. The service and ambiance. Will try again.Went here for drinks and something to eat our last nite in NOLA.  Wanted something laid back and local.   Party of 4.  Great wine selection and pressed sandwiches; horrible cocktails and service.  Comfortable surroundings.  Good safe section of Magazine St, nice place with sofas and tables plus a nice bar.  You order everything at the bar and they haul it to you.   Four stars for the ambiance.
It's a wine bar and they seem to have a nice variety to choose from.  The flatbread sandwiches were excellent.  Nothing fancy, just a solid tasty something to eat with a couple glasses of wine.  Ordered the "Magazine Mule" special cocktail.  Possibly the worst cocktail I've ever had.  They just threw in the mint leaves and lime; to make a mule and get the flavor across, you need to muddle (mash) them.  This was a flat, flavorless $13 lesson in be-careful-what-you-order. I think the bartender(s) can pour wine and not much else.  Shame on me for ordering a cocktail in a wine bar.
They also have bakery.  Got some to-go to eat the next morning.  Next morning we realized they hadn't included half of the bakery we'd ordered and paid for.  Service similar to bartending expertise.
Bottom line, drink the wine, eat the sandwiches, and you'll be fine.  Just don't expect much beyond there.Super cute spot, great place to grab an after dinner drink or study with a glass of wine in hand. With its very convenient location, cute outdoor seating, and hip vibe inside, its one of my go to places for a drink on magazine.Great spot with great friendly service.
I had the grits and eggs, the coffee is very good and they are very relaxed with allowing customers to come in an hang for awhileWe stopped for beignets, then ended up going back the next day because of how amazing they were. We had a flight of matcha, toasted s'more and pear and obviously a regular and all were amazing. The signature coffees also were very unique and delicious, highly recommendThe coffee was excellent! It reminded me of coffee that my fiancé and I had in Australia. The barista had an amazing personality an was very knowledgeable.Cute little cafe for hang outs at Magazine. Apparently it is famous with the locals. I think girls would love this place for brunch and Raspberry Filled Beignets!Yummy beignets! I ordered the flight. Three different flavors: Rose, king cake, and s'mores. My favorite was the king cake hands down because of the pralines inside!! Really added something extra. 
Staff was very friendly and kind. The gentleman behind the counter was eager to tell us about the pastries. He was also in such detail and really sold the beignets.
The pony Miller highlife beers were so cute and the perfect amount. Such a nice place to sit down, relax and enjoy a great dessert. 
Decor and ambiance here is lovely.Such a cool atmosphere! 
Coffee was amazing and I can honestly say that the cinnamon sugar covered beignets replaced the powdered sugar 100%Superb happy hour and great staff! All the food and drinks we had were bomb, even down to the well whiskey!
Try the chicken wings, great flavor that don't even need a sauce.The fancy beignet here are soo tasty! Soft and delicious. I prefer the beignets here to cafe du monde, hands down and it has fantastic atmosphereThis is a relatively new place in the 3100 block of Magazine Street. We had passed by several times. We decided to give it a try last night...
The decor was awesome. It's like you've stepped back in time. The most amazing aspect of the place was the Stuyvesant Baby Grand Piano Ottoman. What an incredible idea to repurpose an old piano as an ottoman. I jokingly (maybe I was serious) offered the waiter $3000 for it. 
They were offering 25% off bottles of white wine. So, we enjoyed a nice bottle of Conundrum.
The food was terrific. Now, keep in mind, they only offer small bites. So, the menu was limited. I had the seared tuna salad. It was delicious.
All together, it was a wonderful experience. I'll be sure to stop by again. 
Potty Patrol:  The bathroom was really clean. Way to go Vintage!This was the perfect lunch spot here in NOLA. My wife had the Chicken BLT flatbread, she said it was the best flatbread she ever had. I had the Italian pressed sandwich, it was scrumptious. 10/10, a must visit!This place used to have the best beignets in NO. But service has really deteriorated over the last year. Extremely slow. Beignets are hit or miss, sometimes cold.I have long been on the lookout for that singular establishment that will support my simultaneous drive to both work online AND imbibe. (Because sometimes answering emails requires a glass of wine.) The Vintage is that rare place that can take you from morning coffee fix to happy hour without missing a beat. 
The only con I'd note is that the coffee bar and adult beverage bar are two separate..bars? So you have to order at the appropriate counter. 
Otherwise, I feel like Goldilocks, having finally found a work space that's juuuuuuust right.I stopped into the vintage on my way back home. The barista was a total doll! She made me a delicious latte and I got the fancy beignet trio to compliment it. It felt like a true nola experience. The interior has a lovely design and tables are spaced out. This will be my go to whenever I visit.I really really really wanted to go here for the beneigt flight. The pictures make them look soo good, but they were disappointing .  I will stick to normal beneigts. Not freshly fried and flavors were lacking in freshness and did not taste very well. There was 4 of us who tried them and no one was a fan.Mardi Gras means great parades, bands, food and a lot of alcohol. And no place celebrates better than New Orleans! Unfortunately, again we could not gather together in the same way because of Covid, but that doesn't mean we couldn't celebrate . 
This year I went to @thevintagenola and this place is definitely a hidden gem. I'm sure plenty of you have passed it and haven't even noticed it.
To start, they have great drink selections, from lattes made in-house to awesome French 75's. I tried the awesome Magazine Mule made of Tito's vodka with mint and lime topped with Prosecco. Perfect!
 We also had a few small bites. We tried the
crawfish  queso (so creamy) and skinny Truffle Parmesan fries  I love skinny fries. Of course, I couldn't leave without trying the chicken wings which had this great and flavorful dry rub. I forgot to take a picture of the spicy shrimp ‍ but they were also great!
 You cannot leave there without trying one of their famous beignets! Of course, I had to get the Mardi Gras flavor. That particular flavor had a filling in the middle, which normally I would pass on trying it. Man I'm so glad I didn't! It was very well balanced. Brown sugar creamy middle and a light and fluffy beignet, topped off with icing and your Mardi Gras colored skin! 
 The decor is amazing, definitely give me a vintage vibe. When you place your order, instead of giving you a number, they give you a card with a picture of a famous musician. So cool! 
 Quick side note , if you dine in, you will have to go to the counter to place your order for both beverages and food. Similar to a bakery! 
Overall I would rate them a fair 
Follow me on ig @iamtygreenAbsolutely love the atmosphere of this place, as there was an outside area while the weather was nice. 
I would say the matcha and raspberry beignets were pretty delicious and came out piping hot with the filling oozing our ever so beautifully. 
I love the crawfish beignets as well! As I think that was my absolute favorite! It was very savory but also sweet at the same time. 
I liked how they also provided all kinds of different drinks and cafe au lattes. 
Definitely coming back to try out other items on the menu.Food was good, coffee was good, service was not as good. She was a little rude and cold but everything else was good. Their beignets are probably the best I've had in NOLA.This restaurant is a hipster's joint. My friend, who is local, is obsessed with going here until today. He was trying to get me and our friends to like the place but fell short. He was disappointed with today's service, and he claimed that our service that day does not represent the average day spent there. Our server was a bit off, as if she didn't want to work. I mean, we get it. Everyone has had one of those days. The food was delicious, but we wished our service wasn't unpleasant. We also wished our server was more careful with providing our food by not putting a part of her thumb on our food... that went on about four times. My friends and I didn't have the courage to say anything. We drank the following, and here is what we thought... Must drinks (don't set your expectation high): the vintage cocktail, not too old fashioned, the verdant lady, and lolita margarita. Not to drink: the grand isle (couldn't taste the alcohol), black crowe (tasted somewhere in the middle of gin with water or gin and tonic), and remembering cammile (too bitter, and not the good kind). The food was mediocre, but once you start drinking, the food tastes better.The Italian Panini and the 3 Sisters Panini were both incredible. The truffle fries were delightful. Great local coffee, and wonderful beignets. The atmosphere is also very beautiful. Check it out.This place has major pizzazz and boundless potential. From an adventurous selection of bubbly and wine to the offering of a beignet flight to the bench made out of a vintage piano- this spot is destined to be a new hot spot on Magazine Street.  
Pair the drinks- eats- and ambiance with a bar keep that's fully committed to patrons enjoying themselves and having a good time- it's just a recipe for SUCCESS. 
I loved the look of the place, love love LOVED the beignets- especially the s'mores OMG. And the little press for champagne (not actually operable) is so stinking adorbs. I will definitely be back to try more eats and drinks. They essentially have a wine bar AND a coffee bar- so choose your poison lol. 
My only gripe- and it's ever minor- is that they should have a set wine/bubbly tasting price- but I was told that is in the works! So I'm sure my four stars will soon be a five. I visited with my friend from California and she was equally impressed.The beignets were delish (try the strawberry lemonade one!) and my caramel latte was superb!Omg this place was amazing! The staff was so friendly and helped me decide what to get since I'm totes indecisive. The wings are a must try! That dry rub is so full of seasoning! 
Now let's get to the star of the show the stuffed beignets. I had the s'mores, the matcha, and the blueberry cheesecake. They sell they individually and as a flight. It was great to share with the whole table. 
I washed it all down with a bourbon spiked milk which was the perfect brunch drink.Nice place for drinks and small plates. We liked our drinks, the fries and the wings. Everything else was okay. There's a bar side and a coffee side. You order at the bar and they bring your food and drinks to you. We also ordered the beignet flight for our friend's birthday and luckily they had a candle! The raspberry filled beignet was okay. We liked the matcha and s'mores flavor more.This place is great for getting some work done, even on a weekday evening. The sound is manageable, and there are outlets in some areas. I ordered one of the matcha beignets (was visiting), and it did not disappoint. I also ordered the zoodle bowl during one of my visits. The prices are not super great, but I would recommend this place if you need a place to work and are in the area.really wanted to try this place but as soon as we walked in we noticed the bartender and chef were both not wearing masks. it's a shame, because otherwise we would've loved to stay. please care more about your patrons health so we can try your food next time!Great service, very friendly! If you're someone who's into outdoor dining this is definitely a great breakfast/brunch location. My only regret is that I didn't see they had patio seating available which was my fault, they did have a big sign near the register ‍. Great seating inside and out, avocado sandwich was my choice (5 stars). They're beignet we're pretty good, decent variety to choose from!!I never knew how much I needed whipped feta in my life but now that I have had it I don't know how I could ever live without it. Haha. All of the speciality beignets are wonderful and a beignet flight is a truly wonderful concept. There is a full bar and a full coffee shop. Everything you could ever want!If your in the garden district and need a coffee, brew, or a nice snack, this is a great option.  Beignets were far and away better than Cafe Dumond.  Chicory Coffee was excellent as well.  Cozy little spot with great street people watching.My mom & I decided to visit here today after seeing their King Cake beignet on Instagram. We arrived at about 8:30 this morning & it wasn't crowded so perfect timing! I ordered The Vintage breakfast, the King Cake beignet, & a hot black tea while my mom ordered The Vintage Breakfast & the s'mores beignet. Everything was delicious & then I realized the King Cake beignet had nuts in the filling after I ate a piece (I'm highly allergic to nuts). So, I went up to ask to be sure & they told me yes (I didn't read anywhere that there were nuts in the beignet). I had to run to Walgreens to grab two Benadryls! They were so nice however they gave me a replacement King Cake beignet with no nut filling to take to-go! (It was delicious)! So I warn you if you do have a nut allergy like myself ask for the one without nuts. I will definitely be back for more beignets! The lady that helped was so nice she kept checking on me to make sure I was ok!I was pretty happy with finding The Vintage while out walking along Magazine Street; the food and drink options are pretty appealing and the ambiance is pleasant. Not being a native, I didn't even realize that it was a fairly new place and the vibe inside is definitely lived-in (if not even a bit grimy which made me think it had been around for a while). They tout "frosé all day" on their sandwich board outside but unfortunately they didn't have it ready when we were there. We did get some good sparkling rosé and a few bites to eat. Everything we tried was really good: the alligator bites and beignets were my favorites, although the beignets were a bit different in that they are stuffed. We got the trio which lets you try 3 different kinds and I was excited because the flavor of the day was peach bourbon cheesecake or something of that nature, but they gave us a s'mores one instead which kind of made me sad. Not that it wasn't good, but very different than what I was expecting. The only thing I didn't like about the beignets was that the berry filling/topping seemed like it came from a jar, otherwise they were nice and it was fun to have several kinds to try. I feel like we tried at least one other thing but I just can't remember it, so I will finish with a side note that the service was pretty good and overall I have no real complaints. I would certainly come back here for frosé and some snacks.The bubbles are great and the bartenders work hard. However in this era of COVID19 the staff are not consistent at following their own mask policies and patrons don't keep themselves 6 feet apart. They don't even serve the food to your table with a mask sometimes - I mean I watched "the owner's wife" walk from front to back and round trip again with the same tray of beignets and no mask and no gloves...it creeped me out and I was so relieved that that tray was not mine! Also no one signs in as requested, so contact tracing would be impossible for this venue... it's in my neighborhood and the beignet bites are awesome but the place is ripe for being the next source or site for a new hotspot for COVID.... doesn't make me want to return anytime soon. It makes me sad because the food (beignet bites and truffle fries) and drinks are lovely.Good music. Great waitstaff. Beignets are killer. Reasonable price. In the Garden District, it's a a nice trolly ride on the St. Charles line. Escape the noise of the French Quarter and relax.I stumbled in to the Vintage completely by happy accident because I had been meaning to come by for some time but am rarely in the area. I must say that I'm very glad today allowed me the opportunity to try their food because even though I only got one thing it was delicious. I got one of their fancy beignets in the Blueberry cheesecake flavor and even thought it was more of a sweet Blueberry icing vibe than cheesecake it was extremely tasty and even though this is definitely a decently sized desert I didn't feel very heavy after eating it. Though I just assumed it would be hot when it got to me (I'm well trained by cafe du monde) I appreciated the fact that it wasn't so that I could start eating it immediately. The space itself was also very cute but due to the COVID-19 I'd say choose safety over ambiance.This is a nice place to chill, get work done on your computer, study, etc. It's cool if you want to meet up with a group. The name speaks for itself the vintage. It has an old fill to it... I sometimes would come here for a quick little snack. A single facet being a, being a bites or a muffin. Everything is made fresh in house.Great decor, ambiance and food.
This is a gem on magazine street.
They have really good beignet and truffle fries.
Their happy hour from 3 to 6pm is great too
It does gives you a little quite time away from the hectic worldCute spot for happy hour on magazine street! I visited with a friend for happy hour on a weekday afternoon and we sat at the bar. The happy hour deal is $5 glasses of wine and $5 small bites. The waitress was very friendly and helpful, she even had me try 2 white wines to decide which one I wanted to order for happy hour (without me asking!!). My friend and I also decided to order the beignet bites and the garlic and herb bites. For those of you who don't know (and we didn't) garlic and herb bites are the savory version of beignet bites... fried balls of dough with garlic and herb on top. Since each order is $5 for happy hour both orders of beignet bites were HUGE! We were only able to eat about 1 serving before we were completely stuffed. The garlic and herb bites were definitely the crowd favorite, as we finished almost all of those and barely any of the beignet bites, but that is probably just a personal preference for what you want at 5:00 with some wine. 
The atmosphere is cute, the waitress was friendly, and the wine and snacks are affordable during happy hour - all wins in my book! My only problem is that the happy hour menu only has 3 options for food (beignet bites, garlic and herb bites, and fries) so there isn't much variety. 
Food - 4 stars
Price - 4 stars
Service - 4 stars
Atmosphere - 4 starsThe beignet flight was super good. Great flavors to try! The outdoor seating was nice.This is a neat place. The vibe is so cool without being too much. The beignets were quality, the grits spot on, and high quality coffee. Anyone would feel comfortable here. The head of the Yelp Elite Squad for New Orleans recommended it to me.The food and coffee were AMAZING. We ordered two lattes and a few beignets. They were so so good. The vibe of the place was really cool too. The only reason i'm giving it four stars is because they need to work on their customer service. The barista was very rude and dismissive. Maybe they were having a bad day but they weren't very approachable. Our waitress was so very nice and helpful though.A must for happy hour on Magazine St! 
Beignets: Get the fancy flight! It's worth it for the price and the pictures. 3 huge beignets for just $6; got the matcha, blueberry cheesecake, and s'mores. Favorite was the s'mores, but eat it fast before it doesn't get hot anymore. 
Happy hour drinks: Large glass pours of a ton of wine, beer, gin cocktails, and champagne variety, for a reasonable happy hour price. 
Inside: Super cute coffeeshop + bar vibes, with outlets for working. Great interior and an outdoor patio as well!Fantastic fancy beignets, so much better than plain flavorless beignets any day.  I like the king cake one the best, it tasted like there was cream cheese in it. The matcha is decent too.  
he ordering process is inefficient and gets a minus 1 star.  You have to be patient to order but I still think it's worth it though.  There is 1 person who takes the order and this same person also makes all the coffee drinks, therefore the line move very slowly.  There's no table service.  Order at the end of the bar at the rear of the restaurant.  Vanilla latte was good and goes great with the beignets.Located on Magazine St, this is is definitely in a busy location, and possibly hard to find parking, but it's worth it. The ambiance and vibe as a whole is really chill. Unlike most coffee shops that are super loud and what not, this shop is actually pretty quaint. I ordered their iced caramel latte, and it tasted delicious. Most coffee shops that I go to, the iced caramel lattes are fairly bitter. But at the Vintage, theirs is actually just the right amount of sweet and strong. Their butter croissants are really scrumptious too. This is a nice, chic, and comfortable place to get work done. One of my favorite coffee shops right now.This is an awesome little retro coffee and bakery. In my opinion the beignets here and for sure the service are way better then Cafe du Monde. 
The vibe and nostalgia of the location combined with made to order food is what sets it apartThe vintage might reign king in my book for beignets! This not so hidden gem is located in a prime spot on magazine and 9th. I'm not usually a fan of matcha, but the matcha Bavarian cream filed beignet was so delicious. The beignet itself was rich and flavorful. I can't wait to try some of their other items. I also can't get over the speakeasy meets soda shoppe vibe. The only drawback was the long line to get served at the coffee bar. We were so lucky to get seats at the main bar where the bartender was friendly.This place was originally a coffee house Rue de la Course 
Love the old wood 
Love the original tile floor 
Wow the beignet flight was yummy I liked the S'mores the best  the Raspberry second  and the Matcha last 
The plain original beignets are good too 
But these beignets are a lot larger than normal 
Enjoyed it with Chandon Brut sparkling champagne method 
Wow what a way to end our evening 
And we could talk here and hear each other's conversation 
Definitely as they say late night provisions 
Nice way to end the eveningNative New Orleanian who has only tried Cafe Du Monde, these beignets are much better--lighter and don't have that weird greasy sort of aftertaste that Cafe Du Monde has. Be careful of the size you order, it may be too much.
The people who go here are super friendly. The people who work here are super nice.
The bathrooms could use a little work in terms of cleanliness, but that's literally the only issue with The Vintage.I've come here a couple times mostly because I get lots of mixed signals. I've decided this place is perfect for 1) a quick drink stop, 2) a place to work when you don't want to work, and 3) a relaxed late night out.
History: this place used to be an old Rue de la Course spot and had had a handful of owners since then. The new owners (or new store same owners?) updated it, added a decent food selection, but still kept the cafe feel. 
Service: the drinks are pretty good if you want to sit back and catch up with a friend (or on a date). It's a trendy spot with the mini-beignets which I think are pretty good. Not as good as cafe du monde but you also don't have to deal with the line or the people.
I'm hoping this spot stays and becomes a neighborhood staple.Excellent food and service! Staff recommended an array of food choices for my family and everything was hot, fresh and outstanding. I wish the Instagram account was more reflective of current choices and specials because it doesn't correlate to what's available. Servers recs were the way to go.Amazing coffee shop with hip ambiance and retro look. If you ask me I say the beignets were better and fresher than cafe beignets. Coffee was great. Social distancing and covid protocols followed. Must go.