Little effort put into food.  I ordered the blue crab special which consisted of 3 blue crabs, 1/4 an ear of corn and potatoes.  Crabs were average size, corn was cold on the inside and potatoes were tossed on the plate whole , with no seasoning.  The meal was 16.00 and a big letdown !  Bathrooms are on the second floor and absolutely filthy.  
Save your money and dine elsewhere.Overpriced :( Delicious :) The service was ok. There are a million less pricey places. I ordered a milk brandy punch and it was delicious. The crawfish etoufee was great. Nola poboys doesn't have as fancy an atmosphere, but the food was better priced and tasted better. This restaurant is nice if you need a Red Lobster type atmosphere for entertaining and big groups.Great food, poor service and they make it very difficult difficult to split the bill between multiple parties.Great hush puppies!   Crawfish were good (beginning of season they said... Not sure that was true).  Charred oysters were not my favorite.  Still this is a place I go when I'm in NOLA.Excellent food. Our server Lacy gave great recommendations on what to try. Had oysters on the half shell which tasted clean and sweet. Also had the chargrilled garlic and herb oysters and could really taste the chargrilled flavors. And had the boiled jumbo shrimp, was out of season for craw fish. Good substitute. Oh, the fried alligator was done to perfection, never over cooked. Nice staff and good service and great food. Can't go wrong here.Delicious charbroiled oysters!! Best boiled shrimp and all around great place to eat. Really enjoyed it!The oysters were delicious, some of the best we have ever had! We've been coming here for over 25 years. The stuffed avocado with shrimp Remoulade was a treat, I try to eat somewhat healthy on vacation! Angelo recommended the blackened catfish on top, which was an excellent suggestion! Angelo and Kenny were especially attentive to our every needs!Mmmmm.... my friends and I couldn't wait to stand in line at Coop's for a dinner after a ghost tour one night, so we ended up at French Market Restaurant and Bar. I got a salad and the crab stuffed mushrooms and split a tray of oysters with my friends (the nice staff there gave us a little  more than a dozen!! That's what I'm referring to when I refer to the general niceness of the New Orleans locals. "Nice" is a general blanket statement to make about people... I don't know if it's that southern charm or the Southern Drawl.....but everywhere we went, the people of the service sector were genuinely friendly and enthusiastic, helpful, and very open and generous). Anyhow.... back to the food review---the portions were huge. I tried a bit of my friend's soft shell crab poboy (fabulous) and my other two friends had the gumbo and the crab/shrimp salad. Come for a satisfying meal.My girlfriend and I were walking by when we took the scent of the Cajun spice and the crawfish and decided we'd eat here. 
The crawfish boat that we had was more than enough for the two U.S. But we still killed the whole thing cuz they were so good. The gumbo and serving of French bread that I Haden's good. I even asked for a second order of that bread. 
We sat on the balcony upstairs and although you didn't have this amazing view, you did. We're able to see the people of New Orleans and tourist like ourselves move around (people watcher)
I got put on to a pimms cup(and I got put on) which is like bourbon and lime and I think ginger ale but it was mad refreshing seeing we were walking around in that Nola humidity 
Our waiter TJ (if I remember right) went above and beyond taking care of us. Seriously, thank you!The food is amazing!!!! A must do in New Orleans!!!! Ask for Mandy, she is a terrific waitress and is very knowledgeable !!!Excellent meals... Very cool oyster house with an open oyster bar and a boiling pot of crawfish right at the front door! Very cool to watch the guys shuck the oysters right in front of you! Our server was great... Fried catfish = awesome!! Also serves the best homemade pecan pie!!This is my favorite place in the french quater. First off the aroma approaching the front door... mouth watering spicy goodness is all I can describe it as. I love the older historic building. Its got character, and I can only imagine all the people who've been there over the yrs.  Only negative is the hostess are not very friendly, but that's OK, I come for the food not to make friends. We ate here 2 nights I a row and sat in the corner by the raw bar. We watched eagerly as the red steaming  boats of crawfish came whizzing by us. My boyfriend had some raw oysters, they were huge fresh and delicious. The crab legs and crawfish were my kryptonite. We didn't speak for 15 mins other than the occasionally groan and grunt and mumble "fu€k this is good". At one point I looked up and saw a couple across the room watching us eat in disbelief as we shoveled food in our mouths like beasts. Hats off the the guy who shucks and works the boil pot. He not only has to fill the tickets for the restaurant he was our server and kept our drinks full and us entertained. Also had the shrimp and grits and many bloody marys the second day and wasn't disappointed. This is a 100% honest review. We travel a lot and love food we were sooo impressed and still dream about this place!We smelled our way towards this restaurant as the smell of crab legs was very distinctive and appetizing. I ended up ordering a fried catfish po-boy that came along with well seasoned french fries. The po-boy was huge, with a lot of fried catfish. The service at the restaurant was pretty great with our waiter being very friendly and helpful from the very beginning. Great price for a very filling and delicious dinner.The food was outstanding, & ambiance was perfect. Best Cajun poboy I ever had! Only gets three stars because the service was perhaps the WORST I've ever had. Essentially, no one was home, & no one cared. We sat, & sat, & sat.....& it wasn't that busy.  Tables were laughing about it.  So, if you don't mind being ignored, you'll love the food.Stopped in for a quick bite for lunch. Angelo our waiter was amazing, very friendly and attentive.  Ordered gumbo and blackened alligator - absolutely fabulous! !!!!! For dessert we were treated to praline bread pudding fresh out of the oven. OMG incredible! !!!!
MUST CHECK OUT THIS PLACEI'll start with, I was very tired and just wanted a meal. Everywhere else closes fairly early (c'mon French Quarter!) so we ended up here. Tired. Hungry. And ready to go home, but the hotel room would suffice.
Server was fairly quick to come take the order. Food took a while, but I'll blame my state of mind.
EVERYONE in New Orleans is super nice, so the service was like any other restaurant around the French Quarter and around New Orleans: pleasant and attentive.
We ordered the Swamp Platter, as well as the Crab Cakes.
Was not very impressed with any of it. I ate it because I was tired and hungry (did I say that already?) but definitely did not enjoy the tomato based portion of the platter. Nor did I enjoy the crab cakes, but I think I don't generally enjoy them so have at it.
Don't know when I'll return to New Orleans, but this won't be at the top of my list of places to visit (unless it's after 7pm) when I go back. Definitely not outstanding, but not all places can be outstanding. :)The service here was really great.  The bartenders almost acted like tour guides providing great history and stories of the origins of the local cuisine.  We were hoping to have the Cajun style boiled crawfish, but they were not in season.  So we ordered the 1/2 pound broiled shrimp, the fried green tomatoes with crawfish sauce, and the seafood platter with fried catfish, oysters, shrimp, crawfish fritters, and frog legs.  The boiled shrimp were great, you get a nice sized shrimp, but the whole shrimp meaning you have to remove the head, legs, and shell.  The shrimp were really good, the fried green tomatoes and sauce were good my only complaint, the batter was a little soggy and fell apart at times.  The crawfish fritters were great, reminds me of a conch fritter.  The fried frog legs and shrimp were really good,  the fried oysters I fell do not work with a corn meal based batter, and tasted soggy after each bite.  All in all a solid spot in the crescent city.Kitchen was very short staffed but our waitress Karen  was working her butt off trying to get the food out. We went very late after a ghost tour when most restaurants were closed. Management needs to be more proactive during busy seasons like spring break to ensure proper staffing.Thai restaurant is AMAZING. We had an amazing experience with the food and our waitress, Chell. She is the best! Definitely ask for her. The only reason for 4 stars is due to the hostess at the front door who immediately told us that our party of 5 could not sit together and in order to be seated we would have to break up our party into 2 & 3, otherwise it would be over 90 minutes to be seated. While she was saying this half of the tables in the restaurant were empty. Despite our terrible, and I mean incredibly rude, experience with the hostess, our server, Chell and the food were FANTASTIC. 5/5 stars for Chell & food. Well done.We have been to this place. The food was good, server was good but the old lady was hosting us at the front door had a nasty attitude. We felt like we were not welcomed at this place. She sid the door was dbroken we could not fit the twins stroller then she said because we already had drinks on hands.. we are not allowed to be in there... she refused us. We said we could throw drinks away no big deal... but she acted like she did not want us to be there. We decided not to have lunch at this place and will never be back. She is terrible.We ate here on a whim, and man were we disappointed! Earlier that day we had some amazing shrimp for less than half the price across the river, and then paid $24 a plate for mediocre food here. Had I paid $12 for my meal I might have thought it was decent, but for the price it made me think the food was just gross. My sun got the boiled shrimp ($10) and it was alright. Again, probably because it was reasonably priced for not being absolutely fantastic. 
The takeaway: ridiculously way over priced, and the food is sub par.We walked in here for some crawfish & shrimp boil, but ended up with other foods. Everything we tried was absolutely delicious. Don't forget the chocolate praline bread pudding. It's one of the best I've tried here in NOLA. Our server Tom was great!Delicious BBQ Shrimp, would order it again. Our server was great and we were served quickly. I like to pick a restaurant that is busy with lots of customers and it worked again with the French Market Restaurant. Try it!It's not the prettiest place but it has its charm. My BBQ shrimp were delicious but the French bread served with it was a crumbly rock.Just had a quick bite before an evening tour tonight. Based on the reviews I read I was excited to try the crawfish and blackened alligator. They did not disappoint. The alligator came out first with my salad. It was tender and perfectly spicy. My first inclination was to dump it on top of my salad. It was a great add on. I also had my first Sazerac which I have to say is a much more sophisticated libation than the fruitier drinks that are so popular in Nola. Finally a small boat of spicy crawfish that tasted like I expected. If you are ever here this is must eat place. Moderately priced and good portions of well cooked food.The prices were really affordable. The crawfish was delicious! The gumbo was really really good but it was kinda small and not had warm as I would have liked. My only complaints were: the fries were cold (think re-warmed McDonald's fries cold), they were out of blue crab, and they didn't have warm butter. However, the service was great. Definitely would come back!Management was rude to the point of being obnoxious and was unapologetic about terrible service. I've had terrible service before but am unsure whether I've had a manager who refused to remedy the situation. I was offended by the way management treated me and what they said. I would have walked out but for being with a group. 
I suggest avoiding this dump like the plague.This is an old review that I forgot to publish. We came here in on our visit to New Orleans in March of 2011. 
As much as one would expect for a tourist-trap place: food was so-so, service was curt, overpriced for the overall quality. Ordered the "hot boiled crawfish"... except it was lukewarm. I thought it was suppose to be "hot boiled"?! I guess it was a decent-sized basket of crawfish for $9.99. The seasoning was meh, nothing to rave about. I would say it was disappointing but I expected to be disappointed so I guess it wasn't really a disappointment... if that made any sense at all. Anyway, didn't try anything else so maybe they have other food that was worth it.All we ordered were oysters on the half shell and charbroiled oysters. Oysters were fresh and delish! Can't go wrong with that. Charbroiled were good but it was just cheese on top nothing special. I wanted to try Acme Oyster House but didn't get the chance to :(Dixie Beer and bugs. Top that! OK, I will - with a half dozen freshly shucked raw oysters! And a 2nd pound of bugs. They boil the crawfish in the window and the smell draws you inside. The shrimp creole was tasty - could have used more shrimp - and remove the tail before you drop them in the sauce!  Initially the service was a bit slow for the number of tables our waitress appeared to cover, but she recovered. I'd come back here.First place we stop for food after landing and heading to the French Quarters. Got the Cajun Bloody Mary and it wasn't spicy so had to add more Tabasco sauce but overall it was ok. We had a party of 6 so we did share some fried gator, which does taste like chicken, and garlic and herb char oysters, love the oysters. My hubby ordered the shrimp and grits, grits were awesome and I ordered crab cakes, too much breading and had no flavor.We wanted a cup of coffee after dinner and stumbled across this gem.  We ended up getting pecan pie for dessert, that was amazing! they had a live jazz band playing and service was fast and excellent!  We were there after the dinner rush, so I'm not sure how fast it is during busy times, but they have a bar! Food prices looked slightly higher than my other favorite place in the French quarter, but you can beat the location and atmosphere here including local music!Terrible tourist rip off. They took our order 15 minutes before they closed (and failed to mention they were closing) and as our order came out they were putting up chairs. Within a few minutes they were taking away our plates. The food was terrible, the "manager" was rude and it ruined our last night in New Orleans. After looking at the website I realized from a picture that the owner was standing right there and did nothing. THIS IS A TOURIST RIP OFF!The service was very slow but everyone was quite nice. It took about 10 minutes per drink and the restaurant was not that busy. My food was pretty good but you really can't mess up fried green tomatoes. There were some very interesting patrons at the bar which entertained me from a distance.As our waitress said, "seafood is what we do best!" Po' Boys, gumbo, barbecue shrimp NOLA style, seafood seafood seafood! I grew up eating cajun food living outside of New Orleans, so the gumbo I had was like deliciously warm comfort food! I think some of the reviews before are a little ridiculous when saying the place was fishy smelling... well hello you're in New Orleans one of the biggest port cities with a colorful history, and part of that history is the delicious food, so if you don't like seafood... don't go to New Orleans! Our group had a blast, and the smell from the restaurant is what actually lured us in! The only reason I didn't give the restaurant 5 stars was because I think the price was a little on the steep side, and the menu options were somewhat limiting! The staff is really nice, and the service was great, I would definitely go back!A little spendy and has a lot of tourists.... But three dishes here are important and worth checking out, their oyster chars, crawfish pie, and the fried alligator tail. The service is always friendly and attentive.Stopped in for a drink and snack. The Louisiana Lemonade was refreshing and hit he spot. We ordered fried crawfish tails, onion rings and hush puppies and they were all fantastic! Be sure to stop in for a treat and the A/C was nice.The service was good. That was the best macaroni and cheese I have ever had. It's a small place so you may want to come in at an off time. The bbq shrimp were yummy. We got the shrimp Maque Choux and it was good, too.
Nothing fancy, but a decent dinner with huge portions.I actually enjoyed this place. I agree with most that say the food is a little pricey, but it's fresh. I had the seafood platter for my appetizer and steak and boiled shrimp for my meal. I gorged out and ate all of it and it was awesome. I was reading the reviews before I ate and was pretty scared to say the least. I know it's more of a tourist destination. Even our waitress asked where were from. That was more of the offensive side, but she was great though. Prompt and polite at all times. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because the bathrooms were a little nasty and the atmosphere was a little dull. That is being picky, but I can't shell out 5s all day long.Came here for breakfast buffet. I'm just curious as to how someone can ruin simple breakfast foods. My tastebuds were assaulted by the most tasteless grits,biscuits and eggs. I would rather throw 10.95$ into a sewer then spend another cent here.Second time hear been here only shy of 24 hours and the food is amazing I came back for more.  Best jambalaya I've had the crawfish bisque is excellent!!! I would eat anything on this menu and will be back in a future vacation love this place !!!Go upstairs and order from the bar.  The crawfish are great! Super friendly staff.
We are new to crawfish but they were delicious.  Highly recommend is you are close buy.Reviews said service was stellar here. False. Realize place was slammed for lunch, but it took 13 minutes to take drink order and then 53 minutes for a cup of gumbo to come out.  1 of 2 appetizers came out and then our main dishes followed 7 minutes later.  It was a horribly timed meal and frustrating experience.
As far as food goes, the crab and shrimp artichoke dip was awesome.  It was an enormous bowl but it only came with a few pieces of bread. The gumbo was average, ate it with a fork, since that is what you eat soup with at this restaurant...  The shrimp creole was good and had a decent kick to it. The pasta jambalaya was really greasy. Almost to a point where it was inedible.
This was the fourth seafood restaurant we ate at during this trip to new Orleans, and by far the worst. With so many options around, i would not waste my time here.Great crawfish, the voodoo moon is a sweet but very good cocktail. First afternoon I sat downstairs, very nice. Second day we all sat upstairs in the balcony and enjoyed the live band as we watched people walk by.The dinner my group had tonight was not pleasant. To start with the hostess that showed the group to a tablet on the second floor was beyond unacceptable. The lady was chewing what appeared to be chips with an open mouth and was very disgusting. Our waitress that took care of the table was great though, if I was to return next week it would be because of her. It took 40 minutes to get the orders for the table, one order had sweet potato fries which were cold and not edible. One order was completely wrong, a shrimp and oyster poboy but got the platter instead. since it took 40 minutes to get the food it was pointless to send it back not wanting to wait all night. Another order of gumbo had undercooked rice and was also cold. Two glasses where dirty and had nasty stuff floating in them. When it was time for the ticket the waitress asked the lady that was sitting on the corner rolling silverware to get a togo box for one of the dishes but instead of getting a togo box she just sat down to eat a bag of what looked like fritos.  An attempt to fix the problem was not even made.Above and beyond!!! The Oysters were char grilled with this herb and garlic covering that was outstanding. The Alligator Sausage Sandwich was perfect. The bartender recommended a great local ale to go with everything and it was the perfect meal, perfect size and perfect taste. Great place and a must visit in New Orleans!I was showing my son the Quarters, during our stroll he mentioned he wanted some crab legs...we stopped at a few places, but they weren't up our alley.
We came here and found exactly what he was looking for!  He got the King Snow Crab legs and I had a Hurricane and Crab cakes.
My drink was tasty and full to the brim, not watered down.  My son devoured his crab legs, they never had a chance, he loved them.  lol.  
My crab cakes were very 'meh' especially at $18.00 for only 2.  Chile, please...
But!  I did have the cheesecake and it was absolutely DELISH.  
Our waiter was very cool and personable though.  It was late evening and there was a moderate crowd and everyone seemed to be enjoying their meals.
It's a cute place, nothing fancy---I'd go back again and explore the menu a bit more.My hotel, Provincial. Was right around the corner from this restaurant.  We passed it numerous times going back to the hotel.  I noticed this morning that they had boiled seafood.  I was hooked.  I told my friends to meet me here after they finished their bike tour.  
After waiting ten minutes in line, we were sent upstairs.  There we met the host, Bryan, who hooked us up with a table on the balcony.  We had a great view of Decatur and the Mardi Gras vehicle & pedestrian traffic.
Monique and I shared one pound of boiled shrimp, with corn, potatoes, and sausage.  They only gave us two pieces of sausage.  We could have had at least two more.  It was seasoned well.  Very good. Jennifer had the salmon and arugula salad.  She said it was good but it had too many pecans on it.  I had a side of one soft shell crab.  It was so good.  This was a great restaurant.Awww, where do I start?
Well, we were recommend to try this place if we wanted crawfish.  Well, the crawfish wasn't too spicy and very juicy. U can tell
The crawfish was fresh and not frozen. 
I also had the fried alligator. U really have to try this is ur adventitious. I loved it. 
Service was good even as this place was packed!!!I stopped in for the breakfast buffet, my favorite part was the crispy bacon, everything else was ok.  The staff was nice and the French market location was nice.  To me this was the same type of standard fare you will find at dennys or big boy.  There are moe interesting places to eat breakfast than this in the French Quarter.I went here fairly late one night and they told us it would be a ten minute wait that ended up going much later. By the time we were seated, the waiters were rushing us because we were the last tables and made it very known as well. Considering it was their delay and not ours, I didn't find it fair to treat us as rudely as they did.
The hostess downstairs was a sweetheart and very helpful. She told us that we would have better luck splitting our big group into two so we did as she said, she also mentioned this would exempt us from the included gratuity. Most hostesses don't do that, so it was very sweet of her.
While we were being seated, we mentioned we'd prefer outside because it was open and there seemed to be no one upstairs at all and the new hostess was very obviously rude about the request. Our waiter was even more rude and didn't want to answer any questions at all. He wouldn't even let me speak full sentences. I asked if I could substitute an item on the sampler and he rudely denied me saying that because of the new menu, they don't make any alterations. I asked if they could just take the item out and not substitute because my mom would lose her appetite looking at frog legs and again he rudely denied.
The group that was with us later informed us that their waiter even made a few racist comments because they were asking about pork ingredients and he told them to go to the Arab place down the street.
The food was good but the service killed the experience. Otherwise the balcony also has a great view of Decatur and the busy street below.It was so hard to choose where to eat while in the French Quarter.  We were only there for a few hours and this was truly a find.
I had the Blackened Shrimp with sweet potato fries and hubby had the Oyster Po Boy and loved it.  We both absolutely loved our lunch.
They have a great patio upstairs overlooking Decatur St and the service was really good. 
Good food, good service and a great people watching spot.My sister was begging for a po boy before her flight out of new orleans and it smelled incredible outside here so we decided to stop in...turns out the good smell was coming from across the street. This place had all your traditional nola plates for us to try out some of the foods we missed. Should have tried it somewhere else, but it wasn't bad. 
The place was just a little dirty and nothing special. She got her po boy and we tried some alligator and hush puppies. everything was just your standard battered and fried plate of grease and nothing was too fresh. no extra spice that made it nice, fries lookin straight out of mickey d's and prices higher than what any of it was worth. Service was average, and everything was just overall average and a shrug.We had lunch here on Christmas... Perhaps it was one of the few restaurant that were open, it was crowded and the food was very normal... The gumbo I had was flavorless and the po-boy was basically bread with salami...after 5 hours of walking, we came across this restaurant and decided to eat here and have an early dinner on the upstairs patio . food was was extremely yummy and good hearty portions!Of course they have all the local crafts from Abita to Urban South! The oyster poboy with hush puppies is delicious! Throw a little tobacco on there and maybe get a wild hair to order a Pimm's Cup!!! Very delicious and French Quarter favorite!This was probably the worst service and food Ive EVER had. The seafood gumbo must have had microbes.....because I didnt see any shrimp, crab or oysters. I wont repeat this mistake again. FINAL ANSWER!At first I thought the food was okay, not bad, we are having good conversations. After sitting on the 2nd floor balcony with live jazz music playing across the street for a few hours, we were enjoying the company. However, I hear a scurry and see a big fat rat run across the floor, then I look down on the floor and there are a cockroaches. I'm okay with mom and pop, but I am certainly not used to that nastiness at a restaurant! My colleagues were not bothered by the little creatures as they expected it in such an old place, but I picked up my feet and was ready to go since the rat could still be heard running around. Please clean this up! 
We had the shrimp boil because crawfish season is over and the crawfish boil was unavailable. We added corn, potatoes and sausage. It was okay, I'm used to more flavorful crawfish boils in California at places like Boiling Crab. It was quite bland. Also ordered oysters rockefeller, crab cakes, and crab dip which were not exciting and not worth it. The only reason why I am giving this place a 2-star rather than a 1-star is because of the exception people and service at the restaurant. They were extremely friendly and nice. In good company, anything  can be okay. But the rat and cockroaches really weren't forgivable. If you're okay with dirty places and want a balcony to enjoy the NOLA night, then go here. If rats near your feet freak you out, then don't.We've eaten here before many years ago.  Don't waste your time ordering The Rockefeller.  Wasn't very good and looked like diarrhea on oysters.  That being said, the red beans and rice, jumbalaya and fried catfish were very good.  The portion size is huge!  Unless you want leftovers, share with your mate. Nothing special about this place but has good traditional New Orleans fare.Good service ! Great food! This is the spot for the crawfish!! Love this place great ambiance and if your lucky they have rooftop balcony seating ! Every we ate was amazingThis was our second stop while in NOLA and I'd highly recommend heading here if you're looking for a casual lunch or dinner spot. It'd also be great if you're looking for somewhere to catch a game as they're are a few TVs around. 
Our waitress warned us that the entrees are very large and I wasn't that hungry so I split the fried catfish po boy with a friend. The catfish was lightly breaded and fried to perfection. I added some remoulade on top and it tasted amazing! And the baguette was flaky on top while soft on the bottom. We also got the hush puppies as a side and they were very well spiced. 
Just a heads up if you're going with a large group -- they can't split the check, but they can take up to 4 cards. 
So glad we chose to come here! I'll be back next time I'm in NOLA!Food Taste/Presentaion: B- Good food, although not a lot of options for those of us that don't eat meat or dairy (then again, it IS a seafood restaurant). Great Drinks. Large Portions.
Price: A-Very Reasonable
Ambiance: B it's a divey restaurant but has a huge second floor deck overlooking the french quarter.
Location: A It's across from the Mississippi River, in the heart of the French Quarter, across the street from the French Market
Service: A- the waitstaff and bartenders are wonderful...the wait is horrible.Our last meal in NOLA, on a recent "girls weekend" and it didn't disappoint! 
Our server was new, and really did a great job of juggling all the dishes we selected and keeping us hydrated with ample water pours, with a white wine here and there.
Our group tried the following: oysters on the half shell (5 star), boiled sausage, corn and potatoes (4.5 star and a great price!), a cup of crawfish bisque with lump crap added on (5 star decadent bliss), and a grilled fish (don't recall what kind) with asparagus.
Why no 5th star on this review? Because I asked for a diet coke to go, and was told by a server that it would be "no charge" and I think it was 2.00-ish. No biggie, it's the Big Easy and this is the French Quarter.
Clean restrooms, attentive servers, a slice of French Quarter history and a convenient location when checking the area out - Do try French Market. Bon appetit!We were so hungry when we passed by this restaurant. We ordered food that could probably feed 8 people- there were only 3 of us. As usual, we ordered charbroiled oysters, crawfish bisque, cajun shrimp, creamy crawfish pasta w crab cake and jambalaya. From the moment we got to New Orleans we pretty much ate the same things  but at different places. This place would probably be my 2nd favorite just after Acme Oyster House. I loved the pasta!!! Another thing that we enjoyed is seeing how "cajun" is different from what we have in L.A. Their shrimp definitely didn't come in a bag drowning in sauce. It was delicious. Plenty of things listed on the menu so might get overwhelming. The only thing I didn't like is that we waited for a while for our food.We are happy to report that we can provide a review on the French Market that exceeds most of the others.  Our experience which is limited on scope as we have had the same dish on each visit - char grilled oysters and a house salad. But the fact that in our five days in NOLA we dined here three times. Both experiences were of the same high quality. So good that six days later on our return from a road trip, before returning to the airport for our flight home, we are looking forward to our third visit for the same meal. Food and service was exceptional.Waitress was good.  Like the building.  Shrimp over cooked. Not flavored well.  Good sauce. The gumbo was ok.  Drinks were good. The atmosphere, location, and employees save it.Big caveat to my review is that we did not eat at the restaurant but did do a 1 pound crawfish takeout order. Crawfishs were tasty and nicely seasoned to a slight spiciness, so food wise, it was all good. The two stars review is really based on the horrible service experience. Apparently, the crawfish cookers and the bartenders/takeout orders have some kind of strange almost adversarial relationship that spills over to how customers are treated.
First off, having never been to the place before and not knowing the appropriate protocol and with no hostesses around, I went to the raw bar (which is located right at the entrance) and asked if I could order a pound of crawfish to go. Guy said yep no prob but then walked away without saying anything else. Not seeing a cash register of any kind at the raw station, I meandered over to the bar where the bartenders asked me what I would like. I obviously said a pound of crawfish to go and she proceeded to ring me up at the  register which in my experience with takeouts at bars is fairly normal. However, when the raw bar guy saw her processing my order, he started flipping out and mumbling something about HE was supposed to process the order and this and that. I was obviously bewildered having no idea what was going on and the bartender said "don't worry about it it's not you, they do this all the times with customers." If that's the case, management really need to sort things out before this conflict really explode one  day, not to mention before more customers become turned off by the establishment.This place is bad. We had the gator and peel n eat shrimp as appetizers and could not finish either as they were both fishy. After i finished my $8 beer we got out of there only to see they automatically put an 18% gratuity for the 2 of us. Ridiculous. Please don't go hereWas VERY crowded on a Thursday afternoon.  Waited to get seated and service was a little slow but waitress was very nice and good humored!  Bar tender (Carter) was NOT friendly or into customer service at all!  Apparently he doesn't care about being tipped!  I could give details but we won't waist our time on him !    The Fried Green Tomato appetizer was fantastic as were the raw oysters.  Red beans and rice are spot on, jambalaya was very good, gumbo was better than average but not better than my home made (of course, lol).  The jumbo shrimp platter(fried) was ample and good.  Snow crabs were boiled in crab boil which is awesome and the boiled shrimp were huge!  All in all, food great, our waitress was good and entertaining!  Biggest complaint was the bartender CARTER! Would have gotten a 4 star if is wasn't for Carter :(. Get another job!I'm giving this place one star because zero stars isn't an option.
I adore food... I love everything about it. Except when it's prepared and served as carelessly as at this miserable excuse for a restaurant.  
My boyfriend and I, both of whom are in the service industry, went in for a quick bite/attempt to qualm our oyster cravings before the dinner rush and were absolutely appalled at both the poor quality of food set before us, as well as the lack of attention the waitress paid to our table... we spent half our meal trying to find somebody to refill our drinks, even though there were two seemingly-senior staff members and two servers on on otherwise-empty floor.  The only time our server paid us any mind was when the bill came, whereupon she hovered over the table waiting for her tip, which, for the record, was the lowest I've ever left.
As far as the food, our raw oysters were unfresh and slightly cooler than room-temperature. I found my boyfriend, an oyster purist who prefers the flavors of the gulf to gratuitous cocktail saucery and lemon juice, loading up his fodder with the available ketchup-and-horseradish mixture just to give it any flavor at all.
The "chargrilled" oysters were just sad.  Maybe I've been spoiled by Drago's and Acme, but presenting a plate of tired oysters covered in what tasted like shaker-can Parmesan cheese and residual grease is just wrong!  
I'm not trying to be a bitch, but putting out quality food isn't That difficult, and for $68.00, I expected better.  Don't be fooled by the enticing window display and come-hither seafood boil smell - save yourself the frustration and expense and go somewhere else.Sat on the balcony upstairs. Service was well informed and attentive.   Oysters and crab au gratin were excellent.i didn't have very high expectations for this place, but we saw the oysters in the window and that's what we wanted. the place seemed very touristy to me, but again, oyster snacks were the drive for us to go there.
they oysters were very good, cold and fresh with a nice and spicy cocktail sauce to accompany. we also tried the calamari, which wasn't  very good. someone next to use was eating the jambalaya, and although i didn't like the first one i had, i thought I'd better give the dish another chance. 
this one wasn't a tomato base, so i thought it would be very different. i must say it was alot better than the one at coop's in my opinion. the rice was a little firmer and the sausage in it was very tasty. i reminded me alot of a poor man's paella, without the saffron. we tried the fried crabs, but i was having a hard time getting past all the weird brain looking stuff inside, so i won't comment on that one. we also had the shrimp/oyster combo plate.  it was a  basic fried seafood plate, nothing to write home about, good, but nothing amazing.  
although this place was better than i thought, it is touristy. so you can expect to pay too much. the one that was great about this place was the upstairs balcony seating! very nice to just chill and people watch on Decatur street!After along morning walking in the heat I came across this place.  Really good food & very favorable. I ordered the shrimp n grits which were great. The other dishes my mom & step-dad had were good as well. 
The Cadillac is a must try. Our server we had was very friendly & helpful. This place is a little pricey but worth every cent.I wandered in here after smelling the foodwith a group of girls who were indecisive and had one gluten free eater and one vegetarian eater. The menu clearly marks GF, so that was a major plus. Our male server was very friendly and helpful. My cousin and I shared chargrilled oysters, jambalaya and grilled alligator. The oysters were AMAZING. I've never had anything like it. I'm not a big oyster fan, but they are completely transformed when they are grilled. I had only had alligator fried, but we really enjoyed it grilled! I was nervous but it was tender and had great flavor. The jambalaya was also very good.  We were glad we stumbled into this restaurant!Overall good meal. Great tourist trap effort.
Charbroiled oysters were very tasty. Bred was skittle hard & need some dipping sauce!
Fried green tomatoes were too pricey & just ok. Sliced too big, fry fell off too easy & little sauce & flavor.
Catfish/shrimp combo Poboy was excellent. Fried well, great taste & big. Bread is just ok. Remoulade & cocktail sauce were very good.
Boiled crawfish had good seasoning & good despite not in season.
Service was not bad.Only reason why I gave this place a star was because our waitress was so sweet and efficient. Other than that however, this place is horrible! The food was disgusting and the drinks we ordered were watery. The hostess was extremely rude to us and had an attitude reflecting she doesn't care about her role in the restaurant. We ate at many restaurants in the French Quarter and this by far was the worse.The chargrilled oysters are out of this world! We ordered the boiled shrimp with potatoes, sausage and corn. It had a nice spice to it, not too hot. The in house made cocktail sauce on the other hand was plenty spice. Very good!No trip to New Orleans is complete without  a steaming batch of boiled crawfish. We decided on dinner here after we smelled the crawfish cooking during our visit to the French market in the afternoon. These mudbugs did NOT disappoint! 
The lower rating for this place is purely due to service. Our waiter was atrocious and did nothing but make excuses. It took at least 10 minutes for him to bring our waters and at least that long for him to bring my boyfriend his beer. However, when we asked for a second boat of crawfish - one was seriously not enough - he brought it to us almost immediately. 
We ordered the blackened alligator for an appetizer and asked the waiter to bring us some bread to soak up the seasoning with. Absolutely incredible! You have to try this stuff. The crawfish was piping hot, perfectly spicy and delicious. 
The takeaway here is the food was incredible, but service was beyond frustrating. We weren't the only table who looked displeased. We might return, but with the wide variety of options in the French quarter, we'll probably try somewhere new with a better reputation for service.Service is beyond amazing, super engaging and sweet. The Cajun alligator, super delicious. Oyster, probably the best. Over all great little spot to dip into for a quick bite while walking the streets of New Orleans.Crawfish were spicy like I like. It smells awesome in here because they boil the crawfish right in the front. Potatoes and sausage were good too. I also really liked the shrimp poboys from here.Excellent restaurant! Great food and friendly service. I usually order the Cajun pasta it's amazing would recommend to anyoneOne of my all time favorite restaurants! I don't think you could order anything here, that wasn't good. The drinks are awesome and so is the food. The Char-grilled oysters and jambalaya are my favorite here. You won't find oysters, like they prepare them, at many other places. The crawfish is always a good choice too. They cook it fresh to order, right out in the middle of the restaurant. If you are in New Orleans, make sure to add this to the must go places!Our trip to New Orleans made us raise the bar on expectations from servers in restaurants. Our server here was top notch. She did an OUTSTANDING job with recommendations for us Chicagoans and she made us feel like we were in her home! She knew the menu inside and out and did a great job of explaining everything. 
We started out with some fried gator tail pieces. I have had alligator in Chicago and nothing in Chicago could touch the taste of what I had here. For my main course I had the Bayou platter which consisted of red beans and rice, shrimp creole, and jambalaya.  Each of my selections was very good but I was surprised that the flavors were not much bolder. As the meal went on and things started to slowly mix together on my plate I started picking up some forkfuls of multiple items. The mixture tasted very good together. Our server said that the barbeque shrimp was a local favorite. so that is what my wife had. It was outstanding!!!! I can see why it was a local favorite. 
We had a good meal here. I think it is brilliant that they prepare the crayfish in the front window in view of the street. That alone has to draw a good deal of people here!AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL service!!!!!!! Foods okay... P.S. if you have a group larger than 6 you CAN NOT split the bill...WHY?!?!? I don't know.... I kid you not, our waitress made fun of me and my friends through out the meal because we're from out of state visiting for the BCS National Championship game. When I was trying to pay, me and my friend were trying to figure out how much everyone needs to chip in since they WON'T split the bill for us, so  the waitress kept coming by asking are we ready to pay while we were still figuring out who order what, so she call us idiot for not knowing how to do simple math meanwhile we had over 20+ items on the receipt. I working the restaurant business all my life and I have never receive worst service than this place.The service is below standard. Maybe because there are many people and not enough waiter/waitress. It take too long for me to order or to get food.
I've ordered a crawfish $13 and a jambalaya $5.
The crawfish is tasty BUT they are so small! Like really small. The amount of meat you'd get from one crawfish is like about one dice. I was lucky that I've got one big one and it's triple the size of others. 
On the other hand, jambalaya is very good. A lot better than Coop's which I had for lunch. 
I'd come back for Jambalaya, but I'd avoid crawfish.Probably the best seafood restaurant i have ever had in my three-day trip here in NOLA.We almost didn't go here due to the reviews on yelp. For once, we went somewhere because we wanted to go there, not based on the reviews....I will say, they wanted to charge us for eating upstairs. Really? No thanks, all we wanted was crawfish, which we got. 3 pounds for $15 and the best crawfish of the night. Once we were sat, we got excellent service. If it weren't for the upstairs shenanigans, they would have gotten 5 stars.Rude and condescending waitress.  I asked for an extra stool to put my bag on. But waitress was not able to help, she noted that there aren't any chairs left.  When I looked around the place, it was full of empty chairs and tables.
I argued and she shouted back that it's against the law for fire safety issues (a bunch of excuses).  The waitress did not have a service mind and treated our table like a bunch of dogs begging to eat at the restaurant.
Food was ok.  The alligator meat was good, but the  boiled prawns were quite bland.
Overall would not recommend.  Very poor service, and dirty atmosphere.
 There are many better places around the French quarter to go to.First time was great, really enjoyed boiled jumbo shrimp. Had crawfish étouffée which was $20 but not worth it-where's the crawfish? Came back second time just for boiled jumbo shrimp but not so fresh batch. Tried the fried soft shell crab platter which was $20+ and 80 pct of plate is French fries. Soft shell not fresh, very salty and yucky taste.  Don't eat here, much better restaurants out there. Very disappointed at wasted money.This place is absolutely delicious. The grilled oysters were out of this world good, the Jambalaya Pasta was a table favorite. The server, Tom, was probably the best waiter I have ever had. All of his recommendations, from drinks to food, were just what the doctor ordered. 
I will recommend this place to anyone who asks where to go in New Orleans.This restaurant was perfect for the crawfish boil that we were craving! We were able to sit on their second floor balcony and look down on the French quarter. The seafood was fresh and juicy. Their jambalaya was just spicy enough and was delicious. We also had some of the largest oysters we've ever had! Wish that a few more sides were offered, or that sides were given with the seafood. Overall great experienceAmazing food great service, I had the blackened red fish and it was incredible. Servers name was lacy and she was delightful and very helpful. I will deffenetly come here again and recommend it to all of my friendsLoved the food. Mallory was very friendly and helpful identifying menu items and ingredients. Great view from the upstairs balcony!  Accommodating and friendly staff. You can hear live music from the cafe across the street at times.Food is awful!!! The cup of gumbo was cold and overpriced! Found an undetermined piece of inedible object in the cup.  Blackened tuna salad was drenched with dressing which made the dish less healthy.  Bread was stale and the Arnold Palmer was distgusting.  I felt robbed.  Please do yourself a favor and find another place that really cares about its customers.  Chef Ramsey couldn't save this place!Best oysters I've ever had. The boiled jumbo shrimp are huge and delicious. The boiled crawfish are also very good. It was so good, we had to go back the next day for more! Great and friendly service as well!This place was great. It's old and the try to keep to their old traditions. So menu items are pricey but their is stuff for every price range. The potato, corn, sausage boil was delicious. (Warning it is a bit spicy) I wanted the crawfish boil but missed the season. All the other food was very flavorful! The service was great! Everyone was extremely friendly and very attentive!Their customer service is so bad at the door that it doesn't matter what the food tastes like. We had a party of 6 and were told a half an hour and after an hour we asked to be two tables. They absolutely refused to accompany us and we were even willing to be at the end of the list. They would not allow us to be two groups because we came in as one. Complete idiots. Really sad that people can be that inflexible.I didn't have much room, as I'd eaten recently, and was drinking beer
I ordered a cup of maque choux, as it's tough to find outside Louisiana
That was definitely the right choice
A generous amount of andouille, abundant amount of corn, enough pepper to make each bite burn perfectly
I regret having eaten breakfast, as I'd easily down an entire bowl of this yummy goodness
I'd missed this place all my prior visits, so I was happy to get another chance
I hope I get another chanceStarted with the chargrilled Oysters ... eh they were ok ... not as good as people had made them out to be. 
Had fried catfish and sweet potato fries for dinner. Once again, eh ok. The catfish had a semi-spicy batter on them and the sweet potatoes were kinda tasteless. I really wanted some malt vinegar for my catfish but they did not have any. 
Bartenders looked a little sketchy but the drinks were good. 
It was dead inside, when we got there at 6:30pm on a Friday, we were the only ones in the place. By the time we left, there were a handful of others in there. 
For a $125 meal for 4 people, I think there are better choices.Both the service and food were unacceptable. Some of our food was cold, the French bread that was served with my oysters tasted like it came from a grocery store and we had to wait a long time for refills and food.4-1/2 stars!! Smelled the boil from Decatur street when out and about and couldn't stop thinking about this place, went back for dinner and was seated right away, great service and the chargrilled oysters in garlic and herbs were AMAZING! 
First time trying oysters and was super happy having ordered these. Got the crab cakes for entree and sooooo good was on my list of most fave cakes ever! Would certainly go back!All I can say is get the crawfish boat or the seafood muffalatta they were great.  If you are here during a "special event" they charge you automatically 18% gratuity but do not tell you.  During our visit this actually hurt the server we were all going to give over 20% but since we were not told and found the tip ourselves that's what he got.Stumbled upon this place looking for a place with many options, including traditional Lousiana dishes. They definitely had a wide selection! It was clean, the staff was friendly, and it was a nice break from Bourbon St. Will be back!Great upstairs patio. Listen to the music below and people watch Food was delicious try the Bloody Mary!   Se vice was a bit slow or I would have scored higher hostess needs a personality waitress was friendlyEvery time we come we meet great people. The service is phenomenal and the food is just the same. Soon as you walk in the food mezmerizes you.Grits gross
Bacon gross 
Sausage gross 
The potatoes were ok 
The water was the best thing I had, don't waste your money !Been here 3 times in 2 years. Each time, I have the same waitress! Each time is better than the time before. They occasionally have a catfish ettoufee (sp?) that was out-of-this-world. If you love fried seafood, get the platter! I come here every time I am in town!!The shrimp boil at this place is nothing short of amazing and you can smell it down the street. I LOVE their boiled shrimp and this is the place I go in New Orleans when I want it.
Who orders salad in New Orleans? People from California, that's who. Their house salad is one the freshest and coldest that I've had in NOLA and it is rather large. This is also the only place that makes in house Creole Ranch, not the bottled crap. My usual order is a half pound of boiled shrimp and a house salad when I need a break from all the fried food and Gumbo and rice. 
Service can be really awful if they are slammed, you just never know what you're going to get on any given day. The food is worth it though- for me just to find a decent cold salad with house made dressing is such a huge thing to find in a city like NOLA. It's a hot humid city, sometimes you just need a cold salad and great seafood.This was our favorite place to eat!  Not only because you can smell the food from blocks away but the flavor is unmatched.  You can try all the tourist places that may be a little fancier, if you want the best tasting food in the French Quarter come to this place!!!  Best Po Boy, Red beans and Rice and Best Shrimp etouffee!  Next time we're in New Orleans we'll be back for sure!!The charbroiled oysters and boudin stuffed shrimp were amazing! The stuffed shrimp were really just 6 delicious shrimp sitting on a bed of delicious boudin...given how tasty it was it was worth overlooking their loose definition of stuffed.  The stuffed crab was also fantastic. 
Great wait staff and an employee of some sort  in the parking lot helped us make the choice since we were from out of town.Decent but not great.  Maybe deserves 3.5? The staff was friendly but not super attentive.   Food was decent, out of 7 entrees: 5 were good, one was mediocre, one was poor quality.  The location is decent, the patio is nice.  Inside was a little noisier than we wanted.  They do have decent TVs for sports.    The wait staff messed up several things but not serious and they eventually fixed them.  I would definitely say that it's not a terrible place but not the greatest we have had in the quarter.  The oysters were OK but not great.  The Jambalaya was good.  The fried shrimp decent.  PoBoys good.  Fried eggplant terrible.   Prices were average for location.I've been here about 8 times and I love it!  When crawfish are in season they are great here, nicely seasoned.  Really though all of the Cajun items on the menu are classicly good.[Edit add on] I'd like to express my gratitude for the reply. Once again showing what FANTASTIC service looks like!
________________________________________
We were a walk in off the street party of 3 and were greeted and seated right away. Our server was fantastic. He was playful and overall pleasant to have around. The patrons at his other tables also appeared to enjoy him.
We ordered the garlic and herb oysters, which were very flavorful. I should note that about 1/3 of them were sandy, which can be unpleasant. One gal in our party had chicken and stated that it was quite delicious but as part was undercooked, she did not finish it. Thankfully, it was the last part, so she was already near her stopping point. She did not return it or ask for a discount, as she was already filled up.
We overheard complaints about being seated close to the prep area, and the odors from it. None of us found it offensive- we liked being able to see the food. 
There was no splitting of checks, so come prepared if need be. 
Overall, it was good but not mind blowing. I believe that I'd have looked for something in a less touristy area, ya know... had we not been starving tourists!I was walking by this place, and was instantly enticed by the boiling crabs in the window. I had to at least give this place a try. Gazing at the menu with crab still fresh in my mind, I was distracted by the grilled shrimp menu offering. So I went for it. Very glad I did. The shrimp was nicely seared yet not over cooked. It came with a side of corn and potatoes. These were also quite delicious. 
You know what makes these even better, mixing ketchup, the hot sauce at the table, and some mayo together for a dipping sauce. I truly enjoyed French Market. Priced a little high, but delicious.Shrimp boil and crawfish boil were excellent! Ate at the bar - TJ was a great server and bartender!!  Drinks are good and  strong! Atmosphere is welcoming! Highly recommend!!All I can say is WOW!  Went with a group of 9.  The wait staff were fantastic and looked after us very well through the evening.  
This place has very down-to-earth food that will knock your taste buds into next week. First, we had the brazed oysters as an appetizer, which were an incredible taste mix of oysters and cheese.  For a main, had to go with the boat of boiled crawfish--don't forget to suck out the heads for that extra flavour blast.  To top it all off, a piece of the best pecan pie ever.
Others in the group were equally impressed with their dishes.  Can't wait to come back to New Orleans to try it all over again!Disappointing experience with their New Orleans BBQ Shrimp and Grits yesterday, not to mention the Pushiest Waiter in the South. I understand the rationale for pushing menu items and continually asking how great the drinks/food are, but the line was crossed repeatedly. The Shrimp and Grits were stingy and we were amazed that we each had exactly one sliver of sausage in each serving . The sauce and grits were unremarkable, and I had a big chunk of grits in my bowl. We've eaten here before, and realize it's kind of a tourist trap, but the past experience was much better and less pushy. We won't go there again.Stoped in for the crawfish. Very good! So good came back next day for some. Today they were so small and not easy to eat after you spend time cracking them open there was no meat not sure if
This was the end of the batch or what but was disappointed from yesterday's experience. Wait staff was slow and if you are here needing to split check they do NOT do this.Unbelievable!  I would give more stars if I could!  The smell from the boil caught us earlier in the day so we came back at night!  My first time in NOLA and I have been craving this restaurant ever since I got back to Maryland!  We sat at the counter with the guys shucking oysters and they gave us the best service I have seen in a long time... I truly hope they are acknowledged as some of the most amazing, hard working guys in their bosses eyes! ( I wish I could remember their names- i just know their cousins) We ordered a lil of everything from fresh oysters, crawfish etoufee to bacon mac n' cheese and it was all absolutely delicious!!!  Please try this place out when you visit and please tip the oyster shuckers!!!Sat at the oyster bar. Only 2 seats. It was good. Great guy shucking oyster, name Will. I had Crawfish, (1 pound) and half dozen Oysters on half shell. Ate the whole pound of Crawfish and Oysters.  
Got to Go back for seconds. I would recommend this place. 
If you like a great time: Go to this place and see Will at the Oyster Bar.This place was recommended by a couple of locals so we thought it was worth a try.  What caught my eye on this menu was the Lobster Etouffee.  
We were seated on the balcony, which was awesome since it faces Decatur Street.  There was a band playing across the street so we had some nice music to listen to while there.
The 5 of us enjoyed a pound of crawfish to start with.  The server asked if we knew how to eat them and when a couple of us said no, he proceeded to take one and literally show us.  A verbal lesson would have sufficed but I guess that's how they do things there.
I inquired about the "market price" of the Lobster Etoufee only to be told that they were out of lobster!  How could that be??  I opted for the Crawfish Etoufee instead.  2 others shared my craving and the other 2 people ordered the Crabmeat Au Gratin.  The Crawfish Etoufee was loaded with crawfish with just the right amount of spices, but only a tiny portion of rice.  I had to ask for more. The Crabmeat Au Gratin was absolutely delicious though....better than the etoufee.  
White chocolate bread pudding was ordered for dessert and the ones that ate it said it was fabulous.
The food was good but their prices are HIGH.They only serve white people. We waited at the front for about 10 whole mins. The restaurant wasn't that busy and we made eye contact with quite a few workers but they still wouldn't serve us. When a waiter was next to us we thought she would confirm our existence but she completely ignored us. She was serving a table next to us but we were just curious why no one was acknowledging us. So we tapped her shoulder and she turned around furious calling us rude. She yelled at us and it ruined our entire night. Racist or not, it was still very mean of her to do what she did.uAwesome oysters on a half shell!
Crawfish was disappointing... Probably my least favorite boiled crawfish. Going to be my only time visiting that restaurant if I'm on the hunt for good crawfish.We'd been going to the French Market Restaurant since we started making a yearly trip to N'awlins back in the 90's. This was where I discovered my love of raw oysters on the half shell. Every year we'd start our trip with a spicy bloody mary and a dozen raw oysters on the balcony overlooking Decatur Street. Our yearly trips ended in 2000 (we started exploring other cities) so when we made plans for this trip we knew one of our first stops had to be the French Market Restaurant. 
The balcony is still wonderful and the spicy bloody marys are still delicious, but the oysters were not all we'd hoped they'd be. First of all they were presented on a big metal platter like a baking pan for a pizza and they varied dramatically in size.  A couple were enormous, maybe four were "regular" sized and the rest were embarrassingly small. We also had to spit out little flakes of shell several times. We had oysters every day on this trip and everywhere else they were enormous and beautifully presented. This was a big disappointment.
The rest of the meal was alright. We had the fried seafood platter. It was an enormous pile of fried oysters, shrimp, catfish, frog legs and crab on top of a piece of toast and lots of french fries and hush puppies and it also came with a side of coleslaw.  There was plenty to eat for two people. I enjoyed everything but the crab. There some odd spice that struck a wrong note for me. And it would have been nice if the coleslaw were served cold and crispy instead of room temperature and kind of flat.
The service was excellent, and overall it wasn't a -bad- dining experience ... but I would go elsewhere if the main event were raw oysters on the half shell.Very nice restaurant. We ordered a dozen oysters and Isaiah took good care of us. Ask for him and he will take good care of you.Very pleasant experience! We had lunch here on the balcony on a beautiful day with music filtering over to us from the market. Beautiful view! The staff was kind enough to move us after seating us at a table with no umbrella. The fried green tomatoes were delicious and the Bbq shrimp and grits were very tasty!!! The pecan pie had too much bourbon for my taste but if you're a bourbon fan go for it! :-)  Overall we were very pleased!!WORST SERVICE IN TOWN!  I came in for a mid afternoon snack of raw oysters, boiled crawfish, and a Dixie, all of which was very good, (note: the crawfish aren't nearly as spicy as they smell!).  The food was not an issue at all.  The hostess took several minutes to greet us even though they were NOT BUSY AT ALL.  The waitress took a good 15 minutes to bring our beers, even longer to take our order.  We had no silverware or napkins when we received our food.  In this time we watched a gentleman and his young daughter come in only to receive the same treatment.  Unfortunately the service got worse and worse during our meal.  If you're visiting, please don't give these people your money!  The food is much better and service is wonderful at Deanie's or Ralph and Kacoo!!!A-ok!  The seafood platter was extremely fried...guess that's kind of the point. But, for $24, a bit overpriced. 
The boiled crawfish gets a thumbs up. Can't really screw that one up.  Very flavorful. 
Very touristy...but that's cool. We wanted a quick dinner with no wait. So, this worked.First of all Tom was a great waiter. He was personable and funny. We had the oysters, gumbo shrimp platyer, jumbolaya, crawfish and snow crab bake. Everything was amazing. Southern and delicious without trying to hard. You can tast ever herb and spice and it isnt overwhelming at all. The snow crab doesnt wven need the butter they serve it with. The drinks are all delicious. Everyone makes you feel at home. Tom even hooked it up with a bag of dry rice for our friend who dropped thier phone in water. Absolutley amazing and hospitable. Follow your nose to this gem!!!!! 10 out of 5This "tourist trap" restaurant was a nice surprise. We started with the stuffed mushrooms that came out quickly. They were filled nicely with a seafood mixture that was seasoned correctly. I also had the soup of the day "roasted tomato, corn, shrimp" that was just slightly to salty but did wonders to my hangover. The wife had the crab cakes and I had a huge portion of shrimp creole. My dish was absolutely exactly what you expect from a shrimp creole - velvety smooth tomato sauce, succulent shrimp and perfectly done white rice. It had just the right amount of sweetness to offset the acidic tomato sauce. The crab cakes were huge and packed full of sweet lump crab meat. They were accompanied by awesome cajun potatoes. We topped the lunch off with some desert that didn't disappoint. The wife had the cheese cake that was creamy and beautifully done. I had the black cow float--- Holy Smokes=== 2 scoops of chocolate ice cream in a glass topped with coke. Unbelievable is all I can say. 
Give this place a shot!!!Really good!!! We could smell the crawfish cooking down the block and we followed our noses right into the restaurant. Our server Courtney was a doll and showed us how to eat the crawfish and made some great menu recommendations. We had a blast and really enjoyed our time here - highly recommend!!Ok so I know now I am not a fan of crawfish, thats not the fault of this place though as in general their food is great. We ordered a variety of items. Waiters were fast and friendly. Place smelled clean, tables were clean. It has a great atmosphere and is near the square, what do you want more? Its not inexpensive but hey if you go NO then what do you expect? Definitely would go back there again when I fly out.I always have a solid meal here. The etouffee is great. Oysters are pretty good too. 
The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is unmistakably New Orleans.
Try it!We had the red beans and rice and the boiled shrimp. Both were very good. The service was great. We sat at the bar and the bartender charged both our phones. They have a cool balcony also.The boiling cauldron is placed in the front window, so that passerby's  can see, smell and occasionally get splashed :) with the juices from the seafood goodness. The restaurant interior is kinda dive-y. I enjoyed my sausage, corn, potato boil. The boil juice is fantastic from all the seafood that gets cooked in there with the spices! We were trying to eat light, so we didn't sample any of the fried goodies, but others seemed satisfied.authentic NOLA cuisine. try the seafood mufaletta or the crawfish etouffee to experience true new orleans cookery. spicy, crispy, tender, surreal goodness in every bite. dont forget to wash it down with a nawlins special 'hurricane' cocktail if u enjoy sweet and strong beverages that prepare you for a wild night on the townExcellent Food & Service!
The combo platter with Red Beans, Jambalaya & Shrimp Maque Choux was delicious! My wife had a Shrimp Po Boy that was Huge! 
Definitely check it out!Solid seafood cafe in the French Quarter near Cafe du Monde with fresh crab, fish, and oysters and a very casual atmosphere.  The servers are friendly and helpful, and I was happy with my grilled oysters and etouffee.  It's not a fancy dinner restaurant but great for a quick bite.We sat on the outside patio on the second floor. I had the hush puppies and an Abita Amber Ale. Both were good. Our waiter was great. The balcony overlooks the market, so great people watching.Ate here today and absolutely loved it! Our server was Miss Tara and she was so friendly and fun. Would definitely recommended this place to anyone. The fried green tomatoes were to die for and the Cajun Bloody Mary was just perfect.I loved the casual ambiance and the food was great.   We had the boiled crawfish, boiled shrimp and ordered with sides.   The shrimp were huge.  The crawfish were fresh and you got a lot of mud bugs for the buck.Fun to experience. Boiling crawfish permeating throughout the restaurant and street. Smell was a bit to much for my wife. Nonetheless, an experience.No longer carry the muffuletta...uninspired menu otherwise. Slow service. The oyster shucker was eating crawfish at his station. He also re-fired fully cooked crawfish. I have eaten there before a few years ago & they have gone way touristy and downhill.First time here, and glad I came in, Rachael took care of us at the bar. We had the most amazing Bloody Marys with there house made infused vodka and the garnishments was what really pushed it to the next level. The oysters tasted very fresh too. Highly recommend to stop byJuju makes the best margarita in New Orleans.  Being a native, I am super selective as to where I dine and drink.  We will definitely be back!  Had a fabulous experience.  Thank you for your wonderful service Juju.The staff was very gracious to a couple of Hurricane Harvey refugees from Houston. The St. Philip tomato appetizer was outstanding! The combo po-boy is huge! Easily a meal and a half. Don't neglect the red beans or the FM grits as a side. Add an excellent Cajun Bloody Mary for a meal you'll not soon forget.so we're do I start. First it smelled so bad it made me nauseous. It was my sons rehearsal dinner. There was one  bartender for a group of 60, he had an attitude that made me want to fire his butt. I waited 20 minutes for a drink in a plastic cup! Many drinks were spilled because the tables were uneven. The menu that my son picked out and paid for was not what was served. The food was not fit to feed my dog! One of
the staff bumped into the mother of
the bride spilling hot food on her bare arm and her sweater. A glass shattered at the groomsmen table flying all over several people, myself included. This is the last place I would recommend to anyone, and never had  catered party, I happen to work in the food industry.I found a few recommendations online to visit this place for crawfish.  I was solo and sat at the bar and was served by Jessica.  Jessica was attentive and very helpful, as this was going to be my first crawfish boil.  She brought my drink made her recommendations and a boat was coming... Wasn't sure what I ordered, but it sounded good.  Needless to say, it was delicious.  Good heat, good flavor, good service.  Also finished the night off with some white chocolate bread pudding with praline something and wow, was that good.  This has been my favorite "easy" meal in all the times I've visited and will be back!Horrible crawfish.... No flavor and way over priced. Had better crawfish in Texas for half the price out d season. And our waiter never refilled our glasses.You simply cannot go wrong with choosing this place. The market shrimp are wonderful. Also, the service has always been great!Came here based on the review. The service was horrible. We waited over an hour for our food. When it did arrive the orders were not completely correct. The waitress did what she could to make it right. I guess the kitchen was really busy but overall it was a long wait. The food was good.The food is amazing . Our server Tara, is excellent. 
Made great suggestions , was very attentive to our needs. However , I ordered the shrimp / crab meat salad and while I was chewing , I had to spit it out because I found a bottle seal in my food. I notified our server , she apologized and went to speak with the food manager .  After a few minutes she returned , and asked me what happened I explained to her , however her tone was very accusatory . She told me " well I wanted to hear from you what it was because we don't have bottle covers in the back " almost like she's accusing me of purposely putting the bottle cover in my food .  Where would I get it from? It was mixed it with my salad.  She was rude. Would've given the place five stars but because of her tone , and her not apologizing I gave it four stars .  Tara is amazing.  She's amazing !!!!!!!!This place is a staple for bringing out of town friends to. They take their time...it's New Orleans...patience is required for good food as well as good manners is required for good service. The food here is delicious...fresh...oysters are well worth it. They were able to accommodate a table of 13 people and were pleasant, fun, and accommodating to our party. They also updated their menu and it's on point! Ignore the haters on yelp...I'm a local and I enjoy this spot...y'all are just cranky out of towners!Food was ok but the service was terrible. Took over an hour to get our food and we weren't even checked up on and took 20 minutes for our check. Spent two hours in here when we could have been doing other things. Probably not always like this but our experience here was bad. Also it was overpriced.Best chargrilled oysters ever! Amazing drinks. Shrimp & Crab salad was divine. Not cheap, but worth it! Will definitely return!The red beans rice and sausage was great but the Hurricanes were the best I've ever had.  Made from scratch, you can tell.  We started with chargrilled oysters, fried green tomatoes and crab cakes, all fantastic.  Our entire table was happy with everything.  I'll go back to try more new dishes.This place was absolutely wonderful! We were walking down Decatur and noticed a heavenly smell coming from here. Right next to the road you could see in the kitchen they were taking boiled shrimp, corn, potatoes, and sausage out of a pot with a vent so the pedestrians could walk by and smell it. Well needless to say, it worked.  
My boyfriend's family is from New Orleans and owns a restaurant in my home town specializing in creole cuisine. While here I wanted somewhere with a dish similar to my favorite and this place nailed it! I stuffed my face with the Chicken & Mushroom Alfredo pasta because it was one of the best dishes I had ever had. 
My mom got gumbo and boiled shrimp because they were out of the corn and sausage portions if the boiled corn, potatoes, and sausage dish (apparently the first time in a few months that it happened, and their supplier refused to come early). I tried the shrimp and it was so soft and delicate and tasty! It all tasted nice and very, very fresh! I would definitely come back. 
The only complaint is we had one server who seemed to forget about us because of a rather large party that had come in, but there was a mix up and I don't think we were technically one of his tables. But he forgot to charge the gumbo ($6) and we waited to try and correct him and he never came back. Oh well! What can you expect from a waiter who never even refilled our waters. This waiter is the only reason it wouldn't be 5 stars, but I don't wanna hurt the place's reputation cause the food was so good and the other waiters picked up his slack.We came here because it smelled so good from the street! I ordered a combo po-boy with shrimp and oysters. I thought it tasted good but it was odd how the seafood wasn't mixed on the sandwich. It was half oyster, half shrimp. I was told by a friend that's how they do it in NOLA, so I mixed it myself. The seafood was cooked and breaded nicely and the sandwich was large. The grits were ok, but I would recommend just getting the fries. Very kind serversAs a native New Orleanian, I have passed by this place probably close to 1000 times. It has never appealed to me for some reason. I have also assumed it was one of those tourist restaurants with terrible food. Well, yes, it is a tourist spot without a doubt and the prices are reflective of that. However, I was surprisingly satisfied with my food. I had the gumbo and the catfish platter. My friend enjoyed the red beans and rice with a cup of the crawfish bisque. The catfish had a delicious, light batter and was not greasy at all. The red beans were rich and creamy. I wouldn't go out of my way to return to this place but I wouldn't be against eating another meal here either. The only reason I did not give them 5 stars is because the service was a little slow and the prices were high - even for the French Quarter.French Market Restaurant isn't fancy or "fine dining" by any means so if that's what you're looking for then head elsewhere. This place is a little down and dirty so don't try to make it something it's not. However, if you just want to stuff your face with fresh boiled crawfish or shrimp then this is the place for you!
The boiled crawfish were spicy and delicious. I opted to get the boiled potato and corn as well which rounded out the perfect New Orleans meal in my opinion. My husband got the sausage with his potatoes and corn and he said it was delicious. Portions were huge so don't over-order.
Service was friendly and attentive enough. The restaurant itself is pretty dirty and the bathroom floor was so sticky I almost lost a flip-flop. Seriously. But, that being said, I had a hankering for crawfish like somethin' fierce and I left full and happy as a clam!One of my favorite seafood spots in the French quarter of New Orleans. Great food, excellent service and some the best New Orleans dishes.Juju is the best bartender in town!! Try her Cadillacs they will knock you out. Best seasoned seafood in town!If you want a knock out hurricane you MUST go to French Market Restaurant & Bar!
I'm not much of a drinker, nor can I handle very sugary drinks. Alot of restaurants who prepare a hurricanes add mixers that are super sugary. Other bars and restaurants get so carried away with the alcohol content in a hurricane that they forget its supposed to TASTE good. 
The hurricanes at French Market Restaurant are made with rich, spicey and smooth rum, and mixed with fruit juices that taste like they were taken from fruit  that was juiced-to-order. You can taste the real fruit, and the spiciness of the rum---without any cheap super sugary flavors or battery-acid crap liquor. I've never had a cocktail so refreshing---and when you're walking around the French Quarter during the summer, it's the best damn thing on earth!
The crawfish were perfectly cooked and seasoned. When we went, the crawfish were served in these really colorful boat-shaped dishes. The oysters on a half shell were juicy, slightly sweet and very fresh. Top the oysters with a bit of fresh lemon juice and you're in heaven! 
I also really appreciated the set up of the restaurant. From the window facing out to Decatur St, you can see the crawfish boiling one batch at a time. The scent of the boil floods out into the street, making it almost impossible to peek inside. The person shucking the oysters and boiling the crawfish works right infront of you in a station set up with rustic bags of fresh shellfish. What a pleasure to eat at this restaurant! I've told all my friends about it and will go back everytime I visit my beloved New Orleans!Ok, this is a bit of a tourist trap; including the prices. But we had a nice meal when we ate there. We sat at the bar, watched the Saints game, and ordered 4 or 5 appetizers so we could try several things. I liked everything we ordered, except the alligator; not a fan. Oysters and gumbo were really good. Since we sat at the bar, we had plenty of service attention, which is a must for me.
Being touristy is usually not for me but the smell of boiled seafood is enticing. I'll probably go back when crawfish season gets here.Nice location. Food was ok but expensive. Had oysters, broiled shrimp and drinks. But presentation was lacking. Had to ask for lemon and sauce for the oysters and shrimp. Service was very slow.What's to say?? The food is spectacular tje bartendar amd wait staff are very pleasant. Local craft beer. Crawdads. Shrimp. Red beans & rice and jambalaya. We were satisfied.Very nice restaurant. We ordered a dozen oysters and Isaiah took good care of us. Ask for him and he will take good care of you.Oh New Orleans! You never disappoint. Hunted down this place via Yelp and Google maps to find fresh, boiled CRAWFISH (as my best friend had never tried them). We visited at the very tail end of crawfish season, so most restaurants were so longer offering them, so we came here. We were not disappointed by any means. Piping hot, fresh, and absolutely delicious. Now on to the entrees... Po'boys! I went for an alligator sausage po'boy with red beans and rice and my best friend got the fried catfish and shrimp with fries. Everything was absolutely delicious, but the star of the whole meal... was... *drum roll* THE RED BEANS AND RICE!!!!!!!!! I am typically not the biggest fan of red beans and rice, not even something I would order... but because my best friend ordered fries, I just decided to go with something else for variety, and BEST DECISION EVER. They were so good, we ordered some to go. Then... we ordered jambalaya and the creole cheese cake to go as well. Creole cheesecake is COMPLETELY different from NY Cheesecake in both texture and flavor. It was AMAZING. Definitely a shareable dessert, its thick and very rich in flavor. Minus a half star because the server forgot I ordered fried alligator, but in her defense I forgot too, I was way too excited about my PO'boy. Minus one star for the jambalaya. It was VERY dry. BUT plus EXTRA stars for those red beans. ORDER THEM.Brenda was our server and she was great! She helped me get the courage to eat my first raw oyster. And, it was GOOD! No it was excellent. I'm from CA and shell fish there is too ocean/ sea flavored for me. Fresh water oysters are definitely the way to go. I'm a believer now. My sister and I did not want to commit to entrees so we went with appies and shared. I ordered the chargrilled oysters and was impressed.  Almost as good as ACME. And for those complaining about dipping sauces, they do have some. You just need to ask. Definitely try the cajun ranch for dipping everything in. A must have condiment. The onion rings are great and flavored with black pepper in the batter. The crab stuffed mushrooms are very good too. Not mushy like shrooms can be when stuffed. Lots of buttery goodness on the plate to soak up!I was really disappointed on a recent visit.  Our first visit during crawfish season was phenomenal; the boil was the best I have tasted.  This last visit in July 2007, of course wasnt during crawfish season & the shrimp salad I got had a LOT to be desired; mostly fresh tasting shrimp.  The staff is always very chatty & good, but the quality of the food was missing.  I hope to return again during a month ending with 'r' to determine if the crawfish has gone down hill too.  Finally, I wish they would give the place a good clean; esp the restrooms.I did not like my catfish poboy, but the fried green tomatoes were OK and my girlfriend really enjoyed her oyster poboy. They didn't put any mayo on the sandwich as advertised and our waitress disappeared & by the time we could ask for it we were almost finished. It looks like they did a good crawfish boil.It's nearby Jackson Square, the river, and Cafe du Monde.
I ordered the Alligator Sausage appetizer, and the Gumbo.
The Alligator and Remoulade sauce were tasty.  it was well seasoned.  The portion was a bit small for the $10 price.
The Gumbo is a skip.  It's taste was lackluster.  I would have preferred it with Alligator sausage, rather than Andouille.  It was $5 for a cup, and $10 for a bowl.
The server was super cute and animated.  Some of my party members said she seemed slightly rude, initially, though.  
They also had great, live, jazz music, as well.Service was really slow. But the gumbo was good! The strawberry daiquiri was horrible. The chicken wings where awesome. 
Overall the environment was great right in the middle on the French area.Things that are very excellent here:
1. Crawfish
2. Corn
3. Shrimp
4. Oysters
5. Potatoes
6. Sausage
It's different from crawfish at Acme cuz these are spicy. The prices are extremely reasonable and if you sit at the bar, THEY HOOK YOU UP! 
See you guys next year!The grilled garlic-aioli oysters are superb and we even went back to have them a second time. The boils were fantastic as well.Our favorite place in NOLA. Everything is delicious. Service is great. Prices good. Clean and lovely dinning area.My husband and I ate here after we got married in New Orleans six year ago and went back on this trip.  
The food was ok, but not as good as I remembered. Certainly not worth the inflated prices in the Quarter. 
If everywhere else is busy, its an okay place to eat.We had a great time here.  The crawfish were awesome as were the oysters.
Yes it was a bit on the grungy side however you can recognize that from the street. If you're looking for jacket & tie dining there are other places.
None the less, all in my party had plenty of good food with nary a complaint.  We even came back a second visit for lunch just to have more crawfish.
The bartender even made ginger ale for me.Came here because the boyfriend wanted some crawfish. We started out with the garlic seasoned oysters. He got a boat of crawfish, some potatoes/sausage/corn, and a cup of gumbo. I ordered the crab cakes and a virgin Louisiana lemonade.
Oysters- normally I'm not an oyster person at all, but boy were these ones good. The flavor was on point, and I loved how it wasn't fishy whatsoever. 
The crawfish was pretty good, but a tad too salty. 
The corn, sausage, and potatoes were WAY too salty omg. I literally could not eat it without cringing. DO NOT ORDER!
My crab cakes were awful - too much breading, not enough crab. You can get much better ones at the restaurant Desire. 
Gumbo- a little on the fishy side imo. Didn't enjoy. 
The crawfish bisque looked tastier in pics...
All in all, this place is just alright and not amazing. I probably won't be back, but it was nice to try out at least once.oNice balcony view, otherwise nothing outstanding, decent gumbo, BBQ shrimp had a ton of butter but very little sauce.  I understand fat is good to help bring out some of the aromatics and flavors, but you still need some wet components to complete the profile of the dish, besides I want to dip the bread in a buttery sauce not just melted butter.  Not bad, but can be much better.Just had a great dinner at the bar - if you order anything out of the boil pot you cannot go wrong! Casual scene with a good atmosphere with really good food.
Enjoy the Cajun deliciousnessWow. Called this place for 3 weeks, left messages to get my party of 9 (bachelorette party) in. I had 3+ people tell me "oh y'all will be okay you will not need a reservation, we always have a short wait" only to arrive and have 1 hour+ wait. Unacceptable. I was so excited for crawfish and more! I will never come to this place again. I would rather have someone be honest and upfront with information like you will have to wait etc.The food was very disapointing. The building is interesting, waiter friendly. Tons of better places close by.This place used to be incredible. Maybe they are management or something. The last I went there it started with the waitress giving me attitude when I wanted a different table. Then the food...I ate grilled oysters and got so sick that I had to go to Urgent care the next day a got 2 bags if IV fluid because I was so dehydrated. Will never go there again.You ever been on vacation where you walk for so long that you end up SO HUNGRY that you go some place that you know isn't gonna be the best?  Well, that's how we ended up at the French Market, but all told it wasn't half bad.
The place could use a good scrub, but so could 90% of New Orleans.  It's also expensive.  When I got inside if I hadn't been headed for a coma from low blood sugar I would probably have left.  $9.95 for a muffuletta is a bit much.
However, the service was superb, the beer was cold, and the muffuletta's were pretty damn good.  So all told it ain't perfect, but I've done a heck of a lot worse.My boyfriend and I had a really great experience here! We  got a table within five minutes. And server was very good and quick. I ordered the jambalaya while my boyfriend ordered crawfish! The jambalaya was very,very good. And  the crawfish had a very good flavor. And it was very reasonably priced! We were expecting a half pound of crawfish to be way more expensive then it was! So that was a pleasant surprise! Also, after your meal, you have to have the white chocolate bread pudding! It was amazing.Great meal!! Highly recommend!! It doesn't look like much, but the food and service were terrific!!! We got lucky and beat the crowd around 6:30. The char-grilled oysters were delicious. They have a mayo based sauce on top I picked off, but my husband liked it. (I don't like mayo.)
We ordered the crab and shrimp pot with sausage corn and potatoes. Everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly. 
We sat at the bar and our waitress Jessica was friendly and attentive!! Definitely try it! We would go back on our next visit!Fantastic! I had the platter and everything was cooked to perfection! The red beans and rice and jambalaya were excellent. A little on the pricy side, but worth it!The food here was amazing. The staff was friendly and professional. I would def come back here. You must try the crawfish boil and the parm baked oysters. Amazing!I was drawn in by the smell of the spices from the crawfish being cooked in the front of this place. I loved the fried oysters and I went back for seconds the last day of my visit. I love the friendly and sassy bartenders that work there. I always like to eat at the bars at local places. I like a side of attitude with great food. :-) Keeps things interesting. My mouth is still watering from those oysters. They are seriously that good. Don't be shy or cute...... Order the full order of a dozen. You won't regret it.Hands down best crawfish bisque in the French quarter!! We just stopped for raw oysters and had a pleasant experience. Sat at the oyster bar and ordered a beer. The servers were very upbeat and engaging. We ordered the bisque and devoured it! We asked about crawfish, not having tried it before, and the server even offered us a sample! Needless to say we left with smiles on our face!First night in New Orleans and boy did I pick an AMAZING PLACE!! Would give it 7 stars if I couldThe hot boiled corn, sausage and potato combination is pretty good. The herb aioli grilled oysters are the best ones eaten in New Orleans. As to us , they were better than ACME oyster house's. We ate twice. But it's regret that the hot boiled crawfish were not available at this time. It should be available after Dec.We sat out on the balcony and got the crawfish boil. Got instructions on how to properly eat the crawfish.Food and the service were great. Had a great time watching the crowds down below.This place has a lot of tradition and history, the location reflects that.
Our Waiter was very accommodating as we were most likely not their typical diners.  My kids and I decided during our time in the Big Easy, we were going to attempt to sample the local cuisine as much as possible.  So we all ordered the various platters and asked for several extra plates.  He looked at us a bit weird and once I explained what we were doing, he smiled and said that's a great idea.  
Everything we ordered was terrific, but the Jambalya and the Shrimp Maque Choux really stand out in my mind when I think back to our mid morning lunch.The lunch was great but the dessert was better. My husband and I had the bread pudding and cheesecake. Both were amazing and we actually started mixing bites of both making it even better!My absolutely favorite when I am in town! I was lucky enough to visit in Mid march during the crawfish festival weekend. It was the perfect sunny day, we got to sit on the balcony and eat crawfish by the boat. The service is great, the restaurant is simple, but the food quality is outstanding. Everything I'm in NOLA I stopped by once. I truly recommend this place, well located on such a beautiful spot of Decatur!Overpriced tourist trap. Food was ok. The highlight would be the oysters. You can get much better food for the price elsewhere in NOLA.
Service wasn't very good either. They acted like it was an inconvenience to wait on us. We asked a few simple questions about the menu and for recommendations, and the server was annoyed with us.Horrible!  To call this place a Cajun/Creole restaurant is like calling Captain D's gourmet!
Horrible Oysters Rockefeller, frozen spinach straight out of a box, with no seasonings AT ALL!  Might as well been eating raw collards!
Creole oysters had grit all in them, gumbo, mediocre at best!
I would NOT recommend this restaurant at all!This place does it well with the crawfish boil in the window. The smell was enticing, so I had to come in.  The restaurant itself isn't fancy, but they have a lot of room and a balcony with a great view of the quarter!!!! For being a packed restaurant in the the quarter the service was amazing. The waitress (I forgot her name) was very hospitable and made sure I was having a great experience. The food was very touristy but still had a great flavor. All in all I would recommend this place to eat in the French Quarter!!!