Ordered the crawfish marigny...needs more flavor. At least some salt and black pepper. Drinks were good though.The gumbo was really good, with some blues music to maintain a easy attitude.  Great place to have a drink or twoJust a great place to go. Food was very good both times we went there. Camille was a great waitress and the band was a lot of fun. This place is a great find and was not very hard to get a table.The bbq shrimp with grits are amazing. The hamburger is huge and great! Server is super nice. Live jazz music is great. Truffle fries are mouth wateringMarigny Brasserie Unsanitary Practice
We were regulars here until wife got ill immediately after a burger.  
We ignored this at first, until I noticed very unsanitary practices on a subsequent visit.
I e-mailled the manager, describing exactly what I had witnessed; but no response.
We have quit going here and suggest others be very careful, too.
This is a shame, as this was otherwise a very good place.
I am not a "clean freak"; but am a physician.  
What I witnessed was terribly unsanitary, too.  Not just something minor.
I sincerely hope that this will be corrected soon.  As I told the manager, we would like to be able go back to this place with some confidence.Absolutely fabulous! The host was so extremely helpful and polite. We were there for halloween and no one was stressed. The gumbo was fabulous and nice and spicy, the atmosphere was classy but well decorated for halloween. The band was great, the temperature with doors open was very nice. We had the burger, regular burger. Couldn't even fit the darn thing in my mouth it was so big. Loved the big fat tomato on there as well! Loved it, would go back in a heartbeat!!Honestly, one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to. I am from New Orleans and this restaurant is a weak attempt of new orleans food. Service was not bad but everything I had was meek  or bad.  The service was not bad . The waitress was very kind. The bathroom was awfully dirty. DISGUSTING. 
Oysters were served room temperature borderline hot. 
Even after the voucher, we still paid $60. Incredibly overpriced for such bad food. It really seemed like it was someone from out of town trying to be a hip nola restaurant on frenchmen. Maybe if you didn't know any better (aka not from new orleans) you would like the food was good. My advice for locals and anyone really is Don't try this place.We went for lunch.  Do not get the frog legs.  Unfortunately, the chef covered the frog legs in a THICK, GREASY batter.  We were not able to find any meat on the frog legs underneath the batter.
The gumbo was decent, not the best ever, but a nice collection of spices.  If I have to eat here again, this is what I would order.Food OK but priced a little high for the quality. Worst part was the SERVICE!  And honestly don't think it was the fault of the wait staff...they were obviously working their butts off to keep up with a less than full house.... bussing, serving, waiting tables, etc. The hostess had to bring us a cocktail after waiting 15 minutes for it... management of this establishment needs to get organized and hire more staff.Service sucks, 30 minutes with no waiter or drink. We were asked to tip the band (which we did) but then we left without being served anything.Horrible. Greasy overdone steak.  Bugs on plates.  Slow service.  Nothing redeeming about this place.I am not quite sure why this place is considered inconsistent. We had two of the best meals in New Orleans here, almost two weeks apart. The meals were nearly perfect, wonderful fresh salads, crabcakes and fantastic well-priced libations. When drinks in Los Angeles are $10-12, $7 is a bargain.
Service was very good, which we find always a huge notch above the service in Los Angeles. There aren't a bunch of waiter/actors in NOLA.
Since we were staying nearby, it was a nice walk and we were not rushed through our meals, making both meals extremely pleasant and relaxing. The atmosphere is quiet and relaxing, in the off times when there is no live music.
We will visit this place the next time we are in New Orleans.Fun atmosphere with a live band. Just stopped in for an appetizer and drinks not disappointed and would definitely recommend if you're close by.This place has so much potential, but we had a really mixed experience.
Great atmosphere. Great neighborhood with some neat jazz bars a couple doors down.
Service was bad--we had a large group, and our single waiter didn't handle it well.
The drinks were good. I had a pisco sour that was mixed as a martini. Possibly sacriligious to drink it this way, but I liked it.
The food was disappointingly hit/miss. The spring salad was bland. The escargot was creative and tasty. The pork cheeks were awesome. We ordered the crawfish ravioli based on Yelp reviewers, but it was BAD. It was waaaay too salty. I get that we're in NoLa, but it was twice as salty as my pork cheeks and borderline unedible. That was just typical of our meal.
Great potential, but just not a thoroughly good experience. Worth a try, but have guarded expectations.Our first meal on our first night in NOLA. She had the fish special (some sort of Gulf fish?) and I had the crawfish pasta. All well prepared and served with excellent service. A restaurant we'd happily go back to.We chose this restaurant because we wanted to see live music while we ate. I was a bit disappointed to be seated in a room where I could hear, but not see, the singer/guitar player. (There were only barstool-height tables in the stage area, no unoccupied regular tables.) The gumbo was excellent and our server was warm and hospitable--which I find is pretty much the norm in New Orleans. Folks seem to glad you're there! Keep the good times rolling!!Friendly service and pretty good food. My favorite part of the meal was my cocktail, Momma's Moonshine, yum. They also had live music while we ate. I'd definitely come back for drinksI really really enjoyed everything about this. The band playing was great, the atmosphere was fun and the restaurant was clean. I had the roast beef po'boy with mashed potatoes based on our waitress's recommendation. It was phenomenal! Super tender roast beef with crispy bread. My dining mate had the red beans and rice which was also phenomenal. 
Our waitress was great and super friendly. The atmosphere is great and overall the best place on Frenchmen Street. The bathrooms were very clean also. If there was more room in my stomach I would have tried dessert!This place is not your typical New Orleans bar. In fact, it's mainly a restaurant. But that didn't change anything. The music, on this night played by the fantastic Shotgun Jazz Band, was perfect accompanying the great cocktails prepared here. Cucumber Collins, the housemade bread pudding, and great jazz music = a successful evening.
Highly recommend enjoying an evening at Marigny Brasserie.Just stopped in for a few brews while on vacation. They have a huge screen projector to watch games on, however, the seating wasn't ideal for hanging out. Go there to eat (no idea how the food is)...it was packed when we went.Still delicious this time had the BBQ shrimp and grits. The greens served with this are BRILLIANT! The shrimp were cooked to perfection and the sauce was a smoky, rich reduction type that was very good. He had the trio and said it was awesome , this I now on my "must visit" list in NOLAI had been to NOLA two times before this trip and wanted to try something off the beaten path. I searched and came across this restaurant. Another plus was it was on  Frenchmen street, where the locals flock to to hear live music and no cover at most places.
The menu prices were reasonable and the food tasted like home cookin! For dinner I ordered the grilled andouille sausage and red beans with rice. They were out of the collard greens, as the crowds from Mardi Gras goobled them up the day before! I ended up getting the grilled green beans with a garlic butter sauce, it was a $15 plate, but was amazing!!! My boyfriend ordered the grilled gator and andouille sausage with fresh grilled veggies and the same grilled green beans. His plate was a $15 meal as well, but he loved it!!
Our server was very nice and made a few suggestions and even told us a bit about the neighborhood and restaurant. He even recommended a few places to visit we had not visited on our previous trips.
The only downside to the restaurant is that we choose to walk from our hotel on Poydras and Camp. It was a bit far, but do-able, as we walked straight down Bourbon St. We enjoyed this restaurant and will mark this on our places to visit again!Great music ! However food is good , expensive and overall not worth it ! 
Enjoyed the music ! But eating was very expensive .Walked in on a Monday night looking for some live music and Marigny didn't disappoint. Abby the bartender was awesome! Try a Southern Bella or a Mojito. The huge chicken quesadilla and crawfish fritters were delicious. Jon Roniger and the Good for Nothin' Band played cool original music. I will definitely come back the next time I'm in NOLA.The service was horrible, very slow and nom attentive.  Food was ok at best. Music very loud made it impossible to have conversation at table. I would not recommned.I've had fantastic and just mediocre experiences here, so I'm giving it three stars as an average.
Ive had food here that was delicious, rich, full of flavor, and well cooked. The bad experience (blah food) happened on Halloween night, so perhaps they were just overwhelmed with the crowds? Still, it was enough to disappoint.
Great cocktails. If you wander in from the street, it's a nice place to have a stiff drink and sit in air conditioned comfort.Great place tucked away in the French Quarter. Good service and great live music. Everyone was so friendly. The blackened redfish is a must.This place is my absolute favorite in the city. I ate here when I was visiting and now since moving here I eat here all the time. Their food is amazing at such a great price. I am a huge fan of their sandwiches I have tried them all, the roast beef poboys and the wild boar are the best. The gumbo is the absolute best in the city, I have tried to imitate the recipe but there is something special about it. The oyster shooters are also so good, although I hate paying 9$ for them they are worth it. Fried pickles are also great. 
Be careful what night you go. They usually have live music on the weekends and it is so loud you can't have a conversation or even hear yourself think. Most of the times I have been there I've had the same waitress. She always seems like she's in a bad mood or doesn't want to be there and I constantly have to ask for water and silverware but besides that this restaurant is epic!Nice atmosphere n scenery but food not so well.
Ordered an app that was burned in old grease n had to be remade so it took twice as long to come out . 
Entree finally came out pasta was bland n my steak was medium rare when I wanted medium well , YUCK 
And note we are the only guest n we've been here for almost an hr and I still haven't gotten my food corrected . Waiting on a simple burger now since they couldn't correct my steak . 
No recommendations from me1st and most importantly we enjoyed our brunch and the buttered rum coffee.
Came in for brunch and were promptly seated and received great service. It did appear though soon that the front of the house was understaffed. With seats remaining they began turning people away, lots of people, while still having the capacity to take them. Our server became more unavailable as she was trying to keep the place together. Bouncing between all the tables, the kitchen, and rejecting confused groups of elderly people. Then I see the chef come out and start rejecting people at the door saying the kitchen was way backed up and they couldn't seat any more people. If the kitchen is backed up shouldn't the chef be in the kitchen? I don't know what was going on, a bit bazaar but other than taking a while to get our check to leave I am not dissatisfied.My service was great! My food was great. Not really sure what everyone is complaining about. Huge portions and definitely the best wings I have ever had. I live around the corner and will definitely go back!Friendly service, loud jazz, good drinks, and a fast kitchen.
We really enjoyed our first night meal here. The drinks were nice, well made and not too expensive ($7 to $9). The Southern Bella was like a sweeter Manhattan. The Sazerac was clasically made. 
We had the fried green tomatoes, and the remoulade was creamy and spicy. Our friends had the Oyster Shooters and loved them. 
The food came so quickly, which was great, since we were very hungry!  The red beans and rice was very nice, the blackened redfish was was excellent, and our friends enjoyed the seafood platter. 
This was a good choice for dinner!This restaurant located on Frenchmen Street gets rave reviews for the food, drink and live music, but the waitress left a lot to be desired. She talked way to fast, was inattentive due to the fact that she was managing tables inside and out and she got flustered way too easily. If it weren't for the food and music I don't know that I would go back.Stumbled upon this little gem while trying to find sustenance & libations away from the crowds at French Quarter Fest. This place offered a Cool vibe, great drinks & savory meals. We started with Lavendar Champagne & Fried Pickles then opted to split the Frenchman Poor Boy with homemade real potato fries & a cup of Louisiana Gumbo. Great venue with live music & chill atmosphere and yummy food!This is probably the most upscale looking place on Frenchmen Street. We had lunch here. The food was OK, not outstanding. Pleasant enough but when you can pay just as much for lunch a Commander's Palace and have 25 cent martinis at the same time...
Probably a better place to grab brunch with friends in the neighborhood or to stop and have dinner on the way to listening to some music at Snug Harbor in the same block.Wanted to like this spot but I was unimpressed. Came with a group of 8 for brunch, so yes, we were a big group, but service was suuuuuper slow, and food was only ok. In a neighborhood with so many gems, this is a spot to skip.
The good:
- My cucumber basil lemonade was delicious. We tried a few other cocktails on the menu, and everyone liked what they ordered.
- Good appetizers. Spinach artichoke dip was good, as were the chicken wings and fried tomatoes.
- People at our table ordered and liked shrimp & grits and crawfish 1/2 and 1/2.
The bad: 
- Service was insanely slow. It took 15 minutes for our drinks to arrive, another half an hour for our appetizers, and another half an hour for our entrees to arrive. I like a relaxed dining experience but I wanted to spend my day seeing things other than the inside of that restaurant.
- Pulled pork sandwich was awful. Bread was dry, hardly any pork. Do not recommend at all.Music is great, but it's really hard to hear anyone at the dinner table. I would highly suggest just going there to hear the music and drink, especially since the food is pretty bad. Nothing we ordered was good. The fries tasted like something you'd get at the fair or your high school football game. The shrimp and grits was dry and pretty tasteless. The basil lemonade is so sweet that it's difficult to drink. 
But the area is amazing. Frenchmen Street is seriously the best area in New Orleans. At every bar, you will see and hear some of the best jazz, blues, and brass bands. It's a funky, artistic street with tons of music, but not much in the food department....had the Sazerac. Super strong. Not the usual nuances I associate with this cocktail.  Fries.  Sorta cold ...not many.**FOOD POISONING**
**RUDE MANAGMENT**
First, one friend received warm oysters that nearly made her vomit. The waiter took them away while she rejected anything more. Another friend ordered a shrimp etouffee. Before we even left the restaurant he was vomiting and having vile bowl movements as his face turned completely red with hives. The young man claiming to be management refused to apologize, take any credit for poisoning my friends, or reduce anything more than a marginal amount of 7 dollars off a 60+ dollar bill. Out of frustration I did not leave a tip. To my delight I found out a week later that my debit card had been charged a 50% tip anyway. 
Please never go here. There is no reason to support such a lousy establishment.We had a great time here for dinner. The boudin ball appetizers were delicious, and the red fish platter was on point too. Service was great!Great food, great music, great drinks. Chef came out to check in and make sure we liked the food - was happy we did. Nice place to start your evening or stay the whole night.Walked in on a Monday evening looking for some live music. Bartender Abby was the best!!! Have a Southern Bella or Mojito, you won't be disappointed. Jon Roniger and the Good for Nothing Band was awesome! Great place!We were very happy here! Fried green tomatoes were excellent. Drinks - great! My husband had the pork belly and it was fantastic - great flavor. I had the steak frites and it was the best I have had in NOLA. Will be sure to visit again!Best is their happy hours till 7:30 pm house Vodka is Svedka.... Conversation with neighborhood folk makes it comfortable.
had a local fish, daily special, for lunch on a separate day --a tad salty, noticeably over done. one thing going for them, they have been around a long time.  i first went back in 2005.We were on Frenchmen and we were hungry. Our usual haunts were packed. Marigny Brasserie was right on the corner and we decided to check it out. One band was leaving the stage by the bar while another band began to setup shop. The hostess was sweet and said the wait was 45 minutes but considering the waits were longer everywhere else, we decided to stick it out.
Finally a table opened up by the bar. We grabbed it and waited 10 minutes until a waiter finally noticed us but whatever, it was fine. I went with the red beans and rice, even though it wasn't a Monday and I wasn't doing laundry (if you know the history of this dish, you'll understand why I brought this up in my review). My boyfriend went with the roast beef po'boy. My dish was delicious with meat that literally melted in your mouth from sitting in the beans all day cooking. My boyfriend loved his po'boy and now we understand why their fries are so well-known.
Prices were fair and neither of us could finish our dishes so you do get a lot of food. Live music isn't bad. In-between bands they had a solid mix of 90s alt. rock playing which I was singing along to (no shame).I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience. The atmosphere was Bohemian. It reminded me a bit of San Fran actually. 
Try the Key Lime Martini!Had a big group of friends in town the week before Mardi Gras.  They wanted a late lunch and we were walking around looking for some place to eat.  I ate here years ago when I think it had another name.
Anyway, I did not eat but the other 7 people in my group did.  They had appetizers, entrees and desserts.  Everyone hated it.  
Unfortunately, I picked the place so I had to hear about it the rest of their trip.  Worst meal of their entire trip (this includes Clover Cafe at 5 am...).The drinks are good here, but the staff is not. Went here recently in the afternoon and it took forever to get a glass of water then forever again to get the actual drink order. The restaurant was not busy, the bar was not busy, but the bartender said she was "slammed". If 5 customers means they are slammed I would really hate to be there when it's actually busy because I would probably never get my drink!  I've tried this place more than once and been disappointed each time. There are way too many good restaurants and bars in this city to waste time on ones you know are poor, and that's really too bad because the drinks we got were good. Because of the poor service I would recommend skip this one and go anywhere else on Frenchmen st!What a great place! The waiters are super friendly and the customer service is really great. My steak was too fat and they instantly replaced it. Quality of the food is excellent, live music and not expensive at all:)I was pretty excited about returning here, since I've dined here a few times and was very pleased. That being said, that was a couple years ago when Miles Prescott was the executive chef. Since then, they've had several major menu changes.
Atmosphere
My date and I sat in the bar area at one of the tables with comfy chairs. Very comfy, but the big screen TV was kind of distracting. Ruthie's bar seems really great for a drink and a couple of dishes before heading outside to Frenchmen street to explore the jazz scene. It was busy, so it was pretty noisy, but not irritating. 
Service: 
Our waitress was very friendly with a great personality - spunky and fun. I had trouble deciding what I wanted, but she was patient and checked back frequently. Water was never empty :)
Food:
This is the disappointing part. I was sad they no longer offered the jalapeno cornbread. Really? That was awesome. Please bring it back! We started with the Louisiana Crawfish cakes, which were decent and yummy. 2 decently-sized cakes with remoulade on top served with cafeteria-style chopped lettuce and tomato? Ok...
I had the Veal Fettuccini Alfredo and asked for it with penne instead of fettucini, because it's a date... I need easy-to-eat food! The substitution didn't happen, and the veal was fried and greasy with a typical alfredo sauce.
My date ordered the Garlic Shrimp and Crawfish Penne - and they weren't lying with garlic! The party a table or two over could probably smell it, but the flavor wasn't overwhelming. Now that I think about it, it was a little fishy.
We didn't try the house specials. It looked pretty typical, and we were really craving Italian pastas. 
Drinks:
We love our reds! They have recognizable "safe" wines here; I recognized a lot of the brand-names like Kendall Jackson and such. We thought about ordering a Ruffino Chianti ($23), but chose the Tempernillo ($19) instead, and it was decently priced and delicious. I ordered a Coco Chanel (like a coconut-vodka martini), and that was very sweet and very coconut forward, which is exactly what my preference was that night. Looking over the cocktail menu I saw some classics and classics with twists - definitely thought out and looked delicious. 
All-in-all, this might as well be an Olive Garden with local seafood. Not stellar, not terrible, but I'll go somewhere else next date night, especially since it was pretty pricey and we didn't even get coffee or dessert. 
Fantastic staff!
Diversified cocktail menu
Acceptable wine list
Chain-quality food at 4-5-star prices
You can get a meal twice this quality somewhere else. 
Also, why would you keep the picture of the crawfish ravioli on your website if you no longer serve it? Broke my heart. This place needs an update. I am anxious to try the breakfast, though. Maybe that will be a different experience.Walking from Bourbon Street towards Frenchmen St corridor, this was the first bar we ran into. Decided to check it out real quick, end up just chilling outside talking and drinking some beer. 
Beer prices are your average New Orleans prices. Not too expensive. 
It wasn't too packed inside on a Saturday night, but it didn't matter anyway since we hung out outside people watching. 
No live music when I was there, but you could still hear some jazz playing over the loudspeakers. The waitress was okay. Didn't give us any attention more than she had to. 
Meh. I don't mind coming back, especially since there's actually no cover charge to get in.love the jazzie music! our waiter was so professional and knew his stuff!  (sorry think his name was Lawrence or Charles??) in any event he suggested mamas moonshine..yum! the po-boy had fried green tomatoes..fabulous!Friendly staff, decent selection of draft beers, TVs for college football while a little smooth jazz plays in the background.Truthfully I thought the food was ok. We had the fritters, gumbo, and fried pickles.
The fritters themselves were good, but the sauce was so heavy and overpowering. The gumbo was honestly me just not loving gumbo. The fried pickles were my husband's thing, he loves them lol.
The staff was the winner. They were so super friendly. Abby and I believe it was the owner were so nice and took great care of us.UM. $3 bloody marys and mimosas? Where have you been my entire life?
Big Red was our server and we LOVED her! She was so friendly and definitely did not hesitate to ask if we wanted a drink to go after our brunch!
For food, we ordered the fried green tomatoes, crawfish omelette with cheese grits and a side of sweet potato mash. The fried green tomatoes were good but fell short of my expectations. The crust of the tomatoes fell off as we were trying to cut it so it was almost like eating tomatoes and fried skin. I also saw some red tomatoes!! Blasphemy. It was drenched with a mustard/horseradish sauce that was a little too much for me.
The omelette was kinda watery on the inside and did not have that many pieces of crawfish. The cheese grits were good but too heavy and creamy for me. So different from the grits we had the prior day from Cafe Amelie.
The sweet potato mash was heavily flavored with cinnamon, would have been much better if they went with a bit less cinnamon.
Overall I didn't think the food was awful, just wasn't as good as everything else we had in New Orleans. The redeeming factors are their cheap/good drinks, the great wait staff, and a good view for people watching.Based on a recommendation for the live music here, we stopped in to also grab a bite and a drink.  And all were good.  Although we were seated where we couldn't see the musicians, we could hear them well and enjoyed their work.
The brasserie is a spacious, modern space with tables, booths, and bar seats.  Our server was friendly and helpful.  Service was a little slow at times, presumably because the place was pretty packed.
They have a nice selection of beers, as well as a full bar for all the cocktail and liquor fans out there.
The food menu is fairly extensive and provided a lot of appealing options.  Prices are reasonable.  Both the fried oyster tacos and the blackened fish that we tried were fresh and tasty.My family came to visit me in NOLA and this was our favorite dining experience of the 6-day eating tour. We loved the unique flavors, and our server was incredibly friendly and added to the experience. He told us that within the past 3 months there has been a complete re-haul of the restaurant's menu.  I can't speak for what it was like before, but I will be going back now!I came to New Orleans with my girlfriend and our good friend during our Spring Break in 2016. We stopped at this place since they had a happy hour and the place seemed empty. We sat at the bar and ordered different drinks - The Sazerac, Mama's Moonshine and Cucumber Cosmo. All of the drinks were really delicious and got me my evening buzz. We ordered another couple  round and really enjoying chatting with the bar tender. She was very friendly, and gave us good suggestions for places to eat and drink later in the night. I am usually not very talkative, but she made us all welcomed and comfortable. It is hard to come by places like these, but they are old school here. There was also two old guys playing music live. We also had a chance to talk and exchange some stories. It was a very unique experience getting to talk to locals and here about the city from their points of view. This was an awesome place and one should stop by if you ever want to hang out and talk to new people. The delicious drinks will always help.We stopped in here to get a glass of wine one night while walking around the Frenchman area. It was quiet and there were open tables so we went in.
Wine was fine, price average, the service just a tad slow but nothing to complain about. We went in late so the kitchen was closed and we did not get to try the food though I would go back to try that in the future.We had dinner at the brasserie and there was a really good band playing called ( Vegas Cola band ) the music really gave the place life energizing the crowd .
A few things to try from the menu the strawberry walnut salad , fried pickles and crawfish fritters
We will definitely be back .UPDATE:
I gave sitting outside at the front another go today and I should have stuck to my advice in my initial review, because it wasn't good. The waitress wasn't familiar with the menu and inevitably their were some minor mix ups because of it. 
 Worse yet were the pekid, wilted sprouts and the rotten avocados on my sandwich and the unmelted cheese on the grilled cheese that we ordered (they took one of the sandwiches of the bill). 
It used to be that regardless of the service, you could count on the food to be decent, but with my most recent experiences, I've got to remove this from my lists of recommended places.We went there twice! 
The food was fantastic. Gumbo and oyster poboy on BLT with Blackberry Mojito. Good music and wonderful staff. When I recall what wad best about New Orleans, it is at the top of my list. 
The area around it is also much less glitzy and fast. Good music and 'real' art, close to the Mississippi and the streetcar.Appetizers: 
Fried Green Tomatoes
Crawfish Cakes
Fried Eggplant Bites
Entrees:
Hamburger Steak
Fried Chicken
Tomato and Basil Pasta
Side - Mac n Cheese
My coworkers and I decided to try out a new restaurant that none of us had ever been too. It was the best idea EVER!! I've passed up this place on the way to Snug Harbor all the time. I've noticed it but the front just looks like a small bar/cafe .. who knew there was a whole seated restaurant once you get passed all that. The food was incredible, the waitress was amazing, and the atmosphere was great!!!So here it is 3+ years later.  Party of 4 stopped in on a whim for lunch on Mardi Gras weekend.  
The dining room still presents itself well.  
Service was friendly but stretched.  The wait staff seemed to be hustling, but just too much ground to cover.  It was slow getting anyone's attention and slow getting drinks - hardly the recipe for success anytime. Given that maybe 1/4 of the seats were occupied during Mardi Gras, it's hard to understand.    
Not impressed with the crossed out drink section in the menu.  Maybe this was a last minute bar crisis, but it looked like it had been that way for a while.  
Food was a disappointment.  We were informed after ordering that the kitchen was out of pork.  Out of the main ingredient that shows up in 20% of the menu offerings at noon?  How does that happen?  The other entrees were no more than average.  Way too much mayo on the Turkey/Ham Marigny #1, the vegetarian hamburger had little taste and what taste there was would not compare favorably with a freezer burned bean burrito.  The Marigny burger was ok, nothing special, overcooked.  The sides were good - Mac and Cheese, Sweet Potato and hand cut fries.  
There was a billing error that the staff did handle in a professional manner.
Great location, good dining environment but until they get the service and kitchen back on track, there are too many other good choices to bother eating here.  Time for a restaurant rescue?Awful. I took my husband because it was very good several years ago. The menu was lacking, food was terrible.  The only positives, server was good and nice and the atmosphere is not bad. Waste of money in a town with so much good food. Will not go back!Great vegan burritos and awesome service. Will come back. Decent prices.Came here for dinner.  We had the BBQ shrimp for appetizer, pork special & seafood platter as entrees, & crème brulee for dessert.
Food - 5 stars out of 5.  Awesome! Yummy!  Perfect!
Service - 10 stars out of 5.  Our waitress, Roseanne, anticipated our every need before we even realized it.  She came back to our table 3 times at the proper moments to see if we were ok and if we needed anything else. BEST SERVICE EVER of all the restaurants we tried in NOLA. 
Cleanliness - 5 stars out of 5. 
Ambiance - a little noisy due to the acoustics of the building but what the heck...it's NOLA!  Have fun!  
Summary:
Unpretentious, fun, place w/ great service & good food!  Highly recommended!This was an amazing find to stumble into. Service was great and friendly and the food was amazing! The BBQ shrimp and rosemary grits were phenomenal! Highly recommend.Lunch-2 people-split blue cheese iceberg wedge salad.nice salad withonions,bacon bits and a light vinaigrette.Main course was friedf chicken-3 pcs very crispy-with red beans and rice and collard greens.will order again.Split dessert-mixed fruit cobbler-forgettable. Excellent  service-Will go back againWe dined there multiple times.  Every dish was excellent, very high-quality food and drink at reasonable prices.  Looking forward to going back again.  Exceptional.I had my birthday dinner here last week. We started out with the fried green tomatoes, crawfish fritters and the brown butter cauliflower soup. We enjoyed all of them especially the soup. Lick the bowl delicious! Most of my table ordered the fried chicken. I have to say it was the best fried chicken I've eaten. It wasn't greasy or over cooked. The meat was moist and full of flavor. I will definitely order it when I go back. I had the special, soft shell crab poboy. The crab was huge and fresh. Very tasty! It paired with my rose` perfectly. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a taste of local flavor and away from tourist traps.Fantastic Cajun fare! Loved the fried green tomatoes & boudin balls. The lavender lace cocktail was delish! Amazing BBQ shrimp & grits. Enjoyed the atmosphere & live music. I highly recommend this place.As always my wife and I like to break out of the tourist trap areas to find more eclectic and authentic foods. We chose this place specifically because we were craving shrimp and grits and the ambiance was extremely inviting. We quickly knew it was the right choice after meeting Carl who was our waiter/server. Carl's approach could not be any better.  My wife just said "I like Carl." He has a kind smile and relaxed demeanor. He makes you feel like you've known him for years. He totally made the entire experience. The BBQ Shrimp and Grits were to die for, they seasoned perfectly and the fresh rosemary took the meal over the top! Did I forget to rave about the Cucumber and Basil lemonade mixed drink?!?! Because that drink cooled us off on a hot summer day. Can't wait to come back to this place next time we are in town!My friend and I went this past Saturday while visiting the Frenchmen art market and i must say that out of all the places I ate at, this was my favorite. I ordered the po'boy sandwich and rosemary grits. The grits were AWESOME. The rosemary added a new twist to the grits that I will definitely try to duplicate at home. They had live music which was what I really wanted to experience in my first visit to the city. I would have given it 5 stars but the Mama's Moonshine cocktail tasted bland, didn't taste the liquor in it at all and it had too much mint in it for my taste. Also the waitress was nice but really didn't show her face as often as I expected. Don't get my wrong, I wouldn't have liked her coming every minute, but I had to keep asking her for things that should have given to us from the moment we sat down or at least when the dishes were served. The place wasn't that busy for her not be more attentive. After we left, we saw her having a smoking break, and now I know why she wasn't as alert as I had hoped.We came in here to use the bathroom on Halloween when we were out on Frenchmen and we decided to come back the next day for lunch. I am glad we did because it was damn good and you can't beat the location. We had the tacos (one was fried fish, the other was black bean with goat cheese) and salad and they were all really good. The place was empty in the late afternoon but we did not mind at all. Pretty decent and friendly bar service, we would come back!Truly one of New Orleans' best kept not-so-secrets. A gem.I'm not sure why this place only has 3 stars. My lunch, was one of the best lunches I may have ever had. I got the bbq shrimp and grits, and I moaned so much my wife got jealous. Everyone at our table was thrilled. We were all a little drunk (we were on vacation so don't judge) but I would have been in love sober. Like that girl in college who wore those tight...never mind.Marigny Brasserie a major "Step Up" Corner Bar with great food. Truffle Fries to Tempura Onion Rings line the Small Plates but the Crawfish Fritters are well just freakin soawesome, yes it's a word for these fritters for sure. On to the Pork Belly Tacos "Silence" follows your first bite then sounds meant for your bedroom. Need I say more.Convinced to come in by the server, who was getting some fresh air as my friend was passing by, this quaint establishment is adorned with original paintings by local artists. With a warm, comfortable atmosphere and fully stocked bar, it is a hip place to go at the northern part of Frenchmen Street away from all the "energy" of the street. 
The food is freshly made daily with fresh ingredients and it is obvious from the taste. I ordered the gumbo with crawfish fritter and catfish. The server informed us that the gumbo was slow-cooked all day. It was delightful, full of flavor, its broth taking on the seafood flavors that were blended in it. Although the catfish came with fries and jalapeño slaw, I opted to forgo the fries for red beans and rice. The helpings were more than one person should eat in one sitting. However, I did my best to put a dent into it! The catfish was breaded and I'm not really a fan. I don't like the texture of the meat, as moisture is trapped and I find the catfish to be too soggy. Such was the case. It still had good flavor and was what I would expect. Hit with a little hot sauce and it's all good. The jalapeño slaw, on the other hand, was delightful. With just enough heat contrasted with the cool from the leafy greens, it was a pleasure to eat. The red beans and rice, also, did not disappoint.
Our server was on point, not writing a thing down but getting the order right even with the changes that I made. He was courteous and engaging, making sure that our needs were met.
It is a great place with great ambiance. Located walking distance from where I was staying, it is a great establishment and I'd go back for the food.Wandered in here on a whim, very hungry and exhausted after a day of walking. The atmosphere was so quiet and relaxing which was a relief after having spent the majority of the evening in the quarter. The server was so friendly and attentive. The music was beautiful, light, and jazzy. I had the crawfish Marigny, a Cajun Alfredo over linguine with crawfish. It was one of the best dishes I've ever had! Like not just saying that, it was so incredibly satisfying. I also got a side of red beans and rice which was equally amazing. 
Over all with the food, the great service, and serene atmosphere this place is officially going on my "will return to" list for when ever I'm in visiting.Great location, right on Frenchman in the heart of Marigny.  Loved the food and service!I dined here a few months ago for a friend's birthday, and it was fantastic! 
I took my parents here after months of dreaming about having the crawfish ravioli dance on my palate once more, but... when I returned it had been removed from the menu. I then learned that the chef, Miles Prescott, had been replaced.
The meal I had weeks ago was amazing, but this time around, the story was not the same.
The corn bread was laced with jalapenos - quite the fun little surprise - and the butter had the perfect amount of basil in it, which helped give it a nice fresh taste. That was sadly the highlight of my meal. 
The menu was plagued with dishes that were too rich and trying too hard. Whoever the new chef is needs to re-evaluate his technique and simplify! 
I would skip this one until he gets it together. 
Where the hell is Miles Prescott??This is a fun restaurant.  A large group of us came for dinner.  We ordered a variety of appetizers, entrees, and desserts.  Everything was very good.  The service was very good and accommodating for our group.  The only downside to the dinner was the loud volume of the music.  Although we were seated away from the band, we could not hear each other to have a conversation.   The music was really good and fun, but made it difficult for any conversation. Overall, a good experience for dining.Very disappointing....I went on a Saturday evening around 8pm for drinks and dinner with my family. The live music started after we ordered our music. It was extremely too loud and really ruined the entire evening for us. You couldn't have a conversation with the person sitting next to you. I noticed that many other customers felt the same way, so I mentioned it to our waitress and she just kind of shrugged her shoulders and said thats how it is. We will not be going back and I wouldn't recommend this restaurant.We had the oyster shooters to start.  Two of us, three of them. I liked them, but they were kinda fishy.  Hubby not so much.  So I got the odd oyster out...  Onto crayfish pasta for me.  Holy cow, delicious! Loved it!  Hubby goes for Coon Ass sandwich.  I liked it.  Him, not so much.  Lovely restaurant setting.  I would definitely return, hubby not so much!  So, I will come alone!  Loved it!  Worth checking out and conveniently located on Frenchmans St.I really wish I could just rate this place based on drinks, staff, and live music. But the problem is mostly the food in my opinion. There has yet to be something that was well seasoned or actually cooked decently. I recommend sticking to what you are good at. If the brasserie can't figure out a menu that works, expand the bar and open up more room for live music.Nice neighborhood local, pretty cute place and live music. The live music is what gives this rating a boost. The food was mediocre, (over cooked fish) bathrooms dirty and service so-so. Definitely potential- but with so many choices in NOLA we won't be back.Great food! We'd only been off the plane about an hour on our first trip to New Orleans and stopped here for lunch. Great Catfish Po'Boy! Huuuuge sandwich, lots of fries, although I don't know why anyone would waste their time on fries whole staring at a sandwich of this caliber! My wife got the Classic Club Sandwich and couldn't put a dent in it.  Huge portions, super friendly staff and nice atmosphere. Definitely will return here.I got the poo boy sandwich. It had fried green tomatos and fried crawfish. It was ok. The tomatoes were way to big and hard to eat. The bread was very dry and I had crumbs everywhere! My mac n cheese was good. The fried crawfish fritters were just ok also. The fried boudin was amazing though!We wandered in on our own & ended up have a great time. We ordered crawfish fritters, fried green tomatoes, Boudin balls, & the best spinach artichoke dip ever. Everything was delicious. Cocktails were great too.This was a really cool spot. It was late and we saw they closed at 2am. One side had live music and dancing, the other side had booths and tables. You could still hear the music on the "dining side" but it wasn't too loud at all. I had a $9 Sazerac that blew the $12 one I had earlier in the day out of the water, and it was bigger. We got the cheese fries and they were solid. I'd like to come back for dinner.Fresh ingredients in the drinks and food. Amazing!! The friendliest staff, amazing food & live music. Life is good!We got into town around 4PM and stopped here for a quick bite. The place was empty, yet no one greeted us. It took a long time to get our drink orders in. When we finally ordered a beer, the waiter asked "what kind?" to which we replied "what kind do you have?"  The response was "uhh the ones on the menu" which we hadn't been given. It went downhill from there. My red beans and rice were bland, and po boys and fried green tomatoes were covered in "remoulade" which is apparently code for ketchup mixed with mayonnaise. The waiter warmed up to us toward the end, but not enough to redeem this place.Please avoid this resturant. We ordered two Argula beet salads at our table and they came out made with spinach. Secondly, we ordered two ribeyes and they were a sirloin cut which would have been ok except they had absolutely no flavor and they still charged me for a ribeye. Texas Roadhouse has better steaks for 1/2 the price. Also avoid the rosemary grits - again no flavor. My wife's crab cake was burnt on the bottom. I guess on a positive side the crawfish fritters were good. The service and atsmosphere were great maybe they will get better in the kitchen soon!We stopped in for a quick snack, (shrimp tacos), and then the band started playing... We had dinner reservations elsewhere, but ended up canceling our reservations at the other place and having staying at Marigny Brasserie for dinner, b/c the band was so awesome! I wish I knew the name of the band? ..it would be nice if the entertainment was listed on the website. Anyway, our food was fantastic! I had the blackened redfish and my husband had the Crawfish Marigny. Yum!! Lastly, our server...tiny girl with long dark wavy hair was absolutely adorable! Thank you Marigny Brasserie for making our first night in NOLA one that we will never forget!During my trip in the spring, me and my friends stopped in this place multiple times. It's one of the many music venues along Frenchmen St, but is definitely more of a restaurant vs the lounge/bar types in the area. They have performers with all sorts of vibes-- our particular favorite was CoolNasty. If you like seeing a group of youth putting out some real smooth jazz sounds, definitely check them out when they're there!
As far as food, I remember some dishes being a little bit slow to put out but the taste definitely made up for it. We had so much there so I can't even remember beyond the first night's dinner-- the Fried Green Tomato with shrimp remoulade was pretty good as an appetizer, there was no actual (whole) shrimps just the sauce so that was new, but the tomatoes and the sauce really did it for me anyways. I would LOVE to find the recipe for that. I wasnt in the mood for meat that night (had WAY too many po'boys that week) so my main for that night was their Strawberry Walnut salad (with either ranch or ceasar dressing instead of the standard blue cheese) and the salad was really filling. For dessert I think I had a pecan pie or something? It was a special and not on their daily menu. I assure you it was good though. My lack of memory is not from time but because I was in complete food high mode.
The service was always very good, the waitresses were very hospitable and tended to our every need! Another night I had asked for a shirley temple and the female bartender gave it to me on the house. So sweet! 
I love this place so much, I simply cannot wait to return next year!This is my 1st trip to New Orleans. I had the shrimp étouffée and my wife had the Cajun trio. Both very good. 
Our waitress, Tori, was very good. 
Neighborhood is interesting. We walked down and it was entertaining.Bar hoping continued. We stopped here for drinks. We ended up getting drinks and cheese fries. There was a live band. Great environment. I love this city.My bachelorette party was in NOLA over Memorial Day weekend. Saturday night we decided to do a group dinner (20 of us!) and check out Frenchman Street. Marigny was as accommodating as could be with such late notice, and we bagged an 8:15 reservation. Showing up a little early, we had time to grab drinks at the bar and listen to the live band in front. While we did wait longer than expected, there was a huge group of us and it was understandable. I ordered the Po Boy with shrimp, fried green tomatoes and jalapeno slaw and it was delicious! I've never been impressed with po boys before as they have always been fried shrimp on bread, but the slaw and fried green tomatoes were a welcome addition! Everyone was satisfied with their drinks (mine was a mojito after finding out the ingredients for my original order were out- the only disappointment of the meal). Friendly waiters. The prices were reasonable as well.
This place isn't for you if you're looking for an upscale dining experience, but it served our purpose and actually exceeded my expectations food-wiseWe originally had reservations to eat here for dinner on Friday night.  It was close to our hotel and very cute looking, but we decided we couldn't wait and went for lunch instead. The food admittedly tasted decent, and our waitress, the strawberry blond was fantastic.  
BUT about 4 hours after eating here, me and three of my bridesmaids got violently ill.  We literally had food poisoning so bad that our only healthy friend almost took us to the hospital.  
When I called the restaurant at the first signs of illness, Jeff, the manager told me he would "investigate it" and call me right back.  
By the next day at 2pm, we still hadn't received a phone call, so we walked from our hotel over to talk to him.  NO visit to New Orleans should be ruined by such terrible handling of food, especially a bachelorette party.
He accused of us having "multiple cocktails" (we each had 1) and said it must have been from some other restaurant.  BUT it was the only place we had eaten in 24 hours.
This told us 2 things.  One that their management could care less about the health of their patrons.  And two that they didn't pull the two items that made us sick; the boudin balls and the turkey and sprout sandwich...possibly making other unsuspecting visitors sick, as well.
NEVER go here.A couple blocks from the French Market. The hamburger was fresh, so I had it medium rare. I love gumbo and their seafood gumbo was excellent! I will definitely eat here again. Our server, Patrick, was very helpful and gave great recommendations. Overall great experience.We had been in this place before a few months back, we weren't over impressed then. On this occasion the experience was no improvement, in fact worse. Total disinterest from the staff and the food inedible. On the face of it the menu describes comfort food cajun style, however, no self respecting cajun would say the food justified the prices charged. There are way better restaurants available in Nola, do yourselves a favor and skip this one.Service was good, we constantly had refreshed soda. The pasta and gumbo were tasty... but the music was so loud we couldnt order! Killed the dinner entirely. It's either a bar or a resturant... pick one because you can't have a decent restaurant with music that makes the clients rush out as fast as possible!Went for lunch & our group got the Frenchmen St po boy (awesome), Marigny #1 sandwich (very good), grilled watermelon salad, black eyed pea hummus... the spicy cole slaw wasn't spicy at all but still tasty. Points off because one person's fries were burnt, but not anyone else's and it took FOREVER to get our bloody marys (they came after we'd finished our fabulous fried green tomatoes) which is weird because there wasn't anyone at the bar and only 2 other tables.This place is awesome! Had my birthday party there and it was perfect. The food and the staff exceeded expectations! Thanks to our waitress, Big Red!I only had cocktails here so I can't really comment on the food.  But the watermelon mojito that I had and the cucumber cosmo that my friend had were certainly worthy of a detour. 
Will have to go back and actually have something to eat.Had an amazing meal and the service was fantastic! We were a little skeptical to try this place after reading a particular review. However, we were extremely pleased! The shrimp and grits were recommended by our waiter and were fantastic!First, let me start by saying we live in the French Quarter and there are so many great restaurant choices, and that this is not one of them. We had dinner here last night and here were our thoughts: bread plates on the table but the waiter had to make a special arrangement for us to get bread, then after ordering their evening special it took at least 20 minutes for the food to arrive (for fish, really?), we also ordered a wedge salad that had so much dressing on it we could hardly see the lettuce (really, it was awful to look at and worse to try to eat). So even though we have tried this restaurant now 3 times, we give up. The customer experience is such a huge part of New Orleans and this place doesn't make the repeat customer grade.I actually had a pleasant Sunday lunch here. From the reviews I definitely wasn't expecting much but I had absolutely no problems. We were seated right away, friendly staff no problems with waiter. The food took a little long to come out but I enjoyed my meal. I had the Royal Eggplant Pasta, which was yummy I love me some eggplant and i love the texture of their pasta, so definitely no complaints from me. Its a nice place to visit on a Sunday on a nice day so you can take a walk afterwards.Smooth jazz is usually playing and the food was really good. Loved the pickled beet salad and fish tacos!Went for lunch and the service was good but the food was average at best. I ordered the New Orleans trio. The shrimp étouffée was quite good but the blackened fish was so salty it was hard to eat. I'm sure there are good things on the menu but for the price I probably won't go backCame on a summer Thursday for dinner. The place was nearly empty but the food was yummy. Server said it doesn't usually get crowded until Friday thru the weekend. 
Had fried green tomatoes to start. Very good. Followed by blacked redfish. No complaints at all. Prices were very reasonable. 
The live band playing early was good enough to be a headliner in most other cities. 
All in all, a good casual place on Frenchmen.Great craft cocktails. The bartenders were all very pleasant. Had the grilled chicken tacos three nights in a row!Interesting happy hour cocktail selections. OK food. In a town full of amazing food, the bar is set pretty high. Their stuff would be great anywhere else but in NOLA it was just average.Shrimp not so good. You would figure on the Gulf, but no. Tried a friends catfish, that was good. The lemon water was goodExcellent food and service... Not fast food but well worth the wait.  Best fried calamari ever!Yes... come here.... definitely come here .... order the gumbo for sure. If you're especially lucky. .. Kristen will be your contact to the kitchen. Top notch restaurant.  Better than top notch service. When you come to n'orleans.... remember these 3 words.....Marigny. ..Gumbo...KristenThe food here was delicious.  We were wandering down a street when a woman stopped us from going further and pointed us to Marigny.  A little pricier than expected but my girl was turning 29, so we figured we can splurge.  
They have a great wine selection though a bit pricy.  We had fried green tomatoes that was delicious and Strawberry salad that was divine.  The shrimp remoulade was delicious as well, but the sauce tasted a little like thousand island dressing.  My friends' entrees were great, mine left me wanting.  I ordered Tuna Medallions that I wanted cooked black & blue and it cameout well done.  Dry, dry, DRY!  The sauce needed a little more salt but the spinach was good.  But by that time, we filled up so much on the apps that we all had a terrible time trying to get through the entrees anyway.
Great atmosphere and good food.  Best decor of all the places I've been to.  I would recommend for a special evening of celebration.  Too pricy for a regular night out.Had lunch here.  Very good food and excellent service.
For an appetizer we had boudin balls - delicious. Then we had grilled alligator suausage and it was just as good.Outdoor seating, catty-corner from Washington Square. Great service, excellent cocktail menu, green tomato appetizer a standout. We'll be back.This place was delicious. My boyfriend and I had the Gumbo and grits while sitting at the bar. Loved seeing the huge chunks of crab still in the Gumbo and the rosemary grits were to die for. Huge portions for the food and decent price. Drinks were the only thing that were a bit over priced. This place could have been 5 stars if the customer service was better.great food, not a tourist trap, is really for locals, but they accepted us and gave warm service, ask for Paolo (italian for Paul) had great gumbo and redfish, wife had ribeye, drink the Ruthie's punch, good band, live music, has it all.Fish of the day...din't come in. Grits and BBQ Shrimp - was average at best. No WOW factor here.
An employee was stretched out in a booth within sight of customers.
Not impressed with food or layout.Delicious food, great service & groovy band. Perfect way to start out our NOLA experience.The music is great and this would probably be a great place to have a cocktail and listen to the band. There's a big screen that was playing the football game, as well. For dinner, the service was just incredibly slow. I ordered a second drink that never came, no one checked in during our meal, and the waitress took a half hour to process our check.For the people that got food poisoning from this restaurant after eating there 4 hours before: food poisoning takes 12 to 24 hours (sometimes 48 hours) to set in. It's not possible that you got food poisoning from this restaurant.  A stomach virus, perhaps.
With that being said, I had lunch here and was happy with my experience. I had the oyster and artichoke soup which I would order again. The crawfish cakes were good, I can usually tell the difference between frozen and fresh and I don't think these were frozen. (not 100% sure). Also, they could have been hotter. They weren't cold in the middle but they weren't hot either. The cakes themselves and the remoulade sauce on top were amazing. I was a little disappointed with the "salad" the crawfish cakes were served on. Julienned iceberg lettuce and diced tomato didn't cut it. It should have been spinach or mixed baby greens, something a little more substantial.
I sat at the bar and the bartender was a fabulous server. Will definitely go again.My best friend visited NOLA a couple of years ago and couldn't stop talking about this place.  He actually threatened to de-friend me if I did not have at least one meal hear because it was THAT good.  Guess what?  It was THAT good.  
We followed his recommendation of fried green tomatoes topped with a shrimp remoulade, the mac and cheese and fried chicken (which came with 2 sides of your choice).  I had to stop myself from licking my fingers when I was done.  It was so very delicious!  I wish I had more than 4 days there because I would have loved to go back again.
I also like the ambiance of this place.  It was quite different from the other places on Frenchman street because it wasn't "sketchy".  It was very clean, the decor warm and inviting.  Our servers were also very attentive and offered their opinions on the things we ordered.  
If you're ever in NOLA and in need of some serious comfort food with a Cajun flair, this is your spot.Took the host several minutes to notice we were there, then acted like we were an annoyance before seating us. Food was luke warm and marginal. But it took over an hour from sitting to check delivery.  Lots of sitting and waiting looking for our waiter who was leaning against the host stand most the time while the other woman with pants ripped from taint to toes wandered through the dining area on her cell.  THEN the bartender comes over right next to me to bend over a dividing wall to yell at a table just beyond it,  "which one?!" Regarding wine.  Lingering with his ass right in my face while I ate. Meanwhile our waiter continues to pressure me to buy a drink. Which i don't. I've not seen anything worse on Gordon Ramsay's shows. Avoid.  They need a good manager to give them all a swift kick in the ass.Delicious vegan menu, friendly service and great live music! I had the black bean burger which was one of the best I've ever had! Had vegan tacos which were good but nothing special especially after that burger! That Burger is delicious and a good price for the amount you get! Hope to come back soon!Went on a Sunday night and it was pretty busy. We were able to get a reservation same day though for a party of 9. The ambiance is good. They had a good live jazz band, but it was very very loud and even though we were on the other side of the restaurant, we had trouble having any conversation with anyone other than the person next to you. 
The food was good, maybe better than average, but not amazing. I had the cabbage salad and that was very good. I also had an appetizer of the crawfish fritters and they were dry but if they hadn't been over cooked they would have been good because they had good flavor. The cucumber basil lemonade that I had was excellent though. The biggest issue and why I'm only giving it 3 stars is that the service was painfully slow. We were there for over 2 and a half hours and our waitress would disappear for long periods of time. We finally had to hunt her down to request the check. Then it took her 30 minutes to run our cards. They don't allow separate checks so it also took forever to try to divide the bill.  I would not recommend this restaurant for a group larger than 4 or 5.Make reservations! Nice loud atmosphere. Live band with a singer. A long wait without reservations. Outside seating available. Kinda cold inside at night, before your drink. Enjoyed the blackened chicken. It had a Cajun symbol next to it on the menu meaning spicy, but not so much. Actually the chicken was well seasoned! Shout out to the cook! Linguine noodles with *cajun and Alfredo sauce. YUMMY!
Cucumber Basil Lemonade with just enough vodka to make this a kick ass drink!We went on a busy night and has a large table of 8. Seated immedately and recieved our drinks proptly. The drink menu is certainly impressive with mixed drinks of all types.
We ordered appetizers for the table to share. The stand out was the crab and cheese dip with tosted bruchetta. I usually avoid crab but this stuff was delicious. The mozzerella sticks were made in house, not the usual frozen sysco type.
For entree's i sampled the shrip and grits and they were fantastic, just as others told you. I ordered the fried chicken. It is an entire 1/2 chicken. The wait was not to bad considering we had 2 of the 8 order the chicken. They quoted 20 minutes, but we got it quicker than that.
The chicken was seasoned very well and moist. I was like a fat kid again. For sides I got the red beans and the mac & cheese (because I'm still a fat kid). The mac & cheese were some of the best I have ever had! It came in a porcelin boat and was crusted on top with gooey mac and cheese inside. The bestpart was it was the entire boat, plenty to share, but you wont want to. The red beans were a little bland for my taste but hot sauce fixed that right up.
The wife got the fish special, grilled redfish over kale. The fise was well prepared and not fishy at all.
We skipped dessert since we were all stuffed. I highly recommend this place to please your own inner fat kid.Cool place!  Had a salad to start which was ok.  Then had veggies tacos.  Those were good except they really burnt the tortilla.  It was difficult to talk there because they had live jazz but it was a cool ambience. I would just say be aware of that before u go.Great place for drinks, food and music. Service is slow but you are relaxed listening to jazz music.The place gets 3 stars mainly for the atmosphere, the staff and the music - the food was really not that great.  The apps - Fried Green Tomatoes and Crab Cakes were delicious but the gumbo, unfortunately was one of the worst I've ever tasted.  I can't say we weren't warned though about the gumbo.  It just didn't have any flavor.  The Marginy Pasta was just not very flavorful and the Blackened Red Fish was overcooked.  
I hope they can get the food right - everything else is on point!Been here twice so far, and both times were completely different experiences but enjoyable none the less.
First time, a while ago, the BF and I were nonchalantly celebrating (anniversary? birthday?) and happened to wander in on The Marigny's happy hour. I'm not sure if it's still applicable, but it was something crazy like selected glass of wine for $4. Their wine list had a plethora of options and I love drinking expensive wine without that expensive wine price tag! We sat outside and the bartender was friendly and knowledgable. It was quiet and quaint.
We went back recently when our reservations fell through elsewhere, and the restaurant seemed to be poppin. There was a band and a crowd of people outside, but we were interested in eating. The staff was super nice and not in an cheesy way, more so like they enjoyed their jobs and each other. We ordered truffle fries and split "The Frenchmen"-- shrimp and fried green tomato poboy. SO DELICIOUS. The side of red beans and rice were nothing special. The drinks we tried (Mojito and Cucumber Collins) were tasty, not too sweet but not too boozy. Service was great, our waitress was as sweet as you can be! I will definitely be back.Great service and Kick ass shrimp and grits! Amazing fries green tomatoes....live band playing while we ate added to the atmosphere. Def worth a visit when you are in town!Over Satchmo Summerfest 2016 I had the occasion to dine twice at the Marigny Brasserie. The food was strictly pass-fail but acceptable. Sadly the management has live music performed at volumes that are de rigeur for a Frenchmen Street pub crawl, not a restaurant. One of the performance ensembles was consistently off pitch and the other, after destroying my interest in the meal and conversation, had the audacity to ask for a tip. The sound bled through the walls and was intrusive even at the outside tables. And just when you thought you saw everything in self indulgence, the moo-sicians had CDs for sale. Now that's optimism!good service, great drinks, awesome fries. their biggest ding is on tacos, which look awesome but come in plates of three THAT CAN'T BE MIXED.  dude, I was t to try them all, all you kidding?I passed by on my way back to my Airbnb, read the menu and decided to stop in for a drink and a meal. I had the cucumber basil lemonade vodka concoction, which was light and fresh, and the pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries (my favorite). Yep, I drank and ate it all! The jalapeño coleslaw added a nice texture and flavor to the sandwich. My server was sweet, the band playing was nice and mellow, and the house music had me singing Jill Scott. The ambience is sweet too.Writing yet another review of one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans! Perfect place to park any night of the week for great cocktails, delicious food, and a fun atmosphere! The bartenders are friendly and helpful, and really know their stuff. Recommended to tourists, but know that this is New Orleans...things always move a little slower here. So if you're in town from busy CA or NY, leave the fast paced life behind and stop by the Marigny Brasserie for a wonderful night out!A must eat on Frenchman St!!! The new ownership really understands traditional creole cookin. Had the Fried green tomatoes, beef tongue tacos, shrimp and grits. It was all good. The music was top notch and can't wait to come back.Awesome dinner as usual.  We sit at the bar with bartender Jess!!  She's a doll!   I tried a different menu item and was very pleased!  The veggie tacos without the goat cheese.  Side of spinach and my honey a side of string beans.  String beans to die for.  My fav joint!!Wow! The mr. Fancy Pants burger is amazing! The best burger in New Orleans. The white truffle garlic aioli really takes it to the next level. The meet is well made and the bun is soft, what more can a frenchman partier as for. 5 stars!Really nice bartender/waiter.  Had a salad and fried green tomato's.  Happy hour wine and beer.  Can't serve food until 5pm5 stars are based on my brunch experience. Excellent, friendly service. The mimosas were cheap, heroic and strong. I dug immensely the fried green tomoto eggs benedict. The executive chef's eggs benedict featured a tarragon reduction over fried eggplant and was delicious. The grits was gooood. I sincerely want to eat here again.We enjoy the clubs on Frenchman Street, especially the Spotted Cat and DBA. Marigny Brasserie is a great spot to dine during a musical evening. The food is consistently good, and the dishes are innovative and well executed. Frenchman benefits by having this sort of restaurant, in addition to the more casual and funky ones in the area.The full striped bass was off the charts!! Fried green tomatoes kicked butt!! Lea was awesome!!As locals, we care a lot about how tourists perceive our city and our restaurants. We had a few good meal at the Marigny Brassiere several years ago. But in the last two years it has been disappointing. 
However, the last time we decided to give them another try was a lovely late afternoon in October, 2014. We chose to be seated outside. There were only a couple of tables seated in the whole restaurant. 
Our waiter greeted us, sat down in the chair opposite us like we were old friends and told us how tired he was. He finally took our orders, and thankfully left us to enjoy the afternoon with our wine and the lovely weather.
After a very long wait, our orders came, but our 'tired' waiter had not bothered to bring us any utensils. After several minutes, I got up to walk inside and request utensils. Our waiter was chatting with another employee in the back. He waved me away and said he'd bring them in a bit. 
To add insult to the deplorable service, the meal was inedible. As locals, we will not go back. I sincerely hope our unsuspecting tourists will not eat here and think this is normal for our city.Pleasantly Suprised.... Wanted a local eatery and live music, I got it and SOME! The Redbeans and Rice are killer, the Boudin is Awesome and this new Elder Flower Drink is something special. The Band made it all worth while! I'll be back....Went for lunch. Cucumber cosmo was delicious!!! Service was nice also. Sandwich and fries very filling.If I could give a negative star I would. I used to love this restaurant but over the past year the quality of the food has declined as many of their recipes seemed to have been changed. I thought perhaps they were having an off day and tried it again only to be left with severe gastric issues from food that tasted off. My server discreetly whispered to me that the head chef made a habit of merely rinsing off spoiled ingredients and cooked and served anyway. I stopped eating and prayed I wouldn't get sick. Just a couple of bites was enough to make for an extremely painful couple of days. Lesson learned.The food wasn't bad.  Not great, but not bad.  It feels like you're in a casual dining chain restaurant though.  And the Open Table curse struck again.  We were walked past several open booths to be sat in the very back next to the bussing station.  So we got to listen to clanking dishes and silverware all through dinner.  I had Gumbo and the Fried Catfish.  The Gumbo needed a lot more heat.  It was something I'd expect in the midwest.  The Catfish was really good.  Fried nicely in a light and flavorful breading.  She had the Boudin Balls and Gulf Fish Tacos.  The Boudin was pretty plain.  She loved the tacos though.  We ordered dessert, but after quite a long wait were told that it would be a while yet because a large party had just ordered.  Not sure why that makes pie take more than a couple minutes.  Overall, there were some high points but you can do a lot better.Stopped in for a late lunch, the place was empty so I can't speak on rating the service. We had the pork belly sandwich which was similar to a Cuban and the flatiron tacos, both were very good, but the sweet potato fries were AWESOME, the best I've ever had. We will be repeat customer's.I am a server at an italian cucino, 2 of my 3 friends are also servers, and we tend to look for excuses when experiencing bad service because we all have off days, but this evening was inexcusable. We waited 15 minutes after being seated. The server was sarcastic but many good servers are, and it works to their advantage.. not the case here. He took another 15 minutes to come back to us to take our order, and after waiting quite a while for our salads, he came outside, looked at us, then went back inside without saying a word. Finally our salads came out (which he got wrong) and apologized for the wait. The rest of our food came out 30 minutes later, by which time we just wanted to leave. I asked the hostess about what came on certain dishes, and what we received did not fit the description. She asked if she could bring our missing items but we did not want to wait any longer and said no. Finally he gives us the bill, and I asked him about a charge for a salad when we did not receive what we ordered. He told me the order was correct and when I began to explain that I asked the hostess, he interrupted me and began arguing with me! I had had enough. We payed and left no tip, something I have never done before. Nola has a bit of a reputation for bad service but in our week stay, this was the only restaurant we had a problem with.I used to love this place. However the treatment I received the last time I was there I WILL NEVER RETURN!!!
I left me phone at the bar but luckily the bartender found it and sent me a message to my facebook account on it (quick thinking and great move on her behalf).
When I checked facebook i called her back on my phone, she answered, and I told here i would be there in about 10 min to pick up the phone. 
When I got there 10min later.....the phone had been stolen. I called for two weeks at least 10 times and no manager would ever return my calls and did not even offer an appology. 
Seeing that there were only 3 people who could have taken it (one being the bartender who obviously did not), it can only logically be determined that one of the managers on duty stole my phone while I was on the way to pick it up. 
Food is pretty good but there is no way in hell I will ever spend another dime in a place who treats their customers with such disdain. Good luck staying open in this economy guys.....trust me, im spreading the word to everyone!!!!Good food, nice service. 
However they included the tip directly in my bill without telling, so I ended up tipping twice. It should either be highlighted more clearly or not done at all.I came here twice during m recent trip to NOLA....The first night we came around 11:30 pm after a day in the french quarter and then an evening on frenchman street listening to Jazz.....This place was the perfect change of pace and great night cap....They made a perfect Maritni that was just right and on point....On new years eve around 9 pm we were looking for cool place to hang out and have a few drink before the mid night fireworks....We showed up with no reservation just in time as a table as leaving so we were able to be seated immediately...They was an awesome jazz band and the place was packed...We ordered the some appitizers and drinks and everthing thing came in a timely fashion...the crawfish fritters were simply amazing...The server was very busy but took care of us....This was the perfect place to ring in 2015...In the words of the Jazz band...." The best days are yet to come"... yI should have read the reviews. Called to make a reservation for one but was told to just show up. I did and the waiter forgot I was there. Tried to remedy it twice but was given the standard, we are busy. I'm from out of town and won't recommend this to anyone.All I can say is wow! So unexpected to get such a fabulous meal in a bar restaurant. Their menu is extensive. We started with the Boudin balls, they were delicious with a spicy sauce for dipping. My sister had the Marigny pasta with crawfish and shrimp. She savored every bite. But best of all was the "fancy pants" burger. It was smeared with a white truffle roasted garlic aioli. Topped with goat cheese. It was the BEST meal I had in Mew Orleans. I strongly recommend you check them out!Excellent service, very fast. Great atmosphere with band planning whilst we had dinner. Mammas moonshine were tonights cocktails of choice- delicious and would not hesitate to come back for the soft tacos. Only wish we had cone over to frenchmans street before our last night as so much more authentic than bourbon street!Waited nearly 30 minutes for a to go salad that was already dressed. Who the hell adds salad dressing to a to go salad rather than putting it on the side.  $19 with tip... wish I'd kept my money in my purse. The band was decent though.Loved this place! I had the Fried Pickles oh so much and soooooo Good, and the wedge salad for appetizers and the Shrimp Ettoufe'e for my main course and my husband had the Shrimp Po'Boy.... So much shrimp my husband couldn't finish it! (which was a surprise because he always has room for shrimp. LOL). I love both Creole and Cajun food yummy and this was some of the best food I have had in a long time. Thank you for such an enjoyable and delicious experience for us. This is my husband's first experience in New Orleans and this helped reinforce to him that what I have said and felt always " This is the best food ever!!!" Don't get me wrong we love Mexican food but I am bringing him over to the dark and yummy side. (0:This place is great.  We came on a Sunday and there was some good live music.  The staff and vibe were awesome.  The art on the wall and AC was very inviting.  The food hit the spot the Mac and cheese, fried green tomatoes and sausage fritters were definitely worth getting.  Would come back again if I am in town.Coming from California the first week of December, my family and I were looking to get the full Big Easy experience. After stumbling upon this place thanks to google, the menu looked good and the reviews were better! So we decided to try it and booked a reservation. As soon as we got there the hostess greeted us with a smile and seated us as far back and hidden as possible. 
Well 20 MINUTES had gone by and we weren't greeted once by a waitress.. We made eye contact with a couple but neither decided to come to our table. We weren't offered drinks, appetizers, NOT EVEN WATER ! My sister politely walked up to the station where a couple of employees were chatting amongst themselves and SHE ASKED for OUR DRINKS!? Then one lady finally came to our table only to say a waitress will be right with us! We waited about 10 more minutes before getting up and walking out! But only when we got up to walk out, a waitress decides to walk to our table.. 
No apologies, NOT EVEN CUSTOMER SERVICE !
By far the worst dining out experience I've ever had!
There's only a 1 star rating from me because a No star rating isn't allowed.Five stars for being in a great neighborhood with delicious, just-hot-enough wings at a fantastic price (we went there on a Wednesday night when they, along with oyster shooters, were 25 cents a pop). With a beer and an order of sweet potato fries, we walked out of there having spent only $15. I didn't end up getting anything to drink, but their menu sounded wonderful - vodka muddled with Thai basil and topped off with lemonade? Yes, please!
I'm subtracting a half star for not advertising this deal. We wouldn't have known about it if it hadn't been for our fabulous bartender, Jenny, from The Spotted Cat.
I also have to subtract another star and a half for the service. With the exception of one guy, the servers were incredibly aloof, bordering on cold. Though it was efficient, it was pretty unfriendly and that's a big turn-off, especially considering how nice everyone else in that area had been to us.I LOVE this restaurant. I have no idea why it only has 3 stars. I've been here twice and the food was incredible both times. I wish they would bring back the bacon wrapped shrimp and grits. It was to DIE for. Crawfish balls and red beans and rice are also incredibly tasty. It's great to pass the time have a cocktail and then chow down. Maybe I've just been lucky when I've been here, but I loved it. Seriously please bring back the bacon shrimp and grits!Great menu but a little over priced considering the presentation. Also don't rush me. Most will be thoroughly pleased with this place.Just ok.  If you are New Orleans why not go to a really good place.  It is not bad, just not great.  I got the jambalaya-a little more wet than I like it but again nothing special.  If you are in this great city why not go to the many places that are more than just "eh, ok."I've eaten at the Brasserie twice.  Once for dinner, once for breakfast.  My first trip here for dinner was boozy and gluttonous and I came away singing its praises. Had a good, funny waitress.  My BBQ shrimp and grits were delicious. One of my friends was only midly satisfied with her Au Gratin which was a mushy mess of seafood and cheese. But overall, we had a good experience.  I had heard that the Sunday brunches were excellent, so I decided to bring my Mom who was visiting from out of town here for breakfast.  Horrible service.
Had to practically get up and walk into the restaurant from outside to get refills on coffee, the waiter was extremely unknowledgable and claimed that he normally doesn't work the breakfast shift.  That doesn't excuse the fact that I got no apology or acknowledgement that my eggs atchafalaya were made incorrectly (sans spinach). He also did not know how to pronounce its name.  Also, the smell of trash wafting through the air was a little distracting on that particular Friday morning.
Based on the numerous other reviews, I find it sad that such a well-located restaurtant with such a promising menu can care so little about its clientele.Food was fine, nothing special. Music was mixed. Unpleasant band the other night during dinner but when we wandered past later that night, they had a great jazz band.Fabulous in every way except acoustics made it hard to have a conversation. OTOH the band was good.My friends and I headed to this place for the DJ upstairs. It was hot as hell up there, so after one poorly made rum and coke (i think she used diet) we headed downstairs. A couple of friends ordered the two largest "tapas" style portions I've ever seen. Nice to find a kitchen open at 3 am serving good eats, but I was hungry.  The bartenders weren't exactly friendly, but eventually I got another rum and coke (much better the 2nd time).
After a few more drinks I ended up having the time of my life upstairs. I was a damn dancing fool. The DJ plays some legit old school cuts at 4 a.m. I'd go back for the DJ upstairs. Just be prepared to sweat.My girl insists that we need a quality meal before going out drinking (again) so we stroll in and are able to make a 9:30pm reservation for their NYE prix fixe dinner ($65). We ended up eating cheeseburger po'boys prior our 3 hour nap before going to dinner, so none of us were that hungry, but the food sounded and looked really good so we had to enjoy it.
Amuse bouche was a pureed cauliflower with chives--pretty much like an extremely creamy mashed potato. It was nice, but more of a side dish or soup not an amuse bouche (it was 4.5 bites btw)
Next was 3 little salmon and tuna rolls stuffed with cucumber and a creamy sauce and yuzu vinegarette. Really nice and refreshing..the salmon was quality and the taste of the cucumber & yuzu was a nice balance. One of my friends ordered the kobe short rib instead and I just had a bite--OMG sooo tender and delicious!
The salad was amazing! I asked about it and there were zucchini and squash which were flash cooked in chicken broth and then put atop some kind of field greens. The dressing was nice and light, creamy, but slightly tangy...so tasty!
For my main meal I had the snapper topped with clam and shrimp dumplings. The snapper had some red bell pepper on top and then was topped with the clam which was sliced thin. It didn't really have much flavor to me, pretty bland. The dumplings were really trying hard to be Asian, lots of ginger, some kind of soy sauce based sauce, but the skins were a bit overcooked and the shrimp was a tad salty. I was sad that meal was so blah :(
The dessert was also disappointing..strawberry something or the other, pretty much a shortcake with creme fraiche layers, but not too good. So boring, I can't begin to explain it.
Anyway, since we got to our rsvp late and we wanted to ring in the new year near Jackson Square, we told the waitress about the time constraint and she did an excellent job of bringing the dishes at a timely rate, but not rushing us at all. They had balloons and hats at the tables and it was really nice, not tacky or cheesy at all...plus then the boys had hats for later! Overall I liked the place and would consider it again for a regular meal.My wife and I ate there two weeks ago and had one of the most bizarre and subpar dining experiences that we've had in a while. It took about 10 minutes for the hostess to talk to us, our beers and water didn't come until after our appetizers and dinner came out and we left most of our food because it was pretty tasteless. The fried seafood tasted like it was frozen and the fries had no taste other than potato. We wanted to just pay and leave, but we had to wait more than half an hour for our server to pick up our check and card. We noticed most of the other people nearby us were having a similar experience. For dinner our first night in New Orleans, it was a bad first choice.Went to the restaurant on a Friday night and surprisingly, the restaurant was not busy at all. I ordered a roasted veggie taco expecting a whole array of roasted vegetables. When my dish arrived it was literally roasted corn, zucchini, and black beans. The menu stated it was supposed to come with queso fresco but I did not see that on my taco. The filling came atop of the grilled tortillas and it looked like the 4 spoons of the filling on each tortilla. oaf you go to this restaurant please do not order this taco, you will be disappointed. However something I liked was that at the end of dinner there was a live band that came to play and even played us a song.I am shocked this place only has three stars. First and foremost, we are foodies and well-traveled. We recently went to jazzfest with our 16 month old and met my in laws there.
We had some nice dinners - and a reservation at emeril's on our last night. When the hostess called to confirm and said they were "moderately kid friendly" - I got nervous. He is well behaved but a toddler so I didn't want to stress. I made a second reservation and that resto said they didn't even have high chairs as they "don't get many kids". 
I just wanted a relaxing dinner so my husband found Marigny. First of all if you are looking for a nice place that is ALSO kid friendly - look no further! The staff couldn't have been friendlier or more accommodating! 
The food is good - we had a nice variety of things, prices are reasonable and also a good selection of drinks and beers. My fried chicken was superb - the whole table enjoyed. The sides were ok...
This place is a solid option for a quality meal and a varied menu for a larger group especially - the staff won us over by how lovely they were! 
Thank you!Oh boy!  Don't pass up on Melissa' s strawberry mojito's.  Great jazz, great atmosphere,  amazing turkey sandwich...yes.  turkey sandwich.The bartender was super friendly and They had some good music playing.  I ordered the PO-boy and it was good but the side of Mac and cheese was really average...and I love mac n cheese, so I found this disappointing.  It was like it came from a box or the grocery store, not homemade.Shrimp and grits and shrimp po' boy- both excellent! Jazz music was loud, but good! The service was average, the wait time for the food was long. We sat outside due to the loud volume of the band and we sometimes felt forgotten as customers.Comfortable, great selection of food, not super high end but excellent food. The roast beef po boy and the red beans and rice were great. They were a little saltier than I'd had but the flavors were outstanding. Nice service staff, great location. Recommended.The Brasserie has sadly given up having a real chef.  All I can say, is having visited the kitchen, and witnessed the pre-purchased Gumbo ooozing out of a plastic bag, that I will never eat at this restaurant again.  It's a shame the owner couldn't make a go with real food, and has turned the place into a touristy bourbon street satellite--meaning a one-time dining experience for out-of-towners who will never return.  A great locale, a good room, an interesting street---Sadly lost on management that is only trying to turn a fast buck.I came here with my boyfriend for a late-night dinner. We tried the etouffee and it tasted like bouillon, too salty. The waitress was really nice and accommodating, so she replaced our order with a hamburger. The burger was too thick and not cooked in the middle. We ate it anyway because it was late and we were hungry and had already been there far too long.When in New Orleans for a weekend my friends and I were looking for refuge from the sweltering heat. The first place we found was Marigny Brasserie. It was an oasis, cool air, amazing food, incredibly friendly and helpful staff and most of all cheap prices. i am generally a very hard person to please as can be seen by my other reviews, but this restaurant stole my heart and I cannot say enough about it.Sitting at the bar listening to a great band with an amazing singer. A little bit of jazz, rock and other influences. Her voice is amazing!!The workers are attentive but snooty. Corner location in the Faubourg Marigny. It's near Snug Harbor, dba and Cafe Negril. 
I highly recommend this place as a place to grab a nice lunch or casual meet up place in the evenings. 
I noticed that a few of the staff members were fluent in French. The were either annoyed by the French Quarter Fest crowd or just typically disgruntled. I really believe it would have hurt for this one guy to smile. He snapped at customers and turned people away. In a place where people can take drinks to go, you would refuse to pour for them. 
Anyways, I would return there but not for their service. Plan to disregard the lack of southern hospitality or go someplace else.Not good but not bad. I probably would not return . Server was attentive but food was boring. Expected better.....Here is the thing about this place...the food is just ok as far as New Orleans standards go.  I wouldn't put it up against your classic old guard fare in the area, of which the options are many.  You go more for the atmosphere and experience.  You don't really make a special trip to go here.  The way to play this place is to hit it up about 9pm after taking in a couple hours of music and drinks on Frenchman; like a continuation.  And it's great for that purpose. 
It's bigger than I expected, and maybe a little "nicer" than I thought it would be.  Band was loud but it made it fun and "buzzing." Food was decent, good cocktail menu, service was pretty good.  I would go back when in the mood.We had a lovely time at Marigny Brasserie.  We ordered the gumbo, red beans and rice and the frenchmen po'boy...all were flavorful and very delicious!  The live music the night we visited was amazing...really an all around great experience!Just came here to listen to some live music for a bit on a Saturday night. Drink prices were OK, but drinks themselves were nothing special. OK draft beer options. 
No cover charge, which we appreciated. Would come back again to listen to live music, otherwise I'd pass.I stumbled upon this little gem while visiting nola for a conference. The music drew me in and the food was good. I had the marginy sandwich and loved the green onion aioli. The truffle fries were awesome! The tequila tiff was rater tasty as well. Great laid back neighborhood atmosphere, good service, good music, good food.We basically chose the Marigny Brasserie because the wait was relatively short on a Saturday night for a group of 6, but it ended up being a great choice! We got a nice table and all of us really liked our food.
We were joined mid-way through our meal by a stranger from another table, which was annoying but not horrible. The server was fantastic about policing the situation to make sure we didn't feel too uncomfortable, and asked one member of our party semi-privately to let him know if/when he should intervene. The server did a great job of ensuring our comfort without being intrusive or worsening the situation.
I'd go back.Pretty average sausage po-boy with a dry as a bone roll. It would have been better if the bread hadn't seemed like it sat out all day under a heat lamp. The shrimp po-boy was loaded down with shrimp and the roll seemed more edible than the one for the sausage, but not great by any means. Great lavazzo coffee, though.Stopped in for drinks last night, we were drawn in by the jazz music. Had several lavender champagne cocktails that packed a tasty punch, and also sampled a very spicy Bloody Mary. We already ate so we didn't try the food, but it smelled lovely. Good cocktail list -bit you're looking for Hurricanes, move right along. Super friendly bartender chatted with us for a good hour while she slung cocktails left and right.We stumbled into this place on Frenchmen street and were very happy we did.  The food was great and so was the service. I especially recommend the roast chicken with sweet potato and butternut squash hash -- one of the best side dishes I've ever tasted. Definitely worth your while.No good. Crawfish taste dirty. I get that it's a "mud bug" but yeesh.  The strawberry salad tastes odd with the blue cheese crumbles. The two stars are for he live music. Best part band they had playing was absolutely amazing.We heard the fried chicken here was incredible, and it was truly out of this world. The service was friendly but a bit confused. They have a full bar, so we were surprised when they didn't know how to make a vieux carre. The sazarac we got instead was really good. Overall a great experience, delicious food, nice atmosphere, and definitely someplace I'd try again.Fun live band, friendly staff, and tasty beverages. The kitchen seemed to be running out of food, but that didn't really affect us, as we were just out for music and drinks.Well, we decided to try this place because there was a groupon.  It was pretty good!  I loved the mozzarella sticks!  Fresh mozzarella!  I had the grilled salmon with fried green beans.  I loved the salmon.  It was very well seasoned and moist.  I was not a fan of the fried green bean.  The green bean tasted as if they were pickled and then battered then fried.  I would have preferred fresh lightly seasoned green beans.  My husband ordered the roast beef po' boy.  He loved it.  The coleslaw made this sandwich tasty.  He did not add the gravy on the the sandwich.Terrible food, terrible service and a jerk of an owner. There a million restaurants in New Orleans that are delicious and friendly, so there is no reason to go here.