Stopped by for a late lunch and fortunately could order the Saturday -Sunday only brunch offerings which are available till 2 pm (the menu says 3). Our timing also meant parking was abundant  even though we live only 2 blocks away. Due to the threat of rain as noted by The Weather Channel, we chose to eat inside instead of the tree shade covers patio.  
The MOJO Pulled pork is one of those brunch offerings and is very, very good. This selection is an ample serving of well shredded pork loaded with smoky flavor (and an subtle suggestion of black pepper).  Nice and moist and served on grilled toast. 
It is topped with 2 poached eggs -soft yokes and firm whites- and the flavors meld very well. The selection is served with a hearty sized portion of cheese grits and potatoes.
My wife chose the Mexican Scramble, also a weekend brunch only selection, which obviously was centered on scrambled eggs but incorporated sautéed onions, red, and green peppers. It likewise came with home fries and the tasty cheese grits. She was pleased with the traditional blend of Mexican spices. Flavor without the machismo heat. 
There is always a wide selection of mixed drinks, beers, and wines. My choice today was Abita's AndyGator. Tried and true liquid muscle relaxant especially if you are not driving.I was shocked how good the food was, the environment was cool with lots of unique paintings.Love the Velvet Cactus. The best hing on the menu is the Deep South taco. How can you go wrong with fried chicken, bacon, avocado, and sauce? Usually great service. And I love that when it is cold, if you eat outside, you can use a blanket and they have fire pits! The desserts are on the small side for the price. But the rest of the food is huge and you get a lot for what you pay for.Came here for happy hour for the first time with friends! Camille at the bar passed us by several times....SEVERAL TIMES! After she whispered something to the other bartender, we finally received service. Once we got our table the service and food was GREAT! We wanted to speak to the manager about the service at the bar but he was "busy". Eventually he came over ( about 20 minutes later) and my friend explained what happened. Overall this is a nice place and the food is really good!This place is awesome! There was a bit of a wait (the place is small), there is outdoor seating but it was raining. I ordered a margarita from the bar (I got what I paid for, in a good way). I love the decor of the restaurant...south western with a lot of funk! Our server was very knowledgable with the menu. We ordered the nachos which were to die for!! They have a lot of options for tacos, I ordered the Deep South and the Velvet Steak tacos, very good! They took tacos to a whole new level. Ingredients I would never put together ended up being delish! We left there completely stuffed and satisfied. We will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.I'm kicking myself in the ass for not eating here more last year.
I was turned off after my first visit when I ordered ceviche that was nearly inedible and was charge for a full extra shot when requesting a different tequila in my margarita. 
After nearly a year, I returned and now have an obsession with the place.  
First, the patio is awesome.  Basically take Bulldog and add some amazing margaritas.  Space is always limited though. Next, the margaritas are the best in the city.  A new summer special is the cucumber orange margarita. It is heavenly.  Fresh muddled orange and cucumber with agave nectar and a splash of sweet and sour. I do prefer a silver tequila over the standard but they haven't been able to figure out the upcharge issue so I have to just stick to what they give you. 
The food has been consistently good.  Not the best Mexican ever but very good (the best I've found in NOLA) .  The chili (amazing) and pork tacos are my favorite - the chicken tinga is damn good as well. The enchiladas need a little work.  The chicken is bland chunks of chicken rolled in a soggy tortilla barried under cheese and a teaspoon of salsa verde.  If you want them, request extra sauce, and light cheese. 
I would highly recommend this place.This place is the shiznit!! Get the white queso as an appetizer and the texas quesadilla as an entree. It is decorated beautifully and has a very pleasant vibe. Love this place!!!Number 1 place to get fantastic food, Margaritas and their special cocktails. Best place to be for Cinco! I am always happy to drive over the causeway just to eat here. 
 Tortilla soup-4/5 a little spicy but oh so good.
Tacos- 5/5 just wish whole wheat was an option. But, always how you want them.
 Salsa-2/5 warm salsa shouldn't be a thing.
 Margarita-5/5 always get one to go! 
 Nachos-3/5 too smoky not enough queso type cheese. 
 Cheese grits-4/5 get double and eat with chips(needs salt) and/or put it in your tacos!Was far from what i expected. If you're expecting Mexican flavour, pass. The wait staff was excellent. The drinks (margaritas) were great, but the food was nothing worthy of trying again.This was my second trip here in general and it didn't exceed my expectations. Ally was our server and she was phenomenal. She is the reason I have this review Four stars. The drinks were GREAT. The food, specifically the cheese grits, were out of this world. My only bad experience was this guy in the photos below. I guess he was the food runner. VERY RUDE. No communication skills whatsoever. He couldn't even take a few seconds to ask which dish was for which member in my party. He truly soured the entire experience. If you can find a way to avoid him at all costs, please do so!!I don't understand why this place is so popular. We went for a late lunch and it was still a 20 mins wait. 
Anyways, I attached a pic of their bizarre combination of baby shrimp- tiny!- with pickled onion and some sort of white sauce. Can't eat it!  The pork pilbil was dry but at least it was edible.
My child who loves Mexican rice didn't eat it since she said it has no flavor! We don't make a habit of returning food to the kitchen but her kid's chicken quesadilla came burnt! Even my husband's chicken fajita came with burnt pieces. The kitchen must be rushing the food by turning up the heat.
Also, the inside of the restaurant is lighted so dimly but it you look at the lights, they are so dusty and had cobwebs. That's probably why the lights are so dim. The place is dirty!
Anyways, what a disappointment! Not going back!!Both of the hostess and my waitress were rude for no reason. Acted annoyed that we were coming to eat there since we had a big party (15). Eye rolling, cutting me off, and ignoring me when i said thank you for escorting us to our seats. Only getting two stars because the food is good.It sucks that this place is so beautiful and has so much potential, yet it has terrible reviews. You won't really understand until you come and try it. The fact of the matter is, this place is just so beautiful. Whoever was so creative in decorating this place did a spectacular job. Just as all the other Yelpers have said, that only gets you so far. Everything is so overpriced. It'd be a different thing if the food was actually worth what you paid. It doesn't blow your mind enough to say "wow, yea that meal and that drink was with $40 just for me." 
If you want to get great Mexican food for the same price, go to El Gato Negro. That place is not only worth going to but worth the price. I wish I could've said better things about this place, but I'm no liar. I'm not going to make this place seem amazing when it's not. The food just didn't do it for me. The best thing I had on the menu was the queso dip and the guacamole as our appetizer. 
I hope this place gets its act together as far as the food and drinks are concerned. Either the prices need to be lowered or the quality of the food needs to blow my socks off. I wish them luck!One of my favorite places for good Mexican food in the city. Great atmosphere as well.I've been missing Tex-Mex for so long and this place hits the spot. The tortilla soup was spot-on, exactly what you'd get in Texas. The Dip trio is fantastic. I had the brisket tacos, he had the Mayan Quesadillas it was all great. Bryson and Gina took exceptional care of us at the bar. We'll be back!Completely unprofessional, take out was missing several order pieces and when I asked the waiter to correct it he blatantly lied to me. When I called him out on this he reluctantly pushed it onto someone else. Lack of integrity from the staff, extreme wait time for food, NOT WORTH IT.I've been going to Velvet Cactus for almost 3 years. The quality of food is consistently good. 
I grew up on Tex-Mex (high and low quality) and traditional Mexican food from my home. I'm not writing this review comparing VC to my previous Mexican food history. 
 With that being said I'm going to highlight why I gave them 4 stars. 
Chef Tacos: Ever wonder what your favorite dish would taste like if you wrapped it in a tortilla? I would swing by this place to find out. Thai food in a taco? Delicious.  Smoked BBQ brisket in a taco? Done. Shrimp po'boy taco...dressed? Hell to the yeah! 
Margaritas: Excellent selection of tequila and flavors to accommodate their happy hours. They have a solid house marg sans the orange. 
Art decor: This place is very aesthetically please to the eyes. Large amounts of local art strung throughout the place. It's nice dine and drink and say, "Hey! I've seen that piece before!" They also have "The Kramer."
Also, ask for Brent! He's amazing!I like the outdoor area. We went on a Sunday and sat outside. I had the pineapple cilantro margarita. Ceviche was good. Chips and salsa average. I have had better Mexican. Fun place. Food just ok.Great food.  Loved the decor.  Lots of food per dish and the queso dip was wonderful.  It only gets 4 stars because it is one of the noisiest places I've been to and parking was a challenge.  That wouldn't keep me from coming back but I wouldn't bring my elderly mother and aunt with me next time.  It was very hard to hold a conversation at the table.  But the food was really good.Its been a while since I had been here but my return visit today reminded me of the cool artsy decor and top notch patio. The music selection is lively and they have TVs on the patio and bar to watch sports. The food can be a little hit or miss but overall fresh good quality Mexican food. Defiantly worth checkin out.So it's been about 2 1/2 years since we last came to velvet cactus. Mainly because we dreaded the long hour wait for a table because of how popular it is.
Well we went again last night and to our surprise, we were seated right away. Our server came right over and took our drink orders, then brought the drinks to our table within a minute or so. Took our appetizer and main dish orders and our food was ready within 10 minutes.
I got the Mayan quesadillas   and they were amazing! Best quesadillas I have  ever had! My husband got the pork tacos with the fried sweet plantains and beans and he said his was amazing too. For the appetizer, we had the queso and that was delicious too.
We will definitely be coming back more often now!! Great service, great good!!I knew the reviews weren't great, but decided to give this place a try. And it was packed on a Thursday night...maybe it's because of their extensive outdoor seating and the gorgeous weather.  We ended up inside, but that' was OK since the enormous garage doors were open.
The chips were delicious, very fresh and tasty. The salsa was a bit meh, but OK.  We had a couple of different tacos..fried fish was deemed OK, the grilled shrimp were really tasty, the vegetarian tacos...were really weird and odd tasting.  And the baja quesadilla was gone so I'm guessing it was good.  The tres leches cake was served in a bowl of milk which may be off putting for some.
Big warning...the sangrias here are fortified. The white sangria has a lot of rum and the red has brandy.  So be prepared for that...I should have read the menu better.
Service was indifferent to odd.My family and I love the Velvet Cactus, the outdoor seating is perfect for New Orleans when the weather cooperates and there is indoor seating and a great bar as well.  My husband and I always get the nachos and share them, it's a huge portion and makes a meal for the two of us.  My favorite margarita is the Velvet Heat, it has habanero infused simple syrup, just enough heat.  I also love the skinnyrita a frozen margarita made in house that is only 100 calories.Our group thought the visit was great! We had various margaritas and the sangria (delicious) and then we had dinner and loved the tacos off the taco plates menu - fun combinations! I had mine with the tortilla soup which I really liked. Specifically, the smoked brisket taco was a big hit!Don't bother eating a full meal here. After my blissful happy hour experience, I returned a couple of weeks later for dinner and was very disappointed.  The food was good, but the portions were small and overpriced.  We very much enjoyed the ceviche, though, and the chips and salsa were super delicious - I'd stick by the appetizers & come for drinks but never a meal.We had to give this place a few months after opening for it to "calm down" and actually be able to get a table without having to resort to violence or bribery.  I left thinking "That was it?  That was what all of the hullabaloo was about?"
From the street, this place looks mammoth but once you're in it, the size literally shrinks in front of you.  There is an awesome patio and luckily when we went the weather was bearable to dine al freso.  This place is extremely casual and more like an after-work, grab a few beers and tacos with friends, and call it a night.  If you're looking for a romantic dinner place to propose to your fiance, do yourself a favor and ask him/her in the car!
I guess there was soo much buzz about this place before it opened that the final product was a bit of a let-down, or maybe just not what I expected.  With that being said, the food was just ok.  The guacamole was bland but the salsa that came with the chips was rockin'.  I ordered the fish tacos and my date ordered the shrimp corona,  I know my date wasn't too thrilled with her meal but I don't remember the specifics of the complaints.  However, I do remember mine.  The fish was breaded in unseasoned flour which was a let down, but the sauce and the rest of the taco was incredible.  The side i chose was the grilled veggies served on a kabob.  I couldn't eat them.  There was so much seasoning the vegetables were inedible.
The service was right on and in general I do like the vibe of the laid back, bar/TV watching atmosphere.  The servers are dressed in t-shirts but they are all the same and the overall the front of the house seemed to be running like a well oiled machine.  I can't give this place more than 3 stars because the food was sub-par, at best. I will be back for a few beers and a taco, though.There was a 45 minute wait for a table, which considering we arrives at 7:30 on a Saturday is not too bad. My husband grabbed drinks from the bar and it was an enjoyable wait outside in the restaurants atmosphere. My husband got a cucumber jalapeno margarita and loved it. He says it had just the right amount of spice. 
As with most Mexican restaurants, you get chips & salsa upon being seated. The salsa was very yummy. We ordered cup of queso and it was some of the best I've had. 
I ordered their dinner combo, the Rico Suave. It comes with 2 enchiladas + 1 taco. I chose beef for both and asked for rice & refried beans as my sides. I like to compare a basic beef taco, rice, & bean combo at every Mexican restaurant I eat at. I read up on reviews before eating here and went into it expecting to be disappointed in some way. That way ended up being that they gave me their chipotle cheddar grits + drunken beans rather than my rice + beans, but their grits are just so good I didn't speak up to tell them. The enchiladas were exactly what you would want from a beef enchilada and the taco included black olives instead of tomatoes. I think I don't want to eat a taco any other way now. 
Everyone else in my party loved their orders and the prices are so good for the amount & quality of food that you get. We plan to return soon (when I'm not pregnant so I can also enjoy a jalapeno margarita).delicious food and margs! the jerk chicken skewers, cerviche, healthy heart chicken dish and Guac are my favs!Mexican food with a funky New Orleans twist. Food was great, service was even better, just not quite a 5 star meal. Probably just because I am used to getting Mexican food so inexpensively and this was a little pricey for Mexican food though only by Mexican food standards. The place was very cleverly decorated and we loved the wait staff uniforms. They each had on a black t-shirt from a favorite band. Overall a good experience and would be a 4.5 if I could but just shy of the 5.I love this place. The funky setting, great drinks and delicious food. Awesome patio to relax on during longer wait times. 
If you're sensitive to noise, this place is not ideal.Great local place to go. The Ambiance is great and the food always consistent.I actually enjoy myself when I go here. The Margeritas are delicious! And I love the atmosphere with the outdoor patio and fountain. The wait staff is friendly and the service is fantastic. 
The reason I'm giving it a 3/5 is the food. When the place first opened, the menu was simple and delicious. As most successful restaurants do, they added more to the menu. However, I miss the simplicity of the place. I also had the veggie tacos, and it was OVERLOADED with mushrooms. It tasted so slimy I was practically gagging throughout the meal. I would have sent it back, but we were pressed for time. The taco soup, however, was delicious. 
I'm definitely going to go back but only to drink. I'm STILL nauseous when I think of the slimy, mushroom taco. YUCK!Usually not a big fan of Mexican food but this place is pretty good. They're always busy and offer inside and outside seating with a great atmosphere.
Parking. Exiting from the side parking is weird.Don't believe the naysayers. It's a fun, exciting experience. The atmosphere rates a 5 out of 5. The food, a 4 of 5. The service is pretty darn good, considering how busy they were. Prices are reasonable. You feel like you're on vacation when you're there!! :-)Cute
Lots of variety
Patron margaritas are delicious
Atmosphere good
We had shrimp tacos, fried chicken tacos & steak tacos
Nachos sampler 
All good
Price was decent 
Parking easyThe place is beautiful, but the food is very disappointing. First of all, we were seated, served chips and salsa, and then didn't see a server for at least 10 minutes. It seems that no one knew who was waiting on our table. But on to the food: The chips & salsa and the queso w/ beef were the highlights of the meal. I ordered the steak and shrimp fajitas, and my friend had the three enchiladas plate (pork, cheese, and ground beef). The waiter said how great the burrocha (sp?) beans were, so I tried them - NOT TASTY AT ALL. My friend had the black beans, and they almost tasted the same- bland. There is nothing about this restaurant that would make me want to go back. I'd much rather eat at El Gato Negro, Superior Grill, or Juan's.I've been to the velvet cactus multiple times since they opened a few years ago but today was probably the best experience I've ever had. Although they are a little overpriced for Mexican food, due to the area they are located in I don't blame them. But our service was phenomenal! From the minute we sat down until we had to check out with the waiter. Shout out to Dane! He was so attentive and refilled the chips when he saw that all was left was broken ones. The family grill plate is perfect for a family of four! Such a family friendly restaurant and can't wait to come back.Go here for the drink specials and chips & salsa. Skip the food!!
Darn, I really thought was going to love this place. I have wanted to go here for a long time. Artsy/Quirky/Colorful and Mexican food is totally up my alley! The food though.. ugh, just doesn't cut it.
I knew I wanted to come here for my birthday. Being from Southern California, I know good Mexican food and this place is not serving it. I checked out the website way in advance and signed up for their birthday coupon. (Cool idea by the way!) They emailed me a coupon when my birthday was near for either a free house Margarita or a dessert under $8.00.
We drove over on a Wednesday evening and the place was packed. The parking is a cluster f**k but we lucked out and got a spot in front. We chose to sit on the patio as it is absolutely gorgeous. I give 5 stars for the patio! There are trees covering the area with all kinds of colorful lights strewn across. They have fans all around and the temperature was fine. There is a decorative fountain on one side and they play good music. The whole place is very noisy but the patio is a tiny bit quieter.
The waiter brought us a very large bowl of chips and salsa. Yay!! He took our order and wrote nothing down. Which, of course led him to forget my free drink. I hoped to get the Watermelon Margarita they featured - willing to pay the extra balance on it, but he said no substitutions. Grr... My only choice was whether I wanted it on the rocks or frozen. I chose on the rocks. I had to remind him twice to bring it. The food came out so quick, that by the time he finally brought it - it was kind of late. It was SUPER strong! Yikes! I can see why everyone comes here to drink!
The food...ugh - I'd give it 2 stars. I got the combination plate with enchiladas and a grilled fish taco. The taco was edible. The enchiladas were so-so. The refried beans were disgusting and had an awful taste. My boyfriend got 2 appetizers as his dinner. He got the chicken flautas. We are used to flautas being fried only in their flour tortilla. These were in a batter and fried - not very good. He also got some fried crawfish thing that was sort of like a fried burrito with something..also covered in a batter. I don't recall the odd name, but we couldn't eat it. It tasted lousy. He said the only good thing he ate were the chips. Bummer..
We probably won't be coming back here. However, I did love that patio and the Fiestaware dishes they served the food on!!I really really want to like this place. Been here a few times - cute patio - good service - good drinks but...... The food is the weirdest tex/mex ...... The brisket enchilada tastes like I should be eating a bbq sandwich but with the wrong sauce - the steak taco was over seasoned beef with a fake fajita flavor bathed in a really heavy chipotle mayo (wth??) chunk of mango and so many slices of jalapeño it was inedible - the guac was good but the salsa is served warm (again wth???) the 2 enchiladas (1green & 1 red) was covered with so much cheese you couldn't tell by looking at it what was what. The food feels like someone is trying too hard to be too creative and messing it up - sometimes less flavors is more folks - and I love tex/mex - this food is just weird. Good service and atmosphere though.The customer service was excellent !!! The food was great !!! We had a nice waiter and he explain to us what to order . We are going backVegan tacos + strong drinks = good out of the norm place to go
I was so excited to go here as I had heard so much hype around it.  I loved their vegan tacos and I am so glad they had them on the menu.  Their drinks were super strong which is good but be careful!  Over all the food and drinks and chips were excellent.  
My one negative to this place is only negative because I am a vegetarian.  One of my coworkers had said that her dish was really smokey.  I don't eat meat so i wasnt worried.  That was until the entire room smelled like smoked meat.  It took my breath away and even my meat eating friends were thrown by it.  It went away after about 5 minutes but i will have to say it was a bit unpleasant.  No one at my table had even ordered anything yet!
But back to the good.  I would highly recommend this place to people looking for a new spot for food and drinks.  They are still seating people outside with heaters so get there early if you want to eat without a blanket around you.  I will def go back and get the vegan tacos and only one drink this time!As far as New Orleans Mexican goes, this is some of the best I've had. There aren't too many options for Mexican here, at least not as many as Atlanta, and since this place is a little further out, I didn't try it until this last year. They have a really cool space that seems out in the middle of nowhere to me, but my friend lives in Uptown so I'm used to being in the city. The space is half inside, half a gorgeous patio (that sadly weather has not allowed me to sit on yet!) and the decor is very cool. I believe everything inside is by local artists and I really love looking at all the different perspectives. 
For drinks, naturally I gravitate towards the margaritas. I've been twice and have tried both the Original and Skinny (can't recall the official name) frozen margaritas. Anywhere that offers a skinny FROZEN marg is ok by me. It definitely tastes sugar free, but is packed with alcohol. I also tried the white sangria last night (ordered red, but you know), and I was not a fan. It was much too sweet for me, but I'm usually not a fan of white sangria in general so if that's your jam, you should probably try it.
Their nachos are amazing. I mean I just cannot say enough good things. Even the veggie nachos are jam packed with the toppings (which include both queso AND melted cheese). The olives really add a nice salty touch. Also, they add a ridiculous amount of jalepenos, which are my favorite part of nachos. Some places will just give you 5 slices on top, but not here! 
Service has been consistent and friendly. Even when it is packed they are always super courteous and on top of things. A must try, even with the drive!One of my all time favorites. Atmosphere is amazing. Sit outside on a nice evening and take in the artwork, breeze, and chatter of the people.
Drinks are great, food is better.
The Tex mex egg rolls and raspberry sauce are amaze-balls. 
Everything else on the menu is good too. 
Perfect place for a 2-3 hour dinner and drinks.Super busy with their bogo Margarita Wednesday.  The drinks were fabulous.  Everything tasted very fresh and I had this watermelon fresco appetizer that was unique and delicious.  Salsa and chips are served warm and they never stop coming.  I had the steak fajitas and seasoning was perfect.  I would say this place is worth the wait for the food.  They even have a game out front to play and this place is so kid friendly they brought in some princesses to treat the kids.   Seems like a fun place with great food.   Got my picture take with Alice Carroll (one of the  "Princesses")  I'm a huge Alice in Wonderland fan and that just tickled me pink.  
For desert I had a great icecream dish with cinnamon sugar tortilla chips.  Nice finisher.I love Velvet Cactus! Their salsa is unique and smokey which I definitely now crave! This time I tried the chef's taco which was coffee rubbed smoked turkey, baby kale, pumpkin aioli, and apple cranberry slaw. It was incredible and that's what I love about New Orleans everyone plays with flavor combos to make one of a kind eats! Even they're margaritas are unique I really like the cucumber jalapeño margarita! I also got the chipotle chicken taco, the habanero pineapple relish is awesome.Chowed down on the complimentary chips and salsa hard. Can't remember if it was that delicious or if I was just that starving. Ordered the taco plate (fish and fried chicken strip) with yellow rice and plantains. Thoroughly enjoyed the tacos and plantains. So tasty with fresh ingredients and fresh sauce. Rice wasn't anything special. I should've gotten plantains as both my sides instead. Frozen strawberry margarita came in a cold mug, tasted great, and was definitely strong. Sadly, I'm a light drinker, so I couldn't finish it. 
Came on a Friday night, and it was packed. Had to park on the street like three blocks away. This place has great ambiance and awesome food. It was worth the ~40 minute wait with six of us.Came here with my gf and a friend.  We all ended up getting salads oddly enough.  The free chips and salsa is very good, and they give you all you want.  I got the Cilantro Lime Salad and it was very good.  I also got our friend's Taco Salad leftovers and enjoyed them later.  The service was good, food was good.  Seems a little pricey to me.They have great atmosphere, love this place. Great service, food, and drinks. Great patio too. They have art for sale on the walls.Went here for the first time today.  Sat outside under an umbrella and there were fans blowing so it wasn't terrible even at noon. 
Service was attentive and polite. 
Crawfish bandito appetizer was large enough that I had it as an entree. Was tasty and well seasoned Cajun style more than Mexican, like a Cajun crawfish chimi. Would definitely recommend it. 
Had a side of fried plantains and they were chunks of yum. 
I'm sure I will return here again.Friday night date.. absolutely loved this place. The look is fresh and vibe is very relaxed. We had a 40 minute wait (expected on a Friday night) but the bar kept us company :) We both commented that the drinks (get the pineapple cilantro margarita!) almost made us glad we had to wait! Great meal, large portions.. I had lunch for the next day!my absolute FAV restaurant...been here over 20 times & the food...service..& atmosphere is always perfect! every single person I've ever told about this restaurant has also fallen in love! the VELVET STEAK TACOS are a must!!!! and the trio dip as an appetizer!!!Wonderful dinning experience and our waitress (Ariana) was very accommodating.
We'll be back! :)Absolutely love this place! The atmosphere is lively and family-friendly. The service is amazing. And the food is authentic. My hienas and I have been in a few times,  each time trying something new,  and we've never been disappointed.  The fajitas, enchiladas, quesadillas, and the queso have been our favorites thus far.  The beverage menu has also been consistently pleasing. I definitely recommend it to everyone.Service was awful. They sat us outside under the trees and birds crapped on us the entire meal. The $13 "handcrafted" margarita tastes like nothing but orange liqueur. It was awful. 
The shrimp tacos were so salty you could hardly eat them. The quesadilla wasn't terrible but that's about the best thing I can say. 
Won't be back.I've come here a couple of times before, and to be honest, the only thing that has impressed me was the décor and atmosphere. Other than that, everything is mediocre considering how nicely decorated this place is.
First off, the food: It was just meh, okay. Most recently, I got the shrimp quesadilla with chicken tortilla soup lunch special. Well, something that kinda weirded me out about this was that I was led on to believe that I had a choice of different soups because that is what the menu said. When I told our waiter that "I guess I'll have the chicken tortilla soup" while looking at the menu for their other soups, he replied, "Yeah, that's really the only soup we have." WHAT?!?! Keep in mind that they have an entire section devoted to "Soups" Yet, there is only one soup listed. The other "soup" is chili. I'm sorry, but chili is not soup unless it's super greasy, and that's just gross. Please offer more soups on your menu please so we have more options to choose from when deciding what soup we want to go with our meal or just say that it comes with the chicken tortilla soup .
Moving on, the food was not that great. I've had better shrimp quesadillas. To be honest, I've had better plain and simple cheese quesadillas for that matter. Oh and that chicken tortilla soup was probably one of the worst chicken tortilla soups I've ever had. Not to mention, that most chicken tortilla soups have a reddish-brown color. This one was DARK BROWN, and it only slightly tasted like chicken tortilla soup.
Other experiences we've had coming here included my mom ordering some sort of taco salad that didn't come with any meat in it. I don't know if I've ever heard of a taco salad without some meat in it. I'm pretty sure they forgot to put it in there. Oh and for a Mexican restaurant, they have one of the worst margaritas I've ever had. Although, I heard their other drinks are pretty good.
Overall, their service is pretty good. If I come back here, it's because it's not far from my house and I'm probably grabbing a drink with a friend or something because the atmosphere is REALLY NICE. But I won't come here to eat. There are way too many good Mexican restaurants in this city to waste it on mediocre wanna-be Mexican food.I was curious about this place after passing through Lakeview a few weeks ago.  I'm a little hesitant to go out to the 'burbs' when there are so many good places close by, but it looked cool and I wanted to give it a shot.  Unfortunately, I just found another reason, not to cross City Park Ave. 
The Good: 
The space was very well done. It had a patio feel very similar to the Bulldog, only here its a tequila bottle fountain instead of beer taps. There was lots of reclaimed wood, intricate brickwork, a bejeweled motorcycle, glass garage doors overlooking the patio. The service was good considering that the place was packed. We got our drinks and food pretty quick. 
The Bad: 
The food was a huge disappointment. It had great presentation, but in New Orleans, fancy presentation doesn't count for much if it doesn't taste good. It wasn't that bad, really, but it's on par with Tex Mex at any major chain restaurant.  The ingredients seemed fresh, but not really put together well. I never realized how good Juan's was, until we came here. For dessert we ordered the churros...what a joke. The waitress came back with a full size plate that had 6 french fry sized "churros" on it. They were stacked up log cabin style around some chocolate sauce. I tried my best not to laugh. One of the worst $5 I have ever spent.
This might be a great place for the Lakeview people that don't want to leave their enclave and go to 'the city', but the quality is seriously lacking.  All style and no substance.  Head down Harrison Ave. to El Gato Negro for a far better alternative.Great margaritas but pretty average mexican food. Fun atmosphere out on the patio on a nice night, just be prepared for a lot of noise when it get's crowded. I might have given it a 4 star rating if they didn't get rid of the my favorite menu item, the Louisiana Boil Quesadilla. I'll be back out of convenience, but hope the quality improves.The food was good but our service was mediocre and the appetizers and entrees came out within seconds of each other.  The velvet heat drink was pretty awful.  The artwork however was awesome, but expensive.  The coutyard was really nice, wish we'd have sat out thereWow! This place is delicious! We got the mixed grill and had a ton of food to take home. It included ribs, fajita chicken, fajita beef, shrimp, veggie skewer, cole slaw, and four sides. Yummy! The shrimp were stupid good. I would've taken a picture, but we dug in too quickly. I will admit the rum mojito was sub-par, but I guess it's my fault for not getting a tequila drink. We'll definitely be back.Friendly bartenders. Great salsa and unusually salty but good chips. Quesadillas very good.Enjoyed the food here the three times I've been, BUT we've never had to wait long. Don't think I'd wait more than 30-45 minutes for a table. I really love the fish and shrimp tacos. They're larger than average taco size and full of flavor and veggies. The sides can be small, but are always tasty. The table stays full of chips and salsa, but I recommend ordering the guac - the freshness is worth the extra $. 
Drinks are good, but I wouldn't visit just for drinks. This is a place to go with a group, or friends, for a really fun, funky experience. The art on the wall could keep you entertained your whole meal. The service has always been really friendly and attentive. 
One time we were there when it started randomly raining, and our server ran to and from the kitchen in the rain for us to get us boxes for our food (we were under the sort of covered wall area). Definitely tipped extra that time!Love their margaritas, strong and just the right amount of acidity and not too sweet. Tex mex eggrolls and the island jerk chicken are my absolute favorite, entrees are a little bit pricey with less portions compared to other Mexican restaurant around town but the food taste good so that makes up for it. I'm a big fan of the Cabo Quesadilla mixed shrimp and bacon together is divine and the decor inside  is fun and funky and their service is always friendly. Wait time for a table can be long wait especially if they're busy so I suggest get a margarita in the bar while you wait for your table LOL.Love this place! I love the outdoor patio seating and the food (and drinks!!) is great. I got the Chicken Pablo (chicken with veggies and a jalapeño cream sauce) with a side of tortilla soup, all of which was delicious. I highly recommend this place!! Definitely one of my favorite Mexican food spots in the cityPlease check out Lauren O's review.  My quesadilla was as burnt as her chicken.  What restaurant does that?  And then, to have a bulldog General Manager defend it is shocking.  I own a restaurant, and I would never let food out of the kitchen like that.  I would appoligize and comp the entree.I'm from Houston and I would say this is the Best Mexican restaurant in Nola by a landslide.This place gets 3 stars because of its great atmosphere, and great service. If I had to base it on the food it would be maybe 1.5 stars, and that would be due to the creativity they have. I would go back for drinks and appetizers but only that. Friends of mine raved about the food here, but I just didn't think it was anything special.I always really enjoy eating here.  The drinks are great, food is great, and the atmosphere is really fun.  The outdoor dining area is really nice,  and the decor is very unique. The parking lot is tiny,  but there is always side street parking available nearby. Usually really great service. I enjoy it :)The food at Velvet Cactus is so good. It's almost like Mexican, redone. I haven't had a bad meal there-the waiters and waitresses are really great! The hostesses could be a little more friendly though.We decided on this place for a ladies night with good recommendations. And it was great. The food, cocktails, and service were all good. If you go get the Taco Salad with grilled portobellos so Yum!If you want good Mexican food and some bomb margaritas for a good price this is the place to go. The inside is decorated with lots of local art and it's a great atmosphere, very colorful, nice and spacious, always full of lively people. There is also a really nice, shaded patio with a fountain for guests to sit outside as well as a nice bar with a good assortment of booze. The margaritas are pretty awesome and the frozen ones are massive. I've gotten the shrimp and chicken quesadillas multiple times which have consistently been really, really good. The nachos are also good and the portions they give you are great for the price. Service is also always good and attentive! 
Also, be sure to check out any drink deals they might be having or special events. They recently had a bunch of drink specials for Cinco de Mayo with live music outside in their parking area and it was a lot of fun.This was hopefully my only experience here. The food was way overpriced, and the service, while polite enough, was rushed. We barely had time to breathe before they were rushing us out the door. Also, they do NOT cater to large groups well.It's not my favorite place to come to for food,  but it is a great place for drinks! The outdoor patio is great for sipping on a margarita and they have a few options to choose from, even a skinny rita so you don't feel as bad for eating all those chips. They offer a good happy hour and good daily drink specials. The salsa is always warm, so I'm guessing that its on purpose now.The food has gotton better since it first opened. We always go early since the place becomes a mad house after 6:30pm just about every day of the week.  The Dip Trio of queso/beans/guac is fantastic. All of thier tacos are good as well with the fish and chickin ones being the best.  Great place to go with friends and drinks and eat chips.I give this place 4 starts based on ambience atmosphere and service.  in all honesty taste like every other Mexican restaurant. Except for the salsa. Salsa is very good. But kinda pricey compared to others tex mex  restaurantsGreat art!
great staff, fast fast service, and great margaritas..
wonderful ambiance and great art.
if you haven't been?    get there.I love velvet cactus for a lot of reasons, but two of my top ones are BOGO margaritas and their tacos. 
I frequent here on Wednesdays solely for their BOGO margaritas. Their margaritas are ON POINT. When you drink two, you feel it in the best way possible. They are just the right mixture of strong and refreshing. They also have skinny-Rita's, when you don't want to feel too guilty about all that sugar. 
I love that they have so much more than your regular Mexican restaurant. Their tacos, especially the chef special, have never disappointed me. Their cheese grits are spicy and delicious, as well as their plantains.
We always start out with the dip trio, because who doesn't love dip? It's their guacamole, queso and bean dip: HEAVEN.
One star off due to the service, especially at the bar. It's not a constant, but a few times I have been to the bar, looked at, and completely ignored. When I finally get their attention they look super aggravated. This has happened during busy and slow times, and multiple people around were discussing the same thing. I have always had pretty good service when sitting on the patio or inside, though.
Either way, great atmosphere, great food, great drinks.I loved this place!
Great outdoor seating and atmosphere. The margaritas and sangria were very good and decent price. We had the sampler dip platter  which was perfect- very fresh guacamole.
Service was a little slow, but i'd recommend it.I haven't even started my meal and i'm wildly impressed with our server Matthew! My friend spilled salsa on herself and he immediately got seltzer for her. He helped me remember what i got last time even though i could only remember a few decidedly unhelpful details. I love this place and will definitely ask for him next time i come back!Food is great! Service is great! Lucas and Chris were nice and had great customer service!Gotta give this place 5 stars. We ordered some sort of Mexican platter to share and the selection was outstanding. I'm really picky but the fried plantains were perfect, the cheese grits dangerously good, black beans savory.. And those were just the sides. The meat and veggies were grilled perfectly. It was noisy out on the patio but we could still talk without shouting, inside was worse. Service overall pretty good, only had to find the waitress once, but that was ok. Would go back.NACHOS!! NACHOS!!! NACHOS!!! I mean like, a mountain of nachos.  Like so big that the heavy guy at the table next to us laughed out loud and made some crack - though I'm pretty sure he was just jealous.  I didn't know what was white queso and what was sour cream.  They were layered.  I'm salivating so much I don't think I can finish explaining how good they are. 
Ok so the first time I came I ordered a cheese quesadilla, which was good, cheesy, expected.  An order of nachos caught my eye and I made a mental note that I am coming right back as soon as I want to eat nachos the size of a watermelon.  
The pineapple basil margarita.  Ick.  Stick with nachos...skip the chips and weird/warm/runny salsa you get when you sit down - you don't want to fill up!!OMG! I thoroughly enjoyed this dining experience!!!  I happened upon this restaurant on my way to Mondo across the street (review to come) and made note that I wanted to check it out.  From the reviews on YELP, I wasn't so sure that it would be that good but I tried it last night and I can't wait to return.
The decor is artsy, unique and hip.  I didn't sit outside but there were water sprayers blowing over the patio to keep everyone cool.  Love that they took the time to bother with that considering we're all melting down here!!  
Where do I start....???  The chips and salsa were so yummy! It wasn't your typical pico that comes to each table at a Mexican restaurant but a more specialty salsa.  LOVED IT!  
Next we ordered the queso.  My boyfriend and I typically rate Mexican restaurants on their queso and Velvet Cactus DELIVERED!  Their queso was to die for.  I'm seriously plotting the next time I can tear into a bowl!!
I ordered the taco salad for dinner and still wasn't disappointed.  The one thing keeping my rating from 5 stars is the alcohol.  I had a sangria and he a margarita.  Both were tasty but lacked the punch we New Orleanians look for :)  But that's easily remedied by simply ordering a Corona or glass of vino.
I truly can't wait to get back here.  It's so hard to find delicious and cool Mexican restaurants but I think we just did!Truly excellent. From the decor to the service to the tastes to the price, a nice experience. Baby friendly, too. Very good chips and salsa to start, plus frozen margarita (yum!). Then I had the ceviche and the fish tacos, all of which were delicious.The Velvet Cactus is the BEST!!!   The food is sooooo good, the drinks are awesome, especially the Velvet hammock the atmosphere is the best.  Sitting outside and enjoying great food and drinks can't be beat.  Staff is very friendly with great service. Can't wait to go back!I LOVE it here. The scenery, the atmosphere, the food, the drinks all around is amazing! We love doing Girls night's out here!This place is so bad, I keep watching for candid camera. 75 bucks for bad nacho cheese, worse enchiladas, boracho beans (barfracho) and a 16 buck pink margarita.  All to be swarmed by gnats. Lol. Ouch.I know a lot of people don't like the food here but I always get the same thing:
Dip Trio ($10), Deep South ($4.5) and the Velvet Steak ($4.50).
Sometimes the service is slow, sometimes the service is too fast (getting tacos before the app is done), and sometimes everything is perfect. 
If you sign up for their email list, you get a free dessert or marg on your b-day, anniversary, mother's day and father's day.I was curious about this place after passing through Lakeview a few weeks ago.  I'm a little hesitant to go out to the burbs when there are so many good places close by, but it looked cool and I wanted to give it a shot.  Unfortunately, I just found another reason, not to cross City Park Ave. 
The Good: 
The space was very well done. It had a patio feel very similar to the Bulldog, only here its a tequila bottle fountain instead of beer taps. There was lots of reclaimed wood, intricate brickwork, a bejeweled motorcycle, glass garage doors overlooking the patio. The service was good considering that the place was packed. We got our drinks and food pretty quick. 
The Bad: 
The food was a disappointment. It had great presentation, but in New Orleans, fancy presentation doesn't count for much if it doesn't taste good. It wasn't bad, really, but it's on par with Tex Mex at any major chain restaurant. The ingredients seemed fresh, but not really put together well. I never realized how good Juan's was, until we came here. For dessert we ordered the churros...what a joke. The waitress came back with a full size plate that had 6 french fry sized "churros" on it. They were stacked up log cabin style around some chocolate sauce. I tried my best not to laugh. One of the worst $5 I have ever spent. 
Now, they haven't been open for too long, so I don't want to slam them too hard. Maybe they need some time to get their recipes straightened out, but for now I'll give them 1 star for the food and 2 for the atmosphere.The only reason to go out of your way to get here is the atmosphere. The decor is hip, but it only goes so far.
The food... well, depends on what you get. I got the combo enchiladas: pork, shrimp, and chicken. The chicken was a bit dry but tasty, the pork was pretty flavorful, but the shrimp and cheese mix did not pair well. The margarita was solid, but I'd rather Superior Grill's frozen margaritas. (For fancy margaritas, I recommend El Gato Negro.) My wife's beans and rice were just as good as any Tex-Mex joint, and the tortilla soup tasted like chicken noodle broth with flavorless vegetables. And the churros were way too sweet: they  tasted like cinnamon sticks you'd get from any chain pizza joint. They were served with a "chocolate cayenne sauce," but there wasn't a hint of spice at all.
If you're going for the atmosphere and to have a few margaritas with friends during a Saints game, fine. But I'm sure it'll be way crowded. We went on a Wednesday night, and I thought there was a line to get in. (Luckily, there wasn't, but I can only imagine what a Friday or Saturday night looks like.)Great atmosphere.  Pretty good service.   I really like their menu choices.   Food is great!   Their salsa for the chips isn't my favorite but it's good.   I wish the skewers were a little fresher.  Overall, I really like this place.  I will be back!We were staying at a friend's house in Lakeview over the weekend.  Wife and I ventured out to find lunch on Saturday and ended up at this place. Loved the atmosphere but oh my god the food was just awful.
I ordered a combination that included a couple of shrimp enchiladas and a half a steak quesadilla. I'm not sure if I can describe what the enchiladas tasted like but it is almost like all I could taste was flour. So strange. The quesadilla was alright but how can that be messed up? The steak was seasoned well enough and the rest is just cheese and tortilla. Tough to screw up.
Wife had a chicken enchilada and taco combination and she said her enchiladas were awful as well. I just took her word for it and didn't try them.
The beans.... Do they stir cream cheese up in them or something? That's what it appeared to be anyway. Just strange and terrible.
The only reason I'd ever return to this place is just to have some drinks on their patio. It was probably the worst Mexican food I've ever had which admittedly would include Ponchos.We love Velvet Cactus! Their patio is awesome. Their drinks are awesome and their food is great. Our son loves to play the outdoor games while we wait and it's a nice distraction. Very family friendly which we are grateful for. Service can be hit or miss that is my only negative about this place. 
For take out you have to order in person which we aren't a huge fan of but we understand. The family grill platter is a perfect take out item with lots of leftovers.Cocktails/Drinks are awesome..The food is ok...we just go for the Margarita's !The worst!!!!! The service was great but... Third time ate here waited to give opinion thought maybe just hit on a bad night the food is aweful I just don't know what meat was in my taco! I am so miserable right now I can't stand it. The bar is great from now on I will go to bar but eat somewhere elseI wish the designer of the restaurant would have designed the food, because then it would be worth going back.  5 star design, but 2 star food quality/value and service.
The food is tex-mex, which isn't necessarily my thing, and is quite pricey.  I agree with many other yelpers that the food isn't terrible, its just not excellent.
Also, this place violates my rule of ethnic food restaurants: it is best for those working in the restaurant to be of the same ethnicity as the food.  If I want pho, its best at a Vietnamese-run restaurant.  Same goes for Chinese, soul food, Indian, etc. I just wish my server would have had a Spanish accent instead of a yat.
Maybe one day I'll give them another shot and see if they've improved.Nice decor and ambience but food is mediocre at best. El Gato Negro slightly better food. Still a big void for Mexican in the area.My first food experience at Velvet Cactus was not very good. I had ordered the chicken enchiladas and it was overly salty. The black beans that came with my dish were also cold and hard, tasting like they came straight out of a can. My friend that was with me also complained about her beans. We were also disappointed because we had come for lunch and our plate portions which were surprisingly small were around $14 each.  When I say small, the enchiladas were slightly larger than small egg roll and the rice was about the size of a small sauce dish. The up-sides of my first experience were the quick and prompt service, the chips and salsa, and the funky artwork.
My second experience at Velvet Cactus was for my friend's birthday, she really wanted a place with margaritas and decent food, and by word of mouth from other friends had decided this was the spot to go.
This time around we ordered the family platter and a nacho platter as well as a couple of drinks. My friends commented that the drinks were okay, some of them seemed to be missing something or were overly sweet.   The family platter and nacho platter was plenty of food and the meat was good. I'd have to say the pork ribs on the family platter really stood out for me.
Service was good once the food was coming out, but we experienced a lull between ordering our initial drinks and ordering our food. I think our server actually disappeared for 15 minutes and we just sat and waited for him to come back so we could order our dishes.  I thought maybe there was a shift change or he was on a break, but either way someone should have been covering his section for him.
Because my second experience was better with the food, I would've bumped my rating up to 3 stars, but because some of my friends did complain about their drinks, and there was a long wait for us to make our orders, I'm going to stick with 2 stars.This is a neighborhood place for my friend. To not cook dinner we opted to head here. 
Great outdoor/indoor seating. We sat indoors in a booth which had plenty of room. We took her 3.5 year old son. The place is good for kids even though I rarely done with children. 
Chips and salsa to the table complimentary and we added queso. Add queso! Delicious! Apparently a few years ago the recipe was changed and people complained. I'm glad they did because I can't imagine altering this tasty bowl of goodness. 
I ordered the chef's taco which was a chicken mole and the grilled shrimp taco with plantains and the seasonal watermelon fresco salad. It was great. Very fresh with all ingredients. Mole was mild spice. Plantains were really good. Not too greasy, soft enough. 
Margarita on the rocks. I haven't had a margarita in a few years (after a breakup with tequila.) It was good. Not too sweet and the Orange slice is a nice addition and cuts the liquor taste. 
I would consider this place more a Tex-Mex with more on the Mex side, but all in all very good. Fairly priced with the two taco/two side being 12.99.Atmosphere is amazing but that is the only reason I would come here! The food is not anything special! The only thing that I get are the beef floutas, which is one of the appetizers and the margaritas. Those are good but everything else is way over priced and not that good. The tortilla soup was not worth 5 bucks. But the service and outside area are great!We love the cactus! Our server Brent was the best! He was so knowledgeable about the menu! We ordered the watermelon mint margarita which was amazing and the chef taco was delicious! The manager visited our table and our food was out in a timely manner! We recommend this neighborhood restaurant!Brought my brother here while he was in town. Had a pretty long wait but was not to bad, really enjoyed bar area and pre dinner drinks. The service was very good, our waiter was attentive and joked with us. Had the burrito and it was very good, not the best but good. Soup excellent and chips and salsa was the best! I would go back again for sure.This place was amazing.  The restaurant is an eclectic place, lots of quirky pop culture for the eyes.  The food was amazing and the service wonderful. The outdoor patio is a great place to sit.  They have an extensive margarita menu.  We chose the original,  and were not disappointed.  We went on a Thursday night and had to wait for about 30 minutes, be prepared, it is a busy place.Rarely do I go out of my way to give a bad review but I had been told by many friends to check out this restaurant so I feel the need to share my experience. Appetizers were OK, but when the main course was ready to come out the server said the kitchen had dropped my dish. This was not a problem, and I was happy to wait for them to remake it. They obviously put it back on the grill for a minute and then back plate because it came out 5 minutes later and badly burned to the point where it was completely black on top. There was also unidentifiable specs of burnt pieces and what I suspect was kitchen floor particles on the chicken. I did not eat it and the server was very obviously ignoring us after it was brought out as she was attentive before. When asking if we were ready for the check she asked if she could take the dish off. She seemed to do everything to avoid the topic of what was wrong with it.I'll be honest. This isn't the best Mexican I've had. But when I've gone to other Mexican  restaurants, sometimes my rice would be undercooked or I'd have some horrible experience with the general atmosphere of blaring Charo's greatest hits on repeat while I receive the grade school cafeteria beans that I used to toss at the kids on the next table who stole my lunch. So on a fundamental, basic level, Velvet Cactus cooked their food, cooked it well, and had a clean ambiance.
My mother is the type of woman who will like a restaurant if the newspaper favorably mentions it. So the first time I went, since we don't drink together, I only had the tacos. The steak taco was delicious and I believe I got another taco with ground beef--not quite as outstanding but delicious nonetheless. It was cheap too. Stuffed my face on chips, guacamole and salsa as well--salsa is regular restaurant style salsa. The guacamole, however, is pretty fantastic. The only thing that would have made the meal better is if my mother didn't try to talk about religion with me. But that is hardly the Velvet Cactus' fault.
The second time I went, I went with a big group of friends. And proceeded to commence Operation Liver Killer. The frozen margaritas are good--kind of hard to mess up. The Sangria was awesome. Their drink specials aren't cheap but for how much you're getting, they're not exorbitantly priced either. Oh, and more tacos. Are you sensing a pattern here? I proceeded to take a massive bite out of my boyfriend's burrito. It was good. I didn't hear angels crying and the gods singing, but it was good.
Ultimately, on a nice day, I'd stop by. It didn't blow my mind and I've seen very similar business models. But it's in a great location (Lakeview) with friendly staff (REALLY friendly staff who tolerate our shenanigans) with a great booze selection that makes me feel hungover thinking about it, Velvet Cactus would deserve an extra half star. If the food was punched up a notch, I think it would be a regular place to eat.It's a really average Mexican restaurant . The only good thing is its location and they have patio . Food is really salty and over cook . Waste  of time for Mexican foodI went for a light lunch. I shared the tortilla soup which was amazing and had the Tampico salad. I didn't really even use the dressing (it was creamy and heavy- a little lemon was all i needed).  All ingredients were very fresh and tasty.  My husband had a cheese enchilada. Low point: too much cheese. Do you really need queso on top of a cheese enchilada? It was just too much. 
They also had a gluten free menu but I didn't know about it until after I ordered. Will try that next time. 
Service was good. Food came out in a timely fashion. Thumbs up for this place overall.Good food and drinks in a nice atmosphere. Outdoor seating was nice, as the weather was a nice mild night.I've been missing Tex-Mex for so long and this place hits the spot. The tortilla soup was spot-on, exactly what you'd get in Texas. The Dip trio is fantastic. I had the brisket tacos, he had the Mayan Quesadillas it was all great. Bryson and Gina took exceptional care of us at the bar. We'll be back
Next day leftovers: holy cow. Now I'm hooked.I hate to have to write an update because as you can see from my first review...I was all over this spot and recommending it to anyone who would listen.  However, over the last year, I've found that the food has gone down and hasn't been as great as it once was.  One example is the queso, which used to be insanely awesome.  It's now kind of clumpy and often times not hot.  I've given it at least three opportunities to course correct and I just haven't seen it coming back to where it was.
It's still an awesome atmosphere and I actually think that may be part of why it has gone down.  It's become such a popular spot that I think the management and wait staff is having a hard time keeping up.  I really miss the way it was when it first opened.  I wish them great business but you have to stay consistent and keep the food great for me to keep coming back.  Cool patios, awesome art and memories of what used to be just isn't going to do it....The queso, chips and margaritas were really good! We really enjoyed that part of the meal and our hostess was great. Refried beans were obviously microwaved but still good. My velvet steak taco was OK, but the ahi tuna taco was so fishy I spit my first bite back into my napkin. Couldn't do it, I know what fresh ahi tuna is supposed to taste like. That was not it. My husband really liked his beef enchilada but wasn't into the brisket enchilada. He said the shrimp taco also had a bit of fishiness to it. This being NOLA we were pretty confident in our seafood being fresh (at least the shrimp) but that doesnt seem to be the case. A disappointing end to something we thought would be a good meal.Best compliment would be atmosphere. Food is so so as well as service. Good place to watch people get loaded. Always fun to watch.Love this place! 
They seem so well-staffed that I've never had ANY issue with service. It's really top-notch.  As soon as you're seated, chips/salsa arrive pretty much instantly along with pleasant wait staff.  
I've tried to Deep South tacos, as well as the chicken chipotle tacos, and both are excellent, as are the sides (chipotle corn grits). 
Prices are decent, drinks are good, nice atmosphere...most should have a good experience here.Bring your rubber gloves so you can flip through the menu.  Not sure when or if they ever clean them.  Not appetizing to say the least.Let me preface this review with this statement. I am not a Mexican food connoisseur. I don't really care if it is authentic; I just want it to taste good. This typically means I would like it either covered or filled with cheese please. I like Velvet Cactus. I like that they have tasty margaritas, enormous quesadillas, and good old fashioned Americanized Mexican food. Tacos filled with fried shrimp, fried chicken, marinated beef, etc? Yes please. The prices are a bit high for the type of food, but the portions are huge and you can't beat the location. Their outdoor porch is the perfect place to sit in the sun with a margarita or three and snack on some chips and salsa while catching up with friends and enjoying the gorgeous weather of NOLA.Great experience here last night! Great food, great atmosphere, excellent service! The guacamole and shrimp cakes are a must. Pork taco was excellent. Ask for Carmen for excellent service. She handled our party with expertise customer service. Being in the hospitality industry myself, I greatly appreciated her patience and knowledge! We asked to borrow a sharpie marker and the manager brought it out herself as well as helped run our food to the table!! One of the best restaurant experiences I have had in a while!!!!!! Thank you velvet cactus for making our friends birthday a true success!!!Went there last night.  Wont go again.  It's over priced tex-mex.  You can get the same thing at Juans Flying Burrito for half the price and double the atmosphere.  This place reeks of corporate shlock.  Fancy over done, pretentious, wanna be, it's a dressed up hooker from the east.  Don't waste you time or money.  Go to Juans, or even better go to El Gato Negro.  You belly will thank you for it.Second visit to the cactus and must say it was a much better experience. 
Beers were cold, service was prompt and food was very good. 
Portions wee large and almost everyone brought something home. 
Leave room for desert. Try the Tres Leches or the Ice Cream Nachos. 
Will definitely be backThe food here is really bad...like really bad. I've had a better meal at Taco Bell. The cocktails are good. Back to the food...very bland. Not spicy. Don't trust the spicy level on the menu. I purposely chose spicy items only to be disappointed. The shrimp enchiladas were the quality you'd receive from a Lean Cuisine entree but 5x the price. The food was either too salty or too sweet. Complimentary salsa wasn't flavorful. I'm glad I tried it to say I've had it but I'll only be back for drinks. P.S. the brussels spouts and grits were good.Food was very modern Mexican. Very good. Service a little slow. Chips and Salsa the best. Noise level pretty high if you are looking for a quite spot this is not it. Also did not see highchairs. But there were some childen there.All I can say is that the margaritas are good food is very average Mexican food. When i go with friends  I end up sticking with the trio dips.Paying $4 for a side of beans & rice with my 2 $4 steak tacos? No thanks. The atmosphere is nice, but the prices make me want to put up with the loud, compact space that is Juan's.Great place! Awesome drinks and they even had an EatFit menu with several options for less than 600 cals! And if you don't care about that, the rest of the menu was excellent too - will def be backThe food is mediocre-good but the atmosphere makes up for it. It's a great place for a date night or just to day drink on the patio with peach margaritas. I recommend the burrito and you can't go wrong with a margarita!Always heard about how this place has given people food poisoning but I gave them the benefit of the doubt. My friends and I split the Tex mex egg rolls and each of us got severe food poisoning, plus the service sucked. Not sure how a place with a reputation for food poisoning patrons gets so crowded. I will never ever be back again and urge everyone to do the same.Unbelievable!!! I live in Lakeview & love to patronize my local establishments. So it's "the day after" cinco de mayo & my sons & I are eating here. The manager comes over to me & tells me that it's been 1 hour & 45 minutes & I just exceeded my 1.5 hour limit & other guests are waiting to sit down. It is amazing that after eating at a restaurant that I am told to basically "get out". She said "it is printed on the menu". So is it all about "burning & turning the tables". So much for customer service. What a joke! Please consider this when you go & eat here. I also work in costumer service & fully understand the COST to create, win, & keep a guest. This was not it!Cost doesn't equal value.  Great location but snotty hostess and snotty patrons.  I didn't join a frat on purpose.I love this place! We always take the family here and the service has always been great and margaritas are always on point! I always get the nachos and share them with someone because it's humanly impossible to eat them alone! The chef tacos are always a tasty surprise and even tho some of the ingredients sound crazy together trust the chef he knows what he's doing! It's a relaxed atmosphere and the art work makes you wait feel like seconds! If you haven't been go and get a margarita and nachos!Went with my husband and met his brother, sister-in-law, and her parents for dinner last night.  We also had a toddler with us.  Seating for 6 1/2 was fairly quick and we were brought chips and salsa immediately.  The salsa was pretty spicy to me, but then again, I'm not a native Louisianan... these people seem to have iron stomachs.
We got an order of queso for the table, and most people had either a regular margarita or a cucumber margarita, I hear they were excellent!  Our server Cory was great, prompt and efficient.
Everyone's food came out on time, I split a chicken fajita platter with my husband, I wanted to get guacamole, but at $2.50 for a small serving it didn't seem worth it.  
The décor is loud and "New Orleans" style mixed with Mexican flair.  The tables inside seem pretty close together, but there are 3 large glass paned garage doors that open the place up to a patio with many more tables, and I can see that when those are open, the whole place would feel bigger.Great atmosphere for a date night. Love the fish tacos and jerk chicken. On a busy weekend night you might gave to wait awhile but they have a great bar and fun outside games to play while you wait for your table.This is actually my first visit. This restaurant has been on my bucket list for awhile and today I finally decided to visit. I had really high hopes for this place and walked in filled with giddiness and excitement. My waitress was excellent and service in general was attentive. The drinks were ok but too much on the sweet side and pretty weak. The prices are on the high side. The crawfish Banditos were ok. They were tortillas stuffed with crawfish, cheese and seasoning then deep fried. The chicken fajitas were also good. The chicken had a wonderful taste to it. You were able to choir two sides. I choose cheese grits and bancheros beans. I instantly fell in love with the grits. The grits were the highlight of the meal. The decor is very eclectic. All in all, it was just ok! For a $60 tab, I wasn't super impressed enough to return to Lakeview to visit this location.We met here for a friends birthday.  She wanted margaritas and we wanted dinner so we figured it would be a good place to try.
First, the outside courtyard is hard to beat.  The area is very pretty and a great place to hang out.  The service was pretty good, the drinks kept coming, and they gave the birthday girl a scoop of ice cream covered with sprinkles.  She loved it.  Our server Juan was fantastic.
The drinks seemed a little over priced.  They were okay, but they weren't worth $7-$9 each.  I was really excited about the watermelon margarita, but it barely tasted like watermelon.
Food wise we ordered the family platter.  This comes with a mix of grilled meats and veggies, warm tortillas, beans, rice, cheese, pico, and sour cream.  I love eating family style, and the grilled meats were very tasty.    I would be willing to come back again, but I probably wouldn't bother with the margaritas.  Or, I'll come on a happy hour night.Saw a worker scratch his butt.  Ole!I've only ate here once when it first opened but the food and service was excellent. I always forget about it because it's in kind of a weird location but I can't wait to go back.We had some great appetizers Mexican style egg rolls, jerk chicken on skewers and their wonderful three dip combo.  It consisted of white bean dip, guacamole and queso   We dined outside on the patio which is always fun.  They had fans circulating to keep you cool.I love this place!!!! Awesome  drinks. Goat loves the watermelon Majarita - cool for the summer. Keeps Goat looking clean and fresh for the ladies:)I came here for the first time, for my birthday, and I was surprised on how good it was.  I thought it would be like Superior Grill, but it was better!  I will definitely be back.  Superior Grill does have better Margaritas, though.Why is this place like so much by many? Every time I eat there I'm sick through out the night & next day, plus the food isn't all that good. Might as well microwave at home. The only thing worth it is the Bloody Mary & chips with salsa when I'm forced to go... that's it! It's noisy, bad food, ok service. I've tried it at least 6 different times & the only good thing is the decor is fun.This place is simply amazing! Beautiful atmosphere with great food! They had  a gluten free menu. Drinks were amazingI've tried this place several times.   The ambiance is great.  I love the building and the art but can't say much more than that.  The staff is good but the food is why I put low stars on this review.   I have tried several dishes and I think they may have tried different chefs over a few months but nothing has really popped out to me.  The food is bland and soggy.  For the prices you really should have decent Mexican food.The atmosphere is fabulous. Lots of tables and space for everyone. If you sit outside, they will give you a blanket for the cold. My biggest issue with it, everything I have had has been so spicy I can barely eat it. They need to ease up on the spices and peppers.Best atmosphere!! love the margaritas and the staff  
Awesome place!!This is a average place at best, the best thing going for is the patio area. I've been multiple times and the food is barely above decent in my opinion. The bar isn't bad and usually only come for the drinks. Last night we told 45 mins for a table and it up being almost being 1.5 hours, about an hour in when I went to check on the table I stood at the hostess stand a few mins while they talked to each before even acknowledging my presence. When we finally got seated we ordered and the food came out quickly. I got the crawfish banditos and you could tell they were frozen. 
Come for drinks, eat if you have to be don't expect great food.Great Tex Mex if that's what you're looking for. Fast, friendly service, great drinks, good food. We got the ceviche, which was pretty tasty, but the lettuce bed made it difficult for us to get all the pieces out. I think a shallow bowl would probably be better suited for a dish like that. We kept referring to the lettuce as the "ceviche cock block" because of how imposing it was. But, again, very tasty. I ordered the ahi tuna tacos. They were okay. I wasn't a fan of the raspberry (I'm pretty sure it was raspberry) sauce on it. I mean, I couldn't taste anything else in the taco except that sauce. It was just too overpowering. Next time I'll order the sauce on the side because I can't imagine that taco being terrible without it. I bet it's better without it. That sauce was too much. Like when you get a spray tan and come out orange instead of lightly bronzed. Too much. There was a comment card on the table but I didn't fill it out because I didn't have a pen, so I'll give the rundown here:
Food: 3.8 not bad. Not excellent.
Menu: 4. It had some cool stuff. No lie.
Service: 5. I forgot our server's name but she was delightful.
Atmosphere: 4.9 I dig it. Loved the outdoor seating area. We sat at a two top next to a garage door so we got the best of both worlds. That "skinny mirror" by the ladies bathrooms has to go.
It's 2015, guys. Get with the program.
Cleanliness: 4.8. Bathrooms needed a wipe down.
Drinks: 5. I'm easily pleased by booze.
Value: 4. Would definitely return.My biggest disappointment with this place is that I hadn't been here before! Seriously. I have eaten at every place around the TVC a dozens times, but I now know I could have done as well or better if I had just gone here.
It all starts with the meats. I made sure to try the pork and brisket, both of which were tender and well flavored. The pork had a great smoke like you would find from a really top level BBQ joint. The variety of sauces used throughout the menu were spicy and well thought out. 
I encourage you to get the loaded nachos with the pork. Keep in mind, this could be enough for most people to split three ways as an entree.
The wait staff was great and kept on top of things while not giving you that feel like you are being watched all the time. If the weather is nice, be sure to eat outside. The porch is well shaded with the festively decorated trees.
I will be back soon and get more specific. I would have been more so but I was so focused on the food that I didn't even think to document my dinner.Nice atmosphere for a fun, casual evening.  Pretty generic food, not bad, just expected.  A place I will return to have a few margaritas, chips, and salsa on the patio/at the bar with friends.A great place with friends , excellent bar, super food and service . On a cold might they have heaters outside and even blankets while you wait.
We brought our friends from NJ  here for an example of an excellent local place they loved it.I think my anticipation to eat here made the let down worse. I was hoping for a laid back night outside, but it was very loud, and everyone seemed in a hurry which made it hard to enjoy. Love the art work, and the jalapeño margarita..thats about it. I had the jerk chicken tacos and that and the Crawfish queso were too spicy...and not in the good way. Didn't finish my meal because of it, and the next morning had a stomach ache. I did like the watermelon salad. Probably will opt for Gato Negro next time instead.Good Happy hour specials, nice patio and ambience, but the food is very sub par.  The guacamole is okay, spicy though so careful..the taco meat is like taco bell but I find taco bell better.  The salsa is not that good either.  Service is okay..basically a place to go sit outside and drink, watch a game, but don't bother eating..The front patio has a lot of character. Every inch of the walls have unique and tacky decorations, but it all goes together well. We both ate with an appetizer and chips and salsa for under forty dollars. I would definitely go back again.I was looking forward to try some good Mexican food with interesting dishes and menu. Honestly, I was not too impressed with the food at all. The menu was somewhat boring, nothing really popped out at me (all stuff that your basic mexican chain restaurant might have). I ended up getting the underwhelming mayan quesadilla. Cool atmosphere but that's really all this place had to offer. Don't think I'll go here again.Truly shocked to see this restaurant is rated below 4 stars. Velvet Cactus is my absolute favorite. Best margaritas and steak fajitas I've ever had. Tortilla soup is also delicious. They stay pretty busy so the wait is long on the weekends(30-45 minutes) but to me, that's just an excuse to drink margaritas outside and hang out with company. I've yet to have a bad experience here.sooooo yummy!  and we went during really nice weather so the garden patio seating was perfectOk food. Terrible customer service. Waitress made a scene when she refused my so-called "birthday margarita" when she did no believe my Louisiana drivers license as to my birth Day!  BTW I am over sixty so I paid for my birthday deal and have told all my friends about this ridiculous story.Honestly, this place was better than I expected. It has a nice patio and the service was very good! The food was three starsWe called this restaurant to see if they were dog friendly on the patio and were told yes. when we arrived the manager said absolutely not. We sat outside of the entrance waiting for the friends we were meeting and decided to have a drink. drinks are overpriced but the bartender was good. I don't believe in supporting chain restaurants in a city with so many locally owned places so I would never go here or recommend it anyone in fact, I'd discourage anyone from going here.I really enjoyed my time here! I went on a cold, rainy Friday night, so the patio was closed. I went at around 5pm and was seated right away. The chips and salsa are a nice touch but I don't like my salsa warmed, I'd rather it cold. (Idk maybe it's just me) I had the Chicken Tortilla soup as an appetizer, which was seriously delicious! I lovveeee this soup! It's not too cheesy, but it is a little spicy for my tastebuds, which is fine with me! I had the chicken fajitas for my meal, which were equally as delicious. I really enjoyed it! It was a lot of food, so I ended up having to take half home. The guy I was with got the fajita burrito which he stated was 'Good'. Clearly, my fajitas were better! Lol our server was really nice and sweet. She apologized for EVERYTHING and checked in every 10 minutes! I took it as just a quirk but the guy I was with was slightly annoyed. However, I'm definitely going back! I'm sure there's more good food to be had!Good Tex-Mex and well-priced, too. The portions are huge! Margaritas were tasty, a good price and strong! We sat inside but the patio looks like a great spot. They have fans and misters to cool you off. I got a combo plate with shrimp enchiladas and a pork taco and had a lot left over. I really liked that they have a large selection of sides you can pick from -- much more innovative than the usual rice and beans and many Tex-Mex places. Service was good, too.This was absolutely my favorite place in Lakeview/ New Orleans. They have a good happy hour and on Wed it's a really great HH. The food is amazing! The egg rolls w raspberry sauce are the best! Also the triple dipper w queso, guac snd refried beans. I was there for a week and a half and I think I went here 5 or 6 times. The barstools at the bar are fun, too! The decor inside and out are really good. 
Definitely recommend this place and I will go back the next time I am in town. 
Oh and I also had the pork quesadillas and they were fantastic! There is nothing bad here.The velvet cactus is sort of like a funnel, it starts out very big.  We waited to be seated and it was like an outdoor patio with plenty of artwork and integral gardens.  The music was lively and overall atmosphere very festive.  We ordered the family grill so that we would have an ample amount of food.  The kitchen crew arrived with sizzling plates filled with meat, a stack of utensils, and a large plate of sides (grilled plantains, roasted veggie skewers, cheese grits, and barracho beans.  It was 3 large plates.
Well presented as seen in the photo, but fits into 2 foam boxes when condensed.  Next time it would probably be better to get individual plates.
One of the plates was 1/4 cheese, 1/4 pico de gallo, 1/4 slaw, and 1/4 lettuce w/2 small sour cream balls.  The 2nd plate was the 4 sides in separate cups. The 3rd plate was an iron skillet with various meats.  It was plenty of food for 3-4 persons.  Our only concern is that when you have this amount of meats, onions, toppings, and sides that a place like this would at least bring you any amount of guacamole.  We all were thinking it but none mentioned it.  Shame on us!  Even after we had all this sizzling food brought, we asked "could we get some tortillas?"  We should have asked for guacamole at this point as well. 
Our group spent lots of time going over the Yelp pics as a visual menu.  In a sense, we take away and contribute for the next person.  It is typical for Yelp patrons to fall into a standard distribution of ordering the most popular items and trying what a certain establishment is known for.  Some even go on a limb and try a new item.
The atmosphere at the velvet cactus certainly is lively.  One thing is for certain-- you might find a place like this in Disney, but you would never find anything similar in Mexico !  The artwork (much of which is on display for sale), the decoration, winter heating units, lighting, and the crowds make this environment hard to reproduce.    I guess you could dupe the food, but not much else.  
In a future visit we will get separate plates in order to maximize our variety.  The grits and the beans were excellent sides and everything had a smoked flavor to it like it just came off the grill.I've been here enough times to know what to expect, and my experience Wednesday night met all my expectations of what I know this restaurant can be. The atmosphere was fun and upbeat, the service was attentive, and the food was delicious. Most of the time when I come here, I share the nachos with my friend or boyfriend. Sometimes I find that the meat can be over cooked, and the toppings can be almost nonexistent. I've even gotten ice cold toppings on my nachos in the past. But I have to admit that my most recent experience here was the exact opposite. Everything was hot and fresh. That's the thing with this restaurant though. It is a hit or miss depending on how busy they are and who is cooking. I can't give any more than 4 stars, because the consistency just isn't there. It's unfortunate as this restaurant has a lot of potential, and you just never know what you're going to get when you sit down here. When this place is on point though, it's my favorite Mexican place of all time! Hopefully my next visit will be just as good as my last.This is the perfect time of year to come to Velvet Cactus. Good service. Really good Rita's.  Great special taco tonight - fried crawfish tails.  YumI LOVE Velvet Cactus...when my husband and I lived in Mid-City, we came once a week! I'm only giving it 4 stars because I get the bean burrito almost every time. It's my favorite thing on the menu. The enchiladas are also good, but I don't really care for anything else. I haven't tried a lot of their tacos, but my husband enjoys them. They even do a special chef's taco that is usually pretty creative.
I'm from Dallas, so I really miss my Tex-Mex...this is probably the closest that I can get to my favorite food. They usually have quick and efficient service and friendly servers (ASK FOR BRENT!), and they have a really nice patio. The inside is neat with artwork, but it's very loud. 
The parking situation is a nightmare, but that never deters me from visiting.I have been to Velvet Cactus twice now. They do some things really well and some things just okay. On this visit we shared a dip Trio to start. You get a guacamole, queso, and bean dip. All three were yummy and plentiful. It is definitely easy to fill up on this alone, so try to take it easy. For my meal, I had the Chicken Pablo with the grits and plantains as my two sides. I thought the chicken and sauce had a nice flavor and the sides were excellent. 
My wife ordered the mixed fajitas with steak and chicken. We also tried a tamale. The fajitas are large and the pieces of meat are pretty big too, not the strips you see at a lot of other Mexican places. Might make it a little more difficult to eat. The tamale fell short. We both thought the sauce tasted like a canned sauce. 
For drinks, we each had a frozen margarita with sangria swirl, and they were good. Despite being very busy (we had to wait 35 minutes at 7pm Friday night), the service was good. The prices are a bit high for some things and if you add in alcohol, you're not in for a cheap meal.If you come here on a Friday night, get here VERY early, or expect to wait FOREVER. This is a very popular place located right on the fringe of Lakeview, and every YP and College kid within 10 miles is there on the weekend so it gets a little crazy. Just to give you an idea - I drove in for a party from Baton Rouge and met some friends who had already been there for over an hour and ended up waiting ANOTHER hour for a table. BUT, they have tables outside just for the bar and a good bit of room inside the bar to stand and order a drink, so it's not all bad.
One thing that I really liked about this place is their Skinny Margaritas are actually GREAT. Normally, Skinny Margs leave a lot to be desired and aren't great for satisfying a margarita craving but these have just the right amount of real margarita so you don't feel deprived. And it doesn't hurt to ask for a little Red Sangria add-in.
When we were finally seated, they served the chips and warm salsa (my favorite), and then I opted for Guacamole. I would absolutely skip the guac and just eat salsa, if I were you. The guacamole was tasteless, too chunky, and just all in all not worth the amount of money I paid for it. Plus the salsa is really good. 
The entree was delightful. Velvet Cactus has quite a few combo plates, which I really liked as a first timer, because I had NO idea what I wanted. I went with the Quesadilla and 2 taco combo with 2 sides, which was very good and a great deal. The Chicken Tinga Quesadilla was juicy and cheesy and perfect for dipping in sour cream and pico de gallo. For the tacos I went with the Vegetarian with Portobello Mushroom and the Chef's Special, which was a really good pork taco. On my friend's suggestion, I went with the grits and the borracho beans for my side and WOW. The grits were exactly what I needed  (I had a horrible sore throat that night) and they were warm, cheesy, and the perfect consistency - not too thick, not too thin. The borrachos weren't eaten until the next day, and I think they were probably even better after marinating further in the frig overnight in the Dos Equis sauce. 
Overall, I wasn't feeling great when I came here and so the wait probably pissed me off more than it normally would, but even feeling well, this is not the type of place that I would routinely wait that long for. Yes, the food is good, some of it great, but its super casual and not all that out of the ordinary. If you can get in right away, hit them up. If the wait is any more than 30 minutes, keep driving because you'll end up waiting twice as long as they tell you.This place is awful. The food and drinks are expensive and gross. Don't waste your time- it blows my mind that this garhole is packed to the hills on a regular basis.This is a 'happy place' for our gang, as in riding Splash Mountain at Disney and hearing the song "Everybody Has a Laughing Place."  Really - it is a bit like the sort of Mexican restaurant that you might find somewhere on the Disney campus (I mean this as a compliment) - complete with giant stone face statue on the outside, fountains, sumptuous lighting, original artwork covering every inch of every wall (marked with prices, as it's all for sale).
We really enjoy sitting outside by the fountain on a pleasant evening, under the tree covered with colorful glass globes and sconces that light the patio.  It's the atmosphere at this place that really does it for us.  
The selection of frozen margaritas is very good.
The wait for a table can sometimes be long.  I guess people like the place.
The food is fairly standard tex/mex with some nice touches - last trip, we had a crawfish queso that was really really good - with more heat and flavor than the frequently too-tepid offerings created to please the Olive Garden crowd that cross-pollinates a place like this.
The Velvet Cactus can be crowded and a bit loud, but not off-puttingly so. Figure on an after-work crowd, some families, and a few college kids.
If half-stars were possible, I'd go 4.5I am incredibly sick, so I thought, "What better than some hot chicken tortilla soup?" I decided on getting some soup to go from Velvet Cactus. I ordered the large size and received two, half full, tennis ball sized cups. For the toppings I received a mushed up half slice of blackened, old avocado and about a teaspoon of pico de gallo and soggy chips. 9 bucks. 
Synopsis: Absolute garbage, don't support this disgusting business if you enjoy getting what you pay for.Another bad experience.  Management is the worst!  They should do what ever it takes to resolve diners legitimate complaints about food quality and they don't. On the contrary,  the female manager Immediately goes on the defensive and make you feel like crap.  I've  managed to stay away for 6 weeks and now go to El Gato Negro where I'm treated with dignity and respect. Take the challenge and see how long you can stay away.  Maybe they'll get rid of the bulldog manager who runs off the customers.Well, this place is pretty great. I love the doors when you walk in. Mosaic sugar skull on the doors. 
We came because I am on a margarita kick and today was two for one. 
So I'll start there. The margarita on the rocks with salt. They come two at a time for happy hour. The one I started sipping on was so strong I couldn't enjoy it. I hate to waste but I kept telling Jeff I am gonna end up wasting these because all I taste is tequila. Well toward the end of the meal I tried the second one which was much much better and I drank the whole thing. Still a shame the free one was not good. I'm sure people are rolling their eyes right now but I like to taste the delicious flavored of my drinks not the liquor. Anyways that's where they lost the star. 
Back to the story, the food....
The food and service is excellent. Let's start with Claire. She was great. Attentive without bothering!
The trio dip was great I had it for my meal as I already knew going into it my calories were reserved for margaritas tonight. It was so much that I took half the dips home for a snack later.
We ordered the egg rolls and although I didn't try any Jeff says there were good as usual. 
He also ordered the cochinitta and OMG I tried one bite and it was delishih. We ordered double grits as the side because anywhere that has grits, they are going in my belly. Everything was so good. I will be back but next time for the regular prices specialty margaritas and definitely the food!!!I loved my hard "gringo", I usually like soft, but this was the best hard (taco) I've ever eaten. Watermelon mint margaritas was to die for.The drinks, the meal, and the service were all amazing. Love the atmosphere and decor both inside and out on the patio.Busy place on a Saturday afternoon. Great margaritas!  The tacos are great. Highly recommend. Looks like a great neighborhood restaurant with a neat twistI'd love to update this terrible previous review. I still stand by the fact that the previous situation was not handled properly, but they do deserve a new review from me. 
I have been back to Velvet Cactus since that experience more than a few times, and with successful results. A couple hiccups along the way that were handled very well and appreciated.  I really do like this restaurant. It's cool, the drinks are great, and the food is delicious.  My favorite drink is called The Grand, it's a margarita with a hint of orange instead of the tang of the original margarita. I always enjoy it.  We have ordered so many things here, but I'm sure my favorite item is the nachos!! You can get them with no meat or you can choose between chicken, brisket, shrimp, chili, or steak. The steak is my favorite by far. If you not sure where to go to get a great plate of nachos, your search is over!!!  A few other menu items that I always enjoy are the ceviche, tacos, and they have a grilled meat platter that is pretty awesome.
I've really had some good experiences since the fiasco a few years ago and I wanted to share.As a transplant from the Lonestar State, I been craving a Tex Mex meal after 6 months away. The frozen margaritas are decent similar toWent here Thursday evening to have dinner and drinks. Great atmosphere,  service, food.Great food !!! Great atmosphere!!!Love this place.
The fish tacos are delicious.Got a side of beans & the cheese grits.
Everything was well seasoned.Service was also good.
Loved it so much we brought our friends visiting from Texas the next weekend.They said it was as good as any Mexican restaurant they've been to in Texas .They got the fajitas & quesadilla dinners.Everything was fresh & the portions are large.I recommend trying to get a table outside as it tends to get a little noisy inside .Other than that you'll won't be disappointed.My reviews are usually really long,  this one is going to be simple.
Drinks, chips & salsa are fine.
Going for food...don't waste your time!
Server was great...when told "we liked you but we wouldn't come back" the comment was "I've heard that a lot lately".  That's not a good sign!
We asked the hostess stand if they had comment cards they said no.  I said, "It will be simple, sever was good but we won't come back" her reply was "OK, thanks!"  in her best Lakeview girl tone.   Wrong answer little girl...the other two girls at the hostess stand stood there dumbfounded.
Stop by for a drink and the chips & salsa...don't bother waiting around for a table and food because it isn't worth you wait at all.Overpriced drinks, horrible service. The final straw was trying to place a to go order over the phone and being rudely told that they don't take to go orders over the phone. The concept of good customer service is totally lost on these people.Went here last night thinking it would be a lot of exotic and well-rounded latin american food. Turned out to be another tex-mex joint with a lot of the same stuff you find at a Cucos at a cheaper price. 
Get there early because parking is horrendous! The atmosphere inside was nice and unique but if you get the chance, sit outside. Inside is way too loud when it is crowded and your table feels crammed in a sea of chairs and other tables. 
My wife and I got the queso which was REALLY good but our chips were a bit too salty. The salsa was just right. For our entrees, I got the Shrimp and Steak Fajitas and my wife got the Cochinita Pibil (which is braised pork and pickled red onion over a bed of Paella style rice with plantains and creole slaw and BBQ) The fajitas were decent but could have been seasoned a bit more. They also came with a side of beans and rice, as well as the usual lettuce, pico de gallo, sour cream, and shredded cheese. The Cochinita Pibil was pretty good but the serving could be a little less? Never seen a mountain of braised pork and rice until that night. Needless to say, my wife was unable to finish it and took some to go. 
It wasn't what I expected. Not a bad thing, but it just seems like an odd location for such a same old same old kind of tex mex place.Had a wonderful birthday dinner for my brother here. We loved our apps and entrees.  The drinks were superb and our server provided excellent service. We'll be back. 
Can't wait to explore the menu further. 
Here is a pic of the "chorizo cheesecake". Dee-lish!Full disclosure: I am a Mexican food snob (having learned to eat and appreciate Mexican food while living in southern California for 9 years). 
NOLA, as much as I love the plethora of great eats and the foodie tradition of our great city, the choices for "Mexican" food here--and pretty much everywhere throughout the Deep South--are HORRIBLE. I take a lot of sh#t from friends here who think I'm ridiculous in my criticisms of local NOLA Mexican fare, but I'm really not as unreasonable (or as fancy) as they think I am. Good Mexican food is NOT fancy. It's fresh! It's seasoned! For me, Mexican food embodies the "less is more" concept more than almost any other ethnic cuisine I can think of. Little things like fresh made salsa, flavorful marinated meats, fresh creamy refried beans, fresh veggies, and even fresh tortillas etc go a LONG way and they are the staple of any good mexican chef, including at-home cooks. 
I f#cking HATE, HATE, HATE Juan's Flying Burrito. Worst place(s) EVER. Seriously, it is beyond me how anyone could think Juan's is good. They have "burrito" in their name and they can't even roll a burrito correctly. You unwrap one from the foil they serve it in and it immediately falls apart. The ingredients are bland, dry, the salsa is jarred and crappy... the guacamole is jarred/store bought, processed sh#t... a cardinal sin in my book. Superior Grill is way better if you want mediocre Tex-Mex. I like Filipe's when I need a burrito fix. It's not the greatest, but they know how to roll a friggin' burrito and it's at least half-way decent and you can get cilantro wrapped in your burrito... and they have fresh made salsas/salsa picantes. 
Well, I recently went to The Velvet Cactus and I was pleasantly surprised! First, I love that the owners tout the cuisine as "Mexican inspired." They have obviously had real authentic Mexican cuisine and do not feel comfortable claiming their cuisine is "Mexican". Kudos to them for their honesty. The irony is their cuisine is better and more "authentic" than most other Mexican places in the city. FINALLY!!!! I find a place that makes FRESH and good salsa and fresh-made guacamole. I got some chicken tacos and the meat was cooked perfectly, seasoned well and everything tasted fresh. The beans were FRESH, creamy, and wonderful! While the cuisine may not be 100% authentic Mexican, the owners obviously pride themselves on using fresh ingredients, which is a huge step up from any other Mexican-ish joint I have tried in NOLA. The only other place that comes close is El Gato Negro, though their food is hit or miss for me. I went back a few days later and had Velvet's bean burrito which was great! Beans were cooked perfectly, fresh, flavorful. I  also had the Habanero infused tequila margarita and it was awesome! 
If I was rich and had the money, even as a gringo, I would open a Mexican restaurant in NOLA that would blow everything out of the water and it would be a guaranteed success because most of the competition out there is pitiful... but until I get rich, when I need my (Tex)Mexican fix, I will continue to go to the Velvet Cactus. F#CK Juan's and Superior Grill. On top of the good food, the ambience and decor of the Velvet Cactus is interesting and well-done. The service has been pretty good and the wait staff seems friendly. Definitely a diamond in the rough of the Mexican food desert that is NOLA.Okay. Not the best Mexican food I've ever had. Not the absolute worst. What is lacking on the plate is made up for by atmosphere, and a huge bar selecting. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the drink and made a few excellent suggestions. 
Pro: table salsa was delicious! 
Con: Paula Deen Salt/Pepper grinders on the table. That should have been my first red flag. 
I'll be back but maybe only for happy hour!Yummy! We loved everything we ordered. So fresh, especially the watermelon salsa and unique, refried beans. Fun and funky decor and pleasant patio.I can't believe there's only one review for this place as of today.  Every time I go, it's packed.  Doesn't matter what day of the week it is.
This is a very interesting place.  Eclectic, edgy art on the walls.  Brightly colored.  The patio is lovely.  Several fans/misters all around so even the hottest days are bearable.  They have great margaritas.  Several different flavors of the frozen variety, but their house on the rocks is the way to go if you're looking to be impressed.  Tons of different beers, both bottled and on tap.  Very friendly bar tenders.  
The salsa.  Guys, I'm a big fan of salsa.  I've never had warm salsa before, and if I had known that's how it was served in advance I may have been a little apprehensive about trying it.  But it is amazing.  Fresh and full of flavor, I usually fill up on this stuff and chips LONG before my food arrives.  
That being said, I have very little to offer in the way of entree review.  I've eaten a full meal here twice.  The food was good, but I can't remember what I had either time.  That either means it was just ok and not impressive or that I had too many margaritas/beers and the entree portion of the evening is foggy.  
Knowing my weakness for the salsa, I tend to come here to hang out with friends and have some drinks and some chips and crack...er...salsa.  I found out recently that they have free wifi.  This is just an excuse for me to go there more, because I can legitimately schedule meetings there or convince friends to go because they can still work on projects or whatever.
It's pretty loud, but that's cause it's always crowded as I mentioned earlier.  Both times I've eaten a full meal here it was with a sizable party and they accommodated us both times.  You have to wait, but with the aforementioned salsa to appease you this is a non issue IMO.  
I've had trouble parking every time I've been here, but honestly it's not their fault.  They've got a decent amount of spots in their own lot, plus there are the spots on the neutral ground.  I guess there's just so many things to do and places to go on Harrison that it makes parking a bit of a challenge.  Don't let that deter you, though.  Check this place out.
Salsa!It was a nice place but food not that great.  Chips and salsa were AWESOME! Very limited menu compared to other mexican rest.  I know it just opened but a 2 1/2 hour wait for 6 people is a little ridiculous.  The bar was comfortable but when I sat in the dining area was very hot! Overall 2 1/2 stars$$ and not worth what it was.  We had 3 ice tea and the family platter it said for between 3-5 people.  This was enough for 2 people maybe 3.  There was very little meat even our waitress thought it looked small and went back and got us a little extra chicken.  It was loaded with veggies grease not meat we would have done better to order a single and prob would have been less $$ as well.
All around great atmosphere but food and portions could have been better for the price.This place is absolutely AMAZING! Great drinks, food, service, and even music! This place has it all. Great for families, friends, and dates. This is definitely my #1 restaurant!Love, love, love the drinks here...and I have worked my way down their drink menu since they have opened.  Service is always great, too!  My favorite meal is the taco plate and the dip trio for the table...yum!  Everything is always very consistent and that is what keeps me coming back.Went to The Velvet Cactus last night for a fund raiser for St. Francis Animal Shelter. 
Margaritas were strong and yummy, chips and salsa were delicious. Guac was 8 bucks and flavorless, burrito was 10 bucks and pretty bland. Atmosphere and company was lovely. 
I agree with the other reviewers, stick to chips salsa and margaritas and you will be fine.Running an errand during my lunch break, I stumbled upon the Velvet Cactus & decided to have lunch.  It was a little chilly out, so I grabbed my jacket & got a primo seat outside.  The decor in the outdoor area is quite inviting & enchanting.
I always appreciate complimentary chips & salsa, & the Velvet Cactus offers this (it's one thing they have over Juan's Flying Burrito).  I also love that the chips weren't greasy.
I had the Chicken Pablo.  Plenty enough food for 2 meals & absolutely delicious.
Great service, decent prices, & a fun atmosphere!Tuesday night the place is almost to capacity at 6...we get lucky enough to get one of the last tables. I expected slow service,due to the crowd.....
Couldnt have been more wrong. Server was lightning fast with drinks, but still barely beat the app to the table(no kidding-she had to move to the side to let him deliver it).
Entree came out just as fast.
Fodd wasnt just fast, it was fresh and perfectly seasoned. The platters let you try a good variety. If it has a shrimp option get it, and the velvet steak tacos are amazing...
Dimner was so fast, without feeling rished, car was still warm when we got back in it.Very disappointed with taste of food ceviche, and fajitas were not so good to my liking , good atmosphere regardlessLove the margaritas! Love the atmosphere. Love the outside seating. Love the food. And best Cinco de mayo celebration in the city. In the fall, eating outside, you can not beat it. One of our favorite places to go.We went w/some friends...everything was delicious! I had a watermelon margarita and a classic...both were awesome, but the watermelon was my favorite out of the two! They have delicious salsa & queso! My husband ordered shrimp & grits...they were really good! :) 
The reason I can't give a whole 5 stars is b/c I ordered grilled fish tacos...apparently the order was filled wrong or taken wrong. Shrimp tacos came out & by the time
I got my order everyone was finished :( I ordered corn tortillas & they were falling apart from saturation. The flavor was spot on, but I cldnt pick them up to eat. Had to eat a bit w/my fork, but since everyone was already done, I ended up taking it to go. 
If in the area I will return!The Velvet Cactus exceeded all of our expectations! The food was absolutely amazing. And the margaritas... delicious! After reading the other poor reviews, we were hesitant to visit this restaurant, but we were so happy that we went anyway. The fajita steak quesadilla was the best one I have ever had, and the house margarita on the rocks was out of this world. The sweet plantain is a must-have! We loved the atmosphere and the food.  We will definitely be going back!A brief review of another okay Mexican/Tex Mex restaurant in New Orleans:
To preface, the atmosphere is better than the food. This is a lively place that can get loud. I'd recommend it for a fun night drinking margaritas rather than a meal with the family. I think the bar area with the garage door is particularly cute. 
The food ranges in quality; the tortilla soup was delicious with generous amounts of chicken in a flavorful broth. The enchilada had a lot of sauce but was overall not my favorite. I really did not like the steak taco - the meat was a bit chewy, and the sauce that comes on it seemed like an odd combination. 
To conclude, there's free chips and salsa!We are from AZ and were traveling recently , we loved the food and the different cocktails on the menu are so unique.  We were seated promptly in a busy time and given a text when our table was ready.  The food was good , I would hang here if I lived in New Orleans, nice atmosphere and friendly staff plus great food!The outdoor seating area is amazing, and the food is pretty good.  I have gotten the chicken fajitas multiple time (really good), and the tacos once (just oK).  THe guacamole is very good, and the chips are sort of hit or miss. Sometimes the chips are greasy. If you go atnight and sit inside it is very loud if you are trying to hold a conversation.This place has an amazing patio, great margaritas and tasty chips and salsa. Unfortunately, that is where the compliments have to end. The food bad, and a little on the expensive side. This place is the perfect spot for drinks and appetizers al fresco. If you want something more substantial to eat, go somewhere elseTwo stars for the professional staff. That's where my review ends.  The Nachos Sencillo were nothing more than warm lethargic velveta, piled high with cold toppings and shrimp that didn't need to die in vain. My pineapple cilantro margarita, eh. Nothing spectacular there.