Love the atmosphere, variety of beer, customer service, etc. One of the better places for football! Can't complain with the food truck selection either!In town for St. Patrick's Day weekend and it was our first NOLA crawfish experience. The spices were perfect and fresh from the boil. Market prices make it frustrating trying to figure your bill. The previous day, the friend we were with said each styrofoam food container full of crawfish was $8... today they were $15 each. 
Happy hour was wonderful out on the patio. Drink prices were very reasonable and I can see why so many locals come here for a drink after work. 
The only thing that I marked it down for was the actual timing of the crawfish boil. They quoted us (when we called) that the crawfish would be ready at 1:00. At 2:30, the first batch came out. I'm not sure if this is a normal thing but do not be in any rush to get your food.i came here for the first time Saturday for the Cotton Bowl. It was super crowded but luckily they have a patio in the back to help with some of the overflow. They have  about 3 high def tvs but one really large big screen tv good for watching sports although i dont think its a sports bar.
i really like the look of this place its  similar to some of the bars you would find  on South Carrollton but its in the Warehouse District a bit far from Canal St and  the French Quarter. i recommend taking a cab if you are just visiting and without a car.
ive read that they have good food but not this night in my opinion. i had the pork nachos and i felt the porks sweetness did not go well with the nacho cheese.
i think the bartenders are pretty cool. One did a shot with me and that was only after i had ordered my 2nd drink which was a Cool Breeze. they have nightly entertainment too this night Kirk Holden was playing. he was cool he played a variety of  songs from black crows to matchbox 20.
i would definately go back for those who havent been go!Love this place!! The bartenders and the owners are awesome... The entire staff is friendly and will always make you feel welcome.I've only been here once, to watch a Saints game, but had a great time. My husband loved the bloody mary bar and I loved their frozen drinks - Bushwhacker and lemonade. The atmosphere was rockin'. There was a dog sitting next to me at the bar which should really sum it all up.
Lots of TV's to watch the game inside and a big patio area outside with TV's set up. The bartenders are friendly, funny, and prompt. The place was clean and looked like a British tavern inside with lots of wood. And, no smoking inside made the experience even better.
I wish I lived closer to this neighborhood - I'd definitely be a regular.Like one of my fellow elites said this bar is okay. Its tucked way in the back of the warehouse district. They have a nice selection beer and a great patio in the back. Often they have food trucks for grub. If you live in the warehouse district this is your bar but I don't know if I would want to go out of my way to go there.We checked this out since it Sid it was a sports bar and it got good reviews and it was great. Very chill, nice bartender who struck up convos and talked to you for more than just asking what you wanted and they have a band and patio set up as well. About 16 beers on tap wine, specialty drinks and cool frozen drinks that were great.- TIP:  Magazine pizza delivers straight into their patio.  Oh, and make sure to take advantage of the patio.
- CON:  Nothing.  Maybe the outdoor view is lacking a bit, but it's a great patio.
- BOTTOM LINE:   Great cocktails.  Good prices.  Super friendly service.  Worth the walk to the Warehouse District.  A no-brainer post-drink spot after the WWII museum.  Get at least one glass of scotch.Easily the nicest bar patio to drink on in the city. Affordable drinks, great service, and safe neighborhood. A great place to watch your favorite team play on one of the 10 tvs. But also a place for people who don't care about sports to have a nice bottle of wine after work during happy hour. My favorite drink is probably the frozen sake/lemonade thing...  I always scoop one up togo when I'm in the neighborhood.. But if I'm hanging out there, I usually get a dark n stormy in a fancy mason jar.. Doesn't take many of these to get you where you're trying to be :)Weeks ago I wanted to check out the food trucks which were here but my schedule didn't let it happen, sadly.  The other night after doing my power walker my companion said let's stop for a cocktail before heading home.  It was my choice, so I choose The Rusty Nail.  Sooooo glad I did!!!
WOW has this place changed.  I knew that there was a new own but never got a chance to grace this place with my presence.  There are REAL parking lots (I think for the condo ppl tho).  The street is light.  So much safter and nicer then, well, eons ago when I was in college and used to hang here.  Fellow art students and I did a few metal pours here in the back yard which is now a beautiful brick patio. *SHOCK* The ladies rest room is fresh'n clean. Two thumbs up to the new owner.  I had a delish Moscow Mule in a large mason jar.  It was $8.00 but it was LARGE!  French Cheesez was outside (Love them).  
Will def add The Rusty Nail to my personal pub crawl list.They have an excellent happy hour fridays from 5-7 (I think) half prices bottles of wine! They have a gorgeous courtyard. Only wish they had a kichen although they usually have food trucks parked outside by 7. Bartenders are always friendly. They have clean bathrooms and tvs everywhere. What more do u need?Such an adorable space!! I happened upon this bar while looking for a place to have a drink and watch a game and am so glad we found it. At first we thought it was a very unassuming dive bar. Once glance outside and I knew better! We sat out enjoyed great drinks, great weather and a great game! I'll be sure to check this place out again next time im in town.We went to the Rusty Nail late on a Sunday night.  I had been before, but it was a little more empty this time.  Service was good.  There was even some leftover crawfish from a private party that they gave us on the house.  Great service, great people, and a good little dive bar with an outstanding patio.Do not let the exterior of this place turn you off. Yes, it looks a little run down from the outside, but inside, you have a great dive bar with friendly people, good drinks and an awesome patio.
We had just finished dining at Cochon and were looking for a place to watch the Capitals Rangers hockey game. We figured finding a bar with hockey on in a football city would be hard, so we Googled and found Rusty Nail. A few blocks walk away from the restaurant and we were there. We peeked inside to ask the bartender if he'd switch on the game, and he did without hesitation. Most TVs at the bar were on the NBA playoffs, but we had our own little nook to the side for hockey.
They have a great beer selection, both on tap and in the bottle. I got a Abita Vanilla Double Dog and it was excellent. A great beer to sip through and entire game. It was a bit chilly so we didn't spend a lot of time outside, but the patio area is awesome. Lots of seating and TV and almost like a hidden garden type vibe. I would love to go back in the summer to watch baseball or in the fall for college football. 
The bartender was awesome. He talked hockey with us and, after the game was over, told us he would be rooting for the Caps the rest of the playoffs. And that won me over.We reserved a private bar outside for our wedding after party, and it went swimmingly.  Our bartender (Shira) was amazing; the perfect mix of competent, courteous, and fun (she even stayed past the end of her shift because the party was still going).  All of the staff bent over backwards to make sure our guests were happy and having a great time.  The space itself is beautiful (it's outdoors and partially uncovered, but thankfully the weather cooperated); an excellent venue for a raucous get-together. The communication ahead of time was also excellent with David. The only thing we would have done differently was on our part. We overestimated how many folks would show up to the after party and didn't reach our minimum. We had to spend more than we would have liked, but the staff was great and helped us reach it and still have a good time. I would just suggest if you plan on renting the large patio for a private party, make sure you can hit the $1,000 minimum. That said, we still highly recommend The Rusty Nail.Exactally what we were looking for during our visit to Nola. Off the beaten path, a true locals hangout with a great chill outdoor atmosphere.Really enjoyed this bar!!! 
They have a great outdoor place plenty of room to hang out with locals and also eat!!
They have a hot dog Food truck!! Hot dogs and beer!!! On point!!! 
I will definitely come back here! 
Cheers from AZ!!This place has a great outdoor space, great for packing a big group of friends in.  In a fun area of the city, kind of away from other things, near a lot of cool buildings.  Seemed to have a great vibe!Fun neighborhood bar in the warehouse district; good selection of scotches (which I don't drink).  
About 4 times a year, they host Opera on Tap which is a fabulous way to check out some highbrow stuff in a lowbrow setting.I guess I always assumed this version of the bar would be more like the previous Mermaid Bar. That was a major dive, but The Rusty Nail seems much more hip. I guess the improvement of the warehouse district has classed up the place, and that is a good thing.
The best part of this bar is the patio. It is large with numerous seating areas. The tables are far enough apart that it is possible to have private conversations without fear of paparazzi eavesdropping. Not that the paparazzi follow me and listen for gossip, but you get the point.
The crowd here seems older and more mature than other bars in the area. I guess they may not necessarily be old, but the bar has a more relaxing vibe. 
If you're looking for a cool relaxed place to relax with friends, check out Rusty Nail.Cutest little spot in the Warehouse District right around the old home of SunRay Grill. You must come when the weather is decent and take advantage of the outside patio. Drinks were amazing...gotta order the Cool Breeze...and the wine selection doesn't disappoint. 
I'll certainly be back...when the weather stops being so bipolar.Great place for college football. Had the games on audio we wanted. Great beer selection and an amazing Frozen pimms cupGet a margarita and some tacos! Sit outside or play bingo. Cool place.So I LOVE this place!!! It's nothing fancy, but it's pretty darn great.  It being nothing fancy is a good thing in my opinion.  You don't feel like you're in a stuffy, up-tight place.  Rather a very laid-back, friendly neighborhood bar.  The bartenders are always super attentive.  As a bartender myself, I can appreciate that aspect above all else.  It seems as though the bartender can be on the other end of the bar and not have looked your way for the past ten minutes and all of a sudden, he knows you're nearly done with your drink and ready to bring another.  It's truly amazing.  The layout is nice too.  Up front with the stage, in back with video poker and food, or outside on the huge patio.  There's a spot for anyone.  The strangest thing is that their bathrooms are always pleasant which is almost unheard of in a bar, especially in this city.Good drinks, live music, and a very large outdoor patio area make this a great spot to be. Sometimes they have a food truck parked out front but if not don't expect food here.The Rusty Nail is okay. I don't know if I understand the obsession that some people have with that place. They serve decent drinks and the staff is nice and friendly.
The real selling point of "The Nail" is the patio. It's large and gorgeous and on a nice night you can sit out there with friends and have a really nice evening under the stars.
There's pretty much nothing else for me to add that hasn't been said already. I'll return to The Rusty Nail, but I won't go out of my way.This place is amazing, we are from south Florida and decided to have our Welcome Party here. It was a perfect spot for our wedding weekend kickoff. Zia, the events coordinator was so accommodating, helped us plan everything perfectly. The staff was truly amazing, made sure we had anything and everything we needed. The venue itself is unique and inviting. We had roughly 100 people there, every single one of them was truly blown away by the atmosphere and the staff. If you're in New Orleans, make sure you put this on your list to visit.Nice, clean. Strong & pricey drinks. Large, very nice back patio for the smokers, since they are non-smoking indoors (+). 
Went there for a non-profit event, which is probably my favorite part of the whole place! NP's can come in and earn $1/drink for alotted hours on a certain day. They allow one of them to serve as a guest bartender, making their 'specialty drink' that they pick out. Pretty sweet! I love places that can support a good NP org!I'll start off with the negative- the place looks fairly creepy from the outside. The main door is blocked and directs you to a small side door which had me a little sketched out as someone not from the area. Once we got inside the space was awesome and the patio was even more notable. An absolutely great outdoor space. My Moscow mule was noticeably missing the trademark copper cup but was solid otherwise  and the whole experience was great.cool neighborhood bar with nice outdoor patio.  bartenders are great and helped is get some food from The Butcher.This is my current local bar, that is totally discreet from the street front, but has a really cool back patio area, where you can order in food from outside and have it delivered. The bartenders are friendly, and I love that it's a short stroll to my house.Excellent atmosphere, excellent service and outstanding place to watch your favorite team play football!!! Can't say enough about the owners and the bartenders..... WILL RECOMMEND HIGHLY!!!!!Stiff drinks, friendly bartenders, reasonable prices. A five min walk from home if not less...bar I can go to alone when I want to get out for a bit.Great vibe, a very mixed crowd, and very good live music, La Cocinita food truck outside. Most recommended.Good service, wide selection of beers on tap.  We went on a Thursday to see NFL network football.  TVs on patio were being used for trivia, so we sat inside.  It is VERY loud.  Food from a food truck outside, none by the bar.This is a bit of a delayed post, but we had a wedding "welcome party" the friday night before our destination wedding in New Orleans (September 2016). We were able to reserve the large patio and have a private bartender.  Everyone absolutely loved the venue and had a great experience.  Would definitely recommend the Rusty Nail to anyone looking for a private party space rental!Nice little dive to grab a beer and relax.  Love the outdoor courtyard and the live musicI had been to the Rusty Nail several times, in the colder months, and simply thought the place was "OK."  I was recently on the patio and although it can be a bit loud (with fans blaring on your body-which are necessary to keep you cool!) I LOVE IT!  From the food truck outside to the ~30ish year old crowd.  I only ordered Cider (and now can't even remember which one) and it was priced about the same as most other bars in NOLA.
I will be returning-for the patio =)While I'm not a local, I will say that if you are a visitor who doesn't fancy themselves a tourist, this is a bar to seek out. Small, welcoming, and very barrish, you will feel the warm shroud of local color (albeit very safe and friendly local color) fall over your shoulders as you imbibe and enjoy. Go. I'm going to.Don't come here thirsty. Takes FOREVER to get drinks. It was me and a friend at the bar..only two people in the place except for the bartender and her friend. Bartender did not even acknowledge me until she was done with her convo with her friend. I was thirsty and needed a drink after being stuck in NO traffic after work.We did a 3 day bar crawl for my friend's 50th Birthday in New Orleans. Rusty Nail wasn't originally on my list but a friend in Austin TX, told me we should add it, so, trusting her, I went ahead and snuck it in for an hour stop on a Monday night.
I have to admit, it was one of my favorite stops on the trip. We were there late on Monday night so there were no sporting events playing on the TVs, which for me was awesome! It was just a chill bar with a side entrance and a large patio in the back. 
The bartender had a heavy hand and smile and laugh. 
I highly recommend coming here late night for a midnight cocktail. I have no idea how it is during prime time sports events, but for a chill bar later in the evening, big thumbs up!Love this spot when my recording studio was right by it. Cool hangout spot and very friendly staff. Cheap drinks and the music is always just right. There's TVs too if you want to watch the games.I like Rusty Nail because of the indoor-outdoor combo, and the back room is nice if there are a lot of people in your group (and you get there early enough). It's a typical bar and doesn't offer many speciality or fancy cocktails. (Meaning, don't go here if you're expecting a Cure-like experience). Bartenders are nice enough, which is always a plus.Great spot to watch a game or enjoy some time on the patio. Looking for a place to host your party? This is your place. Cochon Butcher (awesome sandwiches) delivers until 9. Great cocktails and beer selection. See y'all there.A little slice of heaven tucked under U.S. 90. Rusty Nail is somehow chill & full of activity all at once. To quote SNL's stefon, "this bar has everything." Easily the best courtyard outside of the French Quarter, frequent food truck visits, trivia, pop-up cooks, Shazam-worthy music playlist, sports showings and way more. I heard they even hosted a wedding recently!
Last Spring I called the owner to schedule a private event. He was a super nice and accommodating guy. Very easy to work with.
As an LSU fan I avoid Rusty Nail on college football gamedays due to the overflow of Roll Tide fans. But even as I drive by on those Saturdays I feel the draw because it looks like so much fun. I may have to swing by for a game next season. 
Yea, the parking situation is rough. You may have to park a block or two away and walk, but it's not enough to deter me from this boozy haven.I love the Rusty Nail because it's full of plenty of good and bad decisions...as is the Crescent City in which it resides.
Good decision:  "Lets go to 'the nail to watch the LSU world series game, lots of seats and great TVs!"
Bad decision:  Going to a bar after a NOLA wedding mid afternoon.
Good decision:  "I'll take a vodka tonic and my man friend will have a PBR"
Bad decision:  "WAIT!  You have lemon Firefly Sweet Tea Vodka!?!  Two LFSTVs on the rocks....juuuuuust a splash of water"
Good decision:  "Let's play shuffleboard"
Bad decision:  (at 5pm) "How about three of those mango shots written on the board!!"  Upon sniffing, realized that it was a Mango-MEISTER shot..mostly meister, not much mango...whoops
I've made plenty of good and bad decisions at the nail, mostly bad though....which is why I highly recommend this place.  Bring your friends, or your dog any time of day!Great place for a drink! The staff is super friendly and accommodating. We hosted a social there and it was a huge success due in part to the amazing staff and location. The place was packed, it was obviously a favorite of many!Time for my tetanus shot. I've been beaten by The Rusty Nail. 
And you know what? I'd do it again.
Away from the cluster F that is the French Quarter and not quite under the freeway (90) is this kitschy little bar. 
There's no-smoking policy, so outside you'll come across stadium seats with folks puffin' away. Inside, find live music, a crazy good scotch selection and cocktail menu http://www.therustynail.biz/bar.html, the aromas of deep-fried foods; and step outside to a surprisingly large patio.
On this particular night, we enjoyed a lively show from Jenn Howard and Crazy McGee (think Janice Joplin), downed Moscow Mules and contemplated our next move. This, for me, was a great place to start the night out.Walking into the Rusty Nail was kind of a shocker! With it's name, the fact that it's pretty much under an overpass, and it's outside appearance I was expecting just another dive bar. To my surprise I was met by friendly smiling bartenders, a super clean but character filled atmosphere, and a killer patio! I can't wait to come watch a game here some time. The crowd was mixed, a lot of young business professionals seemed to be descending on the place after work.  Good pours, fair prices, and a great vibe. I'll be back soon to experience some live music and as I said before, check out a game on their sweet patio.Went here for a party Halloween night...the three stars are mostly just because of the music selection.  If the music was better, then it would have gotten another star.  In a quiet part of the city and is somewhat hidden.Great drinks, live music, trivia night.  Great neighborhood bar, not a dump, beautiful patio.  Everyone is friendly.This is a great neighborhood bar located in the Warehouse District.  It's a hidden bar spot, but the place was lively and packed when we got there after dinner our first night.  It was recommended by our waiter and he told us that it's a popular bar where locals hang out, and he was right.  When we came here they were doing trivia night from the '90's, and everyone was participating, which made the atmosphere more fun.  They do have a large patio area and service goes out there.  I had a lemonade slushy drink which I saw at the bar for only six bucks, and it was loaded with vodka.  They have a good alcohol list, with many different liquors for whatever suits you.  And, dogs are allowed.  Great bar.The Rusty Nail is a neighborhood bar that has much to offer. In addition to having an enjoyable space indoors the outside area is what really makes the bar unique. The patio that is well equipped with many places to hang out is dangerously adapted to keeping you comfortable and ordering many drinks. During our stay I went with their frozen negroni that was perfectly refreshing and appeased my thirst. I am always impressed with these bars in New Orleans that are such dives but crank out amazing and balanced cocktails. I get the sense it would be a great place to meet new friends and could easily become my go to spot if staying in the area longer.I have only been here once. The patio is awesome, great music, great service, and a pretty good draft selection. They had Stone IPA so I was cool with it. 
The one drawback is no food, but they usually have a food truck outside you can hit up. I will be coming here for a Saints game soon.Nice, authentic New Orleans bar frequented by mostly college age locals. Bartenders are friendly and drink prices are reasonable. I recommend going to the outside area, which is a lot more active and comfortable than the small inside bar.I really love this place.  
*Bartenders are really fast and make a great cocktail. 
*Not overpriced, considering how big the drinks are. 
*The patio is a great spot to hang out and people watch.  
*Live music.
Bonus:
**The restrooms are always clean. 
***Your clothes don't smell like smoke when you leave.
Street parking, no surprise there.Fantastic locals bar in the Warehouse District of New Orleans. My drinking companion and I thought this was a wonderful place to get a few adult beverages.  Our favorite by far was the Cool Brees.  It is so refreshing and can be enjoyed anytime. The Front Porch is also another drink worth mentioning.  Delicious. Great bar staff.   My favorite new bar!Complete selection of drinks.  Pleasant patio for the warehouse disyrict, though there is considerable traffic noisefrom the nearby Crescent City Connection.  It takes some effort to find nearby parking.  Good place for large groups, though people need to talk over the noise.  Feels like an oasis compared to most other bars in the area.The outdoor seating was the only thing that was good about this place. Stood at the bar to get drinks for a long while before I was even acknowledged. Bartender was busy waiting on customers who just walked into the bar, who weren't even ready to order. Whatever I'll take my business elsewhere!Tucked away in the CBD between warehouses and apartment buildings sits a little oasis. Though I perceived this bar to specialize in cocktails like the rusty nail, this a neighborhood-after work-Alabama fan joint. Lots of locally crafted beers on tap and a large, lush courtyard with lots of seating and TVs.Had a silent auction event here for NOLABulls MSRide fundraising.  Apparently there was some miscommunication and we were placed in the parking lot instead of one of the marked off areas.  But we made do and had a hell of a time.  The Rusty Nail was gracious enough to donate some of the proceeds for the night to our cause.  And the event went on without a hitch.My fiance and I had reserved a space on the outdoor patio for some drinks with 50 of our friends - yes, 50. David of the Rusty Nail was able to accommodate our group and made our night very special. This place is great as you order drinks from the bar and can order food from local restaurants and food trucks. At other places in the area, they typically want a credit card for the whole party with waitress service. That is great for some people, but the Rusty Nail allows you to order your own drinks on separate tabs. This was perfect for our group. We had perfect weather and when it was time for another party to move into the patio space, Ivan was very accommodating and grabbed our group a couple of large patio tables. We had so much fun there and definitely would recommend it for large groups. Thank you David and the Rusty Nail team!All around great bar.
The staff is always friendly and attentive. The outdoor patio has a great ambience. And Tuesday night trivia is always a blast.Oh Rusty Nail. Thanks for being you. I don't know what I would do without my trusty neighborhood bar, besides go home before 2 AM. 
The vibe of the Rusty Nail is not what you are expecting when you initially happen upon this place. Kinda dark, yes. Behind the warehouse condo, yes. Is this a dive bar? No it most certainly is not a dive, despite some people's allegations.
The inside is cozy, the outside has a great patio. Both have excellent vibes. It has great music acts here, along with Opera on Tap when it's in season. Also, I like the food trucks and pop up kitchens that visit often. 
Drink prices are on par with the area, except the Crispin Cider draft. For some reason it costs $7 here where everywhere else it's $5. Also, like Lindsay A., I love me some Disco Lemonade... sweet disaster awaits......In the spirit of full disclosure I have to say I honestly miss the previous bar at this location, the Mermaid (that was a super dive bar nearly on par with Snake'n Jakes for sheer shady dive awesomeness with the addition of cool live music a la Saturn Bar like).  They did quite an extensive renovation of this space and it looks all very shiny, new, and Warehouse Districty like now with none of its past dive glory remaining.  This is the headquarters of all things associated with the University of Alabama and they have nearly all their local events here.  During college game days this place will be at least 99% Alabama folks and a whole lot of them any other time.  They do have food here but I've never sampled any of it but it looked like some decent outdoor grill type fare.  They have a nice outdoor patio and it is great that they are non-smoking inside.  Parking can be very tight and often a pain in the area so I usually try to park farther away and walk a bit to avoid the congestion and crazy parking people do that often block other cars in.  So far I've had ok times here but nothing close to the fun I used to have at the Mermaid Lounge.Great selection of drink, friendly staff, awesome outdoor patio, and plenty of tvs to watch all the big games. I'm currently watching the NBA Finals, Cope America, and the College baseball regionals. Can't beat that my dudes. Check this place out.It's a hole in the wall place.They take tables out to have people standing for dancing with the live bands they have!Once we were comfortably ensconced at a table on the patio at The Rusty Nail, beers in hand, I looked around and realized that I felt like we were sitting in a friend's backyard. Not that all of our friends' yards have palmetto trees decked out with string lights -- just that it was a comfortable, low-key atmosphere that takes advantage of one of New Orleans' finest attributes: year-round outside weather. The owners have taken care to make it feel outdoorsy, with lots of plants and trees to absorb the scent of beer and frying oil. There was a semi-private area off to the side where some nicely-dressed girls were celebrating a 30th birthday party with balloons and cocktails. A group of guys was playing darts in the "Mermaid Lounge." Neon signs added ambiance without seediness, thanks to the green everywhere. Of course, some of the patrons got a little rowdy, but that's the case at most parties, right?
My biggest complaint is all the televisions: I don't understand why people go out if all they want to do is stare at a screen, and I don't like that many establishments encourage it. Thankfully, the volume was low, but they were still a distraction, especially outside. It would be much nicer to just hear and see the other people out for a beer on a warm New Orleans night. Speaking of beer, they had some great local microbrews; I didn't order the drinks, so can't comment on the service, but the guys returned quickly each time so it must have been relatively efficient. I will also say that the interior is just what you would expect from a name like "The Rusty Nail:" oppressively dark with the suggestion of widespread grime. Thankfully, if the weather is nice, all you have to do is walk through it to reach the oasis on the other side.The courtyard is amazing. They have an unexpectedly large beer selection. I only wish that they served food. They accommodate hungry patrons by having food trucks. Also Magazine st, Pizza will deliver to the courtyard or in the bar. Drink and be happy.My experience may be a little different as I rented out the venue for a private event for some of our advertising clients who were in New Orleans for a conference. But still, I wanted to rave about the expertise of the staff and the awesome venue itself.
David who helped coordinate the event while I was still in DC was amazing to work with. He answered even the smallest detail question with patience. The bar staff for the event (Ben, Nathaniel, Logan) were engaging and, like true bartenders, had great knowledge on suggesting drinks for my guests. Chris, our on-site contact was intent on making sure everyone had a great time. And that they did.
The inside is a great true sports bar with multiple TVs and a myriad of games. The patio is relaxing and luckily our day was not too hot and had a light breeze.
We hosted several food trucks off the Rusty Nail patio for food for our guests. David again helped me with suggestions on good food. All the trucks were delicious. My guests were astounded by the choices and the sizes of the meals.
I could not be more thankful to David and The Rusty Nail team for making our event such a success!The Rusty Nail is my go-to neighborhood bar.  The staff is friendly (what's up, Lee!?), the scotch selection is great, and the patio is amazing.  It also doesn't hurt that it is walking distance from my apartment...
I have taken my parents, coworkers, and out-of-town friends here, and everyone has enjoyed themselves.  The patio is key for nice warm NOLA evenings!  And, you can bet the televisions are playing the relevant sporting events of the day...  The crowd is chill but diverse:  I can come in dressed up or down and yet not feel out of place.  And a food truck parked outside!?!
All in all:  solid.  Rusty nail, don't ever change.
PS-  the Movember mustache competition is some of the best fun I have had in New Orleans to date.This review is mainly for Foodie Call food truck...highly impressed with the quality of food and the extremely unique menu! The boudin biscuit, Brie blt, and the shrimp and grits- I think the best I ever had! Totally think this is by far the best food truck in the city!!! Not an option... A must!!! You're welcome! Boom!Great place for a happy hour when the patio is open and weather is good. Otherwise it can get crowded! Nice staff, good location (you don't even notice the intrastate, even on the patio!), and usually a food truck outside for eats.Fun, chill, clean and friendly. Need I say more. 
I'm not usually a bar-goer, but this place was really fun. The very long bar can accommodate lots of patrons. There are lots of tables and seating areas. All are clean. Menus are readily available on clip boards on the wall. The bar is super well stocked. 
On Tuesday nights they host bar trivia which is super enjoyable. 
I'd come again.Love this corner bar, really chill!We had a private party at the Rusty Nail and had an overall fantastic experience. Our bartenders were really great - very personable, knowledgeable, and quick to get our group served. Zia was terrific in helping us set up the event and made everything easy. The location and the outside patio they reserved for us was very nice and their draft beer, whiskey, and scotch selection is outstanding. Overall, we were very very pleased. Would definitely recommend this place as a chill hangout spot or a place to hold a private event.Perfect neighborhood bar.
Good selection of liquor.
They've been steadily improving the outdoor patio area, which is fantastic on a nice-weather evening/afternoon.Still a big fan of this place EXCEPT during a Saints game. OMG!  I haven't been here before when its that cray cray crowded.  Ugh.  My drinking buddies, SIL & BIL wanted to try the bloody Mary DIY bar and knew it was only on sundays during a morning or early afternoon game.  My glob, this place was packed!  Which I am sincerely happy for the Rusty Nail that they kill it when its game day, but its way too crowded for this big boy.  The lines at the bar looked ridiculous.  Outside is a cash only bar but no seating was left. First come first served. As it should be.  We left and returned to the Westbank and hit Algiers Cheers instead.  Just as much fun but more room and seating. 
Anyways, I wouldn't suggest your first visit here to be during game day. Any other sunday or day of the week is perf.  I still adore this place ;-)Hands Down favorite bar to watch any sporting event. The patio sells itself and there are Tv's literally everywhere you turn. Cocktails are actually made well and they have a good beer selection. For a neighborhood bar, they have some kickass bartenders honestly. I recently took some friends from Austin, Tx. (They claim to have the best patios for drinking) they fell in love as soon as we grabbed a table in front of the big TV for some football. All around nice bartenders and friendly patrons. Five staaahzzzzzFun place to meet friends and watch an Alabama game. Lively with great bartenders and drinks.Disco Lemonade. It has been the end of many of a warm NOLA night for me. Rusty Nail has been many things for me. It is a great bar to start in, with a great selection of scotch and knowledgeable bartenders to make a delicious drink to open the door of possibilities for the night. A good bar to spend the evening in, complete with a lovely patio to enjoy the night air and chat with friends. Lastly, a bar to end the night drinking one too many Disco Lemonades before heading home. There is usually a food truck outside for some grub in between drinks. Overall, a relaxed place to enjoy some drinks with friends and a local crowd.In the location formally known as the Mermaid.
Just adjacent to the Cotton Mill where I used to live before I moved to DC, two weeks before Hurricane Katrina.
Now a very low profile bar that seems to cater to the Serivice Industry.
Back in the Day, I saw Death Cab For Cutie, I believe it was 2004.
Great beer selection, they have LA 31.Awesome bar! Cool, laidback and fun atmosphere!! Unofficial Bama bar, great place to watch a game :)There are a few things in life that make me really happy. Among them are drinks with friends, hanging out with my dog and supporting a good cause. The Rusty Nail rocks because I can combine all those things in one great establishment!  Each Thursday they allow organizations to host a fundraiser with $1 of each drink donated! Other nights they always have a different great event going on and they just started serving food as well! 
As other reviewers have stated, The Rusty Nail voluntarily went non-smoking, but you can smoke outside on their large patio in the back (with a huge tv so you can still catch whatever sporting event you came out for).  They are dog friendly and again, they have a huge patio outside so if it gets too crowded you and your four legged friend can mosey on outside!  Overall its a great chill bar, perfect for so many occasions!Rusty Nail is great for sports. They have a magnificent courtyard and always have some of the best food trucks in the business outside. Parking is always a pain in the butt. I usually ride bike over or cab it.Rusty Nail has a great courtyard for larger parties; the inside is on the smaller side and gets crowded on the weekends. I actually like coming here on weeknights better. It's more of an after work crowd and they have trivia on Thursdays and it's a lot of fun, win or lose.  Weekends can be a bit more preppy, but that's not a bad thing. You have to get the disco lemonade at least once in your life. It's so refreshing and the perfect frozen drink for summer (or any season). I don't even like frozen drinks and I like this one! The bartenders are also really cool and helpful, even when it gets busy you won't wait long for a drink.I reserved the small patio area at the Rusty Nail for an engagement party I was throwing for some friends. When I arrived 30 minutes early, the manager and bartender were already outside and came right over to introduce themselves. In true New Orleans fashion, the weather was not cooperating and there was a storm that was likely to hit right as friends were supposed to arrive. Luckily, they had already thought ahead and reserved some space inside for us in case the weather did take a turn for the worse. We decided to take them up on their offer and move our small party inside. The guys were so awesome and even set up an extra table for us and covered the piano in the back so we could put food on top. We had a wonderful time celebrating the engagement and were checked on multiple times throughout the evening by at least 4-5 different staff members. Everyone was so kind and helpful and although I was sad we were unable to make use of the beautiful patio area, they were on point and able to accommodate us regardless of the weather. I will definitely be continuing to frequent the Rusty Nail often and I recommend them to everyone, whether you are looking for a place to have a gathering, or just looking for a chill place with good vibes to grab a drink.Very nice place, not a dive at all. I walked in and went straight to the patio to meet friends. I liked the big tvs, would be fun to watch a game out there. Nice, laid back crowd, very low creep factor. Drinks were okay. Food truck parked outside for your convenience. Parking situation is terrible. The only reason I was able to find a spot was because I started off at American Sector and just walked over. I tried to meet friends there again Friday night but ended up going home because I couldn't find anywhere to park.I've been to the Rusty Nail twice since I moved to town and have enjoyed it on both occasions, though my experiences were quite different.
My first visit was after White Linen night and the place was PACKED. I spent most of the evening on the patio, which was a lot of fun. I went back again recently on a regular Saturday night and it was much more chill. There were people there, but it wasn't too hard to get a table for three, where I hunkered down to enjoy a few beers with two buddies. There was a guy playing some live music who was pretty good. He took requests, so I had a good time shouting out song suggestions and then shouting along when he played my tunes. 
The only major complaint about Rusty Nail is that it's a big Bama bar. As an LSU fan, this is not cool. But I guess Bama fans are people too. I guess...Here is my review, written in quicktips:
**They have shuffleboard! And food! The kitchen is open 'til midnight.
**For some reason, I always seem to hear Queens of the Stoneage at Rusty Nail. One of the bartenders must like that band or something.
**They're non smoking! Yay! And they have a patio. Which, I assume, is the reason they were able to make the decision to go smoke free.
**They've got a jug of water by the front door. I love it when bars do that, so you don't have to bug the bartender for water.
**Awesome patio. Everyone is outside even though the AC is full-blast inside.
Overall, I'm fan of this bar, even if I have a hard time finding it. It's tucked away in a corner of the Warehouse District that my poor little navigation-challenged brain can't quite place in the grand scheme of New Orleans. Plus all the one way streets in that neighborhood will f*ck with you. Once I manage to get there, however, I'll happily hang out indefinitely. It's just getting there that's the problem...My new favorite bar in New Orleans! Located in a quaint little corner downtown, The Rusty Nail is a hidden gem. The owner is friendly, the bartenders are talented, and the space is beautiful - especially the outdoor courtyard. My favorite drink is the caipirinha, which tasted authentic and delicious. On a hot day, their grasshound on ice is the perfect refresher. If you're a beer person they also have a great selection of craft brews on tap. This place is a "must visit" in the Big Easy!Kickass bar. This place is kind of in the middle of nowhere, considering we were in town for a bachelor party, but it's a great place to watch a game and kick it on the massive patio. Cool dudes working, good beer menu and excellent bloodies.The Rusty Nail is the best spot for anything. It's a good place to grab drinks before dinner, meeting spot for your friends, catching the game.. I mean, I could go on, but 'anything' covers 'everything.' Drinks are good and well priced. There's the occasional food trucks and pop up grill in the patio. 
Definitely the first bar I want to visit when anything comes up.Typical dive bar.
Alabama fans are welcomed.
The bartenders serve me mimosas at night without giving me weird looks :)Came here for the Saints / Cowboy game. 
It's crowded. You might have to stand in line for a bit just to get a beer. You might not find a seat if you don't get there early enough so you'll have to stand. But what would you expect? It's game day and the Saints are doing well. 
It's not as rusty as its name suggests. The atmosphere and its clientele is clean and fun -- and it's smoke-free inside. On game day multiple TVs can be found throughout the bar with sound piped throughout. 
There's a respectable selection of beer on draft served by some pretty efficient and friendly bartenders. On game day (at least yesterday) you'll find a food truck outside.
I'll be going back for more. Score!The drinks are decent,  the staff seems friendly but it is a lie! The drinks are decent, but once you are in don't ask for help. They say they will help, they then become busy, and then nothing!!! Useless facies, dummies I'm from Cali you game is not fooling me...whatever, if you kept people happy they would spend more money!!! Knowledge is power and you clearly don't have it...should be genuine with your customers and/or honest. If you aren't going to do something like move a heat lamp as you promised just say that. Lying gets you no where!I heart David!
David is the very laid back and friendly bartender w/ a great attitude, super friendly smile, and those "gorgeous blue eyes."
Not sure about the eyes (ha, Vi!!!), but David is soooo friendly and he definitely knows how to serve.  Tell him what you want and don't want and let him make you something!  Thanks so much for the passion fruit cocktail..it was definitely tart and smooth!
My friends and their coworkers from Rock-n-Sake come here on a regular basis and I can see why, this bar is really nice - fantastic wooden floors and the bar is gorgeous!  It's not too basic and bare, but definitely not too frou-frou w/ frills!  
We walked in and there was a number of office workers winding down enjoying their beers.  But it seems that a lot of ppl here are just enjoying themselves and relaxing.  We settled in and enjoyed ourselves for 2 hrs at the bar - just laughing (oh man the topics!) and rolling the dice.  I really like it b/c it's quaint and not too busy and so chill - no need to worry about strangers!
Bathroom is cllleeeeaaaannnn!  What more can a girl ask for???My new favorite hang-out bar. This is my second time coming here... and during a Saints game. Their food is AMAZING! I should have taken a picture of it, but I was so hungry and it looked so good, I didn't want to share the love at the moment. You have to try their burgers and the disco lemonade. Its awesome. I also love that there is no smoking allowed. I HATE going to bars specifically for this reason, because I don't want to reek of cigs and the smell makes me want to puke! So that's an automatic 2 stars for that. I would give them 6-stars if I could. Also, very friendly bartenders. Andrew was my bartender last night and he was awesome. I'll be coming back and bringing friends for sure!Stopped in for some NFL--raucous, yet everything you needed or wanted was exactly right! Really cool back patio with TV's; comfortable inside and GREAT staff. Never waited long for a drink and prices were reasonable (always welcome in this town). Dog friendly, people friendly...just a good time all around.Hold on to your credit card receipts from here. I went to the Rusty Nail for the first time the other night. I ordered two PBRs and a double vodka tonic. The bill was under $20. Great. However, went to look at my bank statement today and I was charged $42. Easy way to make money, I guess. Will not be going back here because of this reason.Hosted a birthday party crawfish boil at the Rusty Nail last Friday night (May 19th). Outside patio was very welcoming and Zia the event coordinator was wonderful to work with. Even though it was humid the fans really helped and we enjoyed sitting around having drinks until the sun went down. Also they had 1/2 priced bottles of wine which was a definite plus. Will be sure to stop by this jewel next time we are in town. Thank you Rusty Nail for your Southern Charm & Spirit!!So cute with great beer options and a great back porch! No food but you can order pizza and get it delivered!Amazing and big courtyard! Totally what a New Orleans bar is all about!I had the pulled pork sandwich and they had a lot of good beers up there. Like a new Abita Black IPA limited run. The place is really big if the patio is in effect which it was in the beautiful pale moon light of a New Orleans evening. This place tries to look low brow but the ritzy condos that surround it give it away as a much nicer place. The patio or court yard is one of the nicest in town to me and the drinks are strong and served by people with Tattoos which is the traditional New Orleans way. The people at the open mic were over the top good.Quick helpful bartenders & barback! Welcoming atmosphere & happy people. Recommended the Grasshound & a local Amber beer, 10/10 :)The Rusty Nail is just a spacious, chill bar with decent-to-good live music often and cheap prices. The place is better equipped than the typical dive bar, and there are plenty of interesting drink options listed -- including an assortment of single malt scotches. I tend to stick to beer, though. 
Bartenders are friendly. Jen Howard, an extremely talented local soul/blues singer, performs here often. There's a spacious patio outside. The crowd is somewhat eclectic and draws from the neighborhood. There is a fairly large contingent of aging frat boys here, but they are generally respectful and occasionally entertaining. 
But the BEST thing about the Rusty Nail? No smoking indoors. You don't leave all wheezy and gross smelling. Great decision on the part of the management, and it doesn't seem to have hurt business. You can still smoke on the patio and out front.This is an in incredible place with delicious frozen drinks and plenty of outdoor space. I highly encourage any fan of football to come here on an Alabama SaturdayThis place has a terrible attitude and stinks like urine.
My band was asked to play a show there for a party and upon tuning our instruments, someone who worked there said we were too loud.  We said we were just figuring out our levels and could turn it down for them. However, when we were met with more antagonism we decided to pack up and leave. As we were heading out, they turned up  their own bar music way louder than our initial sound check. 
This was a terrible experience for my band. We showed no disrespect to them and they were extremely rude to us. Not to mention the party who wanted us was to play was pretty frustrated too.Bartenders are quick and attentive, best combo. Frozen pimms cups are amazing in the summer and there's usually an excellent food truck outside. Beautiful spacious outdoor area that's great for groups. If you're in the warehouse district or looking for a reason to be, it's the place to go.Oh how I love The Rusty Nail. This bar in the awesome Warehouse District is the the bees knees, y'all. The front area of the bar is pretty crowded but the patrons are cool as hell and if you get a little claustrophobic up front, there's a super cool area in the back with a bunch of tables where you can sit and chat with new friends and old ones. 
The drinks are cheap, the Bloody Mary is spicy and strong and full of those luscious green garnishes y'all know I love.
Even better...there's a huge outdoor patio filled with lush, tropical plants and trees and plenty of seating for everyone. Do yourself a favor and check this place out. I'm sure you'll love it like I do.
Oh, and speaking of the bees knees... the last time I was there I could have sworn I saw a very tall beekeeper molesting a tree. It was very strange, to say the least. I guess it could have been those bloody Mary's, but I really don't think so. It was so real. That poor tree. Bad beekeeper!Awesome dive bar with frozen pims cups, friendly bar keeps, good prices, and an awesome patio. Wish there weren't tvs out there- but you can't win em all... (Unless you want tvs- then I guess you did.)I love a good dog friendly bar! The bartenders are super helpful and kind. The place is very clean and the outside patio is gorgeous! I've never had food here so I can't comment on that. Only downside is that this is a Bama bar. The owner is an alum so you'll se Bama stuff at the bar and during football season you'll want to steer clear. Other than that the place is cute and a fun place to drink!Attitude and shitty service.  Had a wrap party for a movie,  they ran the band off before they even started and played crap hipster  noise really loud. I am an original film maker from new Orleans and have many wrap parties here.  And always the same attitude.  From now on All wrap parties will be held at one eye Jacks  and the howlin wolf!. Two thumbs down!Awesome location.  Very cool.  Cool place to go for music too cuz small and band is in your face.  nice outside courtyard too.  
they had a food truck outside, french cheesy..or something like that with a dog painted on the side.  very very very very good.  fantastic sliders and amazing fries cooked in truffle oil.  slamdunk.  fantastic.  i
i wish i went here more.Great atmosphere and great beer selection. Ben the bartender was the man! The patio was awesome. We will definitely be backIf you're looking for a good drink and some stellar service, stop in. This place is much bigger than it looks from the outside and has a really friendly neighborhood bar feel. Next time I come into town this will be my first stop. It's much more relaxed than most of the places in NOLA I've been to so far.Good local college bar, perfect setting for the NOLA food truck soire.This is a great spot for a drink and watching game. The setting is nice and there's plenty of room.  I will absolutely return and would recommend itLOVE the Rusty Nail. It's a hidden gem. I have been visiting the bare a few years now and it just keeps getting better.  When I first started going it was your regular old dive bare with live music most nights of the week, but they have gradually made improvements over time. They made the outdoor seating area which has a huge tv screen for watching games, and banned smoking inside which was the best move they could have made. Then they added some fancy drinks to their repetoire. They have still have music most nights, the last time I went they had a spoken word guy on the mic.  This is a great place to go and it's usually packed for Saints games.  A lot of the crowd comes from people living in the nearby apartments, but I will make the drive from uptown to visit this one.energizing. mellow. fun. welcoming. non -pretentious. air conditioned. fans on the patio. cheap drinks. good folks.HUGE patio. spacious bar.Great CBD locals hideaway. It can get a little douchey at times but they have an awesome courtyard perfect for sittin outside on a hot and steamy summer night.Very cool bar with outdoor seating. Bartenders were great and made really good "mule" cocktails. They don't serve food but let you order out from a bunch of great local places. Would highly recommend if you are looking for a casual hang out.Great drinks! Try one of the array of concoctions. Attentive bartenders! Great sandwiches sold outside during games!Great bar with a great staff!! 
Love going here to relax with a nice draft beer or a stiff one. The patio is beautiful, I'm a sucker for great patios and it doesn't disappoint. 
It's also fun on game days, they have tvs throughout the bar and patio. You can't go wrong with the Rusty NailNice location, nice garden out back. Weak drinks and crummy wells. I went as part of a sponsored event. Clearly, not their main audience. Haven't been there for music, which is I why I assume the inside is dark and sticky?I'm a big fan of this place because it's not at all what it seems. From the outside you would think its a little neighborhood dive, kinda dark and kinda quiet...and it kinda is (at the smallish interior bar), but much like a mullet, the party is in the back.  It's all about the outside courtyard patio.  It's huge out there and theres plenty of tables and chairs, outdoor bar, TVs and music.  
There's always food trucks around to grab a bite to eat, the drink prices are pretty reasonable, the staff is nice, and there's usually a good crowd of primarily young professionals who live in the nearby condos.  
You can rent out a part of the patio for private parties or apparently rent out the whole dang  place because last month my friends booked the entire place for their Monday night wedding, and it was positively charming and beautiful.  Looking for a cool place for a private party or to even get hitched, check out the Rusty Nail.  ;)This place is just neighborhood hole in the wall happiness.  Great people, kickass service, pimped out patio.  Locals abound.Cool, really cool!!!! Had a great time!!!!!! Let the good times roll!!!!! Love my NOLAMore of a locals place. Had a funky bathroom smell when you walked in. Staff were friendly and fast. Only drank so can't comment on the food.We stopped in here for a quick drink as we were walking back to our hotel from the Garden District. We were very disappointed with it. The staff were not very friendly at all and quite slow in responding to us.  Their signature lemonade was pretty good, but I would not get it again.  I would definitely try this place again, it was just not a great first experience.I had never been to this bar until we stopped here for a school bar crawl--you've gotta love New Orleans.  It's got a country/barn decor thing happening, with a huge outdoor space and indoor seating.  The bartenders were friendly and quick, even with a group of 60 people suddenly swarming the bar.  The firefly and lemonades are served in mason jars, keeping with the country theme, and they were perfectly poured and delicious.  I will be back without the school crowd for sure.4/5 great, friendly place. really like that patio!
i like the space alot. it's a bit of an escape and once i'm in the patio i don't even notice that it's right by the expressway. the folks who run the place seem really nice, and it's big enough that all the different folks can have their fun without it feeling like i'm being crowded. the drinks aren't bad (standard stuff), and i could happily spend a friday evening here after work.I like this bar, mainly because I like all bars that serve Guinness. 
Recently we entertained friends from Lafayette and took them to a few places around town.  The Rusty nail caters largely to a locals crowd.  There's a few hotels near by and the smart visitor should venture in for a couple of cocktails.  The bar is long with several bartenders running up and down its length pouring beers and mixing beverages.  Someone is always quick to take your order.
That's a big plus, even with a crowded bar.  
But the real jewel of this place is the patio.  Several tables  amongst lights, a large TV/TVs make this place a destination.  The crowd is diverse and you may catch:
A mixed group of people wearing festive hats
Pretty ladies strutting their youthfulness 
Industry types discussing tomorrow's film shoot
Sports fans clad in shades of purple and yellow or black and gold 
Familiar friends
You name it, they all come, a crowd of many happy people.
On this night a large amiable friend with four legs ambled in with his handler.  At some point throughout the night, it seemed like every person went over to pet him(including our out of town guests). It was cold and the Nail had set up several outdoor heaters and the TV was playing the scheduled LSU game.  We had a few cocktails, watched the game, laughed, petted large doggies, and laughed some more.  Our friends really enjoyed themselves and said they will return.  I will of course because I like hidden gems in the city.
And as I left, I pressed a hurricane bot into the doorman's hand. He lit up and said "hey longtime no see friend, I have my other one on my shelf" 
It had been awhile, I gotta fix that. You certainly won't have to twist my arm.This is the place we went to before and after the WWII museum.  The service was fantastic and the drinks were necessary after experiencing the WWII museum.  The atmosphere is really cool and the outside is right by the overpass, which somehow is awesome.  This place is a hole in the wall that you have to go too.  Don't miss this!this place was near our hotel, so we deicded to walk there. From the ouside at first didnt seem very friendly but once we came in we where very wrong the staff are super freindly. kind of place you just sit down and start talking to all the locals. We didnt get to sit in the patio but by the looks of it it looked pretty cool and welcoming. their Bloody marys where the bomb. they didnt have a food menu but that still didnt affect my solid 5 stars. very down to earth, relaxing and friendly.Great spot To kick back and watch the game on the outdoor tv! They can make any drink you can think of even a real Pisco sour.I used to walk past here all the time and never stopped in...until last week. It was nothing I expected - it took me back to college days, but with better booze. However, I was sadly disappointed by the disco lemonade. I was hoping it packed a bigger punch. I'll have to come back and spend some quality time with the pooch and pals.One of my favorite spots in that part of downtown.  I usually end up there at the end of an event downtown and have a bunch of people meet there and have a pretty rockin time.  Great for watching SEC football during the season.  Place gets packed during football season in the day time and I love some day drinking.Typically have a good time at Rusty Nail. Big bar means there's plenty of opportunity for service. Patio is excellent (as is the Disco Lemonade). Only detractor can be a large, shitty crowd. But that could one any bar in NOLA. Parking can be a challenge, but if you luck out and find a spot, you're in for a fun night. Good food trucks/pizza near by.Great downtown bar that straddles the line between dive and classy joint. Recently changed to no smoking indoors, but that's okay because their patio area is one of the nicest in town - spacious, clean and plenty of fans for those hot summer nights. Bar serves strong and affordable beverages from a nice selection by friendly bartenders. Plus, the talented Jen "Motha F*in" Howard may mix a drink or sing a song for you, depending on the day. They still have the Mermaid Lounge sign up in the back of the patio, giving homage to its predecessor. Tip: there is a parking lot reserved for Nail patrons that you can get to behind the bar, off of Calliope. Dog friendly and they have food though I haven't tried it yet. Their support of various nonprofits through guest bartender nights is just the cherry on top!Great night. We just arrived at the Marriott and at 1:30 AM we needed some food and some drinks. The Rusty Nail as others stated is a great local bar that treats people right.My husband and I had a pre-wedding party at the Rusty Nail two weeks ago - we had around 100 guests and rented a spot in the garden courtyard. Quite simply it was an amazing party.  The Rusty Nail is a fabulous venue where the staff and events team go above and beyond. Zia was fantastic and helped us put on a wonderful spread complete with custom frozen drinks! Our guests were raving about the location, quality of the drinks and friendliness of the staff.    Zia also recommended a wonderful caterer to help with the occasion. Highly recommend! Thank you again! -Lindsey and MattI loved this bar!!! It seems crowded and overwhelming when you walk in, but once you grab a drink you can head out back to their remarkably spacious patio! It is so much fun and they played great music. It is especially great if you're with people who don't smoke, you can sit in the fresh air and enjoy a tasty beverage. We both got bloody mary's...our bar tender made a horrible one, but I am sure some of them are talented at making them! If you want a reliable one though go to the cafe adelaide swizzle bar, they make a fantastic one every time. 
Definitely check this bar out though, I had the best time and wish I had been able to go once more.My kind of place:
1.  Ice cold beers, only $3
2. Impressive selection of quality bourbons. 
3. Good music (DJ) spinning real vinyl.What a great find after all the chaos of Bourbon Street! We stumbled upon it during an AL game that had the bar packed.  A fun crowd, nice atmosphere, and reasonable prices.  It was easy to get a drink and find a place to stand or sit.  We were thrilled to have found it and would definitely go back during our next visit.Really love this place. Stopped by for a few beers before the Saints playoff game. McLure's BBQ was serving food out front, pretty solid pulled pork. Abita reps were there, handing out free shirts and sponsoring an endzone celebration dance competition for two free tickets to the game. It was highly entertaining to watch. The DJ was playing some awesome music to get people hyped for the game, and the bartenders were very friendly and working hard all day. Great selection of beers and liquor. Huge patio outside, and the weather had warmed up just enough this weekend to sit outside and pass the time.The Rusty Nail has great courtyard, good beer selection, and there is always a good food truck out front ( varies depending on the evening). I've been here with friends and for events and find the service good and friendly; no attitudes here.. I've always had a fun night when I've visited The Rusty Nail.This little off-the-beaten-path gem is worth finding! There are so many things that are right about the Rusty Nail, but the courtyard/patio sets it apart from the average neighborhood watering hole. Combine this with friendly service, great beer selection and a food truck out front called "Foodie Call"... Sign me up!Found this place before the Texas vs Georgia football game.  It was packed. Unbelievable bar selection. Clean bathroomsThis is the first spot we hit when we arrived to NOLA for my birthday trip. 
The atmosphere was nice, just a bunch of people trying to get a drink and have a good time. Unfortunately we arrived on a rainy day and didn't get to enjoy the patio area, but we met some good people while enjoying some good cheap drinks. The bartender was super friendly and helpful. though he was super busy he made time to make sure I picked a beer I would be satisfied with. 
They don't have a restaurant or place to get food, however they had a whole bunch of menus to order from local places that delivered. 
I recommend coming here and having a great fairly priced drink!Great neighborhood bar. Nice patio, large drink selection without Bourbon Street prices! Friendly staff.My story begins with a bunch of out state coworkers attending a convention in New Orleans drinking most nights on Bourbon Street.  At some point we wanted a chill place to get a couple drinks that didn't cost crazy $$.  This is that place.  Nothing crazy but a full bar with good service, cheaper drinks, and a cool patio.  
The bartender was very attentive and gave our (walking) DD free coke refills.  
Wish I would have took more photos.My neighborhood bar... what more can I say?
Actually, a bit more. They've got good drinks and decent prices, a large patio for when the weather is nice, and friendly bartenders (one of them helped me out at trivia night, for which I'll be forever grateful).
Thursday is trivia night 8pm-11pm. Grab a group of friends or make some upon your arrival. They also have happy hours throughout the week that support local causes. Food trucks like Burgersyaheard and Taceaux Loceaux are often outside, so you can grab something to nosh on while sipping on yo' drink.
I also happened to spend a few hours here on the 4th of July, and it was an unexpectedly fun spot to celebrate Independence Day.Great place to watch the Saints game! Nice locals bars recommended by our AirBnB Neighbor. Good drinks, friendly bartenders and patrons. Reasonable prices. The outside patio is nice but all the seats were filled when we got there. The whole place was pretty packed actually so get there early if you want a seat. They had someone making Pad Thai outside all day too if you got hungry. We didn't have any but it smelled good!Came here for a wedding after party. Great drinks. Great bar. Had a blast. The hot dog, sausage dog and chili chez fries were awesome. Overall, great place.Do they know what a "rusty nail" is? Ha-ha.
Paid a $5 cover for a pretty good trio playing r -n- b/soul covers. Very friendly bartenders who did not let my glass stay empty for more than a minute. Nice back patio area. Not a dive. Mostly a locals place as it's truly off the beaten path. Felt very welcome.If you don't live close enough to walk...parking can suck. But that's the warehouse district so expect it!
I am definitely a fan of this bar. On game day, yes it's crowded, and yes it may take a bit to get a drink. But, that's ok, it's game day! Great patio in back. Even if it's cold outside, they have plenty of heaters. You can rent out the part all the way to the left. I've been to a few crawfish boils here.
The bartenders are friendly and fast. Try the disco lemonade on a hot day and drink your cares away.This is the BEST place for trivia! The bomb.com. Ben is an AWESOME SERVER and Bar tender!I came here after kickball with my team a couple of times. The drinks are good, atmosphere is nice, and it's very spacious with the courtyard in the back. They had trivia the nights we went which was fun and an alternative to just sitting around drinking.
It's also a great place to watch a football game. But beware, it's an Alabama bar so if you hate Alabama and they're playing, don't come here.The Rusty Nail, located on Constance St in New orleans, is a bar with both indoor and outdoor drinking areas. It has a very casual vibe so you can come dressed in any attire, after work or before a business meeting to calm your nerves! 
Inside, they have a full bar with many different drink choices and they usually have a band playing in the corner also. Though, I recommend grabbing a drink from the bar and heading outside to enjoy it as the seating outside is much nicer. Being outside, getting some fresh air makes winding down with a drink much more relaxing. 
I bought an apple martini which was actually quite nice. It was the first time I had ever had an apple martini so I was unsure of what to expect but I quite enjoyed it, very appley and you couldn't taste much alcohol either.
Overall, I really enjoyed the short time I spent there and my apple martini was very nice. Definitely take advantage of the outdoor seating!Have loved the Nail since they opened in 2006. Great bar staff and everyone treats you as family. Love the atmosphere whether chilling on Sunday Funday or a late night cocktail. David, Ivan and the guys/girls take care of their clients.Cool place. No food but usually a food truck.  Enter thru side door to a wide open space. Eight or so 2-stool tables along the outer wall then nothing until the L-shapes bar opposite the entrance.  Sparse bar stools (wooden with back support). Worn wooden bar with large flat rail. Round foot rest.  Great back bar with shelves holding a large number of liquor bottles.  Menus up above.  Great cocktails and beer selection.  Really cool place that's tougher to get to but worth the walk.From the outside I would have never guess this would be the type of place I would enjoy, but I was wrong.  This has to be one of the most amazing outdoors bar courtyards in the city. It's pretty simple but has lots of tables and  huge television. It's a great chill out spot on a good weather day to hang with a big group of friends or even just one. I just love it.
The drinks are reasonably priced and strong enough so you won't go wrong with that. I go with the Rum and Coke but the Disco Lemonade is definitely a nice treat to at least try one time.
It's a little hidden so look up the location beforehand to make sure you get to your destination without much hassle. On a Friday/Saturday night expect parking to be a little scarce so prepare to walk a block or two to get to the Rusty Nail.
This is probably may favorite bar and I normally don't like them so this is definitely some place to check out.Order a Rusty Nail or my personal favorite: double Jack on ice.  Roll Tide.Definitely a great place to eat and have a few cocktails.  
The waitress was terrific and the food...fantastic.
No TV's, so not a sports bar type place.
The only real knock is the atmosphere.  It was just kinda loud and you sat very close to other tables.  Not a huge deal, just not my thing.Fun atmosphere!  Definitely a dive which is huge compliment.  I went on Bama's opening night and every Tide fan was there and all tv's were on the game.  When I inquired, I was told the owner is an Alabama grad. I'm a Mississippi State fan but I have to say I had a fantastic time watching the Tide that night! If you want to watch football and have a drink, this is a great place to do it!With a name like "The Rusty Nail," you'd expect it to be... grimier and full of characters, maybe even a lowlife here and there. Instead, it's rather bright, clean and friendly and full of clean cut 20-somethings just seething with good nature. That's OK, though. It's nice not to be wondering if you're gonna catch Hep A from a glass (or swallow a shard of glass that you think might be ice).
Back on topic. The name. I can't shake it. I mean, after "The Bucket of Blood," I'd be hard pressed to think of a better bar name that evokes images of a place where sailors and working girls might rub elbows with longshoremen, trannies and tugboat operators. And everyone would be chain smoking, of course (The Rusty Nail is smoke-free, so no such shenanigans here, either).
If Hubert Selby Jr. had ever written about a bar in New Orleans... it wouldn't be the Rusty Nail. That's all I'm saying.
And for many of us out there, that's not such a bad thing.
Good beer/wine/spirits collection. Competent/nice bartenders. If I lived in this area, I could see myself returning, but I don't think of it as a destination spot. That said, I have no doubt I'll be back. Maybe to try some of this great food I keep hearing about.This is the best bar in the CBD. No, scratch that... Best bar in NOLA!  This is always our first stop when we come back to New Orleans. Get yourself a disco lemonade and sit on the patio.This place is tucked into a cramped corner of the Warehouse, but they still managed to turn out a beautiful and spacious (not to mention big-screen-covered) outdoor patio. The drinks are great and reasonable. Don't expect a seat on big Alabama football days; this is the alumni association's designated watering hole.such a cool place  Awesome patio  Well worth the huntSomething local? Something fun, not exactly on bourbon or in Frenchmen? Well, The Rusty Nail in the CBD is your spot! Local live music on tap, local beer on tap, outdoor seating! Of course the weather needs to cooperate to sit outside. A little stuffy if not. Moe's BBQ on Friday nights for late night food. In Nola, want love music but don't want to mess with a plethora of other tourist, check out the rusty nail!Scotch, Scotch, Scotch. The main reason for a visit. Besides the out of the way location, dog friendly, and live music.The Rusty Nail is a neighborhood bar located among a set of quiet streets, with a mix of residential housing and also some older warehouses.  The first sign I saw of the bar's presence was a large Saints flag flying outside, and I knew I'd come to the right place.
This place has a true neighborhood dive bar feel -- nothing fancy, just a place to have some beers and watch the game.  There were even some stadium or bleacher-style seating with three levels set up against the wall so that patrons could sit and watch.  The bar had several TVs and a larger pulldown screen and projector setup, with the screen even covering up the chalkboard specials menu.  That's how you know a place is serious about football.
Everyone loves their unpretentious local watering hole, and The Rusty Nail hits it right on the head.  This isn't a date place, a fancy bar to bring clients, or a Bourbon Street tourist magnet.  It's a place to grab a drink, chat with friends, establish yourself as a regular, and cheer on the home team.  You can even bring your dog (and a few people did while I was there)!
Get a Pop -- a shot of Old Grand-Dad and a Budweiser -- for cheap!Great dive bar west of the French Quarter -- much more pleasant than any of the bars we've been to around bourbon st. Has pretty good happy hour specials and a dart board. Super cute patio area!What a fun bar! I was meeting some colleagues here for a happy hour and it's way off the beaten path but in a good way. It's much bigger than you think and has not only generous and tasty drinks but very kind and helpful bartenders as well. I'd absolutely return.Great spot.  Nice little hidden gem, away from the typical craziness of New Orleans, but full of its own brand of the same.  If you don't make instant friends with most of the people there, you're living life wrong.  
Down to Earth spot, with great drinks, at reasonable prices, and some of the best atmosphere in the City.  I can't say it was the best Old Fashioned I had the entire time I was in New Orleans, but the three I had here were some of the most enjoyable.  I'll definitely be back my next trip down, and if I lived over this way, I'd be a regular.Great establishment. It came recommended to us after dinner at Cochon (also fabulous). The Rusty Nail is not in the French Quarter, but well worth the short trek to the warehouse district. 
We went on Monday night, luckily, as the entertainment is selecting records from a crate (or bring your own) to play there. Makes for cool and unusual sounds. 
They have 16 taps, tons of bottles and make great cocktails. The outside patio is huge, lush with vegetation and tons of TVs. Pet friendly. The bartenders Andrew and Benjamin were super cool and fun. They do a "roll-a-day" for a dollar where if you roll a Yahtzee (five dice the same) you win the pot. Other rolls can earn a reroll. 
Definitely worth a visit if you're looking for a locals bar.I Just left the Super Bowl crawfish boil. I really thought it was overpriced. It was 3lbs for $15. Even with the potatoes and corn I don't believe it was 3 pounds at all. The crawfish was good but nothing spectacular for the price. 
There wasn't enough seating even though there was space for more. 
The atmosphere was bland. Staff was not welcoming. 
I was initially excited about this event. I was disappointed but I didn't hate it. 
I may return for drinks but meh.We were there during Mardi Gras and it was empty. 
Bartenders are super friendly and the drinks are strong and well made.
Get yourself a Pimm's cup and relax!Its one of those places where you go for that signature drink, the live music, and the people watching. You have to try the disco lemonade here. Which is pretty much a blended lemonade drank. If you are feeling a bit rowdy, get a floater shot on top of your choice. Maybe even try a scotch floater for that summery backyard smoky lemonade kind of taste. Hey, why not. I'm just here for a good time. Aren't you?
Friendly bar staff. Great outdoor seating. Food trunks out front. 1 stall woman's bathroom :(came here with a big group after a conference from about 8 pm to midnight on a Thursday night - it was a really great environment! the bartender was great and gave a lot of suggestions. They had leftover citrus IPAs from Mardi Gras for $2 that we enjoyed. The prices were very affordable. Also, loved the patio! This place is bigger than it looks!Went here for an alumni party. Great little bar. They have a decent outside area with part of it covered. The staff is very friendly and the drinks are always cold. Parking is a little hard considering there's no true parking lot, just side street parking. We took an Uber here and I'm glad that we did. This place is also tucked away by itself. You would never know it was there unless you were in the neighborhood. I have to stress this... even while they were super busy, the staff was still very friendly! You can imagine how busy  a place like this would be on a Friday night, yet the staff were still very pleasant. I'd go back just for that simple fact.Great place to meet friends or have a private event. My husband and I had our wedding celebration at the Nail and it could not have gone better! We were able to rent out the entire Rusty Nail for our crawfish boil and had Foodie Call there too (many guests claimed it was the best burger they'd ever had). David & Ivan were so great to work with! They helped us coordinate the entire event from talking to the band (Doreen's Jazz Band), Foodie Call, our crawfish guy & photographer. They also had a solid rain plan so I didn't have to worry about the weather. All of our guests were thrilled with the beer and wine selection (60+beers) and fantastic bartenders. Everyone enjoyed the beautiful patio and the easy going atmosphere. The staff was just so helpful & friendly. My glass was never empty for more than 5 sec before someone would bring me a fresh drink! The staff was even helpful keeping an eye on my dog as she ran around the event with a GoPro strapped to her back. As much as I hated when the event ended it wasn't the typical "party is over - get out". Our guests stayed at the bar but regular patrons started trickling in so it was a nice transition. Lush patio, many food truck options, fantastic drinks, convenient location and guests will have a unique experience!!!Best local neighborhood bar around. Great drink specials, awesome service. The frozen drinks are some of the best in town. Literally the best place to watch local sports-especially Saints games!! No food, but they often have food trucks. Namely the Asian fusion food truck with is bomb.I loved the Mules! Restrooms were clean and so was the bar in general. There's optional seating outside which is also a plus.While parking will forever be a bitch for this bitchin' spot, I doth love The Rusty Nail. This is in my top 5 of places to go grab a drink with one friend or fifty. 
There isn't much change from my previous review, the extra star is just for the consistently stellar service and good times I've had since my former review. They've since expanded their patio space for popular games, and I've had some truly memorable and not so memorable ('cause I actually can't remember) times at Rusty Nail including petting a pot-bellied pig named  Lily Munster that likes beer; hanging out with Woody Harrelson and his fam (did he know he was hanging out with me? possibly not); and eating some amazing crawfish that happened to be free at the moment of said consumption. 
I can't guarantee an amazing time for everyone, but I've yet to have a bad night at Rusty Nail. Again, be careful where you park, grab yourself some food from the food truck, and enjoy a Moscow Mule on the patio. I'll probably be there, so don't be a stranger!I recently got married in New Orleans, and was looking for alternatives to a traditional rehearsal dinner.  Since all the wedding guests were coming in from out of town, I wanted to host an event that everyone could attend.  I spoke with a few caterers and friends, and everyone recommended the Rusty Nail.  After speaking with David, the owner, I was sold on the space (private outside patio with private bartender), location (walking distance from Canal where all of my guests were staying), and pricing (no space fee, just a bar minimum).  We were able to customize the drink menu.  Also, we were able to bring in outside food and dcor (you can even do a crawfish boil if you want). The party itself was a hit and nobody wanted to leave at the end.  I highly recommend hosting a private party with the Rusty Nail.  Working with David and the Rusty Nail staff was a pleasure!We went Monday before Mardi Gras. There was a live band. The drinks were good. They had two women outside cooking thai food. The place is huge. The bathrooms gross.Best high quality brown liquor selection we found. Great Bartender for those who want to try a new whiskey or scotch, very knowledgeable and friendly.Shouts out to Jessie! He just  changed my life with this Kentucky Mule! First off parking is a bit whack. But i must say i have enjoyed  my time here very thoroughly! I love tbe fact that he knew whT i wNted before telling me. He was so understanding and definitely let us all know about the happy hour special, wine specials. Etc. He also posed for my pic that he made. Its an Kentucky  Mule folks with whickey and it is Fantastic! I have not seen Food or anything  so this is straight alcohol. Upstairs  is apartments, condo spaces,offices,etc.3.5
Considering I can barely read the notes I made on the place AND I fell asleep here, I suppose The Rusty Nail did exactly what it was supposed to do. When I first moved to New Orleans, I looked in to buying a place in the Warehouse District. I was talked out of it by my mentor (he gave me life-changing advice on waiting to buy a house/vehicle; life-changing) and I wound up renting in the Lower Garden District. It's pretty fantastic to see how the Warehouse District has grown and taken over. I suppose if the me from many moons ago had bought that condo, I may have become a regular at The Rusty Nail.
The frozen Pimms Cup was enough to make me sit up and notice -- or, you know, slump over and pass out. Potato, Potatoe. This is, certainly, a place for groups. Despite hordes of people descending on the bar at the same time, I didn't have to wait for a drink nor did the bartenders seem fazed by the madness. It must have something to do with all the ample room. When I first walked in, I thought the front bar was all there was to the place. Then, I stepped outside and got a load of the courtyard. It goes on for miles and miles (or, feet and feet). The large square footage and ample seating lulls you in to extended conversation, more drinks and bad decisions. I enjoyed the chill vibe of the place (again, despite the madness all around). I don't really understand the name but, on the other hand, I don't think I want to run afoul of a rusty nail, so it's all good gravy. 
When in the neighborhood, check it out -- and go straight for the frozen Pimms Cups. No one does frozen drinks like New Orleans. Just try and stay awake.Last night was my first time at the rusty nail and I'm sold. Love this place. The outside patio area is great. Well lit and easy to hold a conversation with friends. There are several tables out back for larger groups. My first drink was a disco lemonade. While very tasty, it could have been much stronger lol. They had several specialty drinks and a wide selection of beer available. The best part of this place was the other patrons. It was a nice mix of late 20 something to mid to late 30 somethings. College kids seemed to be few and far between which I couldn't have been happier about. Can't wait to go back!!!!Just visited the Rusty Nail for the first time after several suggestions from friends. 
I gave it 4 starts simply for the hassle of parking (and some prices of drinks), but other than that, this bar is stellar. 
They have a great selection of cocktails, drafts, and whiskeys to accompany the perfect drinking atmosphere: air conditioning, music, and friends.
Though it was too hot and humid to sit outside, the outdoor space is great! I'd love to hang out there with a group of friends when the weather is nice. 
I had an old fashioned which was just fine, and my boyfriend had a pint of the Ghost in the Machine hazy double IPA by Parish Brewing Company (It was like $10...). 
Though I didn't stay long, it was enough for me to capture the essence of the Rusty Nail, I shall return.Though I wish Rusty Nail still went by its former name, The Mermaid Lounge, this little neighborhood bar near the I-10 has really grown on me. Whether it's a drunken spelling bee charity event, Thursday drunken trivia or drunken Saints game Sunday, one is bound to have a good time.  For reviewing purposes, I'd like to go with this Sunday...
For the Saints game, we had a friend get the back patio table for 10 AM, while we sauntered in around 10:45 to every bar stool inside and ever seat outside reserved. Their DIY Bloody Mary bar is chock full of delish garnishes that made my little BM oh so good! Despite my boyfriend having a 60" TV in the apartment building next door, the atmosphere is worth enjoying the games on their smaller screens. During the commercials, they play music, but sometimes the music matches up to the commercials in a really entertaining way.   
The covered patio was perfect by game time with the sun at high noon beating down on the unsuspecting Saints fans, then it didn't help that it drizzled a little, or maybe it did...
The bartenders know what they're doing and never had me waiting too long for a drink, despite a standing room only bar by half-time. After one Bloody Mary, two buckets of beer and a Grandma shot (my first Grand Marnier shot eva), it was fortuitous to only have to walk 20 feet to a couch and sleep the rest of the day. 
Some other game day highlights and notes:
Foodie Call Food Truck was parked outside. I can't make any promises they'll be there next game, but hot damn, were they good. I had the Brie LT for $7 and my man had the Cheese Burger for $6, uh-mazing.
Park at the D-Day Museum lot down the street. $6 gets you all day, no tow and no tickets. Totally worth the one extra drink you probably shouldn't have. 
I have dibs on one side of the back covered porch patio. But you can have the other side. Just have one of your friends get there two hours before the game and hook them up with a Brie LT as a thank you. 
See you at the Nail next week! Who Dat!Best bar in Nola, in my opinion. Best vibe, best service, best Moscow Mule I've ever had. Sitting out on the patio with friends on an evening after work is my absolute favorite thing in the world. I love the sparkling lights in the courtyard, the big pours, and the live music. And, the bartender Ivan is the best. Not better bar service in Nola. Nowhere better to watch a Saints game!Saints Sunday's here are great. I'm not a saints fan and I can't drink. But I still managed to have a great time here two Sunday's in a row. One of those weekends the saintsations were there with games and prizes. 
This isn't the kind of bar you go to and worry about fights. Or a bunch of moronic college kids. You can come and chill in the back or join in with the crowd at the bar. Either way you'll get a good view of the game!This is THE neighborhood bar. We were staying in the Quarter but needed something more interesting and homey than Bourbon St.  Great bar, ambiance, service, friendly and just the right amount of dive. During Covid, spaced out inside and lots of outdoor seating. A gem!
No food, plan accordingly!On our tour of the NOLA neighborhoods with our new friends, L and I were fortunate to find ourselves here for a short while. I felt like I was in a barn; I think I was in a barn, with a mix of honkytonk and jazz music in the background, a cheap beer and a bunch of friends around, Rusty nail is pretty darn cool and the nicest dive bar mimicking place I've been to. I know that's not what it's supposed to give off, as it tries to be of a NOLA saints bar than anything with a chill patio out back, but it's about a bad paint job and a few too many patrons ordered labatt blue away from a dive, but they could totally own that vibe! [I say go for it]
Superchill vibe, not crowded at all on a lazy Sunday afternoon [mind you we came offseason of football, so that may be different in the Fall] and definitely a great place to chill. I would love to come again.Perfect neighborhood bar, great people, real good vibe.
RN has a excellent bourbon selection and prices their drinks right, a cool Nola option for the Warehouse districtRusty nail is my favorite neighborhood dive bar. It's very affordable, they have a large selection of liquor so they can whip up just about any drink. The staff is always super friendly, makes you feel at home. They started doing a pizza pop up on Mondays called Only Pans (love the name ) the pizza is awesome! Perfect crust! On Tuesdays they do trivia on the patio and Daddy Hot Bird sells hot chicken from his truck outside! The hot chicken is addicting, it has become my new Tuesday ritual. They take social distancing seriously which is such a relief to me, I love that I can still feel safe while going out in public.  I can't say enough good things about this place!