We visited The Blue Crab for Thursday happy hour at 4:30pm. The restaurant was surprisingly not busy on such a beautiful day. We sat outside on the deck and the view/atmosphere was great! The poor server was working the whole deck by herself, so service was a bit off. She was really nice though and when we finally got our drinks, we had an enjoyable evening. We ordered the chargrilled oysters and calamari - both were good, but definitely not the best in the city. We will be back for happy hour!!This place seems like it would be a great place to eat. Location is amazing but food is subpar. Everything on the menu seemed way over priced for what you actually receive. The gumbo was good. My fish was way over cooked and my veggies seemed like they came from a frozen microwave bag. Biscuit would be great if they actually heated them up and not just served room temp. Mac and cheese was the best thing of me and my wife's meal. Might go back just to get drinks downstairs.Happy hour seafood and drinks are so good! $0.60 raw oysters/$1 chargrilled oysters and $3 beer. The vine of this place is also amazing. Could be better if there are softer seats instead of hard wood benches. But I'm prob asking too muchI have been going at least weekly since they opened and have enjoyed every single experience.  The food is always great.  The servers are always well trained, courteous and attentive.  My favorite dish is the shrimp appetizer (called "Buffalo Bites) - yummy!!  It's 5-6 large, fresh, lightly-breaded shrimp with a buffalo sauce on the side.  All of the fish entrees have been fantastic.This place was awesome and it was 12 of us. I was full but I couldn't stop eating. We tried just about everything. The drinks were great, strong but great and the prices were good too. This will replace some of our regular eateries. The bbq shrimp are super great and that sauce perfect. The stuff crab was the hest I ever had. The fried shrimp were very good as well. 2 thumbs up!!!!!Came here for my Birthday with my two daughters & friends the service was great & waiter was precious!! We had a great time!!Went there last night and was very disappointed. Took family there for my daughters birthday. Everyone's food took forever to get when it finally came out it was horrible. The oysters were the size of clams no taste what so ever. The shrimp combo was $22.00 and not worth it by any means. The pasta dishes had mushy shrimp. It was really disappointing. A big change from a year ago. A huge bill and still hungry. We did have a good laugh at the hush puppies they were so small we had to look for them.Soooo good! Great location on the water, excellent service. Awesome fresh seafood, better than expected. Reasonable and plenty-sized plates!Very disappointed. Went with my family, total 12 people so we had a range of food. Apps: blue crab dip, fair. Chargrilled oysters: small, overcooked, with toasted French bread that was so hard you could not soak up sauce. Raw oysters, ok but on small size. Entrees: all fried food was fair, needed better seasoning. Boiled crawfish was some of the worst I have ever eaten. It was old and too much pepper. No other seasoning was discernible because the red pepper overpowered the crawfish.  BBQ shrimp and grits. Pretty presentation, undercooked shrimp, greasy under seasoned sauce, no rosemary or not enough. 
The waitress at first was attentive, but that was short lived. She got the drinks correct and then was downhill from there. Clarified twice that my son wanted a kids hamburger, she brought adult, daughter ordered fried catfish, she brought oysters. Everyone was finished eating by time her food arrived. She brought her a free desert which may have been best item: brownie topped with ice cream. We won't be back. So sad because I really wanted to like it but they failed on too many issues: food and service.The happy hour in this place can't get any better. 25cents raw oysters, and beautiful sunsets. The downstairs bar is an Awesome location for drinks with friends/family.Excellent fried shrimp with batter that is fresh and tasty. 
Nice atmosphere on the lakefront, with friendly staff.
The Blue Crab Collins is my fave drink. The mac and cheese is very good as a side!
The only item I didn't care for is the Blue Crab cakes. Too much Dijon mustard, or what tasted like Dijon mustard. 
Have dined here multiple times, and always had a great meal. Very fresh seafood!Service was great. She was very attentive. I had the shrimp scampi. Very good. Not overpowering in garlic and shrimpy taste. Also had the sautéed crab claws. The biscuit could have been better. I felt it was over cooked because it was hard and not buttery soft. The crab dip was awesome! FYI. Dogs are allowed on the outside patio.I'm going with four stars because while the food was fine, the location and ambiance was definitely 5. 
I had a salad with redfish...yes I know...what is my problem with getting salads in places that I shouldn't, but it was good with a yummy remoulade dressing and my piece of fish was delicious. I also tried the corn and crab soup...which was odd, really peppery but sort of thin. It was OK just not what I was expecting; maybe I should have known since the menu says soup rather than bisque.  Finally I had the onion rings which were perfect.
The restaurant is loud when full and the service was still working out a few bobbles when I was there. The most confusing part is the dual entrances. If you need to take the elevator to this highly elevated space, you end up at the back of the restaurant BUT this is where the hostess stand is. If you enter through the steps (closer to the lake) then you enter into the bar area and that's where the wait staff beverage station is. A bit confusing.
Really, I can't wait to go back at sunset and enjoy a cocktail and fried everything on the porch.I love the atmosphere at Blue Crab - laid back but still nice enough for a dinner date. Seafood is always fresh since they receive it locally. 
During the warmer months sitting outside is my favorite. You get a view of the water and yachts that are docked nearby, it almost feels as if you're in Florida. 
The wait staff is friendly and attentive making sure your experience is lovely. 
(I forgot to take pics of our food! I'll make sure to snap some next time)If you are looking for good food and great outside views here is the place. Sit outside if you can because you are right on the lake. The staff is friendly and the food comes out quick. A great place to watch the saints game on Sunday's.Don't get me wrong, this place has spectacular views, but the food isn't even worth a star. If you're looking for something along the lines of a Joe's Crab Shack then you're set, however if you're looking for good seafood and good service -- than this isn't the place.They brought out s gluten free menu and then once we talked to he manager we found out they throw flour on the "gluten free fried platter" DON'T EAT IT!  they fry it with  regular fried items and coat it with flour. If you don't need GF it's an amazing restaurant with polite staff. Beautiful sunsets on the bay.Literally one of my favorite resturants! 
Went here with a group of friends for a birthday and we were FAR from disappointed! The food was amazing, the atmosphere was great and the customer service was impeccable.
Also, the location is great! It's right on the water with available outdoor seating. The view is breathtaking!
I recommend the Ponchatrain Pasta -- delicious! 
I have nothing bad to sayWent last night for the first time. Had the blue crab dip and combo seafood platter. Both were amazing. Parking was okay, there was a little speck of construction that took up valuable space because the place was packed. We had to rush our waitress so that she would take our appetizer and main dish order, but overall service was good. Staff was friendly!The food...spectacular. The service...absolutely horrible. This place has the potential to be at least a 4 star restaurant. Almost every staff member we encountered was rude and unfriendly. Don't expect to have your checks split either.  Also, if you have a large party, 18% gratuity is included...probably the reason for terrible service. We sat for at least 30 minutes without drinks after our first round, and had to ask another waiter to help us. A manager should probably make his/her presence known and walk the restaurant and converse with tables....especially those that have gratuity included.Nice spot to have a meal on the water. Shrimp and grits is really good. Onion rings are thin and crispy. Very family friendly.The blue crab burger! Crab cake and burger in one. You can't go wrong. Pasta was good too. Pretty rich cream sauce.Great delicious Nola seafood! Love the location / great views of lake pontchatrain!! FRESH SEAFOOD!! Great crab cakes!! Live music on downstairs patio!!!Had dinner there tonight. We went there when they first opened and it was not good. The hostess was friendly our waitress was also nice and attentive. We ordered the crab cakes that were yummy a cup of bisque that we loved the last time and it was even better this time. Our main course came out too fast but was awesome I had the bbq shrimp and grits and loved it. We also had fried shrimp which were nice sized and yummy... advice for the lady on the last post...oysters are not big in the summer. Winter months are far better for oysters. We will definitely be back but next time order our food in courses so we can enjoy it without getting the best course so fast!I think The was the first restaurant I went to on my trip to New Orleans. It was a great first experience. The crab cakes and barbecue shrimp were so perfect. Since then I've tried the gumbo and the red beans and rice. The red beans could use a bit more flavor but the gumbo was delicious. Beautiful view and very nice interior. Overall a great place.Nice place away from the city to eat and chill by the lake (with a view!). Oysters were fresh, the crab legs appetizer was great finger food, and the grilled catfish was pretty solid too. Ultimately topping it off for me was the super friendly staff...
Special shout-out to our hostess, ANNA, who made our night. YOU'RE AWESOME!! :)Had two waitresses on this visit (one downstairs and one upstairs) and they were both C you next Tuesdays. Very condescending/rudely passive aggressive. Typical seafood waitresses I suppose. Lame.The view outside is awesome. Staff is alright...we had to flag them down for service several times. Downstairs is nice for more casual dining and they have a bar down there. (Main dining room is upstairs, but there is an elevator as well as stairs.)Stopped by Blue Crab this past weekend while in town on an anniversary trip and it was ok. I feel like we could have gotten better food and service somewhere else and left a little disappointed.
Our waitress was terrible and ignored half of the things that we asked her for. She would walk away from us when we were mid sentence to go to another table.
We ordered the crab dip as an appetizer and it was really good. The only good thing I ate actually. I ordered the crab cake sandwich and it would have been better if I didn't feel like I was getting a mouthful of horseradish every time I took a bite. Also, I ordered fries with my sandwich and I get red beans and rice which I hate. Our waitress was so bad I didn't even bother correcting the mistake. 
Bottom line is you're in NOLA, there are many more highly rated restaurants than this one so do not waste your time or money. Or go next door to Landry's, I haven't been there but I would bet my life it's better.Some of the best fresh oysters around.  Don't fall for the imitation places that reuse shells and serve oysters from a bucket.  Oysters are shucked right in front of you.The service was good. The atmosphere was amazing. The food was not worth the price. Our food came out wrong and lacked flavor. Its a spot where your paying for the ambiance and the view.I absolutely love the ambiance! The seafood is top notch and the service is great! The wait is the only Dow side but well worth it. My favorite dish in particular is the crab cake sandwich. 
My family loves to order boiled crawfish. 
Additionally they have outdoor live bands on many afternoons and evenings.Not what I expected. I had the combo platter with fried fish & shrimp. It was just ok. Manchu's fried fish is better. I didn't even eat the fries. After tasting one I could tell that they were fried in old grease. Also, the french bread that comes on the platter was so small. It literally was a tiny piece of bread. I thought it was a mistake or something. I didn't bother bringing my dissatisfaction to anyone's attention. Didn't even feel it was worth it. But I definitely will not return.Enjoyed dinner last Saturday, the 19th and it was wonderful! I'm from New Orleans, but live in Charlotte and my parents live in Nola still.
Started with a dozen raw oysters which were huge and tasty, sautéed crab claws, and a cup of oyster soup. I had the red fish almandine, dad had choice of two platter, and mom had BBQ shrimp and grits. All were amazing! The claws with the cheddar biscuit - oh my goodness... Amazing!!!
Will definitely eat here again next time I'm in town.Dined in tonight (Friday) myself and a business colleague. Our table was out on the upper patio overlooking the marina. There was a live band playing downstairs but it wasn't too loud or intrusive from where we were upstairs. We ordered onion rings and the crab cake aps. They were good, I would have liked the crab cakes a little crispier. (but still very good) I had the fried shrimp dinner (suggested by the waiter), and my friend had the half & half oyster and shrimp dinner. The shrimp were colossal. like maybe eight count and fried perfectly. The food arrived in a timely manner, but no rush. Our waiter (DJ Main) was conscientious, available, but also allowed some private time for us to dine and visit. My partner had the cre'me brulee' desert and I had coffee as the sun set into the Lake Pontchartrain backdrop. It was a good visit, and I thank our waiter for spot on service. I did not have any part in picking the dining venue tonight so the dinner experience was good surprise.
SeeSharpHad dinner here last night. Tried a few things. Here's my take on each...
Got two free soups as the appetizer took about 30 minutes.
Apps
Gumbo - rich and decent flavor but no seafood or  meats (chicken or sausage). As I didn't actually order it, I don't know if there are variations. 
Corn and crab bisque - bland bland bland
BBQ shrimp - great! Flavorful, seasoned and not overly oily like most.  Worth the wait. 
Dinner
Seafood platter - meh - 
catfish -over cooked
Oysters -pretty good... We all know why. 
Shrimp -over cooked
Soft shell crab -great
Crab 'ball' -Whatever the hell it was, there was just stuffing. 
Fries -underneath the fray -were greasy and sorta tasty... Color me  non pretentious.
Dessert
Bananas Foster bread pudding- light, rich... Good but missing something. 
Coffee cake- this was pretty bad. Dense and bland. 
Atmosphere
Bright and loud.  :/
Service
Nice waitress. Didn't know how to handle the long wait on the appetizer. A bit nervous but again, nice. 
Zero wait. Got there around 8:30 and sat down immediately. 
This review might make it sound sort of bad, but it wasn't. Overall it was decent. I'm glad there's another restaurant at the lakefront. The food was pretty good though nothing to write home about.
I'll probably go back to try the crab dip. 
Oddly, there was not a lot of crab on the menu.Disappointing. The shrimp and grits were decent. We would have been better off ordering chicken strips over the cat fish. Our little girl had a hamburger, but it was burnt. The server was decent and the place was clean.The food was excellent and the location was fantastic. We ate on the upper deck overlooking the lake. Service was pretty good. Drinks arrived quickly, though we were never offered water in addition to our alcoholic beverages. Drinks were average, but good price. Oysters were fresh. Cobb salad with shrimp was delicious, but they forgot tomatoes on it. Wedge salad was tasty....but had grilled shrimp added....which cost $8.95. In addition to the $8.95 for the salad. Seems a little steep. 
The several obnoxious, drunk, trash mouths behind us were not a welcome addition to our dinner....but was not the fault of the restaurant. 
Overall, we would return.Beautiful scenery from patio of boat marina.  Food was so so...My entree was Blackened linguine with creamy white sauce.Horrendous service!  Bland chicken gumbo, garbage garbage garbage.  Wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy.  Stay away.Dinner last night, 45 min wait for a table!  Ate at the bar, great service.  Crab dip was unique and tasty.  Salad was above average with crisp greens and house dressing. Stuffed flounder huge with very good traditional seafood stuffing.  Fun, upbeat crowd.This is where we started our stay in NOLA. Views are good. Service was pretty good. The gumbo was broken down/watery and the shrimp were mushy. The BBQ shrimp were pretty good. But the crawfish were so overcooked that every tail broke off in the shell before I could get them out. Fried food looked good, but don't eat much fried. So for my experience, it was average.Ok scenario:
Table for 8, with a reservation, at 6:30 on a Friday during Lent.  Sat inside because they let a 20 top sit on the second floor patio (who does that) and had an "OK" experience.  
Food - 4 to 5 stars
Drinks - 5 stars when compared to Landrys
Service - 2 to 3 stars
Our servers name was Greg and he tried, but tonight wasn't his best day.  They don't do automatic gratuity so his lack of conscientiousness was surprising given how much our tickets were.  To be honest, I would have given four stars if he had been more attentive.  Don't worry we still tipped 18%.
Drinks - fine and dandy, the one with Titos is great
BBQ shrimp app - 5 stars for the sauce alone
Fried Calamari - 3 stars, had better
Raw oysters - meh 
Whole Flounder - $31, not de-boned but one of the best fish plates we've ever had
Mahi - fabulous
Mac & cheese - 5+ stars, one of the best in the city 
Caesar salad - what is there to say?
Blackened shrimp - really good
Compared to Landry's I'd pick this place because they are less pretentious and the food is just as good, if not better.  But I would only come to either again if I was guaranteed a seat outside because the prices aren't worth it unless you have a fantastic view to go with your food.Easily one of the best crab cakes I've ever eaten in my life. Love this place for several reasons:
1. The atmosphere - right on the lakefront with boats passing by as you enjoy your meal. I enjoy spending nice days out on the top porch with a drink or underneath the restaurant watching the boats pass. Sometimes has live music!
2. Good food - food here is much better than the adjacent restaurants. Like I said, the crab cakes are delicious.
3. Great drinks - don't always have to go down to the quarter for "Purple Drink". Blue Crab has them as well as Bushwackers. Talk about good!3 stars for the service which is friendly an on point. -2 stars because the food is just ok....nothing more or less.
I just read an article on NOLA.com that stated that the owners have NO restaurant experience, IMHO, that means make sure you have someone who is stellar in the front of the house and someone that is awesome in the kitchen....and PAY THEM WELL!! These two main people can make or break a new restaurant especially one that is owned by first timers.
Good Luck and I will be back again to see if things have improved.
P.S. please, for cryin out loud, de-vein the shrimp!The best BBQ shrimp and grits that's ever touched my tongue. The raw oysters were great also.Went on a Sunday night, 6:30. Decor is nice but nothing special. Dining room is very noisy (we actually had to shout to have a conversation.)
They were out of raw oysters and speckled trout, so we had to choose something else when ordering (it would've been nice for the server to tell us that at greeting.)
We had the crab and spinach dip which tasted ok, but also nothing special. It was accompanied by a plate full of tiny broken tortilla chips.
The Buffalo Bite shrimp were ok: fried shrimp in a sauce that looked poured from a bottle. More attention to a house made sauce and removing the tails would be an improvement.
They brought onion rings instead of the fried calamari that was ordered. When the calamari arrived, they were soggy & relatively tasteless.
The entrees fared better.
A fried shrimp plate and a seafood platter. Both overflowing and tasty, though they brought fries instead of the potatoe salad that was ordered.
The grilled redfish and vegetables were excellent.
The French bread that accompanied the fried platters were hard as a rock.
Overall, nothing special. This would be a good seafood restaurant in Indiana, but there are too many GOOD places to eat in New Orleans.Three Stars applied because I like dining on the waterfront with the honey and the boiled shrimp was very good. Service was beyond poor and uber sloppy. This girl needed to wash herself and her uniform.I've been here a few times... their pasta is mediocre. Recently, I went wanting a small amount of crawfish, I didn't want to make a big event out of it. Wanted to sit outside on the balcony, but so did everyone else and there was a long wait. Totally understandable; there's a great view and good weather. Was trying to just get in eat and get out, so asked if we could just sit at one of the small tables across from the bar. The hostess said sure. No mention of the fact that you can barely fit one plate on the table and that they were really just for if the bar was full. So, we sat. There was only one lady behind the bar, and she was definitely having a tough time. After 15-20 minutes, she came over and asked if we were eating and needed menus. We said yes, and ordered two sides and 4lbs of crawfish. The crawfish and our drinks barely fit on the table at the same time, and by the time our sides came we were playing a frustrating game of Tetris. Did we get asked if we wanted to move to the dining room because we hadn't realized the tables were too small? No. Were we old enough to sit at the bar? No. The crawfish were full of the wrong spice, which was very unpleasant. I couldn't place exactly what it was, but i've been to many a crawfish boil in my time, and there was definitely a weird flavor in these. Part of the reason we got crawfish was for the corn and potatoes (we asked the waiter/bartender if there was corn and potatoes with the crawfish, to which she responded that yes, they were included in the price and all). We got two pieces of mystery-spice drenched shriveled corn. Pretty much inedible. Better yet, we had to flag down the ONE LADY WORKING AT THE BAR to get drink refills to wash the bad spice out of our mouths. It was at this time we realized our lack of silverware, so we flagged down a woman that had been cleaning a table to ask for some silverware. She was extremely bitchy, and took her sweet time bringing us the silverware. Don't know if i'll go back.I dined here on 12/23/16 for my birthday dinner. I made a reservation for a party of 15 earlier in the week and it was a great place to host a large party with kids. They request for the majority of your party to be there no later than 15 minutes for your reservation time or you will lost it. Our service was generally good and the food was good. We really enjoyed the appetizers which we ordered the: charbroiled oysters, BBQ shrimp, crab dip, and crab claws. Our party different entrees from the menu, but the favorites were the fish. The stuffed flounder and blackened fish were the highlight. The fried seafood and sides were pretty standard. We ordered a couple of desserts and it was underwhelming, but overall everything was a great experience!Beautiful presentation but the food was cold and not worth the hassle of beheading shrimp heads and tails. This is my first time here for breakfast and I'm disappointed based on my experience with happy hour and dinner.  The ambience is amazing and the view of the waterway is relaxingLovely lakeside dining. The chargrilled oysters were absolutely fantastic. I also had the wedge salad which was full of savory and sweet flavors. Service was speedy and friendly. I'd highly recommend checking this place out.This place is pretty bad. We ordered the grilled gulf fish almandine with grilled vegetables. The cut of fish itself appeared to be descent, however the fish was prepared terribly. It seemed to be baked, not grilled, and swimming in a very heavy butter sauce. The sauce was so heavy it made the soggy fish even soggier and seemed to be a poor attempt to mask the fact that the fish was old.
The grilled vegetables seemed as if they were steamed in a bag inside a microwave. I'm not sure if this place even has a grill or if they just say that food is "grilled" or "blackened" on the menu to make the food sound healthy or local.
If you want to taste your seafood, I don't recommend this place. If you want to pay premium prices to listen to babies cry and kids rollerblade, while attempting to enjoy a plate of fried seafood which only tastes good if you dip it in either ketchup or cocktail sauce with a ton of salt then this is the place for you.
I don't even want to go into our raw oyster order... But as you can imagine I definitely will. We ordered a dozen raw oysters... but what we got was about 9 normal sized oysters and 3 thumbnail sized oysters. If I'm paying $0.60 per oyster I would just like to get an average sized oyster for my money.
We also tried the boiled shrimp. Honestly the shrimp were a good size and tasted good; however, at over $15.00 per pound, I would think this would be a meal, but this was a glorified appetizer... I would need at lead 2 sides in addition to the boiled seafood to constitute a meal... but those are $5 each, and that is absurd to pay almost $30 for such mediocre food.   Needless to say I am very unhappy with the meal and I'm going to go home and eat a burger to fill up after spending over $100.00 at this place.
The ONLY thing that earned this place even one star is the $3 glass of house wine during happy hour.  We will never eat here again.While traveling in the area, we were looking for a place to dine. We came upon The Blue Crab. As we are from Seattle, we expect our seafood to be fresh. No disappointment here... blue crab, oysters on the half shell, and shrimp. All excellent!! Also, the cocktails were generous. This is a great place for family dining, and the prices are reasonable. Our dining experience was capped by conversations with both the owner and chef. In fact, the chef explained that they have no freezers in the restaurant - all the food is fresh daily!! It was obvious that she enjoys and is proud of her work. We could not have had a better experience. Upon our return, there is no doubt we will return to The Blue Crab and Oyster Bar!Went to have dinner last night and all I can say is the food was excellent! Not too busy and every morsel was delicious! We ordered the crab claws that were excellent, but the buffalo shrimp were marvelous. Chargrilled oysters were also great. Sad to say I did not leave room for dessert. Clean atmosphere, casual and simple. Well done blue crab!!! Well done!!!Best outside seating in the city especially in the spring and fall. Love it. Food has always been above average.I came here with a friend for brunch on a Sunday morning at 11am.  I ordered 2 egg whites with bacon hash browns and toast.  It came out fresh and hot.  The egg whites were cooked perfectly.  I was very impressed.  The view is amazing.  My friend got the shrimp po boy and had a taste and wasn't a huge fan, but will definitely be back for breakfast again.Great crab dip..the seafood platter was on point. Very friendly staff!! Right off the water.The stars have aligned! Chargrilled oysters, shrimp & crab boil, gumbo and a gorgeous lakeside sunset...one of the most peaceful evenings and satisfying meals I've had in awhile. Don't settle for one item...try a smorgasbord! Thanks!Empty tables inside yet forced us to sit outside in the heat. 
Can't believe all the tables were reserved especially when someone outside complained and you brought them in. 
Things went south quick when we found a hair waving to us in the marinara sauce. Grits were hard and bland, biscuits were raw on the inside, at first I thought it was crab meat but no it was raw dough. 
Shrimp were good but pasta dish and red beans were  bad. So there were 2 dishes that weren't touched. 
Service was slow. 
With what we paid for a party of 5, I wish we would have gone next door to Landry's.Crab dip was awesome. Don't get the Caesar salad. Gumbo was the worst I've had but good customer service and view.We are usual customers here and it is always great, however today was horrible. The waitress was super slow and showed no interest in doing a good job, but we let it slide at first. Then when we finally got our food and drinks, there was a black curly hair in my salad. The waitress finally came around to check on us after everyone was finished eating and I told her about my dish, so she brought it to the manager- and he didn't even have the courtesy to come to our table. Then my friend and I went to the restroom and on the way back a waiter cut right in front of her to get outside. No "excuse me" or letting ladies go first. It wasn't that busy that he couldn't have waited an extra half second to let her pass in front of him. As we left, no "have a good day, goodbye, or thank you" from the hostess. Is there new management here or something? Worst experience ever. I won't be back for a long time, if at all.We brought friends from out of town and the only thing lacking from the traditional lakefront seafood restaurant experience of my childhood was there were no crackers and butter on the table and the beer wasn't served in big icy mugs. But it seems those traditions started going the wayside in places pre K anyway. We went on a blustery Tuesday night and did not have to wait for a table. Even with the threat of rain, there were still a lot of people coming in to try the new place. And we still had a nice view of the marina, even if it was gray. Service was very friendly and attentive. The owner came around at one point, checking on tables and welcoming everyone. Our food came out promptly and our little girl's fried catfish plate was expedited, as any kid's meal should be, so the grown ups can talk without being interrupted by "I'm hungry." We were told right away there were no raw oysters. We would rather not have them than be served sub par puny ones so no problem there. However, the fried oysters in the seafood platter were nice enough. First we started with the crab and spinach dip. There was a decent amount of sweet crab in a light creamy sauce, kinda like how I would make it, not gluey, and just a little spinach. Nicely browned on the edges of the ramekin, I liked it a lot. I didn't care for the stale-ish blue corn chips. Crackers, hello! The platter was big enough for four of us but we were not stuffed (room for spumoni at Brocatos later!) We probably could have eaten more but it was actually great to not overdo it. Otherwise, if you are inclined to overdo it, order some boiled shrimp too for 4 people. Speaking of shrimp, the fried ones were huge. The soft shell crab was medium sized but tasty. We will definitely be going back and maybe it will become the new family place to go on the lakefront. Oh, and prices were not bad given amount and quality of food and the view.I'd usually refrain from reviewing a place I've only been to once, but my experience seemed to track the majority of other reviewers (2-3 star range) so I'm not counting on things to be too much different in future visits.
They had boiled crabs so we got one each as appetizers, to go along with the onion rings (which were the best dish of the night). The crabs were hot and well-seasoned but one of the three was overcooked and mealy, however the server replaced it promptly when we let him know about it.
The gumbo had an undercooked/floury taste (but with a dark roux--how does that happen?) along with a strong but bitter crab stock taste. Crab cakes were underwhelming with relatively little discernible crab. Both the gumbo and the cakes weren't great. Fried items, softshell crab, shrimp and catfish were done well but not any better or different from any other competent seafood house. French fries were fresh cut and good. While it's close in location and atmosphere, I was hoping for the second coming of Bruning's but, alas, it's not there yet.
The pluses were service, a five-star view from the deck, and a well-stocked bar; both overlook the water. I'd visit again to do sunset drinks there but there are other places--Deanie's is one--I'd prefer for the seafood in the same price range.Very tasty!  We had crab cakes & sautéed  crab claws for apps.  Dinner was gumbo, crab & corn chowder and incredible shrimp & grits.  Come and enjoy!Really nice location. The view is great as well. Upon arrival, the hostess greeted us with a smile and we were seated fast. I can't remember our waitress' name but she did a good job as well. The staff seem very organized.
For appetizer, we ordered the BBQ shrimp and a dozen raw oysters. The raw oysters were fresh and amazing. I couldn't say the same for the BBQ shrimp. There was a weird slimy texture to them and it tasted a little undercooked. Flavor-wise, it wasn't cutting it for me either. It wasn't entirely bad, but neither of us think it's something to crave for and order again. 
For entrees, we both ordered 4 boiled crabs and sausage. Terrible execution on the sausage. I never knew you could mess up sausage. The way they cut and cook the sausage was just a bad idea. Biting into it felt like eating ground meat. It was just a hot mess. The crabs, however, were the bomb-dot-com. They were nice and plump and full of flesh. The seasoning was very light but crab meat will always be good regardless. 
I had high expectations for this place. Overall, it was a decent visit. The final price came down to $105, including tip. Not what I expected because I am so used to driving out of the city to an all-you-can-eat blue crab and shrimp with sausage for a fraction of that price. Would I come back again? Probably not because no seafood-loving man should have to settle for 4 crabs. I usually devour around 9 to 12 crabs before I have to unbutton my pants for room. Would I recommend this place to friends? Sure why not.Great food and atmosphere! The service was great! I tried the grilled shrimp, steak, fried crab claws, and French fries.  It was all yummy!First of all I have to compare Blue Crab to Brisbi's and I have to say I would choose Brisbi's first. 
The service has always been pretty good at Blue Crab. I have been disappointed several times with the shrimp and grits and so were several other people at my table. The BBQ shrimp are delicious and if you order the appetizer then it is great, BUT if you order the entree shrimp and grits you will be disappointed. The grits are probably the worst I have ever had. Very very dry and hard. To me if I order shrimp and grits both things have to be cooked correctly to be a good entree. Especially being in New Orleans. I have even ordered the stone ground grits as a side on another entree and they are just terrible. 
Brisbi's also has a one up to blue crab because they offer a BBQ shrimp poboy which is great!!!!
Blue Crab has other great things, but I would stay away from ordering the grits as a side or ordering the shrimp and grits.Great food and great service. We went around 6:30 so we were able to catch the sunset which was amazing right by the water. The service was prompt and we did not have to wait that long. I will definitely be returning.Food always fresh. Great views as well. I had the fried stuffed fish ahhh amazing and there crab cakes are to die for.Char grilled oyster is really good. The blue crab dip is excellent. They don't split check if you have party of 6 or more, so make sure everyone brings cash or agree to split the check evenly. We had 13 people and to figure out who owes how much was a nightmare. Some even has to go to the ATM because they only take up to 6 cards.Enjoyed our early appetizers and drinks at Blue Crab.  Was an on and off again rainy afternoon but we had a window over the marina with a view of the yachts.  Enjoyed our chicken and sausage gumbo appetizer.  Not spicy enough but was okay with Tabasco added liberally.  The BBQ shrimp had been beheaded at our request but were definitely too sweet and not spicy enough.  Beautiful shrimp that were tender just not well seasoned.
The highlight of our visit was our waitress who handled our order very professionally. We will ask for Dee next time!!I got the blue seafood platter - fish was cold and very basic fry no real flavor to speak of. for $30 it was the worst seafood platter I have ever had. gumbo was also bland and not anything great. will not go back.Took a break from fishing Lake Pontchartrain for lunch and that was a great decision. Had the BBQ shrimp and grits.  Huge flavorful juicy shrimp and creamy cheesy grits. Add in great service and this can't be beat. Too bad I'm only passing through. Definitely want to come here again sometime.The sautéed crab claws were a must order! A great portion and delicious with every bite.Excellent food and service. Great onion rings. Very good seafood gumbo, and chicken and andouille gumbo. Very good grilled pompanoThe view was good on the deck but the food was just okay. Service was just okay - nothing special.Went last Friday evening. Ordered boiled crabs, raw oysters, both of which were good. The blue crab dip appetizer was perfectly delicious but took awhile to get. I  thought maybe our waiter forgot about it. Went to order a cocktail and was pushed to the upsell of the specialty cocktail which was less than mediocre for regular price much less $9 especially after waiting almost 20 minutes for it. Switched to beer after that. View was great, music was great. May go back in cooler months to sit outside.Hard to believe it's so new and as good as it already is. Had the crab and spinach dip appetizer and it was incredible. Did grilled shrimp entree and it was terrific as well. Gotta go back and get the BBQ shrimp. Other people who got it said it was as good as any they'd ever had. Highly recommend. Really cool view too.Great place to watch sunset, which we missed by about 20"!  We shared the sautéed crab claws which came with cheese biscuit, yum!! I had HUGE BBQ shrimp -heads on -appetizer for dinner and hubby had blackened red snapper with menieurre sauce which he said was great. Nice place, wish we were a few minutes sooner! Will try to time it better next time.As others before me have mentioned, you're doing yourself a disservice to eat anywhere other than the 2nd floor patio. You couldn't ask for a more beautiful view while eating a delicious dinner with loved ones.
We started with the blue crab dip and a half dozen charbroiled oysters...OMG. Those charbroiled oysters changed my life. I will dream of them until next year's visit. I also order the corn and crab bisque...it never showed up, sad day.
Then came blue crab pasta for me and BBQ shrimp and cheese grits for Mom. The pasta had a ton of jumbo lump crab meat in it and would have been even better if it had still been warm when it was served to me (bummer). The shrimp were JUMBO and I mean GIANT, HUGE and GARGANTUAN. They came fully intact and had a beautiful presentation and according to Mom, tasted just as good as they looked.
Finally, we ended with the Banana Foster's Bread Pudding...meh. Stick with the seafood. This wasn't great. I wouldn't really even consider it a bread pudding at all.
All in all, great experience and we will definitely be back and hopefully I can finally get my corn and crab bisque and about 3 dozen of those charbroiled oysters.Guess the cook had a bad night cause he sure didn't make it to work today for lunch! My lunch appetizers and her's was horrible. 80.00 for lunch should really be good so just do ya job ! I hate to give bad reviews that means I wasted my money! I had upped my overall grade for the food here after the bad grand opening, but now we're back to one star.Went in to Blue Crab on the opening night... sat in the bar area with a couple of friends and ordered a variety from the menu... for starters we had the 
Sauteed Crab Claws - so delicious! 
Parmesan Eggplant Sticks - Fried perfectly served with a marinara sauce!
Jalapeno Hush-Puppies - I love hush-puppies!
Buffalo Fried Oysters - Fried oysters with a tangy buffalo sauce a great starter!
for our entrees we had:
Louisiana Fried Catfish (also comes grilled) served with hush-puppies and french fries - the catfish was so so good! lightly fried and perfect for dipping in the delicious tarter sauce!
Boiled Shrimp & Crab - the flavor of the boiled shrimp was delicious and the crab was just perfect!
I highly recommend this place! The staff is friendly and welcoming! It's great for families, friends everyone! The patio/deck is spacious and has amazing views of the lake. A great addition to the area!This is REAL seafood. Boiled crawfish, fresh raw oysters  and a savory crab cake sandwich. I am in heaven. It was my first time in NOLA and I wanted the good stuff and someone my sister and I met (and now worship) suggested this place. Thanks Angela! 
The location can sneak up on you as you go down the road so keep an eye out. The possibility of parking at the restaurant is pretty low but there is another lot right across the street. The view of the dock can be so pretty. 
Service was nice and fast. The cashier was patient with my cluelessness. I only took a star off because of the flies. They were tenacious as heck, perhaps some moderately powered fans would have discouraged them. But hey it's outdoor seating there's only so much you can do. 
Anyway, loved it and would go back if I could!This one of my friend's favorites so we opted for a beautiful afternoon lunch. 
We both had the wedge salad. I added fried oysters to mine. 
Crisp iceberg lettuce with candied bacon, balsamic glaze and bleu cheese crumbles. There's a side of bleu cheese dressing, but you really don't need it. And....there are scoops of bleu cheese that we described as ice cream. It's not cold, but creamy and wonderful. I'd eat it on a cone no doubt!
The oysters were fried nicely. Crisp and not greasy. 
We sat outside which was beautiful and had a great view of the water. 
Service was good and food was fairly priced. Our lunch really was dinner sized, but we ate it all in spite of it. 
I'll be back when visiting in the future though it will be hard for me to deviate from this option on the menu.This is a great place to come when you have a largish group & want good seafood. We have come here for our "cousins dinner" twice now as well as with friends & every time was good. They are pretty accommodating to big groups, although last week we were told they do not split checks anymore which led to a bit of trouble at our table because they have always done it in the past. Things I love about this place - the raw oysters are good & salty, the drinks are tasty, they have healthier options available if you don't want fried seafood. Things I don't love - the desserts are just ok, the ladies room is always a disaster, the food menu downstairs is very limited.Took the crew to the Blue Crab last night. Cannot say enough for the restaurant! Excellent food, great gumbo and the shrimp was excellent. We WILL be back!!!18 months later and I'm sticking with my 4 stars. I've been back several times with family, friends and work people. The food is consistent and the atmosphere is laid back. I got the stuffed crab for the 1st time and it was delicious.
Yesterday the downstairs was open with a limited menu, burgers, shrimp tacos, etc. But not the boiled seafood which seemed weird to me. I would have loved to sit outside but the menu was a bit too limited for my family group.
Parking can be tight especially on a beautiful Sunday afternoon but there is usually plenty of parking across the boulevard by the levee. My only criticism is the volume. It's a loud restaurant and wish they could get that under control. It made it hard to have a conversation with the group at my table.Went for my second time last night and tried the Grilled Oysters for an appetizer and the BBQ Shrimp and Grits for an entrée. The grilled oysters were rather bland and did not have much butter in the shells, the cheese on them did not have any flavor. The Shrimp and grits were very good and the shrimp were HUGE. I would definitely order the entrée again but would skip the chargrilled oysters.Lakefront dining at its best. Atmosphere and food enhance the "lakeside" dining experience. Great for family meals out or bring guests from out of town. 
The menu offers something for everyone.Stopped by on a Friday night around 6:30 and the place was packed. The hostesses were kind of disinterested and told my party that the wait was 45 minutes. We decided to wait in the bar, and when we did, we noticed that the back balcony had only a couple of people sitting on it. This made sense as the weather was kind of cold and dreary, but the hostess never even mentioned that this was available. After seeing it being fairly unoccupied we inquired with the hostess about sitting on it, and we were allowed to do so. Great view from the balcony.
The food was excellent and the service was too. We had raw oysters that were fresh and tasty. I had a shrimp cocktail and the crab cakes (both appetizers). The shrimp were large, and the crab cakes were delicious. Other people with me had the red snapper, and it was very fresh also. This place has a relatively small menu, mostly seafood, but it seems to be able to execute this menu with great effectiveness. Our waiter, Matt, did a great job and was very attentive without being a bother.
All in all, this place is great, once you get past the hostesses. Their seafood is fresh and their service is great. Definitely will be going back.A customer of mine recommended this restaurant and told me to try the shrimp and grits.  OMG!  They were the best, and I lived in North Carolina where this dish was invented.  They were simply delicious.  So good that I had to go back the next day and get them again.  Very nice restaurant and service was also the best.  I won't come to New Orleans again without heading back and enjoying this place.Arrived around 7:45. After being told they were out of oyster, we ordered boiled shrimp, we also orders soups. Soups came after our food, even though ordered as starters.  Our boiled shrimp was served without potatoes and corn even though we were told it came with it because they were out. When asked about a discount due to lack of dish inclusions, the waitress said no, she'd give us extra potatoes next time. There will be no next time! She was rude, food was cold not to mention missing half its items. She even got huffy when we asked for some biscuits to replace the potatoes, she never brought any.  We will never be back!I loved this place, great sunset, live band downstairs where we sat. Beers were cold and food was awesome. Ordered the boiled shrimp and boiled crawfish, flavor was delicious, my mouth is watering thinking of the taste. First time eating crawfish and it was memorable.Great place for lunch with friends. Crab cakes and oyster artichoke soup delicious! Good cocktails. 
Friendly service....our waitress was so sweet especially since we asked her to take our picture 5 timesWe wanted boiled crawfish so we decided to go to Blue Crab.  We started with crab cake appetizers.  So full of crab meat and they were a nice size with a delicious tangy remoulade.  Boiled crawfish were $4.50/lb and were a very nice size and great spicy flavor.  Can't wait to go back!I ate at The Blue Crab while on a business trip to New Orleans.  It was one of the best meals that I've eaten while in the city!  The food is great, the service is awesome, and the views of Lake Pontchartrain and the docks are incredible!  I enjoyed a lovely grilled oyster appetizer, their famous blue crab dip, grilled Pompano, and a sinful dessert of Bananas Foster Bread Pudding.  Is your mouth watering yet?  Lastly, I had the pleasure of being seated in the section of a server by the name of Steven.  I was his very first customer on his very first day.  He did a fantastic job!  He knew the menu inside and out and made great recommendations.  I appreciated his attention to detail and great customer service.  Thanks for an amazing meal Blue Crab!!Good local seafood, the standard New Orleans dishes. Salads, raw oysters, gumbos, and fried seafoods are all good, and if you go during a Saints game, the raw oysters are $.50 each!Horrible food! Waited over an hour for food and it was cold! Stuffed flounder could have used some seasoning and the crab dip needed salt... my cocktail was watered down... do NOT waste your money! View is fantastic but that's about itHung out at the bar area for a few drinks and snacks for date night. Great view of the marina just outside. Outdoor patio is nice as well. It was a bit chilly, would suggest that the restaurant puts a few heat lamps outside so people can enjoy the view even on chilly nights. 
Ordered the blue crab and spinach dip to munch on. Delicious and very filling. Not too heavy on the cream, we could actually taste the crab which was good. Overall we were happy with the bar area, will return to try the restaurant portion for dinner sometime.Visiting from Houston on business I had a day off to explore Metairie and the lake front. The Blue Crab popped up close to where I was and I wanted something I couldn't get in Houston. Warmly greeted when I arrived I was seated by the window with a great view of the marina and lake. Cherie was my server and I couldn't of asked for anyone better! Truly a lovely person and very helpful. She recommended the shrimp and grits and I was not disappointed delicious!!! doesn't describe how good they were. I hope I have more business in the Metairie/ New Orleans area so I can come back.The Blue Crab is just right.  The breeze was nice, the view was better and the food was even better than that!  I had the west end Cobb salad, and I was in a daze.  If you ever feel like relaxing along Lake Pontchartrain, this is the place to go.Delish! Our party had BBQ shrimp, onions rings, crab cakes, corn chowder, catfish po'boy, fried shrimp platter & a grilled shrimp platter. Everything was very tasty, service was good but the view from the deck was gorgeous.everything was hot & fresh!!! the wait was pretty long but it was graduation season when we went.Been here several time and it's always good. Made a meal of just appetizer (BBQ Shrimp), bisque and a side of boiled corn and potatoes. Food came out and was impressed by the presentation and quantity. The shrimp could easily be shared by two.
Great service as well. Another good time here!We had a party of 5 (4 adults with 1 toddler). We ordered 1 shrimp platter, 1 combination platter (shrimp and catfish), boiled crawfish, BBQ shrimp, and 1 kids shrimp plate.
     We all really enjoyed our meals. The only complaint we had was that the catfish tasted a little fishy. The shrimp were HUGE. The guy that had the BBQ shrimp wanted to bring the sauce home in a jar.
    We all agreed that this was a solid 4 out of 5 stars.My wife likes shrimp and grits. It was a must find when coming to New Orleans.  Her people told us the best shrimp and grits were at this restaurant.  And after tasting them, I don't think they were wrong.  The broth that covered the grits really set off the seafood flavor.  
We also had the blue crab eggs Benedict.  The crab cake was moist and cooked to perfection.   It was all so good, I must return.We really enjoy this place.  Service and food are consistently good.  A favorite spot for a couple and they're always willing to accommodate a large group.Very rude staff. Even the manager was unaccommodating. Food is overpriced for low quality. Don't waste your time, there's better seafood options in town.Wow
100 degree sweltering heat, no fans, $150 meal
Won't allow bar patio door cracked open to allow some comfort while we eat.
To concerned about the one person in the bar and A/C bill
So sad Brisbi's closed
Won't ever return, I'd rather go to anywhere else.Would not recommend. Blackened red fish which should have clearly been crispy and black was a light brown color drenched in butter. Vegetables were so undercooked a rabbit would have had difficulty biting into the sliced carrot. Waiter took forever to take our order and he only had 2 other tables. Never refilled my tea. Worse service and food I have had in a long time. Menu items grossly overpriced which would not have been so bad had the food been prepared correctly and service better. Considering my step daughter is an employee I would have expected a lot more. 
Do not recommend the charbroiled oysters, they were so dry was all we could do to choke them down. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant if I had every menu item offered for free.Came here with husband and teenaged son.  Tried to make a reservation over the phone to get a table by the window but they only take reservations for parties of 8 and more.  Arrived  at 6pm and there was no table for 3 by the window.  We had to either sit in the middle of the room or on the patio.  We eventually decided on the patio despite the summer sun.  Great decision regardless.  The view was beautiful.  
Ordered the shrimp and grits, soft shell crabs and the stuffed flounder.  LOVED the food.
Two things worth mentioning: 1) Bradley, the oyster shucker, is awesome.  2) The female manager (don't know her name) lacked finesse when telling us we couldn't get a table by the window.  She trumpeted at us like we were little kids, people by the bar turned around to see what all the fuss was about.  I had half a mind to walk out and take my business next door to Brisbi's.  Thankfully, Bradley more than made up for her.  Would've given this place 5 stars (despite the higher-than-normal prices) if manager was not on the war path and too gung-ho about seating arrangements.So went last week with some in town visitors.  Great Service, attentive, helpful well spoken etc.  Food was plentiful and portions were nice.   Boiled Seafood, calamari, then the shrimp and grits.  It had a great sauce with the shrimp but why in the world would you serve it with whole head on un peeled shrimp?  Who wants to play in a pool of sauce trying to shell your dinner.  Cmon guys,  tails OK but having to take them out of the shell and de - vain them?  Step that one up.Only hung out at the bar downstairs but it was a great time with a great view. We just missed the band but from what I understand they have live music on the weekendsSat outside on back deck. Waitress was very good and helpful. Chargrilled oysters are different with cheddar cheese added. Not a big fan but still ok. Fried shrimp were large and grilled fish seasoned well. The fries were cold and seemed to be fried in old oil. Stuffed crab was ok. Beer was cold. Food came out prompt. Parking is difficult at best. View is worth it on a nice evening. Watched the boats come in from Wednesday night races.All of the patios on the lake are so jealous of this patio. It's got the best view and probably the best food.
It's two stories of awesomeness but do yourself a solid. Sit upstairs and outside on the patio. INSIST on it. Understand? You won't be sorry.
The food was great (fried seafood platter which was easily splittable along with a bbq shrimp app) and our waitress was a bit of a weirdo but effective. What really stood out was the view. Sitting there, looking over the lake while sipping on my diet coke and munching on fried shrimp holding my guy's hand? Well it just doesn't get better than that, y'all.What a disappointment!  I so looked forward to having a delicious seafood dinner at this new restaurant at the Lakefront. The space has a wonderful view of the lake and the service was fine. The food is another matter. 
What is the matter with the food?  Over cooking oyster, shrimp and fish makes the seafood hard and dry. I like to taste the Gulf in the shrimp. These had no flavor.  The only items that had a great taste were the gumbo and the mac and cheese.
Go for the view, not the food.Happy Hour oysters with a view. That's what got me interested.
Service is incredible. Our waitress was amazing in making sure we had everything we needed. Plus.
I ordered the BBQ shrimp because I'm secretly on my own adventure to find the best in New Orleans. Compared to Superior seafood ($22) and Mr. B's ($28), they have it at almost half the price. And yes, you could tell because it was half the expected quality. BBQ shrimp here is a miss for me.
Raw oysters. You really can't get this wrong. Even the best places will often have shell pieces. Standard.
Chargrilled Oysters were unique. There were extra cheesy and one of the very few places that have them priced down to $1 for happy hour. The pricing is what would make this dish for me.
Calamari (3.5/5) - I actually finished this dish and it's bits and pieces.
THE VIEW - This is practically half the reason to go to this place. I requested to sit on the balcony and we got the very corner table. Here are some things to note. The view is best when the sun is setting. Plan your meal to where the sun will set nearing the end of your meal. There were a few mosquitoes to be weary about. Good thing I was wearing long pants and sleeves. I didn't expect that at all. Maybe try not to sit so far to the edge? Who knows.
I came to this place looking for a good reason to drive past the city for. Although I was hopeful, Blue Crab Restaurant did not earn that merit.I want to start by saying that the location for The Blue Crab is golden. It's right on the lake and there is a gorgeous view of all of the boats.
So, we stopped in here for lunch on a Friday. My dad had heard about this place and wanted to try it. Looking over the menu, it was your typical seafood faire. I was pretty hungry, so I decided to start with the corn and crab bisque and for my entree I got the stuffed crabs (2 to an order) which came with some bread and fries.
The corn and crab bisque was really good. I added a little hot sauce to it and it was pretty perfect. The stuffed crabs were also really good (served in shell) after I added a little "kick" to them. I liked the fries, but I should mention that they were a bit burnt. Now, I like my fries super crispy, but I know that a lot of people don't, so this might have been cause for complaint for some. One of my main issues was the bread. It was super dry, so I asked for some butter. The waitress brought some back from the kitchen that was rock hard and impossible to spread. My suggestion would be to have a stick or two out, in case someone asks for some. Or better yet, have a few packets of butter on the table. It makes sense that if you are serving bread, someone might want to butter it.
My dad also had the suggestion that water be on the table, since there was none and we only had the drinks that we ordered. Other than all of that, it was a good experience. I can imagine that this place does fantastic business when the weather isn't too hot or cold. There is even outside seating! 
I want to go back and try their fried soft shell crab, since I understand that it comes into season in mid March.Can't beat the view, especially at sunset. Disappointed they do not serve Pimm's. The BBQ shrimp was atrocious. Was so heavy on steak sauce, Worcestershire or actual BBQ sauce. The boiled shrimp was terribly overcooked. Lost most of my shrimp because they could not be peeled. Boiled crabs were fine. Salads were fine. Fried calamari was good.The blue crab dip appetizer was wonderful!  The service and atmosphere were good. The food was good as well. The crab corn chowder was yummy. Definitely family friendly.We sat on the patio, nice scenary.  Food was ok, couldve been better if the experience was better.   The service was horrible.   Waiter chris looked lost and was not attentive and did not get us everything we asked for.   I will not be coming backWe sat upstairs and outside for dinner and listened to the live band below. The ambiance outside was perfect since we were right on the water. The staff was polite and very attentive to everones needs. We got broiled oysters, shrimp and grits and a caesar salad with blackend shrimp. The food was better than we could have expected!Beware!!  Warning!!    If you don't want to be robbed make sure you ask in advance how much they'll will charge you to add 1 softshell crab to your dinner.  I was charged  $16.99 and it was a small crab. Needless to say I want be going back.We checked out this place for a late Saturday lunch and I was underwhelmed.
View: Spectacular - loved watching the boats go in and out of the canal.
Ambience: The inside is very sterile, concrete floors, high ceiling with lots of echoing going on. I can't imagine how loud it must be with a full house. However, the deck dining was very comfortable.
Service: Not overly attentive, I just wish the server had not stood half behind my chair every time she spoke to me, forcing me to turn around in my seat to face her.
Food: Meh. Crab cakes were underseasoned and the sauce was runny. Corn and crab soup was also underseasoned. Fried shrimp are HUGE - probably too big to be fried and also lacking in salt.
Prices: Fairly expensive - 2 apps, 2 entrees, no cocktails - $65. That's a bit much for what's basically a casual lunch.
I'd go back for a happy hour to watch the sunset, but it's not ready for recommendation to out of towners.I love the views and their stuffed flounder is great, but I find the rest of the menu flat and overpriced. There are a few cocktails that I do enjoy but definitely not my favorite food place.Great menu and good service! But please!!!! Get some toothpicks for your customers! Thank you!!Our second visit to New Orleans and we had to--absolutely-!-eat at the Blue Crab. Never disappoints. We were there for lunch and requested a table by the railing overlooking the marina. Gorgeous! I had the salad with fried oysters. You had the choice of fried oysters, shrimp or catfish. The oysters were little pillows of deliciousness!! The bleu cheese dressing was fantastic! The greens were crisp and plentiful. My sister had their signature shrimp and grits. The grits were cheesy and masterfully seasoned. The whole shrimp were succulent--you had to lick your fingers!! You didn t want to miss any of the flavor. Danny was a very attentive server. This is a restaurant we will come back to every time we are in town.Ambiance outside at night... Lovely!! Food and service... OMG!!! I have had better seafood at little dumps around town!! Food is over priced for quality and sooooo salty!! Here is where the service comes in... When I am eating seafood, could you at least refill my water????? They are going to have to work on the menu bc it is very underwhelming, put some of the extra people standing around on refilling drinks, especially outside, and get new chairs for outside seating if you want people to stay and eat and drink!!! I am leaving thirsty and booking an appointment with my chiropractor bc my back is killing me from those damn chairs!! Oh, and my wallet has a big hole in it too!!!We loved EVERYTHING about this place!! The food was delicious, drinks were great, and the live band was a blast. Started off with the Crab Dip appetizer, then had a half dozen raw oysters. I got the Ribeye entree and my husband had the Shrimp and Grits. Absolutely delicious all around. We will most definitely be back.My wife and I ate here today, and I had the boiled crawfish with potatoes and corn. The food had way too much seasoning in it, it was so spicy I couldn't even enjoy the food, my wife had the red snapper plate and even that was not great especially for the price!! My crawfish tasted like they dumped the entire bottle of seasoned in it! And the waiter never asked us once how our meal was or if we needed anything. He was moving so fast, he never took the time to take care of his customers. We'll definitely never go back! Horrible experience. And how do you screw up boiled crawfish???This used to be my favorite salad/app place but I just left and I won't be back. They have this amazing wedge salad that we always used to order. It had Bleu Cheese and bacon a balsamic vinaigrette for a reasonable $8.95. We ordered it today and it came out with 2 lettuce slices instead of wedges. Our server agreed it was small but no one ever came over to address why. At 8.95 I can get a decent salad elsewhereThis is my favorite seafood restaurant in the area. Yes, it is pricey, but the portions are large enough for two. My usual is the Blue crab plate with comes with fried catfish, shrimp, oysters, hush puppies, and stuff crab (which it is totally delicious and savory!) or fried soft shell when in season. They have a good happy happy hour with lots of appetizers and drinks for less.
I also like their cocktails. The best Zombie I've had! Granted I've only tried it at 3 different locations. Their newest daiquiri, blue crab Collins, is also tasty. 
Sometimes they have live music downstairs and I wish it was better advertise. I don't live too far from his place, I wouldn't mind stopping by to listen to some music and have a zombie ;).After hearing radio ads, we wanted to take the Grandmas here for Mother's Day.  We always do Mother's Day the weekend after to avoid the crowds.  We almost didn't go to The Blue Crab.  After seeing reviews about poor service and lame food, we were really reticent.  I did notice that more recent reviews were better, so we decided to take a chance.  Good thing we got there before noon.  Shortly after we arrived, the place filled up.  Our view included the canal and the parking lot below, so we watched boats go by and cars pulling into and out of the parking lot because there were no more spaces.  The food was very good.  We didn't order anything particularly difficult.  Raw oysters, char-grilled oysters, po-boys, combo fried seafood plates and salads with fried oysters on top.  My husband was particularly pleased that he could order a grilled shrimp po-boy rather than fried.  He said it was very good and the shrimp were large.  My 11 year-old really loved the chargrilled oysters.  The service was very good and attentive.  The food came out in a timely manner and was appropriately hot.  I wouldn't call it gourmet, but it was quite good.  We enjoyed the food and we enjoyed the view.  Apparently, they've worked out the kinks with the service issues that were posted earlier.  I would like to see a more local beers there, but that's really just a quibble.As an out of towner my husband and I really enjoyed this place.  Never had blue crab other than soft shell Japanese style.  It's a lot of work getting the meat out but it's worth it!  The spices in the boil were amazing!  If I lived in this beautiful neighborhood I would be a loyal customer!It wasn't terrible. Me and my fiancé went for the first time tonight because we had a gift card. The food was mediocre. We both got fried seafood and it could of definitely used a LOT more seasoning. Not the "New Orleans"-styled food I was expecting for. In fact everything pretty much tasted the same. No "wow" factor at all.  Best part of the meal was the side Caesar salad and French fries-- and i still had better elsewhere. The price didn't meet the quality of the food or service experience. Thankful we had a gift card. Will probably not be going backService was slow and without adequate explanation beyond "kitchen was busy". The 2 stars are purely for the food. Had oysters on the half shell, boiled crawfish and fried seafood platter. Do NOT get the bread pudding. It was disgustingly mushy. It was a gelatinous mess.A conditional 4. More like 4.5... we came for one reason and one reason only, the boiled crawfish. And I will say, after eating at several other places so far this year for crawfish these were hands down the best. Not overcooked and mushy, seasoned appropriately, I could get more than just potatoes and corn with them. We got some chargrilled oysters to start and they were good. The cocktails were what you expect from a waterfront restaurant, not exactly breaking new ground. The server was really friendly, very laid back dude without coming across as nonchalant, works for this kind of place. Overall, no better place I've found with such a view and crawfish.So unfortunately I preferred the spot next door to Blue Crab and here's why: they are so overpriced and I just felt like the food lacked seasoning. There are a lot of tables very close together. I tried the crab and corn bisque and it was rather bland but after hooking it up with some tabasco and salt and pepper I was cool with it. We decided to try the seafood platter and what a mistake that was. The fries are sooooo bad lol. I know they are trying to push the home cut thing but yeah, they can let that go. Just save and get frozen because they were soft and mealy. The shrimp was the best thing on the platter; very large! and the fish wasn't crispy enough. the stuffed crab lacked enough spice to be featured in a cajun restaurant. I just felt like I had chewed but was unsatisfied. Maybe the grilled entrees are better. But it is too pricey to be dissatisfied when you can get seafood at plenty places here.Anyone that knows me...or reads my reviews, knows that I'm a sucker for a great happy hour.  Blue Crab definitely fits the bill!
With happy hour Monday-Friday 4:00 - 6:30, it's easy to find time to partake.
The happy hour offers $3 house wine (they're very generous with their pours) and $1.50 domestic beer.  Appetizers are 1/2 price.  Raw oysters are 60 cents, and char-grilled are $1 each.
With a deck right on the water, you just can't beat the amazing view while watching the sunset.  
The service is just o.k.  It's friendly enough, but pretty slow.  
The food is delicious.  The oysters are fat and tasty.  The char-grilled are just fantastic.  I also tried a friend's fried eggplant sick, and it too was good.  
The only thing that I've tried off of the regular menu was the blue cheese wedge salad with grilled shrimp.  It's priced at $18, but it was a HUGE an delicious salad!  Both of my friends didn't finish theirs.
Atmosphere:  A
Service:  B
Food:  A
Value:  A+ during happy hour.  B+ for regular pricing.
Tab:  3 glasses of wine, 6 raw oysters, 6 char-grilled oysters = $24 after tax and tip.Good boiled seafood.  The bar downstairs was a little slow....but great New Orleans food!Very touristy. The view of the marina was great. When it comes to food there are other local places with better food & less pricey. Got the stuffed flounder $35. Small & we've had much better for a lot less. There were plenty of fries & home made.They only have 3 beers on tap but great cooler selection.I'm usually a little weary of waterfront restaurants (I think a lot places get by on location as opposed to their food), but The Blue Crab was a pleasant surprise. I came for brunch the previous weekend and ordered their BBQ shrimp and grits, which includes about eight large gulf shrimp over a bed of cheese grits, and a cheese biscuit on the side. Everything in the dish was cooked perfectly and the flavors were well balanced. Could you get better shrimp and grits in the city? Probably, but the ones here are a good standard for what shrimp and grits should be. So unless you're looking for an updated version of the dish or somewhere a little more upscale, I'd give this place a try.Great view, great food, great music! Outdoor seating was perfect! The BBQ shrimp and cheese grits were delicious as were the boiled crawfish! The bananas foster was amazing!Really delicious seafood! Fast too! Only downfall is it was kinda pricey... The view is really nice though- it's automatic you pay a little more on the lake. Very tasty.Delicious, I was in town wanting my seafood fix. I sat downstairs, beautiful deck overlooking the inlet. Cold beer and great seafood. I ordered steamed crabs and shrimp. Will definitely return when in town.Alright. This place did not have good food. Its needs more flavor. The people were very nice no problem there. Me and my family were unsatisfied.Excellent service and food!!! We will be back. We sat on patio with a breeze and enjoyed the overcast summer day!The blue crab stuffed oyster, off the app menu,  was the best thing our table ordered.  would definitely order this again.  My little girl always gets crab fingers at every restaurant we go to.  This place has them 3 ways (fried, sautéed, or cold), which is pretty cool.  My daughter picked the fried and ate every single one.  I had the corn and crab soup and it was above average.  My wife had some type of crab pasta, which I tried and found above average as well.  So why 3 instead of 4 stars, we'll let me tell you.  With my soup I ordered the crab cakes, which were $21 for two a la carte.  At a restaurant called the Blue Crab I would have expected them to be stellar, but I was disappointed.  They put an average amount of crab, however; no flavor.  I felt like asking for Tony's.  The other crab dishes I mentioned, that were above average, had another common theme, crab shells throughout.  I'm not sure who cleans there crabs, but they are not doing very well keeping the shells out.We were in town for the Fried Chicken Fest and ate here a few days later for an early dinner per my cousin's recommendation and convienient and beautiful location.
The main dining is on the second floor and has a large patio overlooking the waterway to the lake. Though it was warm we tried the patio since there was a nice breeze and decent shade. My 9 month old, thankfully sleeping, was starting to sweat so we moved indoors.
We started with two signature apps. The crab dip and the bbq shrimp. Though I have had better, the crab dip was great and served with tortilla chips. The bbq shrimp, though naturally oily from all the butter, was delicious. I had to request for bread to dip for its served with just 2 small slices that are overly soaked to mush. It is also served with a cheese biscuit.
I had the fried shrimp dinner which the shrimp were divine but the fries, though slightly seasoned, were not great. My wife had a shrimp poboy and her shrimp were not deveined. Which many places don't. 
Our server was very nice but not very attentive. We did receive attention from other staff members who cleared our app and entree dishes, brought us to go boxes, got our server to bring check. 
I will be back for the bbq and fried shrimp.Don't leave NOLA before trying this place out the food is beyond fresh & flavorful!! Some of the BEST seafood in Nola!!Awesome.  Orderded the Basin shrimp & grits and added a soft shell crab to the top.  It was one of the top 10 meals I've had in recent memory.  Amazing food, attentive service and good views of Lake Pontchartrain made me go back two days in a row!
Hey Yelp...there's no bicycle parking but you can tie up a boat out back.The view from here is so beautiful. The New Orleans Saints owner has his yacht here and what a ship to behold. The food was delicious.Went here during happy hour and was throughly satisfied with both the food and the service given! This is one of the best places for raw oysters as the sizes were pretty big as well as no broken shells were found in the 3 dozen found. The outside seating is a great compliment during the nice, breezy days.Took some friends here for their first crawfish boil.  Made them believers as they sat on the deck overlooking the water. Had a lovely server and I enjoyed teaching my friends how to suck the head while I enjoyed my crabcake salad.  Never had a bad experience at the Blue Crab.We had TEN people with us and they couldn't even give good service. Order was misread, half cold and off proportionately. Manager came to talk to us but it doesn't make a $70+ ticket worth the garbage service.
$280 for a terrible experienceI wish there was a 3.5 rating as this review would be closer to a four and not so much a full three, if that makes sense. 
We came here one Sunday afternoon to get some seafood. I have to say, I really love the location of the restaurant. On a beautiful, cool day you can possibly take in some great outdoors eating. What I don't like, however is that if you choose to sit downstairs, and would like to order off the main menu, you have to make the track upstairs to do it. Not sure if you have to go back up to get it when it's done, as we were already seated upstairs when we were able to order. 
The customer service of our waiter was superb, however the hostesses seemed a little undertrained for the job. We had a party of 6 and were told that it would be a 30* wait. Not having 30 minutes to spare we decided to sit downstairs only to be told (from a guest and not even an employee bc we hadn't been greeted) that we needed to order upstairs off the menu. So we make the hike back upstairs to ask for some menus when i noticed quite a few tables had opened up in such a short amount of time. Not preferring to keep going up and down the elevator I asked the young ladies if there was space now to sit upstairs. One young lady started to shake her head no w/even checking. Thankfully the other young lady spoke up and said that she would put the tables together. Thankful for her! 
So by the time we sit down, we are immediately informed that they are out of quite a bit of entrees. Although I do appreciate being informed promptly, I was quite disappointed that catfish was one of the items no longer available.
The table settled on ordering the roast beef the blue crab dip, poboy, fried shrimp plate, and the stuffed crab plate. I will admit, everything was quite tasty although all the dishes (excluding the roast beef poboy) could've benefited from a touch of salt. The dish that stood out the most to me is the roast beef poboy, who would think that coming from a seafood restaurant!? 
Overall this was an ok experience...however if i had a choice of coming back or trying another restaurant in this area, I think I would just go ahead and try another location.Gumbo was watery and not hot
Waited 30 minutes for the gumbo which had only 3 shrimp.   The cup of gumbo had only one shrimp. Then we waited 40 more minutes for an entre salad and a crab cakes. They were evidently understaffed  which is not not good on a Thursday before a holiday weekend. no we will not come back. The macaroni was great. We noticed other tables upset about the long wait for their foodHad a great time. The crawfish was delicious we will be eating here again when visitingPacked place. Too many tables, too loud, good for a late lunch. Not romantic, don't be fooled by it being on the lake. Service is crap, drinks are crap. Charbroiled oysters were decent. Two stars so far and i have not gotten past the appetizers. So the main dish is not going to give it 3 maybe 2 and a half stars. Well its been more than 30 mins, and no food. We should have ate at Zea's like we initially intended but this was closer and just wanted to try a new spot out.Since the West End seafood restaurant scene of my childhood never returned after Hurricane Katrina, I have longed for a place with even a small semblance of the atmosphere and fresh tastes that I recall. I'm grateful that The Blue Crab Restaurant has met and exceeded my expectations! 
My parents and I just returned from a thoroughly enjoyable experience there. All of us were in agreement: WOW! We ate upstairs in the main dining area with its sunny, open and airy feel overlooking the water and passing sailboats. There's something particularly soothing and satisfying about eating fresh Louisiana seafood in such a delightful space. Our server, Cilver, immediately made me feel welcome with her unmistakably bright and friendly personality. She was helpful and patient and appropriately attentive to our needs. We just loved her!
We began our Fourth of July meal with the fried onion rings that were exceptionally tasty with a well seasoned and crispy coating, not greasy, covering the deliciously sweet, soft onions. For our main courses, my mother enjoyed the stuffed crab platter with a good amount of fresh crabmeat balancing out the breading in the mixture while my father and I enjoyed fried seafood. The oysters and shrimp were fried perfectly and coated with a lightly seasoned batter that allowed us to taste the fresh seafood flavors. The oysters and shrimp were of an eye-popping good size. All three entrees were generously portioned, leaving the three of us to ask for to-go containers. Finally, we shared my mother's choice of dessert, Alison's Double Dessert, a well constructed combination of fudge brownie and cheesecake with a cherry topping. It was warm, creamy, and not overly sweet -- a fantastic capstone to our delicious meal.
I highly recommend this authentic New Orleans lakefront restaurant not only for its ambience and tasty offerings but also for providing a contemporary nod to West End seafood history. Well done!We ate here tonight and it was amazing. My family loves to eat seafood when they come in from out-of-town. My sister was dying for some fried oysters, so we decided to take my parents and eat here for dinner. What a great choice. The staff was prompt and friendly.
There is a call ahead option for parties under eight. There was only five of us so we use this option and the minute I got off the elevator they knew who we were and how many at our table. It was nice to see friendly faces. 
My sisters request of fried or sisters she said with a bat she had eaten in all of her trips here to New Orleans. She said they were fried perfectly and absolutely delicious. I have the shrimp platter and added a fried soft-shell crab. What a delicious dinner it was. I would recommend this place to anyone!!I have visited the Blue Crab restaurant on many occasions and brought out-of- town guests there often.  I was very disappointed in the customer service we (6) experienced one Friday night. We were told that there was a forty-five minute wait time and we then waited at the bar. Obviously we were skipped over, and ended up waiting one hour and forty-five minutes. No apologies were given. We weren't happy, we spoke with the girls several times and we figured they skipped over us and sat other people. Not sure if I will go back.Overall, good experience for the situation.
Three of us went to eat on a Saturday night and waited 45 minutes. We initially sat down at the bar and ordered oysters but were able to sit at a table inside. The service at the bar was good. The waiter at our table was not so good but adequate. The chargrilled oysters were good but were over-done with the toppings. We all shared a combo platter for our meal; everything tasted great and the breading wasn't too much and had good seasoning. For eating at this local joint on a Saturday night, we had adequate service and delicious food.The ambiance of the outdoor deck and view of the lake is reason enough to come here. I found the staff to be very friendly and conscientious. The raw oysters were fresh and plump - I didn't get a chance to try the grilled ones.  Abita Amber on tap.
The salads were very disappointing. My wife had the Gulf salad which was nothing more than a handful of greens thrown on a plate with a few blackened shrimp that were over cooked. The Cobb salad had more going for it which I enjoyed but again the shrimp were dry. 
Others at the table enjoyed their seafood pasta dishes, but to me the sauces looked too heavy and rich. A couple of folks had crab cakes (large balls) which looked nothing like what I am used to in Maryland. I didn't hear any complaints so I guess they enjoyed them.  I'm not a fan of fried food so I can't comment on any of the platters.
Overall the prices were reasonable. This is a fun place to eat and I will go back but will mainly stick to oysters and beer on the deck.Great service, awesome food!  Our first visit but not our last. Very nice way to spend New Year's Eve in spite of awful weather. Saw lots of fireworks from our table.Live music nice view of the lake especially if you get to see the sun setting 
The food Yummy haven't been disappointedBefore I begin, I want to note that I believe in complimenting great service and outstanding dining with a good review. Conversely, I must also write up a poor performance and/or service even if it hurts to do so. With that said, here we go:
My son chose The Blue Crab to celebrate his 22nd birthday. We'd been there in the past and had mostly good experiences. My son was looking forward to this for a long time. It was a Friday evening and we figured it would be busy.  It was, but that was ok. We were told at the hostess stand it would be 20 minutes. The couple ahead of us were told 10 minutes. All of us were still waiting 35 minutes later even though many patrons had already eaten and left. The hostesses were either detached, aloof, overwhelmed, or a combination of all three. The nice couple that had been told 10 minutes finally gave up at 37 minutes. We were seated at 40 minutes, outside, in an overcrowded area with no awning, at least not where we were.  Our server finally made it over to us and we put our drink order in at 60 minutes. It began to drizzle, then rain, then storm. By that point we had to pick up our menus and silverware and find a place to awkwardly stand indoors among diners and empty tables. 
We found our server and handed our menus and utensils back to her, letting her know we had to leave. We did not want to but had to given the storm outside. She seemed confused. She was super kind, very nice, but seemed to be under the influence of something.  Her eyes were hazy and her words slurred. She forgot we were outside and forgot our drink order. But like I said before, very sweet, very kind - but "out of it". 
Server: "why are you leaving?"
Me: it's raining heavily on our table on the patio
Server: "why can't you eat inside?"
Me: I would love to eat inside. Can we?
Hostesses: *complete silence and blank stares*
Once that opportunity came and went, the server had to get back to her job and we, standing awkwardly, were in the middle of heavy foot traffic inside the main dining room. They let two good-paying customers walk right out that door without even as much as an "I'm sorry" or "let's see what we can do to make this right".  Even my son finally threw in the towel on the whole thing.
I'm not a diva diner, I'm easy to please and don't ask for much. I'm happy to wait my turn especially if things are busy. As for me, I would have left and not returned. I only stayed because it was for my sons birthday and he was looking forward to it more than anything. 
My recommendation is don't begin to try and have dinner there unless your pre-gather a group of eight or more...then they'll let you make a reservation.  But dinner for two?? Good luck.A wonderful recommendation from a friend. Good service nice watching the sail boats coming in. Wonderful bar and kitchen staff. The biscuits are lite and full of flavor!  The bbq shrimp were huge and the sauce as good as any place in the cjty!Wonderful location on the lake, with fresh fish and seafood.  I especially like the crab claws with the creamy sauce, either as an appetizer or with pasta as an entree. Today I had the crab cakes and onion rings from the appetizer menu.  We've eaten here several times, and it's consistently delicious.The outside seating gives this place a 5, the food a 3, hence the average of 4 stars. Highly recommend the blueberry vodka speciality drink-perfect mix for a buzz but still delicious. I got the crab cake sandwich, which was okay and a bit flavorless so I'd probably try something else next time. The hush puppy side was standard, but looking at another guests table the grilled vegetables looked like the side to get. Would go back for another date night where we can sit on the patio, but don't recommend for a regular indoor night out.Came per recommendation from a friend... waiter (he) came by was friendly and mentioned they were slow and was glad we came in so he could focus on newcomers to his establishment. Our group ordered drinks and appetizers then we never saw him again for at least 30 minutes... he finally came by and refreshed our drinks... 40 minutes later we Still had no appetizers or entrees. 
I asked for out check and he proceeded to ask if I still wanted the food... REALLY?!?! 
I sat there with clients and was completely embarrassed by this establishment!!!  I'll Never Be Back and will make sure everyone I know NEVER goes back again to.Gosh awful wait,  small seating area without outside open.  Hostess very unrealistic  with wait time.  Took  1hr 45 min, by that time the food was acceptable but not that great.Nick the Owner and Katie our Server welcomed us with open arms and the food was fantastic!!!!  Deanie's didn't want our business and we found a new home at Blue Crab!  Thank you for a lovely last evening with our family before we all depart....Decent seafood and drinks, but a bit overpriced. $28 for a soft shell crab poboy!!Hands down this place has the best oysters in the city of New Orleans and they even have them going for a $1 for happy hour!! Who doesn't love a bargain especially if its tasty!!!The food was OUTSTANDING as was the service. Chris was our sever and besides being very knowledgeable of the menu provided amazing service. I can't wait to go back.
Request Chris!!Service was extra ordinary. Can't remember the sever's name but the blonde haired blue eyed young lady was very friendly and helpful. She has been there over a year as she explained by the color of her shirt and she knew her job and how to treat people. Great food generous portions friendly atmosphere.Good food at a reasonable price.  Sat outside this eve (by choice) and I thought we were gonna die when the sun is going down at 5:30 pm don't sit outside haha.  Raw oysters were really good tooThis is one of our favorite places.  I always get the Wedge salad. It is truly one of the best I have ever had. It's such a lovely view, especially if you sit out on the deck.  We also live the Blue crab dip as an appetizer, it's always delicious!Great recommendation by our LFT Driver....Silver was the best, her hospitality, welcoming spirit and smile made for an awesome experience. We enjoyed the seafood gumbo and the ability to create a combo platter w/ cat fish and shrimp! Fresh and favorable.Well this 5 star rating is for ambience & atmosphere. Food is a 3.5 at best. Lovely, lively band this Sunday afternoon. 
Sure they're busy, but service must ilmproveGreat location and atmosphere!  So many choices for good seafood in NOLA and although I can think of others with better prices and great food, it's hard to beat the combination of the location and the food.  We always enjoy Blue Crab when we want to enjoy a meal in the lakefront area.  The rest of my family prefers the fried seafood at Blue Crab, especially the jumbo shrimp they serve, but I always enjoy their grilled fish dishes or grilled fish salads, which either aren't available or aren't very good at many of our local staples for excellent fried seafood.  Like some others, I Iike to substitute the catfish for either the mahi mahi or fish of the day in the salad.  The grilled fish I've had at Blue Crab has always been very tasty and was better than many other excellent seafood restaurants in the city that have great fried seafood.  
When it was still pretty new, when departing after a meal, I had been very genuinely asked by a manager (I presume) for candid feedback about the food and service.  I remember the first time I went and the onion rings weren't up to standards compared to many of the more established restaurants in the city, but they have been vastly improved the last couple of visits and have been really good.  It seems like they are working to continuously improve.  
It's great to see the beginnings of a vibrant southshore lake shore drive again.I'm going to be nice and just say, stick with Deanies if you're in this area!   The sunset view is nice here, but paying nearly $20 for a single softshell crab will make any local nauseous. They'll get you with that "market price" cost.  Should be $$$ for $ qualitybland , and boring . this place was one of the worst places i ate in nola . the crawfish were bland and water logged . the catfish over cooked and the oysters were literally full of dirt and sand ! i told the waitress she shrugged and me what i wanted done ? how about take them back and clean them out! she took them and came back with oysters that still weren't cleaned out! ugh awful awful awful ! the soup i ordered as an appitizer also came out after we'd all finished with the mains .Exceptional, great and friendly staff. I personally had crawfish, and it was a great level of spice and flavor. Be aware that large groups cannot pay through separate checks, but that should absolutely not deter you from going.This place has great seafood. I had the fried oyster and grilled shrimp combo and it was wonderful. We also got the bbq shrimp with a biscuit and the onion rings. I can't wait to come back!!We had lunch at the Blue Crab on Sunday. the weather was perfect so we sat on the back deck and looked at the lake. We started with the blue crab dip which was served with blue tortilla chips. it was excellent with lots of crab meat. Next we had the bar-b-que shrimp & grits. I'd put it in the top five in the city. The strimp were easy to peel and very tasty. Our waitress was friendly, attentive and quick with getting drinks from the bar. We met one of the owners and he was very friendly and told us all the plans for future growth. The downstairs is open with concrete flooring, perfect for crawfish boils and Saints games.We will definately be back.We came here to be close to the lake. The food was a pleasant treat!  My wife & I had the grilled pompano stuffed with crabmeat. It was excellent!  I had oysters on the half shell. They were plump, succulent and slightly salty. More food than we could eat!  Leftovers will be welcome!  Our waiter was very attentive!Went here for a birthday celebration when Deanie's was packed. Yelp had good reviews, which proved to be accurate. The blue crab pasta was amazing, and our server Kimberly had us in stitches. We had an awesome time and will be sure to come back :)What a waste of money. We brought a group of 9 here, expecting great seafood considering the price. Our view was beautiful as we sat out on the balcony at sunset, and that was literally the only good thing about this place. The fried seafood was mediocre at best. The $9-$10 cocktails were basically just fruit juice with no alcohol to be found in them. Our waitress was hard to find and brought out appetizers 10 minutes between other peoples'. Two of us got the fresh gulf fish and were told we have a choice of pompano or red snapper, and we both got red snapper. 15-20 minutes after she has supposedly put in the order, she comes back and tells us there's no red snapper. Really? How did it take that long to get back to us and ask us what we'd like instead? Anyways, we ended up just going with the pompano, and the grilled pompano was fuuuuunnnky. I love pompano, red snapper, trout, drum, I love all fish but especially those, and something was not right about how this fish was made. Ended up just eating the veggies on the side instead, which were bland (just tasted like butter and salt) as were the fried oysters the person sitting next to me ended up sharing with me. Speaking of sharing, the onion rings we got for an appetizer at almost $8 an order were once again, mediocre. We ended up spending $520+ and will never return again. Complete waste of money.This is my second time going and it was good. Bbq shrimp are really good. I had the stuffed flounder. It was tasty the grits were AMAZING. My favorite thing are the drinks the blue Collins and the crab trap are both really good.It is in a convenient and easy-to-reach location (although, parking is tight), and everything is new, neat, clean, and attractive. The wait staff are professional. My Stuffed Crab Plate was simply delicious, and my lunch-mates has the Blue Crab Platter, and all items on it were outstanding, according to what they told me. We all agreed that The Blue Crab is an "A+" seafood restaurant. RJTNOT highly recommended. Location is great. Oysters were not good at all. My main problem was the service--4 "gals" behind the bar and had to ask over and over again for a glass of wine..  One of them kept telling me how "sick" she was.I would not recommend this place to anyone.  I had the worst experience and the owner did not even try to compensate other than buying my first round of drinks for 2.  When I make a return visit. I spent $30 on drinks while waiting for my dinner.
The place is so unorganized and the poorest service I have ever encountered. We ended up leaving without eating.
It first began when we gave our name to the girl to put us on the list for a table. I asked the girl to give us a table outside on the balcony. She said it would be a while. I asked her how long. She said there were five people in front of us. I told her that was okay. We will go wait at the bar. 
We went to the outside downstairs bar. The girl behind the bar was clearly not a bartender. She moved very slow and didn't seem to know where anything was. She even had trouble to open a couple bottles of beer. We waited a good eight minutes for her to get to us, when there were only two people in front of us. When she did get to us, we ordered our drinks and she went looking all over the place for pineapple juice for one drink.  She then came back to us and told us we have to go upstairs to the bar and order , she did not have pineapple juice.
We went upstairs to the bar, and there was one girl behind the bar taking care of all the people at the bar and also the waiters and waitresses. I made a comment to my friend that they needed another bartender to help back there.
All of a sudden four people appear behind the bar and they are making drinks! For who, I don't know. We waited about 10 minutes before we were asked by someone other than the original bartender if we wanted to drink.
We ordered our drinks and went outside to wait for our table. That is when we met the owner. We were excited to eat there for the first time!
As we waited for a table, we went back to the bar to get another drink. This time the original bartender working at the bar made us our drinks. We immediately notice the difference in taste as to the amount of alcohol in our drink as to our first drink made by someone else. The drinks were inconsistent throughout the time we were there.
When we get called for our table. The hostess tries to seat us inside! I told her that we asked to be seated outside when we first gave our name. So we went back to the front desk area to tell the hostess we wanted an outside table. At that point I was becoming upset. I informed the hostess that I should not have to repeat again that we wanted a table outside. We were given a new buzzer to wait for an outside table.
Now we had to wait even longer.
We finally get called for an outside table about 10 minutes later. As we were seated, we were handed our menu.
It took another 10 minutes before a waiter appeared to take our order. We ordered an appetizer of charbroiled oysters and then our dinner which was the blue crab seafood platter. 
We must have waited a good 20 minutes before anything happened. The waiter comes out with the seafood platter. I asked where is our appetizer of Charbroiled oysters?  He did not know.
He then comes back five minutes later with another waiter by his side with oysters. They get to our table and the other waiter says these oysters are not for us they were for someone else.  (Mass Confusion!)
I told my waiter to take back the seafood platter and that we wanted our oyster appetizer first. He takes the seafood platter back and then this girl appears at our table to tell us it will take a while for the oysters they were shucking them now. I could not believe what I was hearing.
I asked what was the problem? She replied, there is no problem. I replied to her, if there was no problem, then what was she doing at our table?
She said that the kitchen was backed up. I told her that was not an excuse. They messed up, and I also asked what her name was.
She told me her name was Kelly. I became so upset with her excuse, but I asked her to leave. Who and what is she? That was totally not professional.
I am sorry to say that my friend and I stood up and left. We went over to Landry's to eat next door. Landry's service was impeccable. It also took them hardly no time to serve us.
We spoke to the waiter at Landry's about our service at the blue crap. He informed us that many people come to Landry's and complain about the bad service at the blue crab. 
I believe the blue crab needs some professional restaurant management help from my first impression.
Stay away from this place.
I emailed the owner, and he was not willing  to compensate me for another visit.
So this review comes his way for poor customer service.I LOVE the food at the Blue Crab. My family and I have tried most things on the menu and haven't had a bad thing yet.  I don't eat crab stuffing but I do here. It is delicious. The broiled flounder is to die for.  It is very kid friendly and large party friendly. I love the view. The only thing I think needs improving is the service.I went there for lunch and have to say there are much, much better restaurants in New Orleans. I was hoping that the place might have captured some of the good vibes from the old Brunings reataurant, which was one of my favorites. 
The pompano I had was nicely cooked, but the hush puppies were just plain awful. They were rock hard, and when I was able to finally pry one open, it totally lacked any flavor. The ambience is lacking for a waterfront restaurant and the decor is very bland.
I have to say though, that the servers were great, and were very attentive.I hesitate to even give this place two stars.  The place did seem relatively clean, so that is good.  We ordered tea which was old.  You could tell it was probably brewed a few days ago and had been sitting around for a while.  I then ordered a beer. I felt something that came in a bottle would be safe.  We ordered the sautéed crab claws as an appetizer. They were ok. The sauce they were in had little flavor. My husband and and I then shared the Blue Crab Platter.  It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't good either.  Let me mention that the prices are extremely high in my opinion for the food they are serving. If you are looking for fried seafood go to Deanie's.  The prices are the same or less and the food is infinitely better.  We will definitely not be going back here.  It is a shame because it is a good location.Blue crab dip was really good. Main course was excellent and the service was good. Very much worth the trip over from baton rouge. Call ahead because it is a very popular local place in west end.pretty standard menu for seafood.  
however the food is above just standard.   I had the stuffed crab shells and it was nice and rich.    we also had some oysters, and friends had snapper, and amber jack.    we came on a sunday night, and there were many things they were out of.    that tells me this place does hella business.  but what they were out of?  no one really wanted to order anyhow.   
dinner, drinks, and dessert.    great creme brulee
I'll be back.    next time I'm going to get the steak with crab.  that looked good.