Service - pretty good. Location was close to hotel. 
BBQ shrimp - was not a fan of it. 
Pork chops - well cooked and seasoned. Large portion with colored greens and crab corn risotto. 
Stripped sea bass - VERY fishy.  As was the shrimp with it. Being New Orleans , expect fresh seafood. Didn't smell fresh at all. 
Other issues. Restaurant smelled of tobacco, people smoking.  Big turn off. 
Also, the dress code says business casual. But people came in wearing sweats, baseball caps, flannels, etc. 
Expect more from a restaurant having the name oh john besh. 
Better off at a chain steak house.Since John Besh left, this restaurant went downhill. My steak tasted like liver and it was a filet. Their menu shrunk and their prices expanded. The only thing good was the service. Will not go back there.Just stopped here for drinks!!! Proper sazarac! Awesome ambiance! Menu looks great can't wait to try the pork chop! Heard it's spectacular!!!Sat at the Chef's Table. It (and Chef Paul Robert) was amazing. Started with a crab salad amuse-bouche that was incredibly tasty. Next, we had chicken liver pate. It was rich, creamy and delicious. Then we had a steak and shrimp fajita - the meat was a little fatty, but it was good. The sastuma swordfish we had next was great and was followed by an incredibly delicious aged New York strip and lobster twice stuffed baked potato. To close it all out, we had an array of desserts that were to die for - chocolate mousse, bread pudding, coconut cake, etc. 
Amazing. And, the service was phenomenal.Easter Sunday....comped meal...party of 5. We all ordered the 14 oz prime rib steak.  Only 2 out of the 5 were cooked right and juicy.  Plate came with the steak and fries..the fries seemed to be from the bottom of the fryer.  It was a lunch bag letdown.  Presentation was ho hum...Good thing our friends had Harrahs credits for this overpriced dinner. The dishes are good, over sized and way too expensive. I had a steak, perfectly cooked with extra grissle and a great sauce. Could of cooked it at home and cut the meat better. Oysters on the half shell were way too cold. Wine was just OK.
Service was quite good.As New Orleans residents we dine out frequently. A week ago, we dined at The Steakhouse at Harrah's Casino New Orleans as guests of old friends from out of town. Except for the company, it was one of the most dreadful meals we've had in recent years. The ambiance of the room was fine, our waitress was attentive, and the brussels sprouts appetizer was excellent. The rest of the meal was, at best, disappointing. We were first told that 2 of the 6 a la carte steaks on the menu were not available. That's just not acceptable when dining in a "steakhouse." After our drinks and appetizers, we were told that the prime ribeye ($45) was now available, so I ordered one cooked medium rare. When my entrée arrived, it was strangest looking ribeye I've every had with three small muscles one of which was largely grizzle and ligament plus it was slightly overcooked. About a third of it was inedible. To make matters worse, when a captain/manager approached our table and asked if everything was OK, I told him my steak was not OK. He replied, paraphrasing, "Oh, was that the one I saw leaving the kitchen with three parts to it?" It was bad enough that the chef let an only partially edible, $45 steak, leave his kitchen, but it was made worse to know that it had been noted by restaurant management and ignored. If we had not been guests of old friends from out of town, I would have insisted on getting a properly cut and prepared steak or having it removed from my bill. Finally, I don't often write negative reviews, but in this case we had a bad meal and, for the quality, extremely overpriced.Travel around the country to all Ceasars (Harrah's) casinos.  Though this is not a Ceasars run restaurant,  expected it to be up to par with the other eating establishments in the world of Ceasars Entertainment. 
Have viewed Besh on PBS many times. So expected it to be really good.   It was not.  Gave it a C rating.  The service was crappy for an upscale restaurant.   The best part of the meal was the pumpkin soup. It went downhill from there. 
For the price this was a huge disappointment.  Will not go back in January when we revisit this ares.  This area has great cuisine this place that nite was not one.Well I was hoping that my fav steak house was not going to be affected by the loss of John but it looks like I may have had my last meal at my long time running with the ol casino bar. I love the guys that work here and have been drinking and eating with the bartenders for years. I rolled into town to give it a run and it just isn't the same. I ordered my usual amazing Filet with a reduction sauce and potato cake. After seeing it wasn't on the menu I noticed it was now a typical over priced a la cart racket like the rest of them. Basically everything hard to make or anything with expensive ingredients has been stripped from the menu. So I ordered a typical overpriced filet that I could cook better at home and got what I expected that was dry and luke warm with a typical over priced side. It's too bad... now I will need to eat first before I go hang out with my fav bartenders in New Orleans.John Besh is taking over New Orleans..literally! so many John Besh's restaurants...
We had to try Besh Steakhouse to see what all the hype was about.  Tried it once and it was good..and that's about all I can say..good NOT GREAT..I don't think I'll come back which is why I rated it 3 stars.
We went to dinner one night with my mom, my fiance, my brother and his girlfriend. We enjoyed the dinner because it was nice spending quality time with the family but we weren't WOWed with the food..again..just good...
Appetizers:
1.) Louisiana Seafood "3 ways": Shrimp Remoulade, crab with caviar, fried oysters with blue cheese dressing
I enjoyed the crab with caviar the best
2.) Stuffed Crab Shells: Probably the best thing of the night =)
Entrees:
1) Mom got the Grilled Pompano: Nothing compared to GW Fins Pompano but still good..
2.) 30-day aged 18 oz Prime NY Strip with Abita Amber Onion rings: ordered the steak medium rare..came out medium
3.) my brother and his girlfriend shared the surf & turf: they said it was okay as well..not amazing
Desserts:
Don't remember what we ordered but they were okay.
Overall a 3 star..don't think I'll come back..Next time I'll stick to Ruth's Chris when I have a steak craving...This was my first experience at a Besh restaurant and the only thing I have to complain about is my pork chop was too big to finish. Seriously.
In setup, the restaurant does a fantastic job of isolating you from the casino noise. We could still hear overhead announcements, but the din of the slot machines was pretty much silenced.
Toast and pate to start the meal, and a very nice pate at that. Deceptively light, and rich in flavor. I could feel my arteries hardening, but I will die a happy woman.
We split the oysters for an appetizer; the flavor was a little strong for me, good use of the oyster's natural liquor, but my sweetie loved them.  I also enjoyed an organic greens salad, very much appreciating that the salad options weren't just a wedge of iceberg with bleu cheese dressing that you find in a lot of steakhouses. 
For entrees, we had the prime rib and the pork chop. The rib was deliciously tender. The glaze on the pork chop was both sweet and spicy and worked very well against the crab and corn orzo "risotto." The pork was also perfectly cooked, tender and juicy. I've never had better.
Dessert was a creme brulee, which was clearly made in-house. Deep vanilla flavor and a serious crust on top. It seems a lot of people are serving creme brulee these days, but are afraid to really scorch the sugar.
I will recommend and definitely go back.First of all its weird to pay for drinks in a casino where they are free. Although side note- the alcohol is free but energy drinks are not.. 
I was disappointed to not get a good quality burger. It was taken off the menu when they stopped cutting their own meat. Now they order portion sized. Hmmm. So I went with a Caesar salad and appetizer spicy beef lettuce wraps. My fiance liked them but I thought they were too sweet. Salad had these smoked croutons but wasn't anything to write home about. My fiance had the swordfish which he finished quickly. The portion was really small. I hate to think what the $79 steak would have been like. Bartender was used to getting freakishly huge tips from locals and drunks so he wasn't so excited about us.  It was a weird atmosphere, but hey... casinos are weird.I have eaten at Besh many times and have enjoyed the meal however tonight it was horrible at best.  Ordered steak medium can out medium rare, ordered garlic mashed potatoes and got fried cold potatoes, salads were limp no crisp to them.  The only reason I rate it s one star and not negative is I have no other option.  This place has gone down hill!!!!  I did not send back food due to the fact you never know what they will do.  Waiter Larry was not concerned at all when I complained at the end.  Just he hopes we will give it another try.  Not going to happen!!This review is for the food, not the service. The service was excellent! Every item was overpriced and mediocre in taste. My $32 lobster tail looked and tasted like the $12 lobster tail I've gotten at Outback. My fiancé ordered the NY Strip medium rare. It came medium rare but it was a poor cut in meat. Very veiny and difficult to cut. The bread pudding was blah and dry. We did enjoy the lemon drop martini & old fashioned! Very tasty!Great meal. Nice pâté as a taster. Meat pies and duckMaybe it was the hype or maybe it's the extra oxygen pumped into the casino that got me excited for this place, but two words: huge disappointment.
The service and food was not up to the standard of the restaurant's reputation and price.  Aside from the decor and the prices, it was as if I was sitting at a crappy roadside diner, which can be good at the price range.  Our waiter disappeared for a good 20 minutes when the dining room floor was barely filled.  We did not get our orders in until 40 minutes after we were initially seated.  Even after getting the orders, the waiter was non existent for most of our meal.
Even if we table the bad service, the food preparation did great injustice to the fresh ingredients.  My steak was not medium rare.  The lobster meat was drenched in overly salted and buttered sauce.  The vegetable side was tasteless and over steamed.  
By giving them two stars, I am already lenient and that's because of the complimentary pate, which was very good, and the extensive wine and food menu.  If only their culinary preparation lived up to Besh's name.Came here to celebrate a Birthday, our waitress Tiffany was awesome.   Our favorite steakhouse in town.Most seductive melt in your mouth steak in the city of New Orleans!! Definitely recommend this restaurant!!So, a month ago, I dined here for the first time and had an awful experience.  See my 1 star review for details.
After leaving the review, I was contacted by guest services to inquire about details of my evening. 
The Manager, Robert, contacted me and invited me back for a meal to show me how things can be better here.  I am back in town for business and decided to take him up on his offer.  As I did last time, I asked to sit at the bar.
I can say that I noticed a very big difference in the service.  The bartender, Patrick, has gone above and beyond from the second I sat down.  Drinks prompt, offered to answer questions about the menu.  Pleasant conversation about a variety of topics.  
He has continued to check in on me throughout the meal.  THIS has been the level of service I was expecting from a restaurant of this caliber. 
The steak just arrived.  And, all I can say is WOW.  THIS one is among the best steaks I have ever eaten.  I can say that I am highly impressed with this visit.
I hope that everyone that comes down here and visits Besh has the level of service and quality of food I received on this trip.
I will certainly be back when I am in town next time!We were vacationing in New Orleans for a few days and we were staying at the Harrah's casino. My mom had a $200 voucher that could be used at Besh's and I'm so glad she hadn't actually wasted her own money on a this place, as it was definitely over priced for the quality of food. My food was delicious, but my brother's and mom's meals definitely had issues. My mom had the pork chop, which was definitely overcooked and dry, but her risotto was yummy. My brother had the seared rib eye, which tasted burnt and only came with french fries, which was boring and was not a very good side for a steak. The best part of the meal were the desserts we shared. They were both gorgeous and yummy. The food was okay, but for the price they really didn't measure up. Besh's definitely won't be on our to do list the next time we're in town.My friend and I wanted a good place for steak on our trip to New Orleans. I chose this place and I am so glad. I had the best meal that I can remember. We both had the special which was prime ribeye topped with crab meat and béarnaise sauce. I am still drooling over how great that steak was. 
 Our waitress was wonderful. I wanted a side that came with a different entree - no problem. We shared a Cesar salad- no problem. I cannot say anything but good about our waitress. 
I will definitely go back and hope they offer the same special.Ate here several years ago and it was amazing-- would've given it 5 stars then.  However, this time the food didn't even get close to expectations from previous dining here and at other Besh restaurants.  We did order the special August Coolinary menu, so maybe we were being punished for that!   Service, however, was excellent.Easily made reservations online and the perk is that they take Total Rewards comp dollars at $1 / 100, which is great.
Once you sat down, they provided these crisps with chicken liver pate, which was quite good. Some of the crisps seemed a bit stale while others were perfect. The pate was delicious and decadent but I sometimes I wonder if that would appeal to a larger audience? Most people would be so turned off by it. 
Then they gave you fresh, warm bread with homemade whipped butter, which was delicious. 
For our appetizers, mom got the turtle soup, which was very good and had a spicy kick to it. I got the crab meat with butternut squash soup, which was amazing. It had huge, generous portions of crab meat in it. 
Mom said all the soups were a little too salty for her tastes. 
For the main course, I had the shrimp and grits, which was a bit huge on the portion size but very delicious with the perfect spices and kick to it. 
My mother's rib eye was slightly over cooked when we ordered medium rare, which was disappointing but still very delicious. She loved the french fries that came with it. 
She was a little upset also that it was a bit too salty for her tastes. I tend to agree a little. It seemed they were a little heavy handed with it. 
We did not even have room for dessert sadly afterwards. 
Our waitress was very friendly, a little too friendly but would prefer that. She forgot to put in our order of risotto, which I'm sort of glad happened because it was just way too much food. 
I'd definitely return but remember to save room for dessert next time!Food was great. Steaks were cooked to perfection. Service was fantastic. The sides were even better. Very accommodating on the menu i.e. We had a vegetarian person with us and they pretty much made a dish to his liking that was not even on the menu. Ambiance is nice for a casino restaurant. Overall a good experience.This review is completely based on our service. My friend and I came in with a certificate we had won for a free meal. We understand that that can be annoying for a server.  Our server Anthony was so kind and so patient with us. He kept us laughing and smiling the entire meal.  It's rare to find such great customer service and it really made the meal such a wonderful experience.The Steakhouse inside of Harrah's was a wonderful surprise for our date night. We started off our dinner with a couple of happy hour dishes.  The lamb meatball was delicious. I'd consider going back and ordering a plate full with some bread.  The grilled cheese was a comfort food classic. 
The iceberg wedge salad with benton's bacon was great. The bacon was SMOKEY and in big, chewy chunks. Almost like smoked cracklins, Acadiana style.
I had the bone in ribeye and my wife had the filet. Both were cooked medium to medium rare. Outside was finished with butter, seasoned well, and was delicious.  Once we cut into them, the steaks were picture perfectly done. I had my steak topped with grilled shrimp. Shrimp had a nice "grill" flavor, and didn't have a hint of iodine, as I've encountered at other places. Nice addition to the steaks.
Our sides were the corn and crab risotto, mushrooms and onions, the fried Brussels sprouts. The mushroom and onions, as well as the Brussels sprouts were solid traditional sides. But the corn and crab risotto could definitely be a stand alone dish. Rich, buttery and delicious blue crab meat. We couldn't even finish it, took it home, & I heated it up the next day. It was still awesome.Service was good, the steaks took awhile, and it wasn't all that for the $60 price tag for each. The server was great and bought us a round for the wait. My steak was not cooked how I wanted it. I do like the bone marrow they give you with your steak. I noticed a couple other tables complain about the food as well. For the price I would prefer a different restaurant. Been to plenty of steakhouses where the steaks were $20 cheaper and 20x's better. If in Chicago ever make reservations far in advance to Mastro's. The porterhouse was the same price and very very good. Melted in your mouth.I was disappointed.  I am a fan of John Besh and I guess I expected more.  The food was good but not as good as Ruth's Chris.  The service was not up to what I expected either.  I guess I will have to try another of this restaurants.Hands down, our favorite steakhouse, and Allen is our favorite waiter. Hubby and I enjoy the cowboy steak divided between us, and we still can't finish it.  It is a very tasty, tender steak that Besh's steakhouse have mastered preparing.  It's the only steak we'll eat and since our first visit here, we have never been let down!I love the fuckin grits that came with my bacon wrapped wild boar.  
The grits were sitting at the bottom of the hot plate that the entree arrived in and so that's why the grits were cooked down by the time I got to them.  Creamy and not gritty.  Damn those grits were good, they are the main reason why I want to go back and try more entrees.
After the waittress took out orders, some buttered french bread(very crusty crispy buttery)along with some yummy chicken liver pate arrived.  I tried not to gorge out on it and asked the waittress to please take it away after stuffing my face with 2 pieces of bread that I smothered with the butter and pate.  Oh lawdee!
Our appetizers arrived: the trio which consisted of the cornmeal fried oysters, great with the sweetish greens that came with it.  The salty oysters complemented with the sweet and pickley greens were great together.  The lump crabmeat and salty black caviar was a good complement.  The shrimp was chiled with a mayo spicy cayenney sauce...all good.  
Afterwards, we nibbled away at our shared organic mixed greens which was excellent with the strong crumbled bleu cheese and pecan nuts.  The greens remind me of the butter lettuce that they use at La Crepe Nanou. Damn yummy but I'll remember to tell them easy on the damn dressing.
After some waiting, out came our entrees which were suspiciously cold not hot at all but Im coming back.  Since I understand the ins and outs of kitchens in restaurants and how waiters are suppose to fire orders when customers are dining in courses---sometimes they make the main entree and it sits under that damn heat lamp until the waiter comes for it.  
I dont like this at all--Im going to make sure that I tell the server this next time I do go there-just bring out my food as it's finished.  
The 30 day old steak was a huge cut and about 50 something bucks, it was a good portion that my dining partner couldnt finish.  It came with rings of homemade onion rings which were very oily but damn good.
I had the bacon wrapped wild boar with baby carrots, smothered greens with bacon bits, and string beans over the grits.  Damn good grits, but not enough grits so I asked for more grits on the side.  My dining partner didnt like but I did and that's what matters most.
I have to say that to me, the food was well season, salty to my palate but that's just me.  Maybe for someone else it's just right.
Overall, service was great and the managers and servers all made trips to every table to make sure everyone was doing fine.  My one complaint was that I got the feeling the waittress was hitting on my dining partner.
Parking at Harrah's is a bitch depending if there is a special event going on, it could be 30, but find parking in the surrounding area of the CBD and walk on through the casino to this delish spot.  However, if you are a regular gambler or have dined at the Besh Steak spot, you can get validated parking and pay nothing. 
There is a nice bar from which I had my smooth Malbec. Good Malbec I have to add.  The place is very nice and I loved it, I shall be back.
For you fish lovers, the menu has an array of wonderful Gulf fish to choose from---next time Im ordering amberjack.
YUMSSSS
______________________________________________
Update:
2/13/09
Good still damn good.  My partner had that 30 day old aged New York Strip and I had fish amandine.  Damn but my dish was good.
We had a server that I was not happy about.  The undertones of my communication with the server was not good.
For the first time ever, I complained to the general manager letting her know that I was a local and not some tourist who didnt know what the hell I was talking about.  
Amandine-I asked our server what it meant(I always get different versions from locals, so I wanted to see what Besh's server had to say)and his response was that it was cooked in pecans.  However, when my plate arrived with food, it was almonds.  Another strike, when I asked to another pistolette, he corrected me and said it was french bread.  WTF????  
After that, I devoured my food and paid the bill, tipping the server 37 on a bill that was 96.  I didnt want to stiff him but I wanted the management to know that the server needs to be careful what he says and how he says it. 
My partner was angry about it so we packed his food untouched TO GO.  The server couldnt even pack the damn food right, putting the box in the wrong way so that the food was tossed around.  Yes, the food is in a box, but it helps if you place the box in the bag in a way that doesnt shift the food as much.
Besh--the good was off the chain, but your server was fuckin idiot and ruined my valentine's dinner.  Dont worry I paid the bill and didnt walk out like some irate customers mightve done.My husband and I often frequent the Besh bar while in New Orleans. We dont always order food but mostly just like to relax and have a few drinks. The last several times we have visited we don't feel very welcome. The bartenders seem to ignore us and rush us out. It's sad because I like to think we're pretty friendly and tip well. However lately it makes me want to take our business elsewhereWent here with a friend after attending the Sippin in Seersucker event over at Canal Shops, so it was  kind of late and it wasn't too busy. Already having had a couple of drinks we decided to sit up at the bar and order more while we looked over the menu. We started with the wedge salad which was HUGE and really good. The bacon pieces are large and crispy and the rest of the salad was really fresh. Next we both ordered the filet. If you are willing to spend the money, get it. It was a great cut of meat and cooked to perfection. Definitely hit the spot! (At least from what I can remember.)
 I Went back here with my sister when she visited just to grab drinks real quick before a show. I decided to try the Mint Julep and it knocked me on my feet! I've had them before around town but this one was the best I had! It was mixed perfectly, not too much simple syrup, just the way I like it. It's in the middle of Harrahs so if you are in the casino I would recommend stopping in here. If you aren't, still take the trip in to at least have a cocktail at the bar and people watch. I don't know what the attire requirements are (if any) since I was already dressed for an event before hand but, I mean, its in the middle of a casino. If your playing slots and get hungry for a steak, you should be able to walk in there with your shorts on, just be classy about it I guess.Amazing quality, really talented chefs. The deviled egg lagniappe with truffle oil and caviar was amazing.  Yet it has a down home feel that is very unpretentious.  It makes me want to try all the Besh restaurants.The food was amazing & service was fantastic as well. We made reservations, but it didn't appear to be too busy for walk ins. Try the ribeye, you'll be glad you did!I really always wanted to have dinner here and finally had the time on this trip to NOLA.
I was blown away by the attentive and extremely friendly service.
The food was over the top delicious and the drinks so yummy.
We like it so much we are returning again this evening for an encore.
Go here enjoy a wonderful evening!Situated in the Harrah's Casino, Besh Steakhouse probably goes unnoticed by many with the excellent culinary scene in New Orleans.  Besides, who wants to eat inside of a casino, where food is low on the totem pole.  But there was a ray of hope here, as Besh has won a James Beard Award.
Unlike many steakhouses, Besh Steakhouse is housed in an open room that leads directly out into the casino.  It is well light, another steakhouse no no, but the openness and bright decor brings an aura of warmth and comfort.
The steaks are dry aged which help to break down connective tissue while also developing flavor.  Aged steaks are also more tender, and the dry aged variety have less blood and juice running out of it when you cut into it.
The ribeye is well marbled so the fat is able to bring out more flavor in this thick cut of beef.  There is no gristle to be found anywhere and just the right amount of fat in the steak to help give it a little mouth feel.  The ribeye has enough flavor and seasoning that no steak sauce is needed.  A good steak needs very little seasoning anyhow, you want that BEEF flavor not some salty/sugary concoction to mask the flavor of the steak.
The porterhouse is one of my favorite cuts.  It's like getting two steaks in one.  A strip steak is on one side, while a little filet sits on the other side of the bone.  The strip steak is a little tougher than the filet mignon side, but it also has a lot more flavor to it.  Cooked to a perfect medium rare, the flavor of the steak was able to shine through.
This is a very good restaurant, although somewhat off the beaten path.  If you're looking for a good steak, this place is worth a try.Have no concerns about eating in the Harrah's Casino. 
This place is an excellent steakhouse. 
I usually eat at the bar, and have the bartenders take care of me, which they always do. 
Try the French 75 cocktail, made with cognac instead of gin. An excellent combination and house specialty. 
The steaks and salads are excellent. 
Reservation required, or sit at the bar. 
A find!The evening started pretty well with the free pate but that was where it stopped. We ordered a Caesar salad for two and it was drenched with salad dressing. 
The duck and a duly sausage gumbo had no sausage or duck. 
I ordered the ribeye.  It was tasteless. They also forgot to bring me my lobster tail which I also ordered with my meal. 
The service was very slow and not attentive. 
Overall ruined our night out with this horrible meal and service.We started out with a Bibb salad and Crab soup, both of which were wonderful!  Then, we had Delicious shrimp and grits and 14 Oz Ribeye with steak fries.  The service was superb and she was very friendly and informative.  The restaurant is tucked away in Harrah's casino, and reservations are suggested.   Last time we had a steak served with bone marrow- not my fav, but my dining guest loved it!  A must stop on your trip to New Orleans.Besh might want to consider taking his name off this one. Service was great but that was about it. Got the Rib Eye, was smothered in some nasty thick sauce. Reminded me of something id get at tgi Fridays. Go to Luke's, so much better.Amazing menu and quality!! Had the 30 day aged steak and slow cooked beef tips. It was perfectly done! The wedge salads were a great paring!Quality food. Pork stuffed chicken wings smoked under glass. 10 oz filet w scalloped potatoes and asparagus. Simple but elegantly and competently prepared. Bar service was a wee bit slow but good. Decent wine list if you know what you're doing. Good experience. Would definitely go back.I did not enjoy my entree here at all.  I did not order a steak, perhaps that was my mistake.  I ordered the duck, and it did not agree with me.  If I go back (on the casino's dime), I will try the steak, and if it is good, I will amend my review.  But for now, I am very disappointed.Should be a - star option. We arrive at 8:50 pm told they close at 9:30 pm and they had people a head of us.
This is is a spot we will skip every time we come to New Orleans. We come at least 4 times a year.  
Just food for thought, Money can go anywhere but business will stays where it's appreciated.
Party of 6 , good pizza at Harrah's .The rib eye steak is just mouth watering.  I have never had steak that tender and with that much flavor.  The service was excellent as expected from John Besh's restaurant.  The service, price and food is all worth the money.  I can't wait to try his restaurant in San Antonio!For dinner in a casino it wasn't half bad. The entrees were good, but overpriced. The wine list was good and there were actually bottles that were reasonable as well. I enjoyed our dinner but would much rather eat at August, and will definitely be back there.Went there on Aug 14th with three other people for dinner ... had a great 4 star+ experience (food, presentation, atmosphere, etc.). I meant to write a review right away, but I got distracted.  Now, I came back to write my review (and to thank Besh for a great dinner experience).  I guess I must have really enjoyed the Besh dinner.
Anyway, we tried several appetizers which were all great (fresh, each unique taste, presentation ... and yummy).  Instead of going for a steak, I decided to go with a scallop dish since I was already full from their great appetizers; and it was very tasty.  For me scallop needs to be fresh, cooked to medium well (but not well done), and seasoning needs to be subtle to bring out the best in scallop - well it met my expectations.  
We went crazy and tried several deserts.  All were good as any other restaurants, but I thought their bread pudding was the best that I had in NOLA (not too bready or sweet ... it was individually baked in a small metal baking pot).  
I am going back in the coming weeks to try their "core" steak dish - I am guessing it will be a 5-star dish.I am convinced that John Besh no longer owns this restaurant! Napkins now look like you are going out for a picnic, food quality has goon down, oysters had no seasoning tasted like straight bread crumbs, pork chop came out with no spinach because they made the decision that night to drop it! The fine dining menus now are are large piece of plastic put down in ft of you and the once to die for filet is now a tuff hunk of meat! If he does still own it he has stopped looking over things. Still the awesome employees are in place which helps but come on- if you want a burger place change the name and lower the prices- then the plastic menu and picnic napkins would be OKI chose Besh Steak for my birthday dinner and I was not let down. To get started, we were brought an amuse bouche of deviled eggs with a caviar topping. They were almost too good to simply call deviled eggs. I was chasing every bit of the filling around the plate to make sure I got it all.
I've been to Besh before several times, so I knew to order the BBQ Shrimp app automatically. It's the only item on the menu with the description, "just get these," and it's appropriate. They were as overwhelmingly delicious and rich as I remembered. In addition to the shrimp, I ordered the pate app which was also rich, delicious and plentiful. 
While we were eating the apps, we also enjoyed a couple of cocktails, a Sazerak and a Mississippi Mule. Both cocktails were smooth and refreshing. The Sazerak was particularly good. After the cocktails, we ordered a couple glasses of wine which were both very good. 
For entrees, we ordered the 30-day dry aged Prime New York Strip and the double-cut grilled pork chop. Both meats were perfectly prepared and succulent. The steak came with blue cheese butter, onion rings and bone marrow. The onion rings were awesome and crispy, but the bone marrow was a bit of a let down. Considering how big the steak was though, I was not concerned or put off by the bone marrow. The pork chop was huge and came with a crab and corn orzo risotto which blew my mind it was so good. The jumbo lump crab and corn risotto had been recommended to me and I was not disappointed. 
For dessert, I ordered the bread pudding with Irish Whiskey ice cream, bourbon sauce and carmelized pecans. I'm not much for dessert or bread pudding, but I made an exception in this case. It was incredible and I only wished there had been more of the ice cream. Yum!
The service is consistently excellent at Besh and this was no exception. It is expensive, but for food and service this good, the prices make sense.This place was amazing!  For the appetizer we got the Besh BBQ Shrimp, it was wonderful.  This was one of the few places I saw that it did not have the shell and heads on, so I was happy about that!  For our entrees my husband got the Cast-iron Roast Ribeye Of Beef With peppercorn sauce & fries, I got the Berkshire Pork Chop with Crab and Corn Orzo Risotto.  Both were fantastic!  For dessert, we shared the Brendan's Bread Pudding.  Again, FANTASTIC!  Loved our meal! every bite of it!The food was excellent. In the past I have had waiters that do not write your order down which is a big disappointment. It usually comes out wrong. This time he wrote it down and the order was perfect. Food was unbelievable. The Barbeque Shrimp  were to die for and the rIbeye wasn't too shabby either. Hard to beat this meal. It was soooo good !!!Some of the best vegan food I've ever had. 
You wouldn't expect to walk into a steak house and have the best vegan food but that's exactly what happened. 
Three out of four of us were vegan so we asked at the front whether the chef could make something vegan - the chef was happy to! He came out and talked to us personally and made vegetable dishes that were made with vegetables from their garden and sauces and spices that were artistically thrown together with incredible flare. This chef (Josh) was truly amazing and most likely we'll be going back there even before our trip is over.Back on track! Formly know as Besh now The Steakhouse is back on track! I had not eaten their in a while, I thought food was overly priced for the portions of food plus my take out orders were cold by the time I received it. To hungry and aggravated yo complain. So obviously management has changed and food was good! We ordered hamburger, baked potatoes, grilled red fish with shrimp. Let me tell ya, it was hot when I received it! It was still very warm after waiting for my car and getting home to eat! 
Everything was  great even the next day!! 
The bartender (Mark) has been there for a while and has always been very polite, just awesome. Stay tuned, I will try some other entrees from the menu.We had an amazing dinner this evening.  Yana our server did an excellent job taking care of us and following up.  We tried a sampling of the Shrimp rings which were amazing and the chicken wings.   Our steaks were prepared perfectly and overall we had a great last meal in NOLA.  Robert the manager came but multiple times to ensure we were being well taken care of.   Be sure to stop in when you're in town.My family enjoyed a wonderful Christmas Eve dinner.  We decided to choose from the Reveillon menu which did not disappoint.  The shrimp Remoulade had large grilled shrimp with the best beets I have ever had.   My son and husband choose the not so traditional turtle soup.  It was so different almost tasted like chili.  I had the baked stuffed oysters which were delicious.   However the best item on the menu was the braised lamb shank.  It was amazing!   We were amazed on how large the portions were.   Finally the cheesecake and Creme brûlée topped off this great meal.  I have no complaints only complements.  This was a Hugh treat for our family and it was worth every pennyIt doesn't get better than this place! The food and the service were five stars and the wine selection was quite impressive. Because Besh is in Harrah's Casino, no persons under 21 are permitted, so leave the kids at home.  After an excellent dinner, we ready for the action in the high limit room at Harrah's. Dinner and casino entertainment all under one roof! If you need a VIP Casino Host, just ask me and I'll be happy to steer you in the right direction.Recently ate at The Steakhouse with some friends. I've been when it was Besh as well. 
Steaks: Our steaks were good, but let's be honest there are a number of great steak places in the city, so you don't get points in my book for knowing how to cook a medium filet. 
Service: This was our tables big issue, the service was terrible - had to ask for a wine list - had to ask for bread (TWICE actually) before we received any from a different server. Our server didn't bring out the food, didn't come ask us how the food was (so luckily yes they do know how to cook your steak), oh and that bottle of wine they upsold us on - well I guess only the first round is poured by the server and then you fend for yourself.  Manager (or equivalent) never stopped by - call me old fashioned, but I like a quick stop at the table to see how things are going; plenty of higher end places do this. 
Side: Baked potato was a joke. Dry dry and more dry. Needed to ask for extra butter it was so dry. The risotto was actually very good. With the epic failure of fine dining service, the risotto was the saving grace. 
Bottom line: They cook a good steak, a dry potato and some must try risotto. Send the staff back to Applebee's because they aren't fine dining caliber. I prefer alternate steakhouses over this one.If you want to wait for burger for 40 min visit this Steakhouse. 
This was supposed to be quick bite at the bar, I guess not.We only had appetizers and a salad but they were all exceptional. I would give a 5 but the service sucked, and since the food was so good I didn't want to give a 3. The oysters were spectacular, a little over priced for just 5 oysters but they were very good. The fries were the best fries I have ever had. Amazing taste perfect softness and crisp all in one. The the salad with chopped eggs and the best bacon ever. The salad was amazing. We didn't order any entrees just a couple things to eat on while watching the LSU game. We sat at the bar and the service was filled with really old bartenders who were so slow and seemed to only want to help the older people around the bar. The food semi made up for the poor service but I still think the bartenders should all be replaced with a younger crew who knows how to make drinks and be attentive. We sat down and waited a very long time for service, we were actually helped after the older couple who say a few minutes after us, we even had to wait an extremely long time for refills. It got to the point were I could almost reach the spout and I offered to fill my own water because of the poor service. So the stars are strictly for the three items, definitely not for the service.Order the Fries! The sides and appetizers at Besh are better than the mains and the mains are good. The fries in particular were awesome and the pickles that come with the burger are worth fighting over. Make sure you save room and energy for the bread pudding. It is also a dish worth sparring with spoons for. 
Atmosphere.  It's a casino. What do you expect? Its pleasant enough inside but the smoke and noise from the casino intrude on the space. George Rodrigue's massive blue dog canvas cover the walls.
The "Steak & Egg's" was interesting. The presentation of the quail egg topped tartar was appealing. The spinach salad accompaniment was less so. Overall, a pleasant teaser, but not wow.
The Bibb Lettuce Salad was good and the dressing was fantastic, but it was seriously overdressed. In essence, the bed of lettuce was little more than a delivery device for a buttermilk blue cheese blanket. 
The burger was very good. It was simple but very flavorful. Prepared perfectly, the juicy beef tasted like beef. The bun had great texture and flavor. Come hungry because this is a massive main. The fries and sweet pickles that accompanied were excellent! So good that I would return just for fries if I could. Wow!
The service was trying hard but very disorganized. Their pace was random and we experience both moments of double coverage then long periods of drought. Given the layout, you could be entertained (or unnerved) by the confusion that plays out over the whirlwind that surrounds the staging area for final plating. We saw chaos at peak!
The bar is good. They are not stocked with what I would consider a full selection but the French 75 was an excellent cocktail. They have no beer on tap. 
~mDinner here a couple of night ago.  In a casino so even though it was not busy, it was very, very loud.  Server was properly attentive but somewhat scattered.  We had the Filet I believe what they called the porterhouse.  Both steaks were very well prepared and great cuts of beef.  The fries were great and the veggies with the Filet on point.  up to Ruth's Chris across the street, but a very above average dinner.I went to Besh on a Saturday night with a large group for a family meal. The service was friendly, prompt and made it an enjoyable experience. My fiancé and I shared orders. We got: big bad oyster appetizer (oysters au gratin), the pork chop entree, the New York strip with blue cheese butter and marrow entree and chocolate mousse dessert. 
The appetizer was delicious, the bread crumbs on top were a nice touch! The pork chop was just ok, it was overcooked. However the greens and orzo it came with were super yummy. The steak was perfectly cooked (we got medium rare) and the blue cheese butter and marrow were rich and decadent. It was wonderful! The dessert was good but compared to the coconut cake that my cousin got, it was just okay. The presentation was fun though. Overall, this was an enjoyable meal!Fried oysters are great !!! Got my wife to finally try oysters for the first time and now she is hooked. Atmosphere is very romantic (if your into that sort of thing).   We got our ribeye's and these were some of the best steaks I've eaten in a long time. The fries are awesome and reminded me of when I lived in Belgium but they were called Palm Fritz. Bread pudding is the best.  All I can say is that I'm glad we walked the 8 blocks back to the hotel... We were stuffed like hogs after emptying a feed trough.This review is from July 2013. We went to New Orleans for 4th of July and of course to eat all the good food new Orleans is known for. This was probably the best place we ate at. 
For appetizer we had the Besh barbeques shrimp and 3 little Frenchies both were delicious. I had the pork chop with risotto and it was awesome. My daughter and son in law had the filet and it was perfect.
Service was good but we were 1 party of about 3 in the restaurant. It was nine on a Tuesday so I hope things have gotten better there because food is worth it.I'm giving this 2 stars because our server is great very attentive. Food was not impressive at all. The gumbo had shrimp shells in it, the salad was drenched with dressing, the steaks was overdone and dry, and everything was way to salty. Will not be returning againWe had a coupon to eat there via Harrah's.   All the menu items are about double the price you will find in any other restaurant.  The food was very good but, again, way over priced.  The pate that comes with the crackers before the meal is not to my liking but just ask for some butter and it will come.  
A couple next to us had the chef's tasting and from what we saw it came with very small portions but huge glasses of wine.  I would have liked to known more about that as it looked like a great option versus the menu selection.In the battle of man (and wife) versus food...food won. But, defeat never tasted so sweet. Enjoyed a date night with the wife in the Big Easy, and so we took in this place, ostensibly because we had a fifty buck food comp from the 'sino. And, all the "blue dog" pictures, which we adore, reminded us of the spoiled pooch we had left at home. The ribeye was good, but the filet was outstanding. Tender as a lover's embrace. Service attentive, appetizers v. good, especially the Natchitoches meat pies. A great Malbec rounded off  the meal.WOW, very disappointed!
I love all of Besh's places but this is not good.
Ordered cowboy steak and it was way over cooked and send it back.  They brought me a rare pieces of meat that was tough.....  NEVER eating here again!Food was great. Steaks were cooked to perfection. Service was fantastic. The sides were even better. Very accommodating on the menu i.e. We had a vegetarian person with us and they pretty much made a dish to his liking that was not even on the menu. Ambiance is nice for a casino restaurant. Overall a good experience.Grey Goose martini, straight up, with a twist and...some food...tartare of filet mignon with caviar, creme fraiche and seafood stuffed baked oysters.
Service was great, food was fantastic  and the martini was perfect. They've stepped it up!Great bar.  The best mojito in New Orleans.  The bartenders were very friendly and informative.  The sliders with duck confit was absolutely fantastic.  The salads are fantastic.This was the best meal I've ever eaten!!  Chef Paul Robert is freakin awesome!! The service was great!! You will never eat a better steak anywhere!!Just had dinner, great service, appetizers were really good, however main courses including steaks were awful. Manager was very empathetic and polite, comp'd the steak. Place has a great deal of potential if they get their main courses together.It was a mixed experience. We waited at the hostess stand for a while before being greeted.  There were no employees in sight except for the bartender who was very busy.  The server, however, was very good and attentive.  We ordered the meat pies for an appetizer, and they were great.  I was disappointed that the appetizer and salad/soup course came at the same time.  That shouldn't happen in a restaurant like this.  The salads were good but slathered in dressing.  My hubby said the crab and corn bisque soup was ok.  He only ate about half of it. My mom ordered the surf and turf and loved it.  She said it was the best steak she ever had.  I tasted it and would agree. I ordered the filet mignon; it was not good.  I was amazed at the difference in my mom's steak and mine.  My hubby ordered the prime rib which he very much enjoyed.  The fries were great. We ordered the bread pudding and chocolate cake for desert.  Both were ok but nothing outstanding.I have been wanting a night out in New Orleans for a while. The Steak House at Harrahs was recommended. Our waitress, Ann Marie was delightful. She answered questions about the menu. She suggested the crab cake. It was great! Alot of crab meat and a light sauce. Yummy. The duck breast over kimchi was excellent. The filet was fork tender cooked perfect. Do not miss out on the corn and crab risotto. Melt in your mouth. To finish off with bread pudding and whisky sauce with vanilla ice cream. Chef Lusk came by the table and asked how everything was. We let him know everything was great. Robert, the manager, was very pleasant and polite. He was very busy but stopped by twice to make sure we had everything we needed. I will go again.
UG & ACLThis was one of the worst dining experiences during my entire stay at Harrah's.  Outside of the ribeye being a good, but small steak, the rest of the meal was much less than stellar. The sides were horrible. The Brussels Sprouts were black burnt, but they called them fried. They neither tasted good nor were they pleasing to the eye when plated. The fried rice dish left a lot to be desired; it neither looked appetizing nor did it taste like a dish from this upscale, expensive restaurant. 
Last, but not least was the blatantly ignored service I received in getting an angus burger, without the mayonnaise based sauce and the bun it came with. I requested a variation on the mushroom lyonnaise prepared topping.; but what Did i get?  A naked angus burger with cheese on a carb loaded bun and a load of dark brown fries I had no idea accompanied the dish. What happened to the sautéed mushrooms I requested without the lyonnaise sauce?  The waiter said I guess the chef did not want to comply.  What?! At these prices, I can't get a decent angus burger? WOW!!!
If there was a way to give no stars, I would!!!!!
Save your money!!! Go to Galatoire's. Impeccable service and excellent food prepared to your liking.There's a lot of hype about Besh. It's a pretty high rated fine dining restaurant too but it's just all talk.
I enjoyed the complimentary pate they give you when you're seated. The accompanying buttered french bread/crouton wasn't so good. It just had too much butter really. The seafood 3 ways was a waste of money and not appetizing at all. I still devoured the whole dish though. Come on, it's 17$ for barely there food.
I choose to split the cowboy steak (79$). I ordered the steak medium, it came out well done. That for me is a negative 3 stars. Aren't you a steak house? It shouldn't be hard to cook my steak the way I like it then! I didn't complain or send the steak back because it's too much of a hassle.
So, appetizer and entree was a fail. & I had no more room for disappointment. I skipped Besh's desserts and headed to Pink Berry.
------
11/26/13 update
I've gone back to Besh Steakhouse probably twice since I first reviewed and my opinion has really changed.
2 star restaurant to 3.
I can't say their steak style became my favorite. I prefer their pork chops over the steak. Omg! Pork chops are so damn good here. 
And their risotto is something of it's own!
I've had a lot of other dishes that didn't disappoint but the pork chop and risotto are the main things that stood out.There is not much good I can say about this place. The seafood stuffed oysters appetizer was incredible but the rest was barely acceptable. The steak could be likened to a discount grocery store variety, tough even at medium rare. The fish was a dry and unappetizing. The worst however, was the ambiance. Perhaps this was to be expected when a casino comps meals to people who have rarely if ever eaten in an upscale restaurant. We finally left without finishing after being subjected to a barrage of "f" word rants in a nearby booth. Management apologized, accepted $200, and bid us goodbye. Probably the worst dining experience of my life.I only stayed for a short amount of time but I thoroughly enjoyed the appetizers that I tried.  I had the Big Bad Baked Oysters and the Crispy Fried Louisiana Oysters.  And to top it off, it all came out within 10 minutes.  Oysters were a decent size and prepared well.  I can only imagine how the food may have been.Tourist trap garbage in a casino, don't waste your time if you care about food. Horrible service, 3/4 of steaks we ordered were overcooked @ $68 a pop.
I hear Mr. Besh has better places, but this was a horrible first impression.Amazing steak house! I am a good old home grown farm girl. And this is an amazing steak. Check out the pict of my dinner colleague and her steak! The service was incredibly friendly and beyond compare. Thank you Tiffany and Anthony P for you outstanding service. Thank you all for a wonderful time! @beshsteakAfter reading some of the past reviews we were very skeptical of eating here but we had some resort credit and decided to give it a try. We shared the the porter house steak which was carved up by the chef and brought out on a chopping block prepared just the way we had ordered it and was more than enough to share. The service provided by Langston was very good despite me sending back a glass of wine I didn't care for which was replaced in a timely manner. The sides and salads we ordered were also well prepared and complimented the meal perfectly.  We finished up with a nice pudding dessert with peanut butter ice cream which was also excellent.I had dinner @ Besh Steak w/ a couple of friends Friday. We didn't have reservations, but were able to grab some seats at the bar.
Ribeye: 4/5 - It was served w/ peppercorn sauce & fries. The medium rare ribeye was tender & well flavored. The fries were good as well.
Service: 4/5
Ambience: 3.5/5Our server was not on point. It took him 7 minutes to come over from the time we were seated. I asked for a wine and cocktail list, to which he only brought a cocktail list. I then waited another 8 minutes for the wine list. 
The food was mediocre at best. I ordered a fillet that was served with bland asparagus and the filet was only cooked on one side. Like many of the other reviews I really wonder how much involvement John Besh has in this. 
The only reason we went here was because it was Thanksgiving and every other restaurant I called was booked. If I had to do it over I would not come back here again, especially on Thanksgiving.The ambiance in this place deserves a 5 out of 5.... but that's about it. The menu has some nice items on it, but never seems to change and is extremely limited. The prices are quite high for what you get. The service has been pretty good so far. 
I love the Blue Dog Decor and painting all over the restaurant, the nice curved booths, etc. The whole set-up is pretty fancy looking. I think John Besh is an outstanding chef of which I have visited  many of his restaurants in the city.... this is my least favorite.  I just can't seem to get past the sky high prices for nothing special. And because of that, I will not be going back unless Harrah's comp's us a dinner again.Had the Kansas bone in strip w/onion rings.  It was the best steak I have ever had.  Juicy, done to order and heavenly tender.  However.....Expect to wait.. and wait a long time ...but the steak was wonderful.  The wait staff was very friendly and helpful and the decor is ok. Its a steak house in a sort of casino so...don't expect a 5 star decor.  Other than the long wait for the entree's... the only downfall of this restaurant is the hostess. She was snotty and I think if she smiled...it would have cracked her lovely little face.   I would probably go here again....for the steak.Worked out to ~$55/head with app, one soup, one soup sampler and two entrees.  
Everything was at least made as well you'd expect for the price.  This was a couple months ago so I only recall three things as having stood out:
1) Excellent grits.  The boar entree has grits at the bottom of the skillet and they're very good.
2) The vegetables were all cooked perfectly.  *Perfectly.*
3) The pepper in the shaker was too course to fit through the hole.
Aside from the pepper oversight, everything seemed appropriate to the price range and was quite satisfying.Where's the negative star button?  They must have one devoted to places like this.
Went there with my wife, Mrs. Columbo, and had no experience whatsoever.  It was about 8pm on a weeknight.  The place had a couple seated and a few drunks at the bar (waitstaff, I think).  So, we stand at the host station twiddling our thumbs for five minutes.  Finally, somebody who works there and isn't drunk at the bar.  She asks if we have a reservation, had to bite my tongue to hold back the laughter.  I look all around me and at Mrs. Columbo then do my best DeNiro:  "You talking to me?".  I didn't have a damn reservation, the nerve of me.  I guess nobody walked into a casino and had a spontaneous desire to eat at one of their restaurants.  Should have grabbed my phone out of my pocket and called one in for 30 seconds from then.  That wouldn't have worked, nobody at the bar would have answered the phone.
I would have spent $150 there, easily.  The food might have been fantastic, Mrs. Columbo and I will never know.  Not going back, reservation or not.  To be fair the hostess said we could wait for a table, 20 minutes or so.  Wonder how long it takes to get the waitstaff to the table?  
We ended up going to the overpriced buffet.
John Besh, if you're reading this I've seen you on all the tv shows, always wanted to try one of your restaurants.  Practice what you preach the next time you're a guest judge.I took my wife here for her birthday and we had an amazing dining experience and will be coming back. Our server, Gara, was very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu and of New Orleans in general. We ordered the Big Bad Oysters for an appetizer and split the peach salad. The presentation of the food was visually appealing and the taste was amazing.
For our main course, I ordered the pork chop with corn and crab risotto and my wife had the the 10oz filet with garlic mashed potatoes. Our food was prepared perfectly and I can honestly say that it was the best pork chop I have every had. My wife's steak was perfectly cooked and had amazing flavor. For dessert were took our server's recommendation and had the 12 layer Coconut Cake. The cake was outstanding and they even wrote a birthday message for my wife.
This was an amazing diner and we will be coming back. The only thing that would have made the night better would have been if John Besh would have been there and stopped by the table.Enjoyed the "chef table" menu on June 2nd. It was terrific. Nice combination of seafood and steak items including a delicious crispy (crab) rice cake with hoisin glaze and a lobster & NY strip kabob. Dessert mousse was presented with a wooden mallet in order to crack the rich chocolate shell - very creative. Attentive waiter (Anthony) and restaurant manager (Robert) provided excellent service throughout the meal. Chef personally visited the table and told us the menu changes quarterly depending on seasonal items....we will definitely do this again. It was worth the splurge.While visiting New Orleans I dined at Besh inside the Harrah's casino. I made reservations and my party was seated one time. The waitress was my biggest issue with eating at this establishment. She was rude and abrasive. She was annoyed when 2/3 of us didn't order alcoholic beverages, she was annoyed that one person ordered a basic Caesar Salad. While trying to determine which cuts steak to order she was knowledgeable enough to let us know what cuts couldn't be cooked "well done" because of their age and that they would certainly dry out. The chef sent out special appetizers which consisted of deviled eggs an appetizer no one in my party was willing to try. One of steaks came with Blue Cheese butter which was forgotten twice and never delivered.  When boxing up the left overs the waitress continued to make remarks about "boxing up the bone" which was not the case, and even if it were for a $70 streak boxing up what a customer orders should never be an issue and customers shouldn't be subjected to snide rude remarks.
Overall, if your
not a fane of the Gulf Seafood offering in New Orleans then eating at Besh is an option but, it's definitely over priced with the high possibility of encountering a poorly mannered waitreSteak was just okay. Waitress was bitchy and rude. I won't be back. Nothing special. If you want steak and service go to Mr. John's, if you want what this place has, save your money and go to outback.Should be a - star option. We arrive at 8:50 pm told they close at 9:30 pm and they had people a head of us.
This is is a spot we will skip every time we come to New Orleans. We come at least 4 times a year.  
Just food for thought, Money can go anywhere but business will stays where it's appreciated.
Party of 6 , good pizza at Harrah's .I always love the steak here ! It's of great quality and prepare very well. Tried the onion rings very good! The garlic mashed potatoes yum yum!We have enjoyed the other two Besh restaurants we tried, but this was just meh. The scalloped potato that came with the steak had a raw flour taste and the filet was fine, but had no seasoning or anything to make it special. For the price I wouldn't return.I think John Besh is spread a little too thin...
He's got something like 5-6+ restaurants in New Orleans, and I think he needs to pay more attention to his steakhouse at Harrah's Casino.
1) Appetizer - Stuffed Shells, filled with lump crab meat - creative, tasty... I'll give a star for this one... 
2) Entrees - Surf and Turf, Beef Tenderloin, Blackened Tuna - all boring and overpriced. (see photos)
3) Dessert - Bread Pudding and Chocolate Soufflé - very good. I'll give another star for them. (see photos)
Overall, this place was very underwhelming. I was ready to pay the exorbitant prices, but it just wasn't worth it. Maybe I should have just gambled my money away at the craps table.This place is awful!! I'd give it zero stars if I could. The Besh menu and food was much better. Same staff, horrible outcome. I don't eat meat but can eat seafood and have tried 3 times unsuccessfully to eat here. The fish and shrimp taste like caught in dirty water and never cooked properly. My shrimp tonight were drowning in a BBQ sauce that was too thick and didn't even get absorbed by the shrimp because they were so tough. Yuck! It took 15 minutes for waiter to even notice I wasn't eating. I've tried over and over to love this place again, but won't come back.My husband and I truly enjoyed our dinner at Besh Steakhouse. We started with cocktails while we ate our pate and then bread. I opted for a lemondrop martini, hubby ordered a Manhattan. Both were tasty. I got the gazpacho and loved the fresh, light taste. The Bibb salad had a good balance of crisp lettuce and and tasty bleu cheese. For our entrees we got Surf and Turf and a Ribeye with fries. The steak was cooked as we desired and the taste was great. We both also enjoyed the fries. Our order was hot, crispy and addictive. Desserts look so good that next time we may just pop into the bar for drinks and dessert.I ordered the pompano.  The seasoning on this pan fried fish was just not there.  It had no taste at all.  It was served with cauliflower, fresh peas and sauteed onions.   Where's the blackened, cajun or creole seasoning?  Why peas?  Fast forward to dessert...the bread pudding was excellent.They were offering a prix fixe three course menu that was chilled asparagus soup, blade steak in plum sauce and a chocolate torte type dessert. The asparagus soup was lovely. My steak was chewy and under seasoned and the plum sauce did not contrast well with the beef - it was too sweet. The chocolate torte was a very rich dense cake with a scoop of perfect vanilla ice cream. It was too rich to eat the entire portion but it was the most delicious part of my meal. I was looking for a phenomenal steak and this meal failed to deliver. On the upside the service was attentive without being stifling and the atmosphere was good for being located inside a casino. I'd give it 2.5 stars if I couldFor the price I'VE been at much better. wanted steak med well came out no pink?? filet 
 $50---way....way -overpriced.....service too slow....felt rushed to put order in.
wont be back.Fantastic food. I have a favorite meal here: a la carte lobster risotto, pomme frittes, and the sliders. I have had their steaks and just good in my opinion compared to other steak restaurants.  I always go back for my burger, fries, and the risotto- which is a staple for every visit. I order it by itself, served in a corn husk; it's perfection. 
Sitting at the bar is always fun. It's still full service and interesting characters come and go... It is, after all in a casino... But the dining room is nice too. Can still get loud.
See my tip on reservations...I went here two nights ago for my bachelorette party dinner.  It's nicely setup and the atmosphere is classy.  We started off with drinks and appetizers - I ordered a Manhattan (a little too much syrup so I couldn't drink the last half because it had gotten too sweet) and the BBQ shrimp as a starter.  The shrimp was very good and the sauce is tasty.  For entree I ordered the beef tenderloin.  It took a while (I would say at least 35 mins) for the food to arrive, which was a little annoying because we were very hungry.  When our food arrived, 4 of us noticed that our steaks were way overdone.  3 of us ordered medium rare and it came back medium. The other ordered medium and it was almost well done (barely pink).  3 out of the 4 of us ended up sending our meals back because they just were too dry and not appetizing.. we couldn't taste the meat.  The dishes came back in a very fast time (5-10 minutes) and were much better but somewhat bland.  It was almost like they skipped any seasoning.  The butter was their saving grace.  I don't think I'd go back, as there are plenty of other steakhouses in New Orleans that are probably more worth the trip.We had a $300 food credit so we decided to eat here. Pretty much the only decent place to eat in the hotel. Nonetheless we made fat b*st*rds of ourselves. It has been a few weeks since then so I don't remember what we ordered for apps and salads. Which means they were not that good to begin with. I had the Rib-Eye with Pommes Frites the steak was nice and flavorful Pommes Frites on the other hand was limp and cold could have did without them. I was expecting to be blown away with Besh but it was just OK.I have been here many times.  Only because Harrahs gives me comps, otherwise I would have avoided this place.
It is horribly overpriced.  Like, $20 for a tiny appetizer overpriced.  But the food at least used to be good.  Nowadays...sometimes it's good, most of the time it is mediocre at best...and one time, it was the worst ever.
My 1 star is based on that experience, which was horrific.  My husband ordered the Rib Eye...I believe it was $45.  The steak he was served was thin, gritty, and full of fat.  He said it was the worst steak he has ever had.  I am not exaggerating, we have had much better steaks at "$8 Steak Thursdays" at dive bars.  PATHETIC AND DISGRACEFUL!
Oh, but wait.  That wasn't even the worst part.  He got terrible food poisoning.  He was constantly throwing up all night and really didn't even start to feel better until the NEXT evening.  I have never seen/experienced a case of food poisoning that bad.
After that, I have never gone back.  I even get $50 and $100 gift certificates FOR FREE from Harrahs all the time and refuse to go there.  That is how bad they are.  They can't even GIVE their nasty, dangerous food away.
Seriously, folks!  There are SO many amazing places to eat in NOLA...don't waste your money and jeopardize your health by eating here.After visiting Lukes and having a terrible experience, when my friends told me and my husband that they made reservations for this restaurant, I was unsure, to say the least.  The same owner, could they be as bad?  I was pleasantly surprised with the food, service, and price.  
We started with fried bread and pate, very good.  My husband and I split the steak with peppercorn sauce and had a salad each.  Our steak was wonderful, tender, flavorful.  Worth every penney.  Our friends had surf and turf and the filet was so tender it melted in your mouth.
I didn't give it five stars because of the side of fries that come with the steak meals.  They were limp and I couldn't eat them.  I didn't complain because I had more than enough food and didn't want them to bring me more or a substitute.  We actually got similar fries at Lukes and they weren't any good there either.
Overall, worth the price, I would definitely go again.In comparison, not my favorite John Besh place in NOLA. I'll save that for August or Borgne. Maybe because its in a casino it just comes with a stigma. 
However! We ordered one seafood dish, the Catfish smothered in creamy crab and one steak dish, the filet of beef tenderloin. It came on a bed of scalloped potatoes (sooo good) and asparagus. We also ordered a side of rosemary red potatoes. All very delicious!
The complimentary Pate was also nice. I love free treats. 
This place also had a very extensive wine list if you are into that kind of thing!The setting took some getting used to (it's  located inside Harrahs Casino). The best service I've experienced in Nola and my steak was cooked perfectly. The salad was a little overdressed for my taste and the Malbec didn't wow. The portions are a little insane. I was full by the time my steak arrived.My husband and I both had the 14 oz prime rib eye. It was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious. We both substituted the French fries for scalloped potatoes. Potatoes were thinly sliced, nicely layered in cheese, and neatly cut into large squares like lasagna. Unfortunately, it was served at room temperature/almost cold when we took a bite into them. I prefer cheesy potatoes to be nice and warm (-1 star). We were too hungry to send them back to the kitchen to be reheated. Service was excellent throughout the meal and the complimentary appetizer of truffle flavored deviled eggs was a nice starter. Highly recommend trying the yummy bread pudding.I was in New Orleans for a bachelor party. Ordered the 75$ New York Strip. Massive piece of meat.  Asked for medium rare and got a medium well. I asked to send it back and the waiter told me that the steak was medium rare for this restaurant.  WTH. Medium rare is medium rare at any steakhouse. The manager reluctantly took it back and brought out a rare steak ice cold in the center.  Great.... I told them to take it off the check.  Two stars instead of one because they comped the entire group a couple bottles of XO Hennessey.When I first ate at this restaurant several years ago, I was in heaven.  The BBQ shrimp appetizer was a reason to visit New Orleans all by itself.  And it only got better after that.
No longer.  On our recent visit, I order the crab "shells" which were flavorless and luke warm.  My dining companion ordered the BBQ shrimp which was a poor shadow of what it was in the past.  The sauce had lost all it's complexity and was tasted "one note" of worcestershire.  Whereas we used to use bread to soak up every last drop of the sauce, we stopped eating after the first three shrimp.  The steaks were the greatest disappointment.  All three of us ordered the $75 aged sirloin (one of the highest priced items on the menu).  The steaks, while cooked perfectly, were flavorless and under-seasoned.  They were also served luke warm, which may have been because I sent back the crab appetizer to be reheated, and we waited 30 minutes for it to return.  I can only imagine our steaks waited on the heating station while it was being sorted out.
Bottom line, a $375 bill for 3 people was the final insult from our experience.  I live in New York and I'm used to paying those prices for a good dinner.  I'm not used to paying those prices for a poor one however.  We will not go back in the future. It's always sad to see such a wonderful place fall apart.  Who would have thought that it would happen to John Besh?  Not me.Amazing Food, great service, The roasted duck and andouille gumbo was great, Steaks cooked to perfection and I highly recommend the Louisiana seafood THREE-WAY appetizer.I ordered steak and lobster and my companion ordered lamb chops the evening of Easter Sunday.  Maybe it was because it was a holiday or maybe they ran out of salt but everything I tasted had ZERO flavor.  The lobster tail was rubbery and the smallest tail I have ever seen. Even the butter wasn't buttery.  My advice- Don't waste your money; there are far too many better fine dining options in this city.So, my wife and I went here because I won a gift certificate here during a silent auction.  We weren't expecting much, but somehow this place managed to fall below even our low expectations.  The decor was ridiculously bad, but generally I don't care about that when rating restaurants.  If you care about that sort of thing, you will be disappointed.  It looks like a midwestern buffet from the 90's.  
The food was OK, I had the New York Strip Steak with bleu cheese butter and onion rings.  The kitchen sucks at cooking steak and don't have the slightest clue as to what "rare" means.  In addition, it just wasn't seasoned well.  They are just dousing it in butter and hoping you don't notice how subpar it is.  If you want to pay me $68, I'll make you a much better NY strip than that pile of mediocrity.  The onion rings were good, but nothing special.  My wife had the revillion menu (lamb shank, citrus salad, turtle soup, cheese cake).  The lamb shank itself was cooked well, but brussel sprouts covered in some oddly gelatinous substance were way off point.  Turtle soup was bland, especially for a dish that is normally so flavorful.  The Citrus salad was good, but salads are hard to mess up.  Drinks: 1. a sazerac made by someone who has no idea how to make a sazerac, not properly chilled and not the right ratio of Rye. and 2. a bottle of spanish Syrah that was pretty good, though overpriced, but I don't hold that against the restaurant, it was a good selection considering their price ranges. 
In the end, the amount we paid for this meal and a bottle of wine is what makes me give it this rating.  It was FAR too expensive for the quality of food we got.  My feeling is that no locals would go here other than in our situation (had a gift certificate, needed to use it), so take it from a local, if you want to spend this amount on a meal ($250 or so), please for the love of god, god to Gautreau's, Dick and Jenny's, Patois, Clancy's, Annunciation, hell even Galatoire's, Arnaud's, or the new Brennan's that is actually much better than the previous iteration.  Or, hell AUGUST which is two blocks away.  This is a waste of your money, get the buffet and you'll have the same quality of food.
EDIT-- Did want to mention that the service was good.  Servers were doing their job well.We went to Restaurant August on Wednesday and couldn't have had a more delicious and unique meal so I was excited to try the steakhouse the following night for my birthday.  What a disappointment.  Everything was so over salted it ruined the entire meal which of course most was left on the plate.  The only saving grace was our waiter who was very nice and attentive .. Even more so than at August.   I will not go back.  Pam D.Ok, this is a restaurant in a casino so I didn't expect a lot although when there is the name of a famous chef attached you hope for the best.  Since it seemed as though all we did in New Orleans was eat, I wasn't too hungry which makes it difficult to know if the food isn't all that good or you just didn't care.
Our server was very nice and helpful and when I asked for a Chardonnay he brought me a very nice glass, not too oakey.  While we were looking at the menu he brought out a plate of buttery toasted crostini along with liver pate compliments of the chef.  Nice touch and it was really tasty.
I opted to have just a salad with butter lettuce, toasted nuts and dressing, way too big a portion and the dressing was over powering.  Instead of an entree I had Big Bad BBQed Oysters supposedly topped with crab.  Absolutely no flavor at all.  Not a success.  My husband had a steak which is said was ok but a bit over cooked.
If you're in the casino and want dinner, it's not bad and not expensive but I wouldn't go out of my way for the restaurant.My sisters and I had the pleasure of dining here last week. We were seated immediately and our server was excellent. She was very attentive, and we wanted for nothing. We ordered the Rib-Eye's and they were very good, hot and seasoned perfectly. I substituted and got the scalloped potatoes, which I did not care for. The waitress did tell me that they were made with swiss, which I thought was interesting and wanted to try them, but was not impressed, and they were not very hot, luke warm. My sister got the Blade steak dish, and she loved it. It was exactly how the waitress described and very flavorful and was delicious. I would recommend, but stay away from the scalloped potatoes, get the fries you will not be disappointed.This review is about a year late, however, this place is hands down, the cream of the crop on customer service!!  We had a Besh giftcard that was supposed to be good at any Besh restaurant, EXCEPT Besh Steak.  We did not know this unfortunate situation until AFTER we ate.  The server returned to the table to give us the bad news but followed up by saying Mr Besh, himself, wants to comp our meal for the inconvenience.  We tried to decline the free meal (we ordered a $185 bottle of wine) but they would not hear of it.  I also tried to just give them the gift card, wouldn't take it!  The server got an amazing tip!  The food was great, which was part of the reason I felt bad having it comped.  Those little deviled egg things are pretty dang good!I was in town with 15 friends recently.  We went to this restaurant after reading it was on the top 10 list but did not experience anything like that.  The hostess Marcela was so rude, I wanted to leave.  My party of 6 wanted to stay.  One of the guest in my party said something to the manager and he blew it off that it must be because she had a test today.....really???  So be rude to the guests??  The food was just okay, not wonderful.  I would not recommend it to anyone.  I like my steak very rare but this steakhouse could not get it right.  I am not sure how it can be voted best of anything.As a diamond level Harrahs player with a reservation, I expected good treatment here. First, hostess tried to put me at bar. Considering there were a handful of customers here and I had a reservation, I asked for a table. Server, Allan, was perfunctory. He brought the bread; refilled water,  and took plates. He didn't bring food that was other people. He didn't tell me specials or market price of lobster as I heard another server doing for a table of four next to me! I also saw a manager checking on folks but I was ignored. Skip this one.In the interest of full disclosure, I was taken here as part of a comped dinner.
Yeah, I went for the 30 day aged 18 oz. NY Strip. It was possibly the richest, most delicious steak I've ever had (and for the $75, it better be). It's also 18 oz. and you could easily split it between two people and be perfectly satisfied too. High quality meat at a bargain price! :)
If you don't want to spend 75$, then try the Ribeye ($45ish) - I had it last year, and it is fantastic.
We went all out, no doubt, and everything was packed with flavor. Highlights:
- Crab stuffed pasta shells with truffle sauce - so much flavor
- Whatever the salad was that had crispy beef in it
- The steak (duh)
- Vanilla creme brulee was divine.
The service is phenomenal, here, as well.
If you want a really nice steak dinner, then you will not be disappointed. Your expectations should be exceeded, and you will get your money's worth, for sure.
When they played Party Rock during dinner, I was a bit caught off guard. Ha. No matter *stuffs self silly*.We had to eat here after having an amazing lunch at John Besh's Dominica inside of The Roosevelt Hotel.  I had Pan Broiled Catfish with sautéed Crabmeat.  It was delicious, but I wish they would have served a larger piece of fish for the price. My wife had the Filet which was cooked perfect!  The server was very friendly but it took way too long to pay for the meal.  Her section was way too large which caused her to neglect us towards the end of our meal.  I expect better service when I pay $140 for dinner for 2.Loved this place... great service at the bar and good wines.  Must try the meatballs and the crab/cheese pies.  I will go back and try more.We came here because my parents were staying at Harrah's and they had a $100 credit to the restaurant. They advertise a $39 three course meal on the weekdays, so we figured we would all get that, and with the $100 credit, we could get out pretty cheap.
Not the case. There is no $39 special, it is a $44 special. Not the end of the world, but they shouldn't advertise that it's $39. Anyways, the choices on that menu looked nasty, so none of us ordered that.
Two of us ordered the Ribeye (myself included) and over half of it was fat. What a joke. My sister in law ordered the Shrimp dinner and she sent it back because it tasted like bleach.
Oh yeah, John Besh actually came in to have dinner while we were there. My brother asked the waitress about him, kind of hinting that he would like to meet him. The waitress raved about how friendly he is and how he wouldn't mind coming over to introduce himself when he was done eating. She said she would ask him to come over. He never did. He finished before us, and then he went back into the kitchen and never came back out. 
If given the chance, I probably would not come back here.We thought we would try this place. We shared a 38oz Cowboy Steak. Steak was good but not great. Steak did not come out sizzling like most other steak places. The steak definitely needed more seasoning. The steak was just so-so. This place is just ok, but in my opinion for the price and the wow factor, you are better to go to Ruth's Chris.Just have to thank our friend Robert and the amazing bartenders for an epic New Orleans experience! We had the BEST dinner of our trip here last night! Food was outstanding!!!! Can't wait to come back! The BBQ shrimp was just stupid good! I wanted to lick the plate to get every bite of that sauce possible! I had the lobster pasta dish and my boyfriend's steak was amazing!!! Cooked to perfection! Our friend that joined us also agreed was best meal of the trip!!! Cannot say enough how AMAZING this place was and we have great steak restaurants in chicago!!! Very, very impressed and can't wait to get back to this gem!!!!Went to New Orleans in Jan on business. Made a reservation at Besh....host is very friendly and waitress was amazing! The food was delicious, tasty and was worth the splurge. If you want some awesome steaks come and eat here.Worst food ever! My husband and I went to New Orleans to experience the celebrity chef John Besh's steakhouse. We had greasy hors d'oeuvres and a raw, sinewy steak. Service was an absolute zero! The server checked on us after our steaks were cold. She asked if we wanted them warmed up. Really!Decided to splurge on my business trip and go for a good steak dinner.  Casino host recommended this place.  So, as I was alone, I sat at the bar so I could also watch the college basketball games on the tv.
The server, Mark (I think....never told me his name...just got a glance at his name tag as he repeatedly passed me without stopping ), took a LONG time to acknowledge me.  He was too busy talking to a couple at the end of the bar, obvious regulars.  
When he finally stopped by, he asked if I was eating, then eventually gave me a menu.  I was ready to order within a minute or two, but it took almost 10 mins for him to come ask me, despite me trying to make eye contact and get his attention.  When he did take my order, he "questioned" my order and asked why I would want my steak cooked the way I asked..."because that's how I like it!"  I ordered a ribeye, fries, and salad with dressing on the side.
The bacon on the salad was the ONLY part of this entire meal that I enjoyed....seriously.   the dressing was all over the salad l, and I did not like it.  I ate it because I was starving at this point and didn't want to wait forever for him to ask how it was.  
I was almost done with the salad before I could get his attention to ask for a soft drink.... almost had to reach out and tap him to get his attention for a drink!
When the steak finally came, it was the toughest, fattiest chunk of beef I have ever seen.  Out of 14oz, I was probably only able to salvage about 5 to 6 oz of it.
When I started eating the fries, server asked if I wanted ketchup, to which I said yes, please.  I have finished the meal and, while I am writing this, I am still waiting to see if he will EVER remember to bring that ketchup.  And, I could have used it on those fries. ..they were horrible...dry, burnt, and WAY OVER SEASONED with cheap seasoning salt.
It is now 830 pm and I am STILL hungry.  Wish I had chosen the buffet instead...UGH
Save your time, unless you enjoy paying 40 for the worst steak ever.  And, try to make friends with the server. . Only way you will EVER get service here.
In fact, couple next to me, finally asked him to go to the kitchen and have their order bagged to go...tired of waiting.
I have read a few reviews that say the desserts here are good.  I wouldn't know. Server has never offered me a dessert menu.
In fact, I have been sitting here for 15 minutes with a plate that has a half mangled steak on it...no inquiry from him as to why I didn't eat it... no offer for dessert or to bring my check.   Gonna half to actually grab his attention so I can get out of here and go find something to eat.  SMH
Don't think I have EVER not tipped.  This may be the first.The problem with naming a restaurant after yourself is simple:  bad experiences ruins the restaurant AND your name.
Our party of five visited and ordered: Trio of soups appetizer, 14oz Cast-Iron Roast Ribeye of Beef, 30 day-aged 18oz Prime New York Strip, 10oz Filet of Beef Tenderloin with Maine lobster tail, Gulf Fish Amandine, Bibb Lettuce w/ blue cheese and walnuts, a bottle of Acacia Pinot Noir.
And my issue(s)?  My "medium rare" came out well done.  No problem, I politely informed the server and my "medium rare" steak came out rare.  I might expect this at the Outback, but for $58 a steak, the chefs should be able to cook it to perfection the first time (or at least the second time).  
More over, the server and manager did little to remedy.  My mother-in-law politely stopped eating her average fish (Gulf Fish Amandine) in a gesture to wait for my steak.  
And, after the second try resulted in a moo-ing cow, the manager and chef seemed more irritated than apologetic.  Oddly enough, the manager was the one to quickly mention "they were behind in orders and trying to cook too quickly."  While I was offered a steak to go, I declined.  
At a fine dining establishment ($$$), servers and managers should understand service recovery.  This clearly didn't happen, I left a steakhouse hungry, and the rest of my party disappointed in the overall experience.  
What might have been tolerable at Outback, isn't at Besh!  Oddly enough, our hotel had a Ruth Chris' in it.Should be a - star option. We arrive at 8:50 pm told they close at 9:30 pm and they had people a head of us.
This is is a spot we will skip every time we come to New Orleans. We come at least 4 times a year.  
Just food for thought, Money can go anywhere but business will stays where it's appreciated.
Party of 6 , good pizza at Harrah's .Great time with my wonderful wife. The food was excellent and our waitress was awesome!Good food but slow service. My lamb sliders were barely warm but there crab cake was delicious.My wife and I went to Besh Steak for our annual Christmas Reveillon dinner and were extremely disappointed. To begin with, the restaurant was at maybe 65% full yet the wait staff was in too much of a hurry to do more than drop the plates at the table and take our order. For a high end Christmas dinner I expect to be at least greeted and made to feel welcome; especially during the Christmas Season, 
The food is another story. The fried water cress, apple, and fried oyster salad was very good. The oysters were perfect and the dressing was light and complimented them well. From there the rest of the meal went down hill. The turtle soup was mediocre at best. We've had much better at the Palace Cafe and Court of Two Sisters. The main course didn't get any better. I had the Steakhouse Cassoulet;
butter beans, short ribs, rabbit confit, crisp pork belly, and mushroom sausage. All served on a black iron skillet. everything on the plate was dry as through it had been under a heat lamp for too long. The rabbit reminded me of a piece of chicken left on the grille too long with a tough outer crust and stringy meat. My wife had the Louisiana Pompano. She did enjoy the citrous flavors and the fish was cooked perfectly. Finally for desert She had the chocolate beignets with satsuma marmalade and I had the bread pudding with whiskey ice cream. Both deserts were ok but not a great. We were expecting more from a John Besh restaurant. 
At the end of the meal when the bill arrived our waiter finally found the time to talk with us and wish us a Merry Christmas. 
The Reveillon dinner is a New Orleans tradition that boasts of special menus with great service at restaurants throughout the city. There is a prefix menu that is posted on the New Orleans Tourism website. The price was stated at $40 a person on the tourism website. However, on the menu it was $55 per person. There needs to be better coordination between the restaurant and the Board of Tourism in getting things right. This was the first time in years we did not enjoy our meal.Always a good meal.  Eat solo often and sit at the bar.  The service is impeccable.  Complimentary Pate always kicks the meal off right.  Regardless of the entree I order, I always substitute the risotto for my side; it is that good.  The drinks are always on point.  Pere Roux cake is a must dessert.Outstanding steak, good service. I'm surprised by some of the low ratings. I went here with a party of 10 and we got outstanding service and had an expertly prepared meal. Chef sent out an amuse bouche of chicken liver pate. I started with the duck stew. Don't recall what they called it on the menu. I call it the amazing duck stew. I got the filet and it was superb. Huge filet prepared perfectly, with au gratin potatoes, asparagus, and a marrow sauce. Effing amazing. Couple nice glasses of the Jacuzzi Pinot Noir and I was out of there for ~$150. Price seemed reasonable to me, but some of my compadres thought it was a little pricey for the venue & overall experience. I will definitely return for the great food and friendly service.Seriously disappointing both in food and service (fatty and flavorless steak and surly waitress).  I expected better from John Besh.This was my first trip to any of the "Besh" restaurants and it was not a let down.  I had the Iron Skillet Ribeye which came with a peppercorn sauce which I had on the side.   The sauce was very tasty but I like to let the meat do the talking and it was cooked to perfection and well seasoned.  All in all a very good dinner!!!!A lovely meal but not worth all of the hype. Both of our meals were too salty and saucy. We did enjoy the atmosphere and appetizer (crostini and pate) but would not go back for another meal.My mother decided to take my family and i here for my bday dinner. Even though they weren't busy, we had to wait 15+ minutes for a table of 5. One hostess wasn't exactly charming. 
Service was a bit on the slow side since there's only one person waiting on you (I thought it was considered fine dining and if so shouldn't there be a server's assistant?)
Appetizers weren't so memorable and the entrees were ok. Nothing to call home about. 
Next time, I get to choose what I want. After all, it was my bday, MOTHER!!Here I go again landing in another steakhouse. This wasn't just any steakhouse. We showed up after winding down the day at the AWHONN conference without a reservation , which I don't recommend for swanky place. The hostess was kind and accommodating. She seated us within minutes. The waitress promptly came over reviewed the menu and special for the evening. Note that initially, I was disappointed with the limited menu but quickly appreciated it. We ordered Gumbo and fried oysters to start. Yes lawd both were delicious- perfectly seasoned. The chef sent out complimentary deviled eggs topped with Caviar. Whattttttt.  So much smokey goodness. We shared a medium t-bone  top with crab with the best scalloped potatoes ever.  The potatoes were thinly sliced and layered with cheese and cream. OMG food heaven. The asparagus and bread were also delectable. The finish- chocolate mousse cake and cheese cake.  YES YES Yes.The pork chop with corn and crab risotto is one of the best meals I've ever eaten. I also highly recommend the barbecued shrimp. Service, ambiance, and drinks were excellent.Ate there last night and was impressed. Staff was attentive . the steaks were excellent.
Now that the casino is smoke free it added to the  experience.The blue dog paintings added that new Orleans flair. I will be a repeat customer.From the beginning to the end, what a fabulous experience! We were lucky enough to have Trisha as our server and she was FABULOUS! The steaks were heavenly and the Grouper was fantastic. The wine selection was great and we enjoyed a lovely bread pudding for desert, definitely a must if you're in NOLA!!!I had the prime rib and it was average in quality. It was definitely not prime meat. It came with tasty sauted vegetables but the potatoes left something to be desired. My husband ordered fish and chips. The chips did not match the "frites" in the advertisement and looked more like onion strings - the flavor was ok. He said the fish was average and if you don't like fried fish with a head and tail still intact, don't order it. Our waitress was delightful and attentive. The horseradish sauce served with the prime rib was terrible. The so-called homemade tartar sauce was again only average. They started the meal with some type of fried chicken liver pate and followed by 1 roll per person. We were never offered a 2nd roll and they were not up to New Orleans quality. As a rule, the french bread in this town is truly something to write home about. This isn't. I would say it is convenient if you want to gamble at the casino, but definitely do not go out of your way to dine here. The prices are very high which is fine if the food is outstanding - but this was not.Once of Chef Besh's restaurants in the area, this Steakhouse is a great stop, with a great (tasty) selection in a very nice atmosphere.  The menu can get a little pricey the longer you look at it, but not anything crazy.  It's what I would expect for the type/style of restaurant. 
I started off with BBQ Shrimp appetizer which came on some French loaf style bread, and in a sauce.  These were fantastic, and had it just been me, might have been enough, alone, to fill me up for my meal.  Alas, this tasty morsel was only a tease, and I would have to wait for the main course. 
My main course was a simple filet mignon, and it was delicious.  Very tender, nice and juicy, and cooked to perfection. 
I did read some of the other reviews, and watched my food and the only time it "sit" was when it was at the chef's station for inspection.  ((Sorry the only reference I can main is Hell's Kitchen when the food goes to the "pass" before heading to the table))
My waitress was great, checked in often, made sure my food was as ordered, and if I needed anything else.  Very kind, and even suggested the filet over some of my other options.
Overall I definitely enjoyed this location, and would be happy to visit again.I eat here all the time, absolutely love it. for apps, the pork belly spring rolls are amazing. and I always get the tuna rare, & the foie gras on top is to die for! brian is by far the best server, and the wine list is always amazing. one of my top 5 for new orleans restaurantsOnce again my family and I had another flawlless meal.  Locally grown vegetables,  dishes with a loisiana flair, all elegantly prepared and served.  The service is always good,  the waitsfaff is friendly and well versed about the menu items.  We eat here two or three times a year and we always have a memorable experience.so i  was in new orleans for my partners birthday and decided to go to besh's......when we arrived i had pulled the maitre d'  aside and had said it was her birthday.....not a real bright guy as he sends the waiter over who screams we have a birthday.....as i look at her and say...suprise......so we get over that ....we order...she the ribeye with her sides....me the lamb chops, mine came with side and dessert...so we go thru this long drawn out never ending dinner........now mind you this is on my partners birthday.......and here comes the waiter....with MY dessert.....and places it in front of her ...and the dish says               "happy birthday"......NOW COME ON.....THIS OVER HYPED BRAVO TV CHEF....CAN'T AFFORED A PIECE OF STALE DRYED OUT CAKE FOR SOMEONE'S BIRTHDAY....REALLY..........NOLA  has so much more to offer....I was there yesterday.  Very nice and arranged place to go and sit down to have dinner.  Service was not quite personalized which I was expecting since I am paying $58 for a dish.  Waiter's manners were not polite nor professional (serving four people from same point instead of doing it on the right side of the eater).  I ordered a Medium rare Tuna Seared but came out extremely rare however I enjoyed it.  
If I have to choose again where to have dinner I will not pick this place, like the other review says I can get better service at a way cheaper restaurant like Outback or SaltGrass.  
Overall rating for this place:  DisappointingWOW, this was a disappointment.  I wasn't expecting the stuffed flounder to be 2 pieces of fried flounder with some stuffing between the pieces.  What a huge contrast between his restaurants.Terrible service. Went here with 3 people, Wendy, the manager, told us to sit in the waiting area while she cleared a table. The three of us sat there for a total of 30min. Waiting. During that time we were all chatting so we weren't as focused on the time, however I was. During the 30min I would get occasional eye contact from Wendy, she looked super stressed out, and refused to leave the dining and kitchen areas to give us an update. She left us there until we finally gave up wating and left. It happened to be 9ish at night now so Wendy had accomplished what she probably was hoping for which was, preventing us from getting decent food due to the time and most restaurants were closed or closing. I'll never go there or any other restaurants affiliated.Found out the hard way, and not from the Besh Steak website OR from the management and staff that I spoke with twice in planning my reservation for my mothers birthday dinner, that guests have to be 21 to dine. Many casino restaurants have multiple entrances and don't require guests to be 21 to eat steak and have a simple glass of water. So please be advised future customers.Fantastic small town atmosphere with the luxuries of city life. This little gem is tucked off the main drag and produces the best bloody Mary's in town.  Beer is cold, taps are clean and prices are very fair. 
Staff and patrons are friendly and inviting. Excellent way to start or end the evening.We were completely spoiled this NOLA trip, because we went to Emeril's, Commander's Palace, and K Paul's. Perhaps the sublime service and out-of-this-world food at those places jaded our palates for mere mortal cooking, but Besh was just not a contender. Too bad, because we are big Harrah's fans and like the points, so this was a bit crushing. Service really lacked and the food was just average, while the prices were as high as the others - really not good value for what you get. Large portions, but that is about it. If you have limited time to try NOLA restaurants, cross this one off your list.My husband and I had dinner at the steakhouse inside Harrah's casino last night. The food was amazing!  Every item was bursting with flavor!  The Caesar salad dressing had a nice kick, the gumbo was great, the filet was cooked perfectly with a slightly sweet marinade, the red snapper was mild with a smooth sauce of some kind, and last but not least the fried rice!!!  It is actually crunchy which may sound weird but please try it. Wonderful. We were so full we didn't order dessert, but everything we tasted was seriously amazing. The only reason I didn't give five stars was the service. The waiter was doing the best he could but they were clearly short handed. Still, the food was well worth the wait.Cold steak and cold potatoes sent back not only once but twice. Mushroom side dish sent back once. Manager explained they couldn't discount the meal. After FOUR complaints finally had a few items removed but was still forced to pay $61 for THE WORSE MEAL OF LIFE. As local service industry myself I'll definitely being telling tourists, friends, and family about this story.As a whole, Besh is a nice restaurant. They are great at accommodating for a special evening or event. The Seven Star players of Harrahs get the opportunity to frequent many events held at Besh and they are all a blast. The bartenders, servers and hostess always make me feel welcomed and appreciated as a patron. The only issue that I can see as a frequent patron of Besh Steakhouse is with the consistency. There is almost no guarantee that the meal you order on the first of the month will taste like the exact same meal that you order on the 15th. Another thing to consider with Besh is the location. This restaurant is advertised as the namesake and epitome of fine dining for John Besh and Harrhas New Orleans. This may be true, but the atmosphere at times, does not always display that. The establishment does not have a dress code, which is fine, but it can be a bit confusing to see patrons in shorts and flip flops alongside patrons in business casual or formal attire. For this price point, I would expect some type of dress code. Would I recommend Besh to friends or family, absolutely. My good experiences far outweigh the bad.I can not recommend Besh Steakhouse from our recent experience.  The restaurant was beautiful, we were able to get seated timely and our waiter seemed interested in being helpful.   The draw backs included our salads being served at the same time as our appetizers.  And the salad was soaking in dressing to the point the salad was wilted.   It was inedible!!!!   My husband likes his steak cooked medium well with very little to no red.   We have never had an issue with this request before and requested they butterfly the steak so it would not burn.  But burnt it was....  not sure who was in the kitchen but after such a disappointment we opted for desert elsewhere.   Yuck!Great ambiance and incredible selection of alcohol. It's located inside of Harrah's Casino, so prepare for an eyeful. Once you're inside of Besh, you'll forget that you're tucked in the corner near the slots. 
I visited for Valentine's Day so I can't give you the scoop on the actual menu.  Their Prix Fixe menu was divine. 
We began with lump and sautéed crab meat, fried oysters, and chicken liver pate. My mate was hesitant to try the pate but was pleasantly surprised. He agreed that it tasted like "chicken butter". (Insert chuckle here) I noticed other tables didn't touch their pate. IMO, it was marvelous...I could have smeared it on anything! 
A perfectly cooked filet, two lobster tails, and a huge veal chop later, we were stuffed. The puréed cauliflower was the absolute star of my plate. I say the in shyness because the Surf and Turf was FANTASTIC. But, I'm still salivating over the cauliflower. There was very little on my plate. I found myself a bit sad when I realized it. 
Moments to note: 
1.) Our server was fantastic. 
2.) The food runner knocked over my cocktail. I was enjoying myself so much that I didn't mind one bit. 
3.) They don't serve D'usse. I was hoping to grab a bottle. I couldn't find it anywhere in Nola!  
4.) The dessert was nothing short of great. My mate confirmed this...as he gobbled both of ours! 
I'm giving this place of total thumbs up. I can't wait to return to try a variety of things from their seasonal menu! Give it a go if you're in Nola.Great food, great chef only downfall if not a big steak eater not a lot of other options but I did 2 crab cakes and it was delicious ! 
Definitely a must if you're in this areaYou ever been to that uncles house that swears they can cook? This is Besh. You'd swear by the prices that you'd have some great food. But all in all this place was beyond a disappointment. As much as it hurts me to write this, you'd have a better meal buying steak from Walmart and just putting salt and pepper on the steak. You can obviously tell chef Besh spends his time elsewhere like Luke or August. If you plan on going elsewhere please do. Hopefully this restaurant shuts down and they open something better in its place.This is one of the best steakhouse's I've ever been to.  Was in town speaking at a local event.  Was invited here not expecting much since it is a steakhouse inside the casino.  
John Besh Steakhouse was excellent.  The decor was awesome, all the Blue Dog paintings on the wall were great as well.  The wine was great, the steak was excellent and the dessert was great as well.  
Had a filet mignon which was the perfect size, not too small, not too big.  Plenty of room for dessert.  The chef actually came out and said hello to the group I was with which I thought was great.  
Outstanding service as well.  Will be coming back soon next time I'm in town.  John Besh Steakhouse...you guys are awesome!!!Everything that I ordered was mediocre. The best thing was a side item, the garlic mashed potato. It was mashed into a purée like it was mentioned. 
The risotto was kind of salty and it wasn't mushy enough to my liking. 
The lobster mac n cheese was nothing special. There was barely any lobster meat, or if any at all. I would also like to suggest on using a different type of pasta instead. Penne/tube-like pasta just didn't taste right. It could not hold the sauce, "meat", and cheese together. 
The porterhouse steak was medium rare, but I find it kind of dried on certain slices. Bigger steak doesn't mean it will be better. I should have just gone with the smaller cut. 
Honestly, for how much I've spent, I would rather go to Doris or another steakhouse.
Edit: So I ate the leftover Mac n cheese and found some pieces of lobsters. Probably still wouldn't go back though.We decided to try to place because we were tired of Bourbon Street and wanted to blow some new year cash (Li Si). Overall the food was good but it was pricey. We had to pull out quite a few red envelopes to pay for it.  
We started with the BBQ shrimp which was very good. I loved the sauce.  My husband had the beef tenderloin, which he said was very flavorful and well-seasoned.  I wasn't in the mood for steak so I ordered the redfish.  The fish was little dry but the mirlton and shrimp topping was delicious.  
I guess I am still a fan of Besh.Very good steak. A little pricey ($75 for the NY Strip). The portions are ridiculously large.We tried to eat there yesterday, A customer ahead of us was complaining about the food. Specifically the Ranch Dressing tasted like spoiled Sour Milk. After waiting for several minutes, the front Hostess brushed off the disgruntled customer without a care. We were next, not so fast. The Hostess looks at us and takes a 4 minute phone call. Really???? You take the call and put them on hold while you take care of the PAYING customer in front of you! I expressed my displeasure, which she walked away for several minutes and returned with a Manager. The Manager did not care. We walked away and they "DID NOT CARE".Besh Steakhouse is located in Harrah's so like other casino restaurants, there are no windows. They have a few booths with curtains so if you really want to feel like youre in a cave, this is your place. I overheard alot of people talking about their vouchers to eat there so there must be a deal if you gamble enough. 
The food was very good on both of my visits. The appetizers tend to be rich and the portions plentiful so plan to scratch any post meal physical activity. The service was friendly and professional on both visits. So, if your choices are Besh, Mannings or Ruth's, my suggestion is Besh all the way.  Oh and they make a mean French 75 too;)Came late, got seated at the bar for dinner.  Food was delicious and I'm sorry to the kitchen for the 2 stars but Mr. Besh, your staff needs to be "on" for the customer start to finish.  You lost probably $120 in drinks because not only did we have to flag the bartender down for a drink (mind you, we're at the bar) but never was offered another sip of anything.
If your front end sucks, it doesn't matter how good your food is.  I'm not asking to be babied, but c'mon.  Train this staff that closing means after the last customer is gone.  I partially blame the manager since he was riding all the staff on closing when there were still 10 or more customers including us.Came here for a large family dinner with my fiancé. The restaurant is in the casino itself. It is nicely decorated and the seating is very comfy. 
They provided us with a complimentary liver pate with crostini. I'm not in to liver myself, but some in our party said it was good. My fiancé and I shared an ordered of the baked oysters, which we both agreed were quite good. For entrees, we shared the grilled pork chop and the dry aged New York strip steak. We both agreed that the pork was a bit overcooked and kind of tough. It was served with some delicious sautéed greens and an orzo risotto with corn and crab that was also good. The steak was really good and cooked to perfection. It had blue cheese on top and was served with a delicious reduction sauce, a big piece of bone marrow and some fried onion rings. Every element of that plate was pretty delicious. 
For dessert, the table ordered a bunch of the desserts and we were able to sample. The chocolate mousse was good and had nice crunchy bits, but it was kind of small. The coconut cake was a very large piece. It was moist and reminded me of sun tan lotion in a good way. The bread pudding was good, but didn't really stand out in any way. The banana fosters cake was also good, but heavy on the banana flavor. 
All in all, we really enjoyed the meal.I dined at Besh Steakhouse since it was comped. Had a great NY strip and the service was good. It's noisy because it's open and exposed to the casino floor.
As far as the casino, it needs a lot of updating and it attracts a certain bad element at given times where one might not feel safe.I just didn't like it... I will try again, but the only thing I remember enjoying was the bread pudding. He didn't like his steak and my fish left a lot to be desired.Looks great but is a tough call. Points paid for the meal and wine but the meat was burnt. Medium well is not medium rare. Good cuts and sideAmazing Amazing Amazing ... Greeted by the hostess with an amazing smile and it just got even better. Service was fantastic, food was just as great. I got the Prime Bone-in Ribeye ! Cooked to perfection ... Garlic Mashed Potatoes... Onions & Mushrooms on the side. Loveeeee ! I will definitely visit again on my next trip to Nola. Halloween here I comeIt hurts to write this review. Besh steak was one of my favorite places to eat when visiting New Orleans. I had no idea that the change of name to "BH Steak" would be significant. 
The first hint came when I was presented not with the leather menu and wine list folders Besh used, but with a single page paper menu that listed all menu items plus all "wines by glass" and other beverages. 
Since they were offering the special Reveillon holiday menu I chose it: 
Bread (a single baguette and dish of butter; arrived during my second course)
Deviled egg 
Grilled Louisiana Shrimp Rémoulade with Pickled Root Vegetables 
Baked Oyster Gratin with Horseradish and Parmesan Cheese
Pompano Amandine with Citrus, Crab and Brown Butter 
Lemon Verbena Crème Brûlée with Fresh Berries, Elderflower, and Crispy Meringue 
As each dish appeared my disappointment deepened. Unlike the dishes served under Besh these items were not much above cafeteria fare. The shrimp were about the size of my thumb, but were chewy causing my teeth to squeak at each chew. The oyster dish was bland despite the claim that it contained horseradish. The pompano was fried and very greasy--I have had lighter, tastier fish and chip variety. The  Crème Brûlée, despite being my favorite dessert, was barely identifiable as Crème Brûlée. 
A few hours later I woke from sleep and spent the next few hours suffering from food poisoning. It was the final misery to my grief over losing Besh standards. 
The wait and serving staff were pleasant if not the polished staff I experienced under Besh. A wine list was not offered until I asked ("By the glass selections are on the menu you have--do you want a bottle?"), the bread was promised when my wine arrived, but did not show up until I was mid-way through the second course, dishes were slow to be cleared, table not swept between courses. It was not a busy night, but clearly there is not strong nor trained team effort. 
One staff member mentioned more changes are in store. I won't give up hope yet, but my expectations are guarded.There are literally thousands of places to eat in New Orleans, why go to a steakhouse in a casino? Because the food and service is exceptional!
Everything we ordered was perfect. The bread they start you off with is delicious too. Our main entrees - the filet and the blackfin tuna were AMAZING but there were two standout dishes we will never forget, the crab and corn "risotto" made with orzo and the cheesecake. The risotto was so memorable that we went back on another night to have it again at the bar with a few drinks and a crabcake (also terrific). The cheesecake is so hard to describe. We've all had cheesecake, but not this one. It was SO creamy but still had a substantial mouth feel. I wish I could describe it better but I promise you, you will never forget it if you order it. Service is spot on, too. Don't miss this spot.Went to Besh and sat at the bar.  Not sure of the name, but the bartender was super friendly and professional.  Just what you expect from New Orleans hospitality.  He could have been a bit more attentive, but it was a busy night.  
I ordered the Bibb salad, which was probably a mistake!  It was delicious but between that and the fresh bread, I wasso  full.  I ordered the peppercorn ribeye.  It is served with fries.  I have to say this is one of the BEST steaks I have ever had!!!! The sauce was perfect and it was cooked perfectly.  I don't know what was in that sauce, but I was dipping my shoestring fries in it.  Everything was so tasty and the staff was really nice.  Unfortunately, I could barely eat anything, but I had a great midnight snack for later!!
Pleasantly surprised and I will be back.My wife and I are locals and love ourselves a nice juicy steak. Had heard good things from a few people about this place so decided to give this place a try. We were not sure what to expect due to the restaurant being in the casino but were very pleasantly surprised. We were seated promptly on arrival and really enjoyed the ambience never feeling like we were at a casino during the entire meal. All of the staff were extremely courteous and attentive and made us feel very comfortable throughout the meal. Our waiter was friendly and helpful, especially with my wife's long list of allergies. We ordered the duck sliders as an appetizer which was delicious. I had the filet and my wife had the bone in ribeye. The filet was a very generous portion and cooked perfectly rare to my liking. My wife got the ribeye and that was definitely the star of the night. Cooked perfect medium rare and just an excellent cut of meat up to par with anywhere else we have eaten in the city. So good we were literally eating every last bite right off the bone. Gotta get the bone in ribeye in my opinion. We shared the cheesecake for dessert which was also a treat, so good and definitely large enough to share. Favorite part of the experience for me was the atmosphere and ambiance. It was upscale but not stuffy and the staff were all so friendly and helpful. We never felt rushed and really go to enjoy an amazing meal together. The only complaint is that you have to go into the casino to use the bathrooms which is a little bit of a buzzkill. Otherwise I would strongly recommend this place to all you meat eaters out there looking for a good meal in a nice atmosphere.I won't ever go back.  Our waitress was robotic, my steak was mediocre but the veggies and potatoes that came out with it were inedible. The potatoes had obviously been cooked WAY before I ordered them and all the vegetables were of varying degrees of doneness.   It was a very unpleasant experience.Oh, John Besh, I love all of your restaurants. I especially love that my meal was comped here, but even if it wasn't, I would've still thought it was worthwhile. The biggest surprise was the beef candy salad. I really can't not order things labeled "meat candy," and often they're too sweet, but this was just perfect: crispy, sweet, spicy beef over refreshing lettuce (there isn't that much lettuce in this town).
I was with a giant group, so I got to try little bits of many things, and everything was up to par. All the meats were amazing. The lobster tail was perfectly cooked - best I've had outside of Maine. For sides, the pommes frites with the rib eye were properly crispy, the onion rings were huge. Desserts also on point. Yeah, life was good that night, even though the more intoxicated you get, the more troubling those giant blue dogs with the neurotic eyes seem to be (they judge you and your gluttony, but you'll get over it).Not impressed over priced for sure . Lobster mac and cheese is not even Mac and cheese. Pasta was under cooked the cheese was non existent. Steak was just ok . But for $55 bucks my 20 oz ribeye was not great! It also did come with any sides at that price. Service at the bar bar was not that great either. Unless ur a local and then you get the royal treatment. Ruth Criss is across the way and for the same price you probably will get a better meal and better serviceWe stopped in this steakhouse looking for a much-needed burger after a few days of gorging on creole food and drinks. Sometimes you just need a burger. Theirs was amazing, although it was way too large to finish. A huge serving of beef cooked to medium topped with an onion- bacon jam and aioli turned a burger into a remarkably good meal. It was served with crispy steak fries. 
The service was pretty quick and efficient and the atmosphere was pretty calm, considering the restaurant is located inside of a casino.I have eaten here several time over the years and it has always been good but tonight it was excellent. I had the ribeye and it was one of the best I have had anywhere that I can remember. Cooked perfectly to medium rare and so tender and flavorful. The service was also excellent.My husband and I ate here during our stay at Harrah's hotel and thought it was very good! The steaks were cooked well and tasty.  Seafood and salads were fresh. Service was excellent.  As a matter of fact, we ate at Ruth Chris one night and it absolutely failed in comparison to The Steakhouse. So if you're at Harrah's and considering going out for a steak dinner, choose this over the rest!We had a fantastic experience! I ordered the ribeye, my wife ordered the barbecue shrimp.
The food was delicious and well presented, prepared, and hot.
The team was friendly, courteous, and professional! Ayana was exceptional!
Thank you for a great anniversary experience!Incredible from the beginning to the end! 
As a local, I would honestly never have considered dining in a restaurant in our casino but after hearing stellar reviews about The Steakhouse, I decided to make it a surprise destination for the hubby's birthday. I made the reservation for 5:00 PM on a Sunday and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was happy hour when we arrived! I sipped on a smooth and velvety Cabernet Sauvignon and he had a couple of French 75's. 
I think the most important thing that sets The Steakhouse apart for me was their attention to detail and the fresh, creative spin they put into the components of their dishes. I adored my wine glass and the cute little dinnerware that the chef's complimentary couscous was served in. I loved that our private table had curtains to draw and once the main meal was set we drew them and had the most romantic dinner. The ambience of our quaint and private dining space made the experience feel absolutely timeless, we were there no less than two hours. 
The Hawaiian rolls to start were homemade delicacies served with a large slice of butter that had been sprinkled with coarse salt...every spread of butter was sheer perfection 
The boudin in the boudin tacos must have been shipped from somebody's Paw Paw in cajun land! It was fantastic on the flour tortilla. 
The coconut pecan shrimp was perfectly grilled and brilliantly composed and a MUST to try. 
The remoulade sauce under the crab cake was surprisingly smooth, I'm not usually a fan of remoulade but this one was fresh and delicious. 
For the main course we had the blackened redfish, which was topped with fried okra and the Porterhouse steak medium. Again....perfection. The corn and crab risotto along with the roasted garlic pomme purée (fancy and incredible mashed potatoes) were excellent complementary sides. 
Every part of this dining experience was !So last night we decided to eat here since we were in the Casino. Everything was for the most part was good. Service was good, drinks were good, steaks and fish were good. So why 3 stars? Because it was just that good as in average so an average rating. Not above average and definitely not fine dining. 
We have eaten at some of the best steak houses in the city. Have eaten at many Casino Restaurants from Vegas to along the gulf coast. The place is good, that's it. 
With that being said it is very pricey for average. I expect a better dining experience for what the menu is offering. Especially with so many options within a 5 minute radius. 
Again we have no complaints. Just..okay
9/23/19
So I kept wondering if I was just a little complacent with the review. Today I received a message from restaurant. 
It appears to be an auto generating response (I could be wrong but it read that way).  Just an average response. Just like everything I wrote about.Let me begin by saying that we go here because we have reward credits to pay for it. But, that doesn't mean that I don't want value for those credits that I earned by losing $$$. Even cutting them much slack for only being open one night after the 3 month closing for Covid-19, they still only get 2 stars. The oysters that we started with were not released from their shells by the shucker, so when we pulled at them with our forks they tore. The Caesar salads, though lovely with the use of little gem Romaine, were drowning in dressing. Still held out hope for the Prime ribeye- but the disappointment hit at the first bite of gloppy fat and continued through the rest of it. The loaded whipped potatoes with cream fraiche were fine, as were the mini jalapeno cornbread muffins. Our server, Eric, couldn't have been nicer and friendlier, so he wasn't penalized for the kitchen's failures.So last night we decided to eat here since we were in the Casino. Everything was for the most part was good. Service was good, drinks were good, steaks and fish were good. So why 3 stars? Because it was just that good as in average so an average rating. Not above average and definitely not fine dining. 
We have eaten at some of the best steak houses in the city. Have eaten at many Casino Restaurants from Vegas to along the gulf coast. The place is good, that's it. 
With that being said it is very pricey for average. I expect a better dining experience for what the menu is offering. Especially with so many options within a 5 minute radius. 
Again we have no complaints. Just....:okayDear John - 
Your name is on this place, but where are you? We've never hooked up here and you are my #1 pretend boyfriend. Where's the love? Anyway, Bob loves it here (because you've never made an appearance?) Plus, he loves steak. We came in for the first time because my Mom loved it (she loved casinos) and then she was nervous because she insisted we come (even paid for it). Well, you don't even realize you're in a casino - it's just another upscale steakhouse except for the Blue Dog paintings. I have been a Blue Dog fan forever.
I actually called her from the restaurant when Bob said it was the best meal he ever had. And she was so happy! We've moved thru the menu over the years, but there's two constants. The best bibb lettuce salad ever, and Bob's all time favorite bread pudding with homemade whiskey ice cream. One of each of those will feed both us. He normally gets a steak, and I get seafood of one type or another (usually an appetizer).
My only gripe (except for your absence) is they serve martinis in those squatty glasses. That's so wrong. If you keep your name on this place, please make them cease and desist. It's not elegant. 
Until next time,
Your #1 Fan Miss L.Even though this wasn't my first time here, it was my best time.  We forgot to make reservations and therefore had to wait for seats at the bar.  Trust me, the bartender Bill was the best.  He understood the food menu and was extremely engaging.  We started with a delicious chopped salad and shared a porterhouse with a side of Brussels sprouts.  Everything was perfectly cooked!  The bar patrons were friendly and they made the atmosphere warmer than sitting isolated in the dining room.  I simply loved the evening dinner!This was the first time my wife and I ate at this restaurant.  The decor was beautiful, the service was horrible, the waitress was not attentive and had a very bad attitude.  She acted as if we were bothering her when we asked for refills and condiments. The food was ok I had the 20oz bone in Prime Rib cost $65.00 It was thick but I had to take back twice too pink and bloody. My wife ordered the red fish $43.00 nothing special about the taste. This will be the last time we come here. It was a Monday night and it took 50 min to get food.From the Hostess at the front to our waiter everybody was amazing.  The steak and asparagus it was so delicious that I can't wait to go back to this place.  My boyfriends birthday was this day and they surprised him with a Happy Birthday plate with 2 cheesecake samples.  I recommend this place and if I can give them 10 Stars I would!!!The hostess and my server was extremely attentive and met all my needs. The menu was simple but seemed to have at least 1 thing for everyone. What I was surprised about was the lack of steak cuts on the menu for a restaurant called The Steakhouse.
Why only 4 stars? 
1) Bread presentation; if I'm planning to spend $75-100 for 1 meal I expect something better looking and better tasting than a brown and serve roll. I was very shocked this was their choice for the first food item to be on the table. It came in a very adorable cast iron dish that clearly was used for nothing more than serving.
2) short wine list; also did not seem to embrace more modern wine trends 
3) the main reason I'm writing this review is Restaurant Managment. The gentleman walking around checking with guests to ask about their meal was extremely selective in who he spoke to and put on an heir of arrogance. I watched as he chose who he spoke to and who he simply smiled and walked by without saying a word. He never once spoke to me or walked by my table. Every customer is important and should be treated the same.Oh my Gosh! Dined here on our honeymoon last week and it was worth every penny! The steak was cooked to perfection, the lobster Mac n cheese was great! The Chef's complimentary cuscus was amazing! The staff was kind and attentive. Definitely recommend.Eghhhhh. Edible but not good at all. Medium steak was cooked okay, but the outside was totally charred/burned and very hard to eat due to the ash-y flavor. Sides were just mediocre, lacking in seasoning. Waitstaff was a little overbearing, like more than attentive enough. 
Disclaimer: i only went because a friend had a Harrah's giftcard to this place.I see all these reviews raving about  this place and I have to assume these folks don't know good food because it is not at the Steak House. WE spent $500 for a meal that was nothing to rave about. For starters they have a very limited menu. My medium bonen in ribeye was over cooked and tough, The crab cakes have just enough crab to be called a crab cake. All in all Harrah's should be ashamed to be associated with this restaurant.
,My wife and I went here for dinner at The Steakhouse on Sunday evening, March 31st, 2019. We had taken a long weekend to New Orleans to celebrate our wedding anniversary and my wife's birthday. We were greeted very quickly by the friendly hostess, who verified our reservation and had us seated quickly and made sure a drink order was taken right away.
There were many tempting items on the menu that sounded terrific. I had the Chicken and Andouille Gumbo, the Louisiana Wagyu Strip (with some grilled Shrimp to make it Surf and Turf) and a side of loaded grilled Asparagus. My wife had a Caesar salad and the pan fried crab cake. We shared multiple desserts after the meal.
Our server was a lovely young lady named Jasmine. She was professional, friendly and prompt. She mad sure everything was to our liking and we needed nothing. We will definitely ask for her by name on our next visit.
The experience was outstanding. The service was superb, the steak was so very flavorful and cooked perfectly. The Gumbo and Asparagus - delicious. My wife was equally please with her salad and crab cake - which she said was one of the best she has had.
Kudos to the Chef and his team for preparing a delicious meal and a big thank you to Jasmine for taking such good care of us.So after another visit and a new Chef the menu is much better. Service is better. Didn't forget entrees this time. 
Crab claws were over priced and a bit slimy, but everything else was great.  EXCEPT the ridiculous cheese cake. Omg, the six of us have never laughed so hard. 
I wouldnt call it cheese cake. It was fingernail size bites of something with added POP ROCKS on top. Yes, pop rocks. Complete ripoff. Order the donut instead.  
But, still. So much better.Was here a couple  different  times on my NOLA visit. Had dinner one night which was amazing, but the highlight on all my  visits was the bartender, Billy. He's amazing.  Highly knowledgeable, customer centric and just a great dude. To me service  makes a place great. They are really lucky at The Steakhouse to have Billy, he provides service that is followable