I've lived in New Orleans for eight years and had not heard of this restaurant until I was invited there by friends for dinner. The location was convenient and attractive. The menu was interesting and varied. Each dish was well-prepared, flavorful, attractive, generously portioned, attractively presented, and reasonably priced. Service was friendly, courteous, prompt, and unobtrusive. The owner stopped by the table and was thoroughly charming. I may have a new favorite restaurant!They were very busy and seemed to be very understaffed during Essence. However, the food was worth the wait. It was beyond delicious! Our party had a sided chopped salad, crab cakes, pork chops with Mac and cheese and green beans, the backyard burger, and loaded cheese fries. No complaints. Oh, we also had the munch punch! The service was excellent too. Be prepared for over an hour wait!Everything I've ever ordered was delicious. The reason for the 3-star rating is that service is very slow.Such an amazing place! I have almost had everything on the menu and have not yet once had something I did not enjoy. Shrimp and grits and the Elysian peels are my favs! You can really tell they car about the quality of their product and that is something I always and looking for. great family restaurant and I will continue to frequent here. Oh...and the best part... THEY DELIVER!Quaint little corner restaurant with good service and good food. It was our first time and it was great for our girls night! The oysters and the munch punch cocktails are a must! It was definitely a place i would come back to!The Buffalo Oyster appetizer had some kind of amazing in it. Loved the Fines Herb Chicken with the best green beans ever. My son wants to meet Uncle Joe and thank him for his pasta. Great service!I've been here several times with groups, and have tried almost everything on the menu. 
It's definitely all good, but the two that stand out...Shrimp n Grits, and the Fish Tacos.
Just writing this review is making me want to go back. Nice, quaint little spot that's blessed with a comfortable seating layout so it doesn't feel too congested.This place is SLOW! As I write this, we are still waiting for our food after about 45 minutes. It's not even what I would consider busy -- there are six open tables. If you're in a rush (or hungry), I suggest skipping this place.  I will say that the waiters have been really nice though.
UPDATE:  We waited well over an hour while people around us, who came in after us, got their food.  We ended up having to leave because we were so hangry.  Maybe the food is good...we'll never know.Food and atmosphere were definitely a delight. Time to get food/anything else wasn't. To the ladies defense, they looked short staffed, but damn. Don't make me smell all that goodness and not have it readily available. All in all, its a good spot, and when in the area I would go back. Just not while hungry!Food is real great and succulent. Staff is very friendly. Food came out in a timely manner didn't have to wait long, half way into the shrimp and grits got full. The atmosphere is real nice and cozy real clean esp the bathrooms. The prices are reasonable for lunch time which is when I went.To die for food and service!  Leave your comfort zone and venture to Gentilly, you will not be disappointed!We ate here in December and the food was so amazing. I think it was possible the best pork chop I have had in my life. My husband had the ribs and he said they were delicious. It was so much food we could not come close to finishing it.  Oh and the Mac & Cheese! YES,  LAWD! The service was good and the restaurant itself was very nice. The parking lot is a little small, but it was not too crowded when we went so we did not have a problem. Since eating here were having given up meat, but there are several fish options on the menu so I can't wait to go back!Finally got around to getting to Chef Jordan's restaurant and it was a really good treat.  It was my mom's birthday so it was a nice little group of us. 
*****DISCLAIMER*****
All food is prepared fresh so there WILL be a wait, bank on it.
Although, once we finally got our meals there was not a single complaint at the table. The food was simply delicious.  I had the blackened red fish with crabmeat and it was really good, a bit heavy on 'something' that i can't quite put my taste to but i recently have been changing my diet so some of what i had that was fried (like the fried grits that came with my meal) sort of agitated my stomach, but it had nothing to do with the taste of the food, it was on point!
Of the appetizers that i tried which were the crab cakes and fried green tomatoes, it was nothing short of fantastic. I'm glad to have finally gotten around to coming here and confirming all the 'hype'.  Definitely a place to have new comers to the city check out.
Also much luck and success to Chef Jordan, great to see a fellow Lusher school mate on the rise!We loved the food​ and the service! We tried the voodoo burger and the oyster boat sandwich. Both really good! Also, definitely try a dessert- we had chocolate cake but I wanted to try the bread pudding too! Now I just need them to open a satellite location in Virginia :)The food at this place is outstanding. My husband ordered shrimp and grits and I had the ribeye steak with the tomatoes and basil. I don't even eat shrimp or grits but his plate was delicious. My steak was amazingly well-seasoned; it was great. Very relaxed and quiet atmosphere. We went on a Wednesday around 6:30-7:00pm. The service was great and the staff is very friendly. I would definitely recommend this place. I meant to take a picture first, but it looked so good that I dug in immediately!Best meal ever. My boyfriend had the pork chops and they were so delicious. I had snapper fish with shrimp and mash potatoes. I died. Bread pudding seriously punched me in the face, it was so good.Surprised by how lovely this small restaurant in the Garden District was.  Grits dishes were exceptional - one with shrimp and one bowl with cheese and beef debris.  Server was 13 but charming and knowledgeable.  Worth a visit.Excellent Place! The servers were very friendly and did recommend a dish to me.  I had Ribs with Potato slices and spaghetti salad. it was served hot and was very good!  Will return soon.New favorite restaurant in NOLA. This is a true locals place with non traditional Cajun food. Must have is the 4 cheese Mac N Cheese, Sweet N Spice Shrimp and cocktail with Jack Daniels Lemonade Tea.Excellent place next to the corner of Magazine. Good vibes. Great plates. I got a nice salad and my friend a burger. The salad was giant and i took fried oyster. Delicious. My friend got the burger but the patty was spicy hot. She loved it!This came highly recommended from a friend who's a native New Orleanian.  "Don't go to Dooky Chase," he said, "go to Munch Factory."
First thing, I'll say is I will definitely eat here again.  I think I'm leaving this place with 3 stars because of what I ordered.
To start, the service is very attentive, nice, but not overly friendly. 
My dining partner (a friend who was visiting from Cali) and I had a special appetizer, "Bang Bang Shrimp."  The size of the appetizer was just right, the flavor was POPPIN'! Loved them.
For dinner we split a "Large Seafood Platter..." Here's were things get tricky for me, because each individual item were fried very well.  Oysters were light and delicious.  Shrimp were well fried, fish was delicious, there was even some crawfish.  However, I think there were way to many fried onion rings.  Don't get my wrong, I like fried onions a lot... But they seemed a bit over cooked or as if the batter wasn't right for the onions, there was a lot of batter everywhere falling off the onions. Which was kind of disappointing.  But all the seafood was great.  I'll definitely go back for more items in the future.  I think it's a great place to bring out of town guest who want local cuisine that's not sooo Bourbon Street.Great food! Great music! Great ambience! Terrific service with a smile.
Thanks so much!I often passed this place when they were in Gentilly but it always looked fairly empty. Decided to order take out one night. Figured I would play it safe with a fried oyster ceaser salad. The salad was pretty good but was very over priced. I think someone actually counted the oysters on top..gave me like 6..not really much for a salad that costs well over 10 bucks. Most small po boys come with more than 6. Anywho..they have since moved to new location so I probably won't visit again.AMAZING food. great service. if you're looking for some gumbo, I would really recommend try it here.My husband and I came here after reading the other yelp reviews, and we were not disappointed! He had the herbed chicken and I had the catch of the day (black drum fish) grilled with yummy fresh jumbo lump crab on top! Beers were reasonably priced and there is a large cocktail menu. We were a little nervous driving here, some of the areas were a but downtrodden....but were pleasantly surprised with the restaurant! Very cozy and clean. Great staff and service! I would recommend and would definitely come back!!Gave this place another chance. Food was delicious..fish tacos OMG! Light on the salt this visit...The owner Alexis was very friendly too and remembered our faces...I will be going back...Neighborhood Gem...Great place for some casual eats. 
Nice clean, open atmosphere. Family stopped in for dinner. Gumbo is delicious, would definitely recommend. However their special soup of the day was the crawfish corn chowder. AMAZING! Too bad this isn't a permanent resident on the menu. Appetizer of nachos- delicious with a New Orleans twist. Shrimp boat sandwich exceeds expectation. Voo Doo burger was recommended and it was everything we hoped for- salty, sweet, and cooked perfectly. Service was good. Need to stop here if your looking for something a little different but still delicious.A great place to have a meal and a beverage! I had a wonderful experience and I will be backPorkchops yum! Wedge salad with rotisserie chicken...filling but won't be ordering it again. I'll try something else.What a great variety of authentic New Orleans cuisine! Every type of taste bud was activated and I fully appreciate that. Walked away satisfied with still some to take home. Cocktails were excellent. Service and atmosphere was relaxing. We didn't want to leave! This is my first Yelp review-- just had to write about The Munch Factory. Sleeping happy tonight! LolWhat an unexpected find last year. I was on my way to a Basketball Game at the Lakefront Arena. The UNO Men's Basketball Team was about to open their season. I wanted a place to grab some good food. I saw the Munch Factory and decided to give it a shot. I am glad I did! Since that night I have been back many times. I love to get the Roast Beef Nachos, Tuna Tacos and Back Yard Burgers. The Back Yard Burgers really taste like you are at a BBQ! Everything I have had over the past year has been great. The staff is super friendly, good parking and they keep your glass full.My husband & I ate here on a whim after getting to French Quarter Fest too late to really enjoy much of the food. This place completely satisfied all that we were looking for. We got the oyster boat & the bayou fries. At first we were a little skeptical of the higher price for these items, but once the food arrived, we totally understood why. The portions were large & we had plenty to take home. The roast beef debris & gravy on the thick cut fries was super flavorful, hitting on all the right tastebuds. Being a bit of fried oyster snobs, we could sincerely say that might've been the best oyster poboy we've had in the city in a long time. The chargrilled bread & housemade remoulade sauce took the poboy to a whole new level. We were way too stuffed to even attempt desert, but our waitress (who also happened to be the owner) gifted us a complementary piece of key lime pie. Once we got home & finally made some room to try it, it didn't disappoint & was the perfect ending to a perfect meal. We're locals & cant wait to get back to this place & try many more items on the pretty diverse menu.Really enjoyed ourselves here,the service was excellent....The food was very tasteful....a must stop. I suggest you try the fried salmon appetizer,....yep fried salmon yum yum!!!Great place that I cant wait to visit again. To be honest, the food was good, but not great. My husband and I both had gumbo and pasta (NOLA natives here, so we're super hard on gumbo). It was good, but not the best I've had. The friendly staff and great ambiance definitely made up for what the food lacked. My experience here was pleasant over all. Will dine again.Our server, Aleisha was personable and attentive. During the meal courses a young man assisted her, but unfortunately I didn't get his name..sorry Pensacola,Florida. He was just as attentive and personable as Aleisha. We had starters of Nola cakes and onion rings which both were great choices. My sister had awesome shrimp and grits while I enjoyed a backyard burger.
Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, and great food...we'll be back!! Oh, the homemade key lime pie closed my meal nicely.My dining companion and I stopped here on the way to a J.Cole concert. I forgot what he ordered and I think we skipped appetizers because we wanted to get to the concert at a decent time.
Anyways, I had the ribeye with Elysian peels (?). The aioli that accompanied the peels were a hit with me. I even dipped my ribeye in it. The ribeye was cooked and seasoned well.
The overall appearance of the restaurant is homey and the service was decent. We took tres leche cake to go and were very disappointed. It tasted like store bought dry cake with cool whip and some caramel drizzle.
I would revisit if I'm in the area. There's a handful of menu items I would love to try!The food here is Soo good!  And conveniently close to UNO. I ordered the fish sandwich with Elysian Fields potatoes skins- better then French fries!This fella has out done himself yet again. The food is excellent, always fresh. Recipes are on point. Today, we had the chicken tortilla soup, gumbo, blackened red fish with crabmeat, and a thick pork chop with 4 cheese baked macaroni that was slap ya momma suberb. If I could give 10 stars, I would give 20.Oh man the food here is fantastic. Next time I am in town I will visit again. Bread pudding was ridiculously rich and full of flavor. Also had the shrimp and grits.Really cool eating experience. Great place to bring friends or family for an awesome social experience. The food is tasty, local, and yet creative. The service was very attentive but not overbearing. Nice vibe. Nice decor. Nice taste of New Orleans. Whenever friends come to town, I will definitely show this place off.We had a delicious meal at 5 PM for lunch prices, after touring WWII Museum.  I had redfish with chopped salad, DH had the Munch burger with fresh cut fries.  Wow that's a great burger, very tender and tasty with a little chipotle aoli kick.  Service was very attentive and quick.Family  group came  here  for  brunch. Very good food.  Homemade  biscuits  and gravy delicious : gravy  was more  Cajun  than  traditional southern.  Potatoes  seasoned  perfectly.  Grits full flavored  and they didn't skimp. Drink refills prompt without  us  asking. Place  very  clean,  open, airy.  No clutter.  I would suggest expanding brunch menu slightly so people don't  need  to order  sides instead  of one  main  plate.I have had the pleasure of coming here several times now. First I want to say I'm thankful for a wonderful place to eat so close to home!
I have had had the steak and the pork chop which in my opinion were both great dishes to go with here. It's fresh, made to order and just plan wonderful. With mood lighting making everything seems all extra romantic too. 
Good off-street parking, minimal wait, helpful and efficient staff, great food. I mean you really can't go wrong here.
Great spot for dates and intimate dinners and small group experiences in my opinion.I went for a birthday dinner. Our waitress was awesome. Fun and funny. She was engaging and put on misic that we like. She even played Stevie wonder Happy Birthday for the birthday guy. The food was good. I'm the wings were really good. A person got them fried hard. I was able to taste one. The sauce was not salty, which was great. I had the Bayou Nachos. It comes with roast beef on the top. The beef was tender. I got my nachos extra wet (that's how the waitress said it). I was slightly disappointed I could not get the special because I could not sub out the mash. My husband had the salmon and grits. He really liked them. It wasn't as good as Mr. Bs but that's his favorite. I had the crispy chicken Ceaser salad. It was really good. Rxcellent dressing. It's the dressing that has the tange. Not cheap store brought dressing. I didn't eat much of it because I was full from the nachos. The atmosphere is nice and New Orleans with pictures of Mardi Gras Indians. A full bar. Nice and clean bathroom. This is not an upscale restaurant  but it is nice and you can tell it is treated with care. I hope they keep up the new location. Great staff and authentic food.The food was pretty good, but I have to knock them a couple stars for the service. I was in a party of 5 and despite seeing several empty tables upon arrival (7:30 on a Friday evening), I was told it would be a 45 minute  wait. I was waiting for the rest of my party to arrive, so I grabbed a seat at the bar instead of making a fuss. However, once the rest of my party arrived, it took a lot of convincing to get the staff to move one table next to another so we could sit. It didn't seem to matter though as we waiting a long time for our drink order to be taken and then even longer for our food to arrive. I think we were seated around 8:00 and didn't leave until 10, not because we had several rounds drinks, but because the service was so slow. 
They also do the thing where they add gratuity for parties of 5 or more AND separate checks.Great food and service. A must when visiting New Orleans!  Could have stayed for hours!! Shrimp and grits plus the Shrimp Remoulade were a wonderful way to start off our Sunday!!When Shercole suggested this place, I was intrigued. One of my family names is Munch and some of them do still live in Gentilly...of course, I think this place is more about the verb than the family name.
I enjoyed that the menu was a bit more varied than standard fried seafood. I loved the tuna tacos and the fish was really fresh and yummy. My shrimp boat was OK; the shrimp were delicious and perfectly cooked but there was too much bread and it was kind of hard so difficult to eat.  
Our server was attentive and refills on ice tea and water happened quickly, which is a big deal considering they were slammed the night I was there.
My only complaint was that the restaurant needs a better exhaust system. I ended up smelling like fried seafood after I left.This place is awesome! From the music, art, decor, service and of course the food! A+!! Visiting NOLA for the weekend and stumbled on this spot. It was the best food, by far, of the whole trip. It was so good that we went two days in a row for lunch then brunch. Between the 2 days our group had the Shrimp remoulade over fried green tomatoes (awesome), crab cakes, yummy gumbo, Crab cake benedict (best hollandaise sauce ever!), giant ham/spinach omelette, best grits I've ever tried, ribeye steak & eggs with potatoes (steak literally melts in your mouth and super flavorful and juicy). When I come to New Orleans again this will definitley be the first place I come back to. Also, cool art on the walls by ayo scott, Im ordering some prints online for my house. Great experience overall!Delicious.  Went last night before the Hornets game and had shrimp and grits.  Was more BBQ Shrimp on grits but still delicious.  Buffalo oyster app was good but could've used more HEAT! Buddy's porkchop was great even if yummy stuffed pepper was a little over salted.  Great staff! Wanna go back Mon-Fri for specials!I love this place and everything on the menu.  You must try the Oysters and the crab and corn bisque!Food was seasoned very well and great service I had gumbo, and ribs w/spaghetti salad.The food is amazing here. Everything I've tried has been great and they have a lot of variety on their menu. Service is always great too. Nice addition to Magazine Street!How much can I love this place? Everything you want is right here, with the best service you could possibly want. This is good New Orleans food. Just get a bunch of plates and pass them around. Where else do you get to talk about everything with the owner? Right here. Love this place!Affordable, good food. Bayou fries show that Cheese fries do not have to be messy slop tossed on a bed of french fries. They were delicious. Roast beef, cheese, and hand cut fries. Nice portion. 
Chicken entree included three delicious potato, cream, tasso croquettes and green beans sauteed in garlic. At $17, the plating made little sense, it left something to be desired. Some of the green beans were undercooked, restaurant was not busy. However, the chicken had a nice, subtle light herb gravy. Cooked well, and lightly breaded to develop a light crisp. I think the chicken was sauteed then flashed in the oven. I expected breast but was left with two underwhelming leg/thigh quarters if I am not mistaken. Rather pricy for what you are getting.
Overall, solid experience. Good service. Will return. Hope the restaurant gets more business.The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgable of all menu items. Honestly I felt that the atmosphere was lacking. Sadly I meal took about 45-60 to come out and the manager was more than happy to comp us a desert and apologize for the issue which honestly there was none our waitress kept me and my party completely entertained. Overall my experience was great I plan on visiting again. The munch factory would be a great first or casual date place.Upon my sister's recommendation I tried Munch Factory and found it to only be average. I found the food to be overpriced for it's quality. The owners are fantastic and the environment is quite nice but the meal experience did not live up to the hype.We met friends at The Munch Factory for brunch after church.  This place was a wonderful recommendation.  I loved the food and the service.  They also had unlimited Mimosas!  I definitely recommend you check it out.Expected more from the location. The service was terrible and the food was not the best. The server forgot about one of our appetizers and only remembered when we asked, at which point it was too late. Wish I had not wasted a visit here since I am in town for a few days.To be honest, all we had was the peach Bellini & the second line punch but the vibe, staff, and drinks were all top notch!Came down from san diego and somehow found my way to this place. Lucky me! I ordered the bayou fries and the shrimp and grits. I had no idea what I was getting myself into. The bayou fries were out of this world!!! Then my shrimp and grits wow. In California they charge twice as much and you'd get a quarter of the shrimp. I was happily surprised and very glad I ventured out of the usual tourist land of the quarter.Food:delicious! What a great friendly place. Come see Alexis and order a second line punch, then try the crawfish and corn chowder. Proceed to get your whole life with the food at this place.This place NEVER disappoints!!! I love the atmosphere, friendly staff, and most of all the food is delicious! I really feel like I'm part of the family here!!! That's the New Orleans charm tourists and local alike should have!! Hands down, this is the best place ever!!!Came here for dinner and the host was not amused when he saw us walk in at 9:50pm. No reservation and was able to get seated right away. 
The waitress was very friendly and informative, the manager was such a character (in a good way) we loved her. She showed us how to get good photos of our food in dim lighting which she learned from someone else. And the food was good. It was a nice atmosphere.
For appetisers our waitress recommended the Lower Garden District Fries which were bomb. The chef didn't think we got our order so he sent out a second one by mistake. If we hadn't ordered our entrees we would have taken the second one. So good.
I had the Shrimp and Grits which was good. I'm not sure if something was missing from the sauce itself but the shrimp tasted really good and the garlic bread dipped in the sauce was really good but the sauce and the grits tasted a little flavorless.
My sister had the Thick Cut Pork Chop which she said was good just needed a little more salt. My brother in law had the Fried Herb Chicken which he said was good and my boyfriend had the Blackened Fish which he enjoyed.
I would come back here again if I visit New Orleans but maybe at an earlier time when the chefs are tired from a days work lol.Dope. Shrimp and grits were beyond. Gumbo was superior (topped only by my Baton Rouge grandma's). I also sampled, and enjoyed, the green beans. Most importantly, amazingly kind and friendly staff. Our party stayed well past closing time and they turned the music up for us and we had a mini dance party. Bar selection was limited, but the food more than made up for it. 
One of the best decisions of my trip.Good food, warm, friendly, service, lovely atmosphere.  A positive addition to the neighborhood.Bright airy contemporary restaurant with a nice selection of food. The waitstaff is very welcoming. You rarely come across people that wants to just make sure you are having a great dining experience but this place is one. I had fries topped with cheese and the most amazing gravy you've ever had! When I tell you mouth watering, I'm not doing it justice. Make it a point to go there if you are in New Orleans near the Garden District!Bayou Nachos were yum and the oysters were tasty! However, I've had better service here in the past. The servers need to be more attentive. Sub par service tainted my overall experience this evening.Sometimes Yelp reviews lead me to gems and sometimes to duds,  this one is a dud. After seeing how high The Munch Factory has gone on our board due to soaring reviews I called my parents who live in the area and we went for dinner. This was a huge mistake. There were no specials like most restaurants in this class and the few entrees they did have were not to the liking of my old fashioned parents who prefer traditional New Orleans fare. We assumed that this was going to be a similar experience to Neyows on Jeff Davis. Neyows features contemporary and traditional creole soul food which was what I was expecting here and that was not the case. No charbroiled oysters either which was another disappointment. 
Seeing nothing on the limited entree menu my parents ordered oyster poboys with fries and I ordered the gumbo. The poboys were on some sort of bun instead of french bread which I couldn't understand and the oysters themselves were just ok. They had some house made fries that were not only overcooked but in grease that hadn't been changed in a while because they had a pungent aftertaste. They brought out some potato wedges to make up for it but they had the same grease problem which left my stomach aching as I sampled them.
My gumbo seemed to be old as it was very dark and the ingredients did not seem fresh either. Doesn't seem like they serve much gumbo here which is surprising for whats supposed to be a creole restaurant. There was a lot of ingredients but no crab, a lot of cheap sausage and one piece of shrimp. 
To make matters worse two oyster poboys with fries and a bowl of gumbo ended up being a $60 bill with tip. You can bet I will probably never be back here. I normally side with my fellow yelpers on reviews but this one I have to go the opposite direction. One of the worst feelings in the world is to be full of a meal you did not like. Thats where blue bell ice cream at home helps clean the pallet.This place was awesome great food and drinks!! The Shrimp and grits was my favorite!! The staff was nice and friendly and accommodated my friends and family for my brother's graduation!! Even helped us get some good family photos. It's a definite go to spot in my book!!!Disappointed. The service was really good, but the food was just ok. There was a leak in the restroom ceiling and a bucket on the floor to catch the water, but it was not working out very well. There was nothing special about this place, and I was mad that we listened to the Lyft driver who recommended it.Great location to go because you don't have to make a reservation on a busy brunch Sunday. I enjoyed my food but the bottomless mimosas was mostly juice and they made us pay extra for more champagne.You would never guess from the outside, but this restaurant is amazing. The decor is charming, the staff incredibly nice, and the food was by far the best I've had in the area. I highly recommend the herb chicken and finish off with the best bread pudding in town.  Definitely one of New Orleans' gems.The food was so delicious. I had the shrimp and grits and "The Munch Factory" didn't disappoint.Came here for a business meeting. Restaurant itself was at nearly full capacity at 11 am on Friday. Because of its size, there was no wait. We were promptly seated and had a great view of the street. 
Server immediately came and got our drink order. I decided to check out their homemade lemonade and ordered the Buffalo oysters. We settled on the munch bowl and shrimp and grits (We were both craving grits.)
And it was the perfect choice! Tons of food- filled with flavor and deliciousness. Both of us had plenty of leftovers. 
Will definitely be back.3.5/5 allow yourself time
yummy food, i mean stick to your gut food, i mean you ordered a pasta dish with cream and chicken strips in it food. you down? obvs!
it's a cute spot, and sometimes you'll find only a few folks in there. the kitchen can move slowly at times, so i wouldn't come here if i was trying to catch a movie after, for example. besides, i'm not sure if i'd stay awake because i am always stuffed with all the goodness when i come here. the servers are always friendly and the portions are filling. 
i'm selfishly glad that this is now in the LGD, because previously i'd just had the food at events. they are good community folks and if you're in the area and seeking some feelings on a plate, here you go.Holy cow.  This place is great. I have always avoided it, maybe just because of the name.  I think I thought it was just sandwiches and stuff.  It is much more than that.  
The greens on the Hawaiian tuna salad were incredibly varied and fresh.  This kind of dressing is always a little sweet for me, so I just ordered a couple of lime slices to cut it, it was perfect. The tuna slices could not have been any better. They were perfectly done. Avocados were ripe and soft. Wonton also textbook.  
If you like french fries at all, you really need to try the Elysian Peels. Omg. Definitely get the truffle oil and Parmesan, it's just an extra $2. They are thicker than house chips, but thinner than potato wedges.  Crunchy, soft, and very very garlicky all at the same time. I will get them every time I'm here.  
Don't let the lame name fool you.  The Munch Factory knows their stuff.I wanted to love this place so much because it's steps from the apartment. It was pretty dead for a Friday night which was nice because we were seated right away. My boyfriend and I ordered one cocktail, one beer, shrimp & grits and the redfish. The drinks took a really long time and once my cocktail was done, the server first delivered it to the wrong party. When it was sent back the server picked it up and brought it over to our table. When I tasted it, it was so disgusting and definitely not what I ordered so I told another server that i think they got it wrong. She told me she would take it throw some mango in it but I decided to just have water at that point. The shrimp & grits were PERFECT - like the best I've had, I was very impressed. My boyfriends dish though was so shockingly salty, that a guy who will pretty much eat anything pushed his food around while stealing bites of mine. I offered to send it back but he is way too sweet and felt bad because they were closing. It tasted like the chef had tripled the correct amount of salt and then added another 1/2 cup to taste. I ended up mentioning it to the server despite my bf's protests because it was bad. The two stars are for the shrimp & grits bc they were phenomenal but the mediocre service and severely oversalted dish kept Munch from getting any more stars.Have been here twice and both times have been blown away.  the food is amazing!  First I got the shrimp and grits... now I don't really like grits but I ate every last bit it was that good!  Then, most recently, I went on a Tuesday and got the short ribs and all I can really say is Get the Short Ribs!!!!This was hands down the best meal I've had in as long as I can remember. The service was excellent, and I cannot say enough good things. I am SO glad this place was recommended by someone who lives here because prior to finding this gem I'd had terrible luck finding all this delicious food I'd heard so much about. 
I ordered the shrimp remoulade and the shrimp boat - basically a fancypants po boy, and subbed the shoestring fries for the best grits I've ever had in my life. I devoured the shrimp remoulade, which was three fried green tomatoes, each topped with two giant boiled shrimp and drizzled with a sauce that make me get emotional if I think about it for too long. So, so good.
The shrimp boat was mindblowingly amazing. I mean the shrimp were much bigger than I expected, lightly fried, and on a giant grilled French roll. The grits were so good they make you wanna slap yo' mama. I cannot say enough good things, I really can't. Alexis was my server and I'm pretty sure if I lived in NOLA we'd be friends.Good food.  Very friendly staff.  Nice atmosphere.
Prices are lunch were on the high side.
But damn...those BBQ shrimp were good.Food was okay the price didn't reflect the quality and quantity. If you want great food at good prices this isn't the place. Really good service though.I visited tonight, Wed., March 5, 2014 at 6:00 p.m. and the service was extremely slow.  It took a very long time to have water replenished and my gumbo was all sausage with only one shrimp, as opposed to my table mate's gumbo which was full of oyster, shrimp, crab and other tasty looking items. I was not impressed. I'm hoping for an improvement upon my next visit.Mardi Gras Weekend 2018.  My family and I dined there both Friday and Saturday afternoons. We stayed in an apt around the corner so this was a convenient option, but I would drive across town to dine here. Loved it, loved it, loved it.  
Mid afternoon Fri, great options on the 10-for $10 menu. My husband loved the Caribbean nachos. My son is a fried catfish aficionado and gave it 2 thumbs up. 
I couldn't break with my fried oyster po-boy tradition. (They call it the Fried Oyster "Boat".). It's a very generous portion, enough to split for 2 normal appetites; I didn't split it.  These fried oysters were the best I've ever had! Delicate breading just enough for you to know it was there and fried enough to make it crisp and cook the oyster tender. If you've had fried oysters, you know that's a very precious balance! Chef had mastered that balance. 
Visit #2. Saturday after the parades. They were visibly short handed front of the house. Service would have been better if everyone had shown up for work. However, when the front of house service is busting tail and the food served is still exceptional, I'll give it a pass.  I had the shrimp & grits and they were amazing! Creamy, creamy grits with an amazing Worcestershire reduction for the shrimp. The grilled shrimp were just a touch overdone for my taste, but definitely not enough to raise a fuss about. The kids stuck with the fried catfish and were very happy.  I'd give a review of the catfish, but they wouldn't share. That should tell you something. 
Overall, if you want a non-touristy dining experience with awesome food, hit the Munch Factory. I'll make a point to go back on my next trip to NOLA.9 of us stopped in here for a casual dinner during JazzFest. No beer on tap, but they did have a limited selection of bottles. I had the blackened drum which I enjoyed. My wife liked the shrimp and grits, and overall everyone was happy their meal.
This is clearly a family run place and this was to us a large part of the charm of eating here.  The entire family seemed to be involved in the operation including their sweet young children. Everyone was smiling and really enjoying the opportunity to show you a nice time. 
We will definitely be back, and I have this sense that while the food was certainly very good, it will get even better with time and experience!One of my new favorite spots! We came here for dinner after a disastrous visit to Deanie's Seafood off Magazine st, and we were not disappointed.  The food and the service was amazing! The manager made sure we had a great experience, and we really appreciated that. I can't wait to go back and try more food!I liked the décor in the restaurant and the music. However, I was with a party of 4 at lunch today and due to the crowd there, we were separated by tables. It took 1 hr to receive the food after ordering it. My separated party never received their food prior to us having to leave to return to work. The owner apologized and kept her smile. What she failed to do was to offer free meals. After we brought it to her attention, she did agree to void the bill.  Although it was a very nice gesture, she should have thought of that prior to charging the bill.  It's just good customer service to notice when customers don't get served in a timely manner and to offer either a discount or free meal. I'm from out of town and will probably not be back, however, it would have been nice to try and keep me as a repeat customer.Stopped by this place while visiting the neighborhood and was very happy. The food was fresh and delicious. The waitress was great and kept our drinks and water full the whole time. I don't eat seafood, and even I was a fan of the salmon appetizer!We've been eating there for years. Exceptional service and great food. We've never had a bad dining experience there. They're also extremely kid friendly. I highly recommend eating your way through the menu as we have. You won't be disappointed.Worst experience I've had since moving to New Orleans. The servers were nice however the rest wasn't. It took over two hours for our LUNCH to be finished. We had to add money to the parking meter it took so long. Sitting there for over two hours, we only saw our server maybe four or five times. Our drinks were empty pretty much the entire time, we were basically ignored. For the kitchen to lose our ticket, it's crazy we were ignored. I get places have off days but parties who arrived well after us were getting entrees before we received appetizers. Also the manager was really rude that we were upset about the gratuity on our bill being added AFTER tax was added. 
After our food order was lost, the server told us our first round of drinks would be comped. We got our bills, one friend's $2.50 Diet Coke wasn't comped!
We sat at our table for 10-15 mins before a server came over. Took another 10 to get our drinks and still didn't get water. We placed our order and waited. Took about 20 mins for a server to come over while we tried to get anyone's attention. Ran out of our drinks, still no water. Server told us the kitchen lost our ticket. You'd think we'd get our food right away. No. Took another 20. Food wasn't even good. Also, they placed gratuity on our tax! That is NOT OKAY worst experience I've had in New Orleans ever.Well first of all they charge gratuity even for just one person automatically no matter what. Secondly they charge gratuity AFTER tax. 
Most importantly they had horrible service and didnt have even our apps out after an hour of waiting. 
They weren't even busy. 
F them.Lovely place! With great food and the absolute best customer service you will find. There are great vegetarian options too!First time here and ventured on down since it was close to the B&B where I was staying.  Was glad to find this place since several of my other restaurant experiences earlier during NOLA trip were underwhelming.  Not this place.  OMG this place was fantastic. 
I had the pork chop with mac and cheese casserole. OMG again. Absolutely wonderful.  Everyone in my party also loved what they ordered. 
Finally the mixed drink prices were really good. Very delicious and excellent value. I can't wait to come back.My favorite spot to eat in the city (and its in my neighborhood). The lunch menu is incredible (love the burger twins) for dinner.. you really cant go wrong, but shrimp and grits on the Fines Herb Chichken will leave you satisfied. (the large Mardi Gras Indian Chief Paited by local artist Ayo Scott really sets off the atmosphere. )We stumbled upon this restaurant by accident....and the experience was AMAZING. The food was beyond words and the service was superb. Highly recommend!First time visitors from Massachusetts and this was our first bite to eat in New Orleans. The waitress we had was so nice, although her name escapes us, she gave us a lot of suggestions on other places we could visit while in town. The food was yummy, and service was fast. We just got a bunch of appetizers, and we definitely recommend the Salmon bites.Great place to get a burger...specifically the voodoo burger. I had an amazing waiter- ask for Jay. He was always checking in to make sure our food was up to our standard and service was speedy. Will definitely come back for the shrimp and grits!I stopped into The Munch Factory for brunch today after hearing my friends rave about it for months. My first choice on the menu would have been the crab cake benedict, but they were unable to substitute the French bread for biscuits. Instead, I ordered the breakfast burger, which was great - their medium rare was perfect, and the fries were nice and crispy. I'd definitely like to try out other menus for dinner and lunch and see if something strikes my fancy even more than the brunch options. 3 stars because even though the burger was great, I don't think it was worth the price tag.If you've known me for a minute, you know I love Shrimp N Grits. I've ordered them all over the south from Charleston to Austin, and everywhere in between. These folks have my new favorite iteration. The sauce is a dark Worcestershire reduction, the grits are herby and flavorful and the shrimp are tender.  perfect. 
Stopped in for a late lunch and enjoyed a well-made margarita and a delicious meal.Meh, I wasn't impressed. I'd give it 2.5 stars. The food wasn't bad but nothing really stood out to me. The gumbo was a tad too salty, the buffalo oysters were just ok. Sadly, the best thing was the chopped side salad. But priced at over $6 it just wasn't worth it.
The service was not that great. There were only two servers in the entire restaurant and one doubled as a host. No one checked to see how the food was and had to ask for a refill. I'm sure I won't be going back.I have to agree with a previous reviewer, I may give too many 5 star reviews but there was very little that wasn't spot on about The Munch Factory. I had the fried green tomatoes and shrimp remoulade. I've had fried green tomatoes before but didn't really know what the fuss was all about. Now I do! The tomatoes were tangy like they had been marinated in something and crispy fried with a tasty remoulade tossed shrimp. Loved the whole thing! Then had the oyster po'boy. I don't have oysters very often but these made me want to get them more, much more. I basically ate the oysters off the sandwich because I just don't get filling yourself up with bread. BUT the big highlight for me was the side of grits instead of fries. OMG!  I love grits and only get them when I'm in the South. These were flavorful without being too cheesy which I hate. I almost asked for some to go they were so good. Then because I had to wait for a cab, I got the bread pudding which was ok but the Carmel sauce it sat in?  To die for!  Ask for extra Carmel sauce with the bread pudding you'll thank me.The location is right off Elysian Fields.  The interior is very cozy and dare I say romantic.  The service was delightful and the food was very good.  Highly recommend the Buffalo Oyster app and the redfish.  The Fines Chicken was good, but they could work on the green beans on the side.The place, the people and of course the food is amazing. Went with my brother in law while in town for a wedding. We shared the fried seafood platter for lunch. 
I mean... good restaurants in New Orleans are the standard, and even among them Munch Factory is raising the bar. It is on my list of MUSTS every time in the City.If you should happen to be there on a day when Chef has prepared special BBQ gulf shrimp, just say "yes."  They were the best shrimp I have ever had in my 53 years on this planet --- tender, fresh and bursting with  flavor.  Chef used a generous amount of heaven-on-earth seasoning that did not overpower the shrimp! He left the heads and tails on and I finally understand eating eyeballs. I licked and sucked the hard pieces of shells that I could not eat, then licked and sucked my fingers and refused to wash my hands.  If I lived in NOLA, there's no telling what I'd do for more of those shrimp which were served with plain toasted bread, useful for mopping sauce. I ordered it with a side of their herb-infused grits which were also fantastic. 
If I forgot to mention the gumbo which was terrific or the bread pudding which was a bit too sweet but still divine, it's because those shrimp keep playing in my head. 
We went back a couple of days later and had crab cakes which were a bit too salty but full of delicious flavor. My main dish of shrimp and grits was mighty good as were the beignets. 
A final note on the fantastically warm and gracious service both times that we ate at the Munch Factory (different waiters). We felt very comfortable there. 
If I get my way when we return to NOLA,  we will go right to the Munch factory after landing.Went for New Years eve dinner. Nice little place tucked away out of the busy tourist areas. Very very good food and excellent service.Smh I ordered the seared ahi tuna salad to go one night and it was the absolute worst. The tuna wasn't fresh AT ALL!!! The smell was so unbelievably fishy, it was impossible to eat. I tried calling back to return, but they were closed and no one answered the phone. I would have saved it and brought it back the next day; but the smell of rotten fish in my refrigerator was a smell I didn't want trapped inside...regardless of how much Arm & Hammer I had handy. Never again...not anything! Not a chicken wing; not a french fry; not a salad; and definitely not another seafood selection. The Munch Factory needs to tighten up on Food Safety ASAP!!! Where's the health inspectors when you need 'em?!I appreciate new twists on classic recipes, but the shrimp and grits were very disappointing.  The sauce was drowning the shrimp and the taste of Worcestershire was way too strong.  Liked the sauce served on the asparagus side dish, but the asparagus was overcooked.  Won't be going back.We were headed to a play on the UNO campus and had about an hour to catch a bite before curtain call when my sharp-eyed partner noticed this place across the street from all the fast food joints we had almost resigned ourselves to visiting.
Munch factory? Never heard of it- but it's got to be better than generic soggy burgers or the same old fried chicken again, right?
OMG...right is right! The food here was amazing. Obviously pricier than fast food would have been, but well worth the cost. We shared the tuna tacos appetizer, a Gentilly chicken salad and a side of three-cheese macaroni and cheese.
The tuna tacos were like sushi or ceviche in a crunchy little shell- spiced just right to create an oh-so-yummy blend of textures and tastes. It isn't a full meal- it's an appetizer- and as such, it's just the right amount to whet the appetite (4 little mini tacos worth)
The Gentilly salad was great- we opted for grilled chicken instead of fried, but I think it would be good the other way, too. Large salad, more than enough for a meal, and plenty of stuff in it to give a good layering of tastes in each bite.
The mac and cheese- I just may have a new favorite mac and cheese now. (and this may be the impetus for me to create a "Best mac and cheese in Nola" list to compile all the good ones we've had)
They use thin spaghetti noodles instead of the regular macaroni noodles ( so it's technically spaghetti and three cheeses) but it really works with the creamy cheeses mixed in there. The top is covered in a layer of cheese and the whole thing is baked? broiled?- whatever makes a bubbly cheese crust on top. There's also an infusion of garlic that makes this side dish pretty much irresistible (one of those "I shouldn't have another bite but I *just can't help myself*" dishes.) 
The service was great at Munch Factory- the waitstaff was attentive and friendly. Everything came out quickly and they handled drink refills efficiently. 
While we were there sans kiddo, the place seemed quite kid friendly- a few families were there with little ones and the staff was accommodating to the parents. I'd definitely feel comfortable coming back with the munchkin in the future.
We didn't have time to try the desserts (curtain call was calling us), but the great experience this go-round convinced me that we'll have to come back...so maybe next time :)My visit to the Munch Factory was horrendous! Unlike any of my other visits. Everyone there is usually amazing! Myself and four of my counterparts went in on a Friday evening after work. It has always been one of my favorite lunch spots in which during lunch I've always received superb service rather busy or not! But on this particular visit there was absolutely no excuse for the deplorable service we received from our server whose name was (Taletha) per the receipt.Her willingness to assist us on down to her attitude was unacceptable! Don't know if she was having a bad day or not but there is absolutely no excuse for the poor service we received on this visit. In which 9 out of 10 will be my last visit. The food there is good we did enjoy that part. I mean from the time she greeted us by saying My name is(Telly) I'll be taking care of you today she was just so Blah!!! About everything thing we asked questions about some of the items on the menu she seemed as if we were annoying her! Even on down to her bringing out our dishes. Oh! Let me not leave out the fact that she tried to up sell how dare you make an attempt to up sell and you're hospitality sucks!!! Only time this young woman smiled is when she dropped off our check! I'm saying all of these things to say if you're a regular such as myself or a new patron of this establishment don't expect to receive southern hospitality especially from this particular server. All in all i just wish that this visit could have been a better first visit for my counterparts and I. As we were attempting to host a large upcoming event with the Munch Factory in mind.Came in for a late lunch. Actually stumbled on this place by searching it up on yelp. SO SATISFIED WITH THIS CHOICE. The server was very nice, informative, and helpful. Plenty of seating. It was raining outside and it was warm and cozy inside which was appreciated. 
Ordered a range of things and were so happy with what we got. buffalo oysters, cheese fries, bayou nachos, shrimp remoulade, and the shrimp boats (Po Boy sandwiches) and gumbo soup bowl. FOR SURE WOULD COME BACK HERE. Food comes out fast too so it's great when you stumble in super hungry.Come to this place hungry!!!
We have been to this place three times and have left with a few boxes of leftovers each time - and not because we over-ordered. The portions are huge!
We enjoyed the wings and the mac & cheese the most, but everything on the menu looked fabulous. The flatbread appetizers were also a good choice.
The service was a little slow, which is the only reason I shorted them a star, but the relaxed atmosphere and delicious food were a good reason to visit.
Oh, by the way....they deliver phone orders to places nearby!Be prepared for the FINE PRINT...
I was here visiting my family from the Bay Area in California. We were looking for something local; possibly family-owned as we like to support small restaurants. We had no reservation; but were seated quickly and the servers were quite cordial. My boyfriend ordered the Fines Herb Chicken, it was ok - a little over cooked and I ordered the Blacken Redfish also a bit overdone. My cousin, who we were visiting ordered the fried green tomatoes, had a couple bowls of gumbo along with a to go meal for her boyfriend who could not join us. I was satisfied with my meal -a bit pricey; but I was on vacation so happy to splurge for quality.
We added dessert to go and asked for our check - NO problem - we knew our meal would be well over $100 (almost $200 actually)- hell mine dish alone was $40! So needless to say when the bill came and they AUTOMATICALLY added the gratuity when there was only 3 of us, I was in shock! We looked back at the menu (we'd been picking things off it to try) curious as to WHY the hell would you add a gratuity to 3 people for a simple meal?? There it was in FINE PRINT [We automatically add Gratuity to parties of (whatever the number was) and meals over $100] WHAT?? Seriously!! HOW RUDE and disrespectful to your patrons to add the gratuity! Respect: I'm certain the staff have been stiffed in the past, I'm sorry to hear that. I bartend and serve in the Bay Area part-time and of course I have been stiffed or given a poor tip; but I still have such low regard for restaurants that do this. I was left with this curdling bad taste in my mouth the rest of the night! It is unfortunate that restaurants feel they must do this to their patrons rather than pay a decent wage (speculation of course). I tip well (I'd have actually given more in cash)- unless service is dreadful and lazy - even then, I realize this is how a living is made and tip reasonably.  I was also frustrated to see that the tip was OVER 20% -- How dare you! I visit my cousin quite often and I can say, I will not return here for that reason alone and have stopped going to spots in the Bay Area that "assume" gratuity as well. Unfortunate.The food was good but way over priced. Especially on their tiny salads.  The facelift on the place was okay but you can still see wires everywhere. Need to price check themselves.Stopped here for lunch when we arrived earlier in New Orleans for a flight. The Shrimp Boat with Elysian peels was an amazing Po Boy. The bread had just the right crumb for its purpose. My wife picked the catch of the day which the waitress recommend broiled. The fish was incredible especially the sauce. Would definitely recommendThis place gets 5 stars for the food and the service!!!!
Stopped by to meet some friends for drinks across the street at Blue Moon and had to grab a bite to eat. 
We tried the chicken wings (my friend's favorite), also tried the soup of the day. It was a nice crawfish and corn soup with grilled bread. The consistency was PERFECT! Good flavor and just enough seasoning. My husband had the cheese fries and surprise surprise they were covered with bacon! Bacon makes everything better!!! 
The wait staff was very courteous and served us with excellent service! Definitely will be back to try more from the menu!Best Gumbo Ever! If you get a cup, you'll wish you got the bowl. Ridiculously delicious! The owner is the Chef, his food is his craft and you can tell he cares. Always stopping in when we're back in the Big Easy.I had the best bread pudding I've ever tasted. The steak was too salty but it was balanced out by the green beans and mashed potatoes. I also had the fried oysters and their buffalo sauce was super delicious. Parking was easy and there was no wait time at all when we came in at around 6 on a Friday.Amazingly delicious food: gumbo and salmon are phenomenal. Incredibly nice staff: the owner, Alexis, waited on our group with a smile!  Definitely a must visit in NOLA!So disappointed.  
I recently moved to the neighborhood and read reviews here and was looking forward to being a regular patron. 
Location: great.  Patrons: great, a nice diverse mix.  Ambience: fine.  Service: ok, but more on that.  Drinks and food: so not worth it.
The drinks were awful.  I drink a lot of cocktails across New Orleans and I know good from bad, and these were bad.  We ordered two different ones and they both tasted like all the juice from stale from a can, a simple syrup with corn syrup instead of sugar, the cheapest liquors, etc.  Just really gross.  
The food was meh.  Definitely not impressed and definitely not worth the price.
The service was hit-or-miss.  The young woman who seated us was professional and friendly and timely.  When she was occupied there was a young man who kept an eye on us and paid attention to when we wanted something.  Then there was another woman who kept coming to our table and asking how things were.  We did NOT want to be interrupted, and it was rude.  Plus, it's not MY job to make you feel better about your mediocre food, and I didn't appreciate the frequent disruptions to ask something that I didn't want to talk about.  It was edible, but I wasn't there to critique the kitchen, I was there to have a serious conversation with someone.  The appropriate way to be a server, especially when it's clear that you keep annoying patrons, is to be present without being intrusive.  Pay attention well enough to see what is needed and to be able to be alerted to anything, but don't ask me six times how every single item is.  
I will not be returning.  And I'm annoyed at how much I paid for a mediocre meal with bad drinks and annoying service.I love the cocktails they were on point. I had the Drunken Arnie. The buffalo oyster appetizer was fried perfectly and the shrimp on baguette I'm tearing it up as a write!This was amazing! Even better, it's in my hood :)  I cant wait to try more on the menu. First meal: braised oxtails over grits, with smothered kale. Check it out!The taste combinations are brilliant!!  Chef Jordan's home made Buffalo sauce is like crack!  I can put it on EVERYTHING!  The service is also excellent and always so friendly.  It truly feels like you're eating with family EXCEPT the food is wayyyy better than anything I can cook at home.  A superb culinary experience located within a mile of my home.  Who could ask for more?  #GemOfGentillyShort and simple, I was visiting NOLA for 5 days and this was by far my favorite fried chicken spot. Those wings and the sauces together managed to heal my hungover soul.Best dinner we had in New Orleans. Fresh and delicious. Very kind staff. We got the salad and pork chop. The sides were delicious too. A unique dining experience.Best meal we had during this year's Essence Festival. Food had flavor and wasn't just fried or overly sugary. Also outside the usual tourist trap area of Canal. Wish we could've found more places to eat like this!Outstanding! This was our first meal in New Orleans and everything we ordered was amazing! The garlic mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, tuna salad and the burger i had was easily in the top 2 of burgers i have ever had, maybe the best. Staff was extremely friendly. Highly recommend.Arrived on a wednesday around 3 with one other table actually having a meal, no complaint there. Greeted and seated in a timely manner. Noticed staff cleaning as they had the down time to do so. Appetizers, buffalo wings & crab cakes were pretty good. I had the crawfish grilled cheese which was quite delicious. It also came with a mound of fries that were slightly seasoned. The gumbo was good. It had an earthy flavor and a healthy blend and balance of incrediants. All in all it was a good stop. The staff was attentive, even if we were the only ones in there. 
Stop by a grab some grub!Every dish we tried was amazing!  We ordered appetizers as our late lunch.  Crab cakes, crunchy shrimp tacos, and fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade.  The food was amazing and the atmosphere was low key and relaxing!I really wanted to like this place, I mean I am 7 months pregnant and pretty easy to please, but within 15 seconds of walking in, I was disappointed. It took about a minute for anyone to acknowledge us while my husband and I waited at the hostess stand looking dopey. I know the staff was occupied, but a couple of them even looked at us, and just kinda stared at each other like "who's gonna get these guys?" Even just a quick "hey guys, we'll be right with you"would have gone a long way. After about 10 minutes of sitting there a server finally came over and took our drink and food order. We waited 25 minutes for our food and nobody checked on us once within that time. My burger was on the dry side, and overwhelmed by the also dry bun. The side salad I paid $2 extra for, while tasty, was hastily put together and disappointingly small. I had to ask for a refill on my beverage. All in all I was incredibly underwhelmed, did not feel valued as a customer, and my basic expectations were not met.A little slow on the bringing out the food, but the wait was well worth it. I got the pork chop, my buddies for the Burger & the other the Ribs. All were amazing but that Pork Chop was to DIE FOR!!!Service was great, my server was very friendly and great at explaining menu items and making sure we were having a good time. However none of the food left a positive memory. The friend chicken sandwich was pretty bland and stringy, and the fries substitute was basically potato wedges, while described as a chip-wedge mix, and was mostly disappointing. All-in-all, the price was not worth the experience.Absolutely phenomenal restaurant. Hands down the best meal I've had in a hot minute, I could kiss the chef. We had unparalleled service from the entire staff and owner as well. Every staff member had time to converse thoroughly and still be incredibly efficient. I would highly recommend this to anyone who even thinks about passing through the state. The "kitchen sink" will change your life forever.This place was fantastic!  My husband had 2 appetizers for his main course, the  crabcakes and ahi tacos.  He let me taste them, and they were perfectly flavored.   I chose the Shrimp and Grits.  I was actually skeptical, because I had never had grits!   Well, I am glad I chose this.  The shrimp cooked in a Worcester reduction over creamy (not mushy), cheesy grits was out of this worldSuch great food! I am very picky when it comes to oysters so I was on the fence about ordering their Oysters Gentilly. Boy, I am glad I ordered it! I regret not placing an order to go! Our waiter and the manager were simply great! They are very attentive. I can't wait to stop by again!Great food. I had Salmon and grits. Very tasty. Service was GREAT the best in the city. I will definitely eat here again.I may give too many five star reviews. But that's because to me food is a great equalizer. There is no such thing as too many great restaurants. Each one is a chance to experience a different chef's unique take. Also, I'm not Tom Fitzmorris, I have no obligation (nor nearly enough expertise) to create a high bar in order to critically and culinarily rank the restaurant scene in this city full of delicious food. My field is literature and that's where I'm confident being hard-to-please.
Which is to say, this place is delicious. I was stunned that both my girlfriend and I found the bread pudding as good as everyone says, and actually better. I've had the Commander's Palace take on it, in souffle form, and I've had more trad versions all around the city, Desire being one of my favorites. To me, this bread pudding, which sits humbly on the plate like a charred clump of discarded refuse, is better than all of them. The raisins are minimal and are a perfect kind of crispy that actually takes away some of that raisin-ness of texture which myself and in my experience a lot of other people aren't particularly fond of (frig off, it's okay to end with a preposition, your teachers lied to you). More importantly, there is an absolutely perfect balance of a crispy but soft outer crust and mushy inside that is in fact not that mushy at all; as my girlfriend described it, like an ideal version of porridge--as if that sounds like a compliment, but it is. The level of sweetness is perfect and not overbearing. I would come here just for this.
But I don't have to; everything else we had was great. The crawfish and corn chowder was flavored just right, the shrimp remoulade on fried green tomatoes was wonderful (I've had better fried green tomatoes, with the tomatoes being more tender and the batter a little less overbearingly crispy and present, but these were still very good). The shrimp were cooked perfectly. It was a little bit of an odd contrast to have slightly chilly shrimp--as they are supposed to be with remoulade--and then warm tomatoes, but the zesty remoulade sauce with plenty of kick quickly made me get over this.
The biggest winner on the savory side was their debris. Completely tender, large chunks of beef, and an amazing delicious gravy that completely brought out the beefiness that gravy is supposed to exemplify. They have several dishes with this on top, but we had the bayou fries, and if you're looking for a unique take on "loaded fries," this is it.
I'm excited to come back and try their other unusual items, like the "Elysian peels" and the backyard-sized burgers.
The drink I ordered, the drunken arnie, was arnold palmer and woodford whiskey (supposed to be Jack but they were out). It was really strong, which is great because yay drunkenness, and it was delicious to boot.
Finally, the server was one of the best I've had; very attentive and friendly as all hell. She treated us like friends (but not in the overbearing way that this can sometimes come off).
Cheers to good new restaurants in my neighborhood.Thoroughly enjoyed our experience here.  Entire staff was friendly and very attentive. Entertained substitutions without hesitation.  Food was out quickly and as ordered.  Would highly recommend!!Yes lawd, my soul needed this. The second line punch was strong like I like it. The crab cakes are tasty and fried to perfection. The buffalo wings are sauced correctly, flavorful but not dripping. The gumbo has a strong roux which gives it a desirable hardy taste. The bayou nachos with the roast beef are delicious. The jalapenos, and onions are just right and not overpowering. Hell even the water with lemon hit the spot. Don't try to take a shaduby in the men's restroom though, you can't. Move the toilet about 6 inches in from the wall and you good.Decided to go to this place after reading some of these reviews. The food was a great disappointment. My burger was burned, my friend's chicken too dry and my other friend's ribs too greasy. NOT recommended.Our first visit but definitely not our last.  My sister and I each ordered the half rack of ribs, the meat was tender and the portions large.  The sides were delish. Daughter had the caesar salad with grilled chicken and a clearly *homemade* dressing, and a cup of gumbo was tasted and pronounced really good, full of meats and crab. Our fantastic meal in a beautiful setting averaged $20 per person INCLUDING a well earned 20% tip.  Great date spot!Great Indian portrait here.  Friendly staff and good food.  we had straight up mini burgers and elysian fries.   excellent,  even had potato skinz.   yummy, wonderful fast staff.  everyone is happy up in here!Three stars because the night started out rather tough. On first impression we were less than impressed. The greeting wasn't there. The Server struggled with being personable and or attentive and we were feeling like this would be a New Orleans COOLINARY bust. BUT THEN ALEXA popped up at our table and we warmed up to the idea that this could be ok. My husband and friend had the Gumbo, and my best friend had the sweet & spicy shrimp apps. My tummy wasn't cooperating tonight so I skipped the 3 course option and therefore skipped the appetizer. They all said their apps were good but the Gumbo could have been warmer. Next courses (Main) I had the Wedge Salad with roasted chicken, my man had Eggplant Lasagna as did my BFF and her husband had the Grilled Red Fish. My salad was delivered last but Alexa assured me she wouldn't forget me. The reports were that the Eggplant Lasagnas were good and the fish was a tad dry. We couldn't find our original Server for a second round of cocktails and drink refills ....BUT ALEXA....the next course was was dessert. One Keylime pie with fresh homemade whipped cream, one Sheba Chocolate Cake and one Tres leche cake. My man had the Keylime and I stole most of his whipped cream it was delicious!  Everyone really seemed to enjoy dessert. But what we decided is this, while this meal was a little disappointing we will go back simply because Alexa who we discovered is the owner is just so stinkin delightful that we want to try something else on another night to see what happens. She made the night pretty pleasant. Sometimes you just gotta give it a second try.  Maybe next time the floors won't be sticky and we'll have a better impression. Stay tuned......"The food was fabulous. The staff was friendly, attentive and made us feel like family. We'll be back!"Alexis, Alesha, and Mark (and everyone else!) were awesome! The food and wine were fantastic. HIGHLY recommend for a great time in NOLA!New location just opened on Sophie B Wright in the old Cafe Roma location (Accross from Hi-Volt Coffee/Half Moon). Very delicious and tons of menu options. Bayou fries are fantastic!Listen! This food taste like somebody's mom is back there whipping the pots! We had the gumbo and the pasta and could not have been more pleased! I would definitely recommend coming here! The vibe inside is nice and the music is cool and the food was more than I could have asked for! Will definitely come back again!Just amazing food. Shrimp remoulade and fried green tomatoes is such an amazing combination of flavors and textures. Even usually mundane items such as French fries are so well done that they cannot be considered mundane.This place!!!  Great food!  Dog friendly.  Human friendly.   Lovely, compassionate staff who treated a homeless woman with such respect.  They honored her dignity.  The woman, they knew by name, sat at a table next to us outside and I assumed they would run her off.   They didn't.  They gave her a coke and the homeless woman told me the people here are wonderful and kind and have delicious food.  What a beautiful example for my son.We are small business owners and work late hours. As a treat we went here for our anniversary. Even though it was close to closing time, we were welcomed in (as a former waitress I know how annoying this is) and not rushed at all. 
I had shrimp and grits and it was amazing. Smooth, creamy, and savory with all the right spices. The ambience might be lacking some but they make up for it with awesome servers and fantastic food!Nice low key place off magazine street. Creamy grits and shrimp was awesome although the shrimp were a little over cooked, but no sweat.Recommended by a waitress at another restaurant as her favorite place to eat. Didn't disappoint. Food was fantastic and chef worked with my wife's celiac to give her tasty options. Wait staff was friendly but appeared a bit inexperienced other than Alexis who was a rock star.  We tried a bunch of their potato apps and sides which were all good. My son died for the fried chicken. Joe's pasta got rave reviews as well. I loved the Red Fish with grit patties.  Wife's salmon was phenomenonal.This is not the place to eat if your a foodie! The morale/customer service here is horrible...food Is rich and highly seasoned with a mediocre atmosphere. "Southern Hospitality"  is non-existent! Poor pick on our part....will never visit again!Hands down the best food I've had in New Orleans... the shrimp and grits were flavorful and rich, the pasta was amazing as well, and they had toy crawfish for my kid to play with!! Please if you're ever in New Orleans look this place up. It's worth it...
We got gumbo to go just to have some tomorrow for lunch... I can't wait!!It's amazing to me how wildly inconsistent the food is here. It seems like every cook here prepares the same dish completely differently. You might get a great entree one time and it'll be completely horrible the next time. There's no standardization here. Look at all of the pictures of Uncle Joe's pasta. None of them look like the same dish. The staff is incredibly friendly though.Menu can be a little limited but I have never had a bad experience here. Food was always excellent, service good, atmosphere good. There are limited dining options in the part of town and this is one of the best.The food is delicious but the service was terrible. We saw other patrons that arrived after us get their food before us. We had to ask about our food twice. They finally brought out our plates and didn't bring out one for one of our guests. Since we were a group of five they included automatic 20% gratuity. Not worth the trouble.Had the privilege to eat here twice. 
The pork chop is better than most steaks and the specials are out of this world.
Great local spot, really affordable, and really really good.When we showed up they were quick to see seat us and we chose the bar. I ordered the gumbo and grilled bread they were both good. Started off with one cocktail and a  beer, their generous on the pouring. Ordered the herb chicken and it was delicious, my friend ordered the steak with Asparagus but they were a little overcooked and he reports the twice baked potato  was the best he had every had. Had the tres leches cake  to go and it was good .What a rip off.  the wait staff pushed the daily special, which turned out to be a $16 hamburger.  First and last visit.The Munch Factory is my husband and I go to restaurant when I don't feel like cooking dinner. That means, we visit this restaurant at least once a week. The food is always delicious. The chicken sandwich, twin burgers, shrimp and grits, clam chowder are ALL wonderfully made with quality ingredients. The staff is personable and always happy that you came to dine with them.
The only knock I have on this restaurant is the length of time it takes for the food to arrive to the table. I believe it's a relatively small kitchen and if they have too many orders--it takes them quite awhile to get the food out to you. Other than that, it's a wonderful restaurant owned by a young family and I'll support them for as long as they are around.
Keep up the good work!Solid, inventive food in an airy, classy environment. Our waitress was very friendly, but be prepared to spend some time here. We tasted everything from
burgers to gumbo to salads and all were pleased.Good hang out spot, music, food and service. Lexis checked in on us while we waited and provided was very sweet. Worth the wait. We had the Oysters Gentilly, Voodoo Burger and Fines Herb Chicken. Highly recommend the Voodoo Burger.Just rolled into town.  A pretty walk to get here.   Could have ordered anything on Rhett menu.  Food and service great.Slow night. Laid back service (slow). Ordered dinner and saw a huge rat running around house floor. Staff was laid back about it and not concerned.  I know it's New Orleans and city rodents are abundant. But it's just not appetizing to see it next to you. I will not be going back. I have been to many other New Orleans restaurants and not seen rodents.After loving their Gentilly location, I have to say I was disappointed in the new place. My VooDoo Burger just wasn't the same...the steak fries were not as buttery and decadent...my salad was your standard salad...overall, it was just OK. On the other hand, Chef Jordan's (I think it was Jordan) Side Car was STUPENDOUS. Like awesome. That made up for everything else. The Munch Punch was pretty good too (albeit sweet). If you're only in town for a little while, sadly the Munch Factory shouldn't make your list. If you live in town and you just want some diner food, hit up the Munch and definitely order a sidecar;)Flavor!!!!!! Full of flavor with  every bite you take 
Pork chop was juicy and great housemade mac and cheese was fire!!!!!! Gumbo was spot on.Passing through from Destin, FL back to Houston, TX.  This place is a must!  Service was phenomenal and everyone in our party enjoyed the food.  I Had the amazing shrimp & grits, had them in other spots and this was by far the best I've had.  Sorry no picture, couldn't contain myself and scarfed my meal.Chef Jordan Ruiz has CIIA NY credentials and his personable wife, Alexis, has transformed a typical white box into a comfortable environ.   While expanding  capacity by changing locations to a quite visible Elysian Fields, near UNO, location, the family has expanded as well with the addition of a daughter to #1 son.
   Chef's cuisine is predominantly New Orleans tastes with a little more  heat but quite enjoyable. Fish tacos became its namesake and remains very popular, especially among the take out crowd. However, the stuffed bell peppers have become the signature, although not always available - I only know one other that comes close.
   Gumbo is one of the best seasoned locally. Appetizers are several but the "juicy lucy" trio of stuffed sliders make a great starter.  Each evening, two to three specials are offered Shrimp and grits and blackened redfish with optional crabmeat topping have become staples of the menu.
As for desserts, always good but the tres leches is a real taste treat to the Mrs. heritage.\Plenty of private parking. great drink concoctions.
 REMEMBER: The word here is well seasoned!I had been going to this place for years when they were in Gentilly. It's owned by the Chef and his wife. He went to chef school in like France and on Mount Olympus or something. Everything I eat there tastes like it was zapped by Zeus. 
Everyone there is super kind and very attentive. And Alexis makes a mean cosmo! My favorite dish is Uncle Joe's Pasta, but those fries with he crawfish and pepper jack are like whaaaaaat?
I think everyone should spend all of their money here, so Alexis can afford to clone her hubby, so he can create masterpieces in a bunch of different places at the same time. 
My favorite restaurant in the city--hands down.There was a HUGE RAT running around last night as we sat waiting on our dinner and having a beer! No kidding.... a RAT. Not a mouse, the body was the size of my shoe. Never saw anything like it before. Needless to say we left. And the waitress gave us crap because our dinner was almost done. No way in the world I was paying for or eating a meal in this joint. I paid for the beers and was gone!  Her continued statement was, "This is New Orleans, there are rats everywhere!"  Are you kidding me? There may be, but I have been coming to this town for years and never saw was roaming free in the dining room like a freaking pet. STAY AWAY!!  If this does not frighten you, they have a very crappy beer and whiskey selection as well...  did I mention the RAT??Holy cow.  This place is great. I have always avoided it, maybe just because of the name.  I think I thought it was just sandwiches and stuff.  It is much more than that.  
The greens on the Hawaiian tuna salad were incredibly varied and fresh.  This kind of dressing is always a little sweet for me, so I just ordered a couple of lime slices to cut it, it was perfect. The tuna slices could not have been any better. They were perfectly done. Avocados were ripe and soft. Wonton also textbook.  
If you like french fries at all, you really need to try the Elysian Peels. Omg. Definitely get the truffle oil and Parmesan, it's just an extra $2. They are thicker than house chips, but thinner than potato wedges.  Crunchy, soft, and very very garlicky all at the same time. I will get them every time I'm here.  
Don't let the lame name fool you.  The Munch Factory knows their stuff.  
UPDATE:   
Bloody Mary is short with no veggies.  And very horseradishy.   I warned you.  
Hawaiian salad is still incredible.  They'll substitute blackened shrimp for tuna if you'd prefer.  It's great.  Best thing on the menu imho.  
Once again, there's nothing quite like the Elysian Peels.  Had them plain today and they were divine.  If you are a fried potato aficionado like me you gotta get them.   
Now about the fish sandwich.  It's what you'd expect from the yacht club.  Nuff said.  I'd skip it.Wonderful place! The proprietor is so friendly and gracious. Never in my life had I ever tasted such a delicious gumbo! Don't miss this  excellent NOLA establishment!My husband and I love to eat and we love to try new places. We went to the Munch Factory and it was absolutely YUMMY! We got the creole cuban sandwich, grilled cheese with tomato, gumbo and crawfish and corn chowder. Everything was great. The staff and owners were great too! Very nice people. The only thing I can say that this restaurant should change is being open for lunch everyday and not just Friday!This is my favorite spot to grab a meal in the lower garden district. I always get the gumbo ( has to be someone's grandmother making it) and the buffalo shrimp salad with blue cheese .. #ForGetAboutIt .. it is absolutely a game changer. Don't for get about the Much Punch!!! Fast service and good food requires 5 stars babe ( in my NOLA voice)The food is fantastic! The atmosphere is nice but nothing special. The service is very friendly but it did take awhile for our food to arrive (restaurant was not full when we were there). The wait was well worth it, thankfully, as the food was delicious!Food is SO DAMN GOOD that you don't trip out about the service being mediocre. Also the men's room could use a little work. (It's about the size of a stick of gum.) Besides those small problems, a great place to get your "MUNCH" on.I'm a creature of habit and often frequent the same establishments over and over. Hey! Why reinvent the wheel?! Munch is my go-to restaurant if I want fine dining without the hassle. It's right in my neighborhood, so I can pig out and walk home if I choose.
Where do I begin? Most often you will be greeted by Alexis- one of the restaurant owners. She's so sweet and personable! If you are lucky- little Dominic (her son) will be pushing his train set around the dining room as well. I always start off with the gumbo- as it is the best restaurant gumbo in town (tastes like ya mama made it). I also typically get the shrimp remoulade and fried green tomatoes. *Swoons*
You can never go wrong with any dinner dish here. The redfish topped with crabmeat stands first in line for the best of the best award, followed by the Fines Herb chicken which is lightly fried chicken with potato croquettes. The croquettes are stuffed with mashed potatoes gouda cheese and BACON! Who doesn't love BACON?! Hmmm, what else? Oh! Their rib-eye! Mortons- who? Ruth's what? Hands down- this is one of the best steaks I've ever had. It was perfectly cooked (Medium) and doused in a homemade steak butter sauce...I think I heard angels singing whilst eating this dish. 
And remember when Houston's used to serve the Kickin chicken sandwich? Am I showing my age with that one? :) Anywho- Munch serves a chicken sandwich that is reminiscent of the kickin chicken from Houston's back in the day. Perfectly fried crispy chicken tenders on a sesame seed buttered bun...what more can I say?!
The decor is very quaint and cozy and makes you feel at home. Don't be surprised if Sade's Lover's Rock Tour Concert is being shown on the flat screens...sometimes Adele's concert is playing as well. 
Every dish is made to order so sometimes service can be slow. It's a family run business so there's also only a couple of servers. I wouldn't suggest this restaurant if you have time constraints.Years ago, my buddy Shercole K. posted about this spot on Facebook. She was bumping this dish and that side and this cocktail. It was all too much for me, and I was so sold. Gonna go get my munch on! But no, the  Munch Factory was way the heck up in Gentilly/Lakeview. I am not hiking out there on a weekday. 
A few years later, what moves into the empty restaurant across the street from where I cook? The Munch Factory! This has to be the hand of fate telling me that I cannot go another second without trying this fabulous spot. And fate was right. Shercole was right, too. 
The new "nearly Magazine St" address of the Munch Factory is everything I want in a restaurant. It's just sweet enough to take your date, but it's also open and spacious enough to bring the whole family. Every time I've been here, it's been packed with a mix of diners: families, parties, dates, kids, grandparents, young couples. It's wild. Everyone just bring your friends. 
The menu is full of tasty and tempting dishes, but I always order the pork chop. I can't pick anything else. I'm just so drawn to that fabulous and incredibly skillfully cooked piece of tasty meat. They do it right every time. Every single time. Every side dish is also excellent, but I'm partial to the tomato salad and the mashed potatoes. 
On Valentine's Day, I took home a trio of desserts to share with a friend. We had a great time and enjoyed all of our goodies. 
Yes, the service is often overwhelmed and slow. But the thing that I notice (as a line cook) is that the kitchen keeps up with their orders. Once things get back to the kitchen, the cooks are on top of their game. It's moving things from tableside to kitchen that could use some refinement. I'm not sure how to see a better balance of personable service and servers making good money while having a more efficient experience. (See, if they add more servers, everyone on the floor makes less money which is less ideal. That's not really a great balance, you know?)
On quiet afternoons, I've cozied up to the bar with a textbook and a tiki cocktail to knock out some studying. On bustling Friday nights, I've brought friends for a really fun time. On work nights, I've called across the street for a to-go order because I can't go a single second longer without some Elysian peels. The Munch Factory hits all of those needs, you know? 
One last story, if I may. This is a family-run joint, and the couple who runs it really does care about their city and their neighborhood and their people. One afternoon, I was walking home when I saw a kid who was maybe 14 trying car doors and poking at someone's scooter in a suspicious way. One of the owners also noticed, and she dipped into the kitchen for a second. A minute later, one of the cooks popped out of the kitchen casual as could be. He greeted the kid by name and chatted him up. Instead of chasing this kid off or calling the cops, they talked for a few minutes and intervened by just being present and being part of the neighborhood. The young teen wasn't treated like a menace. He was treated like part of the neighborhood, and that's what the Munch Factory is: part of the whole neighborhood. 
I'm so glad. 
Accessibility notes: step up into the shop. Doors open out (front) and in (side). Can get loud at most hours. No Braille menu or signage. Lights can be dim after dusk. Lots of space for mobility devices to move around and between tables. High bar at back and high hostess stand at front.Place was good enough. The server we had was very inattentive and didn't even realize we sent our food back. The croquet was yummy, as was the asparagus.  We also had the gumbo, great flavor but, rice was horribly undercooked.(this is what we sent back and had to tell server to take off bill).The food was not tasty.  The grit paddies were over cooked and the red fish was described by the waitress :bartender as white and flaky, though it too was over cCooked and the crab meat that garnished it tastes like it was a day from being sour.  There were not enough staff on hand to handle the customers.  It is Essence Fest weekend, c'mon now staff your restaurant!!! The staff that was there was very friendly.First restaurant we ate in when we arrived in NOLA for the Saints game. Boy did they set the bar high. Great food, super friendly service! This place will be on the agenda for future trips to the Big Easy.$20 for this lunch was disappointing. Redfish sandwich tasted like catfish. I had to ask for ice for my ICED tea. Table and bench were dirty and I had to clean them myself. Fries were good. Service was Okay.
Definitely a tourist stop only.After hearing about this place from multiple sources, I was excited to try it.  My four stars are attributed for the most part to the Fines Herb Chicken.  It's one of those dishes that you immediately crave again as soon as you finish.  That said, there were some other dishes that weren't as pleasing.  I was smart to ask for a recommendation from our very friendly server and stick with what the restaurant makes best.  There were a few, less traditional new orleans dishes we ordered that were overly salty.  They are still getting situated and I'm excited to go back and try a few more other their creations, just not the burger and wings (of course, I just don't think it's a burger and wings type place).  I also kind of wish there wasn't a TV on over my shoulder.  It's a kind of nice dinner spot and the flat screen is distracting.  I'll be back though, and next time I'm saving room for dessert!Superb food that is all hand made in a lovely setting. You can tell this is a family business with tremendous heart and soul poured into every facet. Do not skip this place!Excellent food and service!! The pork chop was delicious, I highly recommend it. Will definitely be back.The service was great and the interior of the restaurant is far nicer than the outside. However, I ordered the seared ahi tuna salad and it was drenched in salad dressing and the all the salad leaves were wilting - ie old. So my food was a bit disappointing, but I'm sure if you ordered something else on the menu you would not be disappointed.Awesome dinning  experience, from the staff, to the food. my experience at the munch factory is all ways a pleasant one. you won't be disappointed!!!!! this spot has earned my favorite spot to dine, in the lower garden district.Holy shit I don't even know what to say about this place.  I came here for a birthday lunch for a colleague a couple of months ago, and the food was FREAKIN DIVINE.  I easily spent 20 minutes poring over the menu and making a choice was damn near impossible.  I got some salad of some sort (I think the chopped salad), and I was not disappointed.  That said, the food my friends got gave me food envy the likes of which I don't remember experiencing before and hope never to face again.  The BBQ shrimp po-boy looked RIDIC, as did the fried chicken sandwich and the amazingly drool-inducing, pornographic cheese fries.
The service was friendly and fast even though the place was at maximum capacity, and the prices were very reasonable given the quality of the food.  I have been meaning to go back - probably for dinner - and hopefully SOON!Hands down, one of the best places I've eaten in NOLA. Tres Leches was on point, and their short ribs are incredible! Grits...I'd hurt someone for another taste of these bad boys!Wonderful experience from start to finish!  The food is excellence, and the ambiance makes you feel right at home.  A welcome, much needed addition to the Gentilly area!Awesome service and amazing food. Our waitress was very personable. We ordered the bayou nachos, NOLA crabcakes, munch burger and the voodoo burger. Everything came out in a timely manner, was hot and seasoned to perfection. We will definitely be back to try other items on the menu that we had our eye on. Thank you again Lauren for the fantastic serviceThe ambiance was nice. Casual dining establishment. We had a party of 25. Food came out fast. Drinks were strong. I had shrimp and grits. The shrimps were tasty. The sauce was sweet at 1st but a bit salty. I think it wasn't mixed well. With the grits it's was pretty good. Just different. I ask for a side of cheese to mix in it too. We also had fried oysters with buffalo sauce. It was tasty. Buffalo sauce wasn't spicy at all. My husband had salmon & Grits. Salmon was alright his grits was bland. He enjoyed it though. And he doesn't even like grits. Service was great. Only issue I had was that it's quit pricy for you portion size.My lady introduced me to the munch factory on  Sunday for brunch. The atmosphere was great had a family like vibe, great music going, not too loud, you can still hear your conversation, Lots of natural light. Customer service was great food was even better. My lady had the french bread french toast, it was amazing, the French bread was surprisingly soft. I had the kitchen sink. Chunks of hot sausage, cheese, eggs and potatoes, delicious! Will definitely visit againGreat service. Great app. Great chef special which i thought was pretty original. (Peruvian steak over french fries). Shrimp and grits were good but not a must get. Fair prices. Again, great service. (Strange name)I was fortunate to have been invited to a lunch at the New Orleans African American Museum last saturday.  Chef Jordan Ruiz catered the lunch.  Delicious.  Clean and updated Nola style.  If he can do this with chaffing dishes at a remote location I can only imagine in his own kitchen.  Highly recommend the grits (a food type I had in the past avoided).  I plan on returning.Extremely bad service. I didn't leave a tip and the waitress confronted me outside. Really unprofessional. I called back to speak to management and she acted like the manager on the phone. I DO NOT recommend this placeThe restaurant looked fancier on the website. We went for brunch and it was not packed, which was nice. I ordered the french toast and the three side special. The french toast was not that great. The sides (cheese grits, breakfast potatoes, and eggs) were great though!I have not eaten in the restaurant but ordered delivery via Waitr app and it did not disappoint! The photos of all the menu items look so good and I was very pleased with everything in my order: the VooDoo burger was crazy good, the beef is seasoned with rosemary. The side Elysian peels were super and the potato croquettes were to die for! Tres Leches cake was fantastic too. Also the delivery was very fast during dinner hour. I will definitely order from here again and/or dine in.Had great drinks here and great service. For eats we ordered a cup of gumbo, crab cakes, a Caesar side salad, and the lightly fried salmon with ginger sauce. 
The gumbo was decent. I ate the whole bowl, I may have been misinformed by an old photo because I half expected soft shell crab with my gumbo....perhaps that was a special on that day. Bummer. Lol. Cesar salad was good and the crab cakes were true to the testament of being all crab, which is always AWESOME. 
Now for the salmon, my first serving was a smidge over done and completely immersed in sauce. I tried it and then asked for a better batch. Without hesitation I was obliged and received a new plate of fish that was cooked to perfection. I thought the marriage of the lightly fried fish and the Asian inspired glaze was a great pairing. 
Visiting this restaurant was a great experience. You can tell they take care of their customers and it matters to them that you leave happy and full. Finely makes me want to come back.The wait was really long but the staff tried their best with friendly service and status updates on food. The food was amazing when it finally came. The Bloody Mary was okay. Great grilled bread.Wow, this was tasty!!!  My munch bowl was amazing, and my boyfriend said his hamburger is one of the best he'd had in a while.  We also had gumbo and a chocolate mouse desert, and both were great too.  Very good/friendly service as well!