Just tried this place last night for the first time. In one word... AMAZING! Cool family friendly atmosphere. Clean & great staff! Some of the best pulled pork that I've had. We enjoyed our food so much that we went back again today. I highly recommend the pulled pork sandwich & the cheese covered tater tots with pulled pork on top! YUM!Love this place.Came in for the first time on Saturday afternoon for lunch with my hubby.We both decided to try their house specialty Sloppy Joe with Fries.OMG we both enjoyed the hell out of them.My hubby enjoyed it so much that he ordered a second one.I also tried their Frose' which I REALLY enjoyed.We loved the food and service so much that we went back again on Thursday for dinner.This time I had a kids meal with my favorite,a Frose' of course .This is definitely now one of our favorite spots....will post pics next visit.Really good vibes and a cute atmosphere. Employees are so helpful and nice. Food was amazing. I got the pulled pork sandwich and I highly recommend it! Such a great place!!We are visiting from California.  My 93 year old grandma thinks I'm amazing because I can pick all these wonderful places to eat when we are on vacation (thanks yelpers everywhere)   Another great find.   At first entering, I was a little hesitant because I had to greet them, not the other way around.  But after breaking the ice,  the young man at the register was a wealth of knowledge about the area.  Now, the food was amazing.  We were a large group, we all had something different. It was all excellent.  The fries, taters and sweet potato fries were cooked to perfection.  They put a twist on sloppy joe.   So interesting and tasty.   Sad I didn't order that.   Overall, perfect setting and food.  Kids even played for a few minutes before we left in the play area outside.  Had it been cooler we would have eaten outside.  Thanks for the excellent food.  WHEN we get back this way we will return.I am sorry! I wish I could have taken pictures but I was just too busy eating my fantastic burger...
I have been recommended to try this place out many times and I decided to give it a go last night.
First of all, it's an order at the counter and they bring food to you kind of place. Staffs are very nice. I was sitting at the patio and they kept coming to make sure everything was okay.
Then, the burger...BEST Burger I have ever had!  I had the Pimento cheese burger with grilled onion, mushroom and jalapeño. It comes with two burger patties and the cheese just melted into all the toppings and the patties, and it was just out of this world!!!! I also ordered tater tots on the side and it is a perfect combination!!!
Also, one more best thing about this place, their back yard actually has a playground for children!!! Yes, a playground!!! So I will definitely bring my child here next time!!!We stopped here for our first meal in New Orleans, and we were amazed at how delicious the food was! I got the house salad with grilled chicken - the salad was fresh and tasty, and the chicken was seasoned/cooked perfectly. Other friends got the tuna and brisket sandwiches, and were very happy with them. The wait staff was incredibly friendly, and all the food was ready very quickly. The backyard patio was a great place to hang out on a beautiful afternoon!The perfect place to satisfy that burger craving. Great atmosphere, delicious burger! Love the taste and all of the fresh ingredients. Service was excellent. The gentleman at the front was eager to walk us through the menu and tell us about the specials.
I gave 4 out of 5 stars because it is a little pricier than I would have liked. But not too expensive enough to keep me from going back!Came here for a Sunday lunch. They were busy, but not overly crowded. My fiancé and I got an order of their wings to start, which were really good. The flavor was excellent and the house made blue cheese was a nice compliment. Any complaints are they they are a little pricey and they serve the wings whole, which can make eating a little difficult. Would be better if they separated them into the different pieces. We each got a burger with pimento cheese and bacon and an order of sweet potato fries to share. The burger was pretty good, though definitely of the backyard grill variety (thin and cooked well done). The fries were also pretty good for sweet potato fries. Can get a little pricey, as all of the burger fixings increase the cost.I just want to say thank you! Our school had an event on a Wednesday night and a bunch of families wanted to get together and have dinner. I called ahead to let them know we were going to be a big group. The owner returned my call personal phone to let me know they would be happy to accommodate us! We had a dozen kids running around the play yard and parents enjoying each other's company. It was such a stress free and easy evening. We did not have to worry about offending other patrons with our rambunctious kids! The staff was so pleasant and helpful! Love having The Backyard in our neighborhood. Thanks againGreat Food and Great Folks! We've always had a very pleasant experience. Good burgers and great service, what more could you ask for? I've seen some negative reviews regarding price, I'd challenge those people to name a less expensive place in lakeview to eat?They have a great lunch special but oddly enough, don't have baked beans or macaroni and cheese on the menu. My grilled chicken sandwich was very flavorful and the bun was fresh and delightful. There are two kinds of BBQ sauce, both are vinegar-based more similar to Carolina style but it's not on the table like other condiments. They do have really cute outdoor seating.I stopped in based on reviews and I must say they were very good... Seasalt on the fries really bring the taste out... The beef has a very good flavor... For $15-$17 I will say it's worth it...I've been eyeing this place up for a while now. Being in the neighborhood the other day, me and the Dude decided to give it a try.  I had the brisket sandwich, which was delicious. I would love to have them offer burnt ends.  I probably could have eaten a second sandwich, it was that good.  Full of brisket and the shaved fresh onion gave it a nice bite.  The Dude had pulled pork and fries. Meat was moist and smokey. Definitely will be back to try other things on the menu and give some of the house cocktails a whirl.I work nearby and this is one of the places we make sure to visit on a regular basis. The grilled chicken sandwich, as simple as it is, is transcendent. Getting the Hotdog with sloppy joe mix and pimento cheese, shouldn't be as good as it is. Everything they do is really top notch, and totally family friendly.It was really fresh but honestly just tasted like eating a straight up salt block. Like I couldn't even finish my burger it was so salty.Perfect place for great burgers, chicken sandwiches, salads, and drinks! Very cool atmosphere. Best service in NOLA. Our food was delicious and prepared very quickly. Even though it's a casual place, the staff was more attentive than some of the big fancy restaurants in town.
The outside looked like a great place to bring kids.
You should eat here!Cool concept, kid friendly neighborhood restaurant where you can have an adult beverage while watching your kid play on the backyard play set.   Sure, there is even a big shady oak tree for your summer sipping!  The only thing missing is the menu.  The crew and owner seemed ready to rock with their full menu of burger, hot dogs, or chicken sandwich with choice of 4 sides, hand written on plain paper.  $40 bucks for burgers, fries and drinks for three served in plastic baskets and clear plastic solo cups, awesome!  I think they have a ways to go and better move quickly.  Seemingly, a proprietor of a new establishment would be properly prepared when opening  during one of the busiest seasons in the business.  Sparse esthetics and menu with little value, but a great place to drink while watching kids on the playset.Great neighborhood burger place! The sides are all hand cut, burgers are delicious, and wings are smoked and flavored to perfection. Great for kids, there's a nice jungle gym with picnic tables for outdoor seating in the cooler months.Great hangover food. I created my own burger and couldn't have been happier with the results. Their menu is also greatThis is a great new family dining option in lakeview. They are still in their soft opening, so they don't have a full menu yet. So far I've tried the burger, chicken sandwich, hot wings and homemade chips. All were delicious! 
The best thing about this place is the atmosphere. There is lots of out door seating and a play area for the kids. They have sidewalk chalk available for them to draw on the wooden fences and picnic tables and seating for the adults and children.  
They have wine and a nice selection of local beers on tap. It's really a perfect spot to unwind with the kids in tow. There are even changing tables in the men's room! 
The only negative things I have to say will likely be fixed in the future as they work out the kinks. We were there later in the evening and the sun was still up when we sat down outside, but by the time our food came it had set. It was super dark outside, so we had to lug everything inside to finish up in there. They also don't have to go boxes only paper bags which was pretty messy with my leftover hot wings. :) 
I highly recommend The Backyard especially if you have kids. It would be great for non-kid folk too they have bar type seating on the front porch away from the playground.*Note: This review is about the pet friendly policy and pet accommodations.
They fully embrace pets and try to accommodate them. My one struggle was the pet area had only bar stool type chairs. Water was available for critters and they welcomed my mutt. I wish they had better seating for us both but I'll take the wins where I can.I ordered from The Backyard via UberEATS a while back and was very impressed with the flavor and quality of food! Today I visited again and invited my mother along, we both ordered the sloppy joe sandwich and again was impressed. The flavor of their smoked brisket is very good and the mix with burger is perfect! The man who took our order and made suggestions was very fast and courteous and took very good care of us. I will visit again soon!I really want this place to succeed. Everyone here was super nice, and concerned about my satisfaction. I ordered the burger because of some of the reviews here and I was not dissappointed. The handmade flat top cooked burger was delicious and topped with house made pickles, and I opted for the house made pimento cheese. The pimento cheese was amazing. I ordered a side of tater tots and scooped some pimento cheese on top of those (don't judge me). I asked for the garlic aoli on the side and I could have drank it, because it was that good. My wife ordered the hot dog and it was plump and amazing in its own right.
The back yard area here of course is a great draw for children. I loved sitting at the "spool tables" in old aluminum folding chairs. It felt like you were at a famly cookout. They do have healthier options, which looked amazing. Maybe a little more expensive (~$14 for a "combo") but the fresh ingredients and for everyting to be homemade makes this place amazing.Rudest wait staff I have come across in the city of late. Fist time going so a group of us was looking around also had a child with us. He goes and starts to play. Ask a server when they close just so happen in 10 min and she said said someone would be with you soon. Guy comes outside said "you going to order it's not a free playground" we decided to leave and maybe never go back.This is a pretty cool looking venue with a nice patio area (AKA "Backyard" area).  After sampling the bbq brisket, burger and chicken I would have to say the brisket is definitely the winner here.  The guy at the register told me he thought the brisket was better than the Joint's which he was a bit off as I would put it in second place to the Joint and then I would also recommend they start offering it as a BBQ plate option as all you can currently do is get it as a sandwich.  The burgers and chicken sandwiches are ok but for the price didn't really impress me other than during their lunch special they offer.  You also get quite a selection of sides with regular fries, tater tots, sweet potato fries, potato salad and cole slaw all being offered at an unfortunate extra charge.  For my dinner trips this place has never been that busy and food was brought out fast while at lunch (when they offer their combo special deal that should be an all the time deal) the place is packed and food delivery was quite a bit slower.  So if you have a short lunch break this might not be the best option when this joint is crowded.  
Overall I would say just get the brisket and enjoy it.Went to The Backyard on a fluke today...forgot my lunch, then went on Yelp to see what is close to my office.  I had the TUNA BLT and sweet potato fries.  Both were DEE-LISH!  The tuna was smoked, sushi-grade tuna make into a salad on bum with Bacon, lettuce and tomato.  Simple GOOD.  Sweet potato fries were super hot with flaked (maybe sea) salt.  I also ordered the Key Lime Pie, which I had to have, since it seems I'm on a kick...good stuff.  Very creamy...decent crust, but needs more butter...hehe.
I've got to try the Boom Burger next time.  They had me at TRUFFLE OIL.After waiting at the DMV for hours... we drove around looking for a place to eat and have a drink. We found the Backyard.What luck! Delicious burgers excellent service and a really cool owner. Can't wait to go back for the brisket!Wanted to love this place as its so close to home base ... But 
It's too expensive for average food. We paid 3 dollars for 10 tator tots. 
It's will not be on our regular rotation.LOVED this place! Took my daughter for dinner and she had a blast playing with other children there!Went on Sunday with the kids.  Great burgers, very kid friendly (outdoor jungle gym, picnic tables and adult beverages).
Highly recommend.Not crazy about the burgers they're using.. and they stopped using the eggs to put on their burgers which was definitely my favorite part of this place. I know they just opened, but they still have a lot of work to do.First time here - limited menu for now but their burgers look great.  I ordered a special for the day - grilled gulf fish sandwich - fish is marinated in a mole sauce, then grilled and topped with a mild slaw.  Nice grill on the fish fillet and the fries were righteous.  And, they play my kind of music!  I'll be back with my hubby!5 stars for the concept and the owner. Very family oriented in the literal backyard, an urban vibe for inside dining and a cute pet friendly porch in the front - every area has ample seating.
There is no table service here. You order when you walk in the door, get a number and your food is brought to you. The staff is nice and answered all questions. 
Be aware - everything here is ala cart. 
We choose to sit at the counter. The kitchen was so close the staff could hear our conversation which was pretty great - a very amicable crew. 
We started with the smoked wings which were huge! The smoke flavor was delicious as was the dipping sauce. But I found the meat too fleshy and the skin a little too chewy for me. 
I got the single patty burger with pimento cheese and bacon. I was very impressed with pickles of all things!! I'm not a huge fan of dills but these were awesome! Not too sour - just the right fit for me. The burger was juicy.  I would rate it as ok. 
The husband got a pulled pork sandwich and loved it!!  He enjoyed the coleslaw that topped the pork, which was smoked for 24 hours, and it was off the hook according to him. 
My daughter selected the chicken bites from the kids meal. Lots of bites and fires. She also got a tiny fruit cup - 2 bit sized slices of watermelon.  She loved every bite!
The kitchen was busy but the chef, who turned out to be the owner, made time to chat with us over the course of our meal. 
We ended with a trip to the backyard. My daughter had a blast playing on the playground equipment. Tons of picnic benches, lawn chairs around giant wooden spool tables and some pint sized tables for the kids created a warm environment. It was just turning dark and rows of sting lights popped on making it even cozier. 
If your a sports fan there are TVs everywhere  all anxiously awaiting the LSU game. 
We will definitely return to the Backyard and I would recommend it if you are looking for a pleasant dining experience.Great burger and a good menu selection for a lunch spot!  Location location location it's kinda tucked away, but close to home so easy for locals!Stopped in for a late lunch. Atmosphere seems good but it was late afternoon so not many people in the dinning room. I had the burger w/a side of potato salad. My wife had the smoked tuna BLT w/a side of potato salad. The burger was very good and my wife called the smoked tuna BLT "outstanding". The reason I gave The Backyard a four star instead of a five is the potato salad and no fried egg for the burger. Potato salad is a common side in New Orleans and usually mustard based but this one tasted more like cold mash potatoes with eggs. They need to add salt, pepper, dill relish and maybe try a little mustard. It may be just me but fried egg on burgers are very trendy now. It appears they have eggs in house because they are in the potato salad. It would be a nice addition to the extras to have a fried egg as an ad on for the burger. Overall great place to grab a bite. I'm sure we will return.Friendly service with a nice selection of local beers. Currently, on tap was beer from Covington Brewhouse and Tin Roof. We ordered a pulled pork sandwich, sloppy joe sandwich and an order of tots. 
Pulled pork was piled on and came with some coleslaw on a buttered bun. Flavor was great. Sauce on side was not needed. Sloppy joe sandwich was made with ground beef and brisket. It was delicious. Only wished for more pickled veggies on top. 
We really liked the food. The atmosphere is great with a large outdoor area that has picnic tables. Plenty of fans and big TVs. We'll be back.Came here with my brother and one of my friends to eat and have a few drinks. The burgers were amazing and they have six or seven different draft beers that are local and really good. I wish I had gotten the guys name that worked the register - he was awesome. Def stop by here if you get a chance.A great place for parents to take the kids and have some good food...Also a few good local beers on tap. 
I have to recommend the bomb burger with crinkle cut fries.The food is amazing. Pimento cheese dip and smoked tuna dip, I definitely recommend.
Danielle was super helpful with my order and the service was off the chart. I now have a new favorite place.Went here with the family yesterday.  I ordered a cheeseburger and sweet potato fries.  They usually sell the burger in 2 patties I said one.  Now I know why only 3.2 ounces.  It was so tiny and tasted like a Wendy's burger.  Absolutely nothing special.  Dad ordered grilled chicken sandwich and regular fries.  he raved about his chicken and the fries were good.  Mom had the sloppy joe.  Not so good at all.  She couldn't eat it.  They had some type of spice or something in it.  Needs work.  The backyard is nice for kids.When the best I can say about this business is that I ate here and didn't get sick, that's not saying much. 
I ate here, and I didn't get sick. 
Here's a few more details about why I think this is a 2 star operation:
- Ordering is chaotic at best, downright bananas at worst. Where is the line? What is the line?
- Food runner is a total dingbat. She walked by us 4 times then denied that our food was, in fact, our food. She literally ran away from us at least once. Also, she was openly sobbing for about half of the meal. Not sure what's up with that, but no one took her off the floor or comforted her or anything. 
- Their prices are right up there with folks like Stein's, Part & Parcel, and Brugger's BBQ...but their quality is right up there with folks like "end-of-day food from the hot bar at Rouse's." I'm sorry, but the quality doesn't stack up to the prices. My dining companion picked so much fat off her brisket that she had less than half a sandwich left in the end...and she ordered the lean cut. 
- Children. Screaming, howling, kicking, biting children. I'm so glad that parents of such feral beasts have a place to take them, but it felt like Chuck-E-Cheese minus the whiff of stale urine and desperation. I should never be kicked on purpose at a restaurant by a child who is there with 4 adults, and yet. And. Yet. 
- The general air of desperation in the staff was palatable. Perhaps this is because I am also in the service industry so I can recognize misery faster than folks who aren't, but it was miserable knowing that I was also adding to their misery. 
I will not come back unless the parent of a semi-feral child (note: not all children are lucky enough to be semi-feral) requests some facetime with me in a way that I cannot turn down. 
Accessibility notes: assholes often park in the handicap spot "for just a second, geeze." No Braille menu or signage. Inside space can get loud at peak hours. Doors open out. High and low counter for ordering. High drink machine.The concept is great and totally unique to New Orleans.  My son is out of the toddler phase, but you don't know how many times I wished for this when he was younger: a place where adults can relax and sip drinks while the little ones play!  I can't really judge the food other than the hot dog kid's meal, and that was on point, with at least 3 servings of crispy hot tater tots, and a pretty-solid jumbo size grilled angus beef hotdog on a potato roll.  There are several craft cocktails, which they put in giant tumblers for outdoor sipping.  The indoor atmosphere was a nice surpise as well!  It was really cool and modern with high-end reclaimed looking finishes.  As for the backyard part of things, you can smell the food grilling, enjoy the drinks, and have fun without the stress of looking at your own backyard, which probably could use some fertilizer, truth be told.The overall cost for my tiny sandwich, a side of cole slaw and a soda, was $15.97. What a rip off... 
I am very disappointed with this place. I was so excited to see a new restaurant in lakeview especially since I live in the area. From the outside it looks pretty good.  I ordered the sloppy joe and brisket sandwich and it was totally tasteless and kinda watery. The serving portion is tiny, there must have been at most 2 tablespoons of sloppy joe and brisket combined. The bread was the cheap hamburger bread you find at winn dixie. Even the server apologized about the bread, he said they were out of their normal bread. Then I ordered a side of cole slaw, which I returned for a refund. It was totally bland and tasted like cardboard.  Cole slaw is easy come on... Honestly I felt like if I ate it I was going to be sick so I returned it.In-house smoker produced nice pulled pork, brisket and smoked tuna dip, the kid's hotdog was  well above average.We stopped in on a whim. I think the playground in the backyard will be great as it gets cooler. They also have some great local beers on tap. The food was just okay and for the price. Its one of those places where the fries cost extra when you order a sandwich. The main problem though was that they gave my 3 yr old a burnt grilled cheese. It was the kind of burnt that any normal person would throw in the trash and start again. Gordon Ramsey would be very upset.Very good, tasty burger. Beers are too expensive though, $6 for a pint of Parish Envie.Burned 'charbroiled' burgers with soggy buns.  Third visit to this lake view venue will be the last.The beef brisket is AMAZING.  Great ambience.  Perfect if you have kids.  Drinking a beer while the kids play.  Great local beers on tap. Watching a game  the TV's outside. Love5 stars for their burgers, prices, and inviting atmosphere! 
The ground beef is high quality and toppings are fresh. They use homemade pickles on their burgers and those alone are delicious! 
Sweet potato fries are only $2.50 and can definitely be split.Smoked tuna dip ($8), smoked chicken wings(4 for $12) and the boom burger($12 but no fries) we had and it was yummy... nice atmosphere outside with plenty of tvs for sports.Pimento cheese app with homemade chips is off the charts. The Boom Burger is absolutely delicious . Great, casual joint.The food and atmosphere here are great! Great for families and friends to hang out, grab some grub, and laugh! Make sure you grab a burger and ask Kandice or Eric to make you a Moscow mule, they're the best bartenders ever!These might be the best wings in the city. And I'm a dude who tries to eat wings wherever they serve 'em. The wings here are smoked, not breaded, and HUGE! Ridiculously good. Also had the brisket sandwich, which was absolutely awesome. When we went in, there were only a couple of other customers and it was super laid back. Some people have talked about it being chaotic or full of kids, but I didn't run into that. Also, if that's a problem, you can easily take your order to go. Beer and cocktail list was on point. Would definitely recommend for anyone looking for super good BBQ fare off the beaten path.Unbelievably great wings (huge and flavorful)!  Also has a nice selection of local draft beer on tap.I read a piece about this place right when it opened, and I was intrigued about the concept. How many times when my kids were young and screamy did I stay home and cook when I really wanted to go out for dinner. Well The Backyard is your answer.
The idea  is basically a casual camp-like restaurant with good food options with an adjacent play area outside. Not the disgusting pit of dirty balls at McDonald's. No, a backyard  with typical play equipment. The kids we saw were having a blast.
The food is great. We ordered a pulled pork sandwich and a double burger with a side of tater tots to split. The sandwiches were way above average. The pork was smokey and flavorful if a little dry accompanied by a too small dressing of good coleslaw. The amount of pork on the sandwich was amazing.
But the burger was the star. This was a double patty, grilled over an open flame, served on a decent bun, dressed all the way. It was as good as any burger in town though again the bun was a little on the weak side. An excellent touch was pickled onions which were delicious. 
This is a fun place and highly recommended. I will def be back!this place is a good restaurant. the burgers, dogs and fries are very good and are worth the money and a solid 4 stars. couple that with a playplace for my kids to run crazy, eat on the run and burn some energy, this place is great! the service is VERY attentive and nice. our order came out fast (very important for kids) and was correct. 
they have a respectable local brew list and a well stocked bar for the adults. 
all in all, we've been a couple times and it is consistent. don't hesitate to bring the family down for a good bite.I love this place! The bartenders are awesome and the pulled pork is REALLY good! Make sure to tip your bartenders! This is a regular restaurant, but the bartenders do everything, so they work for tips too! Highly recommend the pimms cup! Ask for watermelon with it! One of the bartenders did that and I loved it!Its like you're in your backyard but more expensive. 
Great char on the hotdog.  Relish not listed on the toppings but they do have it if you ask.  Potato salad was a bit too mashed for my liking.  
1 Hot dog, 1 beer (on happy hour), and potato salad = $12I love their grilled chicken sandwich! Awesome fries too. Great spot to bring the kids to play outside.The food is way overpriced for what it is. It's decent food,  but the prices are very inflated. The screaming children wasn't pleasant,  but I can't blame them for that. 
But the service is why I'm giving them an even lower rating. 
 One evening, I noticed that the guys working behind the counter were very rude, like they were mad at us for some reason?  Didn't crack a smile,  rolled eyes, etc. Little John hated us for some reason, lol.
 I thought it was just me, but when my very sweet friend told us that she politely went back to pick up something she ordered & they gypped her out of it, and when she inquired about it, they were mean to her - I knew it wasn't just me.
.....Just be nicer to customers.
- Negative NancyJust noticed it's been a year since I posted my first review here - Time to update - many visits in the last year and The Backyard is consistently a great place to grab a bite. My favorite is the Farmers Market veggie burger (The Farmers Market Superfood veggie burger with beets, mushrooms, whole grain & black beans, served on a wheat bun with mole glaze, pepper jack, avocado & lettuce.) Yum! I had that again today and the hubby had a hot sausage sandwich, we split an order of fries and couldn't come close to finishing all of the fries!Went looking for something new to try out and we found this place. We review tons of places and I can assure you that the 4 stars given by other yelpers, has to be lies or they dont know what a good burger is. 
Kids meal, regular burger, 1 alcoholic drink, fries. $30. Would have enjoyed a Wendy's Baconator for way cheaper. 
Burgers were thin and med-well and no flavor. Just meat, toppings and bread. Fries were fries, nothing special. No A1 saucesnor Heinz 57, come on its a burger spot. The atmospeher was great and clean, huge TV for sports and even outside tv on the porch. We didnt go outside to eat, due to rain. Playground did look small, and flooded in the rain. The Rum Fruit Punch was horrible. Its a new biz, so they are still working out some issues, I hope, if not good luck. 
The place is like a buds broiler, so they better do something different to set them apart from grilled burgers, a barkyad playground is not going to cut it. Really worth 2 and half stars. 
Staff was superb, very attentive.I stopped here for an impromptu lunch with someone I was meeting with in the area. The space is trendy and bright. I can only imagine how lovely it would be on a sunny evening with kids for dinner. They have a nice beer selection for the parents and the playground in the dining area in "the backyard" is a clutch amenity... at least for those with kids. As for kidless adults, I'm not sure how enjoyable it would be out back. 
The food left much to be desired. The pimento cheese dip was okay. I was intrigued by the sloppy joe on the menu. I ordered it and was fairly impressed with their house sloppy joe seasoning, but the pickles were not my favorite. The bun was fluffy and fresh!
I wouldn't go out of my way to eat lunch or dinner here, but if I'm ever back in the area, I'd definitely consider it again.I checked in between lunch and dinner on a week day, and found the place nice and quiet, with only a few patrons around. You order from the bar and pay first. The burgers are double patty with a wide cheese selection. The meat is flame broiled and has a solid smoky flavor. Sides include sweet potato fries which come with cracked sea salt and are great. The staff was very friendly and laid back. I never got the you're-finished-now-get-out-of-here vibe.One of the best burger joints in NOLA!! Great burgers and a nice selection of local beers on tap!!!I cannot throw enough high fives...this place and the folks who run things are the best! Delicious and fresh food, creative and yummy drinks, awesome outdoor atmosphere, above and beyond awesome service...they get all the stars - and hearts! Oh, and they're very eco-conscious, too. 
A great place to get work done, meet clients or have an organic Frosé...or three with friends.It was awesome for my son!! It was his birthday and so I wanted to go somewhere i have never been before that had a play yard area instead of the traditional McDonald's. I ordered a burger and my son had the kids meal Grilled Hot dog. My burger was delicious! My son grilled hot dog though made me jealous! Geesh!! It was nicely grilled and charred a lil just how I vision a grilled hot dog. It was juicy and flavorful. The Cole Slaw wasn't all that but that Dog made up for it!! It was really good, honestly better than my hamburger. I also had a margarita something cool named and It was good as well. I wish I would have went during the day so i could sit outside but that is OK i enjoyed my time inside. However, my son had a great time on the lil jungle gym they have located outside. He was climbing , smiling and just being a kid. I really enjoyed this place and I will be back!!Went in for lunch and we had smoked pimiento dip with bacon for appetizer, the Zeus burger and a regular burger. We enjoyed everything we had and it's our first time going here and we will definitely be back. The chips for the dip were a little salty but everything else was solid and delicious.The Backyard has a great casual ambiance, like being at home but not having to do the dishes. Like the blue collar outdoor seating and lights. A projector screen on the wall would be awesome come football season, and outdoor speakers  ( noise ordinance?) and maybe small table fans to help keep flies away. Playground is great to distract kids. Had the burger and it was indulgent and awesome. Fiancé had the hot dog and he said it was solid. Love the coleslaw but potato salad would better with mustard. Great prices and like the local beer selection. I hope this place does well. Great for families or an after work beer.This place is a gem. I went with a group of girls after the Harrison Ave. Stroll. The food was so yummy. I had the regular burger with pimento cheese. So good. We also had the deviled eggs. The eggs had such a wonderful crisp salami on the top of a yolk with a slight flavor of a muffaletta olive salad. Wonderful. The pimento cheese on the burger,  homemade. It truly reminded me of my childhood growing up in Texas. Everything I would have had at any amazing BBQ.Pretty disapointing. Expensive for what you get. The burned my daughters grilled cheese and seemed to use the outside sides of burger buns for the inside of the sandwhich. Because a grilled cheese is pretty hard I guess. Guy seemed high and impatient taking our order. Good beer thoughThe food was great, the service was prompt and friendly. A little pricey but the food was worth it. If you want a good burger this is the place.Very friendly staff, quick service and very large servings. Great charbroiled burger with plenty of cheese and bacon. Pulled pork sandwich so loaded with pork that it won't fit in your mouth. Great neighborhood burger joint.Can not compliment the staff enough. Very mic and accommodating.  Plus the beer selection is on point (Covington, Parish, Louisiana only.). When you do arrive, ask for secret menu items; namely the Mooink (half moo half oink). The only thing missing for that 5th star is the fact that inside is pretty warm due to the exposed kitchen...  HIGHLY RECOMMEND.We love this place! The food is delicious, the atmosphere is great, and the playground is priceless. It's so wonderful to be able to come out with our daughter and meet up with friends over drinks and good food. Even our childless friends enjoy the backyard! The addition of fans outside makes the NOLA heat a bit more bearableDelicious food, great service, and the staff were very helpful. I had the sloppy joe and they make it from the burnt brisket ends. Best sloppy joe I've ever had!Love this place! I got the burger with fries. I added cheese and grilled onions. It was delicious. My friend got the pulled pork and tater tots, which were also good. The sides are big enough to share so when I go back I would only order one. Also love that they have Barq's Creme Soda!I finally got to try The Backyard today for lunch and was very impressed. The food was great and the service was very friendly. What a thoughtful concept and great addition to the neighborhood.So now I know where everyone is hiding!!! This place has some really awesome specials and the Food is what hits the spot! Iove that after a certain time, kids are NOT allowed.
This spot is the place to be for anyone in the area! If not? Just über home because you don't want to miss out
I can't get over the pulled pork or the smoked tuna! SMOKED TUNA,  GIRLS!!!  
This is the beginning of an awesome spot and if you aren't a regular by now...whats wrong with you?Great food and very kid friendly!!! The chicken sandwich was awesome and the homemade chips and dip were delicious !!I just experienced take out, so I cannot comment on the atmosphere, but will say that I will def come back.
wow   what a burger.  good lawd!I should have trusted my instincts.
I get it, there's something that feels "authentic" about a stripped-down menu that embraces the backyard home BBQs of yesteryear. Yet, I've waited to order because I just couldn't find anything that really popped.
Then I finally caved last night and ordered some takeout and here's what the experience was like:
PROS
- The lady who took my order was awesome and friendly 
- The order was ready CRAZY fast, as in 7 minutes after I hung up the phone
- Great BBQ sauce!
CONS
- The turkey on the turkey sandwich was somehow both dry and fatty at the same time
- The pulled pork was flavorless (though, the BBQ sauce obviously changed the game)
- Smoked tuna dip was straight up awful... not sure if it was just old but it was relatively flavorless (and the combo with chips was VERY salty (quick note: the smoked tuna dip at Peche, for example, is straight fire and somehow costs $1 less than The Backyard, defying all rules of logic)I come here pretty regularly for lunch and have never been disappointed. The burger is always fresh and I've also had the brisket and sloppy joe, which were both great as well. It's an amazing spot for kids, so if you are looking for something a bit more relaxed, you may want to come in the off hours, but don't miss it.This place is KID FRIENDLY! The place was full of families. The staff was friendly, and the food was yummy. My only -* is the lack of gluten free options, but I am getting used to that!
Will I go back? Yes, indeedy.The food and atmosphere are great.  A small playground for children 2-5.  Come for lunch and get a lunch combo - a burger or chicken sandwich, sweet potato fries, and a drink for $11.50.  They even have an outside tv for the saints game !Terrible I only give it two stars because prior to my last visit I had a decent hamburger..well my last visit was terrible. BIG MIke behind the counter was short with me and my wife when we ordered. We were celebrating so thought I would order something other than a hamburger.  
The brisket sandwich was horrendous, the sloppy Joe was not good and the chicken sandwich that my granddaughter ordered plain came out dressed. I will never go back. To bad.Great place to eat if you have kids. There is a playground out back for 2-5 year olds. So great to grab a beer, and sit at a picnic table while the kids play, waiting for our food.  Burger and brisket were delicious. Can't wait to come back.Tried two other well known bbq places that had waits for a table that were too long so we ended up at The Backyard. What a wonderful find! The pulled pork sandwich was terrific as was the burger. Would have given 5 stars but the sweet potato fries were over cooked and there seemed to be only one type of bbq sauce that was heavy on the vinegar. It would have been nice to have a traditional, southern style of sweet bbq sauce. Service was good and ambiance was nice. Also has outdoor tables for when the weather is nice. We will definitely be back!Good & interesting burger choices. Everything tasted fresh and good quality! Fries were great too. Good setup and atmosphere, but could stand to be a little cheaper. Another plus is the snowball stand right across the street.I've been waiting months for this place to open, and while they appear to still be in a soft opening, I couldn't be happier with how it's turned out so far. 
They know how to cook a damn good burger and make a stiff drink. And even though it's isn't necessarily a kids' place, they've got a kid's menu, and have a playground so me and the wifeypoo can enjoy those drinks I mentioned earlier.
I'm looking forward to spending a lot of time there.The pimento cheese dip was quite tasty. Burgers and chicken sandwich were very filling and well cooked. The atmosphere is unique and fun. Would definitely recommend to people in the area. Went for both lunch and dinner.On the far east end of Harrison Avenue, almost to the line between Metairie and New Orleans, is this unassuming building with a small-ish parking lot in front. On the front and side porch is seating, and televisions, and you can order at the window, not having to go inside at all. Walking in, the interior gives off an industrial vibe, with an open kitchen to watch the cooks do their magic. Order at the counter, and you can buy alcoholic beverages. They have some specialty drinks that sound great. There is a serve yourself fountain for carbonated beverages, and tea, both sweet and unsweetened. The ice is the small chip ice that I love. You take the number they give you after ordering and paying, and find a seat. They have seating indoors, on the front patio, and the highlight if you have kids, in the backyard that has a play ground. It looks pretty darn cool.
I have had the mufalletta deviled eggs, burgers, sloppy joe sandwich, the hot dog and the sweet potato fries. I have not had anything bad here. The turtle cheesecake is also pretty darn yummy. The restrooms are neat, clean and well stocked. 
I look forward to eating here, and bringing friends with me.The food was good. We had the brisket sandwich. Great flavor, BBQ sauce was unique. The one complaint we had was the prices. $12+ for just the sandwich. No sides. Fries were another $3.Great food, delicious drinks and a relaxed atmosphere. The playground is definitely for little guys. The hamburgers, and pulled pork sandwich were great. I would forego the fries next time. The drinks were delicious, especially the Stubborn Mule.This place is awesome. Food is great. The owner takes time to talk with you. Cold beer - good burgers.From the minute you walk in the door, the "neighborhood friends" greet you with so much hospitality and happiness that you feel like you're visiting your best childhood friend from YOUR OWN neighborhood!  The smoked wings that we split were nearly the size of turkey wings and smoked perfectly, moist and tender fall of the bone meat on the inside without being dry but crispy crackle skin on the outside.  I had the regular burger with 2 flat patties, a little overdone for my taste but delicious.  I'm sure if I asked for 1 thick patty, they would have perfected this delectable structure.  But the hit of the afternoon was the Boom Burger.  My wife got it without a bun.  She cut a bite for me to taste which included the fresh Louisiana beef, mushrooms, caramelized onion and Swiss cheese drizzled in truffle oil.  WOW! BAM! It tasted like beef dish you would imagine getting at one of the five-star fine restaurants that require jacket & tie.  Without question, the BEST bar food experience with a picnic table atmosphere and counter service ordering that's brought to your table we've ever had.  To add compliments to enjoyment, their creative cocktails crafted behind a small limited stocked bar would rival some of the city's best mixologists.  The grand finally was the joke one of the managers shared as we were about to leave which confirmed the opening statement of feeling like you're in the old neighborhood of where you grew up and sealed the fate of this place being a regular spot for our family especially in the fall when it's cool enough to sit on the patio, let the kids play on the BACKYARD playground while we enjoy some college football!Great food, great customer service and a nice neighborhood spot to bring the little ones so they can eat and play!Went in for lunch at 1:30, no one around but it was chilly outside so that didn't surprise me. They had a brisket sandwich on special that sounded great, but I was there for the burger. I got a single patty burger with bacon, tomato,  lettuce, mayo and pickles with a side of tots. Burger was very good, definitely had a cargrilled "backyard" bqq favor and was cooked wonderfully. The tots on the other hand where a little disappointing. They tasted like they where either cooked to long or maybe like the oil needed to be changed. The tots I had and the fries my husband got where a darker brown, not that crispy golden color I was hoping for. We only ate a few of the tots and fries before throwing in the towel. Over all the burger is good and the side are big enough to share. Wouldn't say I won't go back, but it won't be my next burger.Were always happy to see great new spots in lakeview! Backyard NOLA is a great neighborhood spot to grab a burger and fries , a drink or two! They have such a laid back atmosphere , custom grill , a great outdoor play area where kids can write with chalk on the fence, great food and great staff. Ashley is the best ! :)It's nice to have a good, quality burger joint in the neighborhood. The environment is very clean and welcoming to families, yet at the same time, they have a great beer selection and small cocktail menu, so it would still be a great option for dinner with friends or an after work meal.
We wanted to try a little bit of everything when we went, so the girlfriend and I went a little crazy while ordering. First, we started with the wings. Wow! They were absolutely delicious. Both of us are pretty enamored with hot wings, so we have had our fair share of wings around here. Definitely in my top 3 in New Orleans! I wish they offered a spicier version, because I like to ear wings that make me sweat, but the Crystal based sauce was very good. I'll definitely be back for some wings!
Now on to the burgers. We split a veggie burger and a burger with pimento cheese. The regular burger was wonderful, and was everything a burger should be. It was simple, straightforward, and very tasty. You can tell that they use high quality ingredients. No frills, no gimmics; just delicious meat, bread and cheese. Company Burger used to be my go-to, but now I think I just end up at whatever place is closest to me!
I'm very torn about the veggie burger. The ingredients and texture was were both impressive and surprising. It was one of the few veggie burgers that actually had a texture very similar to ground meat. It was also loaded with tons of fresh veggies, and dressed with avocado slices. However, there was way too much chipolte powder, to the point where it was all you can taste. It was overwhelmingly smoky and slightly bitter. It was a shame because besides that, it was perfect.
We also got a side of tots. Would order again, crisp and flavorful. The portion was large too, enough to share.
I highly recommend the Backyard, and I'm excited for my next visit as well!UPDATE: They DO have complimentary wifi! Customers just have to ask for the password! 
VERY family friendly. They have a closed off and secure feeling playground for kids. There is outdoor seating and fans for the summer. They do not have complimentary wifi unfortunately. As far as food goes, the burgers are pretty good. But order the tater tots instead of french fries because they a thick crinkle cut and have been under cooked the last 2 times I ordered them so they were a bit soggy. I've eaten here several times and the tots are consistently crispy. Despite that, I would highly recommend this spot!Went there while visiting my son based on yelp reviews. I don't know what I was expecting but it wasn't this. The food and drinks were tasty enough but you are literally in a backyard in a residential neighborhood on picnic tables. There is no table service only a walk up window. The place was empty with the exception of a couple of tables and one family  that let their kids run around screaming with no regard to other people. Like I said not what I was expecting but if you have kids and want somewhere casual where they can run around it's perfect place.Great food. I tried the Burgers, chicken wings, fries, tater tots! All delicious. Great ice for beverages as well. You know a place that has good ice really means business. And fun atmosphere and concept for kids. Picnic tables outside and a playground for kids that will occupy their time for hours and a huge tv for games. Employees were very nice and efficient as well.A friend and I stopped there for lunch. First time. Not good. I ordered a burger and it had soooo much salt, I could barely eat it. My friend ordered the wings.....they were horrible!! Very very tough!!! No flavor. Will not be returning!!I really wanted to like this place and I do have some positive things to say about the backyard. The place looks very divi and was excited to see the board with all the selections. You order up front and then find a seat. Several great selections including several bbq options.  We had a large group so we were lucky to sample a several items. We were excited about the deviled eggs and were surprised when they tasted store bought. The cheesdip was also terrible and cold. The potatoe salad looked old and tasted sour. I will say that the ribs were pretty good along with the hot sausage sandwich. I was also surprised at the demeanor the staff had. Just had a look of I don't want to be here. Rude looks. The food came out super fast which worried me a little. Too many choices in NOLA to try this place again.I had high expectations for this place, but it was just okay. The tater tots were really good, but the burger was just basic. I'd prefer atomic or mooyah over it. The inside was really hot & muggy.  Might go again to try something else, but def not a go to type restaurantSo, the Backyard is this little awesome watering hole in the most convenient spot on Harrison in Lakeview. I got here and the first thing you notice is the chill atmosphere and the cloud of awesomeness coming from the smoker. Not to mention the super delicious bartenders that aren't on the menu.  There's a play set for kids but don't let that fool you. The Backyard isn't just for kids. It's where the adults play. 
The Backyard, known for the house smoked wings, burgers, and hot dogs ( OH MY!), is the best spot to get some drinks with some girlfriends or just for a boys night out. There's always a great crowd of good looking people there for those of you who eat with your eyes, come on out!  The margaritas are strong and the beer selection is pretty nice. It is limited, BUT it doesn't limit your experience! The best part is that the Backyard stays open until whenever you leave. It's got the feels of a bunch of friends and family just hanging out and eatin'  good food! I've lost track of the minutes that have turned into hours here. 
SO, the next time you're looking for a spot to have some drinks and cool down after settling down the kids...come on out to the Backyard. It's like going to a friend's house and what could be wrong with that? 
Let's go, guys! 
Let's make this spot where the locals go! 
Because if it's not the Backyard, it's not home!Great place to hang out with the family or friends.  The food is delish and I love the play area in the actual back yard.  Wait staff is friendly and the atmosphere was great.  Highly recommend!Cute little spot to have lunch/dinner with indoor and outdoor seating areas. There's even a little playground for kids outside. I've been here twice and the burgers are pretty good. 
Super friendly staff. You order first and then find seating. 
I wish they had more burgers to choose from though. I got the boom burger and I like the little kick of spice you get from it. Other options are sloppy joes, hot dogs, ribs, and chicken sandwiches. My brother's grilled chicken sandwich was pretty good-he added raw jalapeños which made it ever better. Love that they have tater tots, fries, and sweet potato fries. The regular fries are a little too potato-y for me but that's just me haha. Overall, pretty good and would def come back!How you gonna charge $9 for a subpar kids cheeseburger? I tried a bite. Overdone, thin and absolutely nothing special. Would have been better off taking my kid to Wendy's. It came with a drink and a tiny tiny fruit cup, but still $9?! That was we spent on the pulled pork sandwich and more than the chicken sandwich we also purchased. I guess you pay for the playground out back. 
As for our grown-up food, mediocre. Service was mediocre. All around mediocre. NOLA is a foodie paradise, you can do much better here. 
There are some perks though: the set up is great. We enjoyed the fast casual ordering and the outdoor area. Having the playground and picnic tables was great. If you're a tired parent, it's worth the so-so food for the convenience of the playground and laid back atmosphere.this place; i'm don't typically drink beer, but  what they have to offer; all the staff are super friendly;  the zeus & sweet potato fries ; look fwd to going back to try moreThe food is amazing here, but the price tag does add up if you're getting a whole combo (burger, fries, and drink). It's got a nice atmosphere, perfect for sitting outside or inside to watch a game. The cashier was helpful and the service was quick.First time coming here, won't be back. The big oaf who brought us our food was rude when I told him my brother did not get the beer he ordered. His response was "you should have been faster. Someone probably grabbed it." No, the girl who took our order didn't give him one. We didn't know how beer ordering works as it was our first time here. His attitude left a bad taste in my mouth. The sweet potato fries were cold. The Zeus chicken sandwich I got was ok. My brother got the brisket sandwich and tots. The tots were cold and the brisket was fatty.  The food is overpriced for what it is. I'll pick somewhere else to go next time. I gave it two stars because the atmosphere was nice.The specialty burgers are deeeelicious!!!!
I've been here twice and got different specialty burgers. My friends enjoyed the specialty burgers as well. Look like this will be our hangout spot! Highly recommended if you want delicious specialty  burgers!Got the pulled pork and the sloppy joe, with sweet fries! All was delicious and i love that you can bring your dog to dine with you outside! A little pricier for a BBQ place but not too bad!The brisket sandwich here is awesome!! It's super kid friendly as well and a great place to bring the whole family!The food was great and so was the atmosphere. The service... not so much. The guy taking orders was a prick. He acted as though we were bothering him while we were ordering our food and drinks. I wouldn't say he was rude, but he just didn't care. It made for a rather unpleasant experience even though the food was delicious. The ladies bringing food to the tables were slightly better. I have no desire to come back here again.Perfect for young kids! We had burgers and grilled cheese. Price was right and the kids had a blast playing on the playground. Even in June, outside dining was so cozy and relaxed.I ordered one burger and fries 40 minutes ago, on a Monday night, and still no food. They are NOT busy. I don't care how good this food is. No joint should take this long on a Monday night with a slow crowd.We had the lunch specials which were the Chicken sandwich combo and the burger combo. It not the best burger I've had but it's a good one. The chicken was juicy, tender, with a smoky finish on the outside which gave it lots of flavor. The fries seem homemade, well seasoned and pretty good. I like that you can customize your order however you like. The bbq sauce was very liquified and on the tangy side but was nice to try something different. 
The staff is awesome! Very friendly and understanding. 
The set up is so nice, it was 90 degrees outside but with the fans and the water spritzers it felt like spring. No wonder the place was full, it's an great place for a date, a quick lunch or to hangout with friends. I will definitely go back!I've never been to a restaurant that made me feel like I was sitting outside when I actually wasn't. I love the atmosphere and the decor of the restaurant! The service was excellent! The manager walked around to every table to make sure everything was going well and we were enjoying ourselves. Aside from the decor and service, I would like to talk about the food I enjoyed. For appetizer we got Homemade Pimento Cheese Dip. The cheese dip was served cold with a side of homemade potato chips...wasn't too fond of it. I think I would much prefer the Dip served hot or the Dip served with crackers. The saltiness from the dip and potato chips was too much for me. As for my burger selection, I got the Boom Burger with a side of tater tots. The Boom Burger had two patties with a truffle oil portobello reduction. The patties itself lacked flavor, but the truffle oil portobello reduction was to die for! I would probably order the burger again just for the truffle oil portobello reduction. The tater tots were super crispy also! Overall, I would definitely come back.First time coming here, won't be back. The big oaf who brought us our food was rude when I told him my brother did not get the beer he ordered. His response was "you should have been faster. Someone probably grabbed it." No, the girl who took our order didn't give him one. We didn't know how beer ordering works as it was our first time here. His attitude left a bad taste in my mouth. The sweet potato fries were cold. The Zeus chicken sandwich I got was ok. My brother got the brisket sandwich and tots. The tots were cold and the brisket was fatty.  The food is overpriced for what it is. I'll pick somewhere else to go next time. I gave it two stars because the atmosphere was nice.Food was awesome. Great service. Environment was relaxing warm and inviting. Has great outside area also a fenced in outside area with play area for kids. It's a great family environment. Highly recommend this place.Excellent veggie burger! I ordered takeout, and was a little worried because the menu said the Farmyard burger had beets. But they were chopped finely as part of the patty, not sliced on top of the patty, and you can't taste them. The patty was moist. The mole sauce and pepper jack cheese added a little kick, but it's not terribly spicy. Also got the tots, which were great, and the $3 side was enough for two people. Service was very fast!The burgers and sandwiches in this place are so good! I love the outdoorsy atmosphere here.
Service is okay and parking is not always easy.
I have been here twice and can't wait to go back!Quick review: Go here fo sho. Get the boom burger and a beer on tap. Also get double fries because they are the most perfectly cooked fries on the planet. 
For the type A yelper: 
Are ya looking for a killer burger place with mouth watering burgers that are big, juicy, & flavorful? 
Are ya looking for golden, crispy fries that have the perfect amount of crunch? 
Are ya looking for a place with great beer selections  that pair perfectly with aforementioned killer burgers? 
Are ya looking for a laid-back, family friendly atmosphere to enjoy good, filling food while watching the game? 
Then pls do yourself a favor and check out the backyard? The burgers are well cooked and filling and the fries OH THE FRIES  Also loved the rosè cider they had on tap! Great beer selection and friendly staff. Order at the counter, grad a number and a cold one and then enjoy sitting outside on the picnic style tables- it's the perfect summertime spot. 
I got the boom burger with pesto and MAN definitely top 3 burgers I've had in my life. Please check it out!! 
Also shout out to the guy that was working around 3pm on Tuesday, April 23, 2019. Three ladies came in after taking a 5 hour medical board exam and were puffy eyed, hungry, and emotional and he was very patient and kind and made us laugh!! Thank you for helping us through our stress tears. 
Bonus info: place is super clean. Parking is a pain with the small lot on a weekend night when it's busy so park down the street. Playground in the back for kiddos.Amazing food cooked to order, delicious sides and friendly staff. I keep getting the same chicken sandwich and tots. Great local spot.The boyfriend and I finally stopped here for some late afternoon lunch and drinks. The photos on Yelp don't do it justice, this place is super cute in person! 
Come on in, order at the counter, and the lovely people will bring your food out to you regardless of if you sit by the playground, on the porch, or inside.  
I was really pleased with the price: $6 single patty burger, $8 special sandwich, 2 beers, 2 margaritas, and sweet potato fries for roughly $50 with tip.  Huge perk that I need to check out is the Monday burger and pint deal for $10!!! Otherwise, their happy hour starts at 3pm and is $1 off beer and wine.  
My pulled pork sandwich (the special) was soooo delicious! Large hunks of meat, great coleslaw on top, and a killer sauce makes it a winner! The boyfriend got the single patty burger (he had just eaten before lol) and admitted the double patty would be a better bun to meat ratio (he likened it to an in-n-out burger).  
I loved that they had canebrake and other local beers on tap ($6 drafts), loved the outdoor seating, and will definitely be back to try more stuff on the menu! 
Also, they allow dogs in the front porch area but not in the backyard with the kids (makes sense).  Only big downside was the margarita needed some serious help, it was too large, too sweet, and rather unbalanced in flavors.  I see this place only getting better and better as they get more comfortable in the location and what they're trying to do :)Not too bad, good local place with a limited menu. Most of the time the burgers and chicken are cooked well and taste good. Recently I ordered two Zeus sandwiches and the chicken was burnt. Not sure how they allowed that to make it to the table but I'll continue to try it, when I'm in the mood for a quick meal.Really good but kinda pricey! Tuna dip is SPOT on and the grilled chicken sandwich was sooo goodTheir sloppy joe is pretty good. It has a smoke flavor to it. The sandwich bread is tasty. The burger is a double pattie. This is one of my favorite places to get a burger. 
I love their deviled eggs.Great food! BBQ sauce was phenomenal and portions are large. Try the tuna dip too! Homemade potato chips!The food is average, but the prices are pretty inflated. Being in Lakeview probably attributes to a portion of the inflation. 
I like the setup and concept of the restaurant, but the food just doesn't match the price. The staff seemed friendly, but it's still hard to fathom paying almost $15 for an average burger and fries. Fries are decent, but they still don't make this a place I'd likely return. 
One benefit is that if you're craving a burger on Sunday, they are open unlike Cowbell and Fharmacy.Great spot for local brews and burgers! I embarked on this little gem driving down West Harrison Ave and decided to give it a try. 
This restaurant is dog-friendly and absolutely kid-friendly! They have a play set outdoors for the kiddos to play while the parents can sit back and watch local sports on flat screen tvs while drinking a brew. 
I ordered the original burger which comes with 2 patties (classic burger). The bun was delicious and soft. The patties had great flavor and I especially loved the pickles! I also ordered the tots and they were crispy enough, however, they did taste freezer burnt.
Next time I am in the area, I want to try the chili cheese hot dogs and another side item instead of the tots. Overall, great atmosphere, excellent staff and solid location.If you like greasy food prepared by disinterested stoners for whom bathing and clean clothes are optional, this is your place! I ordered a chicken sandwich and was served pulled pork. When I corrected the server, he seemed aggravated that I would not accept what he chose to present. He relented but added it would take 12 minutes to cook. He did ask what they could do for me. I told him to throw in an order of cole slaw. He said he would "see what he could do." We never saw him again. At $10-12 per sandwich, $3 for cole slaw and overpriced beer, a free order of slaw seemed like a small request to make up for THEIR screw up. Take my advice, go get Popeyes for your family, have a better meal, and use the money you save to go buy a couple of cases of your favorite brew.This place was amazing. Had our granddaughter unexpected and had to change plans. We where glad we did. Food was fantastic and the back yard with playground made for a perfect after noon. Service was top notch.Super chill place. Great burger and sloppy joe! Service is friendly and tvs inside and out for watching the game.Came here for dinner with a small group and it was pretty good.  I got the brisket sandwich with tater tots and a canebrake.  The brisket was, admittedly, pretty mediocre.  Not the best I've had, but certainly not the worst.  The tator tots were definitely very good and crispy.  And the canebrake, as always, was quite smooth.
I'd go back for come close-by bbq, and to try some of the other items.The Zeus chicken sandwich is my favorite and they always have new specials on deck.
Great lunch spot during the day for a quick and delicious meal. 
The outdoor section is well equipped with tv's and seating, not to mention a kid play area.We were looking for a place to gather with moms and kids and started here. Great inside and outside spaces, good food option for kids and adults, and nice beverage options. Such a great idea and it was hoping, filled in a Friday at 6pm with parents and young kids. This place could be cool sans children after dark.I was excited to try this place because it has an outdoor playground for kiddos. However, the first time I just went with some mommas for afternoon brews and play date, but it took almost 5 minutes for someone to acknowledge me at the order window. When they did, the girl who took my order knew very little about the beer they had on tap. I also ordered a boom burger and pimento cheese to share. I was underwhelmed by the pimento cheese. The bun was soaked through with grease plus I could not even taste the flavor of mushrooms which was a bummer cause I was looking forward to that.Kind of small and out of the way, but I am a devoted fan of well-cooked brisket.  There are plenty of people who claim to know how to cook it, but very few really do.  These folks not only cook it correctly but also give you a choice of cut - I always get the marbled, FYI.  It is a little pricey, but OMG that brisket melts in your mouth.  I wish it were closer to my house but it is well worth the drive when I am craving some moo moo cow!Food here is A+ and the service is really good! Only negative thing I would say is that it gets a little too pricey.Will never order food from this place. It was really nasty. Also a bottle of water for $3.00Backyard never fails to please.  It's my go to spot for a flat grilled chicken sandwich with tots and an icy brew.  I like to hit it up when the boys are away like tonight.  Tonight my server (Daniel I think) hooked me up with a mix of cane brake and  some new fruity tart beer I've been wanting to try called SIPS.  It wasn't quite what I was expecting but glad he suggested half and half for a tasty compliment to my awesome grilled chicken.  I like dining inside at the bar on hot nights like tonight, plus I get to watch all the kitchen popping.  If you've never been it's a cool little joint and great for the kids too.I ordered a chicken sandwich, it was amazing. Love the food. I love how they are on the ordering apps so when I don't want to leave my house I can just order it. It was amazing food. Definitely recommend this to anyone looking for great burgers or chicken sandwich'sI really enjoy this place. Perfect place for lunch on a beautiful day. I got The Zeus, which is grilled chicken, lettuce, olive, red onion, and a feta dressing. I guess I just described a Mediterranean sandwich, and Backyard does a tasty one. I recommend. Also ordered were The Pork and The Burger, both were devoured happily. If in Lakeview, this is a great spot for lunch.
Note: Great place to take kids as they can run around on the playground. Also, good for groups.We were New Orleans for vacation and were looking for somewhere good to eat. Burgers sounded good so we went to The Yard. The burgers were delicious per the rest of the group and I had the Zues Chicken sandwich which was devious. The sweet potato fries were fabulous! We also tried the Muffalattaa Eggs were awesome! It was definitely two thumbs up!Shhh our little secret. Not really!! The posts are out. 
Really had a blast here drinking frose and watching the girls play. The food was really good burgers, fries etc but kind of expensive. 
I definitely think the park is worth it. You can sip and watch the kids run around inside or outside. Really up and coming neighborhood in lakeview.Pretty good place. Good service. The day I went the soda machine was out so they gave me a can of coke and replenished when I ran out, so that was nice. Nothing really out of the ordinary but didn't disappoint.It's good but no napkins on the table at a bbq place? Brisket sandwich was tender and moist. Ribs hot to the touch not fall off the bone and a little hard to cut with the plastic knife. Pulled pork well it's pulled pork. Descent seating inside but lots of room outside. Ordering is a little slow line gets backed up. Lots of people here on a Sunday. I would do again.Everything is terrific, including the small details. Buns are noticeably delicious, the coleslaw is fresh and creamy, and the homemade pickles are fantastic. As a Texan I'm pretty snobby about BBQ but I have to admit that this was damned good. It would be a hit anywhere in Texas. Other must tries are the smoked salmon and tuna. They're both crazy good and quite unique. 
I just tried the pimento cheese, several of the burgers and the tots. I don't like pimento cheese on most days, but this had a rich thickness topped with crispy and smokey bacon bits. Great sear on the burgers, apparently courtesy of their custom made cast iron griddle. And the tots - OMFG. Frozen tots fried in lard with slow smoked BBQ drippings - insanely good. Hard to believe that the same frozen tot that is served everywhere can be so transformed with such a delicately crispy exterior.  The attention to details on all dishes is incredible. 
I can't recommend this place enough.Good neighborhood place. Quality food, comfortable ambiance. Get the tots. Pulled  pork is a good choice.Consistently delicious! I'm never not been satisfied or disappointed. 
Their deviled eggs are divine. 
I finally tried their pulled pork sandwich. It is served on a bun. The pork had a tasty BBQ sauce with a nice smoky flavor. 
Their tatter tots are always served hot and crispy. 
I'm definitely becoming a regular here.The food is good but this restaurant does not adhere to any COVID or sanitation guidelines in the kitchen. I recently went into this restaurant on evening of 10/2/20. There were tons of people outside eating and when I walked in to order to go, I saw at least 4 line cooks preparing food in close vicinity of each other  talking and eating without masks on. They had on gloves but were eating food with them on in the midst of preparing food for guests. I was greeted by a employee after standing, observing for about 5 min and stated to him that I would like to order but was concerned about the lack of masks and cooks eating while preparing food. The guy told me can't I see they're busy right now and I was not supposed to come in without ringing a doorbell. I was floored. I asked for a manager and not only complained about the rude treatment I received from the employee but the lack of sanitation in the kitchen. The manager saw the staff do exactly what I was complaining about while we were speaking and did absolutely nothing. I pray no one tests positive for COVID 19 that patronized that restaurant that day. In these times I try to support small businesses but I will never go to this restaurant again, for the health sake of me and my family.I went here yesterday for a late lunch, and I really enjoyed it! It was such a pretty day, so we sat outside in the backyard part. It really is a cute concept and seems great for kids. I ordered a chicken sandwich topped with pimento cheese and a lakeview lemonade. I thought the chicken sandwich was awesome! The cheese was really good and just the right amount. I'm also a fan of their pickles. I tried my friends sweet potato fries and thought those were also really good. The lakeview lemonade was not what I expected, but it was pretty strong! My only complaint is that the prices are kind of high, but I think they are worth it.I'm a cry baby when it comes to fat on my meat! I gotta say, my brisket sandwich was soooo good!! I will definitely order again!!Amazing service and even crazier food! This place is the one to stop at if you're needing that BBQ fixPulled pork sandwich was delicious.  Both BBq sauces  had some great flavor.  Staff was attentive, helpful, and kept on a smile.  Definitely stop by for some Yummo food!!We've been to the place twice. Both times they have had a line and only one register. The process takes a rather long time. The Farmer's Market is a great burger, but the price for burgers is a bit on the high side considering sides are $3. 
The woman taking our orders seems to be either brand new or brand new to running a cash register. Both times I never witnessed a sense of urgency with her at the register. 
We would love to come for lunch someday but with only one person taking orders and limited lunch time it doesn't seem likely. 
The food is good but not sure worth the wait.First time trying the Backyard and it was very good! They take social distancing seriously and have only a few tables on the inside all a good distance apart. I got the wings and my fiancé the brisket sandwich. Both delicious! The ranch was AMAZING. There is no serve yourself drinks so you get bottles soda. My fiancé had to wait a while for refills but the staff was very friendly just not attentive as maybe they could be.Came to Backyard on one of my bike rides. Large outdoor seating area is great. Problem I had was I was expecting a char-broiled burger and instead they use a flat top which I don't like. I ended up getting the grilled chicken which was huge but pretty tasteless I had to add bbq sauce to it. One of my friends ordered the brisket which actually looked great if I come back I will try that next time. The fries are standard nothing special, the potato salad looked like a better option. Overall not impressed.I was hungry and really wanted to like this place. But its basic. Hot sausage was good. Fries are crinkle fries.. good. But... its overpriced for what you get.. froze' was ok. But the large comes in a 12oz cup. Not for meTake-out order: This burger left a lot to be desired.  I've been to The Backyard in the past, and I haven't noticed the super thin hamburger patty until now. It was about as thin as a Wendy's burger. Not to mention, they didn't even toast the bun. All in all, I've had a really good (bigger) burger there previously, but today it was just... an expensive Wendy's burger. I was also disappointed that they wrapped the tator tots in foil which made the extremely soggy. They are MUCH better hot and crispy at the restaurant.Normally I get great food from The Backyard. Bit today getting my purchase to go was a mistake. I got home a got a surprise of two orders of tots that were over done, crispy hard, dark and damn near burnt, just plain unsatisfactory . Not just slightly over done...but to the point where they should not have been packaged to a customer. But after driving home...no one is in the mood to drive back to return them even after paying good money for them.
So now I just have a mental note to maybe not chose The Backyard first. Next time I'll try the other hand made burger joint instead.
On a secondary note, my burger was delicious.Decided to try a different BBQ place in Nola and wound up at The Backyard Nola. The girl taking orders at the counter was the absolute sweetest person I have ever encountered. She served me up a delicious smoked turkey sandwich with gravy and cranberry relish. Oh, and I can't forget the frozen marg! It definitely had a kick. I wasn't super impressed with the sides options, but I had a great BBQ lunch for 1 on the patioFor me, these are my favorite wings in the city!!! $12 for 8 pieces may seem pricy for "wings" but not these wings!! Sure you can go get cheaper wings but the wings here are very meaty!!  And the QUALITY!!! The smoke is present even through the crystal hot sauce and the blue cheese dressing!! Damn, if you like blue cheese, this is super world class!!! I can tell it's freshly made bc the quality of the chunky blue cheese.  Tastes like a Danish blue!  So I know it's quality them. Not the prayer bag cheap blue cheese.  So I taste the ranch. Superb. For me it could of been a touch thicker and maybe some fresh herbs in it.  But all the same very good. Also the QUALITY allows you to learn that not only are they house made but not cheaply made!  So I can understand the price point. If they ever do a .50 cent wing night then they would $5k in business that night!! Look at Moe's bbq on Monday.  I was able to taste the pimento cheese as well. Thick not too much mayo. Fresh grated cheese so none of that sprayed stuff. Important.  Studded with pimento peppers. Chips are extra Crunchy. I am fan of crunchy textures.Excellent food, great service, great vibe. We went here today with our 4 kids and everyone loved it. The chicken wings are out of this world! We will definitely be back.This was a nice place. It's in a pretty cool location too. Plenty of social distancing between tables. The servers all had masks on and were attentive. Note that the current menu displayed on their wall isn't as up to date as their digital menu. For instance, the brisket on a bun as of Jan 2021 is now $15 instead of $13. Pretty steep price but the food delivered. It was very tender and I enjoyed it.  Currently the fountain drink machine isn't accessible due to safety protocol so any drink you get will have to be handled by the staff and delivered to you. Might be a nice place to come back to to try their outdoor dining when the weather isn't super hot or super cold. All in all a good spot though, albeit with a pricey menu.The food is delicious - pure and simple. Our first day in New Orleans and we had already made a plan to visit this place. Ordering via walk-up was easy but choosing exactly what to get was a bit more difficult... it all sounded so good. Ultimately, we chose The Brisket and The Zeus (my son got The Burger, not pictured) and it was everything we imagined. I could probably eat The Zeus several times a week and be happy - the onions, feta , and olives were the perfect accompaniment to the grilled chicken. oh em gee!! We loved the outdoor seating with lots of tables and The Backyard looked like such a fun place to eat and gather with friends, especially when the weather is nice. We live about 7+ hours away but I wish we could visit more often!!The backyard is great for parents who want to get out. They have great drinks and literally a backyard with a jungle gym for the kiddos to run wild in. The staff is always nice and super helpful. We have enjoyed ourself every time we come here.This is a cool place! There is a yard with play structures for kids and big wooden tables with folding chairs. It definitely has a picnic/campground feel to it! There are also tables and things inside. We ordered the hot wings- yum! Sweet potato fries- very good here. And two burgers with pimiento cheese, other dressings and bacon. The burgers were good, but because they were cooked pretty thin, all of my toppings kind of covered up the actual burger taste. Next time, I will go more simple so I can really taste the grilled burger as well! I can't wait to go back :)Man, talk about good..Had a party of 6 and 4 got burgers and 2 got brisket sandwiches.  The table was so quiet when the food came cause it was so darn good. Definitely added to my lost of places near Lakeview to frequentThis place was delicious the burgers are super flavorful and they're following COVID guidelines which we appreciatedDelicious! The food is so good we didn't even take pictures. 
The tater tots and sweet potato fries were amazing!!! Would go back JUST for that! 
Great service. It was a cold Thursday night, but the food and service was just as good. We really enjoyed it and cannot wait to go back.There was a slug in my fries. At least I got a full refund, but only after asking. Their first offer was a free order of new fries...I came here for the first time today and the girl taking orders at the counter highly recommended a brisket sandwich so that's what I got. Also ordered a side of tots on the side. 
Food: brisket sandwich was good, but a little on the dry side. Tator tots were the perfect amount of crispy. My boyfriend had the deviled eggs and didn't really like them. Generous food portions. 
Price: a little on the pricey side for what you're getting. Brisket sandwich with tots came out to around $16. 
Service: The employees working here are all so friendly! Super helpful and everyone likes to make conversation. Food came out surprisingly fast. 
Location: good amount of tables inside.  Some seating outside as well. Small parking spaces in the front. Order at the counter and they bring your food to the table 
Overall I would recommend this spot if you're craving a good burger/sandwich.After not being back fir a few years this place pays off. The food is just as excellent as it was when they open in 2015. 
My youngest approved it 100%. We were welcomed with open arms. The food is to day for.The food wasn't the best, but it wasn't the worst. I kinda only stopped her because I was so hungry and it was the closest thing to where I was driving. I got the burger which comes double pattied (way too much meat for me) but still a lot for a decent price. And there fries are crinkle cut and it's a lot of French fries. The burger wasn't seasoned very well and I tried covering the taste up with ketchup, onions, lettuce and cheese... didn't help much. I more than likely won't be back or recommend them but their service was really good and to each their own!Stopped by for a quick bite and selected the burger. Two patties of ground beef with lettuce tomato and onion. I added American cheese to my burger. Simply delicious. Burger was cooked perfect and it was delicious. I'd go back there for a quick burger again and again.So I'll preface by saying we did have an overall nice experience eating outside In the beautiful fall weather and will probably return to give this neighborhood joint another shot, but we definitely had a few grievances.
Love the atmosphere and the attentive and kind service and the concept of having a great place for the kiddos to play while the grow ups eat, chat, or watch the game. But if you don't have kids, beware, there are loooots of youngins here! 
As far as the food: our big complaint was the chicken sandwich, it was truly difficult to taste the marinade and spice blend over the immense amount of char on the chicken. It was hard to get past that burnt flavor that sort of permeated the sandwich. Would have loved for it to have retained some of its moisture too, as it was a bit dry. 
We also got the sloppy joe: nice to see a restaurant try to elevate a classic. But that old Manwich still holds fond memories for me, and while the fresh ingredients and great smokey spices and the choice to add some brisket may technically make this a "better" sandwich, there's something about eating an old from-the-can sloppy joe that's hard to improve upon. Still an enjoyable eat. 
Lastly I got the Burger. Really solid. Nice and juicy and hearty. Wish it would've been a little hotter when it finally got to me. Still very good, though potentially not as good as some other reviews made it out to be. 
Highlight, beyond dining outside in the fresh air, were the delicious tator tots!! Worth the $3 for that a la carte side. 
Definitely would go back and try some of the special daily sandwiches, as well as the deviled egg and tuna dip appetizers. Solid first experience over all!Do yourself a favor and order the smoked chicken wings. Crispy and savory with a light buffalo sauce... No blue cheese or ranch needed! My pulled pork on a bun was meat-tastic on a bed of semi sweet cole slaw with a perfectly roasted brioche bun. My hubby had the tuna blt on a bun and was very pleased... Huge chunks of tuna steak were a happy and delicious unexpected surprise. We will be eating here again soon.Thought i had found a great place.  Looks great but the Food is disgusting.  When my family went we all got hamburgers. The meat smelled old. Wont be returning.Came to kill time while the DMV was on their lunch break. It was only one waitress and what seemed like a manager for the entire full dining room and they kicked ass! Speedy and friendly service. I Didn't care for the bbq sauce but that's just preference, the pulled pork was juicy and flavorful enough without it.This is a great place for families.   I felt the staff went above and beyond to accommodate my children.Doubt these guys will make it long term. Food is super basic and the atmosphere is as well. Is it American fare? BBQ? Pub cuisine? Either way, prices are elevated, cuz this is a high rent district.
Slaw is gross, avoid. Tots are strictly storebought. Burger ho-hum. 
Kudos for offering a veggie option! But sad panda for no fun alternatives to the all-sandwich menu, like ribs. No root beer? Something ain't right.Growing up in Tennessee and spending 25+ years during my career in Dallas, BBQ has always been a special treat. Backyard knocks it out of the park! Pulled pork, beef brisket or chicken; rest assured their recipes are simplistic, tantalizing and will exceed your expectations. The muffuletta deviled eggs are also the perfect appetizer.
Craft beers and signature cocktails will add the NOLA twist you have come to expect in the Big Easy for many generations of family and friends get togethers
The name says it all for the atmosphere however if the weather doesn't permit, the dining room screams "neighborhood local handout" and the outdoor picnic area will make you feel at home without having to clean up after your guests leave full and happy.
Great food, friendly and accommodating staff and a fantastic experience!Interesting spot serving great burgers, crispy tots, tender succulent brisket, and good muffeletta deviled eggs.  They made a nice honeysuckle vodka, aperol, and soda as well.Owner Jason Tournillon has created a perfect spot at The Backyard, a place that truly does live up to its name with a big backyard area that's perfect for drinking beer and relaxing on a nice day.
As far as the food goes, The Backyard keeps it simple with that summer barbecue vibe. You'll find sandwiches like brisket, pulled pork, turkey, chicken and sausage, as well as a burger and hot dog on the menu. Sides are simple but classic with fries, tater tots, potato salad and slaw.
While most barbecue places have a platter option, The Backyard is all about the sandwiches. I went with the pulled pork sandwich ($10), which comes topped with The Backyard's chimmi-slaw. I like to get two sides in these situations, so I opted for the tater tots ($3) and the Muffuletta Deviled Eggs ($6), which are technically an appetizer but I wanted to mix it up.
The sandwich was great and The Backyard's famed "not sweet" BBQ sauce was a perfect touch. The portion of pork was generous and the slaw did a good job of adding a crisp bite to the sandwich. The deviled eggs were so unique! Made with olive salad and topped with crisp genoa salami, I think this is a "must try" appetizer.
This place was made for summer. Who wouldn't want to munch down on a tasty sandwich while enjoying a beer in someone else's backyard? Let the folks here handle the grill, you just relax.
I made a list of best hidden BBQ for Very Local New Orleans and this l restaurant was on it! Read it here:https://nola.verylocal.com/bbq-new-orleans/228292/Amazing barbecue place so yummy and reasonably priced! The atmosphere is really cute! I will definitely be back here soon!An interesting little spot in Lakeview, which looks like one of our new breweries at first glance.  But it's not.  I think that's why I'm going 3 stars here, the place can't quite figure itself out?  
With mostly outdoor seating, you'll be eating your dinner with a side of screaming child.  There's a view of a playground, complete with slide and mulch while you munch. If you're a parent and you want to meet up with friends, this is a great spot for you!  
I ordered the wings and some folks I was with ordered the blue cheese chips.  I wasn't a huge fan of the wings, they almost seemed a little too messy and big and slightly under cooked.  Apparently they do all of their smoking in house though, which is cool!  The blue cheese chips were pretty delicious! 
Ordering was weird.  There is a window to outside, but it didn't look "open"?  Had to walk all the way around the restaurant to find the in-hole.  Difficult to navigate inside as well. 
They have an ok selection of draft beer and a full bar.  The watermelon drink was refreshing too!  
Overall, I think this place could really be something special for those who like to dine with their kiddos.  But for me, it's likely a pass.I was on the hunt for a good burger in the city, Yelp'd this place and man I'm happy I stopped though.  I kept it simple with a burger and added Pimento cheese.
Wow...
Great cut of meat, cooked amazingly, fresh and the pimento cheese SET IT OFF.  
Wow...
There's a limited bar selection and some cool local beers and cocktails.  But, you come here for the food.  
Great find.I used to eat here once a week when I lived around the corner. It was great then and is still the same now. Great food and service is always good.FASTEST BURGER I'VE EATEN IN YEARS
And it was HUGE! The double patty, pimento cheese burger with grilled onions and jalapeños at The Backyard is seductively good. I usually eat just half of any such monstrosity, and save the rest for later. But bite after bite I kept thinking - dang my body is loving this. I think it started when each foray ended up with at least a tablespoon of molten pimento cheese falling off onto the plate. Of course that required me slathering it back on the next bite which made that one all the better. And on and on.
OTHER OBSERVATIONS
1. The good of sitting at the counter: talking to the chef and watching a true short order kitchen
2. The issue of sitting at the counter: there is bad circulation and it gets very hot and smoky - your clothes will smell like grilled meat.
3. Regardless - I'd still sit at the counter.
4. Fountain drinks!
5. One of the better potato salads in the city - pecan sized chunks with a non mayonnaise-y slightly Tony-Cachere's-ed light sauce.This place was yummy and family friendly. We stopped on our way out of town. It's far from a "must stop" but it's good on your way out of town uf you need a quick bite.Everything is terrific, including the small details. Buns are noticeably delicious, the coleslaw is fresh and creamy, and the homemade pickles are fantastic. As a Texan I'm pretty snobby about BBQ but I have to admit that this was damned good. It would be a hit anywhere in Texas. Other must tries are the smoked salmon and tuna. They're both crazy good and quite unique.The lady who took my order was very rude . Then to top it all off it was a rat just sitting on the table having a bit to eat ! When I told the staff worker .... he just ran back inside . I thought I loved this place until I actually visited the location. In the past I would only order via UberEats !We went to the Backyard , on Harrison last night. There was 6 in our party. We all got burgers . It is a cute concept, except the price of the burgers is crazy $9.50 for a plain cheeseburger . There is two tiny ( maybe 2 oz.) (seriously over cooked ) because they are so small burgers on the bun. 
Have to say this was the worst burger ever !
5 burgers , 3 fries, 3 drinks for $71.00
CRAZY !!!!!!!I love this place! The staff is always so friendly and they always remember our order! My family and I always love going for the atmosphere but the beers and food keep us there for longer than expected! They have a frose that's better than any other I've had in the city! 
If you're ever in the lakeview area, stop in and try the Salmon Bahn Mi! And the smoked wings are super delicious! They're smoked and then fried! You're missing out if you don't check it out!Fast service. Friendly employees. Great place to watch football or any other sports game. 3 TVs inside a few outside. Will be back when the weather gets cooler to experience their patio area. Their burger normally come with two thin patties but you can get a single patty. The tater tots was perfectly fried!!