I don't usually post reviews and the few I have posted have been because of bad experiences and I was trying to warn others.
I have to post a review of the Daily Beet because this Orbit bowl was the Best meal I have ever had in a restaurant. The ingredients were fresh, taste fantastic, and great service.
Tasty smoothie and nice atmosphere but the entree was really great!
Highly recommend this place! 5Great spot for picking up a healthy but super tasty lunch. Love that I can order online and pick up.I went here yesterday and I got the original smoothie which is strawberry banana vanilla, my boyfriend got the blue dream smoothie which is blueberry pineapple mango banana and agave. I think it was about $15 which I guess is a lot. But literally when you think "I want a smoothie" this place gives you that exact smoothie texture and taste. It was so good. I really want to try the mexicali salad next time I get a chance.This place is phenomenal! Fresh, affordable, and incredibly tasty. I got the Supreme Toast and not only did it look beautiful (I tried to snap an obligatory hash-tag-avocado-toast picture but got too excited and it didn't save) but it was filling enough to get me through mid-afternoon. I also got to sample a smoothie and some matcha lemonade, both refreshing and perfect for a muggy New Orleans morning. My only complaint is that there's not one closer to my house!This new juice bar is incredible. Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Delicious selection of smoothies. The bowls are generous sizes and gourmet ingredients. Plenty of seating with wifi.  I really enjoyed everything this place has to offer!Loved this place it was my daily while staying in Nawlins. Their mint smoothie is absolutely amazing. I really enjoyed the bowl I had the morning I believe it was named. I feel these dishes were very pretty and can be replicated at home which is a pretty nice feature. The smoothie was my favorite hands down.YUM! This place is so good! The food here fills you up without giving you that "I need to take a nap now" feeling. The customer service was great, they were very informative of the meals and smoothies available. I asked for a chai tea and they told be they don't offer it but tried to offer a similar alternative. This tells you that they really care about their customers. The only thing I thought was odd was they don't offer soy milk! I love soy but its okay, you can't always get what you want. This is the type of restaurant where you can pretty much order anything and it will probably end up being delicious. I ordered the rainbow bowl, it was flavorful and I highly recommend it. Thank you for providing great food, a great experience and overall good vibes.If you are craving a healthy escape from lovely & delicious (but often greasy Southern food), look no further :) Delicious smoothies, filling and yummy healthy bowls and fresh juices and açaí bowls. Kids friendly. We loved it and returned twice during our NO tripWe loved stopping in here for breakfast when we were in New Orleans. They have a variety of toasts; we tried both the avocado and beet toasts....both were very good, but the beet toast, paired with creamy goat cheese was the clear winner. My husband enjoyed his iced coffee and I thought the Starbuxx smoothie was delicious. Prices were very fair for the quality of the food!So glad i found this little gem while visiting New Orleans. I ordered the supreme avocado toast and it was absolutely amazing! I paired it with a green smoothie and hibiscus tea, it was perfect and super filling. Everything tasted fresh and the dish was beautifully presented. The atmosphere is super chill and laid back for breakfast/brunch with plenty of seating space. I highly recommend you checking them out when in town.Finally, a delicious, affordable and health conscious place for us semi-vegetarians.  I fell in love with smoothie bowls over the summer in Gulf Shores, AL and was happy to find the Daily Beet.
Hubby and I shared the big açaí bowl, filled with good fruit and granola, topped with honey (sans coconut flakes). Our bowl was big enough for two, even with him usually taking than his fair share of the serving.  It was thick texture, just right.  I've never used apples in my smoothie bowls at home and this was okay as there were plenty of other fruits included.
I'm being more judicious with my stars these days, so if you're a smoothie or bowl person, then it's really a 4-4.5.  Awesome location, earthy environment fit for hipsters and Xers alike.  Daily Beet has a plethora of other healthy menu options.  My go to place for bowls.An awesome addition to NOLA. 
Looking for someplace to feed you the kind of fuel your body will thank you for AND tastes amazing? This is the spot.
If you are someone who sits at a desk all day long and you need energy, you're an athlete who wants to feed your body properly, or you're somebody who simply wants to eat clean -  starting your day - you'll thank me later. 
Everything on the menu aims to feed you in a fresh and healthy manner. 
The service staff is super friendly and the ambiance is modern and artistic. There are tiny succulent plants everywhere and art for sale on the walls. Interior is modern and clean. 
You'll likely be in and out of here with fresh food within five minutes if you take it to go. 
Servers were even willing to make me a custom favorite from my days in D.C.!
Will see you all next time I'm in town!Fresh breakfast at this the spot. Not heavy and good ingredients used. Friendly staff.Love this place! It's located near the smoothie King center and a bunch of other restaurants like Willa Jean, company burger, etc.  Parking is a pain because you have to pay for the meter, but that's common in this area.  Order at the counter and they will bring the food to you.  They have so many healthy, meat free options such as salads, toasts, smoothies and grain bowls.  I've opted for the bowls each time.  They are chock fill of flavor and texture.  I got the morning bowl this time which had quinoa, an egg, veggies, avocado in a delicious dressing that was light, yet filling without feeling disgusting afterwards.  They have daily lemonades and other drinks along with pressed juices.  Definitely a great spot to go to if you're looking for healthy, yet satisfying meal.It is an ideal place for cleaning eating around downtown hotel area in New Orleans. The place is quiet and clean; a variety of delicious salad and bowl choices. Will come back for sure!One of my favorite new spots in New Orleans. The decor is very modern and a great place to catch up with friends or get work done. As far as the food goes, it is a little more on the expensive side but definitely worth the price. 
I had the beet toast and the roots juice and I loved every bite. Even though the juice was almost $8, I used it for 2 servings so it was worth the price. Can't wait to come back and try more- everything on the menu looks delicious! Would definitely recommend for a healthy spot in the downtown area.Yummy place! Aw staying few blocks away and found this after searching juice. My goto on a weekend trip for yummy juices and breakfast. Toasts are delicious. Had the avocado + almond butter and the starbuxx smoothing is delicious.Our favorites breakfast spot in New Orleans. Gluten free options for my mom, kid friendly dishes for our 4 year old, wonderful Acai bowl, clean, tasty, fresh, friendly team - we loved it!I tired of the heavy food and wanted to give my body a break. I ordered the south west bowl, the avocado toast, and I had a really great juice. Try the Smokey the Bear. One of the workers recommended it. Everyone was really nice, the atmosphere is lovely, and the location is just close to enough to the action.Best smoothies and acai bowls I've ever had. Great fresh ingredients and juices. Excellent coffee. Lovely ambience and vibe. Nice staff. Reasonable prices. Clean and modern. Stop eating fried grease and get some of this healthy food inside of you!It's so comforting when I'm on vacation and stumble upon something that I would eat at home. The space is large and open with plenty of seating for a quick meal. The staff accommodate dietary restrictions and allergies without issue- it's one of those places you feel safe eating when you're allergic to more foods than not. 
The smoothies are refreshing- had the berry bucha with coconut milk. The açaí bowl was a balance of tart and sweet- a little too soupy, but still tasty and filling. The rainbow salad topped with eggs was a satisfying breakfast. The wellness topped with eggs is a hearty and warm breakfast. Both would make good lunches or dinners. 
I will definitely be back for some matcha or chia pudding tonight.So good! We were visiting for the weekend and wanted to go a much more crowded place and then saw this across the street- so glad we did! Their bowls are awesome. So fresh and you can add egg or avocado to any of them. We got the rainbow bowl which was delightful. The PB&J smoothie was so yummy. We also got some beet toast which was terrific though overpriced for the amount of food you get. The service was a bit slow so be prepared to wait a bit for your food- I promise it is worth it when it arrives. If they lowered the price on toast and had better service this would definitely be a 5 star place.We live nearby and thought we would try this place since it is relatively new. We ordered the Greek salad to go, and for close to 10 dollars, we got a to go container a third full. Very disappointed and feel ripped off. I appreciate the healthy options, but would expect more for that amount of money.The Daily Beet became a necessary visit for us after a couple of late nights howling at the moon in New Orleans. It was hard to resist such amazing local brunch places but alas we were nearly defeated. Coming to the rescue was their fresh smoothies and for me a caffeinated version the call the Starbuxx. The banana, cold brew and chocolate were a concoction I wished I could duplicate at home.  It is obvious they take pride in fresh ingredients and catering to all kinds of diets and allergies. Honestly I felt if all my meals were here I would not have gained 10 pounds on our trip but I have no regrets. Thanks for one guilt free breakfast!Love having a healthy option in the CBD. A daily breakfast/lunch spot for me. I love the kale salad, and am loving the port city pantry baked goods. Thanks for moving into the neighborhood Daily Beet!Delicious and super healthy!!! Food and ambiance is great, location is easy, and very friendly staff!!!Downtown was desperately needing this option. Great menu, quick counter service, can't wait to make this part of my weekly routine!Their kale salad and açaí bowls are so yummy. 
The ambiance is what initially sold me. It has inspired to make a business plan to create my own cafe. 
Thank you, Daily Beet!The avocado toast and the supreme are so delicious! I enjoyed the almond toast for a sweet treat. The smoothies are full of fresh fruit and drinking them makes you feel like you're treating your body right. . The staff is a joy!We were starving and there was a wait at Willa Jean so we sauntered here. Cafeteria style. Very fresh and also flavorful-sometimes I find veg-centric places bland. The southwestern and morning bowls were delish, as was the apple butter toast. Not cheap. Only beef is $2.50 for non refillable regular small mug of coffee. A good antidote to indulgent foodLoved the ambience here, the juices were fresh and I added my favorite, mint! The avocado Toast was my favorite! I also loved the interior of this place, a very aesthetic vibe!This is a very cute trendy place with most of your standard healthy vegetarian options. Good selections and great "build your own" options.
HOWEVER 
If you have allergies I would make the communication EXTREMELY clear. There is a lot of cross contamination considering they prepare your food using the same gloves. -Let me explain, I'm allergic to onions, garlic, tomatoes etc therefore if you used those gloves to pick up any of those items in the last order when I tell you that I have those allergies for my order you should change gloves. 
On top of all of this extra garnish was added with onions. I had to reorder and second bowl was thrown together and did not have as nearly many toppings and wasn't presentable like the first. 
If you choose this location I would not choose to sit for long the blender is LOUD I could barely have a conversation with my friend.
If you know why you're getting yourself into then go for it!This restaurant is.... Interesting. I popped in to get breakfast before a conference. The space has very clean and hip decor. I ordered an egg sandwich with avocado to go and then waited for a bit for the food to be ready. The guys who work here were funny and personable. The prices were average. The sandwich was.... Just ok. The bread was a bit hard and the whole thing had less flavor than I would have expected. Maybe this was the wrong item to order at this particular restaurant. Next time I'll stick to the juice.I've been eyeing this place for awhile, and finally decided to stop in.... It was pretty good. I got the supreme toast. Yuuuummmaaaaaa.Stopped in here during a business trip to New Orleans and am glad I did. I'll be coming back every day I'm here the remainder of my stay.
Went in for breakfast and they have a vast array of healthy offerings from amazing salads to breakfast bowls to smoothies and more.
Opted for the Summer Kale salad topped with 2 pastured eggs and avocado. Eggs and avocado can be added to any of the salads or bowls for a small fee. It was the perfect size and absolutely delicious. Can't wait to go back and try more.
They have fresh seasonal lemonades but I didn't try those. However, the coffee was delicious and free refills.
Friendly service, clean, bright airy atmosphere, great food... You can't go wrong here. They are also the healthiest food you can find in the area.Great, healthy and filling food! I could eat this every day. Prices could be lower, but that's what's to be expected in the CBD. Skip the salad and go for the bowls--We got the orbit and morning bowls.Stopped in for a quick bite and ordered the avocado toast. Portion is good if you're not too hungry, but it had all the elements I was looking for - crispy toast - fresh avocado - chili pepper - evoo Delish!Went to the gym in the morning and needed a healthy breakfast post workout. Came across this place and decided to try it out. The seating is indoor with a few tables outside. You order at the counter and they will bring your food to your table once it's done. I ordered a breakfast supreme sandwich and my hubby ordered a breakfast sandwich. To drink I had the drip coffee and a blue dream smoothie. The breakfast was made with fresh ingredients and was very tasty! I absolutely luuuuuurve this place.!the smoothie was a bit thick but once it melted a bit was delicious. The staff were very friendly and the service was great. The decor feels fresh and was very clean. Will definitely be going back!!Good place to get a healthy breakfast or lunch. Haven't tried there food yet, but it smells really good. However, I have have a few of their juices and smoothies which are really good.One of my favorite new lunch spots! It's healthy, hearty, and all around delicious.
I've tried several dishes from avocado toast, smoothies, and salad. They have never disappointed me! 
One warning though - I had a weird experience trying to order delivery from them - my breakfast never came! The folks over at the daily beet fixed the situation by giving me my money back and giving me a complimentary smoothie. Their great customer service was above and beyond.This place is so good! I am a vegan in NOLA for business stuck in a nearby hotel with catered food. I ate here every day! Twice a day! Good salads, bowls, juices. Nice people. My only suggestion would be to get gluten free bread. Their avocado toast looks amazing but no GF bread option.Love this place! It's healthy and so yummy! They have very good smoothies. Quinoa salads there are really good and best avocado toast I've had was from there! Love going here when I'm in town.It's fun to eat traditional New Orleans fare when visiting, but the food here made me really happy. We returned for a second lunch. The summer kale salad was delicious and gave me a veggie fix that made me feel better about dinner decadence. We also tried the morning bowl and the southwest bowl. We would eat it all over and over if we lived here!After a couple days of stuffing my face with beignets and heavy creole food, I was craving something healthy for breakfast. Luckily I found The Daily Beet. This great spot offers a variety of healthy breakfast options and clearly cares about the quality of their ingredients. I opted for the Orbit bowl and was very impressed with it. The wild rice was perfectly cooked and lightly seasoned. The kimchi was fantastic. The entire dish pulled together really well. I would definitely go back.Really good coffee smoothie & Greek salad 
Healthy options in NOLA in a great neighborhood!!So glad i found this little gem while visiting New Orleans. I ordered the supreme avocado toast and it was absolutely amazing! I paired it with a green smoothie and hibiscus tea, it was perfect and super filling. Everything tasted fresh and the fish was beautifully presented. The atmosphere is super chill and laid back for breakfast/brunchwith plenty of seating space. I highly recommend you checking them out when in town.When you reach that point in your NOLA experience where your body is begging for a detox...head over to this place! Recharge with a bowl of delicious power greens, protein, and superfoods. Rough night on Bourbon street?  Too sick for solids? Just grab a green juice with ginger and sip on that! Your body will thank you!This place is amazing! Great smoothies, especially the PBJ. The owner was extremely friendly and welcoming. This is a great spot for healthy amd delicious food.Really disappointed. Ordered an acai bowl and asked for no honey and no granola. When I got my bowl back to my room and sat down to eat, I got half way through the bowl before getting a spoon full of granola. My body doesn't process granola well, so now I'm not only hungry, but get to wait and see if I'll be sick the remainder of my vacation.Loved this place for breakfast and lunch! A few of my vegetarian friends recommended this place and after a few days in New Orleans eating delicious fried food my body was screaming for something else. The food is fresh, delicious, healthy and affordable. I especially loved the mango pineapple lemonade! It was so refreshing on a hot day. The breakfast sandwich with fresh avocado was tasty and filling. The place was a distance from my hotel but was so well worth the steps. I'll be back again tomorrow morning before I catch my flight.I really enjoyed this place.
Very cute  and fabulous food and drinks. Instagramable.  I'm glad I found this place.Not much here unless you're a vegetarian. Ok for lunch or light dinner but no meat or cheese. Nothing for people with nut allergies; nothing for people with digestive trouble. Not recommended.I tried the skinny green smoothie with rice milk and added protein. It was fresh and hit the spot. I would probably try a different smoothie since a lot of the options sound delicious.We got the sweet mint smoothie, the breakfast sandwich and the morning bowl. Beautiful presentation, beautiful atmosphere and wonderful staff. Highly recommend you it check out! Skip the line at Willa Jean ;)Great option for fast, healthy food in New Orleans. I was pleased with the atmosphere and friendly counter service. Tasty menu options ranging from smoothies, iced brew coffee, quinoa bowls, lox, panini and avocado toast. I recommend if your needing a break from the greasy and fried southern cuisine.Typical Los Angeles girl had to find the Acai Bowls-felt right at home with healthy choices & fresh fruit!! Perfect for my allergies!This place is awesome. I ordered an açaí bowl and it was AMAZING. You can taste how fresh everything is. It was my first açaí bowl so now my standards are set pretty high since this one was so good! I love the atmosphere of the place and my mom and I had great customer service! Such a gem. Will definitely make this a go-to spot for whenever I'm in New Orleans.The lemonade is a+ I'd come back for that on a warm day for sure. The bowls were good but they honestly soak the rice in sauce. Rice is good on its own! The sauce and flavors are great but the rice doesn't need to be soaked like that. The service was pretty good but all the tables are self clean up and people aren't always great at picking up after themselves.I had the chimi chimi bowl and the spring rolls at st roch market. Saying this power lunch was amazing is an understatement! Everything was fresh and the taste and textures were perfect. I'm satisfied,  full and ready to try more from the daily beet!I love that this place is in NOLA now, it is fresh healthy food with great flavor. Finally a place with good acai bowls and smoothies. I have had a bowl and a salad and both were delicious. If you are looking for a place with good food that won't make you feel bad after, this is the place. Prices are a little high but the ingredients and portions are worth it.Tasty and creative smoothies. Nice salads that they can adjust to make vegan by leaving cheese out. Grain bowls were great too!  Definitely would go back.Obsessed with this place. I've been 2 times this week. Ordered the southwest bowl the first time and the wellness bowl with a pineapple mint smoothie. Everything was outstanding.It took me a while to get to the Daily Beet as I'm not a downtown sort of person, but if I were in that part of the city I would not hesitate to eat again at this health food place. It is indeed daily, being open for breakfast lunch and dinner seven days a week, which is notable in a town where I not infrequently find that the place I want to eat is closed the day I'm free to eat there. Notably, they have a stand in St. Roch Market, but the full restaurant provided significantly better food in my experience.
Their menu includes various salads and bowls and smoothies, which are mostly vegetarian. They have some cheese and egg, but you certainly can avoid those too if you wish. I, on the other hand, arrived starving and ordered a bowl with nuts and goat cheese and a smoothie with peanut butter. Going to the juice bar/bowl place to stuff oneself is an odd choice, but I wanted to see if they could oblige. And indeed they did. The bowl was unique and offered an excellent mix of salty and sweet flavors, and is certainly one of the healthier things you could order in downtown NOLA. Their acai bowl as well was rather impressive, with fresh fruit on top plus frozen fruit inside.
The smoothie was a bit of a struggle; they have signage suggesting they make your smoothie and refrigerate it until you're ready, so I didn't question it when mine did not arrive with my bowl. And yet, when I asked for it as I was ready to go, they did not have it, and rushed to make it then. The policy of not bringing you your stuff when it's ready was odd to begin with, let alone the error on top of it, but I'm not really bothered. They had a lot of people working there who genuinely seemed to be doing a good job and I don't feel the need to dock them a star and then write an update when I return months later and it's as good as I think it will be.
And between the prime location, speed (online ordering available), reasonable price (these sorts of places tend to be higher), and the fresh and unique food they provide, I can reasonably expect that whenever I do return it will be good.Highly recommended: southwest salad & skinny green smoothie. So good! A great spot to get something delicious and good for you.Loaded avocado toast! Loved the amount of avocado on this, although the bread was a little strange. Friendly workers, nice atmosphere.Wonderful vegetarian friendly lunch or easy dinner place. We love the kale salad and the avocado toast as light options. The the kale is nicely tenderized with a great dressing. They have great bowels also. We don't live in New Orleans and this place was recommended by some of our local friends. We will definitely return.Had a great recommendation from the cashier! Ordered the Morning bowl and Starbuxxx smoothie, added protein and greens. Great refuel after a TRX class and Spin class at Higher Power next door. Can't wait to come back!The Daily Beet is definitely one of my go-to's in the area for lunch. The bowls and salads are huge and filling, even for non-vegetarians. My favorites are the Orbit bowl (great for salty savory) and the Morning bowl (on the sweeter side). The lunch rush around noon can make the line pretty long, but you can order online and pick up pretty soon after - just go directly to the counter and give them the name on your order.We're visiting NOLA from LA and were looking for a healthy spot after days of eating awesome creole food. The Daily Beet did not disappoint!  The food was amazing and the neo-soul music made the vibe right. Highly recommend!After a weekend of pretty heavy meals, this hit the spot. Refreshing items and tasty too!
The açaí bowl was tasty and plentiful with fresh fruit on top. The different roasts were also delightfully fresh. 
The only thing to consider is the expense... I realize fresh ingredients are more costly, but it felt like prices were just a smidge in the high end.Super cute place with delicious healthy food. I ordered a little of everything because it was my last morning in NOLA and I was facing a long flight home. Got the toast with avocado and a smoothie. Outstanding. Also got an acai bowl for the road. I ate it at the airport and was sad because it was so awesome and I knew it would be a long time before I would have another breakfast that good.I eat here at least once a week and i love it! Their smoothies are amazing. My favorites are the Starbuxxx and the PB&J. I also really like the Greek salad and the southwest bowl. 
My only wish is that they'd bring back those amazing raw cookies/brownies from their soft opening! Those were awesome. 
This place is worth a try but keep in mind it's completely vegetarian. 
If you're looking for something healthy this is the place to go.Dropped by for a quick lunch as we were at a convention in the CBD. I had a southwest bowl and a cucumber kombucha. My date had an açaí bowl. Both excellent. Owner brought us an avocado toast order as well and it was excellent. Great vegan and vegetarian place in the CBD. 5 stars!This place has the best toast I have ever had. It's not rated enough but it is so amazing.  Toast flavors are awesome with fresh ingredients and good prices. Try supreme toast and beet toast.Oh my God! I am picky and this place just blew my mind!!!
I did not only got 1 dish but when back to order a 2nd, together with the Skinny Green smoothie that was amazing as well.
I could eat everything in their menu in a day!!!
Compliments to the chef, the owner and the great friendly staff that works here!We ordered the blue dream. It was good, but not something extraordinary. They use everything pure, which justifies their price for the smoothie.This place was fantastic. The employees were so friendly, my cashier told me my edges were on fleek lol. Avocado toast was to die for.In a town full of heavy/unhealthy foods, this is a sigh of relief for my body. Cold pressed juice is more expensive here than it should be, but I bet they get away with it because they don't have much competition. Delicious food!The Morning Bowl is the best breakfast in town! This place is great any time of the day for anyone that's vegetarian and/or gluten free!This place is so clean, the ingredients are so fresh. We ordered couple dishes and they are all tasty. The spinach kale smoothie is so good. Very rich almond milk taste. The morning bowl and orbit bowl are highly recommended. The brussel sprouts salads has lots of fruits and nuts. If you don't mind you can have to chew a lot, this salad is pretty good.This place is awesome. Great healthy food, and one of the only places in New Orleans to find a good green smoothie.  Certainly worth a trip if you are downtown.Trying to find healthy fare in New Orleans can be a challenge for tourists. I was nearing the end of my trip and craving clean food. So glad to discover the Daily Beet!  This place was serving up just what my body was craving. I ordered the skinny green smoothie. It was so refreshing with just a hint of sweetness. I paired that with the avocado toast. Yum!  The crusty bread and smashed avocado were filling and the red pepper flakes gave it a nice little kick. The Daily Beet was the perfect start to my day.Went for lunch today and was very impressed. Mexicali salad was fresh, flavorful, and filling, and the service was friendly and fast. Definitely will go back.The Daily Beet is the definition of healthy, simple delicious food made with love!
TDB is the brick and mortar shop of the mastermind behind Juice NOLA. Like its sister restaurant it focuses on vegetarian meals ranging from avocado toast to salads and quinoa bowls.
Open from 8am to 8pm daily it is perfect for a quick breakfast on the way to work, lunch with colleagues or Happy Hours with friends.
During my visit I had the Mexicali Blues Salad a mix of greens with black beans,corn, cojita cheese and a few other southwestern ingredients that is absolutely delicious. I wish they would start bottling the Jalapeño Lime Vinaigrette because it's really one of the best dressings I've ever had.
If you're into feeling good and eating clean The Daily Beet is the pace to be!Really good filling meal at reasonable price! Will be back got to try one of the juices and it was amazing!A great healthy choice. Vegetarians and vegans can find plenty of choices.  The food was extremely fresh! The blueberry tea was refreshing and flavorful. A little noisy, but great decor.Açaí bowl from here is great, a must get! The atmosphere is nice as well, with all the natural lighting it makes for a very refreshing plans to relax and get a free things knocked off your to-do list such as studying, blogging, etc.Delicious and healthy bowls and salads. Fresh and tasty breakfast bowls with quinoa and veggies are the best. Fruity green teas are a bonus, freshly brewed. Service is fast and easy.We came here after multiple days of delicious but heavy New Orleans meals (shrimp and grits, poboys, fried everything!). We were looking for something slightly easier on the waistline and the heart :)
We came here and were all pleasantly surprised! It was very clean, fresh, and delicious. 
Brussels sprouts salad ($9.50): crisp fresh vegetables, great balance with the goat cheese, and silky roasted beets. 
My friends enjoyed the wellness bowl, lox plate, and beet party toast! 
Overall: A perfect refreshing, healthy (but not too healthy-tasting!) meal after lots of heavier, traditional New Orleans meals.Sooo yummy! I love how the Daily Beet is to the point with their menu items. There are about 4-5 items for each speciality: bowls, toasts, smoothies, and salads. There is no meat or tofu and the only add ons are eggs and avocado. Everything is soo fresh and flavorful and it forces me to be healthy because I can't add on bacon, or chicken. 
Of course they sell Bucha and other local items in the refrigerator. 
The flow is simple enough, but if it's your first time dining at TDB: Place your order to the left and they'll give you a number stand to place on your table. Make sure to grab utensils and napkins at the register before you sit down. Once your order is ready someone will deliver it to your table. Once your done, take your silverware and bowl to the reciprocal near the door. There's a black bin for dishes.OMG amazing!! Loved it!! Fantastic juices in a cute jar. The Orbit Bowl was so yummy! I will come here again!Amazing staff and owner, Dylan! Beautiful building -- high ceilings, very clean, well decorated. 
A must try for any healthy minded people. The menu is bursting with flavors and unique, healthy dishes. Everything from acai bowls to smoothies and amazing salads. This type of food is difficult to find in New Orleans, yet the Daily Beet manages to do so in a cost-appropriate, enthusiastic way. 
5/5! You must try it!Toasts, grain bowls, smoothies, oh my. A solid choice for breakfast or lunch, the Daily Beet sits on the corner of Girod and S. Rampart. The space is bright and open, and the staff friendly. As others suggest, the morning bowl is a hearty breakfast option for those seeking a healthy start to their day. The toasts are served up on a Bellegarde country loaf, which is a treat unto itself; but topped with apple butter (sadly no longer offered), avocado or almond butter, your toast game will never be the same.I was in town for the weekend, the only vegan in the group. I used the Happy Cow app and found this place. 
When I say I was well pleased!!! I had the rainbow bowl, it was so great!!!
I also bought a juice for breakfast the next day. The prices were reasonable as well...Stopped in for dinner with some girlfriends after work last week. Parking on the street is fairly easy to find. We are all dietitians so we were happy with the healthy options on the menu. I got the rainbow salad which was colorful. I wish it had a little bit more flavor, but you would probably have to douse it in dressing which would defeat the purpose of being a healthy restaurant. I also got the lemonade of the day which was good. 
Overall, it's a nice place to grab a quick, healthy bite to eat.I am so excited to have another healthy option in New Orleans.  Nola has been behind the curve on healthy eating trends (especially in touristy parts of town) but The Daily Beet is changing the landscape of healthy eating downtown.  
The menu is fully vegetarian friendly, and the staff can make most dishes vegan friendly as well.  I've been 6 times since they opened a couple weeks ago.  I've had two of the avocado toasts, which are excellent - the Leo's Bread toast stands up really well to the avocado mash and sauces that come on the toasts.  I've also had the Rainbow, Orbit, and Wellness- I'm not really a salad person but these bowls fill you up without making you feel too full.  
I've also had the Berry Bucha and Starbuxx smoothies and once also had the Hangover-Aid juice (which actually really helped a nasty hangover).  If you're looking for healthy food in downtown or are willing to travel a little for some delicious healthy options I highly recommend The Daily Beet!Great place for a quick breakfast within walking distance of the French Quarter. Service is friendly, and their avocado toast and coffee was just what I needed to start my day.Good option for a healthy lunch. I've tried the Orbit bowl, Wellness bowl, and Beet Toast. The Wellness bowl is my favorite so far. Good balance of colors, flavors, and textures. Nice bright, modern interior.I am OBSESSED with The Daily Beet. My favorite is the Morning Bowl, but literally everything on the menu is amazing. The avocado toast, the juices, the smoothies. Dylan is sweet and obviously pours his heart into this restaurant. The staff is friendly & helpful, the ambiance is welcoming & calming. Thanks for making NOLA a healthier place to eat! :)Omg! So good!  Organic, gluten-free options!!  So friggin good!  Totally accommodating in their ability to substitute! 
Signed,
The World's Most Special Needs EaterStopped by the Daily Beet for a super late lunch/ early dinner.
We ordered:
-Skinny Green Smoothie with almond milk: I liked that it was sweet without added sweetener. Wish they added a tad bit more kale and spinach though.
-Avocado toast: Basic, but still delicious. The Bellegarde Country bread was thick and the sprinkle of sea salt and pepper flakes elevated it a smidgen above the mashed avocado toast I make myself at home.
-Orbit bowl: Nothing extraordinary but it hit the spot. The kimchi, nori, and egg rounded out the bowl nicely. The bowl was on the smaller side so if you're hungry, you'd probably need to order something else as well.
I like that the Daily Beet is vegetarian friendly and has plenty of healthy options. I would be back again for a quick, light lunch.Recommended for anyone searching for healthy, clean food. The Daily Beet will fulfill your healthy needs. Came here for breakfast and got the morning bowl and supreme toast. Avocados were creamy, ingredients were fresh. Modern interior, clean feel.The Daily Beet was our daily breakfast during our stay in NOLA. Their Açaí bowl is amazing and their breakfast options are excellent. Highly recommendedSuch a cute place & delicious!!! Everyone was very welcoming & friendly. We had a little bit of everything. We ordered the avocado toast, Greek salad and a smoothie. Everything tasted so fresh & earthy. Definitely a great place for a quick bite!Wow- so delicious! Really hit the spot. I had the rainbow bowl and it was so tasty, fresh, light but filling. The place is modern, clean and a great atmosphere. Staff were helpful and friendly. Just great! Definitely will be back while in town.I was in town for 4 days and stopped in twice. It was a nice walk from our hotel on Canal Street in the French Quarter. It's a struggle to find good healthy food in this area. The summer kale salad was so delicious that I ordered it both times, the second time with avocado. I will spend months trying to recreate this salad myself until my next trip to New Orleans!I really enjoyed my rainbow bowl. It was filling and I felt I got a well rounded meal. The food came out pretty fast and the set up was cute. I was hoping for some special gf treats but they didn't have any baked goods. My friends each ordered a smoothie (coffee and PB&J). I had a taste of each and thought they were super flavorful. I was surprise the place wasn't busier around lunch time on a Friday, but I think the place is still new and people don't know about it.Cute place for lunch.  The southwest salad was one of the best salads I have ever had.  I appreciate the fresh and nutritional menu options.The food bowls are so delicious and yummy. I went here with a group of friends because we were obviously hungry. I ordered the Orbit bowl, and a smoothie. The location is perfect because it's not on a super busy street and it wasn't too packed. The interior design was so cute and chic. The smoothie I ordered was the classic smoothie, and it had strawberry, bananas, and vanilla. I personally did not like the smoothie. It tasted like bananas and that's it. The options for milk are almond and i believe rice milk. I definitely felt healthier after leaving.Finally, a great tasting healthy food place with menu items filled with flavor.  The one thing I wish I knew is how many calories are in each dish because I had to order multiple because they all tasted so good! Items I ordered were the strawberry banana vanilla smoothie with rice milk. Thank you for that option! The rainbow bowl and the kale salad.  It really was so freaking good I just wanted to keep eating. I'm ordering the wellness bowl to go because I cannot fit anymore in my stomach or boyfriends. Hard to be healthy when you want to try it all.  Okay tried the warm rice and I'll pass next time on this one.Can say enough good things about this place coming from austin I'm looking for healthy and clean.  Y'all did amazing!! Will be back and ate here for breakfast 3/3 days.Southwest Bowl was soooo good! I would go every day if I had the funds! Avocado toast is on Leo's bread, which is truly delicious.great spot. Had the Summer Kale and was very pleased. It's a salad of finely shredded kale, parm, and a light dressing. easy, fresh, healthy lunch at a good price.I visited The Daily Beet today to meet with some girlfriends.  It's in a very nice up and coming part of downtown where they have built new condos and apartments. It's a small intimate business with very friendly and helpful employees. I only got the blue smoothie(I forgot the name of it). It was good but not sweet which Iike at times. I opted out for thr agave because I was on a fast where additional sugars are not allowed. Bathroom overall isn't bad could it use a quick wipe down yes but it's hard to clean up after every patron. Only complaint is some fruit like flies inside but they were not a lot and it is a restaurant based off veggies and fruit.Incredible spot serving clean and nutritious food.  We had two bowls, the skinny green smoothie, the pb&j smoothie,  and their cold pressed juices.  
We will be back again for breakfast!Love this spot. I'm a regular here. The avocado toast is my favorite. Whatever olive oil they use on the smash ties everything together so well. I know it's just avocado toast but it's divine. They also have great bowls. Their southwest bowl is my favorite, quinoa, fresh veggies, I think it has pickled cabbage with fresco and an in house made poblano vinegarette that is soooo good. 
The smoothies are simple, fresh with no added sugar. I also like the acai bowl the portion size is hugh which 2 or 3 ppl can share.  The one I tried came with fresh coconut and blackberries, I love anything coconut.  The space is brand new, airy, clean and original. The food is refreshing and you feel refreshed in here. 
I forgot to mention my favorite is the cold pressed juice.  The smokey the bear is really good!  It's a grapefruit, orange, ginger and a little cayenne, spicy spicy but so goodWe loved the bows there, pretty big size and yummy af. The stuff was friendly and helpful. We stayed a little longer with our laptops and it was no problem at all. And the acai bowls are awesome! Would come back, even tho i don't even like beetsNOLA doesn't have nearly enough health food. This place definitely feels the void! They are quick, tasty and affordable. What more could I ask for?!I hit up this place almost weekly. Their Açaí Bowls are the best I've ever had.... well, I've tried almost everything and they bring their A game every time. Everything is so fresh, healthy and absolutely delicious. Portions are perfect. I highly recommend stopping in.Went to the gym in the morning and needed a healthy breakfast post workout. Came across this place and decided to try it out. The seating is indoor with a few tables outside. You order at the counter and they will bring your food to your table once it's done. I ordered a breakfast supreme sandwich and my hubby ordered a breakfast sandwich. To drink I had the drip coffee and a blue dream smoothie. The breakfast was made with fresh ingredients and was very tasty! I absolutely luuuuuurve this place.!the smoothie was a bit thick but once it melted a bit was delicious. The staff were very friendly and the service was great. The decor feels fresh and was very clean. Will definitely be going back!!Ordered the Orbit. The lunch selection came with salad bottom, covered with brown rice, kimchi, shredded carrots, edamame, half of thinly sliced avocado, sprinkle of seaweed strips, sauce and a fried egg topping. A mostly good for ya late lunch. Was warm and tasty. Friendly hipster meal preparation person.I cannot get enough of this healthy little spot! I come here at least twice a week for a smoothie or salad. The dishes have a minimalistic approach but pack lots of flavor. 
And, because it's important to mention, the salads, toasts, and bowls are surprisingly affordable. You can add avocado or egg to any dish for cheaper than similar restaurants. Getting a smoothie or juice with your meal is where you can quickly turn a $10 lunch into a $20 one though, so be forewarned! Not like you'll regret it on a taste level. The Berry Bucha makes a lovely companion to the kale salad.
Try it! You might never step foot in another CBD lunch spot again...Great food! Great prices! Nice healthy spot with cute atmosphere. Avocado toast is simple and delicious!Overall: A great tasting option for picking up a healthy lunch or dinner.
The good: The food here is really tasty, with piled high veggies and tons of other healthy toppings. None of the ingredients were overcooked and the combinations available are a welcome change from the typical southern fare in the area. The service was friendly and fast and made for a quick and easy pickup.  The portion size of the "bowl" that I got was perfect for what I needed, and the packaging for the pickup held up well.
The not-so-good: Incredibly expensive. I'm from Chicago and the options here are pricier than a downtown lunch of equivalent size and standards. Especially if you add on custom options. They also ran out of brown rice at 7 PM when I went, which seems pretty odd.
Food/Drink: 8/10
Service: 8/10
Atmosphere: 8/10Holy smokes.  Avocado Toast supreme was fabulous.  Nearly groaned with pleasure while eating.  Thick whole grain sourdough bread.  Nice temperature (not a big fan of cold toasts).  I had a similar order at the highly rated Willa Jeans the previous day and this was FAR superior and 30% less expensive.AH MAZ ING...have been searching for a place like this that offers fresh, wonderful and healthy options and they nailed it! I got the rainbow bowl. It was packed with delicious nutrition and the garlic ginger dressing really made it. My husband got the Apple butter toast and was happy with his selection saying it was very enjoyable for a quick bite.  The atmosphere was bright and clean, staff friendly with a smile, and the wait was minimal. Would happily recommend and sure with they had a franchise close to where I live!I was in New Orleans for a conference and was really afraid that I would be forced to only eat heavy food for the weekend and was worried about whether I would be able to find vegetables without a ton of sauce or any vegan food at all, let alone good vegan food. Well the moment I found the Daily Beet my fears were quelled. This place is amazing! It was so amazing that I came here for breakfast and again for lunch on the same day. My breakfast is not pictured because I forgot to take pictures but the avocado toast I got was incredible! So much avocado and the blueberry lemonade I got with it was so fresh. I could tell it was freshly squeezed because I could still taste the seeds of the blueberry. For lunch I got the Mexicali salad which was honestly one of the best salads I've ever had. The blend of avocado onions tomatoes and small pieces of tortilla chips sprinkled throughout along with the drizzle of dressing with the greens made me feel sooooo good. I don't like too much flavor in my salad and vegetables and always think that places overdo it with the dressing but this was done perfectly. And one of the most incredible things-- I was able to sub cheese with NUTRITIONAL YEAST. Wow. I live in LA and have never been asked before if I want to sub nutritional yeast before. So yummy. Also for the kind of hipster vegan place it was, I didn't think it was too expensive at all, especially coming from LA. I got all my food to go and they were pretty quick getting everything out, even though there was a good amount of people there. Oh and the staff was SO friendly! When I came back for lunch (my second time there that day) the person taking my order asked if he would see me again for dinner :) I only wish I were here longer so I could go every day and try out more things on their menu!Love the Daily Beet! I think it is one of the best healthy restaurants in the city. If I had a ton of money I would just eat here everyday for lunch. I've been trying to eat healthier and I love how it is impossible to choose something unhealthy on this menu - it's all good for you. I really like the Mexicali Blues salad. I also pick up one of the juices whenever I'm here. I appreciate that they're all in reusable mason jars that cut down on waste. The staff here is friendly and the service is quick. Highly recommend!Paid $20 for toast and a juice. Was just ok. Friendly staff. Dirty chairs. Healthy food. But better options in New Orleans.Small menu. Healthy with vegan options. Great atmosphere! A little bit pricey. Had the rainbow bowl and watermelon ginger juice.Here's the most important info first: I'm not a vegan. I'm not vegetarian, hell, I don't even eat healthy most of the time. I love meat and cheese and all those things. But I also love the Daily Beet! 
Sometimes a New Orleanian needs to take a break. We can't eat poboys and gumbo everyday (at least I can't, Godspeed if that's a thing your body can handle) When I need that break, the Daily Beet is my go to lunch spot. I've had a few things on their menu, and here's what I like about them:
They always fill me up
They're always tasty, and you can get a variety of flavor profiles (southwestern! Korean!)
They get you in and out so you can get back to the office on time.
If you want to add in juices, etc., lunch can get pretty pricey pretty quickly. It's worth it to pay a little extra for good ingredients, but if you're looking for a steal, this might not be it.Best healthy food spot in New Orleans!  I have visited this restaurant three times over the last few weeks and the food has been consistently delicious! Lox plate, morning bowl and southwest bowl are all solid meals. Their pressed juices are tasty too--I tried the green juice and watch out for Smokey The Bear juice-delicious and very spicy!My smoothie was great, my daughter had a pre made juice which she liked, good to get something healthy in your body... ha 
Place was clean and had a line out the door.We came in for breakfast and fell in love. Tons of healthy but savory options. Get the taco's or avocado toast! The staff was very helpful and so nice. Definitely coming back next time I'm in New Orleans.In NOLA for my birthday and although I'm on vacation I didn't want to deviate too much from how I eat. So I was looking for a spot that had clean food. I found it! I got the Lox plate and a green smoothie. Everything was perfectly seasoned and fresh. I think I'll go again tomorrow!Make sure you have them repeat your order because they messed up our order pretty bad and didn't seem to care.
85 bucks for 4 people to eat a simple brunch, it's not too much to ask that you get the order right.
I asked for a supreme with lox, they forgot the lox, my friend asked for a avocado toast with no lox and she got lox, my third friend asked for avocado toast and she got a lox plate.
The lox situation was bad.Great healthy spot downtown in CBD! They offer juices, granola bowls with acai and seasonal fruit, toast options, bowls served on a bed of greens, salads, juices, smoothies, coffee and tea. I ordered the Mexicali Blues Salad and it was delicious! Next time I go back, I am hoping to try a smoothie or juice, but I was pretty full from the large salad portion!! I had asked for nutritional information so I can put it into MyFitnessPal diary, but they didn't have it available. Other than that, I highly recommend if you want a healthy lunch option when in CBD area!WOW!!! Best vegan experience ever! Quinoa salads on point and so are the smoothies! Great addition to the new and improved CBD!A little pricey but these places always are. Very very delicious healthy food, probably the best healthy food I've had in a while. The fresh juices are delicious and restorative. Just lovely.Great food that was really fresh. Everything we tried had lots of flavor and the portions were just the right size. We will definitely be back!Fast, friendly service. I had the Morning Bowl. It is unexpectedly delicious. I can't wait to try more of their options. I'm also very impressed with the restaurant's cleanliness and decor. I love any place that I can leave feeling nourished and ready for my day! I will be back soon.Such wonderful food and service.... I was looking for some healthy food close to my hotel on a layover.. during a torrential downpour  I ordered online, super quick and easy, the supreme toast for breakfast and a bowl for later on my flight. Oh my gosh the place itself is lovely, the folks working there so nice. And the food?? To die for. Exactly what I expect from New Orleans.. with a health food flair I craved. Flavor, spice, variety, spot on. In love with this place!!!I've been here a handful times. Great healthy choice for fast casual in a city full of food. Great location for those who work downtown. Didn't think the prices were tooo terrible. But of course for that avocado toast it'll run you about $6-8 ha which isn't bad and they don't skimp on the avo! This last visit hubs and I came in before a saints game. The food took a lonnnggg time and it wasn't too packed, but maybe it was just that day. Hubs got the plain avocado and I got the supreme. Tasty and pretty. I've had the morning bowl before also. While it doesn't look filling, it absolutely is. Hoping to get to try more off the menu next time I visit.My wife and I decided to stop at the Daily Beet since she isn't a fan of the smoothie king and we both wanted something healthy to start our day with. After a .5 mile walk, we made it to the place and there was no line. We both opted for smoothies. My wife went with the Starbuxxx and I had the Chocoheaven. After 2-3 minutes, our names were called. Both smoothies were good, but I think I preferred hers to the one I ordered. Nevertheless, they were both good and hit the spot, and tasted healthy. If I'm in the area again, I may check it again.When the hotel breakfast was not working for me I walked two blocks down the street for avocado toast.  Served on delicious and obviously local brown bread and a generous serving of avocado, this was some of the best food I had in my week in New Orleans (not a veg-friendly town).  It ended up being all I had to eat other than pretzels for the rest of the day (MSY is also not a veg-friendly airport) so extra points for sustaining me for over 12 hours.If you're into eating healthy, fresh, and clean, this place is for you. 
The menu consists of grain bowls, salads, and smoothies full of nutritious items like fruits, veggies, and the like. 
When my wife and I popped in, she got a Skinny Green smoothie and apple butter toast. I went with the Greek salad. We both liked our items. Service from the counter was quick and easy. Prices are what you'd expect for a place that serves health food. There's a cool industrial feel, which fits in with the neighboring businesses well. 
I don't like beets. But the Daily Beet is just fine with me.i truly love this place - the portions are really great and the salads are super hearty. i usually get the kale salad, or the avocado toasts and both are worth it.Real food, really good!  Thanks Daily Beet for fueling my day with an amazing Rainbow bowl full of goodness filled with quinoa, avocado, carrot, beet, bell pepper, scallion, chickpea, currant, toasted almond and ginger garlic dressing on top off my favorite bed of greens!  This Rainbow bowl will last me for the rest of my day of adventure here in New Orleans!!  Accompany this delicious salad is my refreshing Berry Bucha smoothie with goodness of Kombucha and sorts of berries, YUMMO!!!  Definitely coming back for this smoothie.I was in New Orleans for a conference and was in search of some fresh, healthy vegan options and The Daily Beet was perfect for that! I went every day for 3 days and tried a variety of their fresh made juices, kombucha and bowls. I loved the rainbow bowl as well as the southwest bowl. It filled me up for the day and kept me energized as well. I would HIGHLY recommend coming here if you're looking for a break from the deep fried, meaty traditional food in New Orleans!Really enjoyed my lunch here. Ordered the soup of the day (curried lentil), and Orbit bowl for $17 - and this meal will easily feed me twice. Ordered to-go and waited about 5-6 minutes with others in line and seated (kitchen is quick!). The ingredients were so fresh, and the combinations are extremely flavorful. Can't wait to come back. Take-out was packed well, too which is always a bonus for me. Employees were helpful and courteous.  Atmosphere is upbeat, community oriented, and bright/sunny with all the open windows. Plenty of seating if you want to eat-in, enough standing room for ordering take-out without feeling awkward, and even a shelf for people that order take-out ahead of time. There is a refrigerator with grab & go options for those in a busy hurry. This place really knows how to serve it's market! Finally happy I was in the neighborhood to try this spot. Worth it for my tasty lunch!They need like 1000 more locations of this place! I couldn't be more obsessed with them. I never have to worry about ingredients when eating their food or smoothies. Its fantastic. The only thing I wish is that they had more gluten free items to offer. Other than that they are perfect. Haven't tried a single item I didn't like.Amazing location in the city. Clean, fresh and healthy! I'm very picky as a former nyorker with many options and expectations.. this made my list in nola.I needed a quick lunch while waiting for an appointment and was so happy to find this place. In a town where healthy food was hard to come by, I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here. :)Traveling for work, I stopped in here for a quick smoothie. First off - great location and super centrally located. I ordered the Sweet Mint smoothie and it did not disappoint. You can also add CBD, protein and etc - which I love. 
Definitely will try the Blue Dream next time!Amazing avocado toast! The whole menu looks great but I can only eat so much. The workers here are sooooo nice. They have local kombucha too and the watermelon one in particular is fantastic. Great lunch or breakfast spot for sure!!Awesome Açaí bowl.  Friendly, quick service.  Clean restaurant.  I will definitely be back!Looking for delicious healthy food? Your search is over. I had the avocado toast with an egg on top. It arrived, looked mouthwatering and tasted as good as it looked. The staff are courteous and friendly. A must for locals and visitors alike!!I never post negative reviews, but this one was needed in order to maybe help the business owner. 
The workers were not friendly, and it made the overall feel of the place seem very cold. Big turn off. The prices were on the high end, especially for the small portion of smoothie. I got the 
"skinny green" smoothie, and it honestly just tasted like bananas, even with paying extra for the "vitamineral greens" add in. Couldn't taste anything but bananas and almond milk. I have had over a million green smoothies (really though!) and this one just defeated the purpose of a healthy green smoothie. Disappointing service. The morning bowl was okay, very little black beans, and a small little egg.. I was expecting something a little more hardy like the description sounded:( Kind of a rip off. Just settle for Jamba juice for a good hardie smoothie, which is the same price for a large size.Today was my first day in New Orleans and as a vegan with a gluten allergy I had a lot of trouble finding food. My lunch consisted of lettuce with a third of a tomato so I found myself at The Daily Beet  for a smoothie to tide me over until dinner. I got the pb&j smoothie with almond milk and it was delicious! I'll be going back during this trip!Great place for healthy fare across from the Hyatt Recency and convention center. So glad to find this place!Came here for lunch with a friend - such a good spot and I'll definitely be back. Given the type of food and the vibe, I definitely expected higher pricing, but it's incredibly reasonably priced. My friend had the Supreme Avocado Toast which she really enjoyed. I had the Rainbow Bowl which is vegan (they told me they can make anything on the menu except for one dressing which has honey - I loved that they were so knowledgeable about what's in their food!). It was really good and really filling. We then split a vegan cookie s'mores donut from Midnight Noodle that they have on the counter. That was INCREDIBLE. 
It's all veggie, but my very omnivore boyfriend looked at the menu and asked to come with me next time. Health food at its finest in NOLA. I'll be back and a repeat customer for sure.Fresh food.  Excellent smoothies.  Great if you are not the fast food type.  This is where you want to eat if you're thinking paleo, or keto.Went here twice on a recent visit to Nola.  You should go here for several reasons!  First of all, if you are partaking in some of the new orleans festivities you probably need something nourishing in your life to help you recover or prepare for the debauchery!  Lots of options here.  Second of all, the place is adorable with great menu and food.  Lastly, cool new neighborhood close to downtown.  Worth checking out!I went her for breakfast on a business trip and oh my! Get the avocado toast! Soooooo yummy! Friendly staff and the watermelon beet juice (I tho knit was) was also delicious. The market where they are located is one of the best food places near Frenchmen Street. Go here!UH MAZE ING!!!!!!! This place is definitely a gift from the gods. Straight up feel good food!!! Everything from the taste of the food to the aesthetic yummy presentation gave me liiiife! This food literally filled me with so much happiness. 
They offer a variety of healthy and delicious options! From starters, bowls, salads and smoothies. 
I started with the blue dream smoothie which was perfect. The taste, texture, consistency... was all on point.
The supreme toast was HEAVENLY. 
And last but not least the Orbit bowl was also really good and super filling!
I highly recommend this place for everyone.They don't have fresh pressed juices. Just smoothies. It was alright for a smoothie. They add water & almond milk. I prefer green juices. But if you like smoothies, try them out.Delicious food and friendly staff. Can't go wrong with any of the smoothies, meal options or coffee. If you need a healthy start to your day this is it.  We went here almost everyday during our stay in NOLA. This place was consistent and clean.Cool vibe and great staff! I got the southwestern bowl with an orange juice (I forget the name) and was completely satisfied. They both had a small kick to them as well - I'm always down for a little spiceSweet little cafe. Extremely healthy menu with balanced options. Light and bright menu and pleasant atmosphere. In the city without being busy or loud. You can sit with friends or work by yourselfMy favorite spot for a healthy vegetarian meal! Big portions of food! You will get full! If you feel like you had too much to drink and want a healthy start to your day, try this place! Prices are average.This is my favorite spot to go for a lunch break from work. The food is delicious, healthy, and filling. They have real utensils and glasses to use when dining in. I've never gotten a smoothie though and those do come in plastic cups. I think they are "compostable" but those plastic "compostable" cups and straws aren't actually compostable in any facility we have in New Orleans unfortunately! But in any case, the food is delicious and full of flavor! It's always packed a lunch time, so make sure you give yourself enough time! I usually spend at least an hour there with waiting to get food and eating it. There's not much space to sit, but the turn over is pretty fast so I've never not been able to sit somewhere. I especially love how many vegan and vegetarian options they have! It also feels so cozy and I enjoy reading while waiting for my food. Highly recommend for everyone! The portions are huge!We have been searching for something healthy to counteract all the (delicious but not exactly good for you) southern food we have been eating in the French Quarter.  I was happy to discover that there was a Daily Beet in St. Roch market. We had the Rainbow grain bowl made with kale instead of their regular greens. Very, very good and my body is thanking me already!In the healthy food dessert that is New Orleans, The Daily Beet made all my nutrient dreams come true. I left so satisfied with the quality of my bowl and the reasonable price (compared to other health food places across the country and the outrageous prices in NOLA) that I came back the next day to try something different. 
The employees were extremely friendly. They have a variety of breakfast, lunch, smoothies, and drinks. The place is clean, cute, and easy to find. I was in NOLA on a holiday weekend and still managed to find street parking not far from the restaurant. 
Food was quality and tasted absolutely delicious. Would recommend this place to anyone searching for something nutritious in a sea of poboys and beignets.Very solid food in a cool neighborhood environment. This restaurant is a quick casual type of place where you line up to order and they give you a number and bring the food to your table. There is a decent amount of seating and the space is very bright, inviting and has an industrial vibe to it. 
My bowl was good, but it was lacking a little bit of flavor. I wasn't crazy about the dressing on it and I really wish there was something else present. I just can't pinpoint what it was missing... The avocado toast with salmon was excellent. The only thing I would change is that they have another option besides sourdough bread. The bread was really good, but I am not a big fan of sourdough and neither is my mom who also ordered an avocado toast. My brother ordered the breakfast tacos and liked them, but didn't love the sweet mashed potatoes that was in them. 
This place is not cheap, but you pay for quality, and this place has some quality food with good portion sizes. I would return back here especially to try some of their smoothies and juices.The best meatless breakfast I ever had.    I was extremely skeptical but a friend told me to come here and get the morning bowl extra egg and the avocado toast with lox.  The wife was very eager to try so I went along.  If I ordered Either one by itself would have been outstanding but each bite was better than the last.   The lox was delicious as was the avacado and the toast (tasted liked baked an hour ago).   The morning bowl was superb.  No idea what was in it but it was awesome.   Love this place.Amazing food and incredible service. I ordered the açaí bowl and my boyfriend ordered the breakfast tacos. They were so tasty! We will be back again on our next NOLA trip!This place was delicious. Amazingly healthy. I loved everything. Try the "Morning" salad it is a must have. We also tried the pb&j smoothie and wow!!! Its so much more then what I expected.had an avo toast and green smoothie here. toast was good but smoothie wasn't blended well / there were frozen bits of bananasStopped by to pick up lunch before a day of studying - found some parking on the street which you have to pay for unless it's Sunday unfortunately. At noon on Saturday it was pretty busy. Employees were running around helping to cook, check out customers, serve food, and bus tables. The woman in front of me had to wait a few minutes with her credit card stuck in the machine before an employee came back to process the payment. This was mildly annoying as time was ticking on my parking spot. No one was overly friendly or welcoming on this day, but no one was rude either.
I ordered the Rainbow bowl to-go and added an egg. For around $12, I got a generous amount of food. Most of the bulk came from quinoa, but they didn't skimp on the other ingredients like nuts, beet, carrot, and currant. I loved the mix of textures and sweet/salty flavors. It was tossed in the perfect amount of dressing, too. 
In case this wasn't obvious, The Daily Beet is vegetarian - I did not see meat anywhere on the menu. However, I didn't miss it as the egg, quinoa, and avocado in my bowl kept me satiated. I'll likely be back again soon, but maybe at the newer Magazine St. location!Daily Beet is more of the healthier options when looking for lunch around South Market in the CBD. They have breakfast and lunch options with more vegetarian items on the menu. My fave is the orbit bowl. I love the flavors of the kim chi and the warm wild rice. There is sometimes too much rice but you can ask for them to put a little less. It is really filling and you can always add an egg to your bowls or toast. I haven't gotten a juice/smoothie yet but I'm sure they are very refreshing.Out of all the places I ventured out to while visiting NOLA this was my favorite! I wish TDB was on every corner, in every state. This is a super cute modern little place, the staff is friendly and helpful. They have breakfast, lunch and dinner options. A lot of the vegetarian options can be made vegan. I could picture myself here sipping coffee on a weekend doing work or dropping by midweek to have lunch. 
I ordered a Mexicali salad, almond milk iced coffee, and a sea-salt chocolate chip pecan cookie (this was not vegan).  I sipped on my coffee and ate my cookie while I waited for my food. I LOVED the cookie, it was thick, the sea-salt on the cookie was a nice final taste note. 
The salad was fresh and filling, it had lots of greens, corn, avocado, tomato and a nice light dressing. It also comes with corn tortilla strips and cheese, but I asked for them to leave these ingredients out. 
I would have loved to have tried one of the juices, but I was so full, if I ever venture back to NOLA I will b-line it back to The Daily Beet.This place is one of my staples for lunch. They have great tasting healthy food. I love their chili, daily soups and the entree bowls. The smoothies and juices are bit on the expensive side but they are well worth it.
And the avocado toast can use some salt I always have to add some :)3.75/5 - morning bowl, always
if the salad doesn't make your waist slimmer, the prices certainly will trim a little from your wallet! with that part out of the way...
it's a good spot for a healthy lunch, and you may have leftovers from your bowl for later. i really like the morning bowl, and while i try to imagine ordering something different, i always just end up ordering that. even at peak lunch hours it seems a table will still open up soon enough.
the team is chill and quick with pulling all the food together, and i do like this place also for business lunches if you're downtown - there's a nice airy quality to the overall environment. 
the only downside i'll name is that parking can be a challenge, if you're not within walking distance (or you know, it's summer), but such is the nature of any lunch endeavor downtown.The Daily Beet is legit!! They make healthy eating fun, fresh, and fierce! So many exciting things on the menu! I have only had their bowls so far and they are my favorite. They are colorful and perfectly gingery. I also tried the hibiscus herbal tea and it was refreshing without being sweet. I always feel completely satisfied after eating here. It's simple and hip without trying too hard. Easy to eat on the go. I wish I lived closer so I could eat here once a day.Great breakfast bowels, smoothies were fresh and interesting. Vibe was very clean and young. Service was pretty good; kind of mixed personalities. High quality fresh food! Very casual!I popped in for some lunch while exploring the city. I got the Sweet Potato Chipotle Chili bowl and it was great! It was very filling but still felt healthy and energizing and it was filled with good flavors. The workers were all friendly.Healthy and tasty! I just ran in to grab a quick smoothie after working out. Parking was a little tough, even on a Sunday. The staff were really helpful when I was deciding on the perfect smoothie. I really enjoyed my choice: the sweet mint. I added protein to be more filling and it was the perfect refreshing meal. I will definitely be back and will add more to this review.I recently visited the N.O. for a weekend trip, and decided to stop here for a healthy breakfast before indulging in all of the southern creole eats and cocktails later. It was so good, we came back the next day too. 
The place has a really great vibe and wonderful service. I wish this was my neighborhood breakfast place...I would stop here everyday!The food and quality was amazing, but service was below the bar. It was my first time and I ordered a pressed juice, smoothie, and avocado toast. The smoothie and juice came up fast and I continued to wait for the presses juice, 10mins later I asked the guy making the smoothies and he said I grab it from the fridge. I wasted time waiting when the lady at the register should've told me to grab the juice from the fridge after discussing which one I should get for my cold. Service should be friendlier and more understanding considering a lot of customers are tourist.This cafe has LA feels and is right next to the cycle bar I went to. I love their juices and their salads are super large and tasty. This is definitely the place to go to reset your body after a night out.My friend and I went here for lunch today and it was very good! It wasn't very crowded and the food came out relatively quick. There was not a lot of seating though so if it had been more crowded that would have been an issue. They use a lot of recycled materials and tried to be eco friendly. The food was very good and the portion sizes were great. I got the Thai bowl and I highly recommend it! The ingredients were all very fresh and it left you full without feeling guilty or bloated. The part of New Orleans it's in is also very nice and cute!Health place. Food is okay. Smoothie was good but made carelessly. Plastic wrapper pieces left in smoothie.The Daily Beet goes beyond nice!There customer service is spot on. I really enjoyed my wellness bowl. 
I can't wait to return and try other things on there menu.Everything was super fresh and was presented beautifully even in a box to go 
Thanks Daily Beet for keeping me fed well!This is the go to place for salads. They have too notch salads, the food is so yummy, healthy, and flavor packed. Coming from the east coast it's nice to have a legit healthy salad spot with juices. We've tried a lot of salad spots around town and nobody compares. It's worth the price and you'll walk out feeling satisfied.Delightful casual vegetarian fare, with friendly service. Refreshing addition to the downtown (and also Magazine St) food scene with a menu offering fresh and tasty fruit and veggie-based dishes, with some unexpected ingredients. Personal faves are the Orbit bowl and Starbuxx smoothie...though everything I've tried here has been pretty great.I'll be honest-I'm from NYC where there is an organic juice/smoothie shop on every corner, and as much as I love living near NOLA now, the city just doesn't have as many healthy options as NYC does. With that said, I was so glad to find The Daily Beet!
I haven't tried their food yet, but I came in here for a smoothie and it was good! I got the Skinny Green Smoothie, it was kale, spinach, pineapple, mango and banana. I liked that it wasn't too sweet as they don't put any artificial syrup/sweeteners in their smoothies.
The atmosphere is modern, clean and spacious. It's a cute place to hangout with friends and chat. Or just to sit and read a book. Bonus points for the Daily Beet because they were playing a bunch of MJ hits while I was there.
Overall, cute little spot with legit healthy food. Can't wait to come back and try their bowls!The Daily Beet was amazing and so unique (miso-beet hollandaise wow!). The orbit bowl and watermelon ginger drink were great, too. Quality, healthy, and delicious choices. Wish we had room in our stomach to have the oatmeal pancake (no refined sugar!
They have grown to be my FAVORITE spot!!!! Another thing is the amazing bowls friendliest staff!!! Definitely a must try!!! 
I'll be back for the the açaí bowl and the fire shots! Also the energy snack balls are super yummy and hit the spot when moving and can't really eat a meal.Very friendly faces here, every time we go. And very tasty smoothies! My son and I love to stop in here for smoothie dates. Very cute stop in on magazine. Haven't tried the food but would like to!This place is a hidden treasure!!
If you're a tourist like I was when in NOLA, know that it's NOT a far walk away from the hotel strip off of Canal St. If you're okay with the walk to the french quarter, you'll definitely be okay with the walk in the opposite direction to The Daily Beet, except in this walk, there's no crowd and QUALITY clean fresh foods. 
RESTAURANT
High ceilings, clean, tidy, great background music and there's free water with cucumber slices and ice to fill up your water bottle if needed. 
STAFF
Friendly, diverse, hip and down to earth staff. The two different times going, I felt welcomed and attended. 
FOOD
GET THE MORNING BOWL!! All of the flavors compliment each other, the lightness of the meal, and healthy! It was so yummy and at the end didn't feel guilty as I still felt light and not uncomfortably full. The fried egg on top and the quinoa was a hit!! This dressing too was different and just was the "icing on the cake". Thinking about it, my mouth is watering ugh. Mooooreeeee. 
SMOOTHIE
I highly recommend the "sweet mint smoothie". After the first sip, I stared at my partner eyes wide open like I hit the jackpot. Smooth, subtle sweetness, and creamy (with almond milk).I had takeout from the daily beet the other Sunday and they did not disappoint! How I  missed this place, I have no idea. The presentation was just as good delivered as I'm sure it would have been in house. The flavors are unbelievable, And their smoothies rocked my world! If you have yet to eat here, go for it because you are seriously missing out.