Wonderful food and service! Crab bisque was so good! Bread pudding was amazing! Highly recommend. This restaurant.Service was nice but slow (we were 1st or 2nd diners at 6pm on a Saturday, so it wasn't crowded), sweetbreads were interesting, rack of lamb great, rabbit dry and not good, white chocolate bread pudding was amazing.Came here because hubby and I wanted to try a nice French restaurant, and this place had bouillabaisse. However, I actually ended up trying the venison instead since I never get to have that either. 
Appetizer: crawfish crepes, delicious. A bit heavy.
Entrees: venison, cooked perfectly although would've benefited from some salt. Chicken entree was also nicely done with a good sauce. 
Service wonderful, very friendly, and patient (we had a loud drunk at the next table). Good atmosphere. Obviously expensive.My wife and I stumbled upon this little bistro on Chop.  It's beautifully decorated and lighted in a romantic way.  The menu was diverse, offering seafood, chops, lamb, steaks and salads.  I had the grouper over Cajun potatoes and my wife had the crawfish & cream-cheese crape and midi salad. The food was incredible! The servings were large and plated appealingly.  Price was very affordable (we were worried since the prices were not showing on the menu posted outside the door).  Dinner for two with wine ran about $70.  Compared to other spots this would be on the lower end price point for comparable finer dining establishments in the area. We HIGHLY recommend!!!Off the beaten path but well worth the short walk from the French Quarter for this amazing bistro's food!   Shrimp Absinthe starter was absolutely superb, and all the entrees ordered by our party of eight were outstanding.  Everyone  loved their food and the service by waiter Ken was very good and very helpful.   
Tomas Bistro is an elegant, handsome place with lovely atmosphere, excellent service, and wonderful interpretations of New Orleans classics.  Highly recommend.Decent but forgettable. BBQ oyster appetizer was good. I got the "Veal Oscar" that the server told me was loaded with crabmeat, their were maybe 3 slivers of crab meat I could find. My date got the rack of lamb which I found to taste awful but maybe  it's because it was lamb and it had that very strong "wild" taste. Can't even remember the dessert. Usually when I go out to eat I get a to-go box because I can't eat it all, but even with appetizer, entree and dessert I wasn't full. My entree portion just seemed really small. We had the groupon special. If I would have paid full price I would have been upset.So great to find a classic French bistro in a city where most chefs are scrambling to make their own treads, reinvent something, bring something new to the table, yadda yadda yadda.  This guy knows his classical technique and isn't afraid to apply it to traditional fare.  The boullabaise was exceptional, the sweetbreads were the best I've had in this city (sorry, Susan Spicer, Bayonna's just got knocked off the top of that short list), and the venison loin skipped on my tongue and into my dreams for days thereafter.  Monsiuer Pamplemousse would give this place three stockpots.My favorite restaurant!  I recommend the Duck, Tournedos, Fish Special of The Day - Chef Guy is the only chef that makes fin fish I will eat.  The Gumbo is outstanding - and the desserts are incredible!Tuna steak, duck Julia, white chocolate bread pudding. amaretto sour and specialty Manhattan. All wonderful!My wife and I have come here twice. Both times we used a Groupon and were treated exceedingly well. You know how some wait staff act like you just blew snot on them when you mention Groupon? None of that here! Our waiters, Joe (some time ago) and Joseph (quite recently) were consummate professionals - very informative and quite helpful with their suggestions (even the ones we didn't take). 
The ambience here is great - perfect for a romantic dinner for two. The food is great. I would make a specific suggestion, but I suspect every item on the menu is a winner. We will likely return here on every visit to New Orleans.It was ok. Really can't say more than that .  My husband had the duck which was pretty good but all In all I wasn't impressed with the food. Way to much vinegary salad dressing on the salad (get it on the side ) The service was adequate. However I will say the ambiance was lovely .  If you were trying to get into Emerils across the street and end up here you will probably be disappointed. Don't get the bouillabaisse. Get the duck ...We got the pleasure of finding this place through an incredible Groupon deal. We had a shrimp appetizer in the most creamy, delicious sauce! Then we had the red fish and veal as entrees, both incredible! We both literally cleaned our plates! The sauces were buttery and so well seasoned, they really brought the meats to a whole new level! Then we had a dessert of chocolate cake that was so soft and creamy in the middle! Delish!!
The atmosphere in the restaurant is awesome. Low lighting and beautiful decor really add to the romantic feel of the place. It was heaven from start to finish! By far one of the best dining experiences I've had in a long time! If you can, stop in for a meal here. And if you see that Groupon deal, grab it!!A good place for a romantic date. Food is good, from mussels and goat crepe to steak and fish to chocolate flourless cake. Service was spotty.Five stars! My husband and I went out with friends for a date night at Tomas Bistro and had an amazing experience. Our waiter was attentive and helpful. Go eat here!!! Also - I recommend the scallops appetizer.We had a groupon which meant we got a 3 course meal. We ended up purchasing a delcious chardanay as well. This place is very romantic. Maybe a mash between Italian ambience with French cuisine? The music playing is maybe from the 1950's and it was Italian music, which I loved. We had the shrimp app which was perfectly cooked. Then I had the catfish which was very light and crispy. My hubby had the duck which I thought was just ok. And the bread pudding was pretty yummy. The staff and ambience made the restaurant more so than the food. Joseph waited on our every need. And Neeil was just as great. I will be back.Love this place. Very old school French fine dining. Romantic place, darkly lit. Venison is delicious, as is most everything else. It seems they go through wait staff regularly though.Great atmosphere. Wonderful meal, the chef came to the table and spoke to us and offered to show us the kitchen. Very confident and has every right to be. 
This food is well prepared with great flavors. 
Perfect bite over and over! 
Great staff, very friendly and on point for service.
What a treasure!I found myself at Tomas Bistro thanks to Groupon, I'm such a sucker.  My friend and I ordered the crawfish and goat cheese crepes which were ok but nothing to write home about.  Although I'd normally go for the vegetarian meal (which they have) I decided to go with the rack of lamb.  It was made just right and the potatoes and sauce were tasty.  
We tried the chocolate dessert and the bread pudding.  My vote goes with the bread pudding because it was very bready/thick/french toast like (which I looove).  Although I thought the dessert was great I wasn't blown away by the meal.  The service was excellent and I liked the romantic feel of the restaurant.A very convenient location because they have valet parking. Pleasant ambiance. They have really good background music, jazz, Edith Piaf, Etc. Good volume. Very good service people. But restaurant was not crowded on. Thursday night. Tasty bread. Nice wine selection. Very good classic New Orleans menu with their own twist. Scallops, oysters, turtle soup and salad were tasty. They need to improve on their New York strip steak for $36. This was not a very good steak, and the sauce that it was presented with was was too salty.Food is absolutely delicious and our waitress was great! We have become quite regulars there.  I feel like this place is sort of a hidden gem of the CBD area.  I have been here quite a few times now, and the dishes that I have tried so far are all good.  They have the best White Chocolate Bread Pudding in town, in my opinion.  The reason that I waited so long to write a review of this place is because in the past, the service was "so so", but in our most recent visit, our waitress, Kim, was just great!!!!What a great find in the warehouse district. The food and service were outstanding, and the ambiance has a lovely New Orleans romantic French vibe. Our server Neel made wonderful recommendations for food and wine and the graciously offered to take us on a tour of the entire restaurant- which is large, but somehow manages to keep an intimate feel. The artwork is beautiful- a lot of French Impressionism, so much so, you feel like you are in a museum! Back to the food - I loved the crayfish and goat cheese crepes! Thanks for a wonderful dining experience!  And order the bread pudding with Maker's Mark caramel sauce!never again.  crap!!! food not worth the price!!!!  weird server, who seemed to go out of his way to make everyone at the table feel uncomfortable.  i cannot believe what they charge for the crap they sell!!  not a cheapskate, i'd just rather spend 200$ at restaurant patois, where i know i won't be disappointed.  every yelp review about this restaurant is completely wrong.  go to patois, or lilette.  unless you have a serious coupon, this place is an absolute disappointment!!!  i literally made my yelp account, just to warn all of you about how disappointed you will be!!!!We came here at 8:30pm and the restaurant was almost empty. Even though there was hardly anyone there, service was very slow. Took 10 minutes to come back to get our drink order. The most memorable part of dinner was the bread and butter, which was delish! Scallops were overly salty and the oysters were just ok. My bf enjoyed the bison steak special. I on the other hand should of skipped out on the gulf fish.Great ambience and our waiter Anthony was very informative!! The Gumbo Ya Ya was way better than Emeril's gumbo, and the Catfish and Grits are delicious! Light and well served with a green onion broth with sprinkles of crumbled Tasso ham!I bought a groupon for this restaurant a couple months ago knowing I was coming to New Orleans for a convention. We were there last week and surprisingly it was across the street and down one block from our hotel. We ordered the Crawfish and Goat Cheese Crepes. I never had crawfish before, but they were yummy! For a main course I ordered Rack of Lamb and my friend had a Filet Mignon. She said her filet was the best she'd ever had. My rack of lamb was everything I hoped it would be and a very large serving. We ordered desserts to split, a creme brulee with blueberries and Profiterales au Chocolat. Both were to die for. No negatives here. Everything was excellent!Everything was Delicious!
Scallops were unreal!
Crab and Brie soup was delectable!
Crab Au Gratin was out of this world!
The service was superb and the drinks were refreshing!
Don't skip this place! You will not regret it!Amazing restaurant. Everything we had exceeded our expectations. It's a bit on the expensive side but you get what you pay for. The service was great. The atmosphere is romantic so it was perfect for a date night. We'll definitely be back.The food had nice flavors BUT a few of the items were a bit too salty for my taste, as well as a couple of my friends with me during dinner. My favorites were the hen with au jus and the mussels, but again these could've had less salt in the cooking. Staff was very professional and friendly. It would be nice to have more of a trendy vibe because it was so quiet in the dining room but overall everything was pleasant and enjoyable... Oh, their Italian bread was so yummy!Just returned from dinner at Tomas Bistro and had to get online to post how totally delicious and Frenchly fantastique it was.  Bought a Groupon for this restaurant before our trip here & so glad we did!  Started with the crawdad and goat cheese crepe...divine.   I had the soft shell crab special...such buttery delicious goodness.  My hubby had the duck dish...prepared two ways.  Duck confit and medium rare duck breast cooked to perfection.  Ended with flour less chocolate cake.  Hallelujah!  Beautiful decor...so charming and no details spared in giving it the French bistro feel.  Nice and attentive wait staff.  Highly recommended!Excellent food and ambience. The service was terrific. Food delivery was slow, and our team grew a little anxious. The food seemed worth the wait though. Dessert was a highlight. I chose the Opera cake and was delighted. Everyone was happy with their selections. Definitely worth a return trip.This. Was. Amazing.....
Started with the goat cheese and crawfish crepes. That is something I will never forget and will be missing in Chicago. 
Get a sazerac while your here because their bartenders know whats up.
I will be back as soon as I step foot in NOLA again.Premium Priced Good Food and Atmosphere
A group of us visited this place Saturday evening as my wife had a Groupon. It was a total of 5 of us. Very nice atmosphere and service was fast and prompt with smiling faces. The Italian homemade seeded bread was excellent in flavor with crispy outside crust served hot. This review is on my specific dish, though the others were quite pleased with their dishes. I ordered the Duck Julia Roasted Breast of Moulard Duck and Confit Leg, Traditional Wild Rice, Swiss Chard, Raspberry Fig Sauce. The fig raspberry sauce was tasty, but the duck seemed to have been refrigerated and warmed, having less than a fresh prepared taste. The greens and wild rice were pleasing. The wife had the Gulf Grouper Cardinal Creole Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus, Crawfish Beurre Blanc. She said it was delicious and it appeared to look wonderful. Another favorable mentioned by one of our other guest was Bouillabaisse Marseilles Saffron enhanced Shrimp Soup with Mussels, Shrimp, Lobster,Fresh Gulf Fish, Roasted Garlic Rouille Crouton.I went with a Groupon in hand with my wife.  We shared the BBQ oyster appetizer, I had the duck and we shared the flourless chocolate cake.  It was all pretty good.  I think I have had better around town so I don't know if I would come back.  I was grateful for the Groupon and if you pick one up it's worth checking out.  You might try some other dishes and find you are a fan.  The drinks were really good.
I liked the oysters.  They're fried and on top of an interesting and slightly creamy Abita BBQ sauce that doesn't really remind me of traditional New Orleans BBQ.  I liked them.  The duck dish was ok.  They sliced the breast in a really sloppy way.  I didn't love the wild rice but did like the greens.  The wild rice didn't have that earthy taste anymore, it was a bit washed out and I couldn't place the add-ins that were, for me, detracting.  It was a generous portion that included a 1/4 leg confit and I appreciated it.  It was a good dish.  
The desert was good.  Good quality Valrhona chocolate makes it hard to go wrong.  It was executed ok and was a decent example of this pretty tired desert.  The coffee wasn't good.  Hard to find bad coffee in New Orleans.  It was decaf but I don't have any trouble finding great decaf here until now.  
I like this place.  I was happy with the service.  It just left me a little flat overall.The first time I went to Tomas I was draw by a marketing coupon from Groupon my wife bought for my birthday and for us to try it out. It was While Linen Night, very festive, except the it was the only day the coupon wouldn't work. :-(  Wifee was upset but we stayed anyway. 
Staff: 3 stars. The hostess was somewhat nice but lacked a bit of genuineness. The waiter  was ok, but it was a very busy night so I had to cut her some slack.
Food: 2 stars. I ordered the Redfish and it has a very wierd taste to it. It was missing something but I couldn't put my finger on it. My wife had Drum and it too had a strange taste to it. I credit the poor food prep and cooking to a very overcrowed dining room.
The second time we went it was a bit different, but the staff and food rating were flipped.
Staff: 2 stars. The (different) hostess was very nice and made us feel very comfortable. The waiter started off fantastic but soon waned after he had another table to attend to. In the middle of our meal he completely forgot about us. I had 3 other waiters help me get the service I needed and even check me out. Sad. And it wasn't even a busy night. Tues.
Food: 4 stars. I ordered Duck and it was fantastic. It had this raspberry sauce on it that was awesome and the presentation was great. My wife has veal and it too was fantastic, tender and flavorful. Two great meals. 
Overall, 3 stars. Between the first and second visit, I give it 3 stars. The food was bad the first time and the service was bad the second time. The atmosphere was good, but very cold temperature. Wifee was freezing. Bring a sweater ladies.  I have no idea why the waiter left us hanging for 20 minutes after we got there. Then I was in a hurry to leave and it took another 30 minutes to get through out meal, desert and check out. I was so pissed. It's a mixed bag for me. I probably won't go again. Oh, BTW, expensive. For an appetizer, 2 entrees, 2 drinks (non-alcohol), and a desert: $92.50. The Groupon took care of it though. And now that I think about it, for $92 for hit or miss service/food quality, I know I won't be going again.Very disappointing for a fine dining experience in New Orleans, and especially for their full pricing.  We went with a Groupon, and upon presenting it to our waiter, he told us: "Isn't this a great deal? Otherwise YOU wouldn't be here, would you?"  Perhaps he meant as a harmless comment, but it definitely felt like a dig (we were appropriately dressed young professionals).  Our waiter was odd for the rest of the night--not there when we needed something, but inexplicably standing over us and watching us eat every now and then.  We watched the hostess disappear from the front from time to time, and a few patrons ended up standing at the door for way too long without being acknowledged by anyone.
The food was very salty...crab au gratin was nothing special, and duck breast and lamb we ordered were both RARE ("The chef recommends medium-rare," as vehemently and repeatedly stated by our waiter when first asked for medium).  Based on the way things were going, we decided just to bring most of it home to finish cooking it ourselves rather than engage in another conversation with the waiter.  The saving grace of our dishes were really the vegetables.
For dessert, the creme brûlée cannoli had a very strong burnt flavor to them and we couldn't eat them.  
With all the amazing restaurants in New Orleans, I would not recommend spending your money here.Amazing!  James, our waiter, was most attentive to our needs and enhanced the experience triple fold.  The music and decor made me believe I was in Paris (at least how I would imagine Paris to be)! Thanks to my fellow Yelp reviewers for the marvelous recommendation.   The food was outstanding!!!!!!!!!Came here on a friday night date night based on other yelp reviews. The atmosphere reminded me of an Italian restaurant in Little Italy. Dimmed lighting, small intimate round tables. Seemed quaint though the space was rather large. My guy had the gumbo which he loved and I had the bisque which was very rich but not overwhelming. I had the venison for my entree and it was kind of bland. My side items tasted better. He had the steak which he thought was good but we were more impressed with our apps. The service was exceptional. Our waiter Joseph was attentive and very kind. We would come again.Five star experience all the way! The interior was warm and inviting. Our server, George, was attentive and cordial. The food was excellent. I had the Duck Julia and my wife had the fish special of the day. Both dishes were well executed and served in generous portion. This was the best meal experience we had during our recent visit to NOLA.I got a groupon to this restaurant on a vacation to New Orleans.  The food was okay, but I would not recommend it if it weren't for the groupon.
We started with some pretty good bread, must be home-made, and the wine list was pretty extensive.  A couple good things to an overall lackluster meal.
My girlfriend ordered a creole gumbo and I believe I had the short-ribs or something to that extent.  It was a couple weeks ago, and I can't remember the meal, to me that is a rarity.  It was good, nothing out of this world though.
The dessert, however, was great- praline cheesecake.  Pretty dang good, but really cheesecake factory is better, so nothing better than what a big box restaurant can produce.
3.5 stars overall.Great for date night
Date night for my wife's pre-birthday trip to New Orleans.  Good ambience, superior service and superb food.  Baked Rock bass followed a great crab cake appetizer.  My wife had the lamb and was very satisfied.  The location is convient to the hotel's on the French Quarter though they may actually be considered part of the warehouse district.  Love it!Tomas Bistro is good, VERY good!  We had Christmas Eve reservations at 5:45, 15 minutes after they opened. We were two minutes late and the restaurant already had a nice crowd.  This is when we experienced the one bad situation at Tomas Bistro.  With many open tables, we were seated by the hostess at a two-topper that was very small in space, partially due to the individual who was seated in the accompanying table at an angle next to ours.  The only way I could sit in the table without making the accompanying diner move was to move my chair out partially into the walkway which would make it difficult for the wait-people.  
We were quite surprised to be seated like that and probably should have said something,  but we are quite passive.  Our waiter, Ian, came over and said "you can't sit here, let's find another table".  He moved us to a two topper that had ample space around it.  Ian immediately was high on our list!  As the night progressed, we saw what Ian meant as the Bistro was very well-staffed, obviously anticipating a very busy evening.
We ordered two appetizers, the scallops and the goat cheese and crawdad crepes.  We were shocked how good they were.  
We had a bottle of wine.  Surprise, we weren't taken advantage by outrageous pricing!  
Our entree that we split, which we were NOT charged an extra fee for splitting an entree, was fantastic (the pecan-crusted drum).  
I am not a bread l eater, but what was served was tremendous.  Ian, our waiter, brought us a second basket without us requesting such.  
We lived in Las Vegas for many years.  We ate at some of the best establishments in the world.  Tomas Bistro was just as good as any we have dined at.  Ian, our waiter, was better than most of the servers we have experienced over the years, definitely top 5!  
We split the pecan-crusted drum, no additional charge!  (Way to go Tomas Bistro!)  The appetizers were fantastic, would love to get them again at the bar.  We got the daily dessert special, mainly because you wanted to get one last taste of what Tomas had to offer.  We were not disappointed.  
This has to be said as I worked as a waitperson many years ago and experienced how many people treat service industry workers.  Besides Ian being a great server, the entire restaurant staff was exceptional.  Our water glasses never went below half-full.  Nobody tired to rush us by grabbing our plate when it looked like we were finished, even on a very busy night.  The management has done a great job. 
It was a fantastic experience at reasonable prices, especially considering the quality of the food.  In a city with great eating establishments, Tomas Bistro is our new favorite New Orleans restaurant.  Great job by everyone!We arrived at Tomas Bistro at about 5:30pm (since we had someplace to go afterwards). We had made a reservation in advance so we had no issues getting a free table but despite the fact that the restaurant has just opened, it was empty anyways. There was only one other table when we got there and only a handful of tables were there when we left at about 7:30pm. 
The ambiance is pretty much grandma's rustic dungeon. The only thing missing were doilies on the table but that was reflected in the window curtains anyways. I am probably not really in their age demographic so that was not much of a bother. What irked me was the darkness of the restaurant and it would have annoyed me more had I not been seated by a window.
The service was typical French; proper and uniformed. Service was good. Our server was knowledgeable and personable and more importantly, water remained filled. It really isn't a big deal but my OCD had me wondering why crumbs weren't removed from the table especially considering the type of service they appear to offer.
The drinks were good. I had a glass of Prosecco but my fiancé (I always say boyfriend and am struggling to get used to that) had not one but two Rum Punches. It had the right balance, although I will say the orange juice stood out. Still, it was tasty and refreshing. It was not particularly boozy to taste, but had the desired intoxicating effect. 
We started with the Crabmeat Pontchartrain. I get so excited when I have a dish with crabmeat and it actually has crabmeat. The avocado was fresh and the flavor was on point I was just a little salty that the portion was so small and I had to share.
After eating such amazing Rack of Lamb at a different restaurant, this one just didn't deliver (not to say it was bad). It came with Tomato Provencal and that didn't help its case. It was very mushy and kind of gross. 
The Rabbit Au Poivre was tasty, I'll give them that. It just could have been slightly more tender but had a lot of flavor. The problem was the sauce on top. It was too thick and I don't want to say it but was similar to something I'd expect from a mix (which at their prices I hope wasn't).
We finished the meal with the Maricabo Warm Flourless Chocolate Torte. I will put it this way, if you have a chocolate craving you will be satisfied. 
The food was overpriced and at those prices the food just does not seem as enjoyable as it should be. With so many restaurant choices in New Orleans you can definitely find someplace better to eat. It is by no means terrible just not a place I would ever tell someone to go to.One of the worst restaurants I've been to in a long time. I know that it was Christmas Eve, but no excuse for the multiple miscues and failings. First off, bread was hard and cold. Next waiter forgot drinks for one in our party and had to be reminded more than once. Food was fair to inedible (how can you mess up grits??). Out of 5 entrees only one person liked their entre (it was a steak).   Long long wait between app and entree. Something must have been going on because for a time lasting about 10 minutes there was no food being served to anyone in the dining room, scarce waiters, changing bus boys etc.  On our way out, after paying an overpriced bill for substandard food, a MOUSE ran across the length of the dining room. I know that many restaurants deal with mice,  but as a patron I find it unsettling to say the leastOne of my favorite Nola restaurants. Deserves a 6th star. Waitstaff and food off the chart perfection. Fish tasted like it was caught an hour before being plated.Okay, was really looking forward to this experience on our last night in NOLA. What a disappointment. Upon arrival at around 7:30, the place was almost empty, not hardly a soul. It is, indeed, a beautiful establishment and has a very romantic setting - a large place too, but doesn't feel that way. Server arrived quickly and reviewed the specials. Started with bottle of wine, seared scallops and the crawfish/goatcheese crepes appetizers. On paper, they sound delicious - in reality, the sauces on both were uninspired and very salty, not enhancing and definitely detracting from the taste of what "could & should" have been. I had the venison, which really could have been any meat at that point as it tasted, well, like nothing - or maybe just an unseasoned piece of something with some type of bland sauce to help choke it down. I expected more, and have done better with venison myself. Spouse had the fish special which was baked fish with something similar to the sauce on the appetizer - again, over-salted and mushy. 
Hate to be so harsh, but as a very seasoned traveler, extensively both domestically and overseas, so I do have a fairly knowledgeable grasp and understanding of the culinary world and a fairly experienced palate. That being said, the service was still very good and the server very gracious. I'm sad that our dining experience was mediocre at best, especially on our last night. I was hoping for an experience that would be as memorable as our vacation was.My bf and I had a very lovely, quiet dinner here a couple nights ago. We had been wanting to try, so I purchased a Groupon, and the experience did not disappoint. The interior is historically beautiful and bigger than I imagined. Our server was very attentive and helpful through the ordering process. 
We ordered the veal sweetbreads for our app- I personally am usually not a huge sweetbread fan, but these were amazing with the sauce they're served in.  I had the chicken pontalba entree and my bf had the Venison Short Loin Geniévre, both were delicious. For dessert, we shared the white chocolate bread pudding, which was so delicious!! 
Great atmosphere, excellent service, and amazing food: will definitely return.Let me just say, this was a great choice in a city full of restaurants in walking distance in the French Quarter we decided to go off the beaten path tonight and made our way here. Food and service was outstanding. We had the Crab  A Gratin and frog legs for apps and lamb chops and soft shell crab for dinner and can you say " Georgia Peach Cobbler with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream"   Sommer was our server and she did a wonderful job.. very attentive and helpful in our choices... definitely be back to this establishment.Tomas Bistro hosted our rehearsal dinner in March 2017 & I can't begin to tell you what an incredible job they did.  They went above & beyond to make our night super special.....along with their fantastic food.  I highly, highly, HIGHLY recommend them for just dinner or hosting a special event.I was in New Orleans for a work conference. I needed to arrange a large dinner and lots of things were booked but I finally settled on this place without every going inside.  Emily, the sales manager was extraordinary helpful in arranging all of this!
First of all, the back room is just exquisite. It's beautifully decorated with comfortable couches and great lighting, wood work, etc. Everyone commented on the decor and were happy to enjoy their cocktails in the seating back there.  The restaurant itself is also beautiful and although the bar is small, it's a spacious area.
Before we all got seated, I sat at the bar and ordered a "Perfect Margarita." Can I tell you that this is the most dangerous thing I've ever had? It was literally PERFECT. Freshly squeezed EVERY single juice right in front of me and there was so much alcohol in there that I couldn't even taste any of it. Totally dangerous.  I had 4................. lol. Anyway, make sure to order one (or 4)!!!
There was a preset menu - I picked a chowder, a salad, either crabmeat over linguini or a chicken dish. Dessert was (from what I heard) a not-so-ordinary flan that was delicious. In fact, everyone kept complimenting me on my choices and the menu. Even the bread on the table was delicious.  The menus were printed on card stock and set on each individual plate. Very fancy! 
Service was impeccable. They were very attentive, on point and kind. Glasses were always filled and, I swear, I think my napkin was still midair about to fall when one of them came and swooped it up! 
Now, what did I eat? Well, I mentioned to the booking agent that I was vegan and could the chef perhaps prepare something? She said she'd take care of it. When I got there, THEYD PRINTED MY VERY OWN SEPARATE MENU!!!! Omg!!!!! On it's own card stock!!! I had a completely different but equally delicious meal of marinated tomatos, salad, some kind of roasted vegetables and I'll take a picture when I get home. Everything was amazing. They were incredibly accommodating and we had such an amazing time thanks to them.
I'd truly recommend booking a large party through them or just going there for dinner. The food and service were on point and my boss and the attendees couldn't have been happier. We had a fabulous time!First night in New Orleans didn't know where to go.   Found Tomas Bistro on Groupon. So glad i did! The food, service and our waiter Joseph were superb! The food was amazing! Definitely will recommend it and go back again. Thank you Joseph for a wonderful dining experience.Good fine dining menu options. They offer crawfish and goat cheese crepes like Muriel's, but they are not quite as good, but overall tasty. I had a filet with lump crabmeat and crawfish potatoes for the main entree. I would have given this place 4 stars if only my meal was HOT! I sent  my plate back asking it to be re-heated to only get a reallllly hot plate with the same temperature food. I was really disappointed. The food was flavorful and would have been so good had it been the right temperature. I would like to give this place another try. The ambiance is nice and the prices are high like fine dining, but it's missing that fine dining service. The wait staff was fine, but you don't get the whole fine dining feel from this place.This was by far our best meal in New Orleans.  The Crab Au Gratin appetizer was so good I would have licked the dish if there had not been extra bread.  I had the Rack of Lamb for my entree.  It was amazing.  Seared to perfection with a crisp that never hinted of burnt.  The meat was so juicy and tender it melted off the bone.  The sauce and mashed potatoes were an incredible complement to the Lamb.  My beautiful bride had the Grouper with Crawfish Brûlée.  It was so good and flavorful, I could not help but steal from her plate. For desert we shared the Bread Pudding.  It was like no other!  I'm not sure I could find the words to do it justice.  Kim, our server, did a masterful job of walking us through the menu and suggesting food based on our preferences.  Thank you!!!Good ambiance for a nice dinner. I was worried when I  read the menu as it all seemed a little pretentious. Everything we had was delicious, but the Riesling was pretty cheap tasting for a glass that cost $8.50. Had the carpetbagger steak, gulf fish (red fish) with asparagus and crawfish. For dessert was a pecan praline cheesecake. Great service. A bit pricey.Tomas is very beautiful and has that old NOLA charm. Amazing food and great service! Eddie the server is very knowledgeable and a gem for giving us suggestions! Giuseppe the bartender makes a great Sazerac and Pecan Old Fashioned. Love sitting in the back, great for rehearsal dinner.We ended up here looking for a quick reservation for a group and was so glad we did. We started with the Frog Legs and the BBQ Oysters. Both were to die for!! The sauces were plate licking good. The BBQ with Abita was heavenly and whatever was on the frog legs was magical. I had the Venison for dinner which was also delicious. I would recommend for anyone staying in the area and really for anyone looking for a quiet meal off the crowded streets.Started with the crawfish goat cheese crepes and turtle soup, both were delicious. I got the lamb and my boyfriend got the trout special. Both were unbelievable !! The restaurant is in an old factory very warm romantic and charming. Our waiter was awesome and told us some less touristy places to go. To top it off we had a groupon but definitely worth it without the deal. Best meal I've had to date!Amazing food and service! Had the rabbit for the first time.  Incrdible. Husband had swordfish best fish we've ever tasted. Service was amazing love the out of the way no touristy vibe of the area. The restaurant is beautiful perfect atmosphere.  Definitely recommend if you're into amazing food in comfortable atmosphere.What a wonderful discovery while in New Orleans for a conference. Delicious food and excellent service. I cannot remember such attentive service, at least not in recent memory. Tonight I decided to have a selection of appetizers and what a treat. Goat cheese and crawfish crepes are out-of-this-world. A wonderful salad special with a 100-year-old.balsamic vinegar and a special of the day dish with local shrimp. This restaurant is a treat! I will return soon!Complements to the chef!! Glad we found this gem on Groupon while visiting the New Orleans CBD area. 
We made our reservation a few days in advance and came in on a wet chilly Sunday night. We were seated immediately and our server Neel greeted us promptly. We told him about the groupon and he was happy to fill us in on the details. 
We stared with the Pecan Old Fashioned and a glass of Rock-Vine cab. The old fashioned was a nice tasty twist from the usual and my vino was delish! 
Our groupon deal was for an app, 2 entrees, and a dessert. We started with the Crawfish Crepes filled with light fluffy goat cheese and topped with an amazing crawfish sauce. No kidding around hands down best Eva!!!
For the entrees, I chose the Duck Julia and my bf had the Rack of Lamb (additional $5.00 charge). Both were phenomenal!! Meats were cooked to perfection, tender and ohh so juicy! Both of us could not stop looking and each other with mouths full saying Mmmmm!!!! 
The dessert round, we had the Bread Pudding and an after dinner drink the Ciao Bella. They were both delightful!! 
Service was top notch! Ask for Neel! Ambiance is dark and romantic with a rustic feel. Parking looks limited to street parking and I didn't see valet but walked from our near by hotel so I wouldn't really know. 
I am glad we found this deal and would recommend to anyone! Happy Eating's!Purchased the Groupon, and decided to take my Mother there for her Birthday. Even without the Groupon Tomas Bistro will be a place I will return. We ordered the Crabmeat Au gratin for our our appetizer which was delicious and a cup of Oyster and Articoke soup which was amazing that just thinking about it my mouth is watering. For our entrees my mother order the Pecan Crusted Fish, which was a Puppy Drum, my mom truly love it. I ordered the Rack of Lamb which was cooked perfectly, it melted in your mouth, the creamed potatoes where delicious and complimented the dish. For dessert we had the chantilly cream, fresh fruit stuffed Crepes they were good, not to sweet but truly we were so full that we couldn't have eaten a rich and heavy desert.
Also, I want to say to the owner Mr. Tommy Andrade. Thank you for making my mothers birthday extra special. It was a pleasure meeting you and my mother was overly impressed especially when you showed us the entire restaurant and all your beautiful Christmas decorations. I plan to make this a regular dining experience. Love it!! :)Like many other yelpers, a groupon brought me here. Overall a great dining experience with very delicious food and great environment. Very cute decor in a relatively good sized setting. 
Appetizers: Atlantic blue mussels in a white wine, herb butter and cream sauce - great sauce! Even better with the complimentary bread! 
Entree #1: Filet mignon stuffed with fried oysters with a veal demi glaze. It was the night's special and I thought it was an interesting surf and turf. The oysters were really good and the filet was good, independently. I don't  think i like the two together, especially with the oysters weirdly placed in between the filet. Oh well. I ate every piece of it!
Entree #2: Duck Julia - My wife got this dish and she enjoyed it. most of it. The roasted duck breast was very good. However the duck leg confit was not; it was dried and just not flavorful. She actually didn't eat it. I normally finish her leftovers but it wasn't good enough for me to finish it off. Meh. Probably won't get this if we come back
Dessert: Bread pudding - Unfortunately the dinner didn't end with a memorable note. The dessert was flat and one note. Just sweet. It got old real quick. We didn't finish it. 
This place was okay. It had some memorable moments, but also multiple forgettable moments. I might come back here and give it a second chance. I'll let you  know how the second time fares. 
--Keep eatin'Excllent!  Thanks to Groupon, my spouse and I were introduced to Tomas Bistro, an excellent French Creole restaurant.  The ambience was relaxing and comfortable, the staff attentive, friendly, and professional and the food delicious and wonderful.  We've been there twice.  Starting with  the apperizers, my spouse loved the BBQ oysters.  The batter was light and the sauce was outstanding. He ordered it again when we went to Tomas the second time.  I ordered the jumbo scallops the first time and sweet breads the second time.  Both were very good!  Our entrees were the tournedos of beef, rack of lamb, and venison.  All prepared attractively and flavored perfectly.  We split our desserts, chef's special, - had to watch the calories.  With or without Groupon, Tomas has had our repeat business!An amazing dinner - from the buttery scallops appetizer, to the grouper entree, and finishing with a delicious white chocolate bread pudding. I highly recommend this restaurant, tucked away in the warehouse district. While you're there, be sure to check out the beautiful Gallery Room in back. You have to check out this restaurant while in the city!Tomas Bistro was Amazing!! I purchased the Goupon they offered and by far it's was steal!! I will definitely return!! The menu has so many great options that's it's hard to choose just one. I had the Mussels which were delicious and the sauce you just had to soak the bread in. Yummy!! :) My friend order the Goat Cheese stuffed Crepe with crawfish sauce. Which was amazing!! Entree  I ordered the Venison, OMG mouthwatering amazing and perfect!!! My friend order the Veal Special which was paned veal topped with Crabmeat. That too was amazing!! The atmosphere is romantic and quant, definitely a date night option. :)We absolutely loved the duck and the red snapper entrée special. Ask for Joe, a rare gem of a server. Best save room for the bread pudding. The caramel sauce will make your night. Could not have had a more positive experience.We purchased a groupon for this restaurant and were 100% satisfied! Our server, Ken, was attentive, informative, and a joy. We enjoyed the crab au gratin for our app which was perfection. Next, we had lamb and a veal dish that were both incredible. Lastly, we ended with a flourless chocolate cake which was very good. This is a more traditional restaurant that focused on service, traditional meals, and food that was prepared to perfection. I would rate  4.5 if I could.The shrimp remoulade appetizer was very good, but everything else was a little underwhelming for the price.  The pecan crusted fish was particularly disappointing and came with about one potato.  For god's sake, spend another quarter and put a few more small potatoes on the plate.  The service was attentive but somewhat pushy regarding ordering wine, etc.  The ambiance was a little nicer than I expected.Went to the restaurant with some friends. 
The food was delicious! The appetizer, the main course, the wine, the desserts! OMG! Melt-in-your-mouth amazing!
Just be aware, the main course does take a while to come out. So don't come here starving! 
This place is great to enjoy a nice drink, talk, and talk, and talk, and then eat eat eat the fabulous food!
The desserts are awesome so be sure to check out the bread pudding!
The service was also incredible and Joe made everyone feel welcome, even the kid who loved her mock cocktail! 
Perfect ending to a somewhat rocky stay in NOLA.Tommy,
We did not have the pleasure to meet you, but be aware that your employees know how to treat your guests.
To start, our food/beverage runner was very kind. He was prompt, classy, and polite. He knows that consumers pay good money for good service and that is exactly what he provided. Unfortunately I cannot recall his name, but he's the tall gentleman with the slick hair. Cheers for taking care of us.
Joseph, our server was very knowledgeable and has great taste in food. He gave us great information about your intimate warehouse-restaurant and even gave us a tour. Seriously, one would never understand the size and beauty  of your restaurant without that tour. You have a gorgeous facility.
Our crawfish crepe was uniquely amazing. I may not be the biggest fan of goat cheese because it was sour, but I thought the concept was great and the crawfish were large in size and tasted great with the sauce. 
My girlfriend ordered the veal. She said the asparagus was perfect, however the overall Bernaise sauce was a little on the strong/vinegary side. But the proportion of the meal was great, and that means a lot to her.
I ordered the lamb chops. Sure, it was a perfect rare, and it went well with the sauce and creole potatoes, however I found the lamb to be a little on the chewier side. Maybe I got unlucky.
We finished with the bread pudding. Oh man, by the end, we were stuffed, but Joseph recommended it. It was great. Everything is made from scratch in house and I really appreciate the quality of your dessert, especially that caramel sauce. Sure I gained a pound from eating it all by myself, but hey we were on vacation anyway. 
Overall, I would love the opportunity to eat here again if I am in the area.Decided to try this place out for our weekly date night. It was valentines week so we splurged a little more than usual and I'm glad we did! Love the romantic ambiance of the place! Our app. Was the crawfish and goat cheese crepes, boyfriend had the grouper I had the veal Oscar and we finished with a white chocolate bread pudding for dessert. It was all so delicious!! Service was excellent and our waiter even gave us a tour after. We were seated right next to a glass wall that looked out to a quaint court yard. It was a wonderfully romantic experience! Can't wait to return!Went there last year for fiancé bday and he loved it. Rack of lamb was SO good and I got the filet. Great ingredients and taste. This year he got the venison (cooked perfectly) and I got the veal which had this awesome sauce and potato hash. We added a crawfish bisque (skip out of that) and we got a crab cake special appetizer which can also be skipped out on. The waiter, Joseph, was awesome. He even took us on the little tour to the back of the restaurant where they hold wedding receptions. Went here with a groupon.We've been to Tomas Bistro several times, both with a large groups and just my husband and I.  Food has always been consistently good and the service great.  We always try to stop by when in New Orleans. It had been a while ago, but I do remember everyone in our group being very pleased with their meals. Love the atmosphere, food and staff!  I highly recommend!!!I also found this is deal in groupon. Amazing food. I got the crawfish risotto and my fiance got the lamb. Ssoo amazing. We also had the chance to meet the owner who was really nice as well. The inside is very romantic and peaceful. This was so good that we are going to get married in New Orleans and want to have our rehersal dinner here.This was a fun place for our large group (13) to dine.  Some of the main dishes were excellent, others were very unimpressive.  The servers were quite rude when they were present at all, especially considering how quiet we were for a large group and how much wine we were buying! It was not a busy evening, so it was less excusable.
In their defense, they were kind enough to discount our bill in apology.This restaurant is absolutely beautiful. The food at my friend's wedding last night was delicious. There was a bartender named Anthony who was very good at his job. Overall, I think it makes for a really nice wedding venue. I would like to come back for dinner one day soon and order off their regular menu.Service was great. Staff was very very friendly and accommodating.  Sat in the patio which was nice and went early so we had the place to ourselves. Venison was ok. My wife said the rabbit was excellent.  Overall, great place for dinner.We had a good time here. The food was cooked to our liking. Interior of the place was very well put together. I recommend it.Excellent food and service - it was a terrific evening.  Salad of asparagus and tomato was very fresh and cool on a muggy evening.  I enjoyed catfish and grits.  Companions had a variety of other dishes including duck, and rabbit if I recall, and everyone was happy with their food.  Terrific!Tomas was a delightful restaurant with great ambiance. Our waiter, James, was very attentive and helpful! The carpetbagger steak has amazing flavor and melted in your mouth. I will be coming back!Omg the rabbit and lamb were amazing. My friend is a pretty snooty eater and usually complains about everything but she was digging the rabbit. The lamb was perfectly cooked and I had 3 hurricane drinks and a old fashioned.Wow, wow, wow. Used a groupon and went to Tomas Bistro for our anniversary. Could not have been more perfect. Lovely place, great service, greeted us with champagne! I had the grouper (out of this world) and a shrimp remoulade on fried green tomatoes (outstanding) and they brought us a fried oyster starter (terrific) met the owner, got a tour and were escorted to Tomas cocktail bar across the street for another tasty aperitif! Do not miss Tomas on ant trip to N'awlins!!I think our experience at Tomas bistro could have gone a lot better. Me and my girlfriend were here for my 23rd birthday. As young professionals, our service at this restaurant prompted us to have an interesting conversation at dinner. At what point can we stop tipping well just to prove a point to a rude waiter that we do indeed have money and will tip? On arrival, we were seated next to a high traffic door that was opened into my girlfriends chair. We never did really know who our waiter was because one person read us the specials after noticing we had not been attended to. The person who I assume to be our waiter came to our table twice. Once to take our order and once to bring our bill. I understand that we look like college students who don't tip well, but we ALWAYS tip 20 percent even for less than great service. Luckily for the waiter, he still got the 20 percent tip - A little unfair to the guy who was on the ball about bringing out our bread, entrees, and desert as well as constantly refilling the water but hopefully this review will let young professionals everywhere know that they will certainly be treated differently than the 30-40 year old business man who in all honestly will only tip 15-20 percent.We were visiting NOLA for my birthday and this was one of the places we had my birthday dinner. I had bought a Groupon a while back. Based on the reviews on Yelp, I had to try this place out. Boy was I pleasently surprised!
It was a small walk from our hotel in the French Quarter. Our server, Stephen, was amazing! He was very attentive as well as helpful. He gave us tips on where to go check out live jazz music as well as where to eat on my actual birthday. 
We ordered the Jumbo Diver Scallops Grenobloise which was juicy and delicious. It came with 3 scallops- I wish there was more! I ordered the Roast Rack of Lamb and the hubby ordered the Veal Oscar. I enjoyed my lamb- it was cooked the way I like (medium-rare) and the sauce went well with the mashed potatoes. I got to try my husband's Oscar Veal and that was amazing! I've only had veal a couple of times in my life and the way Tomas prepared it was amazing. He loved it so much he wouldn't stop raving about it the next day. If I go back, I will have to order the veal for myself. 
If you get a chance, come check out Tomas Bistro- with or without a Groupon. It was worth it! I will have to go back next time I'm in NOLA.A few weeks ago four of us went and had a good but not great dinner.Two in our group had the Rabbit and found it very dry.Not what you would expect from a French restuarant.The Grouper was good.Snapper special was good but over priced for what you get.The food was pretty good, but our waitress was just an idiot.  She really just seemed like a deer caught in the headlamps.  And if you are going to be charging this much for food, you'd better have a great waitstaff.My fave part about Tomas Bistro is the ambience. Super romantic. The appetizers (crawfish & goat cheese crepes and crab au gratin) stood out above any other course. Cocktails were also delicious...potent & yummy. Unfortunately, a portion of my entree (pecan crusted drum) was overcooked...I was able to eat 2/3 of it, but the remainder was extremely tough... so tough, in fact, that it actually could not even be cut with my fork. Oh well. All other dishes were excellent, including the amaretto cheesecake, so I definitely plan on returning.This was a pretty bad meal. I ordered the rabbit entrée because I usually do not order rabbit, but when I do I enjoy it. It came with a dirty rice side that was so salty I could not eat it. The rabbit was well cooked, but the Creole sauce was bland and the spices just were not right. The best part of my meal was the side of green beans and the glass of wine I had. I left hungry and disappointed and will not return.This lovely little bistro gets 5 stars from me for a few reasons:
1. Accommodation: This place has some space. We were in town for a bachelorette party with 13 ladies and they easily housed our party with room to spare. 
2. Staff/Service: Our service was on point. I have no complaints about the timeliness of delivery or attentiveness. 
In addition, our server had no qualms about splitting the bills 13 WAYS! After working in the service industry, I know that can get a little confusing especially when you have special requests like "um can you split hers amongst the 12 of us? K thanks!" 
High Five to our waiter who handled that like a pro and never made us feel like we were doing him a disservice. 
Also, the bartender saved my evening and happily charged my phone for me while we enjoyed our meal.
3. FOOD: Oh the food. My girlfriend and I shared the oyster appetizer and it was the perfect portion, calming my appetite until our food arrived, lightly breaded, not heavy or greasy. We also elected to split the special that night which was sea bass, paired with spaghetti squash and some kind of magical mashed potato side that blew my mind. I was boozing all day so pardon my lack of detail in my description, but basically everything was moan worthy.
Love it! Cheers. 
PS: If you're headed to this place on foot trying to use google maps, don't.We had an excellent dinner. Most noteworthy was the scallop appetizers, drum fish with a pecan/crab relish. Neel shared that their bread pudding was special. My grandson loved it. Instead of raisins the bread is layered with white chocolate and topped with a caramel nut sauce.Extremely disappointed with price issues. This location offered a GROUPON; pay $54 get $88 toward an appetizer, 2 entrees and a dessert for 2 people. I jumped at it. I had however read several views about pricing concerns so I read the offer and fine print over and over ... I was prepared and knew what my GROUPON covered. We had 8pm reservations on 5/10 and only 6 other tables were occupied. Many people eyed the menu board outside and continued walking on. I'm sure the prices scared them away. The restaurant was nice and ambient. My husband and I ordered drinks. A house glass of wine ($8) and a basil lemon martini ($10) which was extremely sweet. Had it redone; no longer sweet but the alcohol seemed to have disappeared. We shared the scallops ($15) which were delicious. I had the fish; Drum prepared Cardinal style ($27) and hubby had the "Rack of Lamb" ($36). The dishes were delicious. The lamb was not a rack as advertised but three (3) lamb ribs which were exceptionally cooked; cut like butter and flavorful. We ended with the bread pudding ($10) to go. The food at Tomas Bistro is great but pricey and that's where the nonsense begins. Our food totaled $88 so I expected to pay for the drinks, tax and tip. Once I announced I had a GROUPON I was told the appetizer, entree and dessert has a price limit to be credited towards the GROUPON specifically that the appetizer was limited to $14 and the entree was limited to ($30 or $32) and before my server, who was great, could finish I cut her off politely and said, "No, I don't think that's correct". She called over a gentleman wearing a blazer; Juan who seemed to be in charge and doubled as the bartender. She explained I had a GROUPON and my concerns about pricing and he attempted to reiterate what she had already explained. I cut him off too, not before he explained he could not afford to sell the items any other way otherwise he would be loosing money. This is a prime example of a business selling GROUPONS to get you in the door and then attempting to pull a old bait and switch. Terrible ....  and I was having no parts of being taken advantage of. Needless to say I asked him to show me where his pricing concept was written as I had read my GROUPON and there was no such pricing paradigm. He said ok and walked away as if he was going to get the proof I was requesting. He returned some 4 minutes later telling my waitress to just give us the $88 credit as if he has done us a favor and never speaking another word to us.  This establishment has been taking advantage of GROUPON bearing customers but not this one. Just shameful. Beware.Love the atmosphere. Scallops were awesome. Had the scrimp bisque, which was great. Lamb chops were also great. James took us for a tour of the restaurant. Strongly recommendUnbelievable! The shrimp appetizer was amazing with a cream based absinthe and fennel sauce. The lamb rack was to die for. The venison was super tender. Creme caramel was delicious.We went on a Sunday afternoon it was really quiet, service was excellent. The warm sesame bread was incredible so we asked for seconds. I had the duck Julia medium it was perfection. We also got a peek at the rest of the restaurant and reception area worth a look if your planning a NOLA wedding it is beautiful. There is a private suite for the bride and groom on premises.A calm retreat from the chaos of bourbon street. The food and service were fantastic . The muscles and frites were huge and delicious! Such a lovely atmosphere and we all had a lovely evening!A great place for a date dinner or a fancy night out.  Tomas is beautiful inside and they have a little courtyard.  The service is terrific, and the food is great.  We had an Absinthe shrimp appetizer that was stellar.  Hot crusty bread came along with it.  For dinner I had rack of lamb and the lady had a fish special that night.  We were both very pleased with our dinners, although I thought the lamb was the better of the two - perfectly cooked, wonderfully meaty with a terrific bernaise sauce and herbed mashed potatoes.  I literally ate every last morsel and took the bones home to my dog.  He's a fan of Tomas now too. Good wine menu, great desert.  The CBD has a some restaurants where you're paying for location and ambiance more than food & service.  This isn't one of those places.Tomas Bistro, a short distance from the FQ, is a wonderful spot!  An asparagus appetizer, roast duck and pecan crusted drum were very well prepared...in fact, the drum fish was "to die for!"  It was quiet when we were there, ideal for an intimate meal but it was easy to visualize the space as perfect for a large, grand celebration too.  Our server, Sommer, was a delightful, attentive and knowledgeable professional.  Try this place for a delectable meal off the beaten path.  You'll be glad you did!This place was awesome!  Our server Kim was phenomenal, and recommended some great dishes.  The goat cheese and crawfish crepes were superb, and I had the rabbit and my girlfriend had the duck.  We both enjoyed our meals, and the portions were perfect.  The bread pudding for dessert melted in your mouth!  I would definitely go to this place again.  The atmosphere was great, and it allowed us time to eat and have great conversation!This place really is just fantastic! I highly recommend it. It's not my usual place, but i REAAALLY do like it.
The service is really nice, the guys know the shpeel but they're always easy to flag down, which I appreciate. 
The Oysters Lyonnaise are fantastic - and it comes with a big whole block of delicious smokey pork belly. They were really great. The sauce was delicious.The mussels were fantastic as well. Creamy, garlicky, winey sauce that I want to drench everything in. The shrimp with fennel was fantastic too. 
I got the Pecan Crusted Fish, which was black drum. Huge portion, yummy mashed potatoes, and asparagus. I asked for a side of Bearnaise because I can't resist. 
The sweetbreads were also prepped perfectly. Some places don't smash them, and the texture... grah. These were perfect.
They also serve traditional Italian bread, it's so great. They have a long list of FANTASTIC side dishes. Try any of them. 
All in all, a great meal.Well they say you should wait 24 hours.....  It still did not help.  The red wine was stored on the dining room floor or across the street at a wine bar.  First bottle was from across the street and I had the pleasure of having the last glass and had to chew through the sediment, nice pour.  Second bottle was off the dining room floor and was nice and warm.  Then the meal came and the over all experience continued down hill.  I ordered the Grouper special and it looked like it was from a cafeteria buffet, It was over cooked and cold.  It then took another 10 mins to get the attention of the wait staff to return it which was very frustrating since the restaurant was empty.
Quite possibly the worst restaurant experience I have ever had........the food and the wait staff were abysmal.Kim was the bomb. GET THE CRAWFISH AND BRIE CREPES. grouper and bisque we're also great. Did I mention the crepes?Excellent food and service! We've  come here a couple times and have really enjoyed it. Quaint little spot for a romantic date night.SO good we have been twice and both times Joseph and Neel were superb as well as everything we ate. Sweet breads, for instance, rival favorably my favorites at Clancy's.. Great sazeracs and old fashions too!!! Tommy has three places right across the street from each other. Do the dinner for four and share Tomas Bistro with some friends. Great setting,great food and drink, excellent service,why nothurry!!??Love the environment!! Duck Leg is a little bit dry. Mussels appetizer is fantastic. A great place to go!! But a little bit pricy.We stopped in to try out new restaurants and we were not disappointed. Not only was the food beyond exceptional, our server was fantastic! Her name was Kim and she was knowledgeable and funny, which we really enjoyed! Highly recommend this restaurant and kudos to Kim!I read all the good reviews given to Tomas and hate to be the one that gives a bad review...
We just got back from dinner and I'm sorry to say there's nothing good to write about this restaurant! Everything from the service to the food was bad all around!
The server has a major attitude from beginning to the end even though he tries hard not to show it... but all of us can see right through it.
The scallops we ordered were so salty! The turtle soup is eh... Three of us had the bouillabaisse and it was subpar. My daughter had the rabbit and it was the OK, not great.
At the end, the server automatically added 20% gratuity to our check automatically even though there were only five of us (the restaurant's policy is to only add the 20% gratuity for a party of six or greater).
Save your money and dine elsewhere.My wife and I are in New Orleans and purchased a Groupon for Tomas Bistro.  The Groupon included an appetizer, 2 entrees and a dessert.  Our experience was excellent from the moment we arrived until the moment we left.  A gentleman named Ken was our waiter, and he went over the Groupon with us and gave us the specials.  A few of the specials were for entrees that were a couple bucks more than the value of the Groupon, and Ken clearly communicated that we would just pay that difference were we to choose any of those options.  He gave recommendations, which we took him up on and ordered.  The appetizer was 2 delicious crab cakes (easy to split) with a zesty sauce.  Then my wife and I both ordered a special entree that consisted of tender veal, diced potatoes and crab meat adorned with 2 large pieces of asparagus and a sauce that was sweet, but not too sweet.  It was superb to say the least.  Finally, we chose the creme brûlée for dessert, and it was the perfect finale to our meal.  All in all, it was a great dining experience, and I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a nice little spot to eat in downtown New Orleans.
P.S. We both had 2 mixed drinks that were nice and stiff, so they don't skimp on the booze either!Great atmosphere, service, and food. The flavors in the turtle soup and crawfish crepe tasted unique and superb.
Our server Ken was a kind fellow who was nice enough to show us around the amazing restaurant. They have a backroom for parties that would be great for balls or  wedding receptions.We really enjoyed the meal and Helmuth provided excellent service. Nice wine selection, good food, great service. Price is reasonable, especially given portion sizes.When I came in I was seated right on the spot. Right away I noticed all the beautiful art all around me. I was just amused looking at all the art. I was sat by the server in the middle of the restaurant. I took a lock at the menu too see all these fascination chooses. I got the steak but I don't like steak I told myself but got it anyway. The food for my group of four took 10-13 min. That is amazing for the restaurant being half way full. I went to the men's bathroom to see a very fascinating painting hanging in there. It was of lots of hunting dogs and a man on a horse. I was so fascinated by it that I spent more than five minutes starring at it. And the restaurant and bathroom were very clean. The prices of the food made up for the AMZING taste.                                                                                     The staff were VERY VERY NICE. They were very polite to me and my family. Even nicer than most restaurants. Next I had the desert. I had the white chocolate pudding. I fell in love with it with my first bite. I would come here just for the deserts. My mom said that here drink was very good and she dose not like to drink. We got are bill in a speedy time to and the place was packed by then. I would recommend this place to all of my friends but I came here on vacation. I live 18 hrs away so I probably will not be coming here for a long time but if I lived like 2hrs away from here then I would come here every chance I got. If you are reading this and you live near this restaurant or are looking for a very nice place too eat then eat here you will not be disappointed! Bring the whole family they will love it! I give this place 5 out of 5! AmazingWe had a party of five and everything we ordered was fantastic.  Even the  drinks we had at the bar were good.  We started with appetizer with oysters and pork belly that may have been one of the best oyster dishes i have ever had.  Just like Tommy's cuisine, it may not be the must upscale restaurant in the city, but the food and service is always incredible.I used a groupon for dinner for 2 people on a Tuesday night. The restaurant is fairly nice so we dressed up - wouldn't recommend sneakers and shorts. The service was very good all night. 
Now the food: EVERYTHING was delicious. We ordered the crawfish popovers for an appetizer: it tasted like a delicious pastry with a faint hint of maple syrup. Sounds crazy but tasted Devine. Entrees: I had the Cornish hen stuffed with rosemary and garlic with red lentils -- I was beyond satisfied with the moist meat and tender lentils. My friend ordered the carpetbagger: filet mignon (ordered it medium rare and it was almost perfect (a little rarer than she expected but still delicious)), fried oysters and potatoes served on string beans. She is well versed in good steaks and spoke highly of the her dinner. For dessert we had the white chocolate mouse -- delectable!! In addition the waiter brought each of us a sample of the soup of the day: cauliflower and saffron - a bowl of that alone would have been a great meal! The saffron really made it a unique dish. We also ordered wine from their extensive list. My Argentinean red selection was perfect with my dinner and a good portion too!!
This place has instantly become one of my favorites. I am excited to go back although I'm not looking forward to playing regular prices (app: $11, entrees: $32 & $36, dessert $10, wine $8.5/glass). I would definitely recommend this place as a classy date night or if you want to have a delicious dinner with friends.I've been talking up Tomas Bistro seemingly since it opened. Now to put the money where my mouth is... uh, ie, a Yelp review. 
I'll be honest and say that the French cuisine is something I typically stay away from (and hello, French fries, that undeniably delicious vegetarian staple, are of course, Belgian). Simply put, it's traditionally the least vegetarian-friendly food out there. Quelle horreur! Let's just say if I have to face a pedestrian plate of plain grilled vegetables again, I will... write a negative Yelp review. 
But hey, I only blame myself when I don't do a little research and/or ask for what I want. I have this thing where I'll say to the waiter, "I really don't care, just surprise me." In the best of times, I've received something involving the best of seasonal offerings, artfully executed and mind-blowing, perhaps. Don't we all want that? The worst of times, it's been the aforementioned grilled vegetables (hello, 1990s wedding calling, they want their entree back). Christ, I'll even eat the ubiquitous butternut squash ravioli that another vegetarian Yelper has devoted a whole diatribe against (it's hilarious. I'll try and find it for you if you ask). 
Tomas Bistro clearly shines when it comes to dishes involving our furry and finned and feathered friends. Anyone that I've dined with here was extremely impressed with what they ordered, I can you that much. And an almost 5 star rating on Yelp... well those stars don't lie in this town, especially. Well, usually. I won't name names.
See, most of my friends and loved ones are meat eaters. I don't mind this. I eat out a lot and I feel I would be pretty limited if I stuck only to vegetarian restaurants.
Enter Tomas and Chef Guy. Months ago when I first dined here and described my dietary restrictions, I was not met with a hint of disgust, but an attitude of, "of course we can accommodate you." The menu changes here and there, but one thing that stays consistent is that tomato/avocado salad with a bit of goat cheese and some kind of dressing that has me wanting to give birth to a child in it and believe you me, childbirth is not something I ever really wish to contemplate, so there you have it. Yeah, it's good. Most recently, I had a pasta dish with artichokes, tomatoes and a hint of cream. What made the dish less of a simple carb blow-out, is that the pasta is buckwheat, so al dente, my teeth trembled in anticipation of the next bite.
OH!! Gluten-free folks (Marisa B, I'm looking at you in a couple weeks): they have an entire menu devoted to you. 
In short, you can't go wrong here. The dining room is spacious and surrounded by windows, yet it feels intimate. There is a back dining room that seems to be perfect for an elegant affair. The side patio is idyllic. Service is genuine, attentive without being stuffy and forced. The waiter we had back in January was so full of information about food, I wonder if he left to pursue a career as a real food writer (read: not yelp reviewer, hello) or perhaps he was better suited to being a sommelier. Or tour guide. Or genius. 
I almost feel embarrassed now to talk or write about the food because my creative writing is limited to descriptions involving neurosis, pain and suffering. Not food. As you can see from this review.
In short, Tomas is at the top of my dining list in New Orleans these days. Check them out and count on this being the case for you, too.We ate here on Christmas Eve, having arrived an hour before the restaurant officially opens. They welcomed us, and we were served by one of the nicest gentlemen, Neel. The food was beyond exceptional from the goat cheese and crawfish crepes to the bread pudding. Easily one of the best meals we have had over our extended travels. We highly recommend this bistro to everyone.Used my groupon here this weekend and was pleasantly surprised. The food was excellent. I had the lamb and my husband had the beef roulettes. Both were excellent. The service was good, if not over-attentive. The ambiance is nice, though the overly large space makes the place seem empty. This groupon was a great deal!
My only negative is that without the groupon, this place would have been overpriced for what it is. Prices are on a par with places like Patios and Lilette, though I don't think the food is quite at that quality.Tomas Bistro is hit or miss. My family has patronized this restaurant twice now. Our first visit back in May for my mother's birthday was amazing; all of the entrees were delicious and service was superb. Based on that experience, we decided to dine here again tonight for Fathers' Day. First up, we ordered a variety of soups, salads, and starters. The salad I had was decent, but very basic: tomatoes, olives, cheese, basil, and A LOT of olive oil. The lobster coctail tasted like chicken salad. Worst of all, however,  the roux for the turtle soup was burnt. For the prices that they command here, the chef should never had sent out that soup. S/he should have known that it would get sent back. On top of the poor quality of the soup, the waitstaff (though luckily not our waiter) proceeded to talk about our table near the bar gesturing towards the table. My family spent over $600 there tonight including a $100 tip. Such behavior is simply unacceptable in a fine dining establishment. Anyway, as far as entrees are concerned, my venison was delicious, but once again very basic. My wife's rabbit had a tasty sauce, however the meat was a bit tough. My cousin ordered a seafood dish that was simply bland and she sent it back. The only stellar dish tonight was the lamb, which my grandfather enjoyed. I am giving Tomas Bistro two stars (and not one) for three reasons: 1) my grandfather enjoyed his lamb 2) the atmosphere is nice, and 3) our waiter tried his best to make up for the kitchen problems by comping desserts and being attentive to the complaints. Despite this, I can't imagine we will be back anytime soon with so many good restaurants in New Orleans that deserve $30+ for an entree.Ambiance is lovely. Some thought too dark but I like dark restaurants on date night. We had the sweetbreads and they were very good. Then I ordered the lamb which was delicious. Very gamy. Husband ordered the venison since he had never had any. It was good but nothing impressive. We had a good experience. The service was phenomenal. We will probably not be back but it was very delicious.Good: Stripped bass melted in my mouth. The duck was rich and not a bit dry. Goat cheese crepes were simple but delicious.
Bad: Service was a little spotty
Overall a good value with Resturant.com coupon.The food was very tasty. Appetizer crab cake special tasty but for the price expected two not one. Split house salad tasty vinegarette dressing. I had the boullibase excellent  flavor. The wife had fried catfish tasty but the catfish was in a sauce so lost a lot of its breading. The plating should have kept it dry minus one star for that. The white chocolate bread pudding was awesome. The drink specials were done very well also. The service was above and beyond.Such a great atmosphere! A great place for rehearsal dinners and/or weddings, and dinners! My first time here and I love it! Great service and quality!I'm a local, who loves to dine!!  I have to say, boy have I been missing out with this place.  Ken was out waiter, he is wonderful.  Very honest and attentive. They have a great wine list and the service at the bar, is great as well. We had the veal sweetbreads & oysters for appetizers - delicious!!  I had the veal entree for dinner, one of the best veal entrees in the city!! My friend had the rabbit, also very good!  We finished with the amaretto cheesecake.  Service and ambiance make this one of my new favorites in our wonderful city!I made a Yelp account just so I could comment how on point and amazing this restaurant experience was... the setting, food and service were all top notch. 
We found this place through Groupon -- I'm always a little apprehensive about using those because sometimes I've noticed the stink eye that accompanies them. Not here! The famous Joseph, much raved about in Yelp and other reviews, was our server, which really excited me since I had done my research. He did not let us down! He saw the Groupon before I even said anything and explained that he was glad to see Groupon coupons because it means new patrons are finding the restaurant. Joseph was knowledgeable, friendly, attentive and made an already wonderful dining experience one that we will repeat. He even gave us a little tour of the beautiful building housing the restaurant and snuck me (another!) loaf of bread to take home after I destroyed the 2 on the table. 
Food was amazing -- we had crab and brie bisque (delicious and super decadent!), crab au gratin (yummm!), roast rack of lamb (I can't speak on this but boyfriend said they were the best he's ever had), speckled trout special of the night (EXQUISITE!!)  and finished it up with bread pudding (better than Commanders IMO, best I've had in a LONGG time). 
Service staff was also wonderful and super accommodating, even though the restaurant was really busy. 
All and all, a pretty perfect dining experience and one we intend to repeat and with friends. 
P.S. Joseph's the man! Neel's awesome too :DI am a fan of this place...went to celebrate an anniversary.  Most importantly what I was looking for was a romantic quiet setting.  This was definitely the right place.  I booked it last minute.  The waiter was really good at recommending things.  I had the fish...my date had the duck.  Both were really good.  Somewhat pricey for the serving size but very tasty.  We spent about $90 on 2 dishes, 1 appetizer, a glass of wine and a beer.  Overall it was a nice outing.We are on holidays in New Orleans and just found this place through Groupon. We had an amazing experience and really would like to recommend it for other people. The food was so delicious, the service was great and the ambient was very beautiful!I bought the groupon deal so I wasn't expecting much but I was hoping to be amazed.
The only thing I was amazed by was the service and the cheesecake. Every order came out quick, I didn't feel rushed. I think they're just quick with the plate up of the food. 
Let's move on to the real reason for the review.. food
Crawfish and goat cheese crepes. Tasted like crawfish étouffée to me. I didn't like that because I don't like crawfish étouffée. Crawfish didn't taste like it was frozen. Crepes were light, I did get the goat cheese flavor. So that's a plus. But the appetizer was covered in green onions. I like green onions.. But it was to much.
Veal Sweetbreads. Do you know what "sweetbread" is ? I won't ruin it and tell ya. The execution of this dish was a disaster. The flavors didn't match and I would've liked some texture to the dish. Too mushy. I actually used this to spread on the bread they offered me.
Idk what they're calling the special veal dish they offered. But it was veal and crabmeat, with asparagus and what I like to call breakfast potatoes. Sauce was something creamy, buttery, & lemony. The crabmeat was yummy and the veal could've passed for chicken cutlets. The sauce was too sour and I like sour! 
The venison short loin dish was the best offering we choose. Venison was cooked perfectly at medium rare. Tender and not chewy. The complementing asparagus and potato au gratin were good as well. I don't feel like you can really go wrong with potato and veggies! I thoroughly enjoyed this dish because it was sweet and savory.
We finished with the cheesecake and I am regretting that I did not have more bites!My fiancé and I went down to a steamy NOLA for a well deserved getaway. Being from just outside of Chicago, we know where to get great food anytime we want it. I was searching through Groupon to try and find local places to eat that weren't part of the touristy group. After reading the reviews on Yelp, we were totally sold and prepared for a good meal. Wow! It wasn't good, it was great.  The only real "complaint" we have is that once the night's specials were read to us we had far too many delicious options to choose from.  It was almost too much for mere mortals, but we prevailed. She ordered the Veal Oscar and I ordered the veal chop that was on the specials for the night.  Before the main dish we had a deep fried lobster tail appetizer that was clearly the sign of good things to come. For a, well worth it, upcharge on the Groupon we both had a lobster and and brie bisque that was heavenly.  Our mouths were thanking us. My veal chop was perfectly prepared with porcini mushrooms and a potato au gratin thing that was great. Her Veal Oscar cutlets were numerous and dotted with crab meat. fantastic! We both were given expertly prepared asparagus to compliment our meals. This was all great, then it was time to choose a dessert.  We love creme brulee, so we ordered the blueberry brulee. It was a classic mistake.  We are now ruined for creme brulee and perhaps all other desserts, and we almost had a spoon fight right there in the restaurant. Whether or not if you have a Groupon definitely go to Tomas Bistro when you you are in New Orleans, but please make sure you know your relationship is secure before you do.Omg, this place was awesome! The experience was amazing. We had the BBQ oyster appetizer and i had the duck entree and the filet mignon and the creme Brulee for dessert.  The candles and the overall ambiance were so romantic and the waiter was really informative.The dinner was exceptional, and our waiter was highly knowledgeable of the menu. It was a relatively slow night so he took the opportunity to not only make sure that our meal was exceptional, but also took us on a tour of the building to teach us about the beautiful history of the location. I will absolutely eat here again.In NOLA for Jazzfest staying in the Arts District so decided to try it. It was dark & noisy, despite having a separate quieter area they seated our table of 6 in the middle of the crowded area. The service was HORRIBLE! The waitress had no clue, brought wrong drinks,didn't even take our orders or bring water forever. We finally got water by hailing another waiter who poured it into our wine glasses! My husband asked for Canadian & waitress checked & said they didn't have any; when he went up to the bartender later the bartender told him it was Canadian BEER that they didn't have, & was really rude. Finally the maitre'd came over & swapped our water for real glasses but was rude & never said a word, placing his fingers all over the rims. Worst place ever.great ambiance but acoustics could be better.  too much echo.  food was nice, tasty fritters.I purchased a groupon for dinner for 2. What a wonderful surprise! The ambience was perfect New Orleans style. We had the crawfish crepes that were fabulous. I wanted a whole plate full of them! I had the pecan crusted drum which was perfect but the best came last! It was a white chocolate bread pudding coveted with a Markers Mark Carmel sauce! I wanted to lick my plate clean!!!!!we used our groupon for a night on the town.  had the crabmeat au gratin for our appetizer, which is perfect for sharing.  my wife had filet migon and i had the duck, both entress was amazing.  we had a great waiter and got a chance to meet the owner (tommy andrade).  talked to him for about an hour and heard his stories about the restaurant business.  if you get a chance and want to get away from the quarter, this is the place to go.  only 7 blocks from canal street.Sit with Sommer, she's a phenomenal server!  We ordered the crab cake app, the crab and brie bisque, the venison (mid-rare), the snapper topped with crawfish and the Georgia peach cobbler.  Everything was seasoned and cooked to perfection.  We will definitely be back every time we come to NOLA.  A new tradition to add to Cafe Du Monde beignets, and the Central Grocery muffaletta. Yes it's that good!What a fantastic little spot! Fellow Yelper Jeff C. suggested that we try this place and since I had heard a lot of good things about it, I was down.
This cozy little restaurant on Tchoupitoulas is the perfect spot for a date night or a celebration. We made reservations for 8, and although we were a few minutes late, we were seated immediately upon arrival. We were given our menus and we ordered some wine. Looking over the menu, I immediately knew what I wanted. I have been on quite the grits kick lately, so when I saw that they offered catfish and grits, I knew that was the dish for me.
As a starter we decided to get the scallops, which were pan seared with butter, lemon, croutons and capers. I'm normally not a HUGE fan of scallops (it's a texture thing), but I am always willing to try food that I haven't liked before prepared in a different way. My experiment paid off because these scallops were delicious. They were flavorful and I really liked them a lot. The capers and butter created a nice sauce for them and I didn't think about the texture once!
Next came the catfish and grits. Check out my picture- this dish was just beautiful. The catfish was crispy and fried to perfection and the grits were nice and firm and not watery at all. The smoothness of the grits was a perfect compliment to the fish and I was sure to get a little bit of both in every bite. I really can't say enough about this part of the meal and I was beside myself happy.
Finally, we really decided to indulge and we treated ourselves to the chocolate mousse. This delicious concoction of whipped light chocolate came in a small chocolate shell bowl. The mousse was delectable and light and was the perfect conclusion to the meal. I also liked the presentation. I posted a picture- it really is a work of art.
The staff was very attentive the entire time and was quick to refill the wine glasses and clear the plates when necessary. I was really very pleased with the entire experience and I think that Tomas Bistro might be one of my new favorite dinner spots in the city.
I would absolutely go back and I am now hungry for more catfish and grits.I admit it, I had a Groupon, or it wouldn't have been a place we'd normally try. It's more upscale and pricier than we typically like. But it was Valentines Day so we splurged. And I'm glad we did! 
The restaurant has intimate ambiance and is great for date night. The food was wonderful and dessert was the highlight. Please order the white chocolate bread pudding. I'll be dreaming about it for weeks! *drooling
These factors alone would not have us coming back IF not for Neel, the most amazing server ever!! He was so friendly, knowledgeable about New Orleans and even gave us a tour of the restaurant! Actually the entire staff, from the hostess to the bus boys, were incredible!! We will be back based on customer service alone. If you want to really enjoy your experience at Tomas, ask for Neel!The 7 of us arrived for our 6:30pm reservation on Saturday, March 10, 2012 and were seated immediately.  Unfortunately, that is the high point of the evening.  I had purchased a certificate for my brother and sister-in-law for Christmas.  It was a Living Social Deal.  Since I and my fiance were visiting, we decided to all try it together.  
The service was awful, the drinks mediocre and entrees were either too salty or bland and under/over cooked depending on which one you had.  It was a complete disappointment and took forever.  
The appetizers and desserts were good, but that was it.  As I read the other reviews, I'm not sure if we just hit a bad night, or our tastes are different.  My brother is a big foody and I know he was as disappointed as I in the service and the food.  
Not sure I'll give it another try.Tomas was a perfect restaurant for our party of 6. The food is delicious, the staff is so kind and attentive, and spends a lot of time describing the menu if needed. The bartender told us an awesome bar to go to for post-dinner drinks and some jazz. Loved it. And the bread pudding was the best we've ever had!It's been nearly 24 hours since my experience at Tomas Bistro and I'm honestly still in a state of euphoria.  I would have to rocket this pleasure palace to the top of my list of "must try" in New Orleans. When choosing a restaurant to celebrate an important milestone birthday, one must choose wisely.  Especially in the New Orleans CBD where there are an abundance of restaurants to pick from.  Not only do you have to think about the food, what type of atmosphere you're looking for, and you've definitely got to consider parking. Tomas Bistro has it all! Amazing food, delightful atmosphere, and valet parking at an unbelievably reasonable price.
My family and I arrived and were told we could choose where we would like to sit, and so we decided to sit near the front door.    Our waiter arrives at the table and being the eccentric person that I can't help being I recognize a face from the past. Just so happens both my brother and I went to high school with this particular waiter, and believe me when I say that was a lifetime ago, but let's not go there.  He was an excellent waiter and took very good care of us throughout our meal. 
And onto the meal.... To begin we were interested in a bottle of white wine, but not sure exactly which to order. The waiter recommended Macon-Villages which is a Chardonnay, and may I say it's excellent! He let us taste the wine before we purchased the bottle which was very helpful.  A few of the notable items we ordered were lobster brie soup, goat cheese stuffed crepes topped with crawfish sauce, duck Julia, and a special entrée of the day which was trout topped with jumbo lump crab meat and paired with purple mashed potatoes and spaghetti squash. One item that really stood out for me was the lobster brie soup. I'm not exaggerating when I say it's a little bowl of pure bliss. It was a special soup for the evening, so they don't always have it. If your there, and it's available, don't pass it up.
In between courses and conversation we asked the hostess about the restaurant and learned it's been open about two years and also learned the same owner also owns two of the restaurants directly across the street. Not too long after we asked the owner happened to walk in, and just so happens we were at "his" table. Apparently he usually comes in to eat and always sits where we happened to be dining. Low and behold he comes to our table! By this point we are already very content and have thoroughly enjoyed our meals. My mom goes on to tell him how much we have enjoyed everything, and we are there celebrating my birthday. With no hesitation he looks at me and asks me if I enjoy champagne. I say "Yes Sir I do". He had glasses of champagne sent over to us and took care to talk to the chef to prepare dessert for all of us to celebrate properly. It was such an unexpected and kind gesture. It really topped off a very memorable evening and a wonderful birthday celebration.My boyfriend and I ate at Tomas Bistro on Friday night. We have been fond admirers of Chef Guy Sockrider's style of cooking since 2006. In a city full of great chefs, he is by far the best.  We are never disappointed and always dismayed at the dishes he creates. From appetizer to dessert is such a lovely tasting experience.  I am embarrassed to say I do not remember the salad dressing on the special hearts of palm salad, it was amazing! We had a bowl of the house made crab and brie bisque that was so creamy and rich. My fresh salmon and the Abita beer battered soft shell crab were the entree specials and they were indeed very special. The sides the Chef puts on the plates bring the whole meal together. The salmon came with perfectly steamed asparagus and Chef's famous mash potatoes made with large pieces of lobster. The fried crab came with spaghetti squash.  See, I knew I would get hungry thinking about this feast. Thanks for totally making a meal so lovely, balanced and tasty.  You know we will be back.Came in here with my wife because we had never noticed it before and it had pretty good reviews. The crab au gratin was amazing. The drinks were fine. However, the management of this place actually interrupted our meal. The waiters were unorganized and pretentious. I had to watch the owner yell at his staff three times on the floor for virtually nothing at all. Honestly, I don't like eating at places where the waitstaff is treated so rudely.Was able to try this place thanks to a sale they had on Groupon. It's a very romantic setting (went here with my mom but next time I hope it's with a date lol). Our waiter was extremely nice and told us about the drink specials that they had going on and explained that he was there to help us with anything we needed. I don't remember what we ordered as an appetizer but it was like an eggroll (which he explained was a potato pastry) and a cut of pork belly on a plate of BBQ sauce. It wasn't what I was expecting but it was savory, mouthwatering! I could have eaten that pork belly all day long lol. My mother ordered Veal Oscar, and I got bouillabaisse. Both dishes were amazing. We then finished up with rum cheesecake for dessert (the rum sauce packed a punch, was surprised and happy with how strong it was). I'm so glad that we were able to experience the culinary excellence that Tomas Bistro is!Our first meal in NOLA and it was truly exceptional and unforgettable. Everything we ordered was DELICIOUS! We started with BBQ oysters and shrimp remoulade, then catfish and grits, bouillabaisse Marseilles, rabbit Creole, and Carpetbagger steak (filet mignon with oysters). OMG, my mouth is watering as I type this review. We finished with bread pudding. I could've eaten here every night we were in NOLA. I would not hesitate to return to Tomas Bistro or recommend it to friends and family.
We were married in Hawaii, but my husband and I saw the Gallery in the  back and thought we should've married here or maybe come back and renew our vows in this gorgeous space. The Gallery has a magical and enchanted feel. We loved the chandeliers with dangling seashells and Edith Piaf softly playing.Based on the reviews I had great expectations, but the pompano was overcooked and the pecan encrusted drum was lacking in flavor.  Service was slow and not polished.  I would recommend going to one of the other great restaurants in a few block radius.My boyfriend and I went last week on a Groupon. I know restaurants dislike Groupons (I did when I was in the industry). They were very welcoming and accommodating despite the Groupon. We really enjoyed the atmosphere! The food and drinks were great. Will definitely be back.Overall great restaurant. Very pretty and quiet inside. Server had no personality that's why I didn't give the full five stars but the bread, venison and flash fried oysters were the stars of our meal. I recommend for a nice quiet place to have dinner!First at back to NOLA we decided to go to Tomas Bistro. The meal was wonderful. My wife and I had the carpet bagger steak. It was done to perfection. I have never had a steak melt in my mouth like this one did. Our dear friends had the rabbit and the lamb. They raved as much as we did. The meal was wonderful and the service was exceptional.Current holder of Larissa's best duck in NOLA award. The Duck Julia at Tomas Bistro reigns victorious, the dish comes with both a generous portion of breast meat and a confit duck leg completed with a rich raspberry sauce. The duck is served with swiss chard and wild rice, which balance out the meat nicely. At Tomas I've also tried the Beef Tournedo , the special dish of the evening, and the goat cheese and crawfish crepes. Both dishes were also amazing. The Beef Tournedo came out the perfect temperature, and I loved the creme sauce that covered the crepes. 
Along with the food, Tomas has a good service team. Both times I've come here the waiter described the dishes well, and answered all questions easily. On my most recent visit to Tomas, the bartender even made me a special mocktail even though there were none on the menu. Looking forward to my next fine dinning experience here, and *maybe* I'll try something other than the duck.The epitome of New Orleans 5 star dining. You get the homey, big easy feel of Nola plus the high quality service and treatment.
I recommend the scallop appetizer. I also recommend requesting Neel. Professional yet down to earth - can't ask for better. The Beau and I were out celebrating our anniversary on a Sunday - reservation is required but most guests typically aren't dressed to the nines - the night was still made special thanks to Neel and staff. 
They encourage you to take a quick tour of the place - it is, after all in the warehouse district.. Definitely considering booking a business dinner in the back room. THANKS TOMAS BISTRO!We went to Tomas at the recommendation of our hotel concierge, and we liked it very much.  For starters I had absinthe shrimp and my partner had veal sweetbreads. We were both tremendously pleased with the taste and presentation.  Because we'd waited too long for the appetizers, the waiter unexpectedly offered us complimentary wine with our main courses.  A lovely gesture, especially considering we hadn't mentioned the wait at all.  For mains we had catfish & grits and bouillabaisse--again both very good indeed!  
Good food, good service, lovely environment--highly recommended.Three ladies had an exceptional evening at Tomas Bistro. From the crab meat au gratin and scallops appetizers to the wonderful desserts (cappuccino cheesecake, creme brule, and bread pudding) - everything was perfect. Love the ambiance as well. Our waiter and the general manager made us feel like royalty. Portions are generous. It was a first for us and will not be the last.Had a lovely dinner here at Tomas Bistro. Bought a Groupon because I love trying new places for cheap and this was definitely worth it.
Located across the street next to Emeril's. Reservations were for 10pm on a Friday night and it wasn't too busy. They close at 11pm. We were seated by James, who was our waiter/manager and he was fantastic! Great customer service all night.
We started off with drinks and appetizers. BF had Old Fashioned Pecan. It was very strong. I'm a wuss when it comes to drinks and this Bourbon drink left a bad after taste in my mouth that alcoholics would love! Lol I'm good! Also ordered an Amaretto Pineapple and that was good. James put a black cherry in the bottom of the drink and it was really good. 
We had the Veal Sweet breads and that was super yummy! I've had Sweetbreads at Patois and I almost put Sweetbreads on my ban list because it wasn't good but at Tomas Bistro, Sweetbreads totally redeemed itself! The sauce was amazing. I would come back here just for this. They also give you warm sesame bread and butter to start you off. 
Turtle Soup was good. They offer you a splash of Brandy to go on top. 
I ordered the Soft Shell Crab with purple potatoes and squash spaghetti and this dish was delectable. I've never had soft shell crab before so it was kind of unusual for me to eat the whole crab but you get kinda used to it. It was nothing like I've ever had before. I'm glad I ordered it.
BF got the Pecan crusted Drum. He said it was good but he expected more of a crunch from the crust. But all in all it was good.
We basically only ate half of our dinner entrée because they give you so much. So we boxed it up and took it to-go.
For dessert we had the strawberry crepe which to me was just okay. Nothing to write home about. You can tell it came from the fridge/freezer. It didn't taste fresh. It was a crepe rolled up with strawberry cream inside drizzled with chocolate. Just okaay. James was nice enough to bring us some chocolate dessert wine that tasted better than the crepes. Awfully nice of him.
James was nice enough to give us a little tour to check out the Event/Reception room. I love the ambience of this restaurant. It made a lovely romantic evening with my gorgeous hot date!I like it, and I'll be back.  I'll just be mindful of what I order because some of the dishes are great and some are average.  We had a Groupon which made the price MUCH easier to swallow - what would have been $111 for 2 people ended up being $77.  To start, the cocktail list has all the NOLA standards - but nothing else - and the wine list is incredibly small but the glass pours cover the main bases and I enjoyed my Pinot Noir and Merlot (my wife wasn't a big fan of the Malbec, which is a big surprise since Malbec is usually one of the "safe" bets on a glass pour list).
In terms of food, the bread that was brought to the table was okay but nothing special, however our appetizer of a crawfish & goat cheese crepe was really a great way to start the meal.  I know it's not crawfish season in July but they were in a nice sauce and it was still very much worth getting.  On to the entrees - my Rabbit Creole was really good, two big pieces of rabbit on the bone with a really outstanding sauce that made the entire dish.  The rabbit was cooked well, the haricot verts were thin, overcooked and unexciting, the spaetzle was pretty bland on its own, but what really brought the dish together was the fantastic sauce which made everything taste great.  Unfortunately, my wife decided on the red snapper special with a beurre blanc sauce which came with THREE little limp snap peas and a small pile of purple mashed potatoes - for $32.  And it was all utterly underseasoned.  The huge piece of fish that dominated the plate was actually cooked well and the beurre blanc was still intact and tasted decent, especially once salt was added to the plate, but this is a dish I could have easily made at home - it would have cost much less than $32 and would have tasted just as good or probably better.
To finish off the meal, we decided on the dessert special of Tarte Tatin.  I have fond memories of this dish being done well when I worked in Montreal but have rarely found anyplace in the U.S. that does an excellent Tarte Tatin.  Unfortunately Tomas Bistro falls into that category as well.  The dish wasn't plated very appealingly and then the first thing you get is large chunks of apple that were completely overcooked and mushy.  The flavor wasn't bad and the pastry seemed okay - plus the whipped cream on the side was only mildly sweet which was a good balance to the sticky sweet Tarte Tartin.  Overall, this dessert just didn't cut it for a "Bistro" though and was a marginal way to end the meal.
For my meal, I would have rounded Tomas Bistro up to 4 stars - unfortunately my wife would have probably rated it 2 or 3 stars so 3 is where we end up.  Unlike many 3 star restaurants however, I see a lot of potential in Tomas Bistro and I do plan to return for dishes like the Duck Julia, Catfish & Grits, Pecan Crusted Drum, and probably the Rabbit Creole again (hey, I grew up in the Midwest so I can survive on meat & potatoes even though the side vegetables were pretty horrible at Tomas Bistro).  Many of the entree prices from $17 to $22 seem reasonable even without a Groupon - just watch out for the $32 fish special that I can virtually guarantee won't be worth it.  Despite the somewhat clunky decor, fine but slightly unpolished service, and occasional mis-steps in the kitchen I suspect this is actually a 4 star restaurant where we just happened to have a 3 star meal.This place is decent, kinda pricey.
Stopped in breifly for a cold beverage.
Not sure I would want to eat here, there are too many other great options.Used a groupon tonight. What a great way to try this restaurant. Food was awesome ,service was great.  Our server Joseph was on top of everything with suggestions. Going to have to find another way to sneak another groupon in.This has to be one of the oddest places we've eaten in a very long time..I'm not even really sure how to review them properly.
We got a Groupon for 88$ which gave us 176$ worth of food- we read some reviews and checked out the menu and looked forward to a nice meal.
We went for my husband's 30th birthday- I called ahead, made the reservation, and told them this. 
When we arrived we were seating by a gentleman..facing a TV so we could watch the Saint's game. This wasn't the type of atmosphere we expected. 
Initially, a woman (who we later found out was the bartender) came to us to tell us the specials.  She then left, and another man (who was bald with glasses) came to the table. We explained we had a Groupon (which I told them when making the reservation). He then went back to to the bartender, and they had a 'private' conversation loud enough for us to hear about the fact we were using a Groupon and that we don't get to order any of the specials and why did she tell us about them. The man and her argued about if for a bit, then he came back to us and told us "You cannot order the specials today because with the Holiday season the price of meat is too high." What!?
We said we needed a minute to look over the menu, and another man (younger, with black hair) comes to the table to take our order. He had NO idea we were using a Groupon, and didn't know what options were could select from based on the Groupon offer. Ok...so we order our meal.
 He then brings us bread. We notice we only have massive steak knives and forks, so we ask the waiter with glasses for a butter knife. He looks at us like we are nuts and says, "We discontinued the bread knives." WHAT!? He told us he could bring us a spoon. A spoon for buttering bread!? I didn't eat the bread anyways because it was beyond stale. 
Our appetizer comes out- brought by ANOTHER man (who was apparently the food runner). This was Shrimp Remoulade $11  with Fresh Louisiana Shrimp, Fried Green Tomatoes, Sauce Remoulade . This thing was THICK and without fried green tomatoes. When we finished the man with glasses asked how it was and we asked, "we're the shrimp supposed to be peeled?" He says, "You don't eat the tails!" Yah, no joke! We showed him that we literally had to peel some of the shrimp- they dumped them in the dish with legs and all, while others were completely peeled. Keep in mind we also had to use our steak knives or this dish! I have never used a steak knife in my life to eat shrimp. The server went to the kitchen, told us that the chef apologizes for the dish and that we would get an additional dessert.
I then ordered a bottle of wine from the younger of the two men. I asked for the wine menu, looked it over, then made the order. This means when the bottle is opened you would pour ME the first pour and place the cork in front of me and the bottle label facing of me. They acted as if my husband had ordered the bottle, gave him the first taste and the cork. Didn't' even acknowledge me. 
For mains we had the Duck Julia $24 Medium-Rare Roasted Breast of Moulard Duck and 
Confit Leg, Traditional Wild Rice, Swiss Chard, Raspberry Fig Sauce and the Venison Short Loin $32 Roasted Loin of Venison, Juniper Berry Marinade, Potatoes Gratinée, Roasted Cipollini, Steamed Asparagus, Cherry Demi-Glace. 
The swiss chard was so salty that it was inedible, and I really like salt. The duck was cooked to perfect- really nicely paired with the raspberry fig sauce. The venison was just ok (overcooked in our opinion) which is a shame since it was my husband's birthday meal. He can't eat cheese and asked to substitute the Potatoes Gratinee with something else- they threw three boiled potatoes on the plate- they looked really out of place. What nice restaurant can't come up with something else to serve besides three sad little boiled potatoes?!  When the server with glasses asked how my meal was, I told him that the duck was cooked amazingly well and to please let the chef know how much I liked it, so he says, "Coo Coo,, so sorry about that, sorry you didn't like it." Umm..?? Ok. 
Dessert was Burgundy Poached Pear $8  Slowly poached with Burgundy and topped with Crème Chantilly and Fresh Raspberries, and Praline cheesecake with Foster sauce. Both we excellent. 
Service was sooooo bad. Why did we have 4 different people serving us, none of who knew what the others were doing? During our entire meal, the staff stood in front of the TV and watched the Saint's game. The servers used slang and had no decorum whatsoever. They acted like we were eating in  a fast food establishment. haha not at the prices on their menu! This is supposed to be fine dining, but apparently not. I was pretty upset that we selected this place as my husband's birthday meal. We left feeling awkward and confused about the meal- really not a pleasant experience. 
Do not come here expecting high class service or heaven forbid a butter knife to use with your bread ;)First meal in New Orleans known for its cuisine. It was awesome. Great service, excellent meal & nice surroundings. Try the lemon basil martini for sure.We bought a Groupon for this place after seeing the positive reviews on Yelp. Reading through some of the reviews we noticed several people mention their wonderful server named Neel. When we went to the restaurant Neel was actually the bartender for the evening so we were able to meet him when he brought our wine over. He was just as warm, friendly, and pleasant as everyone had said. He even offered to show us the rest of the beautifully redone building after we were done with our meal. 
As for dinner we ordered the crawfish & goat cheese crepes for an appetizer, duck julia and the special which was an amazing American red snapper as our entrees, and a chocolate torte for dessert. Everything was really delicious! We really enjoyed the food, atmosphere, and service.Great food an service and friendly staff that made us feel welcomed. My wife and I returned for a second dinner evening with them.  Fabulous!My wife and I were wandering the streets of New Orleans at 9pm, looking for a quiet place to eat.  We passed several bars packed with Mardi Gras revelers having their raucous fun.  Then we came upon Tomas Bistro.  Two bystanders saw us looking in and said, "Go in, that place is wonderful!"  Well, we did, and oh my God, it was just what we needed.  Here is a relaxed sanity.  Here is a comfortable, intelligent place to eat, where the food is honest, good without trying too hard.  No gimmicks, just delicious taste, served in a respectful and professional way.  I had the Carpetbagger Steak-a filet that was a perfect medium rare, as I had ordered, totally consistent in texture.  The meal was replete with wonderful fried oysters, potatoes and green beans.  My wife had the veal, which had a wonderful tangy flavor, reminding us of meals we have enjoyed in Europe.  Our waiter, Garry, took great care of us, and the rest of the staff that we interacted with, made us feel totally welcomed and comfortable. We loved the place and will definitely be back!We had a good (but not great) experience at Tomas for dinner.  We dined there on a Wednesday night and were the only patrons for about an hour.  In such a large open restaurant it just was odd.  Nothing the restaurant could have done but it was still awkward.
We too had the Groupon and found the explanation confusing.  It's essentially $80 off of your bill but they way it was explained sounded like the $80 had to be broken down by appetizer, entree, and dessert.
The restaurant is pretty old school and I guess that means it has to be dark/dimly lit inside.
They had the crab and brie soup as the soup of the day and we both started with that for our appetizer.  It was one of the best soups I've ever had.  Deliciously creamy and succulent.  Yum!  The downside?  A cup of the soup was $14 which we didn't find out until the check came.  Even for awesome soup, that seems a bit out of line.
For my entree I got the rabbit.  For what was described on the menu as a creole mustard chardonnay demi-glace, I though the sauce was really thick.  It was very rich and seemed to over power the rabbit.  The green beans were perfect and buttery.  The spatzel seemed too wet and mushy.  Didn't have much flavor.
We ended with the White Chocolate Bread pudding.  It seemed to be underdone as it wasn't standing up as well as some of the pictures posted here.  Nevertheless, how can you go wrong?  The bourbon sauce was just perfect.
The service was good, but in an empty restaurant, it should be.
I fine experience at Tomas but in a city full of culinary excellence, I would probably go elsewhere next time.My boyfriend and I dined here last week and ordered the lamb and the duck. We were both very impressed with the portions but the flavors, sauces and sides were phenomenal as well. Both dishes were cooked to perfection. My duck confit was my favorite part of the entree. For dessert we had the chocolate torte filled with a raspberry sauce. I was so full at the end of the meal that I had to leave some wine behind in order to enjoy every last morsel of food. Wonderful wonderful wonderful. Great service too. Kind of like a team effort and everyone was very attentive and knowledgeable.Warm bread & soft butter - perfect. Kept hearing about New Orleans duck dishes so had to try for myself. Not disappointed either. Several lone diners in the restaurant with me this evening making me not so self conscious that I was dining alone - part of traveling on business. Would definitely go next time I'm in New Orleans.We had the most wonderful service here last night. The owner poured our wine, the manager brought out the dessert. The servers were professionals of the highest caliber. Our food was wonderful. I'm still thinking about the crab mousse in artichoke cups amuse bouche. And the white chocolate bread pudding with bourbon butterscotch sauce is To. Die. For. Even though this was our first time here, I felt like we were long-time customers being welcomed back, and treated and fed like family.This was by leaps and bounds the best dinner so far in NOLA.  Our party had the lamb chops, which were out of this world, the bouillebasse which was spectacular and catfish and grits.  A dense chocolate cake topped off the night and it was equally great.  Service from Ken was perfect and when we needed a cab, they walked out onto the street and flagged one.  Amazing job.  This is a "must go" when in NOLA!We were a little early for dinner so just had appetizers and drinks. We had the special app of the night which was a crab cake on corn relish. It was wonderful. Also tried the scallops .. amazing. A local on the street suggested this place and he was so right.. great meal.I cant believe its not 5+ stars. I am a big fan of Tommy"s And Irene"s and I feel I have been to most of the best Nola restaurants but I chose Tomas bistro because of a Groupon. I dont know how they slipped under my radar but I was completely overwhelmed. The scallops , the grouper and the cheesecake was  outstanding and thats for New Orleans local Standards. My server Garry was wonderful and I cant wait to find an excuse to come back.We live in New Orleans so we're used to great food.   I must say that this restaurant is now one of my favorites.  The food is amazing and the service was great. Our waiter,Ken, gave us great recommendations and we were not disappointed. The crab au gratin was delicious as was the fish and steak. We will definitely return to this great restaurant. My compliments to the chef!The entire experience was simply amazing. Veal sweetbreads are a must try... The sauce itself was delicious. The duck entree is also worthy of seconds. 
The staff very courteous and made our experience pleasant. 
The building itself is full of history
Definitely a place I would visit againI've been following yelp reviews for years, but Tomas bistro was the place that finally made my tummy so happy, I wanted to yelp about it. One of the few restaurants i've encountered that deserve 5 stars of perfection. The only other restaurant that has been better is Commander's Palace. 
But I digress: back to Tomas Bistro. Excellent atmosphere, super attentive waiters (Esp John- wonderful job! Best service I've gotten.), & a menu to die for. The Creole rabbit was spectacular & I got this huge bowl of delicious seafood that didn't skimp on the seafood or flavor (sorry, forgot what it was called cuz it was in French). But the outstanding part of the menu, was the dessert. Oh yes, I have a massive sweet tooth & this place does not disappoint. Some background: I don't like super-sweet desserts, just ones with balanced & complex flavors. The winner: the burgundy wine poached pear- soooo delish yet so under-rated! Pleas order it- I would go back just for that. Runner-up: bread pudding. Yes, every restaurant does it differently, but always very poorly. Common mistakes: soggy, overly sweet, tastes like they drowned it in condensed milk, crappy bread & cheap caramel. Not the bread pudding @ Tomas bistro tho! They did it perfectly; bread was high-quality, firm & crunchy on the outside, not overly sweet but w/a nice cinnamon-y flavor, topped off with the most spectacular caramel sauce I have ever tasted. The caramel was not too sweet, thick, smooth, with a hint of whiskey that accented the sweetness perfectly. YUM. Finally, the almond cheesecake. Yeah, cheesecake is usually delish by itself. But the almond flavor & slices of almond make the go-to staple dessert somewhat special. 
This place is wonderful. In the sea of spectacular restaurants in NOLa, this place is a gem. You won't be disappointed.Wonderful & beautiful place! Had my birthday dinner here with three friends. Our waiter was the BEST! Very attentive & pleasant. I ordered the grilled lamb chops & creme brûlée.. The BEST! Flavorful & just perfect. After our dinner he took us on a tour of the restaurant and the  building is very nice. Enjoyed my dinner, wine & atmosphere.Came here for Valentine's Day and had the perfect evening! The lighting and small size lend an intimate, romantic feel and the food definitely impressed. 
For appetizers we ordered the crab au gratin and the lobster cocktail; both were rich and satisfying. For our entree both my boyfriend and I opted for the rack of lamb, which came with yukon gold mashed potatoes. Order the lamb medium rare and it will melt in your mouth. The portion was also large enough to hush my growling tummy. We also split a bottle of Malbec ( the only one featured on the list, I think) and it complemented our meal very well. We skipped dessert so I can't comment on those, but the descriptions were pretty enticing, especially for the white chocolate bread pudding.
  Our server, Ken, was professional, friendly, and just attentive enough. I recommend this restaurant to everyone, but it does feel like the perfect place to take a date. It definitely won me over :-)Tomas Bistro was lovely. It's a really nice dining atmosphere with a nice menu. 
I started with the crawfish bisque, which was delightful. It was a lot meatier than most bisques I've had, and I enjoyed that immensely. I followed that up with Pecan Crusted Drum. This place does fish really, really well. I also got to taste a co-diner's rabbit. That was unbelievable. Seriously amazing. Everyone else in my party was thrilled with their food and left the restaurant happy. 
Our waiter, Ken, had lots of information about the menu and sold several in my party on various specials. 
I highly recommend Tomas Bistro!The perfect venue for a romantic getaway in the Big Easy! The atmosphere is superb and only beat by the overly caring staff. Our beyond-exceptional  server, Kim, helped us identify the best items for our tastes and made our 7th wedding anniversary dinner a night to remember. We can't wait to go back!Let me start off by giving my review in 3 words. It's all you really need to know. 'This place sucks!!!!'     
We too had the groupon deal for 4.  We, like others had 'Ken' who recommended the 'best in New Orleans veal oscar'.   We started with the shrimp and fried green tomatoes.   'Blah'.   Then we had the fried oysters which were ok, with a decent sauce that saved them.  Out of our group the best meal was the fried catfish with grits. The veal oscar was absolutely terrible!!!!   Three pounded breaded flat dry pieces of veal, small pieces of vegetables, and not a piece of crab to be found anywhere!    This was the same on three separate orders!    It was the worst 'cafeteria' food possible. I could go on but it's making me relieve the whole unpleasant experience all over.  With so many other great places to eat do yourself a favor and recommend this place to somebody you don't like!!!
If I could give this place minus stars I would!All the food was OK. It all seemed pre-prepared with the exception of the venison  which  was tender, not overcooked.
The Veal Oscar was like rubber however.
The waiter- Giovanni, was nice, however he was rushing us like none other- attempting to take our plates from us when food was still on the plate and on the fork .. we were not sure if he was trying to get out of there, as in, wanting to go home to watch the game.
We purchased the groupon and after one additional glass of wine (which was $6) they put on another $8 tax on that.
It was a fun romantic quiet  atmosphere, and again, the waiter was nice, but too "rush-y". 
All in all, I guess I would opt out next time.Nice waiters - appetizer was great - my veal was bland and beige not appealing to the eye - but when asked the staff said that it was cooked properly ----they can't cook a steak to medium - sent it back twice - still a rare steak came out of the kitchen on a slow Sunday night - cheese cake dessert was awesome -I have never had a restaurant event that was as successful as my son's rehearsal dinner at Tomas Bistro.  It was PERFECT! We were so well taken care of by Emily Radosta, David and their team.  What a phenomenal staff!  I cannot rave enough over how well they took care of all of the guests. The service was impeccable. To top it off the food was delicious. I had so many guests come up to me and say, "Traditionally wedding event food is good, but never unforgettable. This dinner was FANTASTIC and we will never forget it".  Our main dish was the Gulf Fish Meuniere and Petite Filet Mignon, preceded by Chicken and Andouille Gumbo and a house salad. The White Chocolate Bread pudding for dessert was divine. 
I can't express how fortunate I was to have found Tomas Bistro.  I looked at Galatoire's, Antoine's, Broussard's, Commander's Palace, Antoine's etc.  but Tomas Bistro, in my opinion, offered a more contemporary version of the New Orleans fare and the environment was a good combination of elegant, romantic and inviting.  The entire experience was superb.   How many people can say their event was FLAWLESS. Well, I can, thanks to Tomas Bistro.My husband & I used a Groupon (appetizer, 2 entres, dessert) and were pleased with our meals. We started with the crawfish and goat cheese crepes which were creamy and delicious, and the salad of the day, field greens with pecans, blue cheese, and a champagne vinaigrette. For dinner, we each had a special not on the regular menu. I had a rabbit cassoulet with rabbit, sausage, and some kind of pork over white beans and potatoes. The beans were tender and well-seasoned. The rabbit was very moist. The sausage was good, too, but I did not care for the pork--it was fatty.  My husband had a veal dish of lightly breaded and pan fried veal with a side of asparagus. He enjoyed everything on his plate. For dessert we shared the praline cheesecake. It was delightful--fluffy and light, not dense and heavy, and covered with lots of pecans and caramel sauce. The ambiance of the restaurant was nice--airy and bright, not too crowded or noisy. Our server was pleasant but rather quiet and did not check on us very often. We were not offered coffee with dessert. Overall, the meal and service were good and I would eat at Tomas Bistro again in the future.I was here last night for a friend's wedding. Gorgeous venue. Food and drinks were top notch and the staff was very attentive. Will definitely consider this venue for a large event in the future.Excellant atmosphere, excellant service, food had great flavor, only issue too much salt on all the food. We had a wonderful time loved the frank sanatra style music, low lights & candle lights. Would def recommended :-)I really loved this place - the food and wine were delicious (I had the grouper special and my husband had the carpetbagger steak--both were done to perfection), the service was excellent (Sommer is great!), and the building is beautiful. Even the music was so very pleasant! I definitely recommend it.I recently got married at Tomas Bistro and I cannot express how happy I am/was with the entire experience. 
The staff of Tomas is absolutely wonderful and I never once felt like I was not being taken care of. When we came for a dinner with my in-laws and my parents months before the wedding, they treated our table with such care and consideration that we left feelings like kings and queens. Never mind that the food was absolutely outstanding. Everyone at the table got something different and we all raved about how great the food was for the rest of the night. 
For the wedding, I am still getting compliments on how wonderful everything was (but I keep hearing that the shrimp and grits were a favorite among everyone). And, again, the staff went above and beyond to make sure we were catered to the entire night. No one was ever left without a beverage in hand and tables were cleaned in a prompt manner after guests were done eating. The romantic lighting and unique setting of The Gallery at Tomas really added on to making that night really great for us and our guests. 
I would recommend Tomas to anyone looking for a great meal or a wonderful event space.Remember when you were a kid & your grandparents took you to the same restaurant summer after summer. That same restaurant that felt cold (metaphorically) & that it had seen the same design & menu for 20+ years. Tomas is that kind of place.
While all the food I had was actually pretty solid the service & the ambiance are so stiff & dated that despite eating well I left feeling that much closer to Matlock & diminishing social security benefits.
It's oddly quiet, the "warmth" bestowed by service feels like a repetitive speech--which judging by other Yelp comments it completely is. Just feels like a country-club environment where new visitors are given a bit of stink-eye. Get G. Ramsey/Kitchen Nightmares in there.
Sorry to bag but in NOLA, such a lively & friendly city with so much amazing food to be had, I just need some more spunk, ambiance and evolvement with the times.I relied on the reviews of others in selecting this restaurant, so I feel obliged to add my two cents.  The appetizer was wonderfully presented and delicious.  My entree was buttery and rich and filled with flavor.  Unusual for us, we even ordered dessert and it was superb, too.  It's an intimate and well-appointed dining room with an attentive staff.
Additionally, our server, Joseph, was charming, efficient and helpful.  The entire experience makes me want to visit NOLA again just to dine at Tomas Bistro.I was assaulted during their White Linen Night event. When my group notified the bouncer "Mike" he said there was nothing he could do as he wasn't official security. He did not ask the offending party to leave, so I was forced to have NOPD intervene. Tomas Bisto's management was extremely negligent in not staffing proper security.Had an awesome dinner here! Service was outstanding! Giovanni took great care of us! I'm going to be here a week and I may stop in again before I leave!Me and my husband went last night...we both thought the food was very bland.  Our waiter was not very friendly and the food is over priced.After all of the great reviews on Yelp for this place, it seemed like a no-brainer to pop in for a light dinner on our last night in town. I really wish we hadn't. 
I'm giving two stars instead of one because the crawfish and goat cheese crepes were good, the gumbo was ok and the hostess was very nice. 
As we were seated, we overheard one of the waiters talking rudely about a family with small children that was seated at another table. If we could hear them from our table, there is no way that the parents at that table didn't hear the rude remarks. That put a bad taste in my mouth from the start. 
When my salad arrived, there were large chunks of minced raw garlic on the tomatoes and the avocado was under-ripe. I love garlic as much as (if not more than) the next person, but this was so overpowering that it stung my mouth  when I took a bite. 
The other dishes we had were ok, the best being the crepes I mentioned above, but I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to go there just for that. I'd give this place a miss unless there is absolutely nowhere else in town that can squeeze you in.I had high hopes but pass on this place, even with the Groupon! Not worth even half the cost. Meats were prepared nicely but that is all I can say about the food. Most dishes were over salted, and that's saying a lot from someone who has a heavy hand with salting. Scallops were wonderful temperature but completely obscured by a tasteless sauce, burnt croutons, and a capers accompaniment that was too salty. We got the duck and the rabbit. Duck breast was cooked to a perfect medium rare but the confit leg was so stringy. Rabbit was tasty. Both came with sides that looked like a blob and painfully salty. The wild rice was totally inedible, undercooked and tasted like I was chewing salt grains. Dessert was bread pudding. Not bad, boring texture but makers mark caramel was tasty. Wait staff not very knowledgeable, gave it 2 stars because ambience was niceHad a fabulous dinner tonight. Got the groupon for two and we shared the deep sea scallops appetizer which was my favorite part of the meal, soon good! I got a steak which was great but under cooked. I told the waiter who was apologetic and took it back to get cooked more. My friend got the special which was a trout fish with crabmeat and shrimp. Our waiter did everything he could to make up for the mistake even when I had a carefree attitude about the mistake; we got free glasses of wine which definitely made up for it. We were advised on the bread pudding for dessert. I'm not the biggest fan of bread pudding but took the waiters word and it was amazing, one of the best I've ever had. After he took us for a tour of the place. The place is a hidden gem, there's a great party room and courtyard and tons of seating. It's in an old warehouse and has been renovated immaculately. I look forward to my next visitThe food and service were excellent.  My girlfriend and I have a Groupon which was still around $80.  We stayed within the bounds of the Groupon but still ended up having a much higher bill than expected.  I realize this isn't necessarily the kind of place you go to save money.  But...
The filet was perfectly cooked and although simple in the preparation, was fantastic.  I feel a bit like we were cheated on our bill.  It seemed that our drinks for double charged.  I really couldn't say if it was an accident or if it was to make up for the reduced price of the Groupon.  I left aggravated and if it weren't for the billing experience I would have added another star.Steamy night in New Orleans and walked over to Tomas Bistro from Canal the night after White Linen.  Has a certificate in hand from Restaurant.com and had confirmed the hours on web site before heading out...I had not counted on Summer hours..Sunday night only open until 8..it was 817..crap...Matr'de sees wife and I standing outside flummoxed and pulls us inside..oh dont worry about the summer hours come in have a glass of champagne and stay for dinner..well if you insist!
We turned ourselves over to out waiter, who with 25 years in the industry was informative and fun,  the entire staff was very to talk too and by coming in later we were the "center of attention".  Started with broiled sea scallops, delicious flavor (I am sure no butter was harmed during the prep ;P) and the aforementioned glass of champagne.  Split a heirloom tomato and arugula salad with a glass of pinot noir and then the wife and my paths diverged.  
Wife when redfish with a spicy rub while i went line caught seabass with a black bean, ginger and saki side (this was incredibly good!!).  Desert was a glass of port/glass of scotch and a flourless tort.
A great dinner, fantastic service and price point was very reasonable.Stumbled into Tomas when all the other places along Tchoupitoulas had long wait times. Was quite impressed. The quality of the food was excellent, the service attentive. Recommend.Truly a hidden gem in New Orleans.
While the Groupon we purchased brought this establishment to our attention,
the menu captivated us from the minute we sat down.
The service, was impeccable, and very attentive.
For an appetizer, we ad the frogs legs, which were a culinary masterpiece.
And while I was certain I would have the lamb, the waiter was very excited about the
Rock Bass, which was out of this world.
My wife had the Venison, and that too, was sublime in its taste and quality.
And while I cannot rave enough about the food, the service was the main reason we will go there again and again.
Chris, our server, was friendly, attentive, and made the meal a delight.
Whether you are a local, or visiting from out of town, make a point of eating here.
The food, the service, the atmosphere, all better than most.
A true hidden gem, and everything I think a New Orleans dining experience 
should be.
                                                        Truely, truely, pleased,
                                                                                  Big Easy DaddyI was pretty excited to try this place after reading all of the positive reviews on Yelp.  Ky and I decided to give it a try on Bastille Day so that we could get all francophile an shit.  I was super excited to have the sweetbreads appetizer after my experience with the pancreas at Bayona, and I was only mildly disappointed. 
Despite being mostly French myself and being a famous fans of all things saucy, I forgot how much the French LOVE their sauces, which I quickly remembered with the sweetbread appetizer.  Although it was super yummy, I was not quite sure that the brown gravy business they had going on on those innards was quite right.  We also tried the crawfish and goat cheese crepes, which proved to be the highlight of the evening - unfortunate only because anyone at home can make anything with goat cheese and it's going to be damn delicious. I don't think that culinary prowess is established by tossing up something that is inherently delicious like goat cheese, any sort of cheese, really, butter, ranch dressing, etc. etc.  Anyway, get those because they're probably the best thing on the menu. 
For entrees, I had the Lapin (RABBIT RABBIT), which was really yummy but, again, I think that it was really only yummy due to the creole mustard sauce that the stuff was swimming in.  The spatzel was a bland waste of fat and carbs (without the mustard that is), but the green beans were good, if greasy.  
Ky got the bouillabaisse.  I don't know what the deal is with bouillabaisse: I've only ever had it a few times, and it's always fishy as f*ck.  Maybe that sounds ignorant, given that the stuff IS fish stew, but fish can be overly fishy/gamey, yes?  Anyway, my less than stellar review is pretty much based on Ky's bouillabaisse.  It was gross.  The anise flavor was totally out of control, which seemed like a vain attempt to de-funk the fishy funk. That said, it somehow got less nasty as he slopped his way toward the bottom of the bowl (good midwestern boys eat stuff even if they think it's gross - it's the farming roots), but that could have been due to the death of his taste buds with every slurp.  Who knows.
In a nutshell: Thomas is a good place to stop in for a glass of wine and some other sauces.  The atmosphere is wonderful.  The wait staff is touch and go.  The fish soup is sort of nasty, but the goat cheese crepes are yum (duh).  I saw a few other plates that looked really good, like the venison and the beef tournedos, but the rabbit was maybe just a 7 of 10.  I would probably try it again, although it would be rather an  expensive gamble.I do not have the time nor the space to say all of the good things that I want to about Tomas. A gem, thanks to Groupon that we were able to visit. The service was absolutely amazing. Our waiter was professional, friendly and most of all knowledgeable. The atmosphere was warm and romantic. 
The food was exceptional, in presentation and taste. The mussels were tender and juicy. The Gumbo Yaya had me wanting more. The lamb that I had practically melted in my mouth. It was hard to choose a desert, but we went with the creme brulee filled cannoli and did not regret it.
All in all, Tomas Bistro is now in our top 5 places to eat in the city. Can't wait to go back.
Incidentally, we were not looked down upon or treated differently because of the Groupon. We had no issues whatsoever.We made reservations with Tomas Bistro for our last night in New Orleans, and it was the highlight of the trip.  The food and drinks were superb -- from the pecan-infused Old Fashioned, the crab au gratin, the gumbo, and the pecan-crusted drum to the white chocolate bread putting, everything we had was a delight.  It's a charming, old world-style place in a beautifully restored historic space in the Warehouse District.  We really appreciated the more intimate atmosphere compared to many of the other restaurants in town.  The service was attentive and impeccable.  After our meal, we were given a tour of the ballroom-like event space in the rear of the building, which uses the original architectural features of the building to great effect.  All told, it made for a perfect evening, and we look forward to returning on our next trip to New Orleans.This place is off the russel & Bussell of bourbon, near the convention center. It's more of a romantic place than anything. The lighting is low amd its small. There were four people waiting on us, which was strange. The food was okay. Not fantastic in my opinion. The portions were on the larger side which was good for a more upscale restaurant. I only had a diet coke so I cant speak for their liquor. Overall it Was okay but Cochon and others are far better for the price.First of all...service was excellent. Granted, we were the first diners on a Sunday evening but yea...Kim was an excellent server. She's an honest server so she recommended things that were popular and that she knew were good.
Bread...yum!
Coconut shrimp, fantastic!
Lump crab au gratin, meh.
Salad au midi was great.
Wine selection was great also. 
I would definitely come back and try entrees whenever I'm in the NOLA area.Let me begin by saying, this is by far my favorite place to eat! Ambiance, wait staff, maitre d and food surpass many "fine dining" establishments I've frequented. The wine selection and presentation are impeccable! Please consider "Joseph's" suggestions for wine and food as he has some magical talents that are perfected in this area! This was our second visit there and I promise it won't be our last! If your fortunenate enough to snag a groupon you'll want to as its a total STEAL!!!What a great place for a nice date night. My wife found this place on groupon and recommend the deal of you can find it. We started off with champagne cocktails with auger cubes. Tasty and a great starter. Our appetizer was perfect, and delicious. I had the rabbit and my wife had the steak. Both  were amazing. We finished the night off chocolate cake. Our meal was complimented with an excellent French wine.