I love this Italian Pie! The wings are always on point!  The pizza is actually really tasty. My only complaint is that when ordering to go they have forgotten my drinks every single time!  Other than that they are super good and in an area with 4 other pizza spots within a 2 block radius that says a lot!This is the worst muffaletta I've ever eaten I wouldn't even call it a muffaletta I wouldn't even call it a sandwich $12.32 for one slice of hamI work in the quarter-6 blocks from this establishment and it takes well over an hour (still waiting actually) for them to deliver food.  we called to see where our order was.  the person on the phone said the delivery people were out and hung up on us.  the food is great, the customer service sucks and i don't think i'll be ordering again.  where is this delivery person? out having a drink?  it's now been an hour and a half and no sight of our food.The best pizza that I had while in New Orelans.   Customer service is always great, even when the place is packed.HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. My suggestion is to better spend your time and money at Theo's, Magazine Pizza, Reginelli's...really, anywhere else, even if they do not have delivery convenience because Italian Pie may not end up delivering anyway.
I called to order for delivery on a Wednesday night. I was told the wait would be 45 minutes to 1 hour. I was fine with that.
When an hour and 15 minutes rolled by, I started trying to call, and at least five times, no one answered the phone. An hour and a half after I originally called and ordered, the delivery man called and said that my pizza was cold. I could either cancel my order, or he could get it to me in 20 minutes. I said, ok, you will be here with my new hot pizza in twenty minutes. He responded, oh no, that is how long it will take the pizza to cook. I asked, so really you mean you will be here in about 45 minutes from now, which is 2 hours and 15 minutes after I orginally ordered? He said, uh, I guess so. At that point, I canceled my order and asked for the manager to call me back and confirm that the charge placed on my credit card was canceled.
Another twenty minutes goes by and I began calling again because I wanted to make sure they did not forget to cancel my charge. The manager was finally put on the phone. I asked if they every gave discounts on pizza when they were more than an hour late from their original delivery timeframe, but he said he could not discount. I have worked as several restaurants and have never heard of a manager not being able to discount for customer dissatisfaction.
Again, I reiterated that I would like to cancel my order and would like confirmation that the charge was taken off my credit card. The manager said he could not do this. I asked who could, and the owner was the response I received. I asked to speak with the owner but was told they were not going to be in until later. At this point, I was very frustrated; there was no one in the restaurant that could actually rectify a patron issue. I asked if the owner could call me once my credit card charge was removed, and the manager said yes, but he was about to hang up. I reminded him that he actually needed my phone number to call me back.
Needless to say, I never received any call back. At no point during any of these conversations did anyone take any responsibility, and they both neglected to say sorry at any point. The charge did end up coming off, but I will never order from Italian Pie again.One of those "don't judge a book by its cover".  Great tasting pasta and pizza for a very affordable price. Counter service with no wine. Only beer.
Ceasar salad could be tossed before serving it.
Yes they can do a bit more clean up around.Worst pizza we have ever had. Rude guy took our order and we have had much better frozen pizza from Walmart. The pizza was cold in the center....The Menu has one price and the owner of the establishment sets another when you order.  The calzone online states 8.95 and the store wants to charge 10.95 and the cheesecake online states 2.95 and they want to charge 3.50.  
They stated that they are not part of the franchise for Italian pie even though they are listed online as one of the franchises.
I paid more for dinner today at magazine pizza bc they are honest with their customers! 
Would boycott this place bc of dishonesty!Tasteless pizza.  Void of sauce and incapable of disrupting my hunger.  Uncooked mozzarella sticks.  So disappointed because I didn't plan on leaving my hotel room for a while today but I've got replace the taste in my mouth.Thank goodness the food saved the experience because the service was horrible. Spent $60 bucks for a waiter who looked like he was repelled by us. Love the metry Kenner locations. Won't be going to the N Rampart locatioThey rang up and gave me the wrong order and when i called to get what i CLEARLY order whoever the asian lady is there running her mouth like it was my fault and wanting to charge me because they messed my order up and thats sad because i liked going to Italian pie. Fuck this location!!This place doesn't even deserve 1 star! These people are crooks. When trying to order a delivery their prices were way higher than there menu and they told us they weren't a part of the franchise which is a lie! Do not go here or order delivery, your getting taken advantage of! Not a way to run a businessNaturally there are higher-rated gourmet pizza joints, but Italian Pie has a special taste that reminds me of my favorite pizza in the country-- Ecco's Pizza in Long Beach, CA. However, be careful: the Italian Pie downtown on Rampart is much different from the one located in Mid-city on Carrolton. This Italian Pie-- the one located on Rampart St. is delicious and good enough for a lazy weekend. The Italian Pie on Carrolton tastes like microwaved pizza! It's atrocious!  Anyway, the service here is friendly and quick. I typically call in my order when I'm around the block at Rouse's grocery (when I used to live in St. Roch), and find that my pizza is hot and ready to go within ten minutes. Not too shabby...It's been a long while since I've been here - but ran in yesterday & got my usual - Mediteranean Salad w/ added grilled chicken & splurged w/ some "breadsticks" (really just a small cheese pizza that is QUITE yummy!!) (oh & it comes w/ marinara sauce!) - you order at the counter & someone brings you your food - staff were very nice, salad was very good!! & like I said cheese pizza - yummy!!Good food, great taste, it did the job for my taste buds. Had me a pasta, the Alfredo sauce was nice and spicy.Italian Pie in the CBD is close to my office and delivers...FOR FREE! I love that if the weather is crap, they don't complain about delivering! Yaya! 
Salads and wraps are both delicious.The pizzas are ok, but their sandwiches are quite good. The cleanliness of the bathroom could use some help and the staff is very quirky but helpful and nice. I can recommend the Greek Roasted Chicken and Italian Special sandwiches.I gave this review 1 star because -10 stars wasn't an option. I ordered lunch to be delivered today from this location for myself and two coworkers. We phoned in the order at 10:45 and were told that it would be about an hour. This was perfect, we get lunch from 12 - 1 .  When the food hadn't arrived by 12:30 I called and was told that it had left a few minutes ago but the guy had 5 other orders and they were now "busy as hell" . So, I figured we'd be eating at our desks. By 1:15 the order still wasn't here so I called back and was told it left a few minutes ago, I explained that I had been told at 12:30 that it left a few minutes ago and if that was the story again I wanted to speak to a manager.  I was told the manager "Mary" was not there. I asked who was in charge and was told no one or something along those lines. I asked to whom I was speaking and was told "Katrina" .  At 1:50 the order arrived, or should I say the order partially arrived, minus one entrée and two drinks. I called the delivery guy back and he told me he had to go back to the store and pickup the order as they hadn't made it the calzone. A short time later 15 minutes or so the Calzone arrived still without the drinks. A third delivery guy showed up 15 minutes after this with the drinks. Also the prices charged are higher than what is listed on their website. I will never go back and will encourage my family friends and coworkers to never frequent this chain.Their pizza is OK, but I like their Calzones (meatball and pepperoni) better.  The Calzone is cooked to perfection, with the crust with a lightly toasted color, just perfect!
I like to try different things, and therefore on another occassion I wanted to try the chicken wings.  We specifically asked the waiter (before placing our order) if the wings were fried or baked.  He said that they were baked so we ordered them.  As we received the wings with this perfectly crispy crust all around, and soaked on grease, we knew that we didnt get what we ordered.  The wings were a total dissapointment.
I havent tried the salads, but I have seen a few of them served on other tables and they look great.  One of these days I am going to try one.While being supercranky at Civil Court Jury Duty (across the parking lot and behind the restaurant), I decided I deserved a lunch out.  The service was fine; c'mon it's counter service.  And the menu is comparable to other Italian Pie's I've eaten at.  I liked that they had daily specials and that the food came out fast.The absolute worst muffuletta and potato chips I've ever eaten, it's an embarrassment to a New Orleans original.On the other hand the all the way pizza, the calzones and the wings are awesome, just don't eat the mufuletta.I see the negative posts.. But PLEASE! This pizza is good. Crispy crust, melty cheeze, and friendly staff. Ask for Slim (the chef)... He makes a hell of a pizza. Tuck in here for a bite and you won't be disappointed. ----EDIT---- Went back and slim wasnt there. BIG DIFFERENCE. I'd drop it to three based off of the pizza that came out the second time, so we can leave it at a four average.Went here at least 4 times when I stayed at the Homewood Suites a block away.
Reasons to go:
1) Their food is quality.  It smells and tastes good.
2) Value.  Beer and a calzone (that will fill you up) for under $10!
3) Staff is pretty cool most of the time.
4) These are consistent reasons
5) TV is usually not set on anything stupid
Reasons to avoid:
1) If you are not walking there, parking sucks
2) The air conditioning was iffy when I went there; although they had fans galore blowing on full blast, they were in no hurry to fix it
3) One of the chicks that works there can be a jerk, but the other 2 are awesomeSaw this place as I was walking to the Superdome and stopped off to try it.  Lets just say I am not a fan at all.
I guess I should have ordered the pizza and not the lasagna.   The meat and pasta was very dry and it tasted like something that had been frozen and just put on the plate and thrown into the oven.   I have to be honest and say I have tasted some better store bought frozen lasagna's.   The ceasar salad wasn't even tasty.   
I will say the bread was good but that was about it.  If you go, get the pie's and stay clear of the pastas.This was the perfect diner. We had it delivered to our hotel since we were tired from walking around all day. They delivered it on time and it was still hot! My 5 year old said it was " the best pizza ever" haha. Definitely a thumbs up from my crew!Staying at a hotel in NOLA and just wanted a good pizza delivered to the room instead of going out again.  Arthur at the front desk recommended The Italian Pie and had one of their menus available as well.
I placed my order on the phone and ordered a large pizza with alfredo sauce, pepperoni and ground beef.  The pizza was surprisingly thick and had great flavor. A little heavy on the garlic, but still very good.  
I decided to also order the Peanut Butter Pie for desert thinking it would be a homemade or at least local made desert.  Think again.  It was a Reese's prepackaged desert, quite small serving and was really awful.  And I love Reese's Peanut Butter cups!!  Skip the desert and enjoy the pizza.I wish I had taken a picture of my pizza but I had it delivered and asked for a small garlic shrimp pizza add spinach, or if garlic bbq wings, and small garlic bread. First of all the spinach on my pizza was just thrown on top not even cooked. If i wanted a salad i would have ordered one!! I called twice to see where my order was at because he quoted me about 45 minutes. Mind you don't work too far from this place. Had the spinach in my pizza been cooked like it was suppose to i would have enjoyed it more. And had it not arrived ONE AND A HALF HOURS LATER!! I would have enjoyed it even better! Oh and had the delivery girl not had a attitude when she brought me my food she would have gotten a tip!! Who knows if I'll even or delivery again. Maybe when they're not so busy maybe not at all. But they need to do better all around and not get mad when a PAYING CUSTOMER calls to check in a order that was suppose to be delivered a hour before it came. To say they're under new management they still have a lot to work on! Oh and she go no tip! Act like it was your fault that my food was late and i should have apologized when I continued to call and when you arrive. Maybe i should come teach you hospitality and business etiquette. Let me know and I'm there because y'all obviously still need help. And don't give me excuse as to why my food is late because none of that is my fault and if you know she got backed up with orders quote me a longer wait time for my food.This evening (9/3) I called and ordered a pizza. I was told that it would be delivered in no more than 45 mins. After 70 mins I tried calling and had to call 3 times before anyone answered. When they did answered I asked about the pizza and they said the driver was leaving soon. I told them that I thought there should be some compensation for the very extended wait, and the lady asked me to hold. A young man came on and his exact quote was,
 "Hi, so what exactly do you want?" 
I was taken aback by that and simply said, "I feel that waiting over an hour and a half for one pizza seems rather excessive and I feel like they should do something. He's response this time was,
"I'm just a cook here. Not sure what you want from us? Do you want me to throw  you a cookie or something?" 
At this point I just wanted to be off the phone and told him nevermind and I would call back looking for a manager. He's response was,
"Sounds good! Have a good night!" and hung up on me. 
When I got the pizza it was completely cold. 
I am not someone to ever do this and I certainly was not looking for a free pizza but I thought a coupon or something would have been a nice gesture for such a long wait. Even if that was not the case, being spoken to like that was very unacceptable.So here I go, here I go again.....Ordering from Italian Pie. This time I hope the owner doesn't try and stifle my voice. I had a late night hankering for a sandwich and a light went off in my head to order and use DoorDash. Bad mistake I gave these guys another try and again they fail to disappoint. You know what they say? "More fool me!"....... never again.....I ordered two sandwiches with supposed "kettle chips" they gave me one sandwich cut in half with a pack of lays potato chips. The Italian sandwich was only one but the DoorDash driver was trying to tell me it was two. I ordered the sandwich at 12am and waited until 1:20am to receive one sandwich sans the other sandwich. I called this hotmess haven and was given the run around. Do yourself a favor do not use DoorDash...and avoid Italian Pie. Every time I've had a problem or an issue with Italian pie the staff do not seem to know the answer and the management is never around. A place where the inmates run the show is never safe.This place is just OK; I mean it is hard to totally screw up a pizza. The subs are OK and the pizza is OK -nothing to write home about.The food here is awful! The pizza had no taste, mozzarella sticks weren't cooked and the sauce was terrible.  At least my dog is full.This place has a very east coast feel. So if you're a displaced New Yorker in the mood for a Pizza Pie, Italian Pie may be the place for you. I came here for lunch and needed something quick, so I didn't have a pizza. I got a meatball sub. For your money, you're better off going to a Subway, as the price only covers the sub - no drink or chips included. 
But the variety of the menu is interesting enough that it may be more appealing to some than Subway or some chain. They smashed up the meatballs on my sub, technically making it easier to eat I suppose, but the result was that I felt like I was eating a ground meat sandwich rather than a meatball sub. Also, they used a lot of lettuce stems on my sub, which I don't like. I prefer the leafy part. 
Anyways, overall this is a decent enough place, if a little pricey. I don't know that I'd every go out of my way to come back here, but if I was in the area and someone suggested it, I'd be fine with it.Ordered delivery through Uber eats overall good experience food was delivered prompt and hot, appreciated they wrapped my drink to keep it cold. I ordered white pizza, mozzarella sticks, turtle chocolate cake. Pizza was decent not the best I have ever had, did not care for the flavor of marina sauce had a strong green pepper taste but otherwise no complaints.Visiting from out of town we found this amazing gem. Quaint with perfectly cooked pizzas and amazing atmosphere. 
We had a small cheese and a large Italian Special, they easily fed 4 people with leftovers to take with us. Quality veggies and meats, crisp crust and a delicious sauce. 
I could not recommend this place more!I was in NOLA for a conference and ordered delivery to the hotel. I ordered a small Cesar salad and a small cheese pizza.  It arrived on time and hot.  Apparently they can't come to the room so
I did have to go to the lobby.  The salad was good and an appropriate size for small!  The pizza however was quite spicy, a peppery hot which really prevented me from enjoying it as I had hoped. I don't do spicy or pepper!  There was lots of cheese and the crust was good. There was little sauce which was fine with me.This pizza is horrible. The cheese and crust are NOTHING. I only ordered it because it was one of a few things that would deliver at the time. Please get the other thing.My favourite pizza is BBQ Chicken and this place served me by far the best one I've had in years..... just what I needed after a long day travelling and poor restaurant recommendations in Houston over the weekend. Sometimes the best places are found just by Google maps! 
The sign says under new management and I think they're still getting used to everything as the service wasn't as attentive as other places but the food certainly made up for it.I never go out of my way to post but this place was so bad I had to. I ordered a chicken parm sandwich and got coldcuts on bread with little to no sauce and a little amount of cheese. I had to throw the whole thing out. How are you going to call that chicken parm and call the store "the original Italian pie". Any Italian knows you use chicken cutlets. I will never order from here again.Our experience was a positive one!  We ordered take-out and were warmly greeted upon arrival.  I always appreciate friendly service!  It's a cute little unassuming place.  Food was well packed for our walk back to the hotel room, which I also appreciated.  The flavor was good and the portions appropriate.  No complaints.Food got here quickly and the driver was extra friendly. I appreciate how they packaged the grilled chicken in a separate container instead of on top of the salad I ordered. The caesar salad was also huge and delicious!In town for a few days and walked by this place and was curious to try. We ended up ordering from them for delivery. We had the Calzone and it was amazing. We will definitely order again before leaving town.Visiting from out of state. This pizza shop was fairly close to our hotel. I was very satisfied with the service but most of all with their delicious pizza and wings. They also have reasonable prices. I highly recommend it.Ordered pizza, mozzarella sticks, and a 2 liter through grub hub...came quick and tasted out of this world..I couldn't stop eating everything...wish they had more 2 liter soda options but everything was greatJust ordered through GRUBHUB. The driver calls to say he's on my street. I asked, are you at my building? He responded sarcastically. When I came down, this homeless looking man standing next to his pick up truck, and double parked in the middle of the street, walked over with my pizza box half opened. When I asked him why, he turned and walked away. A 20% tip for this?? Unacceptable! I immediately called GRUBHUB for refund. I'm not eating this. Who knows what he's been doing or where his hands been. GRUBHUB was very cool with me and gave prompt refund. I threw the pizza in the trash.We stumbled upon this great little spot because it was close to our hotel. So, we ate here before heading to the crazy crowds and long lines for food in the french quarter.... best decision of the night! The roast beef sandwich was SO good! We had a great dinner for a fraction of what we would have paid in the quarter with top notch, attentive service.  We are coming back to Nola in a few months and will definitely eat here again.Ordered take out through Uber eats. 
I ordered the fettuccine Alfredo meal. For 15$ you cannot beat the price! It automatically came with either chicken or shrimp, a side salad and bread. 
Unfortunately they had to call me to tell me they were out of the Alfredo sauce so I got the seafood sauce instead. 
The flavour in the pasta was awesome, good portion of shrimp in it as well, sadly the pasta was over cooked though as well as the breadsticks. 
But the portion sizes were good and seriously at that price for all that food! Not to shabby.Polite cashier. EXTREMELY GOOD Pizza ! Very Authentic Italian flavor ! It was near the hotel i'm staying at for vacation. Great choice !. Will visit again !!!Pizza is just ok. 
We were super drunk or first night and stayed up until 2 am waiting for a pizza we ordered on yelp. They had forgot about us and took another 20 extra minutes to make after we called to check where it was. Not worth and yelped charged mandatory tip, ugh. 
If you absolutely have to order here, call them and pick up yourself.I ordered this as a late night meal through UberEats and I had the sausage, mushroom, and cheese calzone. There was plenty of sausage and cheese but not that many mushrooms. I thought there was a lot of bread so I ended up just eating the inside and throwing most of it away. The flavor was okay but I don't think I would return.
*I actually ordered from them again on the last night I was in NOLA. But this time I ordered a pizza. I had a vegetarian option and it was awesome. I'll take the pizza over the calzone any day.*This might be the absolute worst meal I have ever ordered.
Ordered from Uber eats. First issue was that they forgot my tea. But this happens a lot with deliveries so I wasn't upset... then I opened the food.
The "garlic bread" was literally a frozen pizza dough with gobs of cheese, no garlic, and it was somehow all doughey. The grease was pooled in the bottom of the container. 
My boyfriend and I both got spaghetti and meatballs and when we opened it up, it looked like someone had opened a can of spaghetti-os and dumped it on top of spaghetti with two questionable looking meatballs. It smelled a bit sour but I figured I'd taste test it. HUGE MISTAKE. The sauce was putrid and, after cutting a meatball open to inspect found that the inside was BLACK. The food smelled so bad we had to throw it in our outside trash can. 
Not only is the food utter garbage, but it is quite possibly a safety hazard. Do yourself a favor and stay away.Okay cheesecake and mediocre pizza, but rude service and poor atmosphere. Review to come!This company has HORRIBLE CUSTOMER CUSTOMER. I placed and order and did. It hear anything for an hour. I called the store, which is what the grub hub app states. I was left on hold and hung up on. Do not order you will be hungry. Customer service is everything and they don't have it!!!!Had the Oven Baked Italian sandwich and baked chicken wings.  Good tasting food, generous portions, good value for the money, friendly staff. What more do you need?DO NOT COME HERE !!!! came here after having a very day and was very hungry order a lavish wrap and waiting 28mins just for my food to be wrong!!!!!told them about it and they unceremoniously gave me my money back ! Without even offering to fix there screw up. This place is a joke and so is its staff i should have listened to the reviews and not gone to this horrible place and it's horrible staff. Also payed with my card and never got my refund !!ZERO STARS.We got our pizza much faster than quoted. The pizza was good and very cheesy. It was a little overpriced.This place was a solid choice no complaints here great pizza place off the beaten path kinda and it's a small place don't let that scare you small place big taste ! Come by when you are in NOLA you won't be disappointed.We stopped here Saturday after enjoying the NKOTB concert, keep in mind we got there at 11:15pm while you are reading this review "they close at 12". I did give an extra star because they didn't kick us or anyone else out of the restaurant at 12, it was pouring down rain and everyone was dreading going outside. 
The employee taking the orders was very short with us "I get it, it's 45 min till closing" and a group of 90's kids just invaded your place. After placing order I immediately go to Yelp to check in and was rewarded with a free soft drink "perfect, I forgot to order a drink" I approached the counter again to collect my drink and was basically just looked at from employees in the back. After a few minutes one of the girls "not the one who took my order" comes to the counter, I show her my coupon and she yells to the back we got a Yelp thing going on? You mean he "didn't catch name" paid for something? She then hands me a cup and returns to back. Over the next 10 minutes everyone from the back comes up front and stares over at our table. After 15 minutes or so our pizza & cheese bread come out.
Food review: the pizza tasted like a Digiorno pizza no grease kinda bland, the sauce tasted like Prego. The cheese bread was really good though.I would probably rate this a 3 based on my experience, but I feel like the restaurant is objectively a 4. We were a large group in town for a large conference, and there was another large group besides us. Apparently the only person who showed up for work was the owner/manager who was working in the back, so I can excuse that he limited our menu to pizzas/sandwiches (missing out on all the other pasta dishes), but I did get a look at some of the pasta dishes before we ate and they did look good. The pizza...I thought it was tasty but very cheesy and the cheese just formed a big ball of heavy cheese in my stomach, if you know what I mean. So, meh on the pizza. Not horrible, I don't think, but not awesome.Ordered late night delivery, with 109% sincerity... hands down Thee WORST thing I ever ate in my 31 years of life. Crawfish lasagna. Sooooooooooooooooooo much cheese it was inedible, took a few bites and had to spit it out like Chew. Crawfish so over cooked, was like fish flavored rubber nuggets. Not to mention the over salt bomb. So disappointed after $20+ for food and delivery. Almost ruined New Orleans for me! I still have another 3 days, may have to stick to old faithful fast foods while away from home after this almost near death artery clogging, large intestine exploding experience. If you have a death wish after 2am... order from here!I ordered about $50 worth of food through Uber eats from this place. I waited about 1.5 hours all to be contacted by the Uber eats driver that the food had been picked up already. I then called Uber Eats to cancel the transaction, thankful they did not give me a hard time. So at this point I'm beyond pissed so I called the restaurant to find out how could someone just walk in and pick of my food without a receipt. The women on the food was very rude and gave no explanation to what happened other than "were very busy" all before hanging up in my face. Bad experience ruined any possibility of me ordering from this place again.Ordered crawfish lasagna through door dash to have at my hotel.  Expected it to be decadent, which it is.  
Good amount of seafood and cheese.  Crawfish flavor permeates, and is the yummy flavor I was looking forward to first night in NOLA. 
Too salty for me, but I a low salt threshold. 
Main issue is it arrived swimming in grease.  I ended up excavating some of the interior layers of seafood trying to rescue them from the oils. 
I imagine in the restaurant it wouldn't pool as much as it would spread out on a plate. 
Could only eat a few bites, but what I dug out from under the sauce and oil was rich and satisfying.Had our meal delivered so can't really speak to service and ambiance. Had a simple cheese pizza and a pepperoni pizza. Both were very good. The salad my wife had is what elevated the meal. It was the Isle of Capri salad and it killed.NEVER ORDER FROM THIS LOCATION!
We ordered a pizza and some other items. Over 90 minutes later no delivery. During that time we called and the person on the phone said it was in the delivery car 5 minutes away. He said "I just spoke to the driver." 
We called a couple of times as "5 minutes away" never materialized.
Then we get a call from I Pie and he says "oops I made a mistake. Your pizza is just going in the oven." So basically they lied for 90 minutes, would not comp the pizza and did not give a damn about the customer.Craving spaghetti and meatballs in New Orleans.  I was thrilled to see a place that offered it.  The taste was okay but the portion was quite small for the price.  I ordered through Uber and half my order was missing.  Disappointing but at least I got credit.   No utensils was also an issue.  I feel this place has potential but they need to tighten up their take out.  So many of us business travelers are dependent on it.Ordered this on Uber eats late night. Pizza was cold and tasted like lean cuisine. Cold and spongy. The cannoli's on the other hand ANAZING.  If it's the only pizza open at 3am, I'd try it again... but as a last resort.This place is a hidden gem! A bit off the beaten path, but the pizza and appetizers were delicious. It is definitely worth the visit.Good stuff! We were visiting NOLA and needed something delivered. We didn't want the usual pizza we get back home so we were pleasantly surprised to have delicious food from The Original Italian Pie! Our sandwich and calzone were both awesome. We even had a kings cake for fun! We were concerned our food may be soggy by the time we got it, but it was still fresh!The Meatball Calzone was delicious!!!!! The marinara sauce was seasoned just right. This also was my first time ever eating from this establishment, but friends of mine always enjoyed eating here. I definitely will add this to my list of favorites. I hope the food tastes as good as it did my first time for whenever I return.Great pizza!  Quick and friendly service. They have beer, soda, pasta, pizza, calzones, salads, wraps, sandwiches, appetizers, soup, and dessert.  A great selection and delicious food. You should definitely stop by.
We saw it on the top 10 places to eat in New Orleans.This place is old, funny and not as clean as I would like, but the pizza is delicious and the salad was fresh. I will be back for the food.Local who has ordered from Italian Pie many times from different locations. Ordered the chicken Alfredo pasta to be delivered and I could not believe it but the chicken was thinly sliced what appeared to be deli chicken....weird and certainly not what I was expecting...Love this place. The garlic cheese bread is my favorite. Ive had the classic pizza and the artichoke and spinach pizza. Both were very good.Update. 
The owner did reach out - and for that, I appreciate the response. I'm upping this to three stars based on the fact that she responded. I'll give them another try soon. 
This restaurant doesn't understand the term "service." After ordering for delivery, I was told it would be 45 minutes. Reasonable for a Friday night. However, after 90 minutes - I called to figure out what had happened. Turns out - they hadn't even made the pizza. When asked how that could happen, I was told "we have a line of tickets." Really? It's pizza. It's not that long to make. From a New Yorker, I know this. Avoid this place at alShared a large garlic shrimp pizza with friends! Try it with the Tony Chachere's seasoning they have there too. Was a great late night stop in New Orleans!This was an amazing pizza! The service was great and the place was clean!  The bread was thin and the crust was thick so both thin and thick crust lovers could enjoy! Pizza had ALOT of toppings and just the right amount of sauce and was not greasy!!Back in town after months away and staying at a local hotel.....exhausted! Remembered this little spot was nearby. Walked in, ordered a pie.....delicious! The gentlemen, who I believed to be the owner was extremely kind. Nice conversation while waiting for my order.Awesome pizza. Plenty of toppings, and moist but fluffy crust. I would recommend this pizza to anyone.There was no communication error at all. I have my phone log to prove this. I called at least four times inquiring about my order. Each time I asked about my order each time I was sold with a nasty attitude call grub hub and when I would say the app said to call you. I got silence and then I would say hello hello and then she would say hello and then say ma'am call grub hub or nothing. The time when I was hung up on the same thing happened verbatim, but this time I added well why wouldn't you call me abs she same ma'am we can't call you call grub hub and hung up. I immediately called right back and said are you the one who just hung up on me and she said no ma'am. I said I need to speak with a manager and she said I am the manager. I told her what happened and she said I know and I assure you I will handle it. She said give me ten minutes and I will personally deliver your food. At this point I had NO trust that someone would not spit it my food or etc so my sister found the grub hub number called and cancelled the order.  I went there in person the next night and spoke to the young lady who said she was the manager that took my call. I asked was the young lady there and she told me no. Another lady in plain clothes was theater and asked me what happened and I explained. She asked the lady who said she was a manager who was it because she had an idea and she mouthed the name to her and she said I knew it and said thanks for the information. So no it's not a communication issue at all. If this is not a hat your company represents then you might want to check that out and fire the rude worker. I have the name of the lady who said she was a manger, but do not want it out it on here. I am not sure if there is a way to send a private message or not, but again you should really check into your workers that represent you. 
This company has HORRIBLE CUSTOMER CUSTOMER. I placed and order and did not hear anything for an hour. I called the store, which is what the grub hub app states. I was left on hold and hung up on. Do not order you will be hungry. Customer service is everything and they don't have it!!!OMG so delicious!!! Party of 12 so we ordered almost everything on menu. . . I had the shrimp fettucciniIf I could give 0 stars I would.    I called to try to place an order for pick up.   The lady said "please hold" and hung up. Thinking it was an accident I called back. Lady said "sorry we are swamped and have a lot of calls coming in".   I get hung up on again.  We decide to walk over there.   The place was dead. 2 workers were sitting outside and had to get up to go inside when I went to order.     While waiting for my food, I noticed the worker pick up a phone calll and said please hold (there were no tables and no one else in the restaurant). She proceeded to hang up on them, pick up her cell phone and sit there and play on it.  
Was charged 36 dollars for a large pizza and a kids spaghetti.    Outrageous.  The online prices do not match up.    
Food was sub par.  Wouldn't go again.The pizza here is delicious!!! I ordered the smallest meat lovers (I forgot what it's called). It was like $10.  I will definitely eat here again when I'm in New Orleans! I'm glad I stumbled upon it (well it was like the only place opened on Mardi Gras). The staff is very nice and helpful!I went late Saturday night after an event and ordered 8-piece BBQ wings. There were three employees there, and I know it's late, but the place was hardly packed.
It took 30 minutes to get eight pieces of chicken. Thirty. Around twenty minutes, I got up to ask about my order, which is when one of the employees informed me the girl in the kitchen hadn't even made it yet. Instead, the girl in the back was constantly coming out of the kitchen, trying to get off of work while orders were coming in, and handing our wrong orders to customers. I literally watched her tell someone, "I don't know if this is your order, but here you go."
At that point, my friend got up and walked out of the restaurant, which I couldn't do because they already had my money, and I was hungry, let's face it.
That's when the girl who was supossed to be in the kitchen looked up, and said "You can go to Subway, McDonald's, or somewhere else. I don't care if you get mad."
I've worked in the service industry before, and this is absolutely unacceptable. You can count that I'll never come here again and spend my money with employees who are utterly disrespectful and rude. The cashier ended up making my order herself, and that's the only reason this review got two stars.Delivery order while we're on vacation; three teenagers, two parents, and two grandparents were equally thrilled with dinner tonight. All-meat pizza was rated "OUTSTANDING" by grandpa, the seafood lasagna and ravioli was devoured, and the Caprese salad - while not a traditional presentation - was fabulous. My kids wanted to know if there were any Italian Pies in our area; there were groans when they learned it was local only. 
REALLY great food and timely, pleasant delivery.Food was good. I could see myself coming back if I ever visit LA again. Pizza was extra cheesy. The wings were a little on the chewy side but had great flavorI love this place. The staff is great and always polite. Candice is wonderful and always makes sure you are good while dining.I had stopped here during Bayou Classic weekend since it was the least busiest place to grab a bite and I was in the mood for pizza. I ordered a large pepperoni pizza and beverage for around 20.00..We had waited for about 15 mins for the pizza which wasnt bad since they were pretty busy but with that being said I was satisfied with the pizza there was alooooot of cheese and pretty standard size. The only negatives were the pizza could have used more pepperoni and the beverages were priced at 3.50 which I find to be very expensive. I would come back.Wanted late night pizza, but this was just bad. Not only was my pizza incorrect (all I ordered was 1/2 Pepperoni and 1/2 Spinach and Feta but the Spinach and Feta 1/2 had a bunch of other toppings) the pizza was barely cooked. Soggy, gross interior. Only the Crust on the pepperoni half was cooked enough to actually eat. To top it off all of the toppings shifted during delivery and it was barely cut. Avoid. Dominos would be a marked upgrade from this place.Last night in NOLA and we had tried all of the local must-haves - we just wanted a pizza and to relax in our room.  Italian Pie didn't disappoint.  We ordered a large Italian Combo and an order of mild wings for Pickup.  We were a few minutes early, and our pie had just rolled out of the oven.  Loaded with fresh toppings.  It was so good.  The wings were a little to spicy for my wife, so I had to take one for the team and finish them off.  Great value.To sum up this "restaurant" in one word: Underwhelming
Last night my fiancé & I had an order to-go of a personal pepperoni pizza w/ breadsticks, & chicken Parmesan w/ a side Caesar salad. 
For being the "original Italian pie" the pie was a complete joke. If you handed me a slice while I was blind folded, I would have 100% thought it was Little Caesar's, but a day old & reheated. 
The chicken Parmesan was basically a TV frozen dinner. Breading of the chicken wasn't crispy, but instead a soggy mess, & the sauce was completely tasteless.
I'm no Gordon Ramsey, but I can tell it was clearly microwaved & should definitely be the next episode of Kitchen Nightmares. 
The breadsticks were pathetic. Ridiculously chewy & INCREDIBLY greasy. Literally soaked through the box. Let me make that more clear: BREADSTICKS had so much grease that it SOAKED THROUGH THE BOX.         ????????WTF??????????HOW???
Btw idk if you guys know this, but sprinkling some pre packaged Italian seasoning onto a piece of bread...doesn't give you the right to call your food Italian. 
Oh, & they forgot my damn salad.Got in on a late flight decided to try this restaurant for delivery because it was open late, was really good I got mango habanero chicken wings but did receive the 2 drinks with my delivery order. Called driver he kept sending me to voicemail. Called the restaurant & they hung up (probably busy) Finally got in contact with the driver said he was outside but he only brought 1 soda & left the 1 soda at the front desk.. but we paid for 2.The Pizza at Redfish is fantastic! My Wife and I shared a Large Pizza with Thin Crust and 4 toppings. It was one of the best Pizzas we have had in a long time! The Prices were good tge service was nice and the decor is nice too! We will definitely be going back for more soon!The food is hit or miss, it truly depends on the day and time. I ordered a Shrimp Florentine calzone and mango habanero wings from them two nights ago and it was Delicious, but I didn't eat much of it immediately and decided I'd put it in my fridge for the next day. I ate it last night and it has given me the WORST food poisoning. I've been feeling like pure crap for the past 6 hours because of this food. Puking and everything. It's like Russian roulette buying food from here. Also, they have super late hours which is nice, but my food is almost always late when I order from here:/They have the best Shrimp Pizza in New Orleans. Ask for Mr. Rob .  We eat from here twice a week. The staff members are friendly and, take every precaution wearing masks and gloves . AwesomeOrdering from this place was the worst experience I ever had. I waited almost 2 hours to receive my food, which should have been ready in 15minutes. All i ordered was a small cheese pizza. They wouldn't even compensate me for their terrible service or even apologize. To be honest, I wish they never gave me the pizza because of how disgusting it was. The dough was completely under cooked, and they added a ton of cheese but very little sauce. I only ate one slice and I felt sick immediately after. I HIGHLY recommend no one goes to this place as it is a disgrace of a restaurant with its terrible customer service and disgusting food. They call this place "The Original Italian Pie", which would be an accurate name if the actual original Italian pie tasted like the crap on the bottom of my shoe.I have to say this is the absolute best Calzone I have ever eaten. It was cooked perfect and they didn't skimp on the ingredients. It was delivered hot and fresh. The peanut butter pie was utterly AMAZING to say the least. This was a lot of food. I highly recommend this restaurant.We had to wait about 45 mins to get even an appetizer. The food was good ,but we did have to send back a salad that was missing its main ingredient. The service was decent. When we asked for a drink it got to the table relatively fast. The over all experience was average.Food was yummy and so filling! Lasagna and calzone are enough for 2 people. Dixie was very friendly and welcoming and we would come back for sure!Well...you know how I am with restaurant chains!  I will waste time telling you that the pizza was the best I ever had, or any malarkey of that nature.  This is simply chain pizza with an acceptable taste.
I will give proper due to the spinach dip.  The spinach dip is good because it is thick and tasty.  I definitely enjoyed the Yelp drink check in offer that was presented to me on my app.  I was even more pleased that this place honored the check in offer.
Truly, when you are in the Central Business District (CBD) of New Orleans, many places like to price gouge because they know they can.  All in all, this CBD business has decent pricing, so if the money is tight, and you are in the area, this may be a stop consideration.  They cater, so if you are put in a meeting in the CBD, you can utilize them to be the guy everyone loves to see in meetings!Waited for an hour and a half for a cheese pizza. Turns out it was the second worst piece of pizza I've ever had behind a slice from a gas station. Do yourself a favor and pay for delivery from somewhere else.Trying to support local businesses right now, we've been sucking up the cost and using Uber Eats so the drivers and the restaurants can benefit. I can not recommend Original Italian Pie. The order form didn't have options to select the sides on some of the pasta dishes, so my spinach lasagna (which I won't even get into) didn't come with the garlic cheese bread I ordered in the notes. Whatever, man. But what was really atrocious was the "gourmet" Margherita Pizza we ordered. It was cheese on dry bread with chopped tomatoes. Absolutely could not believe this was something they would send out to a customer.
I want to support you. I want to keep the New Orleans independent businesses running. But I am saddened by what was delivered to my house. I've included a picture of the above-mentioned pizza that the menu describes as "pesto sauce topped with fresh roma tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, fresh basil, shredded parmesan and sprinkled with Italian herbs and spices."This place sucks just as several negative reviews indicate. 
First off, don't bother with the menu online. It's different than the actual menu in the restaurant (both prices and selections). Second off, they are incredibly slow. I was the only diner at 1100am on a Wednesday and it still took 18 minutes to get a sandwich. 
It is definitely overpriced, which is why I opted for the sandwich. The portion size was quite large but the bread didn't taste fresh and the meatballs were so small.  The menu says sandwiches are served with kettle cooked chips but it should say served crushed Lay's potato chips. 
I don't recommend.Absolutely delicious! Has to be one of the best pies I've had. It's hard to find a place that does crust just right. If I lived here this would be my pizza place! You should definitely try it.I love this place. Everything  on the menu  is delicious.  All the nurses on the night shift love the late night hours.Do not order out from here and don't expect them to care if anything is wrong with your food.
I ordered from here on 10/21 before they closed at 5am. My food was cold, bland, and missing items. My Mediterranean salad was only lettuce and cheese, they forgot the dressing. My Italian baked wings had no seasoning and were cold. Also, they forgot the ranch for those. My two orders of mozzarella sticks were a heaping blob of cold mozzarella and bread crumbs. Guess what they also forgot? The marinara lol. My crawfish lasagna was pretty good until the third bite in when I realized it was cold in the middle, probably from being microwaved. I got the order delivered through ubereats after the restaurant closed, thus I couldn't get my order fixed right away. I called in the morning and talked to a manager named Angie, who was super sweet and apologetic. She told me I would get a credit for my full order and to come in for it, told me I didn't need to bring my uneaten food to them. 
I came in this afternoon to redeem my credit for lunch. Angie was not there, the note she promised me she put on the board showing I had a credit, was also not there. The manager on duty at this time was EXTREMELY rude. She kept asking me why I didn't bring the food in, didn't listen to me explaing what was wrong with the order. This manager started bad mouthing the manager that I spoke to previously, Angie. I find it very unprofessional to tell a customer that your other manager is new and "doesn't know what they're doing." Because this manager kept loudly asking me what I did with the food and why I wanted a full credit infront of other workers and customers, I felt like she was implying I was a liar and stupid for not bringing the food back to the establishment. At this point, I'm no longer going to eat there and asked for a refund of at least half my order. The manager rolled her eyes, said I would need to contact ubereats and I should've been told that when I first called. The manager then said sorry in a uncaring tone and walked away. I've worked in the customer service industry for 5+ years and understand that mistakes happen, food can be sub par right before closing, I really just wanted to try the crawfish lasagna properly. I didn't even ask for a full credit, I was offered and then promised it, then yelled at for trying to redeem it. Worst customer service from a manager in a long time, didn't even take out her earbuds to talk to me. This was my last day in New Orleans and I walked out of their restaurant in tears because of how embarrased I felt.
Again, do not order out from here and don't expect them to care if anything is wrong with your food.Awful, low-quality pizza. Excessive processed cheese on a tasteless crust with canned vegetables. How does this place stay in business?'Twas an awesome place to chow on some grub. I got the Italian Pie combo pizza. I'd definitely fancy the thought of returning with friends.Be aware if you're ordering from them through a third party such as DoorDash, Uber eats etc... they're stealing drivers tips. Better if you tip your driver cash. Felt bad for my DoorDash driver gave him cash after I checked the receipt and it said no tip, knowing I put a freaking tip on there. Where's all that money going ITALIAN PIE??? Please explain.....This restaurant doesn't understand the term "service." After ordering for delivery, I was told it would be 45 minutes. Reasonable for a Friday night. However, after 90 minutes - I called to figure out what had happened. Turns out - they hadn't even made the pizza. When asked how that could happen, I was told "we have a line of tickets." Really? It's pizza. It's not that long to make. From a New Yorker, I know this. Avoid this place at all costs.We walked in to The original Italian pie and was  greeted by the most friendliest cashier in a long time. Her name is Imani. Calzone was exceptional, Bud Light was cold. ($3 for a 16 oz aluminum bottle). We needed a break from Bourbon Street ventured into the city and found this little gem. Stop by and give them a try.Fire your Manager Angie she is not good  for your business. The rudest person ever. I still have not received my money back . Angie is not professional enough to be in a leadership position. If she continues to Represent your company you will lose businessBest pizza I've had in so long. Cool penny tables too. Forgot to take a picture of the food cause it was gone pretty quick. Will definitely come back when I return to the city.Ordered for pick up.  Pizza was bland, cheese tasted cheap.  Ordered a side Caesar salad but got something else, which was heavy in olives (which I hate). Ordered breadsticks that were hard as a rock, Alfredo sauce was bland.  All our food was cold.  Would not recommend.Good service, not so great food. Gumbo was not good. My friends got a calzone and said they were okay.
Overall nothing that would make me visit again if I ever come back to Louisiana.Pizza was delivered a lil on cold side but very tasty... I would order again no hesitationLooking for late pizza while visiting New Orleans and found great reviews on this place. It's not in the best area we ended going back streets to get there older neighborhood but this place Pizza Delicious was sooo good! Fresh hot pizza! Atmosphere was upbeat outdoor sitting area along with indoor great music. We will definitely be back!Amazing food sometimes it really busy and there can be a bit of a wait for your order but food is always worth The wait!
As far as front counter help and friendlness it's hit or Miss depending on who is up there and some are extra southern style friendly and some are boarder line rude and act like they are doing you a Big favor even  acknowledging you at the front counter and that quite often they're very long hold times to be able to get a order put in and when they do answer the phone some of the girls are so extremely rude it almost makes you think to not put your order in but then you get your food and it's so amazing it makes you forget about crappy attitude that came from the cashier and The Pizza is even better after you have it at your place And wether it's reheated or ice clof it's like a fine wine Just better after you let it breathe before injust it
I have yet to eat anything bad here yet
Just a lil FYI have them make The Garlic bread well done and The wings to it Best when you ask for well done wings makes them crispy Like a Thanksgiving turkey straight outa the oven and you just can't help but pick at The skin 
And oh that kicking Bourbon sauce is as close as I think I can get to heaven while I an still alive
The one and only One reason I can't just give them a full 5 stars is the truly rude Black girl who always gets to be our cashier even when we wait til she's busy and always hope the funny cotton candy hair girl is at least up at one or the other register because almost always makes My grumpy husband laugh
Couldn't tell you how the day Crew is as we never go there for lunch but make it a point to have dinner there at least once a week I don't think our marriage would have survived the pandemic if we didn't have The Italian pie as that special place we always both can agree upon whenever neither of us have the urge to cook
Thank you Italian pie for me not shutting down during The great loss of choices for our favorite foods
We know you'll always be There for us And especially when we had a few too many and need to munch a bit before passing out 
You gotta be One of our must have places and hope your never go away we would be lost without this place!!!!One word. Outstanding. Spinach dip was amazing and the chicken Parmesan was stuffed in the container enough for 3.What a sad little pizza. No wonder I've had the sense to avoid this place all these years. The chicken alfredo 'gourmet' pie was just that, dry chicken and 'alfredo' straight from the jar, extremely salty and with no trace of actual garlic. And nothing else. No veggies. No herbs. Not even a trace of the promised 'fresh green onions' from the description!  Most earnest attempts at good pizza in Nola are disappointing enough... This is downright deplorable! Too bad the tourists keep y'all in business..I ordered to go via DoorDash. I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, which comes with a choice of salad, and breadsticks/garlic bread. The garlic bread comes sliced in four - and is exactly the greasy cheesy situation you'd like on a night of drinking or a cheat day. The salad was decent-- although the greens had a certain taste to them. Now the main attraction, the spaghetti and meatballs... I couldn't get through a few bites of the noodles and meatball. The first thing I noticed was the aroma (which immediately screamed canned spaghetti-o). 
Overall I'd give it a 5/10. I would only order again for  pizza and salad.It's very convenient because I work overnight, but the outside isn't very appealing. I only frequent there because of their teriyaki chicken wings! They are too die for!!! Their pizza is ok, a bit greasy and doesn't taste as good after it has gotten cold and reheated. They are definitely my go to for their wings tho!When I searched for this restaurant to place my review I was extremely shocked by the amount of stars next to this establishment. The food was outstanding! My fiancé & I visited from Houston. This was our first time trying this place and the pizza was delicious. Wings were also delicious. We had a meat lovers with Kickin' bourbon wings. We ordered face to face and had our food within 20-30 mins. I' was thankful this restaurant stays open so late (3Am) most places are closed. If you're visiting I highly recommend trying! I wouldn't order from the delivery apps. Sorry for no pics we were enjoying the food to much to take any.If I could give 0 stars I would. Sadly my review is based off customer experience rather than the food since I couldn't even get my food. My family ordered food through door dash, about $120 for all of us which is a little pricey if you ask me but I was out voted. Do you know that one of their workers called us to inquire why we didn't leave a tip when ordering our food? Then proceeded to grill us about where exactly in the 9th ward do we live because and I quote "one of the drivers was robbed there before and the current driver may not feel safe coming to our area." EITHER YOU DELIVER HERE OR YOU DON'T! I don't mind picking up my food in fact I usually do since none of my favorite restaurants are in the area. However, I don't appreciate anyone calling us and treating my family as if we are less than just because we're actually from New Orleans. First of all your business is off rampart which is 10 mins away so lest not act as if your neighborhood is any more safer than mine. My family will never order from here again, because we don't believe in or partake in profiling.Ordered this to be delivered and the pie was fantastic. So first time we've ordered from this particular establishment and were pleasantly surprised. Got a love a pizza for you can taste the sauce the cheese and the meats!I ordered the supreme pizza with Grub Hub. Pizza crust was good and good amount of toppings. Didn't care for the sauce too much and it was extremely salty.Waited for an hour and a half for a cheese pizza. Turns out it was the second worst piece of pizza I've ever had behind a slice from a gas station. Do yourself a favor and pay for delivery from somewhere else. 
Severan, I appreciate the apology, but the sad part was I didn't order delivery. I ordered at the counter, and then sat in the restaurant for more than an hour and a half.(Takeout review) I was wandering the streets looking for a spot for any kind of pasta and lasagna on a Sunday afternoon. This was one of the few spots open with good stars to review ratios on google. The cashier was very lovely and hopeful! She explained to me the difference in pizzas and was very nice in helping me choose the sides. 
The food was great! The meatballs were bigger than they look and filled me up more than I thought they would. The garlic bread was delicious. The pizza itself was pretty good and exactly what I expected, just a normal pizza, no fluff, no surprises, just pizza you eat and enjoy.These Poeple are scammers they never delivered my order but charged me! It's a SCEME ! I've ordered last week and they did this I thought maybe it was a one time thing but no they did it again today.. I can't believe thisI honestly NEVER eat pizza so I feel like when I do it's always amazing BUT the crust was thick and doughy (well cooked) which is how I prefer my
Pizza. The salad was decent, not the best nor the worst. The cheese bread that came with the salad I wasn't expecting but it was delicious. It took me like 12 hours to digest all this. I don't normally eat dairy or gluten so my body was overheard by the amount of fat and carbs. My picky boys did eat their fair share so that's a better indicator. I talked to a local he said he'd never been because he thought it looked kinda sketchy, the bathroom situation when we went was fought BUT the pizza was good. I would go back and try other menu options.Grub hub app messed up last night so I came in the next day to get it and they were super nice and felt bad about not being able to get it to me. Really good food and deserves your service.Yum!  Late night order and hit the spot! Day after was just a good. The white sauce was buttery, just enough garlic and all complimentary to the chicken and bacon. Very good.If i could give negative stars I would! The absolute worst customer service EVER. I called 3 times to find out where my food was and each time the person answering the phone Keyondra or something like that sighed deeply and said "oh my God hold on" as if I was bothering her. 2 and a 1/2 hours later I called again asking for a manager because I wanted to canceled the order because my food was still not there she said it's cancelled and hung up! In between the 2 hour wait I order from magazine pizza and it came and was eaten before the food from this place actually showed up and was left in the lobby by the delivery person!We had high hopes for this spot but it definitely fell short. They got our whole order wrong and didn't put some of the toppings we paid for on the pizza as well. This order was to go and we received no napkins, plates, peppers or cheese. Besides all that.....the pizza sucked. It had no flavor and just was off. I was very hungry and was surprised I couldn't even eat the spaghetti. Avoid this placeVery disappointed, so I placed a pickup order at exactly 10:54pm. I ordered several things for me and my family. I ordered a calzone, two 8pc order of wings, and spaghetti and meatballs with extra meatballs. My order was suppose to be ready at 11:15-11:45pm. I know that they can be busy at times so I decided to leave my home at exactly 11:40pm. I arrived at 11:55pm. I asked for my order the cashier told me that she did not have an order for Victoria, so I gave her my order number. She then tells me oh your order haven't came up yet, they are still working on it. So I patiently waited thinking that my order was being prepared. I had to wait an additional hour and 1/2. Finally I get my food, didn't think to check but I did not have any extra meatballs in the spaghetti that I paid extra for, plus the breadsticks was left out, my calzone was also burnt, the wings were ok though. I guess the next time I order I should wait 2hrs before going to pick it up.The delivery came on time is the only nice thing I can say. Granted I'm from the northeast and somewhat spoiled but this place rivals Pizza Hut for the worst pizza I've ever had. 
Worse than the pizza was the "chicken Parm" po boy. I use the quotes because sliced chicken with sauce and provolone can never be described as chicken Parmesan. 
Won't be ordering here again. I strongly suspect the original Italians who owned this place were banned from Sicily for murdering Italian food norms.This place is perfect for lunch, dinner, or anytime really because the food is so good! Prices aren't bad and quick service! Highly recommend!Great service and great food !! Hand made pizzas and the Italian salad was delicious!! We had a sausage and pepperoni they made the crust that morning.  Very tasty and we will be back. And the service was fantastic.  Met the owner and the staff were so friendly. The cookies are super as well. You need some for sure.Came to The Original Italian Pie, and liked it. Very cool and unique. The menu is really awesome, so many really good choices, I had to go with Margherita, and it was fantastic. Service was good and every one working here was incredibly nice and helpful. Just, I like The Original Italian Pie, and I know you will love it too.Nice tasty pue. Good cheese. Dough is different and good. On the margarita tomatoes were tasty.
People are nice. Good place for a late snack.Finally got a refund, took a week. Do yourself a favor and go to reginelli's. I wish I could tell you the food was good but I never received it and every time I called the restaurant for help I was sent to voicemail or hung up on. The owners don't care about the poor service, just look at the other reviews. 
My family and I loved the original Italian pie and ordered from here for years but after the awful service, I received all ten of us are done ordering from here. The owners truly don't care about the bad service their employee's exhibit.I've from this location 3 times. Once directly through the store and twice through UberEats. I'm staying in a hotel not too far away. This company uses their own employees for all deliveries whether you order through them directly or a 3rd party. Each time their employees delivered  took over an hour  to deliver. How? Why? I'm in a hotel close to the business. I tried to support but never again. Buyer beware you will wait hours for delivery no matter how close you are to the establishment. The store employee just hung up on me for asking when I would receive my orderSuper great for a late night grub grab. Pizza was amazing! Shoutout to the amazing staff members who continue to work and support the community.My friends and i really wanted pizza and wings! I found this location on Yelp and despite the rating we ordered anyway. The order was late but initially that was ok. I received a call from the restaurant saying the driver called and there was a call log. I advised i never received a call regarding the order. The person calling stated the order would be remade, but it arrived cold. The order had not been remade. I had additional called for an order status and was hung up on. 
I contacted grub hub as this is whom we ordered thru and was issues a refund. 
Customer service needs a ton of work!I would give zero stars if that were an option. I am currently waiting for food to be delivered to me; it's 40minutes late, and every time I call to see what's going on, I either get hung up on or get sent to voicemail. Please do not order from here; they will steal your money.
I have been reading other reviews, and it seems like this has been an issue for months, and the owners have done nothing about it. Whatever you do not waste your time and money on this place.
Update: Two hours later and my food still hasn't arrived. I am furious.
Finally got a refund over a week later from this sh*t show. Don't get food from here. Not worth your time or money. Just go to reginelli's. 
Ps. Delete Uber eatsI like to post good and other... the food we ordered was delicious and hot.  However, the garlic bread is like a pizza but the crust was under cooked still doughy.  Otherwise, one item was missed on my delivery, the tiramisu cake.  I called and the delivery person came as soon as he could and brought my dessert.  So just wanted to say thank you for that but please work on making sure your cheesy garlic bread is cooked through.Pizza was amazing. But half our order was missing. Didn't get our peanut pie or our Coke Zero?Nice little quaint place that has very good pizza and calzones.  Eat-in or carry out options are available.Delivery person was friendly.  Took about an hour and 20 minutes or more to get pizzas.  They were cold upon arrival. Pizzas are not good.  Called after waiting about an hour, and woman said they were getting ready to contact a driver.  Won't be ordering from here again.  Poor quality, poor service.  Misleading timeframes.
Update: pizza is really not good at all.  Quite horrible, in my opinion.
Update:  they got the order wrong. I hope the GF pizza is actually GF. 
Update: I didn't contact them and they didn't contact me beyond the online request to refund me for the awful food they sent. Won't be back. They haven't to my knowledge refunded me for what was in my opinion awful food. 
PLEASE REFUND THE $75 THAT I PAID FOR THIS BAD FOOD. HAD I BEEN IN A RESTAURANT, I WOUKD HAVE SENT BACK THE FOOD,They took our order through Ubereats. The driver called and said they were backed up. He said I would have to call. I called about 20 times to only hear that they couldn't cancel my order?? It's late on a Sunday. I've waited for two hours and nothing to show for it. I'd avoid this place like the plague.Let me begin by saying that I try not to give negative reviews.  I'm all about lifting up great businesses.  
My experience at the Original Italian Pie doesn't even warrant a single star. We called and put an order for a few pizzas and salads to be delivered.  We were told it would take 45-60 minutes.  At 90 minutes I called and was put on hold for 10 minutes. When I finally got through they told me that the order was just leaving.  Fine.  When we got to 2 hours and 10 minutes out, I called to cancel. I waited on hold for 5 minutes for them to pick up, and another 20 minutes to get a refund.  about 10 minutes after hanging up the phone, the order arrived. Yes, if you did the math it was almost 3 hours.  When my son looked through the reviews he found several with very similar experiences.  Don't put yourself through it.This place is absolutely horrible. Terrible customer service and I never even got my food because they somehow LOST my order? How does that even happen? The lady on the phone was RUDE and very unprofessional. DO NOT GO TO THIS TRAINWRECK!!!!!!Excellent pie. We all were very impressed. As professional chefs we are hard to please but they crushed it. Dough has some flop. They made it extra cheesy just the way I asked for it. Lost my job this week because of corporate cut backs but when asked they delivered a monumental pizza. Supreme with the meatballs. Extra cheese was on point. I will order again. Soon. Dough was perfect. Toppings were perfect. Way to go y'all. Hard to impress and you impressed us. Sincerely, unemployed. Zzz xJust had my first visit to this place!!! I absolutely love it!! Wings & Pizza were OUTSTANDING!! The BEST!!I've given this place three tries and I'm officially done with it. I'm pretty much going to reiterate what everyone else has already said. The service here is really poor. They're just quick to take orders but they're slow to bring them out. It was over an hour from when I placed my order to when I received it. If you ask them how long the wait is, they'll say they don't know. But I overheard people placing orders and 10 min wait times were given to them. Seems like a convenient way to get orders in and to take money just to make people wait. As others have mentioned this place is extremely overpriced. Definitely try another place because they don't deserve your money.We just stopped in and grabbed (2) large Greek salads. The salad size and flavor was awesome. Also came with really good bread fresh out of the oven. We upgraded one to the "garlic cheese" bread and it was basically like getting a free pizza! Only complaint would be that it took 1 hour and 10 minutes to get our food. Probably just a busy night! Would go back!TASTES GREAT-A BIT PRICEY
Whew! Man we were glad to find a restaurant open late that night after everything closing early. Looking at pictures online, it looked a little bit sketchy but the reviews online were great so we decided to give it a try. 
The manager was super nice in assisting us but when we walked in we knew they were extremely busy so it took a little bit to get our food out. The food tasted great but the prices were pretty steep I think we paid over $50 for two meals and an appetizer. The breadsticks were also a little bland I wish I had some kind of seasoning on them but my pasta was really good. That being said I've had better authentic Italian for a cheaper price.Best pizza I've had in my life! The smell alone was to die for! The crust was inane, on point and delicious. Everything was well seasoned and in good proportion.  They were timely and gave great amounts for the price. We will be back!This is fine food, not Fine dining.
I just got the lasagna with garlic bread  it was excellent. If  you are looking for a fancy place to eat this is not it but if you like great Lasagna and garlic bread this is the place. I hear other items are excellent as well. Unfortunately there was some confusion when I ordered the garlic bread. The sign  says that it's included but it is not. It was well worth the price of two dollars to get it though.
They said they were going to fix the sign.So on March 11 me and my boyfriend came from Jersey to sightsee the only place that was open at the time was here when I say this was the worst food I've had on the whole trip I mean the worst ....my boyfriend is vegan so he asked for spaghetti with NO MEAT just sauce I think they poured the whole jar of sauce and I ordered a pizza it was like a Pizza Hut pizza for 14$ the whole meal was like 50$ with like 3 waters smh NEVER AGAIN I'd stave until the morningSuper disappointing. Ordered from ubereats. $8.99 for a small Mediterranean salad. Salad had no artichoke hearts as advertised, one tomato and three olives. It was tiny. Definitely not worth almost $9.We had it delivered. So I will assume they are following covid regulations. They also had a quick turn around in getting the pizza delivered! Also I am giving 2 stars because I am sure during the pandemic they lost business & maybe tonight was not a good night/or main person was not working 2/26/21. Having said that anyone with review saying this pizza is the best they ever had, never ate pizza. I will be as nice as I can. It was a xl pizza with garlic & sausage. It was too "doughy", lucky if you found sausage in the small over cooked sausage pieces (if it was sausage). Good garlic flavor, although to me, it was the crushed garlic sitting in oil, which added to the greasiness. There was too much cheese (& did not ask for extra cheese, Thank God) Each bite I felt like grease was sliding down my throat! I am a pizza snob growing up in The Bronx, NY. Now living in MS, I would order a Pizza Hut pizza in MS before ordering  from here. You want to know good real Pizza in New Orleans - Go to Pizza Delicious on Piety street!! Then you will have an idea of what good pizza is & they make their own Italian sausage with quality ingredients! Would not recommend this place nor order again. My husband wanted me to add that he would order from here before Pizza Hut in MS.OVERPRICED. 
14" pepperoni pizza, 16pc wings with an extra dipping sauce $50
A 16pc wing order should come with at least 2 dipping sauces, I shouldn't have to order and pay for an additional one especially when they use 2oz ramekins. ESPECIALLY when the wings already cost an arm and a leg. 
Food was good. Decent quality. Hot. Flavorful. Wing sauce (Buffalo/Hot) was delicious and plentiful. Nothing to write home about but certainly not disappointing aside from the stupidly high price. 
Staff at the counter when we arrived (two younger females) were both just rude and disinterested in being there. 
The Manager (older woman that seemed to be running things) made up for it when she sent them home and took over the counter. She was sweet and apologetic and brought me my food after only 30 minutes into what we were told would be a 45 minute wait. 
For the price this place should either have a full staff of very pleasant people able to deliver a high quality product in a reasonable time or MUCH better food with MUCH bigger dipping sauces. 
Someone is making a shit load of money off of this place and their greed and lack of empathy for the guest experience will absolutely keep me from coming back and giving them my money ever again.I wouldn't even give this establishment a1. I had to however in order to post the review.
I placed and order through Uber for a Pizza and chicken wings at approximately 10:45pm and received it at 1:30pm.  After several texts telling me my food was on the way and not receiving it I called the restaurant and was told that the statement that the do their own delivery is incorrect.  To that my response is if you are aware that what incorrect information is posted that will affect your customers then why not correct it. The next call also got me nowhere.  I eventually received a call from the manager telling me that Uber was responsible for the problem because their driver canceled and never informed them so a second driver was never dispatched. She said she had spoken to dispatch and another driver would be picking up my ordering 3 minutes. My response to her was " so I am going to get a cold pizza".  She said no ma'am it will be a fresh hot pizza. After 20 minutes still no pizza and I was staying less than  3 miles from their location. Called again only to have the same manager tell me she remade the pizza and the driver arrived before it was ready that was the delay.  She would call me when the driver left with my order.  When I asked her then why not call and inform me of another glitch her response was "well you said you didn't want cold pizza didn't you". At this point I was just over it.  Eventually pizza arrived... cold as ice... not even room temperature. The chicken wings were somewhat warm but under cooked.  When I called the manager to let her know that there was no way the pizza I received was freshly made she ask me what did I want them to do.  I responded with why did you clearly lie that it was remade. Do not order from this place!  Check their reviews. They have some horrendously horrible ones.  This is the first time I've ever left a review on Yelp. 
The service was so disgusting I felt compelled to.I would give this place 5 starts because the pizza was delicious and the delivery was good once I received my order from the person who I believe is the manager. I had some miss communication with the GrubHub order option here on Yelp. The first delivery person who was supposed to have my order couldn't get through me because the building I was staying in had poor reception and never received a call. I directly called the restaurant to see what was going on but the woman in the other line was very rude and frustrated even after I explained what had happened. They send the order back out and I had to wait outside the building just to make sure I could catch the delivery person otherwise I would've missed them again.Didn't care for this place the past portion was to small for the price you could go to Pizza Hut and get the same size for 5dollers I posed to them and spend 15 or more and the wait time was bad I whent to pick it up so I waited around 30 min before heading down I had to wait on other 30 to 40 min in shop because they weren't done mind you they weren't busy and there calzone was alright nothing to right home aboutOrdered our food 2 hours ago and it still us not been made. Called several times to ask when it would be ready and we were hung up on. Would not get this ever again. I advise you not to order here.This is only my 2nd time ever writing a Yelp review so I definitely felt this is needed. I ordered a Margherita pizza and received what you see in the photo.....
That is NOT a Margherita pizza. Aside from the tomatoes being finely chopped on top, the basil was under the cheese. (????) It was absolutely HORRIBLE. I wish I would've looked at it before walking out but I just wanted to leave.
Especially because as I was getting ready to pay, out walks one of the guys that works in the kitchen with a cigarette in his mouth. I guess he was really ready to smoke! Whether it was lit or not, I felt really uncomfortable seeing that at a restaurant I just ordered food from. Where/who was the manager? I have no clue. 
Never buying anything from this location again. They used to be really good and I was hoping it still was.Customer service sucks. I ordered a pie with italian sausage and other veggies. I got a pizza 15 minutes later with only the veggies. I called and was told basically i was wrong and i could get what i wanted, for A CHARGE 30-45 minutes later. No thanks. IT WAS ALREADY close to $60 with a tip for 2 mediocre pizzas. i know what i ordered. bye! Lots of pizza places in town.We ordered pizza and wings last night! So good! Wish we had them back home! Their Buffalo wings were awesome & we are picky about chicken wings!They were Open.  That in itself was remarkable.  Business hours were   congruent w/ the hours listed here  on Yelp.  On several occasions, the  Hours of operation for this restaurant,  as well as others, have not been accurate in the past. This adds to the challenge when ordering food late at night, as I often do.  I felt like got lucky when ordering food late one night. A big plus, Italian Pie is one of restaurants, Open Late,  usually till 3 AM, (Stopping  @ 2:30AM; every night, except Sun, if not mistaken) It can be diffIcult looking for a restaurant open during the early morning hrs in the City of New Orleans.  You can count on them being open for dine-in, delivery , or pickup late at night.  I've only picked up, each time, the employees have  been kind & pleasant down to nearly last minute of closing. I've discovered that when placing an order  'online -pickup'  The pickup time i was given online was 1hr.  I felt that an could not be accurate considering the 'size' of my order and the 'day/time' I submitted the order, unless they were busy for some unknown reason. I immediately called,  they were prompt to answered and was told 20 mins.  That's a 40 min difference from the time given to me online. They're pizza's and lavash wraps have been consistently excellent.  Oddly, as much as I like pasta , the spaghetti m/b and lasagna, simply did not taste good. I could not eat it. It could be the sauce , the temp when I picked it up, or a combo of both. For me "Pasta / pizza is like sex, even when it's bad, it's still pretty good,"  But for the first time, it simply was not the case.  The garlic cheese bread is really good,. Has tasted fresh, hot, overall very tasty. However, the plain bread sticks do not compare. They were not good. They appeared and tasted similar to what you find at your neighborhood grocery, in the commercial "brown and serve," bread in a plastic bag w/ twist-tie.I know the pizza here ain't great but I was hungry. 2.5 hours after placing my dumb Uber Eats delivery order I get a dusty cold pizza with some kind of growth coming off of the pepperoni. I actually kind of want to vomit.This place may have the best calzone in America. I would have expected that honor to go to a place in Philly or NYC - but nope - this little hole in the wall in NOLA is my clear calzone champ.
If you're looking for a local dive (I mean that affectionately) with great food, this is your place. It ain't pretty, it ain't big, but damn it is good. 
We walked in there at 2:00am after arriving from an extremely late flight. 
Let me say this - the staff were busting their butts getting delivery and take out orders out the door. It's admirable to see folks working that hard, especially that late at night. Good job y'all! I noticed and was impressed.
If you're COVID cautious and want to eat somewhere with distance or nice outdoor seating then this is not your place. Make your order to go and enjoy it in your near by hotel. 
Thanks for a great first meal for our NOLA trip, and for helping a rough travel day end on a high note.Ordered delivery to a hotel.  Took 1 1/2 hours to arrive (and over one hour after being told it had left the store) only to have it dropped at the front desk with no instructions or information. By the time I figured out where it was, it was ice cold.  However, even if warm I doubt it would be been good.... Crust was tough tasteless, definitely didn't taste like fresh made in-house dough.  Roasted garlic was good (but also cold).This place was a hole in the wall with delicious pizza! Recommend if you want some good pizza without a big a wait timeGood pizza! I like how they make there Margarita pizza.
Everytime I'm in town, this will be my go to spot.The people that answer the phone are EXTREMELY RUDE! I ordered via Uber Eats and the food did not come in the promised timeframe, so it sent a message asking if the food was there yet and I selected "Not yet" which prompted me to call the restaurant. I asked the lady if she GM could give me an ETA , she replied "NOPE". I am a local that works near this place and I will share this with ALL my coworkers!worst service ever. i got an alfredo pasta that took an hour to make. the cashier could not even tell me how long my food was going to take. don't go here if your hungryFettuccine AlfredoPlease read Talon Darks review on google reviews after my own.
Firstly, the food is decently good- this is why this place stays afloat.  I ordered through Uber Eats and on the app, it said the restaurant would be delivering the order.  Okay, fine.  I get a strange phone call after placing my order asking for my phone number so the driver can reach me directly, and when I asked who this was, twice I got a muffled reply.  OKAY...end up getting the order delivered through Doordash.  Getting weirder here..
Turns out they missed delivering a caesar salad I ordered.  Called Doordash.  They said I would have to contact Uber Eats because thats where I originally placed the order.  Shows on the Uber Eats app that the order is still being worked on even though its already been delivered.  So I call the restaurant directly.
Someone answers, asks to put me on hold, and I immediately get hung up on.  Call back, get hung up on AGAIN.  Mind you, Im not being rude or speaking in an unreasonable or disrespectful tone.  Finally get someone to take the time to greet me further than being hung up on, only to be placed on hold another two times.  Same guy gets back online and lets me know I will have to go through Grubhub or Doordash to get a refund for my caesar salad even though I repeatedly told him that the order was delivered through Doordash and I ordered through Uber Eats.  I proceeded to tell him that my original Uber Eats order is still showing delivery in progress on the app, so I cannot call customer service.  He was then told by another employee/manager to click that it was ready.  I then clicked order delivered so I could contact Uber Eats customer service to get my refund for this caesar salad.
Response by Uber Eats:  you will need to contact the restaurant as they are the ones who delivered the order.  After telling Uber Eats about my experience, they gave me a refund.
Synopsis:  Im guessing you do this quite often The Italian Pie.  Short change customers on items, and give the runaround on refund so it becomes the responsibilty of the conglomerate of delivery services you work with to produce the refund.  And after reading Talon Darks review, I now know that my Doordash delivery driver did not receive my tip for delivering my food because you pocketed it yourself through your runaround game with these apps, saying you will deliver the food yourself.  This is extremely angering to me because I deliver for Uber Eats myself- we work hard for that money.  How dare you.
Do NOT support this establishment.  They steal from many parties using different techniques.I treat all restaurants with the same respect I would want if I worked there. I would never work here or eat here or even stop by to use the bathroom.  The entire work culture in this place is reflective of a bigger issue with upper level management. The employees steal tips from delivery drivers, curse and argue with one another and customers, and the wait times would suggest a five course meal is being prepared for you but the real jewel is the stereo-typical black girl with an attitude. As if we don't have enough things to deal with, I still have to figure out why she's so annoyed with the people that ultimately pay her salary. Is it too much to ask for a professional approach to doing the job you applied for?  She has a really nasty approach that I'm sure she learned honestly but that's no excuse for bringing it to work.Best pizza I've had and the fact that we delivered and it was still steaming hot and beautifully crispy and cheesy, and the pizza was even better the next day. Thankful for this service. Must go or take out from this establishment, this is the perfect example of a mom and pop shop that sells authenticity and good service!I got into New Orleans late and there were very few restaurants open at 11pm and when I was looking at a food delivery service I noticed this place was only four blocks away so walking there was faster than ordering delivery. The place is a bit rundown but did have indoor tables. I ordered a small Italian original pizza and it was a perfect size for two people. The fact it's open until 2AM is a plus for night owls and travelers.The pizza is amazing let's just start there. But the customer service has gone down over the last three years. It's like each time I go the cashier is someone else that's new and a little more rude than the last person. I went last night and this lady was working the register and people were coming in to pick food up and place orders and you would think as a cashier she'd be ready to work and get these people out of her store but instead she took her sweet time doing everything but helping the people inside the store. One gentleman walked over the the fridge and grabbed a bottle of soda to purchase and she almost lost her mind. "Who told you to grab my drinks?! PUT IT BACK AND WAIT FOR ME TO GIVE IT TO YOU". Ma'am the man was waiting but YOU moving so dang slow he was thirsty. Then when she finally did start helping the customers inside she sent two doordashers outside to get masks because of the mandate which is understandable but she had the audacity to tell these hardworking guys about a mask when hers was just sitting below her chin. Now that's not practicing what you preach lol. Whew! I've been back in Nola for a bout two weeks now and it seems like every place is riddled with rude employees. It's makes the food a little harder to enjoy but nonetheless still good pizza.Easily the worst pizza I've had in New Orleans. Not only did the bread sticks come burnt, they along with the pizza tasted like absolutely nothing. The sauce and the crust tasted like biting at air. My wife actually got mad at me because it was I who insisted on this place and subjected her to this atrocity. Luckily it was Halloween night so she was tired and immediately went to bed or I'd probably still be hearing her telling me for the 20,000th time how nasty this order was.This review is for delivery only, as I've not taken the opportunity to dine in.  How great is it that you can be sitting on your couch at dinner time, see an ad in a magazine for spaghetti and meatballs, a few clicks and 20 minutes later, a styrofoam box full of delicious spaghetti and meatballs appears at your door?!?  That's precisely what happened one night last week thanks to Yelp, UberEats and The Original Italian Pie!  
The spaghetti and meatballs were very good, with just enough sauce, and that warm cheesy garlic bread was awesome!!!I stayed in a hotel that was 0.4 mile away from this location. I ordered a small supreme online and requested that it be well done. I walked to the location and expected to wait since I asked for it to be well done. I got to the location 7 minutes after I placed my order and the pizza was ready when I got there. The pizza was NOT well done and in fact, the dough in the middle was not done at all. The crust was good but I lost about 40% of the pizza because it was not done in the middle. I chose not to send it back because I don't trust returned food. 
Also, the lady at the front was not familiar with the promo on Yelp for a free drink with a review. She called the manager and the manager was confused as well. She eventually honored the coupon but it took too long for her to figure it out and I felt uncomfortable. 
The two stars that I am giving are because the lady at the front was friendly and pleasant. I won't be back.Yumtastic.   
Great pizza place.  They are open late and delicious. 
This is a close walk from many hotels.
The food was great. Husband and I ordered a calzone each. The bread was perfect. The outer bread was crispy like I have never had on a calzone before.
The portions were generous and the price affordable.I ordered food on Uber eats from here & been waiting two hours for the food & I'm only 4 minutes away driving time   I ordered at 11:15 it's currently 1:08 & supposedly my food been in their driver car since 11:40 I'm just not understanding the waitGreat pizza, slight mix up on the delivery with the drinks but they made it right .
Sauce was very good.The food was over priced and the chicken had a plastic and bad after taste.  This was not a chicken parm pasta.   I have not clue what it was.The spinach lasagna was amazing!! I ordered 2 of them and wanted to go home early the next night knowing I had the leftovers waiting for me in my fridge.We are in town visiting and my husband remembered Italian Pie as one of his favorites from when he grew up here. I was willing to give it a try and we decided to get half combo and half eggplant large pizza. I didn't see a specific option for it online so I called the store to see if it could be done. The girl who answered told me they didn't sell half pizzas. Not what I asked. I asked if they could do half and half pizzas. She said she didn't know. Wow. I had to ask her if she would find out. She came back and said they could do a half combo and half eggplant pizza if we could find a way to indicate it online. I thought that was great and proceeded to go to grubhub to order the pizza. Tried to order three different times and I kept getting an error message. Tried doordash. Got error messages on there, as well which leads me to believe it was an error with the restaurant. Finally found the website that lead me to download the app and order my pizza there. Ordered my pizza and wrote in the notes half combo and other half eggplant pizza, and also ordered a king cake which was on the menu. I get a call about 20 minutes later that they are out of king cake and could they give us another dessert. I asked if we could get a refund and was told we would need to call someone else for that. My husband didn't like any of the other desserts and was trying to look at the menu to decide what we could get when someone took the phone from the other person and rudely asked what we wanted. Unable to look at the menu we chose garlic bread which was 3 dollars less than what we were charged for the king cake. I'm already feeling pretty irritated by the whole exchange. Pizza gets here and it's a full combo pizza, no eggplant like we requested. I'm only giving this review 2 stars because the pizza was decent and it arrived quickly. Service was absolutely horrible and 35 dollars is a lot to spend to not get what you ordered.We ordered our food through DoorDash. They forgot our cheesecake (say they will refund us) and sent us burnt bread. The salad was good, the fettuccine was just not great. :/ and the mozzarella sticks were deff old and cold. :( we were super disappointed.I'd like to give a negative star if I could. Long delivery time, called and first told it was in the warmer waiting for driver (45 minutes).  Then told it wasn't even made yet and would do so when the driver gets back,  But received a text saying it was on its way an hour ago.  Then I get a text from the driver that says you'll have to meet me at the curb (I'm in a hotel) and refused to deliver to room.  Then they missed sending another dessert item I ordered and was charged for.  Driver said well, just call Uber eats.  Nothing she could do, no apology.  Got to the room, pizza cold and toppings slid off in one section.  DO NOT ORDER HERE!!  You will regret it.  Read the reviews.  It happens all the time.  Shame on me for giving it a chance.This place absolutely ruined my B-Hole.
Had me praying to a god I didn't even know existed. GOD DAMN. This place is pure evil. I'd still go back just to feel something.
Not for the faint of heart.Ordered several times from you, but every time I have a customized order, it's incorrect 90% of the time. 
It's the "correct" order but it clearly feels like someone wasn't paying attention. Just my experience. Forever thankful for the last night service thoughSuper cute place! we walked up and got sat immediately. Our waiter was Tony and he was so amazing! He gave us tons of recommendations. This place was so amazing I got the bbq shrimp and grits and it was sooo delicious!I only had the peanut butter pie for dessert and that's all but I have to say that was one of the top 5 best pies I have ever had in my life. Absolutely delicious, every single bite. And just the right amount too (not too much to make you sick but enough to make you more than satisfied). 
The homemade praline looks great too but will have that later. Way better deal than the tiny one I got ripped off for on canal street.
Also, they were extremely polite to me and treated me well. I had zero complaints about the service. I also liked the ambience. Like a local pizza joint. It was greatStopped in here for a pizza to go, got the hangover pizza and OMG it was sooooo good! They piled loads of topping on, not like your chain pizza stores that skimp on the toppings. Even the next morning it was amazing and I typically hate cold pizza. People inside were friendly, highly recommended if you want a great home style pizza!Placed looked authentic enough, so we gave it a chance. Wasn't busy which was good! Immediately ordered: two kids pizzas, chicken Alfredo, and a small Caesar salad. As I was getting my ice that was stuck in the machine, through the crack in the kitchen door I saw the guy make my Italian salad with his bare hands. No gloves and no hairnet. Immediately I was taken aback. Then as I said down I saw the other worker come from the back to get a drink, as he too realized the ice was stuck. Stuck his bare hand in the ice shoot and fumbled with it for a few minutes before giving up. Strike two! Then my "chicken Alfredo" made its way to the table. This was strike three. The sauce was watered down, the chicken they used was straight up deli meat. It was the stuff you get from the meat counter at the grocery store!! Same texture and taste. I was like this is it. I ate what was edible but never again.This place probably has the worst service of all time. Don't even bother calling for takeout, it won't come. McDonalds has a more reliable ice cream machine than this delivery service. God speedHits the spot. Got the chicken parm and it was fresh and felt like home. Good postworkout meal and filling too