The music and general noise was so loud that I couldn't hear the servers, despite the restaurant being completely empty. I ordered a falafel bowl and falafel sandwich, and they went ahead and made the bowl before realizing they were out of falafel. I then had to wait for them to fry more falafel, something they should have done as soon as I arrived. When they began making the sandwich, they pulled pita off of a pile of meat. That's how they store the pita they use, it sits on a giant pile of unrefrigerated meat in the open. I'm vegan and asked incredulously if they had just pulled the pita off of the pile of meat. They actually said no, despite me having just seen it happen. Finally, they went back a took a pita from the top that had been resting on other pitas. I reluctantly said that would do, because I had already been there much longer than I had expected and was in a rush. They finally pulled fresh pita out, pita that had never been on a meat pile and used that instead.
Service was slow, even allowing for the time it took to fry the falafel, and while it wasn't actually the worst falafel I've ever had, it wasn't good.My husband and I went about 3 weeks after they opened. We both got combo platters. They were DELICIOUS, and we will definitely be back. They are a tad more expensive than their NYC counterparts and prices could be slightly lower. The sauces are great. I like more red than my husband, but they brought around more white for anyone who wanted it (we both did), which helped balance his hot sauce.After arriving to New Orleans on a late flight I was a little worried nothing was going to be open. I was happy to learn this place is open until 2am. The place seemed clean minus the bathroom. It looked like they were doing some renovations to the bathroom and there was some kind of grey dust everywhere. Besides that, the food was great. I had the regular size combo platter with all toppings and white and hot sauce. The portion was large and it really was satisfying! 
I'd recommend coming here if you want a quick, lite, healthier meal at a very low price.Coming from New York/Boston, my boyfriend and I were pretty excited to stumble upon The Halal Guys on our first day in New Orleans. This location is conveniently located in between many hotels and the French Quarter, offering a high quality, cheap, and convenient meal. 
The menu is simple: chicken and beef gyro options on sandwiches and rice platters. You get some flexibility in additions to tomatoes and lettuce, such as jalapeños, olives, and hummus. We got their regular combo rice platter to share after a night out drinking as well as the next day for an early evening snack. I'd have to say it's great drunk food- hearty and not fried. 
Halal Guys white sauce is top-notch and their hot sauce gives the meal a punch. You can ask for a pack of hot sauce on the side. Definitely be careful with it if you can't handle your spice. A little can already go a long way in my opinion.We ordered sandwiches to go. The chicken sandwich was good but not very flavorful. The gyro sandwich had better flavor and it was a good size. The white sauce is not tatziki sauce which is a bummer. The fries were delicious. Usually carry out fries get mushy but not these fries!I really recomend this place its sooo good i ordered the chicken gyro platter with the white sauce and rice it was too die forWent in excited about a shiny new gyro spot in town, but they let me down. Unlike good gyro spots, they didn't slice the meat fresh. It was laying there in piles. Not surprisingly, my plate of food was pretty stale and uninspired. Did I mention this place is more expensive than the gyro place next door? I might try them again. Hopefully, it'll be better.The spicy hummas is really good, it's got that perfect amount of spice that compliments the Falafel Platter. 
Had a good experience with the service and I'd definitely go back when I'm traveling through New Orleans.It's not bad, not great. Yes, it's all generally bland and I'm not understanding the obsession with the white sauce. However, for something quick and cheap, it's a great alternative anything fried or fast food. 
Tip: the rice is a boring filler and I request all lettuce to make a salad.We were floored to have a Halal Guys right around the corner from our AirBnB.  Had not a few locations open up in the SF Bay Area recently, we probably would have been 500 times more excited.  It seems like the excitement was limited to my siblings and I, as every time we visited the store, it was near empty.  There were always more employees there than customers. Hmm. I guess NOLA hasn't caught on to the wonders that is halal.  But after having 2 meals there (albeit both in a drunken state...which, now that I think about it, should have made the food taste better) this location failed to deliver for us.  For starters, their portions weren't as hefty as those given in NYC or the bay.  Don't be stingy, no ones coming in to eat anyway! The food overall was quite bland, but nothing that white sauce and that fiery hot sauce can't fix.  Lastly, they didn't use the halal equipment there (?!?) Which I found quite weird.  On the bright side, their fries were crunchy and fresh.
This is a hot and new location so I hope they can improve on a few points and also stay open a lot later.  It definitely has the potential to become a late night munchies destination for those partying in the French Quarter.When I saw the menu only had a few options I was surprised. Diffently not quality Mid Eastern food.  Its like fast food but the place was clean,  employees friendly and nicely done. The hummus was awful and the gyro meat was almost like deep-fried ground beef.  It was all just very greasy.  Again its a fast food restaurant. Diffently like the food carts back in NYC. I was expecting better food with it being on st charles ave. And unless you are younger or greasy foods do not bother your stomach then go for it.I first heard of Halal Guys in New York and the over an hour wait for their amazing chicken and rice as well as their gyro sandwiches. I didn't have the pleasure to try the original New York location, but I've gotten to try the Houston location and now in NOLA. I've gone multiple times since it's so convenient and on my way home from work.
I definitely enjoyed the short wait time and delicious food here at the NOLA location. The gyro was delicious and the Combo bowl was good, BUT the chicken is consistently dry here. I would go easy on their HOT sauce. It's deceivingly HOT but very flavorful!
The Halal Guys purists will say that "Nothing beats The Halal Guys in New York City!", but until I try it, I'm still enjoying the Halal guys here in New Orleans. The location is quite small, but there's a good amount of seats considering the location downtown. Service is hit or miss, but I'm usually in and out so no biggie.The classic Halal Guys awesomeness is now available in NOLA. Was lucky enough to catch the soft opening when they were offering a free sandwich or platter to hook us! 
If you've had the NYC version, this hits home. The flavors are rich and what you'd expect from Halal Guys. The portion sizes are the same (frankly they were slightly larger for the soft opening). 
One difference is that this is a brick and mortar location. Expect long lines at lunch that wrap around the building outdoors.
The latest on the Halal Guys move to NOLA here:
http://www.nola.com/dining/index.ssf/2016/04/halal_guys_new_orleans.htmlGreat place! The food was excellently prepared, fresh and delicious. The staff was friendly, inviting and very informative! The restaurant was very clean as well!  I would absolutely recommend this location! Can tell the owner really cares about his place.Don't appreciate the attitude from staff when someone is ordering and spending money with an establishment that is new and fighting for market share. BE NICE, listen to the customer and shake your previous fast food bad work experience!!The food is good, never get tired of coming here,well service,  smiling faces soon as I walk in. Friendly works well spoken. Walked in the dukes nobody greeted me or help me that quick with my menu. Raise them up! Javon did a great jobI ordered through Uber Eats and as a frequent visitor to New Orleans I know it's hard to come by "clean and healthy" food! I was very impressed! I order the Chicken platter. The chicken was great and had tons of flavor. The platter had rice in the bottom so it was easy to separate it and control the portion ( I don't eat a ton of rice) I got the wives on the side and only added a little white sauce. 
Plenty of good to fill me up for the eveningI was so excited that they opened a location in NOLA! I haven't been to the spot in NYC yet, but I do love chicken and rice. 
The service is very quick despite the lunch hour rush. I was lucky to come shortly after they opened around 11am both times that I came. The first time I ordered a small combo platter with just white sauce and the second time I ordered a small chicken platter with white and red sauce. 
I would say that I liked the chicken a lot more. The small was more than enough to fill me up during lunch and the red sauce added heat to the dish, but it was more like a slow burn. The pita that comes with the platter is good since its soft and fluffy. I would prefer it to have more of a crispy texture though. 
This is a good place for a quick bite. The line may be long but things move along pretty quickly. I'm sure it doesn't compare to the location in NYC but it would curb a craving!Not as good as the 53rd St cart in NYC, but was definitely worth sacrificing a NOLA-style meal to get my fix. That hot sauce tho!Got a small combo platter.  It was alright for the time & price.  I guess the best way to describe halal guys is that it is like a subway or chipotle-- but with Mediterranean food.  A bowl was 1/4 rice, 1/4 salad, 1/2 chicken & lamb.  The lamb and chicken was diced in order to fit in those metal bins.  The sauce was really good.  Glad that I said yes when they offered it....We were in New Orleans for only one night. While this isn't traditional New Orleans fare, we were happy we came here. It was only a 2 minute walk from our hotel. 
As soon as we walked in, we were instantly greeted by several of the employees. Everyone was very friendly! 
We both ordered the beef gyro sandwich. They were very good! The sandwiches don't come with any sides, but they are a good size. We were hungry after a day of traveling so we got a few sides ;). We got an order of falafel and baklava. The falafel was alright. Though to be honest, I'm not a falafel fan to begin with. My wife liked it though. The baklava was delicious! It didn't have the same flavor as regular baklava that we are used to, but it was still delicious. We even got one to go. 
I'm not sure why there's been so many negative reviews, maybe they were experiencing growing pains. We enjoyed our meal and the staff was excellent. We looked it up and saw one was opening near our house and are very excited to try it again. Don't listen to the negative reviews, give this place a try for yourself.I ordered delivery via Uber Eats. SO quick! I was impressed there for sure. I thought the food was yummy, the spicy sauce is VERY spicy which i liked. The hummus was fresh tasting. The chicken was good but a little dried out. The veggies were fresh. But one major flaw... they delivered to my hotel without silverware or napkins! I had to eat the chicken platter with my HANDS! No fork, nothing. I'm sure it was a mistake, I would have given four stars if it weren't for that.Not worth it guys, the hype was way better than the food. 
Take my advice.. get your middle eastern food from somewhere else. This place is not worth the $$$.Great Arab food .. Keep it up guys.. For sure I'll be a regular.. Nice to have u finally in New OrleansThe customer service absolutely sucked last night. I asked the associate if she could put my meat on the side since I planned on eating the rest of my platter tomorrow for lunch. She acted like it was too much for her. She said "has anyone done that for you before?" Then she followed with "I'm gonna have to charge you extra if I do that because we charge you for the cups." This sounded crazy to me. Especially since this had been done for me previously with no issues. Then she stated she "well, you won't get the same amount of meat anyway" Then when I asked for extra lettuce and tomato she said "See, that's why I can't do it for you". She reluctantly put my meat on the side. She then asked if I was gonna eat the platter tomorrow. I said yes and she responded with a nasty look and said "That's gonna be nasty" LIKE SOMEONE ASKED HER!! She is literally one of the rudest people i've ever encountered in food service. If I see her there the next time I go i'll just find somewhere else to eat.DO NOT GO! This place gave myself and my 2 friends all food poisoning. Thanks for really putting a damper on our trip. Likely tons of health code violations here. Very gross.I've had Halal Guys in Orlando, NYC & New Orleans-the beef gyro platter in New Orleans is the best including their presentation of the platter itself with variety of salad ingredients!I got a falafel sandwich with everything on it except onions. The tzatziki sauce was strangely peppery to me. The peppers (jalapenos?) used here were so hot I had to pick them out (cool :) ). Fast service late at night.I laid in my hotel room bed on my stomach eating my Halal Guys out of the tin foil like a dog eating out of a bowl. I'm not proud, but I am happy.Was expecting  the food to be like the stands in New York . The place was clean but it seemed to me they where doing a soft opening . Tried to get the gyros sandwich that was 86th all they had was the chicken or falafel. The falafel was ok but lacking flavor. Another thing was that the restrooms where not functional , looked like construction was not finished. 
How can a restaurant legally be open without restroom.Food was good. We ordered a chicken gyro and a beef gyro.  Service was ok. They talk quick and move slower than I am used too. They spit out "hot saice, white sauce, BBQ" so fast and were displeased when I was trying to decipher what they were saying..S'alright, I guess....for fast food Med & Middle Eastern food.  it tastes like it's made by and for white people.  There's really nothing authentic about it.  However, it is a good place for a quick bite to eat; just don't expect anything gourmet.  The seasoning is a bit weak on the chicken (I had a gyro) but the pita was soft and the lettuce and tomato were fresh.  The white sauce works well and helps a little with the lack of seasoning on the meat.  It's nice to have another lunch option in the CBD and I'm sure I'll be back.  I bet it's great after a night of drinking...and I see they're open until midnight soooooooo.Had the combo platter and baclava and it was delicious I truly enjoyed the experience of every taste. The staff and management was truly awesome and amazing!!! This was Grand Opening Day so everything was shaking and hopping!!!! I am definitely looking forward to another visit really soon!!!!!!! Truly a healthy and delicious experience!!!!Overpriced and overcooked. My falafel was so hard, it bent two plastic forks. My girlfriends beef was so greasy she couldn't eat it. Tea was sour. For such a limited menu, it seems like they could specialize and have a handful of stellar options. Not the case. 26$ something for falafel platter, beef platter, 2 drinks, and one extra pita- most of which went into the trash. Staff was friendly but clueless. I had to get extra white sauce to try and choke down the little falafel I did manage to eat. This is NOT the Halal Guys I know from NYC!This was my second newly opened place to visit this weekend and more disappointing in many ways. Because it's a reasonably well known chain, expectations are higher but I thought the pita was a bit dry, and chicken had little flavour. We wanted to order hummus as well but they were out. 
We ate in one of their NY (2nd & 14th St.) locations three weeks ago and the falafel was by far the best I've ever had; creamy, smooth and full of flavour. At the end, a staff member beamed with pride as we told him how much we'd enjoyed it...it was like he was nodding saying 'damn right I know this stuff is good'. We didn't have that experience on St. Charles. It was fine but too dry and not nearly as good.
Sorry Cleo's, we shouldn't have cheated on you. You'll still be our downtown jam for Middle Eastern grub!Parking was easy on sunday.  Seemed like they were well staffed.  Had the regular gyro platter...and it was okay.  The meat was also really small-almost like a ground beef consistancy.
Wife had the regular chicken combo and I could tell from 10 feet that it was bland...and the appearance was just shredded chicken.  That's not schwarma.  And we are in new orleans...season that stuff up!  We are the seasoning Capitol of the world man!
As an NYC native, and a halal guys follower, I am kind of disappointed.  I'll give em another try in a week or two.I am a huge fan of the original Halal Guys in NYC & I was thrilled when I heard we were getting one here. I am sad to see these negative reviews for the Nola franchise. 
First off, halal guys is not meant to be compared to Middle Eastern restaurants such as lebanons or albasha in my opinion. If this is what you're expecting, you won't be happy. 
Secondly, no it is not as good as the original. But I'd say that's to be expected. But it is a great substitute for those of us who can't get the original whenever we please.
I have been here quite a few times  & the staff always remembers me (which is somewhat embarrassing) & always so friendly. Service is always fast & my food has always been fresh. So while no, this isn't the original, I'll say it's a good fix for those of us who live roughly 1,300 miles away from the original!I was pretty excited when I saw that we were getting a Halal Guys franchise in NOLA. I eat at the one on 6th and 53rd whenever I am in NYC - I was actually just there so I have a good basis for comparison. If you've ever been to the ones in NYC, you will not be disappointed. Tastes just like it does in NYC!
This location offers the same simple menu - either a sandwich (on pita) or a bowl with your choice of chicken, gyro or falafel or a combo. They also have hummus, baba ganoush and fries. You can have them put the white sauce and/or hot sauce on your meal, but I highly recommend that you ask for the packets and add as needed. Especially the hot sauce. It is HOT and I am not a wimp when it comes to spicy food.
Service was quick and friendly. The eating area was spacious and they were blasting the AC. A great first day experience - these guys are gonna kill it here in NOLA!I don't get the excitement over this very mediocre overpriced Mediterranean option downtown.  Place looks very nice though very loud.  Service is friendly if you can hear what they're asking you. Food totally underwhelmed.  Got the gyro platter.  Tons of iceberg lettuce, the blandest gyro meat I've ever had, some kind of rice that tasted like nothing (I even wondered if it was yellow cheese), and some chopped tomato.  With fountain drink was over $13 without tip.  Hot sauce was the only flavor I got out of it.  
There are much, much better med options in the CBD.  Cleo's is wonderful and the food court guy in Place St. Charles serves mixed greens and gyro meat is very flavorful for a lot less money.
Sorry, don't get this.  Oh well....I'm from NY so grew up on the halal guys combo platter (extra white, extra hot sauce!). Unfortunately this place doesn't do the ny carts justice. They don't serve lamb, the meat flavor is only so-so and the hot sauce isn't as hot. Personally, I'll be waiting until I'm back in NY before coming back here for my combo cravings.Was so excited for this opening that I ran down to St. Charles to get my first combo plate. Coming in with high expectations were a little bit of a let down once I got my plate. The beef has great flavor but is very greasy and I didnt like how chopped up it was. The chicken was the star, the chicken was so moist and flavorful it was the star of the show. The famed "white sauce" is a little underwhelming though the hot sauce is exceptional, dont overdue it. The pita and saffron rice are excellent. I wish they had the lamb but it may be coming soon I hope. Overall I would be back for the chicken gyro and combo plate, I am staying away from the beef and trying the hummus and other dips when I go back they were out when I went. Ali Baba has a better gyro and white sauce but Halal Guys is still a work in progress.Some good greasy rice with a good amount of meat - chicken or beef -take your pick. The sauce is excellent. The hot sauce is killer - it will literally make you sick if you consume a lot. Just a dab and you'll be heatville. Reasonably priced and always under busy.One star maybe. This is bad middle eastern food. The chicken "sandwich" was absolutely bland - tasteless. Certainly not like chicken shawarma. As a side I got the tahini. Absolutely terrible - one bite and that's all I could take. Had an awful metallic taste.  Do yourself a favor and get lunch at another place downtown- there are a lot of other choices.I have been to the original one in New York and it doesn't compare at all. First all the chicken to me was not cooked well. It was super white and rubbery and wish it was cooked and toasted more. The pita bread was super soggy. Overall it was just bland and nothing compared to the savory bowls from NY that people make 30 minutes or more line for. Side warning the hot sauce here is no joke. If you can not handle heat just avoid it at all cost. My sister doesn't not like spicy at all and made the mistake of adding seriously a little line and couldn't eat her food. She said the heat from the sauce was unbearable. The white sauce on the other hand is a must! To me it's what makes the bowl or wrap complete.I was excited by the prospect of a quick and easy falafel/shwarma spot in the CBD. This place does nothing but disappoint.
A sandwich ($8) is tiny, topped with flavorless white sauce, and devoid of any hummus, baba ganoush, feta, or other accoutrements. A platter, for more than $10, comes with lots of plain rice, iceberg lettuce, and AGAIN, no hummus or baba. In fact, to get falafel or swharma on the same plate with hummus or baba requires a purchase of a $3 "side," making your meal $13 before tax. And trust me, you'll still leave hungry. But thanks for the rice and lettuce.
I'm not sure which is the greater sin: opening a Middle Eastern joint with no understanding that the food is too dry and flavorless without some help from a favorite condiment, or fully understanding this fact and charging an outrageous price for the privilege of eating a proper meal with standard flavors. The owners should be ashamed either way.
The staff, however, were working their tails off, smiling all the while. They provide the only virtue to this sinking ship.Now look, I have literally been to almost every Lebanese, middle-eastern restaurant in New Orleans, and I can tell you that The Halal Guys is leagues below the quality, and taste. It's 10 dollars for a platter of minute rice, (gyro meat, falafel, or chicken), and some iceberg lettuce and diced tomatoes! At least make a salad with lemon olive oil and some olives. The food just tastes poor and just really bad. Now, the only reason I'm giving this business a 3 star rating, is because the customer service, cleanliness, friendliness, and location is exceptional. If you want good Lebanese style food, then go to Lebanon's Cafe, or Byblo's. If you want a cool place to go with a group of friends, then this could be an okay option.Thank you The Halal Guys
Place Clean
Friendly
Organized 
But Ciara was SOOO NICE to me
This is going to be my favorite place in TownEmployees here are great! Best customer service I've seen in a long time. Got a platter for first time. Food was good, relatively healthy. Hot sauce is legit hot even for me who loves spicy food.Staff were so friendly and the food was great!!! Their hot sauce is 'very hot'. Most hot sauces in America aren't very hot....but this one was super hot! Would definitely go there again :)The place had 5 people in it, about 6-7 people on the line. One of the workers asked me if I wanted white or red sauce on my gyro sandwich.....what? Your workers don't even know what ingredients they are putting on the sandwiches, the red sauce is hot sauce and the white sauce is tzatziki sauce. The gyro meat is chopped and not sliced which is stupid, and they keep it warm in a massive mound that is on the flat top.
Finally, I get my food. The gyro sandwich is loaded with lettuce and tomatoes and not very much chopped gyro meat (once again chopping it is stupid and a way for them to give you less meat). I also ordered a side of hummus, it showed up and was a great portion size. The hummus itself was very bland though, and covered in paprika with very little to no other spices. Now, onto the pita bread they served with it, it was wrapped in foil and kept in a steamwell. The bread was soggy and like a limp noodle, once again on a slow night, you can't toast them to order? The meal was absolutely garbage.
The manager, a younger black woman, came to speak with me after seeing the disgust on my face. She was hanging out with people out front joking around my entire meal instead of cutting labor cost or just making sure her employees know whats going on!I told her why I was not satisfied and she offered me a chicken sandwich to go on the house. No thank you I don't want anymore of your garbage food and will not recommend anyone here ever.Yelp is rarely wrong, and they weren't wrong here. I'm vegan, so not a ton of options (see Seed review). I don't think the food here is "vomitous," if that's a word, as at least one other reviewer said-- but it's also not great. The fries were especially bad, too greasy to eat.  The falafel was actually good, the rice was a little bland, and the hummus was by far the star of the meal. Service was a little disorganized, and the worst thing was the price- very over-priced for what I ordered. Close to $20 for fries, falafel platter,hummus, and Diet Coke. I also tried Cleo's, which was much better and also less expensive. Would have been two stars except for the hummus, which was embarrassed to be in the same company as the rest of the food on the platter.Was just there this past Sunday.. Everything from the food to service was great, especially Claire!! Was our first time in New Orleans and vegetation options were limited, we found this little place and decided to try their falafel. Was pleasantly surprised by how delicious the food was (even had homemade hot sauce), and accommodating the service was.. Claire seeing we ordered a meatless dish inquired if we were vegetarians and put our pita bread on foil over the grill (many dont do that unless asked). Would definitely recommend!!Taste exactly like the original in nyc!! Been eating one a week every-time it's been great. Stick with the combination platter with both white and red sauce can't go wrongMy first time having the Halal Guys and I really liked it! I'm going to start with service first because that stood out to me the most. I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door. The young lady that took my order was SO HELPFUL and sweet. She took her time out to explain to me what everything was since it was my first time. She also put extra white sauce for me in my take-out bag so I could add more if I liked. 
So onto the food, I actually didn't hear great things about this place, but I decided to give it a try myself. I really liked it, I got the combo chicken + gyro regular sized plate. The meat was delish and the lettuce was fresh and crisp. I was expecting more from the white sauce since that's kind of their thing, but it was okay, nothing too crazy. Their baklava was good, oh boy do I love baklava. I had to get it. This place seems like it's a great lunch spot to either chill and eat or grab-n-go. I still have a little more than half leftover, it was so filling! I also love that they stay open late. I definitely will be returning!!Very unauthentic and disappointing.  The chicken is dry and the white sauce tastes different.  The only good thing is that you can get a meal under $10 and its always empty so you won't have to worry about finding a seat.  Nothing like NY.Great new Greek restaurant downtown. Great customer service and the food quality is great. Also very conveniently located near downtown and right off the streetcar line.Location is very convenient in CBD near the Hilton. Food is just OK as they fill up the container with a lot of iceberg lettuce.Im from NY and i love love love halal food...was so excited that it finally came down here....But i was so disappointed the rice was hard and the seasoning was nothing like ny halal food over priced for no reason...I definitely won't  be coming back to this place...can wait to go back home and have the real halal food. I only rated with one star because i had to but this place should have no starsHad the falafel wrap and fries. Really yummy after a night on Bourbon Street. 
Actually hit this place twice since there are very few vegetarian/vegan places to eat at late at night. ;)I like Halal Guys for their convenience.
If you're trying to go low carb, their combo platter (chicken & beef) with no rice extra salad does it. Stay light on the white sauce and don't forget to add the olives.Overpriced and dry.  I ordered a vegetarian falaffel sandwich.  Waited in line for 20 minutes in the heat.  Get inside and start going through the cafeteria style ordering process.  If you are vegetarian - DO NOT GO HERE.  They lay the wraps right underneath their meats and cook them on the same grill - they will NOT clean it first or change gloves.  I asked for "everything vegetarian", which was basically lettuce and onions.  They added the yogurt sauce, but it was still very dry.  I had a tough time eating my sandwich because of how dry it was.  I got a drink to go with it, which was fine.
Perhaps this worked great as a food truck, but I expect more out of a restaurant.  There are no servers/people to ask questions to.  Because it was so busy, you cant go up to a worker and ask for more sauce or even napkins.  
The staff seem very perturbed to be working there.  It is obviously hot and very busy.  Two girls started yelling at each other behind the counter.  The manager watched it and didnt care either.  Guess it happens often enough.I seriously can't say enough about this restaurant. I go every time I am in New York without fail and for years that was the only way to get my fix. When I found out Halal guys was coming to NOLA,  I was ridiculously excited. I went and my very high New York standards were met! I see no difference between this restaurant and the carts in New York. I have gone twice and both times the food and service were on point. Thank you for opening in Nola and see y'all soon!This place is horrible when it comes their African American employees! They hired a brand new staff which were all Caucasian and the black workers hrs were cut!!! They closed down 2 locations without notice leaving more than a dozen black workers without a job!!! This company is very racist and I'm upset that I wasted my time working here... DONT SPEND YOUR MONEY HEREDon't waste your money. Worst gyro meat I've ever had. There's too many other good restaurants in downtown New Orleans to be wasting your precious appetite here. If you want Mediterranean look up Clio's, it's not a far walk from here and the food is far far superior and much more authentic. I'm only giving two stars because the staff was really nice!Great customer service, food was delicious. I got a small chicken platter, it was very filling. The white sauce is really good. Kinda like a low fat ranch sauce. Be careful on the hot sauce. It's really hot. They usually add just a little, unless you specify otherwise.Was in the area and needed a quick bite.  I had the chicken sandwich with lettuce tomatoes hummus and cucumbers.  At the last minute I had them put the white sauce on (probably didn't need it).  The portions were a descent size Service was quick and efficient.  It's a good place to grab a bite on the run.  
I would probably come back when I was in the area if you wanted something different.This place is the worst.   Paid 11, received terrible service and didn't even get all my food.  I waited over 20 minutes to get my food, and STILL didn't even get all of it.  She said if I wait around she'll bring it to me.  I saw the food done but she was too busy talking to her friends.   I'll be calling a manger in the morning.It's about time we got a Halal Guys. When I studied in New York, they were a staple for me. This brick and mortar location wax nostalgic about my times at 53rd & 6th Avenue. Same great food right here in New Orleans!  The white sauce is great. The red sauce is amazing. It's like the ying and yang in perfect harmony.As a follow up to my last review... I got a REALLY nice response and offer to set things right from Logan, the owner. I haven't tried it again (once bitten and all), but the response by the owner was appropriate and much appreciated!!I dropped into Hahal Guys and was absolutely delighted. The manager Kitty greeted us with a huge smile and and laughed at my ridiculous jokes, which was so unnecessary but so sweet. The food here is great. I had their gyros sandwich and the meat is fresh and seasoned well and the sauces were delicious. I will be back... probably sooner than later.For starters, I love Middle Eastern food and I'm always looking for some of the best. I've been to this Halal Guys three times. The first time I was in-Love. The second time there was something a little off. The third time sealed the deal for me, this location is dead to me forever. I'm not sure what it was, but the food just wasn't as great to me as that first time. Everything is greasy and the white sauce should always be served on the side, unless you like your food swimming in it. Also, forget going late unless you like your food from piles of meat that have been sitting out for a while, or you like pita bread that's been sitting on that pile of meat! 2-stars for service, the staff has always been friendly. 1-star otherwise. So, I went and checked the location on Freret St...I liked the falafel platter. The hot sauce is really hot, so best to ask for it on the side.This place really came through!  I placed an order on seamless.com at 12:18pm today for a lunch delivery. Our order tracker said we would have our food between 12:47-12:57pm.  At 12:55pm, I refreshed the order tracking, only to have it say that our new delivery time was 1:40-1:50pm.  WHAT?!?  I called the restaurant completely prepared to have it out, only to find out from Kitty that our order was ready, but they were waiting on a seamless driver.  I offered to come pick up the food at this point, and she was going to try and cancel the driver with seamless.
I am about to walk out the door to head to the restaurant when my phone rings - it's Kitty from Halal Guys stating that while we were on the phone the driver came in to pick up the food, but forgot our sauces, napkins, and silverware because he was irate that he received a parking ticket.  She offered to meet halfway between them and us to give us the missing items, and I agreed and went to meet her.
When I got back, our order still wasn't here.  I called Kitty at Halal and asked what happened, and she said when she got back to the restaurant from meeting me, that a 2nd driver from seamless had shown up asking about our order.  This was madness I tell you!
I hang up with Kitty only to have Seamless call me to ask if I received my order?  NO!  The woman on the phone said her driver claimed to go pick it up and was told that another driver had taken the food, so this driver didn't have it.  WTH?  The seamless customer service was going to call Halal Guys and see what happened.  I hung up with her, and called Kitty back to explain what happened, and she told me that they were going to completely remake our order and meet me to give it to me, since we obviously couldn't trust seamless to get it right.
Finally at 1:40pm, I was back at the office about to eat lunch, but what an ordeal.  I used seamless.com in NYC for 10 years, and never had it fail me like it did today.   Like I said, Halal guys really came through, and a special shout-out to Kitty for everything!!Halal Guys in the BCD!!  We got in late and most of the restaurants around our hotel were turning us away.  However, Halal Guys were open.  So we dodged the street cleaning crews, climbed over piles of dirt, debris and beads to make our way in for combo plates, falafels and hummus.  Love the white sauce - and for those with a more sensitive palate - watch the red sauce (it's got some heat).  
Great late and night for watching uber drunk people shove food in their faces before stumbling back out into the night with their box of wine.This is about as bad as it gets. The faux / fake Mediterranean food is quite horrendous. They have a pile of chicken meat just laying on the grill and believe me that chicken tastes atrocious. The rice that came with my platter had turned into rock solid fossils as if they sat in the warmer for ages. The chicken had an aroma to it which screamed undercooked / old. The sandwich wrap had minimum amount of meat (thankfully) and was just as bad. 
Don't get me wrong, the folks who never had a good Mediterranean meal love this spot. Why? Because they don't know any better. Avoid this death trap.Nothing like NYC. Low quality, less quantity, rude staff, way more expensive.. it's a rip off people. Better gyro places in the city!!! So disappointed!I really wanted falafel for dinner and saw this corner restaurant near my hotel.  I set my expectations fairly low and this place still disappointed.  (If they have a place in NYC like I've heard, they won't last very long with their dry as saw dust falafel patties.)  I saw the manager reach into the freezer to pull them out with his bare hands and drop them into the deep fryer. Blecch.  The rice was dry, the pita bread was 3 small micro slices, the salad was a few diced pieces of tomato and some plain iceberg lettuce.  The salad dressing listed egg as an ingredient so this vegan went without.  The hot sauce was inedible.  The only reason I didn't give them one star was that the two fellows were polite and said thank you.  Sorry, no more Halal Guys @10.95 for mediocrity for me.The gyros substitute and baba ghoush was absolutely gross.  NO FLAVOR.  It was like eating cardboard inside of a cardboard wrap with eggplant mosh cardboard on the side.  
They are going to close soon with this as their product.This has to be one of the best gyro spots in new orleans. I go in twice a week and always greeted with a smile and a welcoming feel.   Javon helps me the majority of the time I visit and she always smiles and greets you as you enter the store with fast servic. Really great place to visit in new orleansThe Halal Chicken was good, but I'd rather the hot sauce and white sauce already mixed all in the chicken and rice. I still love the street vendors in New York. I'm sorry, but they are amazing. This was the closest thing to NYC.I normally frequent the spot in nyc and the one in east Brunswick, nj. This place doesn't quite match the original spot in nyc, but comes pretty close. They ended up replacing lamb with beef, but it's still a decent, cheap place to eat for a good amount of food. But as always, make sure to get the platter and drench it with the white sauce (and some red sauce if you can handle the intense spice).I tried Halal Guys for the first time at this location. The staff was super friendly and helpful, but the food was a bit lacking. The gyro meat was wayyy too greasy, (and this is coming from someone who enjoys gyros) and thus took over the whole dish with its greasiness. It wasn't the worse meal I've ever eaten, but the grease definitely took away from the taste of the other ingredients. The only strong points were the cold lettuce and tomatoes that provided a nice contrast to the hot rice and meat. Overall, it was better than Chipotle but still not tasty enough to buy again.Worse "Mediterranean" food ever! Giving it two stars because the employees were friendly, but otherwise... don't do it. 
Ordered the small chicken plate and I got this shredded chicken get up that had NO MEDITERRANEAN seasonings, iceberg lettuce and this hard yellowish/orangish rice with a "white sauce" as they referred to it. I literally have no clue what's the ingredients were of the "white sauce".
Anyways, I sat down, dug in and was disappointed from first bite. I mustered through because I was starving, but only ate have the portion and the rest went in the trash. 
The gentleman said they are opening a location in Baton Rouge and I SERIOUSLY doubt they'll do well considering their stiffest competition will be authentic places like Serops (which I love) and Arzi's. 
But don't do it! 
Keep your money right in your purse or wallet.I was very excited to try this place after hearing about it....but it was completely overrated and overpriced. The gyro is mushy and the flavor is bland. The white sauce is average. The chicken is dry and bland. The store is clean and the salad ( lettuce and tomatoe) was fresh which is good. I don't think I'll be going back. It's sad really....I was looking for something healthy. Saw this place during my walk. The good is they are fast if you're in a rush. The staff was also nice. Unfortunately the taste isn't that great. Rice and chicken was bland. White sauce gave it more flavor but the meal was not worth the money. I got a chicken plate more than half was lettuce and tomatoes a small scoop of rice & topped off with dry chicken. The hot sauce was super hot. Good if you can take the heat. Needless to say I won't be back.Disgusting food, tasteless, bland and poor quality meat. I had the chicken pita and it was so disgusting i only at a few bites before throwing it out even though I was starving. If you want good Middle eastern food go to cleos, unfortunately they don't deliver but they are open 24/7 and their food is delicious and much higher quality than this place...Berry soft and warm pita with some well flavored meat pulled high on top of all the fixings. Hot sauce is hot , recommend telling them to go light. White sauce is good. Nice people and quick bite.Customer service was awful, they don't pay attention to orders and my food was cold when I got it. I asked for garlic sauce and the girl had no idea what sauces she has. I asked to put everything on my gyros, got only tomatoes and lettuce... nice Awful place, not going back.I stumbled upon this place while walking down the street during the Mardi Gras parade. The location is clean and the staff were friendly, however, it was busy as you can imagine with Mardi Gras going on. This was my first time at restaurant like this, but it was great. If you're a fan of gyro and chicken, then this place would be great for you. Presentation needs very slight work, but overall it was a good experience. A must if you're in the area and are looking to try something new. I would rate 4.5 if I could.Worst service EVER, waited over 90 minutes for a delivery only to find out later they had no driver after they confirmed delivery. Unacceptable! As my family munches on convenience store burgers because we can't get anything else and we are starving, we thank you for being the worst business in New Orleans!Combo beef and chicken sandwich. $8 plus tax. Large portion, salty, enough flavor. Jalapeños and hot sauce synergized this into a spicy bomb! Beware both the peppers and sauce are real hot, it will torch and takeover the dish and you start losing taste buds. Fast food that's quickOverhyped. Streamlined operation, clean facilities, but the food is just not good enough for me to go back. I'll stick with Felipe's if I want a cheap meat and rice plate.Disclaimer - take out only review
A new franchise spreads its wings in New Orleans.  This one is based on the NYC street cart turned success story that is Halal Guys and is now bringing their simple Mediterranean menu to the CBD.  The location is kind of annoying for a non-CBD worker - tucked right next to Place St. Charles on a corner but without any means of parking.  I stopped by and picked up an order for my wife and I - large combo platter for me and gyro sandwich for her.  The sandwich was large for the size and - judging by the fact that it was 80% gone in the space of a 10 minute car ride - tasted right.  Same for the regular platter - which I could not finish even though a little too much space was occupied by iceberg lettuce.  The meat itself was very good although it was the rice that impressed me most, a tumeric/cumic yellow that is delicious.  However the star of the show were the sauces - both the white and fiery red sauce (use with caution) really brought out the flavors of the chicken in particular.  I would have liked more red so get some to-go packets if you are taking out like me.  Overall I am pleased and enjoy this addition to the fast-casual dining scene - hopefully we get the promised uptown location soon as parking woes will make this location a rare treat.Don't think the Halal Guys have ever tried Mediterranean food. No flavor on anything I tried and extremely bland. Food was inedible. Had to go elsewhere for dinner after.Went back to try the chicken gyro and the hummus which is the best thing on the menu. Though the chicken is still better than the beef it doesnt really excite me, the hummus comes in a nice size container for $3 and its excellent with a nice course ground. The hot sauce is about the most flavorful thing they have other than the hummus, the "white sauce" which I thought was going to be more along the lines of a tzaziki sauce tasted like an underwhelming mayo sauce. I was really looking forward to this place but Ali Baba does everything they do way better except taking credit cards. Dont know if I will be back until they get some lamb.Flavorful and delicious - we got two orders, one of the chicken and the other with beef gyro. The "regular" size is huge for its price which is great! Definitely packed with flavor with the meats, rice and other supplement ingredients that you can choose. The white sauce and hot sauce is to die for and amazing pairing with the dish.
Water rating: N/A
Food: five stars
Service: five stars, fast deliveryThis place is located pretty far from where I am stay, but I thought I would give this a place a try. I usually get chicken at any Mediterranean place I eat at because I don't care to branch out. When I first walked into the joint the employee greeted us with a big smile. This place is a build your own bowl/sandwich type of place. I ordered a chicken bowl which is served with salad and rice. I got jalapeños and onions on mine as well. They topped it off with this white sauce. Not sure what it was, but it was pretty good. I got a side of hot sauce with my bowl. They warn you to only put a little hot sauce in your food because it's really hot. They were definitely right! I put less than a teaspoon of the hot sauce and my mouth was on fire. It's not really a hot sauce, it's more comparable to chili paste. It was thick and had a really hot taste to it. The chicken looked dried, but when I mixed everything together it made the chicken have some juice to it. The portion could've been a little bigger in my opinion, but it was definitely worth trying! I will most likely be back!Super yummy!! Javohn was amazingly warm and courteous. Food came out fast and hot & very reasonably priced. Really close to our hotel, clean, inviting & big open space. Highly recommend!Seriously the worst gyro ever... ten people working in the place.. everything was already closed up even though they are open for two more hours. Authentic my ass...  tasted like a crappy taco in a pitaAn embarrassing representation of really good food. Let's start with the menu: 1) there are 2 meats 2) there are 4 side dishes. If you are a restaurant that only does gyro (no it's not lamb) chicken & falafel, there is no excuse for sucking at it.  When you order a gyro, it's supposed to be freshly sliced off the dripping cone of delicious spinning meat, not taken out of a container like they do at Subway.  The tahini sauce was a joke, and the hummus tasted like the Sabra brand you buy in the store, only that it had been sitting out for 12 hours.   Onto the falafel: pathetically small, and made me use up any saliva I had left to eat it. Traditionally, and I mean EVERYWHERE ELSE BUT HERE, falafels come with Israeli salad inside and tahini sauce. These fine folks decided iceberg lettuce and chopped tomatoes would be an excellent replacement. Classic ignorance and laziness. Do yourself a favor and never go here! Go to Kosher Cajun Deli and get a proper falafel.  On the plus side they have pelegrino, which was awesome!This place is DELICIOUS with prices that don't break the bank!
We came in for a late night snack, and I had a gyro sandwich with white and hot sauce. So yummy!Saw the Halal Guys as we walked down canal street. Got so excited and sure enough it's the same guys from NYC. Had a combo with beef and falafel and everything was on-point. Made our night! Next time we are in NOLA this is a must!Cheaply done / expensively price. 
- The rotisserie looked unused. When ordering my gyro sandwich, some greasy, ground meat looking concoction was scooped out of subway style tray. 
- The subway style tray of meat and dressings are hidden behind a stainless steel hood so the customer cannot really see the options. Poor design. Poor optics.
- Pita is generally an important part of the equation for these type places, but it is definitely not a feature here.
- Maybe it was because I had the hot sauce on it, but the Gyro sandwich tasted like a Gordita from Taco Bell... not a bad thing I guess, except this Gordita costs $8 without drink or sides. 
- Did I mention overpriced? The only thing that seems to validate their high price is the rent that they pay for a St. Charles location. The ingredients are not exactly premium. This is not the Middle Eastern version of Chipotle or Blaze.
- They will probably make a lot of money due to being a different option for a busy lunch crowd in the CBD, but the execution across the board is not there.Got really sick after eating the beef gyros while waiting for Bacchus,,it was out too long 
or not cooked properly...STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE OR GET VERY ILL!!!!I had the chicken sandwich with barbeque sauce and all the trimmings. It was delicious. Could have had a second one but opted to grab the humus and bread for take away. Best humus iv had in a while.I ordered a regular plate with gyro. I got very salty beef grounded with lettuce, tomatoes, and tasteless rice. I paid 10$ for a small size meal. It was below my expectation. Meat was greasy and didn't tat good. 3 peices of triangle shape soggy pitta bread. I think they could do better! Staff was nice and respectful, but good was over rated.This will be my third time ever going to a Halal Guys, but my second time at this location. The service is not as good as a few weeks back, the food was put together a lot better though. One thing I'd like to note is, I am well aware of how hot the hot sauce is. I eat very spicy, I see the hesitation when I say fire away, but momma ain't raise no bitch, I eat really hot. Had to add hot sauce when I got home. Just keep firing away, please. I mean other than that, my experience wasn't bad.I got the combo platter (chicken and beef) and it was so yummy! I chose the white sauce and hot sauce and it made the platter so tasteful! Although the hot sauce is actually more spicy than expected, it lingers on your tongue. So if you can't handle your spices, I wouldn't recommend adding this to your platter.
The service was great and fast. The workers were so friendly and answered all my questions. I enjoyed my first experience here :)It was OK, the food was not fresh and just didn't hit the spot like the cart in NYC. It'll satisfy your craving until you make it back to the original in NYC :)Decided to try them for lunch today! I work close to this location and have heard good things about the franchise, so I was excited to have another gyro option. The people who work there are friendly, no issues with the service but the food was mediocre at best. The gyro had next to no flavor and the options to put on your sandwich are  not much! The tzatziki sauce was bland. Sandwich was sloppy! There was a lack in flavor all around. The only good thing was the pita, but it also could have been more toasted. 
For some great gyro, you are much better at going to the place in the 201 st Charles building! It's on the 2nd floor. Less expensive and tastes WAY WAY BETTER. 
The Halal Guys left me feeling quite unsatisfied.prepackaged sauces, sulfite drenched lettuce (it tastes worse than Burger King or McDonald'slLettuce), ground up gyro meat, extra cost for onions on a gyro all for food that tastes...meh. Don't waste your money.I ordered the gyro wrap with the famous white sauce and enjoyed it immensely.  Thanks for proving the taste that I have learned to love and crave.I tried several seafood places in NOLA and I came across this place on the last night of my stay. The food is good for the price and above all, their good portions are made for GROWN-UPS!!!Great new add to the nola food restaurants. Had this back in ny a few months ago. The taste is all the same but their quality is great.We found this place while on the parade route. The best gyro my husband ever ate. Nice, clean atmosphere. The staff, Stephanie & Sam were phenomenal. Super friendly and welcoming. A++the first time i ate here i ordered my food and i promptly went to my favorite seat in the house. the turlit. i like the turlit here cause its very high off the ground. high enough to let my legs swing to and fro without touching the ground. i feel like i did when i was just a wee young lad. no responsibilities. just me and mah turlit. i used to live on that thing. oh to go back in time. eating mah sandies on da turlit. what a simpler time.
8/10 would eat here againThe gyro is beef, not lamb, which seems weird to me.  The beef is crumbled and crispy which was, in fairness, quite yummy.  The white sauce is lacking as far as most tzatziki I've had.  I also had the baba ghanoush which was average at best, kind of a strange texture.Good, not great.  Service was friendly.  Food is too processed - not like what I remember on the street in NYC.No thanks, New York carpetbaggers. New Orleans has been doing better Middle Eastern for decades, and at a better value. For starters: Mona's. Maybe the owners think that by securing a prime location, they can capture a captive underpaid lawyer and bank teller clientele that will compromise on service and value. My second experience at Halal Guy's was similar enough to the first that I'll never return. First off, the staff were too busy talking among themselves to greet me as a customer. I order a falafel combo plate. I'm informed that there's a five minute wait for falafel. Okay. Then the way men just disappears into the kitchen and doesn't return. Am I supposed to just wait? Were there combo options available to me that I need to clarify? Can I have a drink while I wait? Should I sit down or stand at the counter? Who knows? To his credit, another staff member asks if I need help, and completes my order(and he was commendably very thorough with the menu options) offering to bring it to my table when it's ready. He talks very fast, so I have to ask him to repeat him of a couple of times.- or was it the loud music and conversation bouncing off of the hard surfaces auditory hell of the restaurant interior which impaired my ability to hear? Who l I'm waiting, I decide to wash my hands. Bathrooms say a lot about how a place is managed. The back hall maze to the bathrooms was unfinished and full of dust. The bathroom paper towels were the off the dispenser, sitting in a big roll on the counter, and all surfaces in the bathroom needed a good scrubbing and sanitizing. Returning to the restaurant, I see that my order is ready: 4 small falafel balls (and I do mean miniscule), about two tablespoons of yellow rice, 3 triangles of pita bread (about a quarter of a round), and iceberg salad covering half of the bowl. It's a barely acceptable meal for anything larger than a mouse. Maybe I should have ordered the large if the menu explained the difference, order-taker took the time to engage. Oh - and an energy-intensive aluminum "bowl" which isn't recycled and ends up as landfill is completely unacceptable. No thank you. I'll stick to Mona's.I love this place! I've been to the original in NY and really enjoyed my stop here in New Orleans. I would highly recommend this place to anyone missing a taste from home. Luis was great!I wish we would have found this place on our first day here. Reminded me of street food in NY.We came while visiting NOLA.  Delicious food and servers were amazingly helpful, and full of smiles. We will definitely come back next time we are in town! Thanks!Not sure why everyone is bitching about Halal Guys on here. Nola is lucky that they put a location in. If you like halal chicken and rice, then get over there and don't pay attention to these whiny ass reviews. Order a combo platter and ask for extra white sauce and pita. Just look at this picture and tell me you don't want to eat there.Quick, tasty, and relatively inexpensive for lunch in the CBD. Basically everything I'm looking for in a lunch spot during the work week. Staff was friendly and food was delicious.They say they are "delicious and tasty" well....the food taste GREAT! It was so good we had to look up where it came from. You can taste the New York flavor.So excited to have this place here in New Orleans! First time I had it, was of course in the famous NYC of the famous food carts. 53rd and 6th to be exact--no where else! You pretty much had to have it every night you were there, haha. 
Walking into New Orleans's The Halal Guys (it's a very casual restaurant-y place-not food cart), everyone was super friendly and excited to serve us. Small combo platter (gyro and chicken) was about $8 and regular sized platter was like $9 I think. Regular combo platter is the way to go. And of course EXTRA EXTRA white sauce. You seriously can't have too much of that white sauce.  Soooo good. Oh--and the hot sauce. If you like spicy, you need it in your life. Ask for a couple extra hot sauce packets to go too.. The food was good--not the NYC 53rd and 6th good, but I was extremely satisfied with our meal. My husband and I shared one platter and we inhaled it so fast we wanted another. Overall, We were very pleased and will definitely come back for more!If you're hungry and need a pick-me-up after a night of (binge) drinking, this will hit the spot and your body will thank you tomorrow. This place was the same as what we have in Seattle. Convenient, filling and tastes pretty good (sober or not). Came here around 1:00AM since it was near our hotel. Depending on when you go after midnight, there could be a line out the door and nowhere to sit inside. I recommend telling them you want a small container vs a regular container because size goes a long way here.Pretty good place and it's open late.  My husband got the bowl with beef and I got the bowl with chicken.  The meet had pretty good flavor.  I would suggest getting the red sauce on the side unless you have tried it before because it is extremely spicy.  Not a bad price for the amount of food you get either.  Although when I saw someone later and they saw my take out bag they said that this place was good but cafe Istanbul was better, if I have time on this trip I might try to make my way over there.This is a very tasty place. Very simple. Just like those carts in mid town Manhattan. I had the small chicken plate and my only advice would be to not put that hot sauce on your food IF you don't like things really hot. It is good hot sauce though. I dipped my fork slightly and then mixed it with an extra container of that awesome white sauce and slight had some kick to it. 
Manager and employees were super cool and friendly. Good quick bite in the CBD.First time here....i always see this place...so I stop by to check them out....the food was great inn at the gyro beef....PLUS THEY DON'T SERVE NO PORK AWESOMEHad the combo chicken and meat gyro. Wow! Walking the streets of NOLA, eating my gyro wrap and for a second thought I was in Oslo, this was where I had had some of the best Halal Street food until the other day.The Halal Guys is a simple place that is simply good.  Having eating at the original food carts in NYC, the New Orleans location may take the food indoors but the flavors stay the same.  I can't get enough of the combo plate topped with plenty white sauce and some red sauce to add some zing to the plate.
The place is quick and easy, just wished they had easier parking around the place because I would be some home for dinner more often.Amazing! We had a beef gyro with white sauce and a combo platter with their beef and chicken. Sooo good! Their chicken is REALLY yummy!I got the falafel platter, and the best way you could possibly describe it was mediocre. Falafels were dry and not flavorful at all. The rest of the plate was filled with cheap ingredients that were not very tasty - mediocre rice, iceberg lettuce, etc. I can't speak to the meat options - maybe those are way better.
Guys serving the food were perfectly nice, nothing against them. But it would be fair to say I regret eating here, even though I was really hungry. McDonalds would have been a better choice, even as a vegetarian.My boyfriend and I were visiting NOLA and stumbled upon this place. As soon as we walked in we were greeted cheerfully by the staff. The menu is easy, one or the other, and small or regular sized with different options of sides to choose from. We both had the platter and each of the items on the plate we greatly portioned. Ingredients looked and tasted fresh. The white sauce isn't spicy but the red sauce is but my boyfriend decided to try a little. After we paid, a small price for the ample amount of food, we started to chow down. Midway through my boyfriend couldn't handle the sauce so he ask the staff if he could have more white sauce to balance out the taste. The staff even asked to remake the plate but after the white sauce was added it was the perfect balance.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants quick and awesome service in the French Quarter just a few blocks away from Bourbon St. 
You're welcome.It's really really good unbelievable specially the hot sauce which I love 
 like it so much we going there again todayI keep searching for something wrong but there isn't. I got the small platter which included chicken and beef, rice, lettuce, tomatoes, pita bread, and the white sauce (I declined the hot sauce). This is pretty amazing. I have leftovers and I'm eating them now. #SecondLunchMy first time eating at Halal Guys. I was warned that the hot sauce is VERY HOT, and it definitely was so I asked for more white sauce than hot. I got the small chicken bowl and couldn't even finish it because of the spice but it was still DELICIOUS.Meh...not good, not bad, just average. I had the beef platter. The falafel is from a package as is everything else. The most flavorful items were the rice and the hot sauce. Now when they say hot sauce they mean HOT. A little goes a long way and as a gal from Texas I can handle heat. Overall it wasn't bad when you are hungry and need something quick.I love Halal Guys in NYC, the original food cart. I love the Halal Guys in Las Vegas. So when I saw that they had a location in NoLa I was super excited! 
I don't really know if the food quality is different from the others, I douse my combo platter with so much white sauce and a little squirt of red sauce (caution: use SPARINGLY!) that they all taste good! 
I did order it online through yelp because I wanted to jump out of the Lyft and grab it and jump back into my Lyft, but when I got there my order wasn't ready, they said they never got it, so I had to show them my email and they had to make it and I had to wait. Luckily it doesn't take long but my Lyft driver wasn't thrilled. After I got my bag they said "oh wow there are a few orders that came in online"-they never pulled them out of the queue!!
In a city full of flavor, it was great to get me some Halal Guys in between the creole indulgences!10-21 stopped in for a late lunch. Lamb gyro platter and a small chicken platter . The gyro meat looked dark and old, but it tasted flavorful and savory- YUM. The chicken platter was similarly good and it was the small size. The portions were large and my wife and I  both had leftovers. Service was friendly, expedient and the store is conveniently located right down the road. Great value!Very mediocre food, this was the consensus among three guys and only one of us was mediterranean. I was very excited to try this place since I heard about them expanding from new york and was very disappointed!Wow. The only late night food in the city NOT on bourbon street on NYE and they handled it like champs. Food was excellent, restaurant was clean, and staff was extremely friendly. The line was out the door but the staff food prepping was fast and polite. The man working the register was cracking jokes with customers and another staff member was walking around making sure everyone had what they needed. Would highly recommend this spot for lunch, dinner, or a late night snack. Thanks for helping us survive New Years!BLAND.  Do not go here expecting a gyro.  The weird sauce on this is not tzatziki sauce.  The meat was also very bland.  They should be ashamed to call this a gyro.The halal guys is one of the newest food spots downtown.  They have sandwiches or the platter.  I always get the combo platter because I'm greedy!  They give a lot of food for what you pay.  The gyro and chicken taste real good.  Just make sure to get the white sauce and just a dab of the red sauce or none of the red if you can't handle spice.  Just don't ask for extra red sauce, you're going to regret it, I guarantee it!
Great service cheap prices and pretty decent food for 9-10 bucks.  The only thing that I think is lacking is variety but then again it's based on the food truck in NYC so I guess that's ok.Always love Halal guys. First had it in NYC, then San Francisco, DC and MD. The flavor is consistent!!! White sauce always, always delicious!!! Great addition to NOLA! Brought my little nieces and they enjoyed!!! Rated 4 because some of the rice was crunchy or old, but overall still delicious.Just like the typical 'halal guys' outlet is. Large portions and filling food. Best of all cheap after a late night party binge on the bo. street.I went a few times when this location first opened and it was awful. I took a very long break and started going regularly last year when I started the keto diet. You can get your plate without rice or pita and it's very low carb! Given the lack of low carb lunch choices, I end going here a lot now and I am seldom disappointed. I love the gyro meat, but the chicken is moist and delicious too...good thing you can get a combo! Be brave and get some red sauce, but don't get it swirled all over, go light! 
They seem to have hit their stride both food and staff wise. For the most part the employees are great and the food is fresh and plentiful. I have noticed the lobby is consistently clean and the drink machine area is kept up nicely.It's fast casual, not a fancy or sit down joint, but the food is good, space is nice, and location is convenient for many.  Pitas are very tasty, and I prefer the gyro meat to chicken but they're topped with plenty of lettuce & tomato and then you can add white sauce and/or hot sauce.  It's not as good as fresh made tzatziki sauce but fine for fast food.  Fries are fine, and baklava is actually quite good.
There aren't a ton of gyro places in town, but if you're looking for something quick and good The Halal Guys is a solid option.  And they also deliver through uber eats.My family enjoy every bit of it. My daughter got the chicken gyro and I thought with the size she wouldn't finish but she said it was so good she couldn't not eat it all.Incredible price. A single platter can be enough for 2 people. Delicious food. Gyro and chicken were cooked right. Not dry. Yellow Rice (could be saffron rice though I'm not sure) was also good. Plus, place is very well located and very spacious for an eat in. A must try in the area.Don't have all the ingredients to have a simple platter. They will make sure you pay full price though. Beware!
Will not be back.
Ps : they said the truck didn't come in....9-wah-wahDo NOT place an order through Yelp since apparently this location doesn't have the ordering system for a to-go order placed through Yelp, and you will be charged for it. Doesn't make sense why they even have the option available on the site. When I called to check the order, they just kept repeating that they don't take orders through Yelp and had no idea it was possible. I went to the location and got food but had to pay there regardless. The employees were kind about it and offered a free drink. The food was pretty sub-par though, and I wouldn't be inclined to go to this location again.My first time at any Halal Guys and I received exceptional customer service and accommodation for my vegan diet. My falafel wrap tasted great and  I'll definitely be back anytime I'm in town.Usually really love this place, ordered online for lunch on a Tuesday, got there to see that the store was closed/ locked up. Not the first time I've noticed them closed at odd times.  No signs out or anything.The food is a solid "absolutely vomitous" but what really shocks me is how many people think this crap is good. It isn't. It's terrible. It's disgusting and will disappoint anyone expecting a gyro. The "yogurt" sauce on said gyro is actually mayonnaise (??!?!?!) and it's absolutely disgusting. They refer to it simply as "white crap" or "white stuff" and that about describes it. It's white crap. Imagine biting into a gyro expecting tzatziki sauce and you get a mouthful of greasy "white junk". Repulsive. I'm quite fond of mayonnaise, but putting it on a gyro? You may as well put it on cake. Imagine biting into a slice of cake and the frosting was actually mayonnaise. Gross.
Other food here is similarly disgusting. It tastes like horse vomit. I did not know you could make chicken or beef taste this NASTY! 
NASTY!!!!
 The best thing I can say about it is that I did not vomit. I came close. The worst gas station gyro I've ever eaten was much better than anything here.The food is still good, but there's a huge decline in service. Between my hubby and I we've been here about 10 times and at first they were great. Service was extremely poor tonight. I'm not one to write many poor reviews and I'm not too much of a stickler for OK service, but this one was worth noting because I don't want Halal Guys to close down. 
We went in and greeted the guy serving our platter (Why are we doing the greeting??) He didn't greet us back, didn't smile, didn't speak. We tried to entertain him a bit by asking him how his day was going but he just stared at us. We were basically talking to a wall. Obviously, something is wrong, but don't take it out on your customers. Management needs to step in and have a little chit chat with staff because this isn't the first time, but it's definitely the most upsetting. Another thing, one of the guys in the kitchen went to the bathroom with his apron on...definitely not sanitary/food safe.
One more tip: the shredded chicken is dry, stick with the beef (IF you really want to eat here.)Vibe: clean, bright and it smells delicious every time we walked passed, the staff is friendly and genuine and made our food the local way. 
Food: chicken gyro with extra white sauce and bbq with everything on it. 
This place is def a get you something at least once a week. 
Thanks Steph Shawn and TJ for making the experience awesome!very good service and food, I get the combination platter overtime I come and it hasn't disappointment yet. get the white sauce, the red sauce is way too hot in my opinion.Halal Guys is the Taco Bell of Middle Eastern food. Some poor quality meat, iceberg, tomatoes, rice, thrown in a bowl or in a flat bread, with some mediocre hot sauce with a metallic after-taste that it would be otherwise flavorless without. And I get diarrhea every time I eat it, without fail. Probably because I use too much hot sauce.Great tasting food, fresh ingredients, great prices and a great location! Friendly people. 5 stars all the way around!BLAND.  Do not go here expecting a gyro.  The weird sauce on this is not tzatziki sauce.  The meat was also very bland.Delicious hummus and falafel. Generous portions and nice service. We stopped in after a long, late night in the Quarter and it was the perfect late night meal to absorb the beer :)The lady working here was super friendly! The food is great taste just like New York! Only thing I am not crazy about is need more lamb! Give it a try you will for sure leave happy!Omg I ordered Uber eats last night and the food was clearly old I'm waiting for a refund....I cannot understand how they serve old food like that...I'm.completely doneComing from NY, this was what I was expecting. Good taste, good value. The combo was delicious and the falafel was ok. Overall very worth it.From start to finish; it was an amazing experiwnceGOOD FOOD!!!! GREAT PEOPLE!!!! ! Extremely health conscious and price effective.  Very sanitary and welcoming environment. Surprisingly fresh produce; and delightful presentation.It was okay the meat tasted like rubber the location in Houston tasted better to me but I won't go back to this location the employees don't know what they are doing.Omg... This joint is hella good. Really a good spot. The meat is so tender and flavorful!Dear Cleo's, 
I'm sorry I ever cheated on you. 
Love, 
Me 
Above is the letter my heart wrote to Cleo's the moment I took my third bite of food from the Halal Guys. I had high hopes for this place because I had heard good things about the Halal Guys in NY but I was extremely let down. I ordered their Gyro Plate and added the falafels. The falafel balls were incredibly dry, the yellow rice was par-boiled and hard, the gyro meat was super chopped up, the iceberg lettuce was wilty instead of crispy, and their hot sauce was EXTREMELY hot. I like to think I have a pretttyyyy high spice tolerance but I took took a couple bites of food that had hot sauce on it and I felt like I had made out with the Devil himself. 
I had to wipe the hot sauce off the rest of my food for it to still be edible and even then, I couldn't finish my meal. I definitely wasted my ten bucks. The space was clean and convenient but their bathroom was broken down (and apparently has been for a while). The employees were also friendly and plentiful (there were 7 employees and no customers) but not enough to have me give them 2 stars instead of 1. The portion size was hearty, but having a large portion of inedible food doesn't really do much for me. 
If you are craving any kind of Mediterranean cuisine whilst in the CBD, do yourself a favor and mosey on over a few blocks down to Cleo's. I definitely will not be recommending the Halal Guys to anyone I know! I don't doubt their cart in NY is magical but their space in NOLA is frightening.Was in town for a conference and they were the closest place to my hotel. Loved this place! I got a beef gyro bowl the first time and then a beef gyro the second time. The beef is well seasoned and I loved the white sauce. I tried the red, and it was too spicy for me. Go for the red if you like spice! Fun atmosphere and great service. My only qualm was the music was way too loud. I had to yell my order.For a utilitarian meal at 1 am it was fine. Pretty much the only place open right near our hotel. 
I was surprised that a place called The Halal Guys only had chicken or meat gyros-no lamb. In fact I'd never had a chicken gyro. But it was fine for a quick bite after a night out. 
While the food was unremarkable, the servers were efficient if not overly friendly. And the place was remarkably clean, if stark. Nothing fancy. I was impressed that when a customer knocked over a whole stack of cups into the floor, the cashier threw them away rather than placing them back on the counter. 
Gyros were $7.99 and they had peligrino, which was a nice surprise. Overall no complaints.Kudos to being open late... I really wasn't interested in eating anything on Bourbon Street.
You can call this the Chipotle of Mediterranean fare. Simply jump in line and start ordering what you want and they'll make everything for you... just like at Chipotle. Choose from either a gyro or platter, beef or chicken, the vegetables you want, dark or white sauce... It's that simple. the meal isn't anything special but good enough, especially late in the evening.
Even the seating resembles a Chipotle atmosphere. Not too bad on the pricing as well.
Thanks for being open and saving my night.My boyfriend requires Halal and we decided to do lunch here. We've had their food in Chicago so knew of them. Good service. Reasonably priced and good food. Always a good option !The value of a late night drunk food spot in the CBD area. I've had Halal Guys in NYC, and while I think the nostalgia + origin story + history of that place makes it a better experience/meal, I had a very positive experience here. Expect slightly more expensive than you want to pay when you're drinking prices. 
I'll still be going to Verti Mart when I'm in the Quarter, but I'll stop by Halal Guys if I'm at a bar in the CBDStopped in after sleeping in. The food was so good. We'll definitely be eating here again before heading back to the Northwest. The menu is simple. No overload of options. The beverage options are sufficient and the quality of food is superior.So happy to find this place on my visit to Nola , unfortunately I don't eat pork or crawfish so I was approaching starvation when I came across this place.Been a customer here for a very long time, not anymore. Ordered delivery for Uber eats, part of my order didn't show up, also paid for extra sauce and they didn't give me any at all, not a fan of eating the food completely dry. It took two hours for them to finally get someone to tell me to "re-place the order" right on the app. I could've done that a very long time ago. I'm now tired, hungry, and pretty ticked off at halal and Uber. Oh yeah, the food when it showed up was ice cold. Hope I get that $23 bucks back.... FML happy fest y'allAs always, perfect. Keep up the good work. Every state I visit these guys in it's worth it. Thank you.I've come a couple times for lunch, as I work nearby in the CBD.  The service is always pretty quick, and the food is always good.  I personally think the meats could stand to have some more flavor, but it's just good enough.  The portions of chicken, gyro, rice, and other fixins on the combo platter are just right, and it's a filling meal.  All in all, a solid option for CBD lunch.An amazing first experience at Halal Guys! Ms. Kitty and her crew made us feel right at home! The food was delicious from the perfectly seasoned chicken to the jammin white and hot sauce. I finished my meal with a tasty baklava and couldn't been more satisfied! 5 stars can't wait to come back!Good place for quick take out.  I have been here a few times and the portion size is generous and the food is consistent.  Their fryer had been broken so couldn't get falafels but it was fixed the next time I came in.  I recommend the combo platter with side of falafels.So much hype over this place. I've been to the Halal Guys in NYC, Houston, and now this one in NOLA. The NYC location is def good, but the Houston and Nola locations are straight up hype. The food is bland, basic, and personally very average. You can get much better Mediterranean options.
I tried the combo plate (chicken and lamb over rice) and honestly I wasn't impressed. The best part was the white sauce. That's not a good thing. If you need tons of sauce to add flavor because the main food item (in this case the chicken and lamb) is extremely bland and dry, then we have a problem. 
Overall, it's a good place for some quick, cheap food. It's very new so I'm hopeful they can improve on their recipe, but I just don't see this place lasting.Halal guys is a quick and dirty, Americanized version of Turkish/Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food. 
Not the freshest, not the best quality, but is okay for a stop, preferably when you're tipsy and reminiscing about your Turkish ex-boyfriend.Ooh! Super fast at serving crap food to you. Close your wallet and walk out the door in any direction for a better meal. I don't see how the place stays open. Don't bother.I really want to give this place 2 stars but I just can't. I have eaten here probably about 3 times. Each time it has been more dissatisfying. I was shocked to learn that this place is a chain. How is that possible? Everything is bland or just plain disgusting. Walk 3 blocks to Cleo's to satisfy your Mediterranean food fix.This was probably the worst food I had while I was in New Orleans. We got this as drunk food and it was still awful! I'm from Boston and have visited the famous Halal Guys in New York. I love Middle Eastern food and this was just not an okay representation. The meat tasted processed almost. It didn't come right off the rotisserie, it was scooped out of a container. The rice was kinda mushy. Everything just had an off taste, lacking the flavors I was looking for. It was also super pricey for what I received.Not bad for late night eats. We got the beef gyro plates the cashier offered us the hottest of hot sauce it almost blew the back of our brains out. It was good though.Ayo this shit busted down frfr. Mouth gonna feel great, butt? not so much. But still, busted down. 10/10First visit to Halal Guys in NOLA. Had a combo platter with a side of Hummus. What can I say it's great comfort food when your hungry for the right price. Service was good and "extra" white sauce always flavors things up.We went only an hour after opening and immediately saw advertisements for their spicy lamb. So I went ahead and ordered it to no avail because the girl at the counter said they were out. How are you out already? You just opened the store. Anyways, she also had her colorful pink hair not tied up and all over the place. I work in food service so I know she needs to have it in a pony tail to the very least. Then the second girl finishing up my order, starts gushing out "white sauce" on my bowl without me asking for it. I asked her what is that, tzatziki? And she responded it's a garlic mayo sauce, they don't have tzatziki. Imagine that. Overall, I have had way better and the food was not good. I could only eat about a quarter of my bowl before throwing it away. Money wasted. Will not be back or ever recommend.I have never been so I was just gonna stop by and checkout the menu, but the moment I walked towards the doorway...the aroma enticed me and at that moment I knew that I was going to eat here. The customer service was amazing and to top it all off when I got the food...I was in love. And the portion sizing . I'm visiting out of town so I immediately checked if there is one where I live and luckily the company is opening two nearby. I will definetly be coming back and recommending this place to others. Well played guys!!Worst ever. The girl working didn't know what tabbouleh ( Tabouli ) or tzatziki ( tahinia ) sauce was, don't ask for a sandwich because she will try to make it a platter anyways. The pita bread was soggy as if it was used to soak up all the moisture in the container it was stored in. The tzatziki ( tahini ) sauce was not even close to being tzatziki sauce exactly like pepper ranch ( by hidden valley) then the tabbouleh (tabouli) was dry and tasted of clove????  The clove was so overpowering it was like hitting straight into a chunk of clove.  All the reviews for this place said it was a good Mediterranean Restaurant. My two-year-old could do better.  I wanted good hummus and tabbouleh was that too much to ask for? I could swear the hummus was store bought, back home we call it Sabro and comes in many flavors and taste nothing like fresh.I guess I'm glad I haven't been to the original NY location based on the reviews here.  On it's own I'd eat here over any chained fast food joint or semi like Chipotle.  My falafel & chicken combo plate was a perfect mix.  I only went with the white sauce because I remembered how spicy the red sauce was for me.  It's a quick healthy meal for $10.Awful. Got my order wrong and food was virtually inedible. Called to rectify with the restaurant as we're told we should, and the guy explained that 'gee, too bad. but nothing I can do.' No refund. No fixing of order. But hey, next time 'call and I'll throw something in.' Whaaa? The gross, sawdusty shredded (wtf?) chicken 'sandwich' was on a bready, crumbly pita, a wilted, wimpy leaf of lettuce and a fraction of a tiny tomato. No pickle. No sauce. No flavor. As a long time New Yorker, I promise you, this is NOTHING like the NYC version.Had their combo plate with gyro and chicken and it was really good. 
Their platters are served with rice and shredded lettuce and chopped tomatoes and a serving of pita bread. I get my platter topped with white sauce, barbecue sauce and a little bit of their hot sauce. For everyone who loves hot sauce, do not try and get a shit ton on your food. 
That shit is HOT AF. 
Other than that, food is good and priced well for the amount of food you get. 
If you dine in, be prepared to smell all day after you leave.My lunch here is one of those restaurant experiences that left me mad. I read the less than stellar reviews but decided to check it out for myself. TRUST THE REVIEWS! First, my order was royally screwed up...the people behind the counter were so clueless, I don't understand where it went wrong...gyro bowl with falafel and white sauce. Not that hard, right? But it was! It took 10 minutes to sort it out and pay. And the attitude...watch out! The meat was tasteless, the rice was dry and tasteless. The one thing I can say was good was my friend's hummus, that was delicious. I left in a bad mood with a stomach ache that carried through to the next day. Save your money and your sanity and skip this one!!
Edited to add: I forgot, I visited the restroom after eating, during peak lunch hour, only to find no toilet paper. I texted my friend who came to bring me some, yet there was none to be found! Thank heavens for purse tissues!I always love going to a place where you can tell the people working are happy to be there. Great food and great service. An all around fantastic experience at Halal Guys! Recommend to anyone looking for a quick, delectable dining experience.These guys go above and beyond to deliver amazing customer service. I ordered online through UberEATs and my order got screwed up. Whether it was the fault of the Uber driver or the kitchen at Halal Guys, I don't know, but regardless, the staff at Halal Guys made up for it and more.
They refunded my original order and the manager of the restaurant HAND DELIVERED my order (plus they threw in extra sides and baklava) to make sure it got to me quickly. This was all during the lunch rush, mind you. I am a huge fan and am so happy to have this restaurant in New Orleans.The halal guys in New York is a lot better. Me and my friend came late because our hotel was nearby and they were closing up the shop. The food, especially the rice, was a little stale, but maybe because it was the end of the day. The workers were friendly enough but when compared to New York, the portions we were given was a lot less.