Can you find it? You better. Great ambiance and wonderful craft cocktails. Boudin Rangoon awesome so is the pretzel.  Sounds a little downscale, but upscale and beautiful.Think British Colonial swank. Really the best place for classic cocktails in the quarter. Too bad its so closet to Bourbon St.Went there the previous night for dinner with some friends on our last night in the French Quarter.  The food and drinks were great.  I would absolutely consider dining here again on a future trip.This is not The Bombay Club I remember when I came here for college. This place has had a huge makeover and looks better than ever. First off, this place has live music everyday, a great bar area and a super cute patio. Great place to come with friends  or to get away for the bourbon craziness to catch your breath. 
The drinks here are fairly priced and most importantly STRONG & TASTY! They don't mess around with their drinks here. They also have a great happy hour! Definitely check it out. 
As for the food it's much much much better than I ever remembered. I had some bites off the happy hour menu. Started off with the pretzel... so warm and you can tell it was freshly made. Perfect amount of salt. The cheese dip it's paired with is to die for. I wish I could put it on everything! 
I also got the pork belly tacos! That slaw was really good... usually I'm not a big kimchi fan but they did it the right way that's for sure. 
I also came here during carnival season and they had the bacon king cake. I love bacon and I love king cake. Combining these two loves makes for one of the best king cakes I've ever had. It's meant for two but it's big enough for 4-5 or leftovers. I took mine to go... I ate it before the night was over. I wish they had this all year long! 
Looking forward to coming back here for a proper meal! Also, they have valet which is key! It still may be easier to get around the quarter in an uber!Coming here on our final evening in New Orleans needing some good music and great drinks while being away from Bourbon Street, The Bombay Club fulfilled our expectations. 
A special call out Aleksander P who apparently created nearly the entire specialty cocktail menu items. If you are looking for a place that create just well beyond well drinks, come to The Bombay Club.
We arrived on a Friday night and the musicians played a lot of great sings for us to enjoy. We ordered four drinks at the bar and really enjoyed the atmosphere: the Grasshopper, the Rattlesnake, the Pisco Sour, and the Pimm's Cup!
We highly recommend this place to anyone looking for some great cocktails. Thank you!We stopped in for a Christmas Reveillon.
The good: 
The cocktails are ABSOLUTELY worth coming in for.  The bar itself is stunning and wow the drinking is classy!  The Bombay Club Martini, with Old Raj Gin and Cocchi Vermouth di Torino is worth every cent of it's $13 price tag.  It's the best martini I've ever had (and I've had a lot).  It's smooth, low on the juniper flavor, and one will make your head fuzzy.  I will definitely make this a stop when I make my martini rounds. 
The bad:
The food was really only so-so.  We were there with friends for the special Christmas Reveillon and expected the best of the best.  The prix fix was $49 a person and included a four our-course menu where you could choose between rabbit and tasso gumbo with potato salad, pecan and andouille crusted redfish with oyster and artichoke stew and a dessert of either eggnog spiked espresso cake or a chocolate streusel. 
I had the redfish and found the oyster and artichoke stew really bland.  It also had a weird consistency, like they had used too much flour in the roux.  The espresso cake wasn't very good either, it was very dense and not moist at all. 
The ugly: 
The service was absolutely deplorable.  We were forgotten several times and our second round of drinks didn't arrive until after the dessert course.  No apologies either.  
We didn't want to spoil the night, so we didn't make a fuss. But, we definitely won't be back for dinner.  It's a shame too, because the restaurant itself is iconic and the atmosphere is incredible. Bar only for us!My meal was extremely good, I had the Rabbit pot pie and it was excellent. Atmospheres in this establiment is low key and quiet. The music adds just the right  additional spice.Went here for happy hour with a party of six. Everything was delightful. The patio is lovely, the server was very attentive, and the drinks and appetizers we ordered were reasonably priced ($5 cocktail of the day, $4 snacks, $3 glasses of wine) and tasted amazing. The dinner entrees are up to $30 but I would absolutely return for a date night based on my experience tonight.Received a recommendation from the Royal House Restaurant.  (I believe that the Bombay Club is in their family.)  Initially I found the decor and tone a welcome relief from the regular New Orleans "bar." That was until the server, Blake, (Brent or some other B name) became incensed that I found the Carrot Cake Bread Pudding bland.  I believe that his reply started with, "I told you that the Banana Pie was a better choice..."  (I wish that I could adequately convey his tone in this posting.) Also, in the midst of this exchange, a large boisterous party entered the establishment and the servers/hostess seemed unable or willing to request some measure of decorum. Unfortunately, they became so loud that they drowned out the jazz ensemble.We had Drinks & Dinner last night for our Anniversary. 
Rachel, the Bartender was wonderful.
We ordered the Filet & Chicken Saltimbocca.
They both were Fabulous!
The music was great and the atmosphere was perfect!$3? Really....$3 for happy hour appetizers every day from 4pm to 7pm?  Where can you get this type of deal two blocks off Bourbon?  
The Bombay Club was a great find tucked in the back of our hotel.  They have an intimate, upscale setting (imagine a jazz club in a library type of setting).  There is a very cute patio in back with three tables and a fountain.  You can be dressed completely casual so it isn't too upscale. 
The appetizers are incredible for the price.  We tried all of them a few times and our favorites were the boudin rangoon, pretzel with Guinness beer cheese, and the buffalo style fried chicken livers.  The portion sizes were decent and the quality was amazing.  I loved their twist on timeless favorites.
Drink specials are Abita Amber, chardonnay and Cabernet for $3. They make a heck of a martini that goes down well with the fried chicken livers.  Try a little poutine for the person who likes it a little messy!
Seriously, if you are in NOLA come here for the atmosphere and food.  At 7pm stick around for a quaint jazz band and sit in the over sized sofas.  We loved this place so much we stopped in here 3 nights for food and drinks.Music and atmosphere were fantastic! The drinks were a little slow and over priced. But was nice to find a quite and relaxing spot away from the chaos a block away on Bourbon.Visited here in late February and was pleased with the quiet ambiance and the cocktails.  Tried a Gin Rickey for the first time, and was not disappointed.  Live piano music makes the place classy and enjoyable.Coming here I had mixed feelings from all the mixed reviews but it was a fabulous amazing night. The service was on point, the food was excellent the drinks and music was fantastic. The chocolate martini was great, the wine selection was decent, and dessert fried apple pie was awesome. The highlight of the night was amazing service. We had a booth behind the bar for dinner then saved us a place on the sofa for the live music but also able to give us a table outside to smoke cigars while we waited for the band to start. From our experience we highly recommend.Best Martini in the Country. Great old bar, live music.. A must if your visiting NOLAJust stopped in for happy hour and really enjoyed the drink and app specials. The ambiance was great. The bartenders were professional. The barstools were super comfortable. Would definitely recommend, although we didn't try anything off the "real" menu.My boyfriend and I wanted a nice romantic dinner for our last night in New Orleans and we got exactly what we wanted. We were seated in an adorable semi private booth with a comfy loveseat. Our waiter Nick was so friendly and sweet, and he took good care of us. The mussels and crab cake beignets were absolutely delicious and followed up with the  blue cheese burger. The bartender (I feel horrible I've forgotten her name) made incredible gin martinis for pre dinner drinks and the grasshopper and espresso martinis for dessert were the perfect ending to the meal. The night manager even stopped by a couple times to check in as well. Great service! As a side note, they also handled a bad situation with class. They seem to be well know for nightly jazz music during dinner. Sadly the musicians who were suppose to be playing didn't show. They made sure we were aware upfront and veey apologetic. I have a lot of respect for tjat. We will definitely return.What a lovely place off the beaten track. Whether in the dark and clubby bar area or the cute courtyard, you'll enjoy well-made drinks and EXCELLENT happy hour appetizers. All at GREAT prices. Winning!I've come to rely on tasty cocktails consistently made by skilled bartenders here. Great atmosphere inside. Enjoy the (mostly jazz) 2-3 piece bands for live music. Lots of variety in table seating for a group or for intimate dining. A relaxed couch and chair seating area. Food is good. When I want to drop into a cozy, classy spot in FQ, I go here.A very poor experience....  I took my family to the Bombay Club for Christmas dinner.  This was a very special Christmas for my family as I flew them to New Orleans for our only family vacation in a few years.  It was our first Christmas away from home. I was so disappointed in the service.  Our dinner took 2 hours and 50 min., and one of our courses was forgotten.  It took 1 HR and 55 min to get the second course and the table next to us who arrived about an hour behind us was served before us.  The menu was preset between two options per course. To add insult to injury we had to ask the manager do something about the bad service because he didn't even make a effort.  Extremely disappointed!!!!Came here for happy hour and dinner. We initially were seated for dinner but the crowd next to us were loud and the perfume overwhelming. We decided to move to the bar for happy hour and sit for dinner later. The staff was most accommodating. Chris offered to get us a table closer to the piano when it was time for dinner. They didnt mind my husband trying out the piano. Service was excellent at the bar and for dinner. Roscoe was our server- friendly, fun and attentive. The atmosphere was comfortable and intimate. The food was very good but a little on the salty side for my taste- thats why the 4 stars. I would return.One of our favorite places we went in New Orleans.
Christmas evening dinner was perfect. Cocktails at the bar followed up with a delicious dinner in the restaurant. Service was perfect- attentive and helpful without being intrusive. Food was flavorful as were the martinis.
The martinis. Some 90 martinis with their full ingredients listed in a hardbound book. Yes! So needless to say we returned later in our trip just to have martinis. We sat on a sofa in the bar and drank happily while two different musical groups came through. The music was entertaining but not overpowering, we were able to converse with our companions or listen to the music without difficulty.Service was excellent, food and drinks were stellar.  Will definitely visit again.  Hats off to the staff who make you feel welcomed, provided guidance and provided outstanding service.Friend and I stopped in for a few drinks after dinner and were very happy we did so.  Cocktails were expertly made and conversation with bartender was great.  Ambiance was lovely, low lighting and low key, singer and piano player set the perfect tone.  Will 100% be back!Had a great time here with my husband last Friday night. Didn't catch the name of the band, but the guy's voice was excellent. Really nice overall vibe, romantic for a date. Drinks were good, don't love the calamari though - to sweet and spicy for me.Came in for a drink for my birthday. Super classy little spot. Best martinis around. The bartender, Alex, was super nice and attentive to everyone that walked in.I had really high expectations for this place, especially after I read that several celebrities always frequent this establishment while in NOLA. Unfortunately, it fell flat in just about every way. 
We had a party of nine for a business dinner. Our table was ready upon arrival, but our server was nowhere to be found. After 15 minutes, she arrived to take our drink orders. She started at one end of the table, and sternly (read: rudely) told us that we had to place our order in the same order in which we were seated to ensure we would receive the correct drinks. I was surprised for this caliber of restaurant, but we complied...until she forgot the order of the last person in our group. We had to call her back to the table, at which point we got a snarky, "What do you need?" Our drinks took another 15 minutes to arrive, and she never asked if we wanted another once the martini glasses were empty. 
I can only speak to the food I ordered...crab-stuffed artichoke heart (deep-fried, underwhelming), hanger steak (cooked way under, no seasoning at all), and smothered green beans (ok, but what isn't ok when there's bacon?).
Bottom line...for the price, I expect better food and better service. There are too many other good places in the FQ, spend your money at one of them.We came for happy hour and had a GREAT experience! Their extensive cocktail menu makes is hard to choose what creative drink to order. We tried 4 cocktails, all wonderful. We got each of the $4 happy hour appetizers and loved them all - especially the rangoon and tacos, we got second orders of those. Our waiter was very friendly, and the overall ambiance is lovely - inside as well as in the little courtyard. Can't wait to go back!The Bombay Club was an amazing oasis from the chaos and debauchery of Bourbon Street. Fabulous, clubby and dimly-lit atmosphere; looks like Ralph Lauren's study. Drinks were great and the music even better! Fabulous three piece jazz band with great marimba!!! Can be hard to find but worth looking for. Can't wait to return to civilized NOLA!I brought some friends from out of town to try this place out for the first time and it surpassed my expectations. Our waitress, alex  was sweet and attentive and made great suggestions from cocktails for my picky friends, to entrees, and even got us to come back the next day for happy hour.  I loved how the menu mixes classic New Orleans dishes with modern and trendy twists! Also, try the pork belly tacos for happy hour ! Loved the setting and will be back again soon! Ask for alex!My husband and I had our small wedding reception here Nov 3, 2012. It was perfect. They were easygoing about the menu selections, and helpful and responsive with answers to any questions I sent them. When we asked about switching an appetizer we ended up getting both as choices for the reception - an unexpected happy surprise. They offered us wedding cake martinis (delicious!) another welcomed surprise and of course, most importantly, all the food was superb. Recommended for any event or just a night on the town!Popped by for dinner on a Saturday night.  Quiet, subdued place that was just what we were looking for!  I ordered the braised pork and the steamed mussels, both of which were amazing!  Cocktail list was fun and extensive, which made for a nice night.This was a little gem we walked into once the crowds in bourbon started to hit the "overwhelming" limit. The ambience was perfect, reminiscent of a library converted to a speakeasy. There was a jazz singer who also helped set the atmosphere. The entrance is set back and you walk in through and unobtrusive red door.
The food was phenomenal, we shared the chorizo rice and a Scottish egg. Chorizo rice had a slight spicy kick to it. The Egg was melt in your mouth goodness.  For dessert there were sweet potato pie which shared a beautiful holiday spice between the pie and the ginger whipped cream. The whopee was s childish dream grown up.
Drink selection was greaT. I sipped on a vesper with dinner- evoking a very best Bond-esque feeling.Wonderful atmosphere and hands down the best food in town. Local jazz musicians and excellent drinks.We sat in the courtyard during happy hour and got drinks, an appetizer, and dinner. Our waitress was nice and talked about local things. We had the rattlesnake drink (whiskey, egg white, and sour.. can't remember it all). We had the barbecue shrimp which was sooo tasty- we wish there had been more. I had the pork chop which was huge! So juicy, so flavorful, filling. I couldn't finish it. My boyfriend had the hangar steak and fries and said that was delicious too. Truly such good flavors and great service.This place is such a gem I almost don't want to write about it, because after all the heat and wackiness of walking around in the French Quarter, this cool, dark and swanky lounge is a total dream and I don't want anyone to mess it up! haha... They have a piano player, an awesome cocktail selection, a little garden area, and are basically the perfect place to have a drink and maybe grab a bite while you're planning out your next move.Came here during brunch for the bottomless mimosas and left super full on the BBQ Shrimp and Grits. Trey was our waiter and the service he provided was excellent! The food was absolutely amazing!!!Came here for a bachelorette party. I'm so sad to not remember our waiter but he was super cool and AMAZING at recommending drinks; maybe Nick(?). I got overwhelmed by the fifty two drinks so I told him what I liked and he nailed it! As well as the other six girls! Setting was super cool and swanky. I felt like a man in like the early 1900s who needed to be smoking a cigar! Dinner was amazing and food was spot on. ONLY complaint I and my future sister in law had was that our hunters chicken was too peppery and hard to eat. I did try other people's food and it perfect. Drinks made up for me hahaha! YUMMYHidden gem. Nice bourbon selection and happy hour menu. Very comfortable and relaxed feel. Not loud or chaotic as Bourbon Street can be. Very classic.Delicious! You can't go wrong anywhere in NOLA.  My cocktail was amazing - it was a gin sour called royal raspberry. It looks so good, everyone around me wanted to order it. I also had the Boudin small plate - very adventurous dish I would say. It has a rich and hearty taste and was filling. There was live music that was very relaxing.  My only suggestion would b to get a new host - he was not very welcoming.AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!
Earlier this spring, my boyfriend and I went to New Orleans on business, and he made dinner reservations at Bombay Club. I was expecting some boring little British joint, but instead I had one of the best meals I've ever had in New Orleans (and this is including Court of Two Sisters and Brennigans)!
To start with, the British Colonial decor is lovely and an interesting break from the faux-French decor found in so many NOLA establishments.  Halfway through dinner a charming gentleman in a darling seersucker suit played old rat-pack classics on the piano, interspersed with witty commentary of the guests.
The wait staff was charming without being annoying, and served a perfect dirty martini (very high praise from my boyfriend).  I had a delicious Bloody Mary followed by an equally delicious glass of white wine (I wish I remembered what it was - our waiter recommended it).
However, all of this is easily overshadowed by the food!  MY GOD!  I ordered the BBQ Shrimp, and it was NOT what I expected!  The shrimp was seasoned in a spicy concoction that might be called BBQ, but such a delicious and marvelous combination of flavors really should be called "ambrosia"!  The sauce was plentiful (which was good, as I asked for more bread, to wipe up every last drop!), and the shrimp was cooked to perfection - moist and tender.  
Just writing this review is making me salivated for Bombay Club again.  I don't even recall what my boyfriend had - I believe that I growled at him when he tried to have a taste of my dish though!What a find!  Tucked in a secret space a quick walk off Bourbon, this former speakeasy provides an adult setting. Casual elegance and yes, panache. The Jazz is cool, the Brussels sprouts hot, and the ambiance easy. Service everything and a bit more. Clare was personable, attentive and helpful. Best Saturday nite in NOLA. EVER.I cannot speak for the restaurant, but this bar deserves a FULL 5 STARS. not a measley 4.5 that I round up. The bartender knew drinks that most have never remotely heard of. Many drinks proabbly close to death. He held the bar open late to serve us cocktails that most would not appreciate. The decor is top notch also.Bombay Club is my ideal kind of bar.
We came here when it was not too packed and actually had a live jazz performance. The jazz here felt very classy, coupled with the ambiance of a quiet library.
I ordered the Cool as Cucumber drink as well as Cinnamon Toast tini drinks. The cucumber one was so refreshing! The cinnamon one was sweet and creamy. I really liked both and both really made the bar live up to its name for good martinis.
I had a very relaxing time, feeling very classy here. The ambiance, live jazz performance, and drinks really sold me well. I would love to have a place like this back at home.This place is great UNLESS you are a vegetarian and def don't come here if vegan unless you want a side of seasonal vegetables and /or a cesar salad without dressing or parmesan (I'm not a vegan but was with a vegan friend and let's just say she's still hungry $45 later).  The chef wouldn't even make a side of mushrooms for her "because it's part of the dish."
Though again, wonderful staff and everything was super tasty and we were all happy except for our vegan friend. #notveganfriendly #noteveryoneeaststhingswithfacesIncredible! Appetizers were delicious service was amazing. Ambiance was old-school and classic!We went to Bombay Club on vacation and loved it! The atmosphere was great and the food was really amazing. One of my best restaurant experiences. The staff was friendly. I would definitely recommend.Favorite craft cocktail bar in New Orleans! The manhattan and French 57 are a must. Brandon (server) has great recommendations! I'll be back for sure. Live music is on and off but when they play it's perfect. The ambience is spot on! Great date night spot. Haven't tried good but from what I say it looks delicious. Until next time!I wanted to like this place. I was a big fan of the original. I missed Bombay when it closed, and many of the original people went on to open another club down the street. 
I went out tonight with an open mind, and hoped for the best... as we all do.  Sometimes these big restaurant conglomerates just miss the boat completely.  Their corporate mentality doest jive with real New Orleans, and they attempt to force feed us their idea of what we want.  
This place is Bombay Club only in name. My lady friend ordered a Martini which came in this tiny laughable glass.  It looked like a large shot glass with a stem.  Fourteen dollars for a two ounce pour with an ounce of ice cube meltdown.  Not a good start.  
The music sounded like sterile elevator jazz, and the bangers and mash menu with some sort of Creole twist was bland and unappealing.  England isn't known for stellar cuisine... and it just isn't a match for Creole hybrid blending... sorry.  
Do yourself a favor and go up to Frenchman's Street and get the real deal. This place better make some quick adjustments, or they aren't going to make it.  
To their credit,  they did clean up the interior and bring it up to date.We spent the holidays in NOLA and made reservations in advance for Reveillon dinner for Christmas eve at The Bombay Club. Despite the fact that you enter through what appears to be a parking garage, this place was impeccable. Fantastic food and wonderful pampering service.What a wonderful dining experience. For the starters we asked Chef Haleigh for her suggestions. She choose the Fried Brussel Sprouts and the Boudin Scotch Egg. Both of her choices were the best way to start this amazing dinner. For our entrée I choose The grilled Hanger Steak and the my guest choose the Cheeseburger. The steak and cheeseburger were for each of us the best  we'd ever had. Now for the finale, the best part of a meal Dessert! We decided to go with the Dulce Bar. A dark chocolate cake with Dulce de leche ice cream sandwiched in between the cake with smoked pistachios. This cake/ice cream
Was visually stunning. The way the flavors and textures complemented each other were magical. I truly appreciate Chef Haleighs input on choices and her dessert was by far a reason to return, again and again. Thank you to the Bombay Club, Chef Haleigh for amazing food, Nico our server for great service and Chris Breaux general manager for an overall great experience! See you all soon.Had a great experience here Saturday night. My boyfriend and I were celebrating my birthday and he made reservations for 6:30. Considering how busy the area would be the weekend before Christmas, we left early to find parking. We got lucky with that and ended up arriving about 45mins early. The hostess sat us right away without hesitation. She wished me a Happy Birthday which took me by surprise. My bf mentioned it at the time he made the reservations and requested a private ....uh...booth? There are several private nooks with either a bench seat or 2 chairs with curtains drawn back. Very cozy. Only draw back is the amount of lighting. I found it too bright. One sconce would have been more than enough light. 
We were greeted by our waiter who wished me happy b'day and took our drink order. I had a question about a cocktail and when tasted, it was just as he described it. The team here are very knowledgeable. The app and main dishes were excellent. Chef Nathan Richard is a master at what he does. I'll post pics. 
The General Manager even stop by our table to let us know to ask him if there's anything he can do for us and ....you guessed it.... wish me happy b'day. Gotta love this attention to detail. 
After our meal, we ordered dessert cocktails and the GM sent out a chocolate dorberge cake that was incredible. 
We left knowing we'd be back. Even if it's just for drinks at the bar.I was having visitors from out of town for Thanksgiving one year and was asked to make reservations for 4... which turned out to be a surprise 6.  The Bombay Club was very accommodating... fortunately it was 7 p.m. and if they'd had a holiday rush it was over.  But... my sister... who was a surprise guest with her husband pointed out what the cost of Thanksgiving meal would be for our group talked my father out of eating there!  All was not lost however as the experience introduced me to their incomparable menu of martinis!  Wow!  That night I reveled in the delight of a sour apple-tini!  I have not found one comparable since!  Since I was a local then I went back many times to try others and was never disappointed!  And with Johnny Angel (a personal friend of mine) crooning to the crowd it was always a perfect time!!I seriously don't understand how you could have less than 4 star experience at this place unless you are serious snob.  Let me start off by saying that we came here to celebrate my husbands birthday and we were blown away by every drink and all of our menu items.  As a group of 4 we were able to sample 8 different martinis and they all exceeded our exceptions.  They each had a flair and were not lacking alcohol or flavor.  In addition to our martinis each couple ordered the calamari for our appetizer. WOWOWOWOWOW...sooo yummy! For dinner the boys got the NY strip with cheese on top, grits and spinach on the side. Us girls got the crab beniets and the bbq shrimp and grits.  NOTHING was left behind.  We thought the food was terrific and it was cooked to our request.  Bombay Club is on our list of "Must-Goes" for every New Orleans trip in the future.  :)Underwhelmed. They would serve their customers better by disclosing what's in the food. I don't eat meat so when I ordered several non-meat dishes I was shocked at how meat-tasting they were. Obviously they were cooked with bacon grease duck fat or some animal product, which is fine but they should say that.Ok my first time here. I had the Pork belly Tacos to begin with. The main course of Pork-chop, it's was amazing with dirty rice. A great happy hour of you can make it. I def recommend this place. Simply Amazing. Great bartenders who know that they are talking about. Thanks NO-Menu website.   
1/20/16
Ok I'm here again!!! It's tough to get away from the crowds of people and find a genuinely great restaurants/ Bar. I ordered the porkChop again. I love it.  Love this place. Be nice to the staff there are spurts where the restaurant gets hopping and you might have to Waite but the Waite is worth it. Great food great staff and we'll run. Try it for yourself!!!We were really excited about visiting this place but we're pretty disappointed by the quality of food. Going here we understood we were going to a little bit more expensive of a place but also expected higher quality Mia open some of the meals we've been having that week in New Orleans. 
To start we had a long list of different martinis and Cocktails choose from we started off with two drinks and really enjoy reading through the menu as names of the drinks are pretty clever and made you excited to try them out. This may have been the highlight of the place. 
I ordered scallops for dinner and while they were cooked perfectly, the seasoning wasn't anything that wowed me. It didn't taste bad, but it didn't taste very good. They're definitely needed to be some extra seasoning or perhaps a sauce of some sort to liven up this dish. I wasn't thrilled with this place overall.My favorite bar in the Quarter. Quiet, elegant and a great Pimm's Cup! I have never eaten there but we always stop by for cocktails when we visit New Orleans.Very cool vibe, upscale but not pretentious, very nice cocktail menu and the bartender will customize drinks! Nice respite from the craziness of bourbon streetLovely dinner location; darker mood lighting, wood everywhere, live subdued piano jazz. The location is at the back of the Bombay hotel entrance. Go past the Bombay Cafe and hotel check in. It's the door with no windows nearby.
The roasted brussel sprouts were so very good and felt so healthy after all the fried food on our New Orleans trip. Quite a bit of oil on the sprouts. Yum! Get this!
I got the ginger beer short ribs and was sad that it was slightly too salty and the meat was very well done. The sauce was okay with the cabbage underneath the meat. The salad was very good - love the mint. The fried rice was wetter than I like my fried rice, but the taste was fine. The short ribs are only 2 pieces of meat - so don't be surprised! (I walked away from the meal more than full.)
Fried apple-cheddar pie for dessert. Excellent flaky crust, good apple flavor. Cheese was too light to really taste and my dining partner who got the same thing said he never even saw the cheese in his (mine had large visible melted cheese chunks).
Service was decent although I had to ask for my water to be refilled twice.
I wouldn't order the short ribs again even though the waiter gave it such a glowing review (he promised to eat my meal if I didn't like it), but I would be back for the reveillon duck meal.As many people come here for the bar & music as the food, and I can't say I've tried the food myself but the menu looks decent so we may check it out at some point.  If you're looking for a drink and restrained jazz music in an old school martini lounge environment this is your place.  In particular go when Don Vappie is playing (usually 2 Fridays or Saturdays per month) because he's awesome but most of the acts are pretty good and they play at an appropriate volume for the space.  Drinks are expensive ($10+) but the Bombay Club is a great way to end the evening in a refined manner after a nice dinner around town.  I've been here a few times after starting at the Carousel Lounge (at the Hotel Monteleone) which is usually uber crowded and these days doesn't always have great music because quite frankly, if I could pack the place with a couple hundred people and not have to pay for great musicians I might consider the same.  Instead just come to the Bombay Club any time after 9:30 and get yourself a classic cocktail and enjoy the music.  It's fairly quiet, so if you're blitzed and/or want to talk loudly amongst yourselves this is not your place because you'll be annoying everyone around you but otherwise the Bombay Club is a nice place and I'm definitely a fan.  Just be aware the drinks are not cheap, but consider that part of your cover charge because you'll never find one here.  And as with any place in NOLA, remember to tip the musicians if and when you enjoy yourself, that's how they make a living!  :)One of the best happy hours in the quarter. We stopped in to this shaded, cool Brit bar for a drink. Lucky for us, classic Pimm's Cups were the special of the day for $5. This is a craft cocktail bar with excellent service. What it lacks in lively decor it makes up for in insanely yummy bites. 
We ordered the boudin wontons and the Cajun poutine. Holy Cajun. Amazing, both of them. Bursting with flavor and at only $4 each, you really shouldn't leave Nola without tasting both. Wontons were surprisingly stuffed with tangy cream cheese in addition to traditional boudin (made in house). Poutine was delightful with house cut thin fries, brown gravy, and Cajun pimiento cheese. We died.Fun place to hangout with friends,nite we were there they had a band that played jazz and had a really good singer...check it outLove the Bombay club! This establishment has a great vibe to it. While in town we enjoyed a few drinks at the bar one night and then made reservations to have dinner in one of the private booths on a second night. Food and drinks were fab!We went to Bombay for our first-night celebration dinner in New Orleans. The service and environment were amazing! The manager called us before we arrived and checked on us throughout the night. Our waitress Lindsey was so amazing we didn't want to leave. We all enjoyed the food, except one of our party, didn't like the chicken. It didn't taste bad, it just was different from what we were used too. It is pricey, but I think it is worth what you get in return. We also enjoyed the live jazz during dinner. It was exactly what we were looking for in New Orleans, especially in the French Quarter.After a day of Mardi Gras Eve bar hopping, my somewhat rowdy three friends and I arrived at The Bombay Club earlier this evening. Though we had no reservation, a very welcoming hostess asked how many and said to follow her to an intimate booth, then within seconds our server, Neela, came to the white-table-cloth table to introduce herself.  She was clear-voiced and eager to help us.  She presented us with their Mardi Gras menu, which turns out to be a positive with me because it's as if they looked at everything from their probably-too-long menu and chose only a handful from the appetizer side and the entree side and said these are the things we do best.  We ordered two large "small bites" items - Brussels Sprouts the Scotch Egg.  Both were truly mouth-watering, which, after all, is the whole point of such items anyway, right?  So we ordered a few Mint Juleps (we're not converts) and Neela showed up to present our drinks, which were served in very chilled stainless steel mugs, followed by our entrees.  I got the Hunter's Chicken, my friends chose other items which we all tasted and everything we had was a step above, not just in flavor, but also in presentation.  That stands out because we've been in town a couple days and none of our dinners were so artfully plated.  It wasn't all show either because these entrees we each ate until nothing was left of rather large portions, proving themselves in the tasting.  Neela made our experience one we will never forget with her fun but above all helpful attitude.  She was being herself because this is a business where they work together seamlessly to bring guests the maximum possible experience.  We had a brief chat with Chris, General Manager, mostly congratulating him on his staff and ambience but he helped us appreciate the menu items by telling us about them.  After succulent and sweet desserts of King Cake and Fried fruit pie, we left, hoping to visit The Bombay again as soon as possible.  Absolutely outstanding.Great service, only $10 for bottomless mimosas and they mean bottomless! Brunch was good, food ok but not 5 stars in my opinion. There was no jazz on the Saturday we went (yesterday), sadly it was our last meal in the quarter before we left. It has a great ambiance feel inside, however not many people there for brunch between 10-12am, maybe because they didn't have the live jazz? I would go again just for the bottomless $10 mimosa or rosé, hope next time if we go, we have some live jazz too!Not sure what's going on at Bombay Club - has been wonderful through up to last fall. We noticed the service is not nearly as polished as one deserves for the prices charged. No one smiles here. Some of the staff old and cranky. Some of the staff young and just plain untrained on service skills for a fine dining restaurant.  Drinks good. Food has slipped and not what it use to be. For example, the Prime Rib they had last summer was superb - perfect. Now you have to 'request' it and they brought out not horseradish creme but ground horseradish recently. Tragic.  Went on Christmas Eve and was told they would have live entertainment - NOT - quiet as a church mouse.  Disappointing ambiance.  Hope that they can get their act together because this has been one of our favorites and would be very sad to see it slip out of exsistence.  Train your staff!Great setting, food and service. This was truly an experience. The boudin scotch egg was rich, I wanted to swim in the she crab soup and the brie stuffed flounder with curried lentils was a perfect mix of spice and creamy seafood. and I had quite a milk punch! woo! As good as the food and drinks were, the service was even better. If you go, ask for Becks. She is sassy, honest about the food and just a fantastic "dinner companion." LOVED her and Bombay club.Food: 2/5
I had the Ponchatoula salad as a starter, my mother did not get a starter as our server told her that the Red Beans and "Rice" would be an ample meal for her. The walnut brittle was outstanding (and the strawberries fresh!) but the greens and dressing made the salad taste incredibly bitter. I actually ate most of the salad because I was trying to put my finger on what made it so caustic. The champagne jelly was innovative, but made no sense on the plate. 
My mom loved her "rice" & beans, and I thought the flounder roulade was great and wonderfully spiced, although admittedly short on crabmeat. Both of our portions were small, and we found ourselves hungry an hour or so afterward. Keep in mind neither of us are typical "American" eaters; we handle smaller portions just fine and often find ourselves content with less, especially if the quality is good. There just wasn't enough on the plate. 
I didn't stay for dessert, and if I don't at least look at your dessert menu, you're doing something wrong.
Ambience: 2/5
The lounge aspect is great, but the whole place just seems like a haven for white men who want to pretend in the continuance of Southern (or English) aristocracy and exclusivity, but have been forced to open up to the public. It is also damn cold in there! I know it's hot outside, we're in New Orleans, but this place was freezing. There weren't enough guests in the seats to justify that much cold air. 
Service: 2/5
This is the saddest part. I have worked in hospitality for almost seven years, most of that time as a server. Regardless of what I thought of a group of people that came in, if they looked shabbily dressed or seemed rowdy or whatever, I always gave them the best service I could: the same service I try to give any guest I was waiting on. 
My mother and I wore comfortable, nice dresses (and neither of us is especially rowdy), and I thought we looked okay for a martini bar and lounge, but apparently our waiter didn't concur. He was inattentive, unfriendly, and non-conversational. He took probably 7 or 8 minutes to bring us our first drinks (could have partially been the bar's fault, but keep in mind it was dead in there), and spent the rest of the dinner coming over to us rarely and giving us a sort of dead pan stare when he did. Ultimately I found my flounder more lively than our waiter. 
So maybe he's just the quiet type, or he's trying to be subtle. Maybe we were his first table or he'd just found out some bad news about his dog... except then this family comes in, and they sit at a table right by us, and our same server is suddenly this fun, funny guy making jokes and chatting it up. 
I walked away feeling like he felt we weren't good enough for his attention. I don't know if our bill wasn't high enough or if we were just too Yankee or something, but he treated us with a mixture of disinterest and apathy that bugged me enough to make me write a review. 
Or maybe we just got the evil twin, who knows. 
Music: 4/5
THE JAZZ PIANIST WAS GREAT GO HERE FOR A FEW DRINKS AND TO LISTEN TO THE MUSICThe ambiance is great. Come here for a drink, some soft jazz and maybe a small plate (Brussels sprouts and Cesar salad were good).  But please don't come for dinner. Entrees aren't tasty, are overcooked, oversalted and the service isn't nearly as professional as it should be for the type upscale place this place should be.Just finished two Manhattans for happy hour, I only had one app for 3$ wished I order all like the couple next us. Great service..Attached to the hotel where we were staying in the French Quarter (the Prince Conti), we made the mistake of thinking it would be a nice spot to end the day after a long evening wading through the Mardi Gras Day crowds in the area.  
We ordered off the specialty cocktail menu.  Cocktails were vile.  Both the Sweet Heat Margarita and Caipirinha were undrinkable.  They seemed to be out of sugar that night as the margarita had absolutely no sweetness to counteract the overwhelming burn of the jalapeno and the Caipirinha tasted like they'd completely left out the sugar - seemed like it was just straight cachaça with barely a twist of lime.
Since it was still Happy Hour we decided to try a happy hour mojito instead.  They were okay - but still disappointing.  The biggest disappointment came with the check - when we were charged full price ($12) for the mojitos instead of the advertised $3 happy hour price. 
Even with coupons from the hotel we didn't go back to this spot the rest of the week.
The ONLY saving grace of this spot was the singer/pianist they had performing that evening.  He was really good.The place is amazing from beginning to end. The food was really good. The service was phenomenal.Horrible service. Totally ruined my experience. Went out with family and got treated like a strangers by staff. Asked for a manager and he acted like a child. Food is good but experience was the worst I've had in a while.Small dark restaurant. Food was ok. Two cockroaches ran by our table while eating. The manager gave us a free desert. Gross.We went here for one of the "nicer" meals on our honeymoon. The ambiance was nice with music playing, but the service was a little hectic. We had multiple servers and people bringing us stuff, which I never like. The Gulf fish was good but very rich, the oysters Rockefeller needed salt, and the salad dressing was very heavy. Cocktails were the highlight including my Moscow Mule which was served in a delightfully icy-cold copper cup. Overall this was too expensive for the quality.Happy hour!
The first thing which hit me when entering was how cool the room temperature was - a nice way to cool down.  Next was how dark the lighting was.  Not that either bothered me.
Hostess motioned us to our choice of the bar or table on the bar area.
Service was efficient.  Water served right away.
Chopped liver on toast with pepper jelly and pork belly tacos.  They were out of the chopped liver so I was sold on the cajun poutine.  The pork belly was crisp and deliciously flavored.  It had quite a kick to the spiciness from the kimchi slaw.  Fries aka poutine was delicious!  At $3 each, what a screaming deal!
Now for the drinks:  Pimms Cup!!  I have no point of comparison but this has got to the tastiest fruity refreshing drink I've come across.  What I like about this is subtle and not overly sweet.  This drink originated in London.  Move over Hendricks G&T, this is my new favorite!
Love this venue and I'll be back to savor their other menu items.Popped in because it was the first place we saw at the end of our late night ghost tour.  Despite the late hour, the food was delivered promptly & with cheerful service.  The decor is beautiful & loved the curtain draped booth.  Fresh ingredients & nothing was overly dressed or sauced.  Simply done & so very good.  Live music was going on too but kept to a reasonable level so you could still talk to your date.  Highly recommend.This place is not worth your time or money. Seriously. Just don't bother.
We first wandered in on Thanksgiving evening, looking for somewhere pleasant to have a quiet, well-made cocktail or two. I'd read a couple of superlative reviews for this place and wanted to give it a go.
Big mistake.
Serving staff were rushing about all over the place, not even meeting our eye. We ended up seating ourselves in the small outdoor spot, and waited. Nothing. So after a while I went up to the bar to order.
The harassed bartender was doing his best to ignore me, however just as I was on the point of giving up and leaving he shot me a "YES?" while mixing several drinks simultaneously, at top speed. I could tell he was ridiculously overstretched, so was prepared to tell him not to worry about it and just go, but he then insisted he'd be able to make us anything we wanted - I'd just have to take the drinks myself to the table. And there was no menu that evening - we'd just have to ask for something we wanted. So I said OK.
We asked for Hemingway daiquiris. He didn't know what that was. When I tried to explain, he wasn't really listening. Nonetheless, he persisted in mixing *something* for us, a few minutes later. 
When I pointed out it was supposed to have grapefruit juice in it, he pulled out a can of grapefruit concentrate, pushed it towards me and advised me to mix it myself! Hilarious, really. I obediently took the can and the glasses back to my amused husband, and we had a nice drink of fruit juice. If there was rum in those drinks, we certainly couldn't taste it!
He charged us five dollars in total, which is fair enough I guess - for fruit juice. :)
However - we were prepared to give the place another go,  seeing as it was Thanksgiving, and he'd been the only bartender for the entire bar and restaurant that night. So we mooched back in a couple of nights later.
The drinks we ended up having were mediocre at best, and the bartender that night was equally disinterested and clueless when it comes to artful cocktails.  
There was some cringingly cheesy live music (thankfully not for too long).  The prices are high, the ambiance is stuffy, and the whole place has an overwhelming air of self-importance - entirely undeserved, quite frankly.
And the coup de grâce? They state that their (unremarkable) drinks menus have GPS chips embedded in them, so they can track them wherever they be - so WOE BETIDE the hapless thieving customer who just can't *resist* making off with such a treasure! Talk about insulting - and ridiculous! It's a complete lie, of course.
What do they do - charge their menus every night?? Now that would be worth the price of a drink to see...
There are so many amazing cocktail dens in NOLA. Please don't bother with this one.Great atmosphere, one of my favorite spots in New Orleans! Good food and great live music, really welcoming and romantic and social place to relax and listen to some good old jazzI can't speak for the entire restaurant, as I've only been here for the drinks at the bar and their happy hour specials.
With that disclaimer out of the way, I'll get straight to the point. The main purpose of most people who visit New Orleans and the French Quarter is to drink and eat good food. Now, there are many places to do both, but if you are on the older side of 30 and you prefer a little quieter spot, then look no further!
The drinks (on happy hour) are reasonably priced the happy hour food is really good!
The place leans on the darker side (lighting wise) so bring a flashlight or use the one on your phone.
I've had the Pimms #1 drink, the poutine, the pork street tacos, and the fries. All were very good.
The service here is top notch, and everyone is friendly.This is a hidden gem in the heart of new orleans! My wife and I came to Nola as a honeymoon and tried all sorts of different places, this ended up our favorite restaurant of the trip. We saw signs and brochures for it so we figured we would give it a try. The ambience is amazing and it really makes you feel like your in a British pub without losing the new orleans flare. The food choices were delicious. I recommend the fish and chips, and my wife had an amazing short rib steak that was to die for!   They make one of the best sazerac I tried this trip and have a full bar. Also, try the spanish ceasar salad, its a must! My recommendation is to sit with uncle Ross as your servee. Uncle Ross is knowledgeable and makes great recommendations on food items and he tells the best stories!Great food & drinks.  Great place if you are looking for a break from Bourbon StreetWe stopped in for drinks and appetizers during happy hour on a Friday evening, around 6. We sat at the bar which was really lovely, all of the vintage decor makes for a wonderful atmosphere for a drink. Moscow mule is always my drink of choice and these were the best I'd ever had, good to the very last drop. The pretzel and cheese sauce was a great snack, happy hour is a really great deal for a luxurious experience like the Bombay Club.Love this place. The environment is amazing, service and staff are top notch. Also you cannot beat their happy hour!Happy Hour was amazing! Poutine, pork belly tacos, and boudin wontons! Omg... I'm dying of southern goodness!
The bartenders were busy but really nice and welcoming. It was so good, when bartender said hey come back for jazz later... I am seriously considering it!Such a great ambience! Hands down one of my favorite restaurants. My boyfriend and I enjoy coming for a sit down meal with friends or just sitting at the bar and enjoying the bar menu. First off the boudin Scotch eggs are amazing! A must have! The cracklings and pimento cheese another of my favorites! If you're just popping in and wanna enjoy something good at the bar for lunch have the burger!  As for as dinner meals the redfish, filet and pork chop stand out as my favs. Always always get the bubbles and squeak as a side! And End your night with a cocktail on the couch enjoying the live music in the lounge area!It's been a while since I have been here for dinner..really before Katrina.  As it is a Late Night spot it used to be a favorite for me..I went there a few times with the Ex-Fiancee. She liked it so that says something cause she was so uppity and such a pain in the rear having owned her own restaurant.  I recall they actually got her Martini right the goofy specific ways she wanted it.  The food was good though I can't recall well what I had except for the flourless chocolate cake(something like that)..I know I enjoyed it and the meals.
  The main thing about the Bombay Club is the atmosphere. About a year ago, I took some out of town friends in there late one night as they were nearing closing and they very much enjoyed it, though we didn't eat.  The Bar is top notch, and the Patio is gorgeous and great for all you smokers to bop out there and get your fix.  I was busy making sure my friend Jenny didn't slide out of her chair as she got herself a bit hammered earlier and just sat there with a big silly grin.  My buddy Lance was running around talking to everyone and their mother when he made his way outside to smoke and he drummed up a conversation with Mr BowTie.(guy in a tux)...think New Orleans blue blood....
It's one of those things I am adding to my need to do again list...of course I guess I need to get another girlfriend or dining partner that likes to do the late night thing again..that and hope this damn lousy economy gets better..cause they don't take Lint for payment at the Bombay Club..its a bit pricey, especially if you are drinking(I don't but it seems anybody I date  takes up my slack).
In Summary, it's open late, the place is that posh British/Indian Club feel(go figure) with lots of leather and wood, it has private booths with curtains for a very private romantic dinner, and it very often has live music which just adds to the overall ambiance, the bar is top notch and the patio is nice for you addicts that need to duck out and grab some personally polluted air.We went here on a Wednesday. The restaurant was intimate and cozy. The food was excellent but maybe closer to a three $$$ restaurant.I ordered the crab cake appetizer, spinach salad and pan fried drum with asparagus and lyonnaise potatoes.  The crab cake was more like a croquet (battered with bread crumbs or corn meal) then fried.  The drum was good but it had been battered then fried; although the menu mentioned pan fried, not battered and fried.  There was no asparagus; it was served with a ton of onions instead.This is probably my favorite place to go for drinks, if I were to choose a single venue in the city for an evening out with friends. The restaurant manager, Charles, is a cool guy, therefore knowing that someone relatively interesting is managing the bar makes up for the expensive cocktails. Being a cocktail barman myself, I must say that their cocktail menu is one of the best in the city. Not to mention they provide an absinthe drip here too, for someone like me that literally goes through withdrawal from the emerald muse and needs a little green in my glass every once in awhile. 
The ambiance is lovely. The Bombay Club is beautiful and the music is always good. When you enter the premises, you know you're going to be hearing good music-- jazz and lounge singers-- instead of some of the terrible music one would hear elsewhere. This place is right up my alley. The music typically begins at 9PM, so it's better to arrive fashionably late. Also, don't take too much offense to not being seated in one of the curtained booths. Honestly, if I were the bar manager, I would only seat the upscale spenders and VIPS here myself. This is probably the closest one is going to get to an authentic speakeasy-style bar in New Orleans. Unfortunately we don't have a Mata Hari's like Savannah, Georgia, but there are several places, such as the Bombay Club that halfway meets the requirements for that old-timey speakeasy that I personally would prefer any day of the week, rather than the many hipster dive bars that people my age are supposed to haunt.Great looking place. Very nice bartenders. 4$ happy hours and not too pretentious vide.
Very clean bathrooms. Fresh decor.  Big difference comparing to Bourbon St sh%& holes.Amazing food and service! Becks is the best waitress ever! The drinks and the band made the night really mellow and relaxing.We had Eggs Benedict, steak and eggs, and the bottomless mimosas..All were delicious! The steak was a perfect portion and cooked well.Food is pretty delicious! But I would mainly come here for some fries, drinks, and live music. It's a nice place, with books as decoration. Dark. Good if you're coming just to enjoy a calm environment. Maybe sit out in the patio if you really want to have a conversation. Beautiful place~Back again.  Last night's Pimms left me wanting more.  Too stuffed for a main course.  A side of vegetables  and fries seemed like a good choice.  It was!
Roasted cauliflower and mushrooms.  Delicious.  I couldn't discern the herbs but it was just scrumptious.  Fries were fresh.  Dipping sauce was ketchup with a kick.  Yum.  The Pimms was perfect.
This place is a hidden gem.  Away from the French Quarter craziness.  Quiet bar area with an efficient staff who truly care about your experience.Great atmosphere if you want to enjoy the beauty of NOLA without dealing with Bourbon st. Delicious food and drinks. A must.I booked a dinner at The Bombay Club as a surprise birthday present for my friend and her boyfriend.  Having been there before I knew this would be the perfect classy surprise. WOW is all I have to say.  From the moment I spoke with the manager of the restaurant and bar (Bret Daniel) to make a reservation, I could tell my friend was in good hands.  My friend and her boyfriend are seasoned NYC foodies, and they raved about the service, the food, the drinks (they really are something else), the music, and the general attention that was paid to them on their special night at The Bombay Club.  The table was elegantly decorated with flowers and a special bottle of Rose on the side, and the manager and chef both came by to check in on the couple during the night.  My friend was so impressed that she (very very) briefly Facetimed me to say thank you and show me how beautifully the semi-private booth was decorated (and it was gorgeous - movie worthy!).  I can't wait to go back to New Orleans - The Bombay Club seems to have stepped it up another notch.  The best part was the manager Bret ended up giving my friend suggestions about places to go after the dinner that were among her best experiences in New Orleans.  Thank you Bombay Club Team (and especially Bret) for making that night so special.  And hats off to the chef.I had dinner there on 4/30/11.  When we arived the place was not yet busy. We had a party of 9 and told the manager (Richard) that we wanted to have a bite while listening to the the live entertainment.  He seated us in the patio.  When I asked the waitress if we could hear the music from the patio we were told - no problem, we have speakers out here and you wil be able to hear everything.  To save time we ordered off the bar menu (burgers, salads, oysters, etc.).  After TWO hours we had not yet been served.  The waitress kept saying that the kitchen was busy.  We asked to speak to the manager to explain our situation and he was very arrogant and unapologetic and told us "What did you expect?  This is Jazzfest weekend."  A simple apology would have been nice.  Meanwhile, our friends who sat inside and arrived after us had ordered, been served and were done with their dinners. When the burgers finally arrived they were cold.  My son-in-law's burger did not get served - we were told that they had run out of buns and had to go get more.  After another 30 minutes the waitress informed him that they now had the buns, but were out of fries and would he accept mashed potatoes.  The oysters rockefeller we ordered were nothing more than 4 fried oysters on a plate.  Meanwhile the entertainment had started inside and we could hear nothing.  I asked the waitress if she could turn on the speakers so we could listen to the entertainment.  She came back and told us that she was sorry but the speakers only played MP3 music and not the live music - so no live music in the patio.  When all was said and one almost 3 hours later we got the bill with no adjustments and a 20% gratuity included.  We asked the waitress to see if the manager could adjust our bill in light of our debacle in the patio.  The bill came back with a 10% adjustment.  When confronted on our way out, the manager (Richard) told us  that "it wasn't our fault"!  I don't usually do reviews, but this was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had.  The manager was an arrogant, unapologetic, disenguous asshole.  I will never step foot in this place again, and I will tell everyone I know to never go there.We dined at Bombay Club Martini Bar & Restaurant for our birthday. There were so many choices in the New Orleans area that it was hard to choose, especially since it was our first time going. Bombay Club stood out because of the atmosphere and daily jazz performances. We were very happy with our experience, we were greeted very friendly by the host and found our reservation very quickly. He asked us what brought us to the area and we said our birthdays. Luckily we got seated at the private booth, which was a wonderful surprise. Our server was super friendly (sadly I'm horrible with names), she recommended a few items on the menu and took her time to answer our questions. The host then surprised us with two glasses of champagne and wished us happy birthday. Even though it was a tad busy, our server took her time and made sure everything came out properly. I even over herd her telling the bartender, not to put strawberries in our drink(sadly allergic). The food was delicious and had so much flavor. The jazz trio was amazing and added a special element to our night. Thank you again for making our birthday dinner a wonderful one.Excellent spot. What made it particularly special was Dat the maitre 'd. He went out of his way to ensure we were taken care of and addressed questions we had with astute observations of the menu. His recommendations and attention to detail made the night for us far beyond $500+ dinners in Miami Atlanta and new York. If you come here make sure you request him when he is waiting tables.Came back to Bombay Club this weekend based on an exceptional first experience one night out for small plates and craft cocktails. This return visit wasn't as memorable, but it was a nice way to celebrate a birthday together. 
The cocktails were a bit hit-and-miss this visit. Both the  caipirinha and bramble were sweet, while the gin rickey lacked lime. 
The small plates options were less appealing this time, so we went with one to share then entrees. The gnocchi was tasty and creative in its unusual texture. The crisp exterior and soft inside differed from the traditional soft gnocchi in a good way.  
The tagliatelle with fresh vegetables and chicken was delicious. The pompano was expertly prepared but overwhelmed but a dense, heavy, smoky hollandaise. 
An overall pleasant dining experience was brought down a little by a boisterous bachelorette party overwhelming our corner of the room.The Bombay Club was conveniently located near our hotel. Excellent happy hour prices and extensive cocktail menu. Wonderful "Coolinary Menu" during the month of August 2017 - $19.95 for prix fixe appetizer, entree and dessert. Very nice service and we were thankful they stayed open later (past 11pm) to serve us dinner.This place employs people like Ross who care for their customers. I came in late and he took care of me and my girlfriend instead of telling us that their kitchen is closing. Come here and have a conversation and some good food.This place is tucked deep inside the Prince Conti Hotel off of Bourbon Street. I never even knew it was there, frankly. I discovered it on the list for Coolinary month and I am so glad I did! Every dish on the three course menu was perfection: the chilled avocado & crab soup was deliciously refreshing, the pan-seared salmon in doll vinaigrette was super tender & savory, and the country peach pie a la mode was so good; it reminded me of a warm Hubig's. My server Alex was warm, friendly, and attentive. A great experience all around!My husband and I went for Christmas Reveillon dinner, and were blown away. The atmosphere was fantastic, and the wait staff and bartenders were all marvelous. The food was incredible, and their drink selection was amazing as well.Great atmosphere, awesome staff, amazing food. Definitely off the beaten path of the french quarter. 
This place is a great place to go late at night and get a drink and something to eat. 
There usually is live music playing on the weekends and the kitchen doesn't close till midnight. 
They also have a great drink list. 
I'll be back.Very good.  Took my wife for her birthday
Great drinks and food.  Mussels were tasty but should be served with bread. Banana pie was excellent.The absinthe here was better than the Old Absinthe House in presentation, quality, authenticity, and price.
We sat in the courtyard with our big group for a bachelor party.  The staff was hit and miss.  At times they were courteous, but they also seemed to be annoyed by us. We were not an obnoxious group, though we were big and certainly made a little noise. However, in the courtyard, we weren't bothering anyone else. 
Only food I tried was the calamari and it was pretty good.Great restaurant my boyfriend and I went there for date night and got first class service. Great happy hour deals. Food was mediocre, considering the price tag.Has so much potential, but the service in this place was AWFUL. The first time we came in here, we asked if the kitchen was open, and we were told it was closed, so we left for a spell to grab some eats across the street, and returned to hear some live music about a half hour later. The second round we sat down and  waited 45 minutes at a table before a waitress even bothered to ask me what I wanted to drink.  There was supposed to be a one drink minimum that night, as I was there to see my family members play!!! After I tried to order one of their signature cocktails, they told me they were out of the alcohol to make it. OUT OF SIGNATURE ALCOHOL DURING JAZZFEST???? Is that really a position you should even allow yourself to be in?? So then, I figured I can't go wrong with a two ingredient drink. OH HOW NAIVE I WAS. Didn't know you could feck up a Jack and Sprite, but I'm pretty sure they mistakened bourbon for bitters, because there was only a few shakes of it in my Sprite. For the price of me going to Tonic a few blocks over, and having a proper mixed cocktail.  And to add more insult to injury, they were bringing hot plates out of the "Closed Kitchen"  over an hour after it allegedly closed. Two things I don't like, being lied to, and weak-ass drinks.Finding food on Fat Tuesday evening was kind of a mess last night, but walking around The Bombay Club was surprisingly open! We'd been drinking a lot throughout the day, and wanted some good food to replenish our spirits. We were asked if we'd made reservations when we walked up but we did not but they offered us a table outside on their enclosed patio. It was actually really nice outside on the patio though. One wall was covered in icy greens and had a fountain in the corner. I was glad we sat outside because it felt warm inside. People were dressed to the nines in their shiny sequined dresses, while we were in Mardi Gras themed fun T-shirts, but it didn't matter to them!
The Duck and Andouille Gumbo was on the lighter side but delicious. It had the teensiest bit of potato salad in the middle too, which I'm not sure if that's unique to their gumbo or not, but I really liked it.
The Seared Gulf Fish over dirty rice was topped with lump crab and buttered hollandaise like broccolini. This really hit the spot since the taste was flavorful and it was a nice little break to eat a dish that wasn't fried. Don't get me wrong... I love fried dishes too but this savory fish was awesome even without being fried!
Boudin Scotch Egg. Great taste and breaded in yummy goodness. It was an appetizer but like an entree since it sat on a bed of red beans. 
Fish and Chips. My husband just had to order this too. So much for a break in fried stuff, but I welcomed the familiar dish with open taste buds! I've had a lot of fish and chips in my day and this one was maybe not the best, but definitely one of the better ones we've enjoyed. 
I know we just walked up to this restaurant so we had no idea what to expect. It's definitely a nicer, more spendy type place but we wanted something that brought more than just a slice of pizza and daiquiris which was what Bourbon Street seemed to be filled with on Mardi Gras Fat Tuesday. It was so hard to get anywhere with the crowds so we were so happy and relieved to find The Bombay Club - service, food, and hospitality all bundled up in our evening's refuge!Cool atmosphere. Service was a bit slow. Food was just ok. Had the fish and chips for $22. I think Captain D's has them beat. This is definitely a place to come drink and listen to live music, not really the dinner spot.The best pimento cheese and fish and chips I've ever had! Loved are little nook with a curtain too! This place was great.One of my favorite places to get a night cap in a dimly lit room with the nice quiet mulling of people talking over the sound of a pianist......UNTIL the parents and their loud mouth daughter (From FLORIDA) started taking soooo loud in Spanish and English. All you could hear was the babble of an ill-mannered spoiled brat embarrassing her parents when the mother spilled her cocktail.  We quickly grabbed the check and left. I would have had another Turf Club but,  the distraction preventing relaxation was overwhelming.  I might as well have been on Bourbon Street.
I still love this place.This is a great find a few steps from Bourbon Street. It is like a private club, on the order of the Brown Derby or Casablanca. You must try the Brussel sprouts as appetizer . They were the best we have ever had anywhere .I ordered the Bouillabaisse. It was great, especially the soup . 
The only disappointment was that my wife ordered the short ribs, only to be told they would not be ready until 7 PM.
They have romantic booths for 2, seated side by side. Prices are moderate.
Jim Beatty
Bound Brook, NJCame here for happy hour with my husband and it was such a great time. The decor was classy, old fashioned, and elegant. It was like stepping back in time. The drinks were phenomenally priced!! A glass of wine for $3!!! And a great daiquiri for $5! I was sold! Then we tried the Cajun poutine and man oh man! It was incredible! For only $4, absolutely amazing!!If you're looking to have your dinner partner fall in love with you, take her to listen to Monty play the piano and sing at the Bombay Club. No, seriously. Do it now. Demand that she put on a nice dress, get yourself in a suit (hint: guys, if you're not wearing, at the very least, SLACKS to take your lady on a date at a place like this she is going to feel seriously cheated for agreeing to go anywhere with you),Buy her a cocktail with every course (I HIGHLY recommend the Monkey Gland, even without food), force her to get an appetizer, entree, and dessert (get the aged port to go with whichever dessert you choose), and make sure you open the door for her, coming and going. This is a nice place and it's worth every penny... just like your lady.Good food, good location, and great service! It's an absolute treasure! Perfect for date night and they have jazz music playing @ 8pm. My BF and I agree this would be perfect for date night. I didn't have any drinks but they have a good selection from what I saw.
Burgers was yummy! It could have had a better bun tho.I went to Bombay Club years back, a week before Katrina hit New Orleans. Their salmon were succulent, nice ambiance. Not sure if Bombay club still as good as before, but It was good enough for me to come up here years after to write about it. I might have to make another road trip. Sighs...things I do for food.Happy hour in the courtyard was wonderful! We had the Caesar salad, duo of beets, pretzels with cheese sauce and poutine. For drinks we had champagne Cheryl, sparkling rose  and a midtown.The poutine was so good, we ate it in 2 minutes and ordered another. Our waiter Rashaad was helpful, very friendly and attentive. I highly recommend. Happy hour prices were great!This place is the second best martini bar I have ever been to (following closely behind Lola's in Los Angeles). I spent portions of several evenings perched at the bar on my last visit, sampling many of the 150 varieties of martinis they have on the menu. There appears to martini for all kinds of taste and alcohol preferences. My favorite is the Wedding Cake Martini, which I have been trying to recreate at home since my last visit 2 years ago. The bartender, Catherine, was more than willing to show me how.
I originally read about Bombay Club when it was voted the #1 martini in town on another website. I was a bit concerned that this would be too snooty a bar to enjoy in New Orleans. Catherine was perhaps the most helpful, open and charming bartenders I have ever encountered. She took time out to converse with all of the patrons seated nearby, kind of like you see bartenders on TV.
It looks like this place has a good menu but I have been too engaged in martini sipping to even think about food. My only disappointment recently was the lack of customers. I know that many business are struggling post-Katrina. Sadly, that has also adversely affected the qulaity and friendliness of service at some establishments but not at Bombay.
Do yourself a favor and stop by the Bombay on your next visit. It is less than a block north of Bourbon and worth a few extra steps.Had heard so much about Bombay Club and was very excited about checking it out with a wedding party that I was with this past weekend. 
First off, from the moment you walk in, you feel like you're in a very swanky train car and I loved that. Bombay Club has dim lighting to set the mood and makes you feel like you're a VIP in an exclusive hidden speak-easy. 
The thing that I was most impressed with were the drinks. They have a book full of custom cocktails (some common ones but mostly ones that their bartenders have created). Every single person at our table loved their drinks and each one was like a work of art. 
When it comes to food, I had mixed feelings. We ordered the scotch egg and the Brussels with tomato jam and those were delicious. However, the entrees were a bit of a flop. I got the steak and fries and it was decent. Most of the table got the fish plate and it was WAYYYY overseasoned. The shrimp and grits seemed to be a hit for those that ordered it in our group. The quality and taste of the meals didn't seem to be consistent across the board. 
As far as service, our server was overall good and attentive. He did make a few comments that made us give him side eye though like while talking to some of the ladies in our group he said, "Now for the ladies, I have these super fruity and flowery drinks that are usually a hit." Felt pretty misogynistic and ironic since we were a group of whiskey drinkers. 
Overall the experience was kind of meh and for the price I doubt I'd be back for dinner. Maybe for drinks and apps during a happy hour but certainly not for a full meal.I visited briefly w/ 3 friends on 1/5.  I advised said friends that the worst 2 mistakes you can make is visiting the attached eatery to the hotel you're staying at, and to go in a place w/o a posted menu.
Well, even though I've visited NOLA before and knew you couldn't throw a rock in the French Qtr. w/o hitting a restaurant, I was overruled for "quickness" sake of looking.
So we sit down and I open the menu and see a $21 fish & chips and $14 cheeseburger.  Then we have a nice waiter spend about 5 minutes explaining the menu, even the burger!  Well, that just ties it for me, and I excuse myself and walk out.  So the rest of the report is comments from my friends...
One said, "expensive but quite good."  One other did not rave, but noted the expense.  The third ordered the cheeseburger w/o cheese, and was immediately warned that the chef "couldn't/wouldn't" make it that way.  WTF???!!!  A chef that's "insulted" by "changing" a dish by simply leaving off the cheese for a lactose intolerant person???
We've all had friends that worked food service, and they know it's a HUGE mistake to upset the kitchen staff.  NOTE TO MANAGEMENT, get a hold of your chef and tell him to give the customers what THEY NEED as well as what they want!!!
1 star from me, 3 from my friends.This is a great place to take a date. Romantic atmosphere, tasteful music and awesome drinks. If you are looking to impress a date this is the place to go.I came for the atmosphere and the drinks. It's a hidden little gem, live slow jazzy music. Great place to unwind and just relax listen to music, and have a drink after a long day. I order the "front porch" which is a grapefruit infused prosecco cocktail, refreshing in this hot humid weather. Service was amazing.This place is quaint, cozy, and has an eclectic menu of marvelous chef creations. Enjoyed both specials of the evening and our server, Becks, was outstanding. She helped us with some fabulous suggestions. Be sure to ask for her!The drinks were delicious and the bar staff was fabulous... we had a reservation and when we arrived the hostess was surprised to see us, no tables available. We were later placed in an overcrowded area with a very busy server. While the food was good, it took over 2 hours to make it to the table (we were a table of 3). Multiple managers, servers, and even a chef came by to apologize, even offering free drinks and desserts. At the end of the day, they still charged full price for everything (even the things they offered as free to make up for the delay). I won't be going back.Came here two nights in a row for happy hour. The food is ok, but the drinks are on point. Awesome bartenders mix a mean drink, be sure to ask Bret for a "setara" cocktail- mezcal with a tobacco bitters. The bar has a great atmosphere that makes for a classy and quiet escape from the rest of the French quarter.We didn't really know what to expect as we were walking in but were immediately taken in by the dim lighting, dark wood paneled walls, and soft jazz playing. Great recommendation by our hotel concierge. 
Our server (Lindsay) was absolutely outstanding from the moment she introduced herself. Her recommendations were outstanding and everything we ordered was delightful. The ginger beer braised beef ribs were perfection as were the salad, fish, and dessert specials. Lindsay did a wonderful job educating us on their drink menus and really honing in on what I was looking for. My wife was delighted with her French Martini. 
The managers checked on us repeatedly throughout the evening to ensure our experience was excellent and for that we were very appreciative. 
The jazz band (Tim Laughlin Trio) was wonderful and was a great way to wind down after dinner. 
All in all, a tremendous find for us and one we've already recommended.Good food and good ambience. 
One of the best mussels I have eaten in my life. 
Totally recommend to anyone who want to enjoy fine cooking.Food is A-Mazing! Service is impeccable, and the restaurant not only has live jazz, but is a hidden and gorgeous gem in the middle of the French Quarter. The owner personally thanked us for our business as well--A+ service all around!  If you are looking for a romantic evening with some soft jazz and amazing food and service, this is the place!Essentially tucked into a garage, this spot wowed us with the boudin and crab beignets as a snack after we checked into the hotel, so we came back for brunch. Well worth it. Service - 5 stars, food - 5 stars, sitting in a perfect little courtyard - 5 stars. The heavenly hash was the best I've ever had, and since my wife and I were splitting they brought it out on two plates. Along with the hash we got Caesar and the cheddar grits along with $10 bottomless mimosas  very happy with the experience and would highly recommend if you are in the French quarter.Smoking hot outside but inside it's cool. there is jazz playin, food is delicious  and we had a private table what more could you ask for in New Orleans!Hmmm...somewhat conflicted on what to review this place as the service wasn't that great, it was in a kind of odd location of the hotel (i.e. you had to walk into the garage to get to it, as far as i could tell), and my dirty martini was no better than elsewhere - and they have you add the olive juice yourself (i'd said how i wanted mine VERY dirty...he said sure you add your own juice so you can make it as dirty or non dirty as you want...well..if i want dirty, why would i care to add less juice myself? id rather you throw it all in there.)
Boyfriend got a cucumber martini - which had both gin and vodka, although he tried to add more vodka and less gin (as we dont like gin) - and he thought it tasted like straight liquor and wasn't refreshing in the least (as most cucumber drinks are).
I added absolutely all of my olive juice (which was difficult as the glass was nearly full to begin with, but sadly it wasnt all vodka) - and it was JUST dirty enough...bartender was quick to greet us and give us menus despite the bar being crowded, but then somewhat disappeared for long periods at a time..
While boyfriend had read the drinks were expensive, we'd expected them to be only slightly more than nola generally - and way less than nyc - which was the case.  2 Huge martinis = $27ish, so at least we weren't floored by the bill.
I'd return for another quick drink - cute old school nola ambiance and a jazz singer, fire on the tv screen, etc. - but wouldnt likely spend an entire night here.  I would recommend it to tourists to stop by - not dirty feeling like so many old school nola places (ie arnauds subway tiled floors) - although the ceiling is a nasty drop ceiling they painted green should you actually look up.Incredible experience! We went to The Bombay Club to celebrate my friend who is getting married. The six of us ordered a signature cocktail ($12)and almost all of the appetizers ($9-11) on the menu to share. Food and drinks were both OUTSTANDING but what made the night incredibly special was our waitress, Claire. She went above and beyond - from helping us decide what drinks to order based of what we typically enjoy to giving us suggestions of places to see and things to do after dinner, Claire was kind, attentive and knowledgeable. She absolutely made our experience at The Bombay Club one of the highlights of our trip! Thank you Claire!Great service food and music. Great place to go on sat night. Had steak with bernaise sauce. M had scallops with crawfish beignets. Never heard of it before, they were the best dish on the table, Magnificent!  A had lamb, he said it was great. Music was fun, a little loud.Excellent food and ambience!! Loved it. Gulf fish with chorizo rice was out of the world.Excellent food, but service could be better
I was here the week of Mardi Gras for work and my colleague and I decided to have dinner here.  It's on the side street of Bourbon street so away from the noise and dirtiness of the street.  The ambiance is pretty dark inside.  It was really hard to see and I'm not too sure if i like it.  I could barely see where i was walking and I think there was an outside patio, but i could not see because it was so dark.  The chairs were huge, kinda like armchairs and very plushed.  It reminds me of an old-boy's club because of the decor of it.  
For my entree, I ordered the duck & foie gras and the others had the pork porterhouse and I believe a rib-eye steak (it was humongous).  They had a special menu for the week of Valentine's s.  The rib-eye was suppose to be cooked medium rare, but it came out seriously red.  We had to ask them to cook it up again and when it was brought back only half of it came back.  We didn't complain since it was such a big piece already, but we did think it was odd how it didn't come back the same size.  All of the dishes were amazingly tasteful and seasoned very well.  However, it took us over 30 mins to get our food and the place wasn't even busy.  Not only did we have to wait a long time it took them forever to even give us some bread.  Most places give you bread after you order, but we had to ask them for it.  We were sohungry that by the time our food arrived we were starving!  
Great food, but the waiting was far too long. We were probably in that restaurant for 2hrs and most of it was waiting for our dishes to come out or for service.  I won't mind coming here again, but only if i got lots of time to spare.I have been here twice now -- came right back during my next visit to NOLA because I loved the combination of great live music (every night of the week), amazing food and delicious cocktails so much. Try any of the appetizers -- we ordered a second round (and skipped the entree), they are so good. Highly recommended.Yep, best martini in the city. Hands down. Food menu didn't excite me but that want why I was there.Our French Quarter host took us here to his favorite local place "Where everyone knows your name" literally. It was like coming to your friends house. The bartender Alex was the star as he made a cocktail for my wife based on what she says she likes. Rock Star!  The cheeseburger was awesome. I had a great discussion on bourbons. The live jazz band was excellent and the seating at the bar was very comfortable. We will be back before we leave!Snooty, arrogant, and rude.  Had to practically beg for service.  Finally gave up and left.Had a nice atmosphere, but we were disappointed by the service of our waiter. After he brought our entrees, we did not see him for 35 minutes and we had to ask the bartender for a refill on our drinks. My dish was very good except for the four large pieces of shell that were still attached to the crab meat.
The alligator and grits was a great appetizer and the ambiance was very nice. 
Live music started at 7:30 on Sunday when we went.Decided to give them another chance to get things right. I was hopefully optimistic that improvements would be made, that a return to the concepts that made the original club great might have happened. 
I'm sorry to say, mediocre corporate mentality prevails. This place is a vanilla over priced tourist destination. Drinks are small and expensive. To order a simple hamburger became a troubling event. 
Tried to order medium rare..."our chef prepares it medium" excuse me, but for fourteen dollars I want it my way. Well I'll request it and see, a said my waiter...bye bye see you later. 
The waiter was rude and condescending. He acted as if I were trying his patience. This for asking for a hamburger medium rare. 
Again the music was elevator jazz. Not one iota of feeling. This place is a dud. It hasn't adjusted, and is worse then my last visit. Avoid going here. Go up on Frenchman's and experience the real deal.Couldn't decide what to order so I opted for a basic cheeseburger!  It was wonderful! My husband ordered the Fried chicken and cheese grits he was thrilled with his meal. Very juicy and tasty chicken and he said the cheese grits were delicious!We went here with my sister-n-law for our 20th anniversary dinner while staying at the Prince Conti Hotel where the restaurant/bar is located.  The Club is dimly lit with massive chairs surrounding most tables. We sat in what felt like over-sized recliners at a crowded table even having to use pillows on some of the chair so as to not sink three feet to the floor. While somewhat charming, they need to fix those seats.
The room is crowded and stuffed with seating and walls crammed with things you would expect to see in Mr. Higgin's office while eating a late dinner with Magnum PI.  Despite its sausage-like casing approach to decor and seating, the room does maintain a good bit of charm; enough to sustain appeal over disappointment.
The bar brags about its martini's, yet mine was not out - of - the - park. It wasn't bad, just nothing stellar.  My wife enjoyed a French 75 and we opened up a chilled bottle of champagne to celebrate the grace of God in our double-decade relationship.
We shared the flash fried Asian calamari dish which is served with sweet chili sauce  and a Sambal-lime sour cream. The flavors worked well together although I did find the crispness compromised by the sauce.  I ordered an oyster and brie soup and blackened sea scallops for dinner. Both were lovely, exuding oceanic creaminess and savory flavor notes from the start to finish. The scallops were accompanied by a crushed corn sauce, Brabant potatoes and a tasso and crawfish hash.
Live music was a nice addition to the ambiance during our meal with a solo pianist gently playing smooth standards in the background.
Next time I come, I need to pay more attention to the interior funkiness and order more cocktails and  report on my findings. Till then...Really enjoyed the atmosphere and Sunday brunch. Everything was delicious and the service by Nick was excellent. Nick was very attentive and provided great information to do in the city.Fun atmosphere, great food and a great location. The fried Brussels sprouts and truffle tagliatelle were fantastic!Excellent food and so-so service, I went here with TUCP board members for our annual dinner and the food was great! Went back a second time with a date and the food was great!
There is a bar up front with a piano if you want to jump in and play a tune...hahhaha
That apple brie salad was great, oyster rockefeller and the shrimp cocktail. This place is located in the Quarters and is located in an alleyway so make sure you watch where you are going if you are going at night, parking---there is no parking so you have to find one of those pre-pay parking lots or one that has an attendant.if youre into speakeasy craft drinks, this is the place.  expertly made.  our bartender even admitted he messed one drink up and before serving it he remade it correctly for us due to one small detail he missed.  they make sure every drink goes out perfectly.  cozy piano playing.Although we went there for a wedding anniversary dinner, this is a great spot for a girl's night out, date night, happy hour, etc... It feels upscale, in an old school-Sinatra-steakhouse kinda way. It's supposed to mimic a British upper-crust bar. But also very comfortable, casual vibe. I'm not sure why this place isn't more "happening," given the chef is a Restaurant R'Evolution alum and the bar manager, Blake Kaiser, has his own impressive resume. But there were very few people in the place (well, it was a Tuesday night). And so, we got the royal treatment. Blake treated us to glasses of champagne and a pre-dinner martini. The chef sent out a complimentary appetizer. We also loved the Scottish eggs, with a delicious yoke cooked to a creamy perfection, and pretty tasty crawfish hushpuppies over collard greens. For our mains, blackened pork chops and brie stuffed flounder. Very nicely done. Afterward, the chef came over and chatted with us, which was a really nice touch. And in the background, a pianist played some nice tunes and sang in a way that was not overbearing -- just gave the evening a nice, swank vibe (think old timey supper club). We left in great spirits, promising to spread the word -- and return for more of Blake's specialty martinis (a must have on any visit). Oh, and special shout-out to our waiter, Roscoe, who was attentive and entertaining. If you are looking for romance, ask for a private booth or a table on the quaint little patio (though a seat outside removes you from the typical nightly entertainment)!Barbeque shrimp was awful. Seemed close to raw covered in some cheap sauce. Just disgusting. The Ceasar Salad with chicken was OK. Chicken was sub par. This place is a highly over rated tourist trap.Eh...nice atmosphere and calm.  But the steak came out cold and was so greasy I couldn't finish it.  The waiter was nice though.  Overpriced for the quality of food.I end up here mainly for the bar and not the food.  The food is decent but there are really far better places to eat for the price and this is a fantastically great place to get your fancy drink on.  This place is certainly more on the expensive side and definitely a spot you want to dress to impress.  The atmosphere has a bit of a fancy British pub look to it and they are one of the few places to actually ENFORCE their dress code.  They have a great rectangular bar that dominates the space with side booths that have curtains you can pull closed (similar to Crescent City Steakhouse) and a nice little courtyard.  They often have music here and this place is a fantastic place to enjoy a civilized night out in the French Quarter.This place has a STELLAR cocktail menu and ambiance to spare. I only had time to stay for one aviation but I'll make a point on my next New Orleans trip to linger and have a few more drinks. Your wallet may not appreciate an extended visit here, but I guarantee you will. (Obviously this review is for the bar portion only but I plan to try the food next time!)Great décor, very classy.  Excellent happy hour food specials (definitely recommend the pork belly tacos) and Pimm's cup is good too.  Eager to try the martinis.The Crackilin Crusted Fish and Chips was great!the appetizer was amazing, Boudin Scotch Eggs are a must have.  Th Smoked Bangers and Grits was very dry and the grits were undercooked, not recommended. The management heard our complaint and took care of it. Very romantic ambiance. I would highly recommend for a special occasion.This place is so great. The atmosphere is perfect - dim like a dive bar but with cool alcoves for tables and an upscale vibe. The food was delicious. We took the bartender's suggestions and weren't disappointed. The cocktails were spot-on. It was a great first meal in New Orleans for our trip. We even left our card and Alex, our bartender, came running after us. Thank you for the food and drink, Alex! We'll be back next time.Bombay is under a new management and I must say it is very good.   We went into the French Quarter for St. Patrick's day weekend and decided to stop by for appetizers and martinis.   
The decor is the same; very nice with Jazz or R&B music.  They also have a lovely courtyard.   We ordered $3 wine special as well as mixed drinks (We had the Martinis).   We sat at the bar and the staff was friendly and attentive.  We ordered appetizers (pork rinds and Lyonnaise potatoes).  We also received by accident shrimp lettuce wraps which were complimented for us.  (Thank you General Manager Christopher).  
While we enjoyed the bar the courtyard was very peaceful amongst the noise in the French Quarter.  
All in all the cost was reasonable, the location was just off the French Quarter (which is a good thing) and the staff was excellent.  I would suggest this place to any visitors.  
I would love to hear from anyone who has stayed at the hotel. 
Cajun QueenExceptional cuisine so what we loved was the perfectly cooked filet mignonette with Stilton and Bernaise. Mike had redfish blackened over succotash. We were seated in a cozy curtained booth within listening of the pianist. Good service always attentive but not too much. We each had a martini. A gin Gibson and a vodka martini classic. Gin is stirred n vodka shaken! Intimate and highly appreciated muted surroundings allowed conversation w no distraction other than my date..he has beautiful eyes.At last night's Royal Street Stroll, The Bombay Club served a short rib slider with spicy coleslaw and pimento cheese on a soft slider bun. 
It was so delicious...I had 3. The Bombay Club's staff at last night's event was super personal and energetic. They spoke about their Culinary Chef and the menu options they have at their venue/restaurant.Really enjoy this place and try to stop at least once each time I'm in New Orleans. It is classy and cozy. The happy hour is exceptional featuring a delicious cocktail and appetizers as well as nicely priced beer and wine. Well worth taking a short walk from Bourbon St. to find it.I've never eaten here but I'm definitely a fan of the Bombay Club for a pre-dinner drink. Hubby and I have stopped in here twice now. The first being as a last stop on the cocktail walking tour, and the last time because we stayed at the Prince Conti hotel and the Bombay Club just so happens to be right downstairs. 
I know it's a little cliche and girly but I ordered a cosmo. It was the perfect combination of slightly sweet, slightly tangy and fairly intoxicating. I'm not a big fan of tons of cranberry in my cosmo and The Bombay Club seems to get it just right.
The ambiance is really nice. Dark and cozy with nice music that doesn't try to overwhelm you when you're having a conversation. My friends took FOREVER getting ready so I had a second cosmo which just might have been a mistake...This was a nice experience.  The bartender was friendly and shared some history of the building and some of the drinks. Dinner was great and our server was attentive without being pushy. I loved the atmosphere at this restaurant.Excellent restaurant. The ambience provides a nice respite from the raucousness of the rest of town, but the food was also top-notch, service was very friendly and knowledgeable and the live Jazz keeps it fun. Sit at the bar and chat up the bartenders if you like learning about new drinks - they know their stuff.One of the classiest dining and drinking establishments in town.
The Bombay Club, hidden inside a hotel, welcomes you with piano music and well dressed servers.  The lights are dimmed and the seats are packed a little tight to encourage an intimate drinking experience.  With 52 specialty cocktails engulfing the rich history of the French Quarter, you'll find yourself captured by the diverse flavors for every occasion.
The skilled bartenders make artful, and pricey drinks for the true gentleman or lady, taking time and care to craft your beverage.  Each drink feels so smooth and delicious, that you can forget how much alcohol they put inside, and you can find yourself swimming in good spirits by the end of your stay.  The rest of the staff is of utmost professionalism, but still friendly and encouraging, making recommendations both on personal experience and on their customers preferences.  
The Bombay Club is not your drink up with the boys type of a bar.  Come in with good friends, your parents, your significant other, and enjoy the closeness and relaxing experience.Nice atmosphere and very good service. The food is good in general, on the salty side. 
We were a large group and ordered several dishes. 
The gnocchi was excellent and we all loved it. The Brussels sprouts were very good too. The New Orleans BBQ shrimp was very salty. The charred hanger steak was good too, a bit salty. The Tagiatelle was excellent. My favorite was the gnocchi. 
The drinks were very very good. The "all shook up" was the best. Not too sweet. Just perfect. 
Nice music. Piano.
Desserts- king's cake with bacon was interesting, but no one loved it. The apple cheese pastry with ice cream was very very good.I was very much looking forward to visiting the Bombay Club.  We walked half way through the French quarter just to get here, and they were closed.  We called and someone answered the phone only to tell us they were closed, and they knew yelp had them listed as open.  Will never visit this establishment after this ordeal. A complete waste of time.I had a very surreal night here about a million years ago and then didn't come back for years...but I've been back several times over the last couple of months. Always for cocktails and not yet for food...
Over the summer I led an assortment of relatives in for a family wedding for a solid cocktail experience, we got an assortment of beverages and everyone was happy. The bartenders are solid and are friendly without being over the top.
The atmosphere is dark and woody, even on a bright summer's day. It can feel like a cool oasis when hot. It is a bit odd to wander up the driveway of the hotel to get to the space, and this week an inconsiderate driver almost hit me with his car door, so be careful as you walk in or out.
The happy hour is pretty decent with a good price on a white and red and a couple of beers plus whatever the cocktail of the day is. And then there are small plates for $5 I think.we stayed at the hotel next door, so the location was perfect the restaurant / bar itself have a old english Man Cave vibe very dark and cold . But I liked the atmosphere they have a catalog book  of different cocktails , bourbons selection not a big meal for food but very good ,well made !This place had a great menu, but it's really dark inside.  It needs a remodel to liven up the place.  The best part about eating here (besides the delicious filet mignon) was the great swing band that played as we dined.Wow wow wow. So impressed with this place! As soon as we walk in we are transformed into this jazz club paradise. We sat down at our reserved table and our delightful waiter tells us the drink and food specials of the night. The live jazz band really sets the mood for this place. I couldn't decide on what to try so I decided to get two small plates: the gumbo and the savory crab beignets (which apparently super popular). For cocktails I got the popular Pimms cup. 
The drinks came out quickly and man my drink was just delightful! It was refreshing and really hit the spot. Finally our food comes out and even though they look like small portions it was super filling. The gumbo had tons of flavor with every bite. The beignets crispy on the outside delicious on the inside with a creamy sauce to tie it all together. Great meal, drinks and service all around. Def. Will return next time I'm in town :)Decided to go out for dinner and drinks with the boyfriend. Staying at the Prince Conti hotel so the Bombay Club was an extremely convenient choice. We had a 7pm reservation but got there early to have a few drinks. Matt the bartender was awesome. Made great suggestions and was funny and attentive without hovering. Made an amazing chocolate covered pretzel shot!! Never had anything like it. 
We were able to get one of the cozy booths for dinner and our sever Becks was THE best. All of her suggestions were excellent. My fave appetizer was the boudin Scottish Eggs. Boyfriend got the half roast chicken while I went with the filet medium rare. Live music the whole time.  Great way to end our trip!I really had high hopes for this place, but it was a very busy Friday night. Only if what we pay as customers could be adjusted for the off night I would give them 4-stars! Overall food and service was good, but impacted because of how busy they were. Which was really unfortunate. They ran out of the dessert on their Coolanary menu - although replaced it with something else. Drink orders were also suuuuuper slow because as we were advised, they were down one bartender! Too bad it is also a cocktail bar! Ugh. ATTN Management:  there needs to be a back up plan there! I had the beer battered crab and chorizo beignet (wouldn't order again) and the pappardelle with shrimp which was quite yummy. I had 3 shrimps but someone else at our table only had 2! My husband only ordered tea - which oddly enough came AFTER the rest of us received cocktails (which remember, was delayed).  But I will say, the cocktails were definitely on point... But at $10-12/glass... I wouldn't say the cocktail is worth a 15+ minute wait. Maybe a better experience at the bar or on a non-busy night, but The Bombay Club is definitely a nice change of scenery within the French Quarters.Another great find in #followyournola recommended by a local friend. Romantic atmosphere, 50+ cocktail menu and great food. Don't forget live music.I was excited to visit this place because of the speakeasy vibe I had read about.
Originally booked dinner but cancelled because of the reviews on Yelp.  SO glad I did.  Decided to still give a try for drinks.  I love a good martini and thought this would be a nice relaxing break from French Quarter craziness.   
We sat at the bar and were greeted with an extremely rude bartender who, instead of saying hello, said "I can't deal with you right now."  I asked if we could at least have drink menus? He seemed genuinely offended that I asked.   "I will have to find you some menus, probably take them from other guest."   OK weird I thought, but whatever, I want a martini.   We sat at the bar for 10 minutes as he frantically fussed around the bar.   Finally a female bartender walked by and I asked if we could order 2 drinks.  It was dark in the bar but it sure looked like she rolled her eyes.   Sorry I'm sitting at your bar forcing you to do your job, I thought.   15 minutes later, no drinks and no sign of the female bartender.  Now the first bartender showed up and asked what I would like to order.    I said "too late my friend, someone else took my order."  He said "Well, how was I supposed to know that?"  My wife and I decided that we had enough.  I went to the other side of the bar where I found them just putting the finishing touches on our cocktails.   I told them to cancel our drinks.  She then replied...."I've already made them!"    We left anyway and I spoke to the manager on the way out.
6 days in New Orleans and we had a fantastic trip, except for our visit to the Bombay Club.   
KPI loved the old school interior, I did sort of feel like I was walking into a dark bar in London, but the leather seats and the old leather paneling were pretty cool, although it did smell a bit like my grandmother's basement when I first walked in. The live band they had was amazing (by band I mean to guys plays instruments), I wish more restaurants would have live music in NYC. Anyway, my friend knew the manager, so he said hi and was very nice to us. The waiter wasn't that great though, maybe he was having a bad night or maybe he was just quiet, in either case, he wasn't very talkative or friendly. We ordered the pickled shrimp wraps to start, they were okay, very light dish of shrimp with some veggies over bibb lettuce. Eh. Nothing special. I also ordered the gumbo, super salty, wow, way too much salt. The corn bread that came with the gumbo was tasty. For dinner I had the Flounder Roulade, not a fan. It tasted a bit overdone to me and was way too salty. My gf ordered the strawberry salad which was light and very tasty. I thought my food was just too salty and not what I was looking for. Maybe just not my cup of tea...Wonderful...fabulous...great...was almost put off by the reviews here that painted it as very expensive but that's total crap...really good martinis at $10 is a bargain where I come from...plus it was amazing food and fabulous service...highly highly recommend...Step back in time, savor some sazerac and enjoy the jazz as it steeps over this dark, cozy room in the Bombay Club.  Known for it's martini's, the Bombay Club boasts a famous cocktail list organized by era, along with origin and history of each drink.  It's a quiet refuge away from the hustle and bustle of the street, where the bartender is knowledgeable, the drinks inspiring and the appetizers are amazing.Amazing! The whole ambiance is the best. They have live music while you eat or drink. The food is well worth the high priceMy wife and I visit this wonderful place each time we visit the city.  Nostalgic setting for drinks with a smooth piano in the background...Tell Willie we say hey!!!Great food, great service and good music! We had the roasted pork tenderloin  and blackened red fish...yummy! The best part for me was the Breathless Martini...OMG delicious!!! My husband had the sidecar cocktail again very good and then we had a warmer at the end...amazing!Let's do the time warp... please? 
I realize I've never made this plea public. I might have implied it from time to time. 
The Bombay Club is as old school as they come. I mean, it's called "The Bombay Club." And not in any ironic, hipster or contrived manner. Walk in and you may feel like you should be wearing a silk sheath and kitten heels (if you're a girl or wannabe girl, of course). Note to self: return wearing something decidedly less modern. It only adds to the experience. 
Ever envision that perfect date where, upon entering, you are led past the bar to a private booth made for two (you can draw the curtains, if you like)? The room is dark and the vibe is hushed. The kind of place you should be ordering steaks and martinis. With gin. Of course.
Well, I had that perfect date. Just sayin'. (Don't be too jealous. I could be making it up for the point of a Yelp review. I mean... I could have been on a date with myself-or Ken Cosgrove- you'll never ever know, will you?)
Note: while the menu is decidedly not exciting for vegetarians (our server warned us that the chef would probably just make a plate of those- detestable for me- pedestrian, grilled vegetables), there are salads and sides that are really quite delicious. Anyway, it's supposed to be 1957 when you're in here, so I couldn't complain. The Baby Lettuce/Stilton Cheese, while not inventing the uh, salad, was so exquisitely simple that I'm still thinking about it. My (could have been) date's grits were the best I've ever had (I do eat a lot of grits). And oh, those mashed potatoes flecked with fresh herbs and not too much butter/cream. Perfection.
So, if you're looking to impress a lady (or yourself), get to it!Excellent service, proper recommendations, an excellent menu and enjoyable relaxing ambience. Complex and refined proper New Orleans dishes. Entrance is at the base of the Conti Hotel. Looks a British pub from the outside but don't be fooled. The plush relaxed ambience and atmosphere inside is a mix of classic Southern luxury and contemporary elegance. The live jazz is top notch and played in a cozy living room-esque space adjacent to the bar. Highly recommend!This is a favorite spot for a pre dinner cocktail.  The chocolate martinis are fantastic - very good quality, fresh ingredients.  I've always enjoyed whatever live music (jazz/blues) was playing.  It's certainly a nice place for a date when you are just meeting someone for a drink or a drink before dinner.  Shannon is correct that I'd recommend the place for the drinks and live music rather than the food, the latter having never been great when I've eaten there.  It's upscale but not stuffy.Meh. You walk in and the place seems fancy and certainly conservative. Fine.
I had the short rib/dirty rice dish. It was ok. Overpriced. And unfortunately, on the salty side.
The brussel sprouts appetizer was good. The French 75 was light on the alcohol.
The service was fine and the live music on a Tuesday evening was lovely.
I wouldn't return. I had visited as part of a business meeting I was in town for.Came here for pre-dinner drinks during happy hour. Service was not the most attentive, but that was likely because it was during happy hour and our tab was not going to be huge. Martini specials were great. We had some bar bites, including the pulled pork sliders. They were okay in the way of cheap bar food, but would never pay full price for them. Overall, would return for happy hour again.Exceeded my expectations. An oasis of charming sophistication just steps away from the debauchery of the French Quarter.
Picked this place based on Yelp and open table reviews to have a healthy but hearty and authentic dinner with friends while visiting NOLA for a ballroom dance competition. 
Although the restaurant is small but the courtyard dinning was an amazing experience. The echo of the live music in the main dining room added extra charm. 
The staff was friendly, helpful and accommodating. Our host, Nick, was knowledgeable of the food and drink menu. He recommended 2 delicious appetizers that started the night just right. 
The beet salad and the white fish main course were delicious and done just right. 
I highly recommend this place. You will not be disappointed.Nice, clean decor.
Good deal happy hour special.
High quality craft cocktails. In glass. In many neighbor similar places you'll get plastic and dirty baths.
Side Street location with no wasted tourists. 
We had a very nice evening thereI was completely and irrevocably disappointed in my experience here.  After hearing so many great things about Bombay, while recently being visited by two friends from out of state, I took them here as one of our first stops along Bourbon St.  What a mistake, but an educational one.  Here's how it went down...
Upon entering, we grabbed three seats at the EMPTY bar thinking this would be the fastest way to try some tasty martinis.  Twenty minutes later, the bartender had yet to even look at us, let alone ask us what we'd like, and we were the only ones sitting at the bar!  And yes, there was only one bartender.  I don't care how busy she was, she could at least have taken 5 seconds to ask us if we'd like to see a menu, a single one of which I could find nowhere.  So we decided to move to a table in hopes a server would pay us more mind.  This strategy eventually worked, and I stress eventually, so we were finally able to at least look at a menu.
I for one, already knew what I wanted.  I'd even seen their YouTube video of it being made, the Key Lime Pie Martini, so that's what I ordered.  (I feel it important to note they are proud enough of this drink to actually post a video of it on YouTube)  What I got looked nothing like what I'd seen get made, and it didn't even have the same ingredients, and yet they swore it was made correctly.  After asking if there was some mix-up, they asked me if I'd like stuff added that it was supposed to have in the first place!  It was like ordering a cheeseburger and then when the hamburger without cheese showed up, being asked if I'd like cheese on my cheeseburger.  What the F?
I have no desire to return here.  Atrocious customer service with an inability to make their own drinks as they themselves advertise, equals one star.Excellent atmosphere. Service was very friendly and attentive. My husband and I both were craving fish and chips and it was phenomenal. A jazz band was playing and the restaurant felt like the quintessential New Orleans that we came down to experience. Would highly recommend.was here for their official opening last week and was hugely impressed with the space.  As a brit, I was delighted to see the theme of the bar and as a bar-fly was delighted to see the snugs and nooks that will make this a favourite haunt of mine while in NOLABunch was delicious! Bottomless mimosas or sparkling rose for only $10! Grits were amazing and spicy! :)We stopped by this wonderful place for happy hour and got the poutine, the Rangoons, and the pork belly tacos. The pork belly was cooked to perfection and was really juicy. The other dishes were good but there was nothing special about it. However what brings this place above and beyond is the aesthetic of the club. Everything has a beautiful old jazzy look and feel which makes the experience amazing. Would highly recommend stopping by to eat or drink.I first went to the Bombay Club about 9 years ago on my first trip to New Orleans. Our driver said it's where the locals go. Now, after returning there every trip I've made to the French Quarter, I believe it to be true. In fact, the Brennan's were at the next table dining last weekend. Doesn't get more local than that!
I love creole food (any food, really) and I think that the Bombay Club has the best barbecue shrimp in town. Look for it on the starter menu. Also, they have a very reasonable happy hour which my companion was delighted about.I had the boudin Rangoon, pork belly tacos & cajun poutine. We came here for happy hour. The atmosphere is awesome & the music playing is lovely. It has a great charm & a $4 menu w drink specials. All the apps were good w exception of the poutine it came out cold but I I bet would've been tasty tasty if not. The staff was friendly & accommodating which allowed me to leave 4 stars. I'll return hopefully when they have live music going.Nice atmosphere and jazz music along with fun specialty drinks.  Good food and presentation - small portions. The Brussel sprouts were our favorite!  The lamb also a favorite in our group.So happy we tried this gem of a restaurant. The food was amazing. Our table had a variety of "the Coolinary " - a special including an appetizer, entree, and dessert for $30, the gulf fish of the day, and the steak. All were melt in your mouth excellent. The wine list is excellent and a variety of cocktails round out the menu.
The waitstaff was friendly and attentive. The live pianist was so nice, and really added to the already quality ambience.