Missed Marvin this time around. Really enjoyed the chocolate shake. Went later in the day than I normally had in the past. Best time to go is as soon as they open. If you're lucky enough to catch Marvin working then you're in for a treat! He's definitely entertaining!best breakfast ive had in a very long time. ive been very disappointed with breakfast, maybe its just me. thats why cammellias was so amazing i had the omelet on the bottom of the menu maybe camellia, chef  or something. so good! my brother had the mexican which was also very tasty. then we had a pecan omelet and that my friends is to die for. its thinner than most which i really enjoyed, get you order in asap they get busy. the service however is very personable and awesome.I recently visited the new French Quarter location and enjoyed it as much as the Carrollton location. Make sure you get the Manhattan Omelette. To die for!This is one of my favorite places anywhere! If I was told I would have to eat at Camillia Grill for the rest of my life, I might be okay with it. I'd be 400 pounds ...but I'd be happy.
Whatever Marvin is on, I want some of it. He is high energy, fun and gives awesome service! The waitstaff is half the fun of this place.
The food is awesome. It is one of the best breakfast places in the world. I have only eaten breakfast here but my wife said her corned beef sandwich was the best she ever had. When you order pancakes and you can pour the butter onto them prior to pouring syrup on, it's just...well...insert superlative here!
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it. I could go on and on but suffice to say this is a New Orleans landmark that is as good, if not better than advertised.
Huge smiley face!A total disappointment. Long time New Orleanians will recall the spotless venue, professional friendly staff. Now, the place is filthy, rundown, with stained napkins, rusted equipment, and the 'white' outfits of the staff are stained, dirty and frankly disgusting. The staff clowned around among themselves, making loud obnoxious noises.
Worse, the food was greasy, as they now have succumbed to the 'yellow substance in a bottle that is not butter' to squirt on everything, and imitation cheese for the omelettes. 
Top it off with a surly person at the register and you've had a uniformly terrible meal.
To say that Camellia Grill is a shadow of what it once was is a compliment. Its  worse than a Dot's diner or Waffle house now. It needs a complete renovation, and a newly trained staff. Sad...As far as diners go, you just don't get much better than this. Worth the wait, great staff behind the counter. A regular spot for us to visit when in the Big Easy.This place was great food and entertainment all in one. Our waiter Ronald was so fun. My friends and I all loved our breakfast. A great place to start the day in New Orleans.One of my co workers brother recommended this place to us and it was absolutely amazing.
We were in NOLA for Essence Music Festival and looking for somewhere to have breakfast, we called Eddie, a renowned NOLA taxi cab driver, and he drove us up scenic and beautiful St. Charles street to get to Camellia's.
There was a little bit of a line but we didn't mind waiting, especially once we realized we could get Mimosas to go at the bar next door to ease the pain of waiting in line. 
The hostess was friendly and welcoming but the waiters behind the counter are all top notch. We got there a little after 11am and they only have grits until 11am but our waiter scraped what he could out of the pan to give me a taster and although I did not want to I shared it with my girls, one of whom does not like grits but when I say these grits were creamy and cooked to perfection, they just melted in your mouth.
We ordered pancakes as an appetizer because we are just greedy and they were the best pancakes ever, they were so buttery and fluffy, hmm so so good!!
I had a bacon omelet which I think had a pound of bacon in it, but I had them add spinach to balance it out ;).
My friends both had omelets I think, one with chili on it and I think she died and went to heaven, they also gave me a taster of the chili for my omelet, who woulda thunk to put chili on an omelet??? It was amazing!!!
Two of the waiters have been there for over 20 years and they were super nice and full of compliments for us, they were good for our egos!!
This place is amazing, the food was so good and the atmosphere makes you feel like you are family.Went in for breakfast. The food was fine. The service from the server was awful. The cook was entertaining and wonderful. I would say it was a good place to go just for the experience. The kids had fun. The high chair can fit over the stools, allowing the littlest to be at the table. 
I ordered an egg sandwich and hash browns. Was basic diner food. The kids got waffles and they were basically just pancakes with texture. 
Jeremy went with Mexican omelette. It was fine he said. He loves pecans, so he ordered the pie. He liked it.  Was best part of meal.A highlight of our trip to NO. Amazingly friendly staff (Brun made us feel like family immediately) in a rare, old school diner environment. Do not leave without trying the pecan pie. I try not to eat dessert, but this is pecan pie is famous for a reason and worth the calories.Terrific hamburgers and pecan pie. Great service and atmosphere for a reasonable price. Well worth the waitCamellia grill. Easy enough review. This place is not going to wow you with extravagance or anything, but if you want cheap, down-home food, go here.
I got the pecan waffle (10/10) eggs (6/10 - the whites weren't cooked enough) and ham (7/10? How does one properly judge a ham?). The buttery syrup was fantastic. Everything was good. 
The atmosphere is what sets this place apart, really. The waiters are working there, but are they really working? The large African American man who was our waiter was working IT, I'll tell you that. Some large African American lady came in and he put some sweet moves on this lady right in front of our eyes. I've never been so ready to eat in my life watching this display. Incredible experience.
So yeah, come to camellia grill. It's worth your time.Always one of our favorite stops when in NOLA. The wait is worth it, and yes there is always a line. But this is the place for a great diner experience. The burgers are great, the fried mac and cheese bites fantastic and the Camila Special was huge and good. But the cooks and servers are part of the main attraction. Love this place.The Camellia Grill was fantastic! Went there when I was craving breakfast food kind of late at night. My server was super friendly and struck up a conversation with us and was really helpful and patient. I got the 2 eggs with hash browns and it was delicious. Will go back.Great place and a true original little gem. I love the service when in Nola I always make an effort to stop by here. The specials of the day are always a good bet, can't go wrong with a waffles and a chop or plainly red beans and rice with a side of meat.My group took the Streetcar down and had lunch here. What a great place. It's a diner. We had to wait about 20 min with locals who said it was worth it. We all had burgers which were great and quick. Go to the bathroom while you are there. sits an experience and I'll leave it at that. Burger and sweet tea were around $10. We all enjoyed our food and the food around us looked excellent. if you're anal about cleanliness you might have an issue. The food is prepared in front of you and the staff is lively and funny.Breakfast was well worth it. And yes the servers were hilariois. If I had to give a negative it would be the hostess. She had headphones on and texted while we stood there. She nodded where we were to sit. Management should replace her immediately. I really enjoyed the experience overall. Worth the ride over.Great old diner!! Great atmosphere and friendly service. Typical dinner food which comes up pretty quickly.I love the double U-shape seating arrangement when you first walk in because it's like the classic diner style with the matching servers that can sing and cook for you with a smile on their face. The food was just incredible from the fresh squeezed orange juice to the delicious made to order omelets, waffles and pancakes. Since we'd been eating nothing but fried foods since our visit I opted for the healthy omelet with fresh fruit as a side instead of hash brown which I was told was just incredible.Don't judge this book by its cover! And definitely get the Southern food menu items (versus getting their burger options you can get anywhere). All-day breakfast (LOVE), delicious shake flavors, and open late. Service could not have been better & we even met some friendly locals. Was amazed to find out the place had been there since 1946. There's a reason they're still around. If you're Uptown, try this place!The staff is attentive and a little abrupt, but that's just part of the experience at Camellia's Grill.  It's fun to listen to the unusual lingo that the cooks shout to communicate the customers orders to each other.  The burgers are to die for!  It was hot and had just the right amount of seasoning and fresh toppings.  These are the best burgers in the area and very reasonably priced.  We will definitely be back the next time we are in New Orleans!I never understood what "light and fluffy" eggs were until I ate here. Apparently they put pancake batter and use a whipper to whip the eggs to get them so light and fluffy. BEST BREAKFAST I've ever had anywhere, hands down. Their omelettes are above and beyond any other i've had. A MUST try.
This place is a diner in a an old southern structure. Had the chefs special. A bargain at $8. Huge and filled with turkey bacon, onions 2 cheeses, bacon, ham, french fries (u read that right) and topped with chili (u read that right again). Served with toast and ur choice of french fries, hash browns, or grits. Had the hash browns, which looked like ur everyday fresh hash browns, but they must either deep fry it or put crack in it cuz its some of the most flavorful ordinary looking hash browns i've had. Went back and had their pecan waffle, which wasn't bad, but wasn't great. Their fries were definitely above average. Mexican omellete was really good too. Their western omellete is the best i've ever had. No exaggeration.
Service is super friendly and fast. Food is delicious. Prices are very fair. 
Only one drawback: my new years resolution of losing weight went completely down the drain.Great diner experience. The french fry omelette was.... interesting. This place isn't the best greasy spoon you will visit, but it's definitely one of the coolest ones. There's a historic feel to it, and the service is unbelievable. Just be smart and avoid peak times, even though the line moves somewhat quickly enough. Expect to rub elbows with people, as you're all seated at the counter. 
Burgers are good, chili is decent, waffles are good, omelettes are okay. I can't speak for much else here, but all in all you should give it a go at least once. 
If you're a tourist staying in the French Quarter, this place is accessible by streetcar, just take the St. Charles line all the way down, it's a gorgeous ride. When you hit a 90-degree corner, after passing Audubon Park and Loyola, you've hit Carrolton, and you'll need to get off there. You'll see Cameliia Grill from the corner, and don't be put off by the line, it moves fairly quick.Just went there for the first time in 40 years. The food was great and the freezes wonderful. The chocolate freeze was made with good ice cream and real Hershey's syrup. The burgers, grilled cheese, ham , french fries and chicken tenders are very good. It is a good family place to visit. It is counter service only which I had forgotten. Hope to get back again.I live a few blocks away from this place... if I wake up early enough and can get there before 9, it's a quick stop for breakfast. The food comes out very quickly, even if it's busy. The food is definitely not the healthiest. So healthy freaks, stay away. Their chocolate freezes are very good. I take one on my way to work sometimes. They put hasbrowns on they menu somewhat recently, so I was happy about that. They're famous for their grits, I think. 
I like the ambience... it's very old school New Orleans and I like that. The servers play the role pretty well - calling out orders and carrying that NOLA swag, if you know what I mean. Marvin and Ray are so kind and make you laugh. They like to converse with their guests and I like that. For out-of-towners, this is a cool place, mainly for the experience. 
If you're not from here, you should at least try it. Just get there early.Great prices, great food, great service. Went back twice for breakfast! Had awesome conversation with other visitors at the counter, also had great talks with the staff. Overall excellent time.Well...this is my 50th review on Yelp. And I wouldn't have wanted it to be with any other place. 
The Camellia Grill was the first place I ate in New Orleans when I came here 6 years ago. I still distinctly remember Marvin "Word", who was THE MAN. He sadly passed away a few months ago, RIP. 
There's a simple reason there is a line out the door every Saturday and Sunday morning. The food is incredible. You definitely have to come here hungry and get the Chef's Special Omelette. It's the best omelette I've had anywhere in the country. I also recommend the pecan waffle and the burgers. 
I like the Uptown location the most but there is a location in French Quarter as well where the food is just as good. If you don't want to wait in a really long line, I recommend coming here on a week day.3.75 stars.  There are two locations for the Camellia Grill, but this is the one you want to visit.  Here, you are not only getting wonderful food, but you get to do so within a stately house where the people who have been working the restaurant clearly understand the concept of customer service. Sure, the wait in line can be monumental, but when the payoff comes in an exceptionally sweet pecan pie served with a dollop of ice cream and a colossal double cheeseburger topped with an artery clogging fried egg, you've done well.  While it is only slight hyperbole to note that I was barely able to walk after ingesting all these calories, you certainly won't hear me complaining about eating here.  This is worth a stop if you are in New Orleans for a few days.Had a few recommendations for Camellia Grill, but it was extremely disappointing. Went for Sunday lunch, place was extremely crowded and was asked to move around multiple times to accommodate other guests. And then the food ordered was extremely subpar. One buck burger came dry and buns were cold, did not have cheese or grilled onion on it (we ordered them!!) Asked waiter to fix it, he brought back two slices of cheese........ I want them melted on my burger, or why don't i just go to walmart and buy a bulk and bring it myself to put on their dry and tastless burger?
That's not it! The service was miserable. We had to ask for water 3 times before they refilled it when we were ready to leave!
Way below expectation, won't go back there again. I'd recommend against ever going there Sunday afternoon when it's crowded.This little diner is a must stop if you are on the Saint Charles Streetcar line.  It is nothing fancy, but you get good service and great food.  I had the vegetable omelet- it was huge!My daughter just graduated from Tulane so we are going to have to figure out excuses to get back to New Orleans and to Camellia.  We were there twice in 5 days because our cousin flew in from Florida and wanted to go there before our son flew in and he wanted, no, NEEDED, to get a Chili Omelette!  Best omelettes in the world, mixed up in a blender, so fluffy.  I always get grits because I can get hashbrowns in NY.  Friendly service, just a one of a kind place (haven't eaten  in the one in the quarter, why mess and this one is near Tulane.)  Bought a T-Shirt this time.  The stem of the flower is a fork.  Don't miss this when you visit New Orleans.Love it.  Second trip to New Orleans and sad cuz the French quarter location is closed but the original is nice a trolley ride.  Great burger.I always have a good meal here. But the atmosphere is what takes this place to another level. Your server will be one of the friendliest servers you will have in any restaurant.Authentic diner experience.  Walking into the restaurant takes you back a few decades.  I ordered the red beans and rice and the pecan pie.  Both were good.  Not the best I had in New Orleans.  But the area is very nice and the ambiance is great.You go to Camellia Grill for the experience, the fist-bumping camaraderie and manic enthusiasm of the waiters and cooks, the authentically old-fashioned feel of the retro diner. The expansive menu, if the copyright date of 1985 is any indication, has long remained unchanged. No surprise, since they offer standard no-frills diner fare, ranging from fair in quality to pretty good. Remarkable food? No. Food that makes you go "Holy crap, now this is what I call food"? Definitely not, but if you're in the mood for dependable greasy-spoon stuff, this is your go-to place. Whether you're a resident or visitor, you must go at least once.Best cure for a hangover! Classic-greasy-Cheeseburger and omelette are just the best in town.Finally made it to Camellias grill! We ordered the bacon cheeseburger and chocolate freeze. You absolutely have to order the chocolate freeze if nothing else. It is so good, you don't want it to end. Will definitely be backComing here felt like coming home - except better because my mom doesn't cook this well.  Getting here was fun - an easy ride on the St. Charles streetcar - so you get a scenic tour and breakfast.  We didn't wait too long, but I can see how it would totally busy.  The food was fantastic and, oh my, buttery!  Our server was friendly and funny.  Honestly, this place set the mood for the rest of our day and it was delightful!  My husband still talks about this place even a year later.We dropped off our son the in the Loyola University area this week and stumbled upon this gem.  Excellent for breakfast, we got omelettes with hash browns.  They deep fry the sausage and that was quite a treat.  Love the service and we discovered the guys on the walls of the place have been cooking there for over 20 years!
Our waiter made us a sample size of their chocolate cherry shake...my daughter loved it!  This will be our go to place on our next visit.  Can't wait to try the grits too.This was my favourite place to eat during the whole of our trip to NOLA.  I loved it! 
Counter-side seating, so you get very chummy with your neighbours, our server was excellent and lots of fun, very entertaining and it's open late, which we needed after our swamp tour.  The servers just shout your order at the chef - who, in the time we were there, got it right every time.  No tickets, no pens or paper - excellent! 
Food was great and prices were reasonable.
Hubby and I shared the 'Harry's Yankee' roast beef po-boy and a large cheese fries, it was yum.  Hubby had the mocha freezee and we all came away happy! 
They must have good gumbo here, a couple came in, he ordered a Reuben, she asked for Gumbo, they'd none left so she got up and left!
Definitely somewhere to add to your list - fab!!!Friendly staff, great food and fair prices make this a wonderful place to eat.  The breakfast fare is outstanding and the burgers are made fresh to order.  Very clean!   Check it out!This place was recommended by a former NOLA resident. Definitely didn't disappoint. Basically a 50's inspired diner. The menu is pretty bare bones. A variety of breakfast and lunch options. It still has that old school diner feel to it. I had a Manhattan Omelette which had Swiss and American cheese along with Corned Beef and onions. It was Delicious. One of the fluffiest omelettes i've had in recent memory. My wife had ham and eggs which also looked excellent. Huge portions for an extremely fair price. They are a little heavy handed on the butter, but this is a diner isn't it. This place would be a great hangover joint after a night on the town. Apparently the restaurant closed due to Katrina with no plans of reopening. Their patrons covered the entire front door with notes to reopen and they did. There are pictures of the door in the restaurant. Nothing is keeping this gem down. Would definitely return. One small complaint is that there is not enough seating. They could almost accommodate twice the people with a larger location. There were people waiting for a seat the entire time we dined. And that was on a Monday afternoon. I can only imagine what a Sunday morning is like at this place!I can't say enough about this place. I walked in one day, with a need for waffles AND a patty melt...and they made it happen. I got, what I now lovingly refer to as a "waffle-melt," with a fried egg and a coke. Heaven IS REAL.We went for a late breakfast, on our last day in town, and absolutely loved it!!!  Great value for the money. My wife and I both had the pecan pancakes - they were awesome!!!  I was full off the cakes & bacon alone; and then I had to move on to the huge plate of hash browns that sat in front of me. (made to order with peppers & onions, just the way I like 'em). I loved the atmosphere here.  Reminded me of a barber shop environment!  Very friendly staff.  We found metered street parking in front of Camellia's and on the side street adjacent.This is exactly what a muffuletta is supposed to be. Cooked to perfection in front of you and placed on fresh French Bread. Absolutely the best I've had. Then the pecan pie was served hot off the grill, yes off the grill. Unbelievable how good it tastes warmed upside down on the grill with the pecans seared hot to perfection.Right on the St. Charles Streetcar Line, this place is a GEM!
The building is fronted by grand whitewashed columns, and doesn't look the part of a classic diner, but once inside the impressive stainless open diner-style kitchen surrounded by wide a marble bar in incredibly inviting.
The food was probably the best I've ever had at a classic American styled diner. Burger was cooked to juicy perfection, chili cheese fries were greasy good, and the Vanilla milkshake was phenom!! Wife ordered a grilled cheese and raved at the result as well.
The charismatic restaurant staff dressed in classic black bow tie diner attire were fun, if not entertaining.
I will without a doubt, come back here the next time I'm in town. I would easily say this should be highly recommended to anyone not afraid of raising their cholesterol a couple points!
(TIP: If you're staying downtown, hop on the St.Charles line for $1.25 and take it right to the front door and back)Saying this place is a New Orleans institution is an understatement. My mom and dad used to come here when my dad was attending Tulane back in the late 1940s and early 1950s after World War 2. I used to live on St. Charles past Napoleon and I took the street car here 6 days a week for supper. That was back in the 90s. Great food, great staff and fantastic, old school New Orleans atmosphere. If you want to eat like a local come to the Grill.Loved our stop in here for Memorial Day breakfast. Tasty food, friendly folks, great service in a sweet neighborhood. Try the omelets!Classic greasy spoon, New Orleans-style.  Small, pink, crowded, noisy, and utterly delicious.  The omelets are really fluffy--the eggs go in a milkshake blender before they hit the grill--and any breakfast there will set you up for the day, easy.  Husband, who is a grits afficianado, says their grits are some of the best ever.  Worth waiting in line, plus when you pay your bill at the end, you get a lollipop!  Word!!This place has the best classic diner feel! The staff was awesome and they treat you as if your family. It felt like eating dinner and out of town family's house. Amazing omelettes, def a must. I also recommend the Doc Brinkers Special. This double cheeseburger with slaw and chili is to die for. It will satiate the biggest of appetites. Treat yourself to a shake as well.Fantastic food, service was great and the atmosphere is wonderful with an old school vibe. 
I went back a few days later with a friend because it was so good! 
Try the Mexican omelette, the chef special omelette and the pecan pie.Great meal at reasonable prices. The burgers are great and the hash browns are even better.  Everything is cooked to order in front of you. There is an entertaining banter between wait staff and the "chefs".  I always enjoy stopping here for a late night meal wether it be breakfast for dinner or a burger.  I did notice that the hours have changed so not sure if there is a new owner or not.  Still have a line out the door at random hours.  May not be your typical New Orleans food but definitely a local favorite.Very nice place that is always crowded. Food is ok but it's the service that makes it a place to explore. 
Don't come here to loose weight but rather to "collect" all the calories you will want to get rid off the following two weeks ;-). 
We had the scramble eggs with bacon and hash brown and a chicken-club sandwich. Tasty.One of my favorite spots in New Orleans. The burger and the Red Beans are both delicious, and the pecan pie is insane. The servers/chefs are really what make it though. They are so fun to interact with and to watch interact with each other. The line can sometimes be long but it's very worth the wait.Great food. Great service. Worth the wait!!  NOLA classic. Grab you some breakfast at the bar or stop by for a cold drink.2/3/12
We ate there on friday morning almost as they open for the day.  We didnt know there were no tables , but had a highchair for our daughter which was perfect. The over the top friendly service and attention to customers from every worker is hard to find anywhere , But here . The service was great , our daughter loved it .  They gave us a couples fries for her and some chocalate milk  (first time !) as we sat down . My wife had a omelet and potatoes i had a pecan waffle and some eggs . I will say the omelet was one of the best ive tried . The pecan waffle was great as well and my daughter loved her grits and eggs . We came in from STL for a couple days and will say best part of our trip was at camellia grill . If you want great diner style food this is what you want , and the guys burger looked good as well . Thanks for making our trip even better .This Uptown/Carrollton tradition is still hopping after over 60 years in business. Camilla Grill is located right on the St. Charles Streetcar Line and is a easy ride for even tourists staying in the French Quarter. 
The ambiance is very diner like with the only seats being at the counter. The staff behind the counter make for great dinner entertainment. The service here is quick and very friendly. The food is a bit heavy but very good. I had the Camilla Special sandwich which may look a bit plain but full of wonderful flavor. My girlfriend had the Judge's Chicken which was a well seasoned grilled chicken breast with fresh coleslaw. The rest of our party had a burger and the catfish. The catfish was crispy, not oily, and very fresh. Make sure you have it with the hot sauce,  Crystal hot sauce yum! 
We left very full and satisfied, a great experience for our first night in New Orleans. The only minor complaint we had was the cashier and host were a bit preoccupied with their phones and personal conversation to check us out quickly.A diner that doesn't open until 8am? Not good. Not good at all. That said, it's a great place. Exactly what you expect from diner food. They do it right. Wish they opened at 5 or 6.I actually love the place - 
But just don't go in the early morning hours just before closing.....you may never get your food.....and if you do it is under cooked nasty food....
Any other time I have gone, the food is outstanding, the staff is very friendly.  Waffles, omelets, hamburgers, chocolate freezie, pecan pie a la mod.....ALL MUST HAVE foods!!!!
Lagniappe, if you're lucky to catch the staff putting on a show for your entertainment.
Everytime I go and sit in the atmosphere of Camelia Grill while I'm waiting for my food - I just can't resist reminiscing about New Orleans back when .....Ah, remember this or that.....The food is American diner food with high quality. What makes it superb is Leon the waiter. He puts a great spin on the experience.OK, first off let me say I love this place and have been coming here on and off for many many years. I bring out of towners here all the time. Today, my wife and I went for lunch, our waitstaff was great as always, the food was great as always, We ordered 1 hamburger, 1 hamburger poboy, 2 fries, 2 coffees, 1 ice tea and a slice of pie with a scoop of ice cream. Couldn't have been a better lunch until l I went to the cashier to check out. The total was $56.22!!! WTF? I stared at the bored looking guy behind the register, "I'm sorry, what?" $56.22 he said again handing me a receipt. I said "That's impossible, show me". He proceeded to show me our order slips the waiter filled out which had no prices on them, he then showed me our receipt, which had no prices on it and said "Its what the computer says" and just stared at me blankly and refused to go any further with the conversation. 
Now being an experienced New Orleans resident, I immediately think since he saw an Austin Public Library t-shirt I was wearing, he scammed me. Whether that's is true or he was just stupid and refused to go over it with me, I dont know but I got ripped off for what was more or less a $30 lunch and the cashier couldn't have cared less. That's not the Camellia Grill Ive known for 15 years.Fell upon this place after our trolley ride to the garden district.  Nothing fancy here but good sandwiches and grill type of food.  Had the special and could only finish 1/2. Hubby got the Ruben and said it was very good.  Great counter staff.Love some Camellia Grill!  Worth the wait for some New Orleans charm and delicious food.  Great place to jump on the street car after and enjoy the city.This place was so fun to eat at!  I love that it was bar style dining, and you sit facing all the action so you can watch them make your food.  Our server was so great and on point.  The whole staff was very friendly and upbeat. I got the mexican omelet with hashbrowns and it was DELICIOUS! They are very generous with their portion sizes. I also tried their chocolate cherry freeze and that was very good as well.  And holy hell, get a slice of their pecan pie. Will definitely come back.  It gets crowded quickly so i would recommend coming at an "off" hour rather than during the brunch and lunch rush.  But there are booths along the walls that you can sit at while you wait for an open seat amongst the bar stools!Food was decent but nothing memorable. We had visited here a few years ago and enjoyed the entertainment from the waiters. Wait staff now don't seem to have the humor and outgoing personalities I remember from back then.Seating is extremely limited and the food is exactly that of a diner. I would say it's not anything super special (food wise), but obviously the cool part is that AHS was filmed here! We had to wait a while for our seats and had to be split in the group. They tried their best though to accommodate all of us. The food comes out fast and the service is good! 
I got a bacon cheeseburger with everything on it and it definitely hit my hangover spot that I needed. We also ordered the chili cheese fries and they serve a good amount of it - we couldn't finish it even sharing between 7 girls! If you ask them to do an announcement for you, they will! Super cool environment and we just had beat the rush when we were walking out there was a line out the door. Can't imagine how long people had to wait for that! Definitely great hangover food!I find Camelia Grill to be absurdly overrated. In a city of amazing food, this does not rank with the best. It's typical diner food and nothing more.My wife and I heard good things about the pecan pie, so we decided to stop in for a bite.  The place has an old diner vibe, which is pretty cool.  The service was prompt and friendly.
The pecan pie was ok, but nothing to write home about really.  They put it on the grill to warm it up.  It looked like the cook scraped the spatula he was using for the burgers on the grill, and then used it to take the pie.  I guess it's too complicated to have spatulas for each kind of food, but it kinda killed the moment for me a bit.Great environment, good food, great price, incredible service.If you're looking for a great late night run for $6 cheeseburgers that'll fill you up, this is where it's at. 
This place is great for drunk moments and late night moments. They close late and they serve all that good greasy type food. I was turnt by hand grenades at Bourbon st, and made my way here by street car. Me and my friend killed about four burgers! We should've had pie but we were stuffed. 
They take their time grilling the burgers as well so it's the real deal!Just so it is no surprise, this is a small place. On a weekend, expect upwards to a 30 minute wait. You will not be seated at a table rather at a bar that wraps around the kitchen. (I'm sure this was done to maximize space and serving time) 
Food here is awesome, I have yet to have anything was not to my liking. Camellia Grill is known for their omelets, so give each one a try. The burgers are more than decent. And from the stranger sitting from my left, the desserts are more than enticing. 
As a side note, I would suggest to management that mop heads, trash, and other similar smell factors are moved far from eating areas as it can sometimes kill the fun of Camellia Grill.Yay!  This place makes me so happy. Great old school diner with wonderful burgers and chili cheese fries. The coffee freeze put us over the top. Looking at the dishes around us I will definitely be back for an omelette and hash browns.Best meal I ate in NOLA. The Manhattan omelet was AMAZEBALLS and the hot roster beef po'boy was incredible. We got the hot pecan pie a la mode and it was heaven. We wanted to keep ordering and eating because it was so good except we felt sick from the huge portions. In a good way! Service from Gilbert was great and food came up super fast. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.Great old fashioned place, wonderful food, fast service, and a kind waiter. What else could you need? The line might seem intimidating at first so try not to go during peak hours, but the wait is worth it if you have the time. Must try in Nola.I've been going here since I was a child, through my high school and college years. I'm 36 now and I still love it. You can't find a chocolate freeze like theirs anywhere else! I have to admit, I haven't had a ton of their menu items, because there's something so nostalgic about getting "my usual": cheese omelette with fries and a chocolate freeze. Of course, I've had the burger, the red beans, pancakes, and a few other staples, but that omelette is legit. This is also the best place for late night food in the city. There is usually a wait even for late night, but it's worth the wait. The staff is so friendly and they remember you every time you come in. Most of these guys have worked here for ever! I love how they yell out your order to the cook and he just remembers everything. They get it right every time!I wish I remembered to check in here so I never forget that I was here.. took a streetcar down St. Charles from CBD which is an adventure on its own.  If you're a tourist it's worth it to ride the streetcar once so you can look at all the surrounding architecture. but we're not here for that.. we're here for the food
My friends and I visited NOLA and camellia grill was our last stop before heading back to the airport.. Not all of us made it out but the others definitely missed out.
My friend and I ordered the waffles with sausage (YUM) and the manhattan omelet (even more YUMs).. the omelet is infused with hash browns.. the hash browns alone are delicious as well.  Our third friend ordered the standard eggs, bacon, and hash brown meal.. while we were waiting for our food we saw the guests next to us order cheeseburger and onion rings.. that's when my friend and I decided we NEEDED to get that as well.. The cheeseburger didn't even need to come dressed.. the patty, cheese, and delicious bread is all that was needed.. 
There's nothing negative to say about the food here.. especially given by the fact that we doubled our order just by looking around... and we ate it all...
Can't have a complete meal from this place without their pecan pie.. before they serve the pie to you they grill it for a few moments and of course you HAVE to get it a la mode with the vanilla ice cream on top.. its so delicious.. the bottom portion is nice in crispy while the center is still soft (perfect combo of textures)
I'm drooling.Great place for breakfast where the St Charles line turns north.  There was a significant wait on this very stormy morning, though I'd say it was worth it.  Omelets are fluffy and delish, and service is extremely fast.  But the real winner here to us was the ambiance and service.  The open kitchen is great to watch, the counter style seating lets you meet strangers, and the staff are oh, so nice.Always great!  We lucked out and arrived at the perfect time; sat right down at the counter and ordered an amazing breakfast.  This was my son's first time and he loved it, we will all be back.I heard that the place can be really busy but we must have come in at the right time because there was no wait for seating. We were told that this place is usually crowded. 
The customer service was great. We were helped right away and got our food very quickly. The gumbo was TO DIE FOR. I've had gumbo only a few times before but this by far was the best I've ever had.  If you're in the area definitely try this place out!We went for breakfast. Service was tops. Hash browns were really good. We liked everything about the place. You have to sit at the counter, so if that's not your style, don't go.Always consistent on food quality!! Camellia Grill is always open, most holidays and late night. Ruben was delicious!!Must do while in Nola-
Ride the streetcar
Eat at Cafe du Monde
Visit Metaire Cemetary (trust me)
Try a dessert at Angelo Bracoto's
Fist bump the jovial waiters at Camellia Grill
You will probably have to wait here but it's never for too long. This fast paced and fun diner is an experience you don't want to miss. Once you're seated your always smiling and witty waiter will quickly come over, take your drink order give you a fist bump. Fist bumps are always fun, am I right?
It's not a very roomy sort of place. You will probably hit elbows with your neighbors once you start chowing down on the great food you watched the cooks prepare behind the counter, but hey, it's a great way to meet new people. I had to apologize to my stranger neighbor so many times that I eventually got to know him and his entire family and why they were there (dropping daughter off at school after a break).
It's affordable, it's tasty and it's good dang fun. If you don't go, you aren't doing New Orleans right.Camellia Grill is stellar, fantastic, life-changing... That may be a little exaggerated, but you will get your money's worth and leave feeling satisfied and happy! Camellia Grill's location is great, right in front of the street cars, Audubon Park and pretty uptown neighborhood. 
As a New Orleans born and raised, this is the first restaurant that comes into my mind when suggesting great restaurants in the area. The only downside would be that sometimes it's a wait and there can be flies. Other than that, I love Camellia. Great prices, great food, friendly staff. My favorite is the Rano's Omelette. I'll truly miss Camellia when I leave for college!Good food and excellent  service! The veggie omelette I had was big enough to share. Busy place especially on weekends so be prepared to wait.Fun Experience.
Get a fist pump from your server at the diner and you feel a bit better about the long wait in the hot, humid line outdoors, and the extended wait inside on the couches.
The people make this place hum and you can tell they like working there. Look, I've had better burgers at similar places, but you should take the trolley down past Loyola and Tulane and give this place a visit. I'd suggest before 11 a.m. on a weekend.
Diner-style, old-school seating means faster turn times and more conversation with your neighbors...just like it used to be.
The milk shakes were great and like all the food, overpriced for the quality. What you're paying for here is the experience, which is a fun time with a dash of nostalgia.If you are staying in the French Quarters it can be a trip to make it out here but it's worth it. Not only can you take the trolley and see beautiful houses on the way and stroll down the Audubon park but you will have one of the best roast beef po'boys around. The line can be long at times.Aug 23 rd was my 60th birthday. There is no other place I wanted to eat at but here!!
Mr. Michael was our waiter & all of a sudden Mr Marvin announces my birthday! They got the entire restaurant joining in singing to me! 
Then, they called me out to dance lol,
It was a blast thanks for helping my birthday be the best!!!!The Manhattan omelette is exceptional. The bacon was cooked perfectly to our liking at both locations (the grill NOLA) and the original.  We thought the Manhattan at the Original location uptown was just a little bit better though.
The line at the uptown original location was so long that my friend went into the nail salon next door and got a color change of her nail polish! 
Also, if the line is long, it is just a few steps to the bar next door for a great Bloody Mary while you wait. Its a fun place, the food is great, and its a must go if you have not been.I know, I know... the wait is horrific sometimes, but if you are in need of comfort food, this is the place. I love those guys behind the counter so much, I wish they were my friends in "real life." They make everyone smile, and I love getting to know the nice tourists sitting next to me. Mexican omelette makes my tummy happy, and I can't seem to drive by without stopping for a chocolate-cherry freeze. Calories, schmalories. Worth it!If I could go zero I would . Wife and I came after the game and we got their before the wait.  Ordered 2 bacon cheese burgers fries and a tea.  We were giving 2 waters and that was it. Food came 10 minutes or so no bacon on one burger so we asked our server who must've lost a bet with the Saints cause he was miserable. . Almost done our food we tell him take off the tea and bacon and he ask us then you still want your bacon. No dude were done . So I grab my bill and go to the front door where this figure that has a title manager is standing.  I told him make sure there is no charge for a tea and bacon. He gives me my total and hands me my change.  I am pissed off I tell him you are a sorry excuse for a manager you don't apologize or anything.  Thanks for wasting my time and we will not return anytime soon. .This is historically a fun place to come on the St. Charles trolley for a cheap and tasty meal. This time the meal (pancakes) was still tasty but the service was pretty much nonexistent. We sat at the end of the counter and no one approached us for drinks or an order until my boyfriend flagged someone down. Our waiter (#519) barely made eye contact, didn't engage and pretty much made our short stay a disappointment. This place used to have a reputation for being fun and lively but the people working here today (and maybe in general, I don't know) just look like they hate their jobs. Maybe they do - dealing with tourists probably isn't fun. But damn, I'm happy to tip well for a job well done and it just wasn't here. At least the trolly ride was fun.Love the fun and friendly atmosphere!!! Diner still but not missing any of the New Orleans love or cuisine. I went with the Catfish Po' Boy and also had one of their waffles! I loved it!!!  Definitely a must for anyone visiting or living in the area!3.5 stars. I liked this place...but didn't love it. 
My first complaint is that there is no free parking near the restaurant. I had to pay to park or walk a mile. 
I arrived on a slow Monday, so when I walked in there were tons of spaces available. Unfortunately the hostess/cashier was busy, so despite there being ten employees behind the counter, I just stood there twiddling my thumbs waiting on someone to notice I was hungry and seat me. Finally when the hostess finished, I had to ASK "can I be seated?" Seating is all at the bar--no tables. So probably not a place you'd bring a big group or small kids. 
The waiter was quick and friendly once I sat and my food arrived almost before I ordered it. The grits were pretty good--very buttery and just the right consistency. I thought I was going to vomit though when I took my first bite of my ham omelette--it tasted like fryer fat! But I think that the end of it must have been at the edge of the grill or something, because subsequent bites were less offensive. 
The hash browns were decent, although I ended up adding some Crystal hot sauce to everything to give it all a kick. 
So the food was good. Not amazing, but good. 
Then I went to check out and despite me handing my check and credit card to the hostess first, she aided a man who came in to fill out an application before she ran my card through. I gave her the evil eye and left feeling like overall, the Cameilla Grill probably wasn't worth the effort next time.Every New Orleanian must go to Camellia Grill.  So we did.  It was my 1st time.  Won't be back unless I am with a group that insists we go.  Got an omelet.  It was nothing special and over-priced.  So, been there, done that.I know it's a new orleans gem because it's been around for a while but it's really your average, if not below average, diner food. The staff on the other hand is wonderful and the atmosphere is as well. Wish you could rate the staff and the food separately. Been here 4 times now.Always a must visit in NOLA!   It's a wait but worth it and generally fun in line with others.  Muffaletta is great and enough for two to leave room for warm pecan pie with ice cream!  Diner style....all counter service...no tables. Staff have been there years and love to interact with diners. Just notified this visit that they have added a location in the French Quarter!As a tourist, this was a fun to-do off the St. Charles streetcar line on a lazy day.  The food was mediocre but satisfying.  The ambiance was the real experience and we waited 40 minutes in line outside for the opportunity.  It was a one-time stop for us as the food would not bring us back, even at the very cheap prices.  
The restaurant is a long snaking counter top with counter service.   They counters were dirty and wet. Everyone seemed to be in a rush although friendly so we were never offered refills or extra napkins after we used ours to wipe the counter down.  Like I said,  one-time-experience as it was unusual.Can never go wrong at Camellia Grill. I always get an omelet and they really do have the best coffee!This place is small, get there early or plan to wait.  It is certainly worth the wait.  Grits and pecan pie were to die for.  You sit at a counter rubbing elbows with fellow patrons.  If you want a quiet place to eat this isn't for you.  But if you want a good southern breakfast served with charm and humor - you'll love Camellia Grill.We made it in on a Sunday morning just before the line started forming. One of the few bonuses of having children who wake up early. Atmosphere is fast and friendly. We were greeted and severed our beverages quickly, and the food all came up in 10 min (maybe less?). 
The kids had pancakes with a side of perfectly cooked bacon. They devoured them, and they devour very few things. Happy parents!
The adults each had omelets (mine veggie, his, something with ham). Totally satisfying. We've finally found that classic breakfast spot in the city. No fuss, just great breakfast food with quick, friendly service, a fun atmosphere, and a serious VALUE. We will be back!Oh.my.god. This is the heart stoppin southern food I've always dreamed about! If you're in the Nawlins area this place is a must.  Take the street car down through the Garden District- that trip alone will be an experience! It's a bit of wait- but well worth it. The meal itself is one you won't forget. You get a front row ticket to the show. These guys are off the hook! I guarantee these guys can turn your frown upside down. I love um.  Marvin is my absolute favorite. He can have his own show. I had a chicken sandwich caked in mayo. It was JUICY and delicious. As if that wasn't enough of a heart attack, I topped it off with some chili cheese fries.  My favorite part of the meal was when I saw the GALLON of butter being poured on the grill. I knew I was in the right spot.  As Marvin says, "if its really good you go, mmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmhhhhh and if its REALLY, REALLY good you go mmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmh with your eyes closed. I give this place an eye close : )This place isn't for you if you want to complain about the messy kitchen. It's all part of the experience, baby.
The fellas behind the counter have it going on. Never once have I eaten here and not wanted to return just to dap fists again with my server. Watching the crew work together in unison is awesome, and makes me love and appreciate the tasty goodness they put in front of me even more.
Faves:
Chocolate Freeze (ALWAYS)
Bacon Cheeseburger, dressed 
Harry's Yankee (roast beef, melted swiss, grilled onions, on special roll with cole slaw & mushroom sauce...YOU'RE WELCOME!!!)
Chocolate Pecan Pie a la mode (ALWAYS)
Think Twice:
Cheese Fries-Your cheese never quites melt right. Go standard fries or ask for gravy 
Cheesecake-It's a basic bitch compared to the queen diva chocolate pecan pie.
Kids' Faves:
French Fry Po-Boy (Carb Lover's Delite)
Chicken Strips (seriously, they are pretty tasty)
Tip well and use your manners, don't linger too long after you finish! It's a small space, so help your fellow Yelper eat by clearing out.I would go here just for the chocolate pecan pie! Served warm (they toss it on the grill with some butter) with ice cream....I'm salivating just thinking about it. 
Camellia Grill is one of those places we HAVE to go to every visit. My husband always orders the Chef's Special omelet, you never know what you'll find in it! It's huge, the sixe of a rolled newspaper. The burgers are fantastic too. 
There is usually a line out the door, there are only a few seats inside, but its worth the wait! The waiters are always friendly and make you feel like you are a regular there. So glad they re-opened after Katrina!Best meal I've had here in NOLA. The service was flawless. I've never had such a kind waiter who really knows how to do his job. As soon as you sit down you feel at home in the quaint little diner. The kitchen is right there, so there are no secrets as to what's happening 'behind the curtain'. Everything is clean and maintained. I ordered Harry's Yankee Po'Boy and my boyfriend got a bacon cheeseburger. His burger was pretty big and loaded with fresh juicy bacon. He gobbled it down fairly fast while I enjoyed my Po'Boy loaded with roast beef, grilled onions, Swiss, and a delicious brown gravy. At 10" long this Po'Boy was absolutely filling but oh so delicious. We both got fries, which were crispy and soft. The freezes seemed popular so we ordered a mocha freeze and a chocolate cream pie. They were both amazing! The best part? It didn't break the bank! We will definitely be back!!driving by one evening and saw a sign in front .25 cent oysters on the half shell. quickly turned around and consumed two dozen with a cold draft. what a deal. 6 bucks for dinner. This special is every tuesday nightFood is amazing, service is amazing! Truly enjoyed ourselves this is a much more cozy Waffle House, New Orleans original Camelias, this is a gem down on Carrollton!! I will be back, omelette fluffy cooked to perfection, the red beans were wickedly delicious.Great place for breakfast or early lunch. Hilarious great service! If you are there you definitely want to sit in Charlie's section. He'll take care of you!Was there with sis in Feb....food was solid and I enjoyed the diner atmosphere.  Service was friendly and attentive, especially for a diner.  We went late in the morning so no wait.   I ordered an omelet...and when I order any egg dish, I usually don't have high expectations....but it was really good - soft, fluffy and most importantly not dry and overcooked!  Hallelujah!Great meal at reasonable prices. The burgers are great and the hash browns are even better.  Everything is cooked to order in front of you. There is an entertaining banter between wait staff and the "chefs".  I always enjoy stopping here for a late night meal wether it be breakfast for dinner or a burger.  I did notice that the hours have changed so not sure if there is a new owner or not.  Still have a line out the door at random hours.  May not be your typical New Orleans food but definitely a local favorite but locals like a good diner like the rest of the world.Where to start? Hmmmmm I don't eat pancakes besides my own but baby let me tell you, those pancakes are nice and fluffy! Delicious. The mushroom omelet is huge. Nothing is frozen or fake tasting. I love it!! The staff is friendly and helpful. They seem to love and care about their customers. Excellent customer service. I must say, it's a place you can not pass up!Camellia Grill is a top choice for late night food establishments. It is the best restaurant to eat at in New Orleans after 11PM. I usually get the club sandwich as it comes with French fries. Sometimes I get the gumbo along with it. An alternate entre I get often is the fried catfish plate with cole slaw and French fries. Camellia Grill has breakfast food like omelets, and it's suppose to be excellent according to people who eat it. I don't like breakfast food so I never get it.Apparently, there is a regular crew working tirelessly for years, and it became clear when regulars came in and exchanged friendly greetings with them. 
The five of us were lucky to be seated immediately next to each other and were greeted with fist bumps from Martin. He took our orders without writing anything down and as a result, I didn't get sausage; I got bacon. My colleague didn't get bacon at all and our neighbors were missing something as well. 
My order of bacon, eggs, and hash brown were good but nothing special. I've heard you want to order the pecan waffle or pecan pancakes as those are something, but I had a bite of a pecan waffle. Eh. 
I like the small-ness of the place and its unusual shaped counter. It felt like stepping back in time in the south with its great big white pillars and charming interior. 
There was a bottle placed in front of us which I didn't recognize, so I asked my former colleague who now lives there what it was, and she said it was butter. As I looked at other patrons pouring the stuff out, I saw no trepidation. Apparently, this is normal and genius. It makes putting butter and syrup that much easier. 
Surprisingly, they took credit cards, and I added tip to my order. For $9.00 with tip, I got my usual breakfast and didn't leave super full but did leave satisfied. 
They also serve something called freezes which are apparently milkshakes, and their omelettes are also popular and large, as I witnessed first hand when neighbors ordered them. Those might be a better fulfilling deal. 
I also saw someone order red beans and rice, so I think they serve all kinds of food all day.Great spot for burgers and good old fashion greasy breakfast.  The atmosphere is great with really funny and personable staff.  Great banter between the staff and customers.  I had a burger and order of chili cheese fries and the tab was under 10 which was a great deal for the amount of food I had.   The breakfast items also look great.  Will definately hit this place up from breakfast before I leave town in a couple days.The Camellia Grill is another venerable New Orleans dining institution that is well worth checking out. After Hurricane Katrina, the previous owners did not re-open, and the many Camellia fans covered the doors with sticky notes professing their affections for the place and their hopes of being able to return to dine there. Fortunately, new owners bought the place and brought it back.
True, it is a greasy spoon diner that is good for late night diners but it's also a place that people from all walks of life go to, from tourists, nearby Loyola and Tulane students, NOLA residents, cops, and has the occasional James Carville sighting (I happened to be reading his latest book from the public library when he was there).
Whether it's one of their great omelets, burgers, or freezes, it's a welcome change from the rich foods of New Orleans restaurants (especially those places that serve too-small portions that leave you still hungry after dining). It's worth a wait for the food, counter seats, and the friendly, fist-bumping servers. It's an added bonus that you can take the St. Charles streetcar line for a scenic ride from the Quarter, through the CBD and Garden District all the way down there.What can be said about this place that has not already been said?  It's a quaint storefront with well made comfort cafe food.  I always have the eggs & hash browns and I split a pecan waffle with the husband. Filling home style food to set you up for a great day exploring the garden district.  The friendly staff are just and extra, the cherry on top, and those gorgeous marble counter tops are the whipped cream!Not my first choice when visiting new orleans. Kinda dirty and very busy. Reminds me of waffle houseAweosme experience. Food was awesome and big portions. The waiters and cooks are fun and very nice and the pricing is really reasonable! Perfect combination for a perfect brunch to end a fun vacation in NOLA!Great little cozy diner experience.  The food is delicious and the wait staff is very friendly!The food is delicious! I highly recommend the Camellia Grill for breakfast, the omelet was amazing! We had exceptional service. Our server, Joe was excellent! Very kind and always had a smile on his face! I will be returning on my next trip to New Orleans.Super entertaining breakfast with our hosts. All the breakfast basics that taste better than any place else. The pancakes are the best i have ever had.One resurant in New Orleans I will never forget.  We were welcomed with open arms and our stomachs were happily fed. Camellia Grill has been around since 1946 and after being there you'll understand why.  We had the Chocolate Freeze and Bacon Cheesburger and they both were one of the highlights of our trip. Michael was our waitor...he made us feel right at home. He was very genuine and sincere to us our entire time there.  Will absolutely be back !...Word!Just normal breakfast food, but normal breakfast food done REALLY RIGHT. I doubt I'll be going to breakfast anywhere else. There is always a line which sucks in this Nola heat, but as everyone else has said, it's well worth it. 
ALSO, IT IS OPEN LATE HOURS.Came here for the first time for lunch. I liked the old style lunch counter seating. Brun my counter server was relaxed, friendly and efficient. I had the fried chicken strips but sorry to say they did not taste like the were made on the premises. Tasted like frozen chicken strips that they fried and were on the dry side. I got the corn mach choux (spelling?) Which is a southern treat I can`t get at home. Large portions. I`d probably go back to try breakfast.I hear a lot of hype about this place so I had to try it for myself. I must say that it wasn't all what I expected at all.  The menu is pretty bland and the food wasn't great.Are you kidding,it's an instant pleasure to my senses,it's a landmark.Love everything & appreciate the laginappe by the great staff,always entertaining!!We LOVE this place.  Best breakfast in town (and in the South for that matter).  I'd take the family here every Sunday morning if I lived in the Big Easy.   
We actually visited here back in 2004 and, thankfully, it hasn't changed a bit in the past 9 years. 
Situated at the corner of S. Carrolton and St. Charles, this New Orleans institution is located in a beautiful area of town known as The Garden District.  
It's a traditional diner with counter seating only.  
The service is great!  The waiters are funny and entertaining.  
Coffee is tasty and it is STRONG.  
The menu has pretty much anything you want for breakfast.  If you want a heart-healthy breakfast, this is NOT the place for you. It's down-home greasy tasty breakfast. You will leave here fat and happy.  
I love the Omelets.  Pretty much any omelet you get is good. The pancakes and egg sandwiches are also quite delicious.  
To top it off, prices are very reasonable. 
Come early or be prepared to wait.This place is pretty straight forward. Breakfast and lunch dinner with animated old school wait staff. We usually come on a Saturday after soccer, if the line isn't around the building. Not sure what all the fuss is about, as Camellia Grill isn't the best breakfast stop, but it's decent. The biggest drawback for me is the seating. It's very crowded, and you will definitely be grazing knees or elbows with whomever is sitting next to you. It's fine for a quick bite with a person or two, but not a good place for groups.Camellia Grill, you're like an old friend to me. From the BLTs I used to eat in high school to the chili cheese fries I split with my now-husband when he first visited NOLA and met my parents years ago to the orange freeze I had there last week, you've been there throughout my life. One can say that my life is punctuated with pecan waffles and Judge's Chicken sandwiches. Just keep doing what you do, Camellia Grill, because I (and New Orleans) love you and are so glad to have you in our lives!I'd give this place 5 stars for uniqueness and personality of our waiter. This is type of place you want to take out of town friends bc it makes you feel like you've rolled back in time to a 50s diner with friendly smiling folks. It's almost like a theme park restaurant where the waiter is happy and cheery that be greets you with GOOD MORNING! And whips out quick little jokes to make you feel at home and confortable. The food was not the best. They also do not serve booze. It's basically juices, water, milks, coffee. That's not really a big deal but it may deter others looking for a hang over bloody mary. I had eggs over easy which were a lil over cooked, bacon which was thin flat bacon, toast and hash browns, which were greasy but not amazing. I tens to love me some greasy buttery stuff and this food is def that but just didn't have enough to draw my taste buds in. I do understand taste experience would have been different had I ordered an omlet. They do say they have one of the best. Over all I was happy with this place. It was fun. I would take out of town friends here for sure.I LOVE breakfast food, and I like entertainment. This was the first place I went to eat when I visited New Orleans last year.  He was bragging about how good the food was and if anyone knows me they know it's a pain for me to agree with anyone. So I went in ready to prove him wrong and I found myself agreeing. The food was great, affordable, and the portions were large!
To make things even better there is banter going on between the cooks and the customers that was absolutely hilarious, spontaneous and completely entertainment.  It's definitely a place I want to visit again.I ate at Camellia Grill (French Quarter location) for the first time this morning and may I say it was a great experience. The place is crowded, bustling, and full of New Orleans personality! The minute we walked in my mouth began watering. I'm pretty sure they hire people to stand in line and make the wait longer so you see all the different food orders on the table! All jokes aside, the atmosphere is pure energy with the waiters yelling multiple orders at the chef (yes, chef) and the line cooks teasing the newer employees and the food is melt in your mouth delicious. We had the chef omelette which is ham, turkey, bacon, onions, and potatoes mixed with egg smothered in chili, hashbrowns, a side of sausage and bacon, with a chocolate milk. This is a truly classy joint that takes pride in their work. The juice is worth the squeeze so to speak.So, after reading the reviews, you already know that the food here is great.  I'm not going to waste any time recounting the delicious burger, the tasty coffee milkshake, or the cheese fries.  What I am going to describe is the experience of watching my friend attempt to eat her chili omelette.
The omelette probably weighed 3 pounds - no joke.  It smelled delicious and was covered in hot, bubbling chili.  Towards the last 1/4 of the omelette, my friend started to slow down... and turn green.  But all hope was not lost!  Our waiter, whose name I forgot, taunted her into submission.  Screaming to the rest of the diners, he exclaimed to all that she was weak for not being able to finish her meal, that she needed to "slam it down" and "finish it now."  Amazing.  Then, when her face turned as red as the chili on her plate, he told her that she was a "delightful shade of red."
In all of my years dining on this planet, I have never witnessed anything so funny/embarrassing.  Even if you're not hungry, go for the intimate, friendly, and deliciously funny staff.This is the second time I went there for breakfast. The breakfast food is ok, good atmosphere, but there are flies all over. Won't go back.We hardly had to wait at all. We went on a Sunday morning around nine and only stood outside for a minute or two. Next in the waiting process is to go in and to the big green bench/couch on the left. I think we were on that for ten to fifteen minutes. 
How is the place? Go look at the pictures. That's it. Study them and you can see what the setup is like. There are no tables,  you face the cooks and will sit next to a stranger [or two people in your party will.]
I had 3 pecan pancakes, an egg over medium [to see if they did them right,] and shared an order of bacon, six slices, with my daughter. She got a over medium and hashbrowns. Wife got normal pancakes. Good, but I suggest upping it to the pecan ones.
My pancakes were not as pretty as my wifes, but they were very good. This isn't IHOP for the sheeple masses here. This is good food. Bacon was bacon, and that's always good. Hashbrowns were good, nothing amazing, but we didn't really want some bizarre epicurian hashbrowns.
Now, that egg. It wasn't over medium. It was closer to over easy. Now, that's fine as I had hashbrowns I could steal, and did, from my daughter to take care of the extra yolk, but I did order over medium and they missed.
This is more a "let me show you something" place to take friends. I'm sure there is a mom and pop hole-in-the-wall that does it just as good. And as beautiful as the street it's on is, there is no outside seating. Though if you go during peak hours, you'll get to wait out there for a long time.You've got to try this place if you find yourself near Loyola or Tulane. The double U shaped counter offers a unique dining experience. We dropped by for breakfast and waited about 10 minutes for a spot together at the bar. (They do a great job of keeping parties together.) It's definitely diner food - but it is stick-to-your-ribs good. Our waiter, Leon, was amazing to watch. He flawlessly called out an order for five people to the man at the grill and then checked back a few minutes later with the grillman to make sure he was getting it right! 
We had the pancakes with turkey bacon and with regular pork bacon. The pancakes were surprisingly light and fluffy and my bacon was fatty - just like I requested. We were in and out of there quickly. They didn't rush us but we weren't about to linger with a crowd of about 30 people eyeing our spot!
Tip: If you are visiting and staying near the French Quarter or the business district and want to try this original location, take the green line St. Charles street car to the S. Carrollton stop. It's a great ride and you get to see some of the garden district, the front of Tulane and Loyola campuses and Audubon Park.A Local's Favorite Haunt
This place was amazing.  You have to imagine being transported back in time to a 1940s-1950s style Diner where all of the seats are at the Gill Counter!  A place were the food is fantastic, the portions are humongus, the service is top shelf, and the prices are realllllly good.
Everyone in our group walked out of there holding our stomachs and echoing the Alca-Seltzer commercial from the 1970's --"I can't believe, I ate the whole thing!!!!"
This is THE place to have breakfast/Lunch, or plan for a LARGE Take-out order of fabulous food.  Only get there early if you are planning on having a breakfast on the weekend. 
We got there around 9:40 AM on a Saturday.  Waited about 5 minutes and were seated.  When we left around 10:40, in addition to the 20 or so sitting on seats inside, the line was out the door and at least 20 deep!
It is located in Carrolton/Uptown, near the river bend on the St Charles Streetcar line.  So unless you are a local, or know about it, or are willing know the Streetcar routes, you might never hear of it.  But it is accessible for locals as well as out of towners who know where it is & how to get there using public or private transportation.
Wonderful & Fabulous are the words that best describe The "Omelettes".  One in our group was trying to cut down on too many calories for breakfast, while at the same time actively seeking to enjoy.  She opted for the "Rano's" which contains: Egg White, Baby Spinach, Onion, & Swiss Cheese.  Consider this a sort of Weight Watcher's or dieter conscience safety valve.  That is until you add the included side of either Fries, or Hashbrowns, or the Absolutely Outstanding Grits (which is only served 8-11AM).  Without any question, those were some of the sweetest/butteriest/melt in your mouth grits that my wife and I have ever tasted.
Pecan Waffle and egg, was the preferred choice of our friend who brought us there, which he loved.
After studying the menu, I opted for the "Chef's Special Omelette" (Turkey, bacon, Ham, Potato, Onions, American and Swiss Chesse --- TOPPED with some of the tastiest chili I can remember-- Also, I could not resist having the obligatory choice of those fabulous Grits).  
Our eyes bugged out as everyone's order filled the entire extra large oblong platter plate.  
There is an extensive menu as well for "Hamburgers, Dinner Plates, Whole Meal Sandwiches, 10" Po-Boys, Hot Sandwiches, Cold Sandwiches, Soups & Salads, Freezes, and Desserts".  Their descriptive names of the various offerings (i.e. Lilly's Chicken Strips, Mardi Gras Sandwich, Doc Brinkers Special, or Judge's Chicken), are right out of the Diner Kitchen Shorthand lingo 
Unfortunately, we did not have any room, nor time left in NO to return and try some of it.  Sooooooo, we will just have to return there next time, FOR SURE!!!!Great place great service great food but you should always expect a wait. Don't go here if you have a large group or are looking to take your time eating. It's a very rushed atmosphere due to limited seating.Are you kidding me? . . We only had pie,  but it was the best ever. . Served fast and fun on their old school counter. . Definitely stop in when your on the St Charles trolley line. . Lots of fun.literally just a breakfast joint. seriously, nothing special. 
I got the waffles (good flavor but thin) and a sausage link (which came at the END of my meal when I was already finished with the waffle.)I wanted to like this place, I really did. The one star is for the very nice cooks that work there. Other than that, I don't even know where to begin...
Let me start by saying that there is no organized way of seating people at this place. Which would have been nice when an older gentleman... A much older gentleman... Sat next to us on the waiting bench smelling like he had... ehem... In his pants, which was only confirmed by what was left on the seat when he stood up. I understand you can't control what your customers do, but someone in my party had to tell them to clean it up. Not to mention, no one cleaned the seat he dined on once he finished eating before someone else sat there. We sat smelling that for 20 more minutes and finally got seated once we took it upon ourselves to find a seat. Everything was smooth sailing from there: service was friendly, food was good.
Unfortunately, those in my party had a touch of food poisoning that night. I was not as lucky and almost ended up in the hospital from being sick.
Like I said, I wanted to like this place. But just hearing the name makes my stomach turn, and I won't be back.Had a fab waiter, Chris, who was super-entertaining and friendly. The food was simple, but good. Great, old fashioned atmosphere.Dirty diner food. Guys serving you sweating all over the place. Never saw anyone wash their hands. Food is actually tasty, which I suppose is the only redeeming quality.This place has everything you want in a diner. Nothing fancy. Just excellent food and a great vibe.An iconic location in the Big Easy. Usually a late nite stop after you are done with the Rock and Bowl! For me this was "breakfast" after a short burst of physical activity along Saint Charles Ave.... Yep, that was me runnin', stumblin', bummblin' for a cup of really great joe followed by Rano's Omelette (egg whites, baby spinach, & onions) with side of grits. The egg whites give the omelette a fluffy, almost moist texture, add the wilted spinach and diced onions that makes the texture turn slightly to the left with bits of soft crunch and a slurp of spinach. Add the grits to even the flavor (dash of salt and pepper to season) and breakfast!The service was super great, these guys deserve a great tip. I ordered the Mexican omelette (I think that's what it was) and it was huge! It had lots of flavor to it. My friend ordered a burger and so perhaps next time I'll be back for that. YOU MUST TRY THE MAC-N-CHEESE PATTY. I don't remember the exact name, but just think the crunchiness of tator-tots but filled with macaroni and cheese! What a genius invention. The reasons why I'm not giving this 5 stars is because the bacon was overcooked and it caused a me stomach ache, and when I ordered waffles and chicken to-go, it was a flimsy "waffle" without any flavor and the chicken was a super small, grilled chicken breasted that you could finish in two bites. I was disappointed because I had just enjoyed this great meal then the to-go meal was a big bummer.Awesome. For tourists and locals alike, this place is one of the best to grab a simple, delicious meal. I love the omelettes, which probably give you the best bang for your buck. Maybe my favorite thing about this place is that, on weekend nights, they're open until 2 a.m. This is the perfect stop after a night out.I did not find this in any tour book.  I still suggest that for breakfast,ask a native,or a resident.  Though we were recommended to the uptown location,right now it is 100 degrees in New Orleans,and this location was five blocks away,on Chartres in the French Quarter.
What you get is real food,served by enthusiastic waiters and you sit communally at a  counter...and the fun begins...great food,I had some special with turkey,ham,bacon in an omlette with...chili on top...I cannot recommend this place enough...but if you are looking for quiet(aka...hungover) this is not the place to go.The consummate greasy spoon, the institution that is The Camellia Grill is one not to miss when out in NOLA. Located in the East Carrolton right next to the Mississippi, it is a fun place to go any time of the day. However, being the consummate late night owl that I am, I prefer to hit it up when I'm too boozed and too hungry.
It is the kind of diner anyone would love. A great mix of personalities on the patron side (think families during the day, drunk college kids at night) and some of the friendliest staff you'll ever meet. It's casual and with its counter situation (facing the kitchen), one has no choice but interact, be it a neighbor or staff taking an order.
The prices have probably creeped up over the years, but since their rebirth a la Katrina after several years, I am sure they could use all the extra pennies they can get. And having tasted their food, I'm happy to fork it over.
A healthy spot it is not. Southern breakfast staples like waffles / French toast, milkshakes, and even root beer floats are in constant rotation here. I personally am a huge fan of their burgers here, which are small but packed with lots of greasy flavor. Hash browns, my all time favorite starchy breakfast potato, is unfortunately a little disappointing as it was bland and soaked in oil. Knowing how most southern joints can crank out a quality hash brown, I haven't lost hope in Camellia yet.
The next time I find myself out till the wee hours of the evening and with some type of vehicle to take me to the east side of town, it's virtually a guarantee I'll be back at Camellia Grill to get my eat on. Beware of the lines as this place is crazy popular and embrace the historical significance that has served the community for many decades (and hopefully many more!).What a fun place to eat. You take the St Charles trolley to almost the end of the line. It can take about 45 minutes. There is a line to get in to this very small counter-style restaurant but it moves very fast. Here you will fine great breakfast meals and lunch and dinner. You are served by cheerful counter waiters in pink baseball caps. They wisecrack and joke with you so much you will feel right at home. I had the Yankee po-boy and it was huge big enough for two people. The pecan waffles are simple and delicious.Wait was so long. Food is OK. We were not served water until much later, had to ask for a refill. We also didn't get our coffees or orange juice until after we were served our meal. Then the BLTs arrived the bacon was cold. The rest of the people in our party had to ask for their side orders of bacon and sausage. It seemed they just forgot. Everyone was nice but we wished it had been a better experience for the amount of time we waited.I have been going to Camellia Grill for twenty years, and this old time diner has not changed at all. It was probably there before I was born roughly twenty years before that. I am glad they have not changed because it is a solid gold diner of the highest caliber. Breakfast or brunch, whether before a big day or after a long night. Their famous chilli omelet, their kick-ass burgers and fries, their damn-that's-good shakes, their fountain drinks, and club sandwiches. 
Wearing old school uniforms even in the hottest month of a New Orleans summer, the staff takes pride in the quality of your breakfast, their service and their own personal connection with you as another human being. Tulane students, the eccentric bourgeois who reside in this neighborhood, and a few streetcar stranglers visiting from out of town--all commune here perched on stools behind the zig-zag counter.  The atmosphere is intimate, and this being New Orleans, you'll probably get to chatting, and might just make friends. Thankfully though this place is too far from the quarter to have been ruined by tourism although it might not be long. There is a CG in the quarter. Tourists, kindly stay there, alright?
Go late in the evening or very early in the morning to avoid the crowd although there might be a few partiers ahead of you in line. If you are lucky, you will be one of them.  Maybe you are just a voyeur and get your kicks watching and whispering. If so, you're likely to  have plenty of antics to gawk at here, a nice little show while you eat your pancakes. At the very least, you'll have yourself an outstanding breakfast and leave feeling very happy. It might be from the twenty cups of coffee you just ingested, granted. If a greasy-spoon world champion were awarded, it might very well be given to Camilla Grill.This is an awesome breakfast place. Food is always good! The staff is always friendly & helpful!This is a solid choice if you are looking for a greasy spoon type of place. If you are not looking for a greasy spoon type of place, the grass IS greener elsewhere (i.e. avoid the salad). The staff was fun once they warmed up a bit. This prices are very affordable.Went to Camellia Grill for the first time in many years last night. I was hoping for a trip down memory lane since it was a go-to spot during college and many years after. However, it was not meant to be. I found the place grungy, wait staff/cashier had no personality what-so-ever. I wanted the buzz and laughter that always came with going to the Grill. The food was mediocre at best. I ordered a BLT with crispy bacon, and got barely toasted bread with rubbery bacon. I ordered a cup of coffee which never came. With all the places in the city to eat, I'll not return nor will I recommend it. So sad.Had a fantastic, affordable diner meal at a convenient 1 am!! Enjoyed the atmosphere and had great fun with Dennis! Highly recommended for a good, easy stop!I was hesitant to eat here, given that it was recommended by a college student who eats anything!  Well, surprise!  It was really good!  I had a bacon burger, cooked to perfection!  The fries are good, too, as is the banana cream pie!  Such a great place!  And, the staff is awesome--they really make the place friendly and welcoming.  Frog was our waiter:  what a doll!
There will probably be a wait, and you can only sit at the counter, fyi.Loved it!  Awesome greasy spoon!  Gumbo was delicious!  Take the St Charles trolley.  Got full them ready for a walk around the nearby Audubon ParkWe were disappointed. We have been coming here for 36 years and the service and food have slipped in quality. My wife's toast never arrived. My dinner plate didn't arrive until our companions were almost through with their meals. And when it did, the meat was barely warm.  My son had to ask twice for his Coke.  We arrived at a time when there were plenty of seats so I can't blame it on an overworked staff.  Everyone was cordial and friendly but the attention to details wasn't there. With so many great new places on Freret these days, we'll go there instead.The best thing about the camellia grill is definitely the atmosphere. It feels just like an old-timey diner with long white counter seating. We came in just for dessert and we're immediately treated like regulars. The man behind the counter was very friendly and gave us some great suggestions. It felt like a place with a lot of history! We got the apple pie, banana cream pie, and chocolate pecan pie (definite stand out!) They we're all delicious. I would love to come back and have a proper meal there, the omelettes sounded amazing!Best place to eat in town good food fresh made when you order good prices multiple options :)Awesome omlets and burgers. We always get a freeze when we go... especially the chocolate cherry freeze. Seating is deli counter style. There's a wait late at night, and especially on the weekends...but worth it.
When you go, make sure to watch the waiters as they give you your straw...my kids love it.Really great diner for breakfast. It's only counter seating, which is cool. We tried the breakfast po boys and they hit the spot.  Also try the chili cheese fries and the iced coffee. Really fast service!
159/365When I visit the Crescent City, this is a staple for me.
A friend of mine who is a student at Loyola brought me here and transformed my understanding of a great diner. The characters who serve you are just as amazing as the food you get. 
The counter tables allow you to meet new people, which is pretty awesome as the cosmopolitan/tourist nature of New Orleans brings many people. Our friends to my left were Dutch, and to my right we had some people from Wisconsin with awesome accents and across the counter were some gothic rockers, and next to them were a family of Koreans. Confirmation that I am in an awesome place.
My double burger was delicious and juicy, and fries were typical, but that was alright with me. Get the pecan pie, but if you get it warmed (Veggie alert!) know that they put it on the same surface they cook burgers... And good thing I'm not a vegetarian because that's fine with me!
Say hi to Marvin for me!The Camellia Grill at 540 Chartres Street in New Orleans' French Quarter is the only place I got kicked out of during my explorations of the Crescent City.
And that was for walking in with a drink.
'Chef' yelled at me 'NO ALCOHOL IN HERE' and he gestured with his spatula in a menacing way.
I don't mess with chefs.
Especially anywhere near the kitchen.
They're usually hot... they got lots of sharp pokey things to stick you with and I've had this recurring dream where one of them plants my face on the grill.
I don't like that dream.
So when 'Chef' kicked me out I didn't protest or even negotiate...
I figured I'd just go back out on the street and finish my N'awlins Slurpee outside and then come in for a little late night snackin' action.
Before I hit the exit 'Chef' and the rest of the crew at the Camilla Grill let me know that they were joking and that I could stay.
Which was cool...
because 'Chef' grilled me up one helluva Rueben and I was really cravin' that action.
I stopped in again and I took a picture of 'Chef' when we were talkin' about it...
and he cooked me up a killer Muffaletta.
Oh man this place is some good food.
The guys at the counter will keep you entertained and 'Chef' will cook you up some good grub fast.
They did remind me that next time I decided to walk in with a drink that'd be polite and courteous to bring one for everyone.
Thanks for the great late night snackin' action 'Chef' Will.
You da bomb!The burger was awesome! The fries were crispy and good! The chocolate freeze were awesome and true to its name!Great local place!!  Only in New Orleans do you get syrup dispenser and a butter dispenser!  Staff is a blast!!Camellia Grill - open late, prices cheap, and ok food. Somehow, people fall ass over tea kettle for how great this places is, and I will never know why. I have never had a bad experience, but neither have I had an experience that would make me wait the the line that can form around the block to get in on some mornings. Now, maybe late at night, when I am totally plastered, I may wait in line - which, in fairness, I have done.Went there for lunch. The staff likes to entertain. Food is below average. Restrooms are in back. Went and saw the backroom. Had I went before eating would have left. Nor cleanWaited in line about 40 min on a Sunday morning but it was definitely worth the wait. I dont know what they put in the pancakes but they are absolutely amazing! The burgers are delicious too!This counter-only diner was good and the familial environment was great.  I'd advise taking the trolley here from the Quarter and enjoying a hearty breakfast.  
Good coffee and big portions (except the waffles - they looked small but everything else was big!)
I had the Mexican omelet (see photo) and it was filling for sure - you can get with hashbrowns  (shown) or with grits.Love this place. Great breakfast, brunch, or lunch spot. Best waffles I have had, best hash browns.  Don't forget to get a freeze, or two, also. Worth the travel time from downtownGreat service, great food, great place to visit if you come to New Orleans! The waiters makes it original down home Nawlins! You will be entertained!We had the vegetarian omelette and the Rano's (egg whites and spinach), and decided to share it. Both were super cheesy and delicious, staff was friendly and quick to serve and replenish your beverages, I think it's a great breakfast joint but I saw burgers on the menu as well, may need to come back to try that!
Price was way below any restaurant around in the block.They don't salt their fries. Even McDonald's does that.  I think I ordered poorly - hot roast beef poboy. Their "sauce" is super salty and the quality of the beef was on par with prison food. Great ambience and staff, though.I was really excited to go here with my friends after a zoo trip, but it turned out to be a big regret. I would not recommend this place at all even though it is supposed to be a New Orleans classic.
Upon arriving, one of the staff members rudely told my friend that someone was already sitting there in one of the seats that she selected. We were all taken aback by his attitude bc it was uncalled for. When the customers arrived back at the counter, we found out that the seat was actually empty. 
We sat directly in the middle of the counter which gave a clear view of where everything was being prepared. I highly doubt that everything was sanitary at all. The counters and grill looked like it had not been cleaned in a really long time, on top of flies flying all over the diner and landing on everything. None of the staff were wearing gloves while preparing the food. I even saw one of them using his phone and then go on to prepare food without gloves and washing his hands. The aesthetic of the restaurant would be nice if it was clean. 
The wait was not long for food, however, I did wait 20 minutes for my fries but that was because I did not want to say anything and upset the staff who seemed to have forgotten that I ordered it. However, my friend's burger was so undercooked that it was probably still mooing and my other friend's onion rings were greasy, undercooked, and had a strange watery texture. I have no complaints about my french fries or mac and cheese bites, they were quite good but not extraordinary.
I do not recommend this place at all. It was my first and last time eating there. But, I do think that it is somewhere that you have to experience for yourself.Wow! What a breakfast ,,,,,had the mushroom omlette with hash browns and a side of bacon ,,,with the chicory coffee,,,,omlette was a perfect mix of mushrooms and cheese ,,,,5 stars for the best omlette I ever had !!I ordered the chili omelet with grits, 3 pancakes and a pecan pie with ice cream. My meal came out with hash browns but was also accompanied with my grits which was outstanding but they forgot my pancakes. After being this to the attention of the head cook, he made my pancakes and did not charge me for them. Everything else was excellent even tho the venue is very tiny.This is the quintessential diner!  Food is great, the staff friendly and they cook right there!  Counter seating only and you end up talking with your neighbors!  My sister and I shared the muffuletta- good thing because it was huge!  We also shared cheese fries!  Didn't have room for dessert- next time!!A review two years later for me...I'm glad I was able to visit while the late Marvin Day was around. He was truly a joy and brought all of the personality to the diner. Food is pretty average but the experience with Marvin was the best. WORD!This is a New Orleans institution that has been located in the river bend area of New Orleans for decades. Located near the university area it has been a favorite spot for Tulane and Loyola students for years. It's an old fashion diner where you sit at the counter and order diner food. Great spot for breakfast, lunch or dinner but I usually find myself getting a cheeseburger, fries and a thick milkshake when I am there. If you plan on going for lunch/brunch on a weekend then be prepared to wait. This old style diner does not have a large seating area and fills up quickly. The food is very good but you are really eating there for the tradition and the experience. Ownership changed a few years ago but they have maintained the grill as a top New Orleans grease spoon and I look forward to going there for decades to come.To start off, make sure that you're getting here early or that you're ready to wait. To follow up, it's worth the wait. I promise. We lucked out showing up at about 1130 on a Saturday and only had to wait about 20 minutes, but the line was to the street by the time we were seated. 
There are only about 30 seats in Camellia Grill. When you show up, just join the back of the line. They'll let you in the door as there is space available at the counter. 
I've always gone for the breakfast. The Chef's Omelet is a monster that is guaranteed to fill you up. Eggs, turkey sausage, ham, bacon, potatoes, cheese. Oh yeah, they top that off with chili. I ordered with fries instead of hash browns. The amazing thing about this is actually the eggs. Very rarely do you find eggs this fluffy. I think they blend them in a milkshake machine. Whatever they do, it works. The eggs are incredibly light and make up for the rest of the heavy stuff. 
I told a bit of a lie when I said I stick with breakfast. Pecan pie with ice cream isn't part of a normal balanced breakfast, but I had that too. The secret is they'll actually put your piece of pie on the grill in some butter and heat it up. Then you get it with ice cream. Works for breakfast for me. 
I did try a bite of the burger as well as the chocolate freeze. Burger was pretty standard diner burger, but good. Chocolate freeze was really good in my book. I like my shakes to be only slightly blended with bits of ice cream. Also, not overwhelmingly heavy. This was both.I've never had a bad thing from here! Everything is good! My favorite is the Word special which is a hot sausage poboy... I usually add cheese! BEST....EVER! And you can't go wrong with their breakfast!!The food here is delicious. Other than the rude hostess the staff is funny, pleasant and makes it a great trip. Had the ham cheese omelet. They have it down to a science. 
Friend had the bacon cheeseburger and it looked juicy and delicious. 
Tried the club sandwich and the carved turkey on it made it original.I give Camellia Grill 2.5 stars.
Had a hankering for some diner type breakfast on a Sunday morning following a night of many beverages...so we decided on Camellia Grill.  It had been YEARS since I had been, and a little bit of nostalgia kicked in.
We went early, so the wait was only 5 minutes long.  Get there after 10, and you'll see a line out the door.
I ordered the ham and cheese omelet, and hashbrowns.  It was just o.k.  My boyfriend had a pancake and sausage. It was pretty good.
The prices are reasonable, but definitely not as cheap as people make it out to be.
I can't see ever making it point to go there again, as there are a ton of great breakfast options in New Orleans.  
I honestly can't figure out the hoopla.We took the trolley here for breakfast the morning of New Years Eve.  We arrived a little after 10 and the line was well out the door but I was surprised at how fast it moved.  I was also surprised when we got inside that the whole restaurant is one long counter.  Very cool.  I had scrambled eggs and hubby had what he called one of the best omelettes ever.  The servers were fast and friendly.  We had a really pleasant breakfast.  I recommend getting an RTA day pass and spending the day on your back from breakfast or lunch getting on and off the trolley through the garden district.  It was a nice way to work off our food.  My only comment would be that the only two cheeses are swiss and American.  I have long held the belief that American cheese is not in fact cheese.  Maybe I've been in the midwest too long but cheddar should be on the menu.One of my favorite places ever.  So charming, such great food..and the people who work there are the BEST.  This place is a MUST visit if you are in New Orleans.  Lived in NO for 2 years, and fell in love with the Camelia Grill.  Now, I come every year when I visit.  They opened one in the Quarter, but this is the original.  Love it!Old school dining at it's best with a staff that will make you smile/laugh.... And food that is southern comfort! Go there every visit to Tulane!I can't say enough great things about this place. It's so unique to uptown and has anything you could ever imagine to satisfy your cravings. I particularly like the omelettes, pancakes, and the catfish dinner. Their mashed potatoes are also heavenly. Aside from their good old fashion diner food, I just love all the servers. They are incredible and make you feel like home no matter where you come from. Do yourself a favor and stop by for some great food but an even better experience.This is the cutest diner ever. I love how the waiter orders up the food. I stuck with a BLT with an order of onion rings. The onion rings were perfect! Great environment and friendly service!(10/2014) 
My second taste of Louisiana!  It's good ol' fashion simple home-style grill food.  The ambiance is a flash back to the 1940s with men in bow ties serving over-the-counter style.  Tried their gumbo, red beans and rice,  and muffaletta sandwich.  Seemed to be a popular spot as it was very crowded!This is another of those places where I think people are more enamored with the idea of the restaurant rather than the food. 
It's kind of dirty. And it smells like a toilet. I think they use the same industrial cleaner to clean the counters as they do the restrooms. I couldn't get past the smell.
The food is... diner food, but not even that great. It's just alright.
But the servers/cooks are cool and the place is dingy so people feel 'legit'.
True Americana...Arrived at around 2am. Totally ignored for 30 minutes. Almost had to speak to the manager. Took 45 minutes for food! Not a ghost ending to a great night !I came here on June 9th around 4:30pm along with 3 other friends . Upon walking in , this young gentlemen with glasses had the worst attitude . (His name started with a B.) My order was Mac & cheese bites and onion rings . The onion rings were disappointing since they were oily and stuck together . Maybe they had an off day . I don't see myself returning to this restaurant in the foreseeable future . There is nothing special about this place .You CANNOT miss this place if you're visiting New Orleans! Yes, sometime the wait is long, but that's only because so many people love this place they are willing to wait a while to be seated. The waiters are just the funniest and friendliest people you will ever meet, and they don't do it just to get tips. These people are genuinely friendly and want you to have a good time in their establishment. Now, the food... Everything is good. They have some of the best burgers in the city, and their omelets are out of this world. I would give them 10 stars if I could!small place but man the food is amazing. we had the fried catfish, the chef's omelet which was super ridiculously amazing (covered in chili) and mac n cheese bites. the staff working at 1-2 am is really funny and work super hard!Not sure where to start except to say WOW!!!  What a experience in food, quality, atmosphere and service.  This is a "old time" diner type venue and it lives it as soon as you walk in.  Went for breakfast and had a short wait and the food was served hot and fresh as it should be.  This is a MUST GO TO PLACE.....be ready for long lines on a busy weekend and it goes quick.  Our server MIKE is FANTASTIC.  They are all funny. witty and charming.....THANKS!!!!Been here twice in my three visits to New Orleans. We just love it!  It is an experience not to be missed. I wouldn't recommend it to those snobby foodies - this is something completely different. 
You will leave full and with a smile on your face. 
You've got to a chocolate freeze!DON'T GO!!!
There are too many great places to eat in NOLA to waste a meal here.
Omlette burnt.
Asked for cheddar, got American even though they confirmed cheddar TWICE.
Fake syrup on the counter beside the liquid margarine.
Bland grits...almost the worst I've ever had.I went to New Orleans for my sister's graduation from Tulane this passed May.  I had heard wonders about this place so I was super excited.  When we got there we had a pretty short wait time (only couple head of my family of 5).  The host told us it would be only about 15 minutes, which was a good thing because my fiance was paying for parking.
As we waited several people finished their meals, and the couple in front of us was seated in an area for four people which I thought was strange because there was a seat for two in another location, and we were a bigger group.  
The next thing I know, the male host, who obviously hates his job, is yelling at my sister in law because we were waiting for my fiance to come back from the parking lot and he wanted to seat us. Then he started yelling at me because I asked him to sit closer to my family, not an unreasonable request.  He was going to sit us on opposite sides of the restaurant, unbelievable! 
I immediately told my Mom to get up, that we were leaving, There is no way, that I'm supporting a business who treats their patrons like that.  As we were walking out, I thank the host for such wonder service, and he told me a few choice words (real professional, what happened to the customer is always right?!?!).
I will definitely not go back there, New Orleans is full of great places to eat, where people give you that southern hospitality, and deserves you business,  Camellia's Grill certainly does not.I have been going to the Camellia for almost five years and after five years I will not return.  We took the trolly all the way from the French Quarter to Camellia's on a Saturday morning.  As we arrived about 10 to 15 people were standing out front of the restaurant with confused looks on there faces.  We walked in to the restuanut and the host told us to wait outside.  She did not take anyone's name nothing just said go outside.  Well, after a few minutes other guess started leaving saying other people that arrived after them where being seated before them.  We decied to wait and see if we were missing something and the couple who arrived after us got seated first.  We left and will never return.  All we wanted was for the host to take a name or give us a number simple as that but instead fight your way in and hope you get a table.  I could not believe the host, Wow!