What a great little place. We were in town for the marathon and needed a place to carbo-load. TThis was a  lucky and great choice...good food, nice service, authentic atmosphere in a tiny restaurant. Well worth it.The restaurant is well presented and cozy. Our server, Aurora, was informative and sweet.  I asked for lasagna and was told it would be an hour before it was ready.  It was 6:00 on a Friday.  Hmmmmm.  Then I ordered osso buco and was told it was not available.  Really????  So I ordered chicken parmigiana.  My husband ordered veal parmigiana. The prosciutto and melon appetizer was excellent. The wine was good. Our entrees arrived and both were burnt!  They covered it with sauce and a slice of mozzarella but burnt nonetheless.  I stopped the host who returned them to the kitchen.  30 minutes later round 2 arrived.  No offer of something in the meantime. Veal was overcooked but not burnt.  My chicken was also dry and overcooked and very brown crusted. Sauce was boring and in short supply and the mozzarella looked like a deli slice.  Altogether underwhelming .  I left 3/4 of the chicken and the side of fettuccini, overcooked, with white (boring) sauce.  When Aurora asked how it was I told her 'not so great'. Any GOOD restaurant would have removed my meal from the bill.  Not this one.Great authentic Italian food.  Super fresh ingredients and nice simple dishes.  We had the bruschetta, prosciutto with cantaloupe, lasagna and house specials.  Everything was perfectly cooked.
Restaurant is small so make reservations if you don't want to wait.  Service was great.  Nice break form the hustle and bustle of New Orleans.I had heard about this place for months and had wanted to check it out. The owner FedEx's most of her ingredients directly from Italy, so I knew it would be good. Ended up going for my boyfriend's birthday. We started with the mussels and half a cheese plate as appetizers. Both could have been shared and were great. My man loved the authentic Italian mustard, which is literally like honey, and I just about died over the truffle honey and cheese. Sadly, they don't sell any of the honeys to take home!!! For entrees, he had the veal parmigiana and I opted for the penne a la vodka with lump crab meat. We were both very happy. 
The food was great, but to be honest what will bring us back is the service. Michelle was our primary server and her enthusiasm while describing the specials, her wine pairing recommendations, and overall enthusiasm made the meal. John, who also assisted with the meal, was upbeat but not too forward and made us feel at home. 
Lagniappe: by the end of the meal, we felt so at ease and at home (first time there!) that I joked with Michelle if she had anything to stick a candle on for my boyfriend to blow out because it was his birthday dinner. She looked confused and I explained, we are both so satisfied and full, that we can't eat another bite. She laughed and minutes later she brought a candle on a PLATE (standing straight up and lit) with chocolate covered almonds. She smiled and said, this is the best we could do. 
Are you kidding? It was great. Thank you for a great meal, fantastic service, and a wonderful memory.My 2 favorite dishes are the Truffle ravioli and the pumpkin ravioli.  This place is bumpin' on the weekends, so make a reservation or call ahead.  I've never had a problem sitting at the bar for my meal if you don't mind doing do, I suggest it.  The wait staff is pleasant and attentive.Probably one of the best meals I've had while in New Orleans. My son and I split the filet with peppercorn sauce and my wife had the Seabass. Both were amazing. Peach martini was on point. It's also a nice break from all of the Cajun food we've eaten over the previous 3 days. We will definitely be back next time. Make sure you make reservations in advance.Great service, friendly staff, nice ambiance. Food a bit bland nothing, wow worthy. I was hoping for the price and how authentic the menu seemed, there would be more attention to detail with the flavor etc. Chicken Alberto (I think), seemed easy enough to prepare at home. That said, we still had a nice time.Good food - though we only got the excellent bruschetta served in the nearly two hours that we sat.  Reservations at 7 pm, arrived about 6:50 and were seated  At 8:40 we had not been served our entrees - and nor had ANY of the seven or eight other tables around us.  We got up and left - as had the other diners at table next to us who had arrived even earlier. 
Apparently from other reviews, this is very typical - at least a 45 minute wait sometimes even longer just to have the order taken.  They are either understaffed or disorganized. They used to have a very small restaurant next door and expanded into a larger one with several more tables and apparently didn't think about organizing either the kitchen or the wait staff. 
Too bad as the bruschetta was excellent.  I had a second reservation for the following week for the four of us, and canceled.  We won't go back.  With 1420 restaurants in greater New Orleans, more than many having as good or exceptionally better food, no one should have to put up with such abysmal service as apparently is consistently provided by The Italian Barrel.The mushroom ravioli was delicious! Very nice ambiance. Check out the strange king throne in the men's room.I hate writing these kind of reviews, because I do not want to come off as a jerk, but I really need to share this.
My husband and I have eaten at the Italian Barrel on several occasions. The last being our wedding anniversary. The place is cute, the atmosphere is romantic, and the food is AMAZING. We're both vegetarians, so it's hard to find delicious food in the quarter that isn't Mediterranean or pizza. My husband can't stop raving  about the porcini and truffle ravioli, and I am fairly obsessed with their orange Grand Marnier sorbetto. Their cheese plates go on for days and are very different from any of the other ones offered in the city. 
"Why, my dear are you giving this place only three stars, Andrea?" you may be asking. Here's why: My husband and I feel that we get worse service than other customers. The place is tiny, so it's pretty obvious.  We are both tattooed but always wear really nice clothes (it was our anniversary!!) and tip very well (usually 20-35 percent, depending on how many cocktails we have had). Our waiter on 2 occasions did not give us the same quality of service as the other (older and ritzier) patrons. We were not read the specials, my questions were answered curtly, and we were not checked on often. It was pretty irritating, considering we were spending almost 80 bucks on a dinner, and it is one of our favorite places to eat. Maybe we came on a bad night? Maybe our table was for someone coming in soon? I will probably keep going here because the food is so delicious, but it's upsetting, nonetheless.What a find!    I was very hesitant to try Italian food in NOLA.  We started with a meat & cheese platter with different dipping sauces and flatbreads.  Delicious.   The entrees were as follows:
Ravioli with roasted tomatoes and ricotta cheese
Chicken Parmigan with linguine in a white sauce
Lasagna
No complaints on any.  All clean plates
So if you are not in the mood for traditional cuisine you must try this place. Service was also excellent.   EnjoyLike Italian?  True Italian experience!  You will love this one.  Just two of us. We split everything. Just right. Mussels, salad, pasta with red sauce and sausage followed by an amazing veal entree. All that to perfection but so glad we tried the tiramisu. It is the recipe of the Chef's mother. She makes it daily. Never rushed. Amazing service.Good food- had the crabmeat pasta- but the service is lousy, at least during the day.  Get take out or go for dinner (complete difference- way better when the evening staff came on shift.)Holy S**t!  We LOVED this place.  We each ordered an entree and every single one was delicious!  They quality of the ingredients shines through each dish.  The pasta is amazing and the appetizer (caprese salad) was simple yet perfect.  My only complaint would be the tiramisu was not my favorite, but I am very picky about my tiramisu.
Wine - YUM.  They have a nice selection from a specific Italian winemaker so it was fun to try those and the quality did not disappoint. 
Service - Attentive and knowledgeable 
Atmosphere - It was nice outside so we wanted to sit on the patio.  It was quaint and an average view, but it is right across the street from something that smelled like we were near dumpsters.  Nothing bad enough to ruin the experience, though.Cute, little Italian restaurant in a sea of Cajun cookeries. We had dinner on a Saturday evening; the place was packed! We sat at a table outside along the street. The weather was beautiful so I didn't mind. However, you shouldn't neglect your outdoor tables. We probably waited 45 minutes to receive our entree. The outdoor waiter was servicing all the tables, so we didn't receive much attention. Refills on drinks and bread took an extended period of time. I ordered a French 75 cocktail and received champagne with a spritz of lemon in it (must have been the bartender's first time making it). I had the cheese ravioli; it was quite good. The French bread was delicious. We didn't try dessert; I was too full. We waited so long for our meal, I probably ate a loaf's worth of bread! The food is quite good, but the experience could use some improvement. The waiter was very nice and apologetic. Oh, by the way, the dinner will break your bank account too.We hunted for an Italian restaurant and found this one.  With all of the great reviews, we were really looking forward to eating there. Unfortunately, the food did not live up to the reviews.  For a starter, we had the Prosciutto di Parma & Cantaloupe salad. The cantaloupe wasn't ripe (the table next to us had the same issue). For the meal, I had Chicken Parmigiana - the pasta was 'ok', but the chicken had almost no chicken - it seemed to be mostly breading. She had the house special, which was Filet Mignon (with mushrooms and truffle oil) - she asked for Medium, which should have had pink in the center, instead she got medium well.  The worst part was the bill, it was over $125 - which I would have expected a much better meal (and why does yelp only have three dollar signs for this restaurant).I'm pretty amazed. I had never heard of this place when a friend suggested that we get dinner here.
Walking in, the restaurant is small but nice. We were here during the week, so there was no huge crowd and there were a few empty tables. We sat down and the waitress was quick to come over, bring us a bread basket and take our beverage order.
Looking over the menu, everything sounded delicious. I decided to go with the Penne Alla Vodka which is penne pasta, mixed with a delicious cream sauce and huge pieces of crab. It was delicious and creamy and I was delighted that there was plenty of crab. The dish had a lot of flavor and wasn't overly filling.
My only complaint was that service was pretty slow.  Considering it was a week night and there weren't a lot of people in the place, it took a while to get our food. We weren't in a rush, but from the time we sat down until the time we left, two hours had passed. It took about 45 minutes to get our entrees, even though we didn't order anything crazy complicated. It's not the end of the world, but just be aware of this if you are looking to grab dinner and you are on a schedule that you have to keep.
I would return to this cozy little French Quarter restaurant and would recommend it for a date.We recently had dinner here and thought the food (jumbo lump crabmeat salad and pappardelle with truffle cream sauce) was outstanding. However, a huge drawback for us was the INCREDIBLY HIGH NOISE level. We were there on a Friday evening at 7 pm (peak time, I guess) and it was truly impossible to hear my husband speak (and we were seated in a corner). The tables were very close together and there were only hard surfaces in the dining room save for tablecloths so the noise from  diners shrieking and loudly talking reverbated throughout the meal. It was very jarring and we were glad to get out of there.
I would only go back to the Italian Barrel at a very off-peak time/day. There is outdoor seating but when it is 90 degrees on a June evening, it is not very tempting to sit out there.We probably wont want to visit here again. The food is okay and overpriced. The seasoning is mediocre and not surprising. If you are visiting New Orleans for only one time, then other places will be better options.For a night of authentic Italian dining this is your place. Although the tables are a little tight (meaning you hear whatever is going on with the table next to you) the service is excellent and with homemade fresh pasta you can't go wrong. Not a touristy place which for Nola is saying a lot. Appeared to be a lot of locals who go there regularly. The prices are on the high side for Italian but this was is worth it. From the delicious bread to homemade pasta I was in hog heaven. EnjoyAbsolutely delicious with great service.  The food is very fresh and flown in from Europe weekly.  It is very small so dinner reservations are important. The staff is attentive and friendly and the portions are huge.  I love the salad nicoise and their pastas are amazing.  Also recommend the sea bassExcellent experience all around.  We had no idea where we were going to eat and stumbled onto The Italian Barrel.  Despite the strange logo, the charming outward appearance and packed tables convinced us to at least attempt to get a table.  We were told 15 minutes and were seated at the bar within 10.  Our waitress (cute blonde) was totally knowledgable, informative and answered all our questions perfectly.  She was attentive and charming.  Then our food came....a 12oz filet cooked exactly to just beyond medium (as we requested) and a penne pasta with vodka sauce.  Both dishes were eye-rollingly delicious, succulent, rich and generally life-affirming...Highly Recommend The Itialian Barrel...true Northern Italian without being too heavy.  Our new favorite place in all the Quarter.My boyfriend and I had a delicious meal here over the weekend while visiting New Orleans.  I have been to Italy 3 times, so I am always looking for authentic Italian food, and The Italian Barrel definitely fulfilled this requirement of mine. It is a very small restaurant, so even though we had a reservation, we had to wait a little bit for our table to be ready.  However, I will give credit to the restaurant for not charging us for the Cosmopolitan I had while we waited.  Once we were seated, I browsed the menu and knew exactly what I was wanted: the Porcini and Truffle Ravioli.  Truffle is one of my absolute favor flavorings, so I knew I had to try the ravioli.  To start, we shared the trio of polenta, which I greatly enjoyed.  I'm a fan of bleu cheese; however, if you are not, you should know that the Gorgonzola polenta is quite strong.  The bread and olive oil and balsamic vinegar were also tasty to munch on before our entrees arrived.  The ravioli was delicious!  I could tell that the pasta was made fresh, and I was especially pleased that I could really taste the truffle.  My boyfriend had the seafood linguine, and he really enjoyed it.  While enjoying our dinner, I ordered a lemon drop, and our waitress put a hint of Chambord in the bottom of it, which made it even better! I would definitely recommend this restaurant for great Italian food, just be sure to make a reservation.The food was amazing but the service is even better! Leann our server was incredible and I will be back again! Thank you for recommending all the best things!This was the second time we have eaten at the Italian Barrel. We found it on yelp and the food was even better the second time! The chicken parmigiana was delicious and blended well with the side of pasta! The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable about Italian cuisine. We visited during the busy French quarter festival and they went out of the way to make us feel welcomed even though we did not have a reservation. The bartenders make hand made cocktails and are very friendly. You feel like you are among friends!Can't believe I have never been to this restaurant. It was fantastic! The cantaloupe wrapped in proscuitto was delicious as was the special - sea bass on a bed of greens topped with fresh tomatoes. The flavors was off the charts. Wine recommendations by Denis, the great Italian bartender, were spot on. I will definitely be back!Was here on Sunday for dinner... The food is very expensive and ordinary taste...
The penne vodka sauce is way to creamy that it is usually.... 4 of us ordered different pastas.... I would say it wasn't really worth the price! They gave us a free dessert, we ordered tiramisu... That was highly ok too... Wouldn't go back...
I must say our server was very good.Ohhhh boy. I hate to write this but we were so disappointed with this restaurant. I decided on the truffle ravioli before we even got there. My husband decided on the bolognese nocchi. He said the nocchi tasted like soap. The ravioli was not fresh. 
They brought our meals out within 10 min of ordering. Unfortunately, that was a red flag that it was not fresh!! 
We ate it but it wasn't worth the $100 spent. At least the wine was good.My husband and I had an incredible dinner here.  The owner is from Verona in Northern Italy and uses her Italian suppliers to get the most authentic ingredients.  We tried the half cheese platter and bruschetta for appetizers and the there almost as many specials to choose from for dinner as the regular items on the menu.  Great service, wine and ambiance.  I highly recommend it!Great and Cozy little restaurant. Took my girlfriend here on a date and it absolutely has the most romantic atmosphere. Food is a little pricey but worth every penny. Make sure you make a reservation in ahead of time, the restaurant only has about 8 tables and it fills up fast. I will definitely be back.We went there this evening for an early dinner. I had the mixed green salad with blueberry goat cheese, strawberries and balsmic vinegarette. Absolutely amazing.  The Bruschette was super fresh and yummy. Between the four of us, we had the Sea Bass (incredible), the Veal Picatta (you want to lick the plate), and the seafood linguini.  We will be making this a regular stop.  Our server Johnny was very attentive, and hilarious. He even helped defuse my tempermental teenager with a joke. Friendliness and hospitatilty make for a trulu exceptional New Orleans dining experience!Great quaint little restaurant with outdoor seating.  They recently did an expansion which looks great. I highly recommend the sea bass with crabmeat.  It was delicious and worth every penny of the pricey $54 price tag!!My boyfriend and I had been in New Orleans for 9 days and were ready for something different then Creole food.  Not having too many Italian options in the French Quarter, we narrowed it down to this place and took a chance . . .  IT WAS THE BEST DINNER ALL WEEK!!  I was so impressed with this restaurant.  I am fond of small intimate restaurants being from LA and San Fran.  I though the small space was adorable, even if the waiters had to bump into you occasionally.  
Our waitress was adorable and so professional.  I felt like we were at a 5 star establishment.  We had salad, soup, and 2 pasta and they were fantastic.  We were tempted to order even more as we watch others folks food come out, it all looked AMAZING!  
Make reservations!!It was a very tiny restaurant by the corner of a place where the scenery was not very impressive. My friends and I chose this place because it was closer and we were too tired to walk further.
All of the tables inside were reserved, so they literally placed us outside next to a couple of trash bins while there was another spot further away from the trash bins available.
In terms of the food, I have to say that all of my friends and I found it average (I'm really not biased to say so because of the terrible environment. It was average and nothing special about the food) and they didn't match with the price and the tips enforced. I seldom see somewhere enforce tips(30%!!) on your pay check and it was not a pleasant experience.
In sum, personally, my friends and I don't like this place very much. It's the only disappointment to our trip to New Orleans.Must try the imported burrata! Its fantastic. The Chicken Parm was delish as well. Great date night place. A bit pricey - but totes worth it!Went here excited for some good Italian food and was sadly disappointed. Ordered the gnocchi which tasted nothing close to fresh. Usually gnocchi is my favorite dish at Italian restaurants so that kinda ruined my experience. The wine which the waiter recommended was only ok. I still ate it, ok maybe half of it, but I definitely wouldn't come back for more.We wanted to have dinner at a place that was not Bourbon Street "crazy" and that accommodates both a meat/seafood eater and a vegetarian. Italian typically works for us and we found the Italian Barrel on Open Table.
The menu and wine list have a lot of variety and the food and service were outstanding! There were typical choices including a couple of fillet steaks and a thick cut pork chop and a couple of vegetarian past options. The mussels were tender and delicious and the olive sampler was fun! The pasta with a gorgonzola based sauce was incredible. Our wait staff were professional, knowledgable and gave just the right amount of attention.
The restaurant is located near the French market, just a mile from the heart of the French Quarter, it was raining so we took a cab which took 10 minutes with traffic. 
One thing to know is that the inside is tiny, maybe 12 tables so reservations are highly recommended as there was never an open table the entire evening (yet we were not rushed at all!). 
There also are some local music clubs close without the crowds of Bourbon but were busy and festive and fun!
A Wonderful evening!I have been to the Italian Barrel twice and both times I had waitresses that was personable and attentive. I talk to EVERYONE so this is a major plus for me. 
In my dining experiences I have tasted the following: 
Nicoletta (Caprese) salad: A+. 10 out of 10. I plan to get this dish every time I eat at the restaurant. I will ask that they slice the tomato thin. The mozzarella cheese is AWESOME, with a light subtle flavor.
Chef Samantha's Fusilli Pasta: Delicate white cream sauce with peas, shallots and Italian Speck Prosciutto. A-. Maybe a 9 out of 10. If you don't know (like me) the fusilli pasta is the corkscrew pasta. 
Seafood Linguine: Baby Shrimp, Scallops and Jumbo Lump Crabmeat in a seafood infused red sauce tossed with linguine. B/B+. Probably an 8.5 out of 10. This red sauce is not a traditional marinara sauce. The description of "seafood infused" red sauce is an accurate description of what to expect. 
Chilean Sea Bass: A. 9.6 out of 10. I eat a lot of fish and it is hard to dislike this fish. The Italian Barrel prepares/cooks it in a nice manner.
Tiramisu: A-/A. 9.2 out of 10. If you only come here once, then you must try it. The owner's mother makes the tiramisu from scratch. I like it a lot, but I will say there are better desserts (maybe not tiramisu) in the city. 
I must tell you that I do not frequent Italian restaurants a lot, so these reviews are my personal beliefs and will not be accurate to a more experienced palette of the cuisine. I do know I will try the restaurant a 3rd time and hopefully with a larger party to try the various meats and cheese.
I would say overall a 4.4 out of 5 star. It is kind of sad that I gave them a 4.The food was very good, however they came out in small portions and was very over priced for what we got. The reason for 3 stars was due to our server. We were sitting outside and served by a girl who was condescending and made our dining experience unenjoyable. Frankly she just made us feel entirely unwelcome. My friend asked about their white cream sauce and what it tasted like. Her response was "it's a white wine cream sauce so whatever that tastes like." 
The food was delicious but the customer service was disappointing!My husband and I were given a gift  certificate to eat here last Christmas and Wow! It is now one of our 10 favorite restaurants to revisit while hanging out in the Quarter. The service was great. The food was amazing. We are definitely treating a friend, guest or loved one to a meal here this holiday season. You will not be disapppinted!Don't bother... made a reservation there and when we arrived we had a long wait and when we were seated, they sat us at a freaking bar! What?? Was told there was nothing else available and no one would be giving up a table anytime soon. We stayed, only because it was 9 30pm and no other place to go. Long story short, food was WAY over priced and the lasagna was burned on the bottom. Paid high class prices for nasty food and the service sucked! Save your time and money!Finally made it to the Italian Barrel for lunch. I truly enjoyed everything that Nikki recommended and absolutely loved everything. The cheese plate was amazing everything tasted like homemade Italian cuisine. The restaurant is warm and cozy and I will be back soon. This is one of the top 3 restaurants in New Orleans. Definitely recommend the cheese plate :)This is a really cute little place. Definitely make a reservation, especially I'd it is a weekend, because there aren't many tables. You get bread and olive oil with basalmic. We got a salad that was the special, an apple and mixed greens salad with a pesto style dressing...amazing! Our pasta entrees, the penne ala vodka, and Gorgonzola gnocchi were both creamy goodness. The service was great. It may be a little pricey for what you get, but it was good nonetheless.Food was great and service was excellent! This is my first time to New Orleans from Chicago and I'm surprised by the lack of good service most places. Here, we got the quality we were used to at home!This place is highly overpriced and highly overrated. The food had no flavor and for the price you can find a much better Italian place.Nice ambiance.  Small bar with about 10 stools, but works well as an alternative to waiting for a table in this small popular restaurant.  Ambient lighting on spot.  Food excellent and reasonably priced.  Pumpkin ravioli seasoned well, very flavorful.  Veal parmigiana robustly proportioned and perfectly cooked.  Wine selection decent, I ordered by the bottle. Limoncello desert excellent way to cleanse the pallet without being too much.  Off the beaten path. Keeps the tourist quotient in check. If I was a local, I'd probably eat here frequently - like 2x a week.  Myles was a genuinely gracious bartender.Great food, staff and ambiance. Location convenient to shop. Don't pass this restaurant up. Not a place for large parties.Good food, Weird waitress experience... After expending $250 for just two people, we could had done a lot better. our glass of water was never refilled, never offered extra bread or anything. Food was ok (Our Italian hole in the wall does much better), Waitress wasn't good at all. We wanted to share one of the pasta entrees so we asked her if it could come split in two plates, she answer that it would be done for an extra charge, REALLY? A $42 entree and they'll charge you extra for washing one more dish?, she still got my 20% tip but won't  go back with so many great restaurants around.LeeAnne was very friendly and attentive... Great salad of the day along with pasta... Also great location...Small place with some class along with Italian inspired deco and a nice Italian wine list. Prices per bottle are reasonable. The menu is lengthy and tough to choose from if you're not dialed in on a particular direction. Our server(s) let us know there were several option available off the menu. We ordered clams in a white wine and lemon sauce. It was season well and the clams where cooked perfectly. My wife had a spaghetti seafood special. It had additional clams and muscles mixed with shrimp and scallops. She enjoyed the fact it wasn't a cream sauce and not heavy, as other places can be. The pasta was perfectly cooked with a snap! I had a 14oz veal chop cooked with a panko breadcrumb crust. It was cooked nicely and was tender, as veal typically is. It could've used some additional spices but I'm a spice fiend. Dessert was a great chocolate dish with hazelnuts and A fine chocolate dusting. Fresh whipped cream garnish with raspberries. Overall, a fine Italian meal that wasn't over influenced by creole themes. We will be back, for sure.One of the best meals I had in Nola, came in with my lady on a night when I should of made a reservation but the manager Josh took us right in. They had my favorite beer I always get up north and all the food was terrific specially the big ball of mozzarella you can get for an appetizer. Sophia was our waitress and she did a fantastic job waiting on us and making sure we were taken care of. Definitely recommend to anyone.This place has promise, but the wait staff needs some lessons in customer service.  We were not allowed to order anything with ingredients left out...ie, if you're lactose intolerant...you can't order Chicken Parmesan without cheese...you must have the food prepared the way the waitress thinks you should have it.  Most of the people seem very friendly, but if you get the wrong waitress, you are going to dine the way she wants you to dine...no ifs and or buts about it...sort of like the soup nazi on Seinfeld.Great Italian food! It's small ( 7 tables)...so a possible wait is understandable, even with a reservation....can't throw the people out lol....service is outstanding and the food is the best hands down....the filet, muscles, and the chicken Alberto are the best things I've eaten in my life. It's a little pricey, but I'll pay it for top quality. DELICIOUS! I LOVE THIS PLACE!If you love and know italian food then this is the place.  I could have just eaten the clams in  white wine appetizer and bread and I'll just have that and a side of linguine or fettucine the next time I return.  Just the best!  Service and attitude excellent also.Had dinner here with my wife, it was absolutely outstanding.  Wonderful small independent restaurant.  Very good wine list with a big emphasis on Italian wines.  Had penne arrabiatta with sausage, my wife had chicken parm.  My pasta was superb, not too hot, just nicely spicy.  Mussels in white wine sauce as an appetizer were outstanding as well.  Very good service, overall an outstanding evening.  From my perspective a don't miss while in NOLA.I enjoyed one of the best meals of my life here last night.  The restaurant was lovely, menu was varied, service was wonderful.  We had the olives and polenta for starters.  I had the lamb special and gnocchi with the Gorgonzola sauce.  Everything was delightful.  Great food, great dining experience.This restaurant is truly amazing. Tonight I had the veal chop topped with arugula with a 4 potato souffle and Brussel sprouts. This dish was outstanding. Another truly memorable dining experience at this french quarter bistro.We are brooklynite foodies who have eaten and danced our way through many new orleans jazz fests over the years. In thinking about our most recent trip 6 months later and all the restaurants we have eaten at over the years including Emerils, NOLA, cochon, dante's, etc., etc., etc. This one stood out as a favorite and one we will always remember for the food and atmosphere. We will definitely be back. I highly recommend this to anyone visiting NOLA but be prepared to wait a long time for a table if you are going during any of the peak periods (waited 2 hrs even with a reservation).I eaten here many times over the past years and love the food.  Italian cuisine chef/proprietor Samantha Castagnetti needs to be commanding the kitchen to get the best food ( to our knowledge there are other chefs rotating). We ate again the other night  and had the usual excellent food - silky Pumpkin Ravioli and flavorful Seafood Linguini. Unlike other Yelpers we found the service excellent, professional and friendly. 
The reason we are writing again is because we were disconcerted by the new Maitre D', Josh. He was very loud and, since we were seated near his greeting station, we had to actually stop our conversation every time he greeted diners or decided to chat with staff. His friendliness was apparent but needed to be at a much quieter, respectful level.
A gem in the lower Quarter.Rude waitress. Wish I could fix the tip line to zero. She didn't deserve a dime for coming and yelling at us over a tip she didn't even deserve.I was here for a late night Italian dinner during my week long stay in New Orleans. I have to say, this was the best Italian food I have had in a long time!! I got the penne alla vodka which is penne pasta covered in vodka sauce with decadent jumbo lump crabmeat!! I'm a Maryland girl so I know good crabs and this dish was delicious!Came back, with a huge group of friends for a birthday. The birthday girl really loves Italian, and had a super bad week, so we all treated her to a delicious lunch. The staff were great, the food was better than I remembered, and I definitely will recommend this place to my friends and family again. YAY to Italian Barrel!Having never been here before, my fiance decided that this was the place to take me to propose. He was right on the money. It's romantic and dimly lit, quiet, and the food (and wine) is delicious. The waitstaff is more than eager to assist you with your every dining need (as my fiance found out while trying to inconspicuously propose while still sitting at the table, which turned out to be one of the more entertaining parts of the proposal which ended up becoming a dinner-long conversation/question). My only complaint is that I am on the Paleo diet, so I was limited in choices. The prosciutto di parma salad was very good, though.I have to downgrade this place for bitter tasting olive oil dipping sauce and mass produced bread.  If you're charging $50/entree you can at least make sure the olive oil balsamic is acceptable.  I used to think all the restaurants in New Orleans were great but tonight's dinner was under-whelming.  Sever, Aurora, was great.  Entree, Sea Bass, equally fine, but $240 for 2 people needs to be a great experience, and run of the mill bread with poor dipping sauce is not great.Good wine. Subpar food for the prices. In my opinion,  not worth the quality of food. Well we didn't even get utensils until after we sat down for about 20 minutes and our apps had arrived. I ordered chicken Parmesan for lunch and opted to change the cheese to mozzarella and was charged six dollars for ONE SLICE of mozzarella . It took the entree over an hour to come out, as our neighbors who sat down about 40 minutes after us received their entree the same as us. Not the greatest place but the area and ambience is decent.With all of the places to eat in New Orleans I am going here two nights in a row.  Absolutely delicious.  EnjoyWe walked in at about 8:45 without a reservation. The host duo was obviously stressed since the place was packed, but they were very nice and got us a table within 20 minutes. 
It's a nicer place compared to the very casual places on Bourbon street and several of the other places we passed. 
Of my party of three, only two of us were eating, and we weren't super hungry. My friend had the mussels and I had the Ahi tuna salad. Both were about $20. Both were very delicious! The Ahi tuna salad had a little mango and a house citrus balsamic that really made the field greens taste amazing. It also had a half-avocado on the side of it. I liked this since I'm not really into avocados but it felt amazingly healthy to eat after all the fried food we ate the day before. 
The mussels were very good. The sauce was great and they were perfectly cooked, not rubbery or gritty. 
The staff was fine. They were polite and helpful, nothing awful like some of the reviews. I mean, it's a busy place with a lot of people wanting to get in, and I think they did a great job letting you know not to take forever without actually saying it. That being said, we didn't feel rushed at all, and we didn't wait that long for our food. Maybe 10 minutes from when we ordered. We didn't order classic entrees though, so maybe think about that if you aren't me pressed for time.It was dinner for one.  I was given a lovely table near the sidewalk window.
The lemon piccata with pasta was absolutely the best I had ever had.  The chicken was perfectly Pounded.  Breading, butter and lemon delicious.  The pasta was in a savory lemon sauce.  The meal was accompanied by 1/2 a butternut squash that had been baked with olive oil and butter.  A delicate spoon, invitingly rested upon the meat of the squash.
More than once, I got the server's attention just to tell her how delicious this meal was.
Next trip... Heading to the Italian Barrel.I called Italian Barrel the day before needing a reservation and they were so accommodating throughout the whole process. I called about 10 times a day changing the amount of people coming with me. And I called again 10 minutes before my actual reservation saying I needed to add an extra person and they gladly helped me. A+ for customer service!
Small, intimate place. Got pretty hot in here though. 
Penne alla vodka - my go to every time I come. It is sooooo delicious. Perfect amount of creaminess and richness and so much crabmeat. They definitely aren't skimpy with the crabmeat. 
Lasagna - I only had a few bites of this dish, but it was good as well. My friends really enjoyed it and finished every bite of it. 
Fire roasted ravioli - pasta was fresh. Flavor was great. 
Veal parmigiana - the veal was perfect. Didn't even really eat the linguine that came with it, but it was cooked al dente. 
I usually get the bruschetta as well, but didn't this time. But it's always amazing and I highly recommend it.Excellent food & a wonderfully intimate atmosphere. NOLA is known for great cuisine, and don't miss the Italian part.This is indeed a quaint little restaurant.  Service is slow, but our 2 servers (the one assigned to us and the one we adopted -- ) had fantastic personalities and were very attentive.  Both were tipped well.
Unfortunately, the food was not up to par.  At all.  I had the osso buco served on polenta, and it was devoid of any flavor.  When I told the server about the lack of seasoning, she incorrectly assumed that I meant that the dish wasn't spicy.  That wasn't what I meant at all.  The meat wasn't browned before it was braised, but, okay, that in itself didn't ruin the dish.  It was the lack of even basic seasonings, and I'm talking salt and pepper, that ruined the dish.  Other than enjoying a bit of marrow, it was not enjoyable at all.   The server told me that the lack of seasoning was because the chef cooked in the style of Northern Italy.  I stated that salt and pepper were pretty basic things used universally all over the world.  The server told me that she never saw any pepper at all when she visited Italy.  I just dropped it.
The chef did send us complimentary tiramisu and an espresso, which were done well, and the cheese plate for a starter was also very nice.
The ambience was nice, and I'll go back one more time before writing this one off, but I'll have the pasta/Food:  Memorable considering I also recently had dinner at Lincoln Ristorante in Lincoln Center- which was not memorable.
Ambience:  Sat outside after drinks at the Spotted Cat...awesome.  Inside looked tight but great feel.
Service:  Adequate.Just a delight. We stopped here for a very late lunch around 4pm. The decor is upscale casual with white table cloths and antiques in a sunny old room. Our server, Jackie, was perfectly attentive. The food was fresh, well prepared, delicious. Prices seemed reasonable.  Couldn't ask for more.Everything we had was tasty.   Lasgane was fabulous. The chefs special pasta was incredible.  The raviolis were fantastic and chicken parm outstanding.  And the waitress Juamays service was as pretty as her name.My husband and I always eat at the Italian Barrel when we're in town, generally several times each visit. It's a nice break from the other fare in the quarter. I'm from Europe (Sweden and Switzerland) and I find it's hard to find really authentic Italian cuisine in the US. This is the real deal! The flavors are amazing. Simple, fresh ingredients is what sets them apart. We usually come here for lunch or early dinner and have had great and friendly service each time. I highly recommend ordering the cheese and/or charcuterie platters - very authentic and delicious. The pasta is amazing. Compared to other fine restaurants in the quarter the prices are standard and well worth it.Excellent food and Chris did a wonderful job servicing our table. The atmosphere was wonderful, table seemed small for three of us, however Chris made sure he cleaned off old plates to bring on the new!We liked this place, but found it to be a little cramped. The food was good, but not the best. It is a nice little place to go for a date but I wouldn't bring a big party.Okay. The food was good BUT service and experience was abysmal tonight: We brought our friends here for his birthday after having a good lunch experience in February. Not so much tonight. Very slow, horrible seating arrangement (which was solved after we suggested we physically relocate the table to prevent multiple collisions that occurred with people walking by. Embarrassing for us as we'd recommended this place and a nasty surprise all the way around.Best sit down dinner I had in NOLA.
Just yelped Italian and found the Italian Barrel.
They were booked solid but had 2 chairs at the bar holding for us.
Got there on time and just our luck, someone cancelled their reservation and we got a table right away!
Yum yum yum
Everything was so tasty - even the bread.
Toasted on a panini maker was great.
Husband had Chicken Parm - fresh, juicy and  tasty.  He inhaled it.
I had the ravioli with the truffle cream sauce and the sprouts.
MMMMMmmmmm
Great little romantic spot just beyond the French Market.
Wish I had this place in my neck of the woodsThe second best veal chop that I ever had was here. Their truffle ravioli is probably the best that I ever had. The chicken parmagena was burnt, but they made it up to us. Service is a B-. The server needs to know his stuff better, be more polished and attentive. The AC was down this evening. It was hot inside. Still, I'd come back.We didn't have a reservation so they made us wait an hour even though there were empty tables. When we got seated, the bread was good but the oil tasted weird. We got bruschetta to start and that was good. I got the gnocchi and wasn't crazy about it. I kind of got grossed out because this caterpillar type bug appeared on the table as soon as our food came and we think it came from the kitchen with the food. We didn't order dessert because the food was just eh. Probably won't be back.I love this place, and usually go every time I am in NOLA.  RESERVATIONS STRONGLY RECOMMENDED!!  Wonderful authentic Italian food.  Pasta always al dente.  The Bruschetta is almost a meal in itself, and is delicious.  Everything I have had on the menu delivers, and I have tried many items over the years.  Service is good, though they get busy on weekends and festivals, so do not expect an in-and-out meal.  Outside seating is limited and on the sidewalk (which we love), so just be aware.We were recommended The Italian Barrel by the bartender at our hotel as we asked for a great italian restaurant in NOLA. We went for the anniversary of my parents who traveled to New Orleans with my husband and me. It was so fantastic! It was also very very tiny. We had a reservation, thankfully, because we took the last table of the 6-7 total tables in there. There were about 6 seats at the bar to dine at as well. I liked the small area. It felt very homey and all the staff was able to give such personable attention to each of us guests. Our waitress (I cannot remember her name sorry) was outstanding! She was so adorable. She was from Naples Italy, and had recently moved to NO for schooling and was working as a waitress to pay the bills. Now that I've rated my opinion on ambiance and staff, I think I should get to the food. The reason we were there! Most notably was our appetizer, my dads pasta, and my fish dish. Everything we ate was terrific, don't get me wrong but I will stick with top 3 of the night. 3) Insalata Di Mare appetizer. Very typical appetizer of chilled mixed seafood in lemon juice and olive oil. But, it was so well prepared. I normally do not like octopus. I have never had it and it doesn't feel like I'm chewing on a rubber band. Not this time! All the seafood was so delicious and so simply done. Not overworked. Not overcooked. 2) Chilean Sea Bass. I ordered this because Sea Bass is definitely my favorite fish so I order it at every restaurant it's on the menu. This did not disappoint. It was so perfectly cooked and moist with a nice thick salty crust. It was also the biggest piece of Sea Bass I have ever been served. The menu said 10 oz but that baby was 3 inches thick! Superb! And now for number 1) Penne Alla Vodka. Beware! This is so rich and delicious, it will give you gout! This is no  joke! My poor dad, who suffers from gout, ordered this dish. When he took the first bite, his face turned to pure pleasure and he immediately made us all try a bite. He said it was the best thing he has ever eaten in his entire life. He couldn't stop until every last drop was gone. Even though he knew there would be consequences. And there was. After 3 days of overindulging and drinking and such, this dish put him over the edge. Poor guy. I don't blame him. If it would've been my plate, I would've eaten it all too. The sauce was so creamy and rich. Cream/butter = delicious. And there was such an abundance of crab as well. You just can't beat the taste of the fresh seafood down there!Had our anniversary dinner there last Monday night.  Unbelievable!  Great staff and ambience.  Food was prepared to perfection.  My wife is Sicilian and not easily impressed when it comes to Italian joints.  She loved the lasagne. Far exceeded our expectations and lived up to all the positive reviews.   Nice wine list and reasonably priced.  Room is small but that adds to the character.  Definitely will be back.New Orleans is full of great food, but also in a time full of imposters and corner cutting. Italian Barrel is NOT this. A friend of mine told me years ago this is the best Italian in the city and although I've been before I realized last night she maybe right.  Fresh, quality ingredients, interesting wine list, and knowledgeable () staff come together to remind me of what restaurants use to be in New Orleans. 
Thank you Italian Barrel and chef Sam for keeping it real!Service was poor.
Charged us for the wrong bottle of wine. They always overbook so be prepared to wait. We had to wait outside while it was raining for 50 mins! and we actually showed up 5 mins before our scheduled reservation!I've been here a few times, but one experience stands out -  Christmas Eve. I waited too long to make a reservation; church was at 11pm and the family wanted a late dinner before church. Nobody had room, but whalla, they had a table for us five at 9pm.  We got there late, having got stuck in river parish traffic seeing the bonfires on the levee. We arrived at 9:15, but sadly out table wasn't ready. No worries, the management treated us to wine (sorry, kids) and we waited patiently. We didn't get a table until 9:45; but hey, it's Xmas eve and we're the caboose for the day. They promised us that we wouldn't be late for church and they delivered both on time and on the food. Have to say, the gnocchi was to die for. Solid old-italian dishes (the chef is from italy) - real stuff, not the crap was think is Italian. Fantastic wine, fantastic food, fantastic dessert and even more fantastic service. This is in my top-five in New Orleans and I'm a picky local foodie. I'll be back.  This Friday.Delicious-- everything from the salads-main course and to finish it off the dessert- Chocolate Salami!Chose this place after wanting to try the best Italian the city had to offer. When we arrived we order the bruschetta, which was absolutely amazing. The tomatoes were fresh, the Parmesan cheese grated off the block. Simply outstanding. We both decided on the lasagna and to our disappointment wasnt ready at lunch time, was being made. I think if you can't offer it consistently everyday for lunch then take it off lunch menu. Its what the restaurant is constantly praised for in its reviews and just poor planning didn't allow us to try it. I decided on the gnocchi, my husband the linguine with meat sauce, both spectacular. There bread is outstanding, crisply outside, soft inside and brought to the table warm. You could tell its made or brought in daily. Dessert the truffle cup was simply ok and very overpriced for what you get. Not a cheap place but good Italian food.This was my best meal in the French Quarter. It's a very small and cramped restaurant and when we went in, they only had a couple seats at the bar, which is where we sat. The service was fantastic. I ordered the pumpkin ravioli in a sage butter and my boyfriend ordered some fire roasted ravioli.  Mine was perfect. Very rarely do I eat a meal where I don't feel the need to add SOMETHING: salt, crushed red pepper, parmesan cheese, but this was amazing and adding anything would have taken away from the perfect harmony of flavors. They refilled our bread basket 2 extra times. even though we were stuffed, their dessert menu kind of forced us into getting dessert. We ordered the chocolate salami which sounds weird and has nothing to do with salami. It was delicious. I highly recommend a trip here on your visit to the French quarter. You might want to make a reservation.I truly enjoyed my dining experience here while visiting NOLA. The restaurant is super quaint and romantic. I found out it use to be half the size as well which is hard to believe. The service was fantastic and very attentive. Great vibe in this restaurant. Make sure you have a reservation! 
Here is the order breakdown:
Must order: 
The Bruschetta blew me away- super simple but yet the best I've ever had!   Char toasted fresh bread with grilled cherry tomatoes and basil w/ olive oil...YUM! 
Charcuterie and cheese platter was so enjoyable & grand! Big thick pieces of cheese (truffle one by far is the best) and honey spreads along with an array of cold meats. Way better portions that what LA serves up. 
We started with a fresh Bresalo salad and main course was the Porcini & Truffle Ravioli- this homemade pasta was just outstanding! Taking your first bite into the ravioli was mind blowing. 
I would love to come back here for many reasons- great service, authentic Italian food with soul, and maybe just for the BRUSCHETTA!the finest meat and cheese board in the city. just all around great food and wine.Every time we come to New Orleans, we go to the Italian Barrel. It is delicious! My husband and I are both vegetarians, so New Orleans can be a really tricky place to eat. Italian Barrel has lots of options for us always, and they are always great. 
The service is usually pretty good. In the past, we have had one server who has had a bit of an attitude, but we didn't see him when we were there last week, so I'm not sure whether he is still around or not. The other servers are terrific and very attentive.
The chocolate salami is perfect for dessert!If you are looking for a break in traditional New Orleans cuisine, you have to make a stop at The Italian Barrel.  It's located down the street from the end of the Market.  It's a tiny place with a large refrigerated display of imported cheeses.  I was so impressed with their menu selection.
Our waiter was very pleasant and told us a great deal about this business.  One, that the owner is from Italy; two, that ALL of the cheeses are imported and fresh; three, the menu is authentic.
Although tempted to get pasta, I actually ordered a sandwich (lunch special).  This thing was humongous; but more importantly, delicious.  It was so fresh (the meats, cheeses, sauce).  I truly felt like I was back in Italy eating at a Trattoria.
We ate at the table; however, they have a tiny bar that one could eat/drink at for a quick bite or to quench the thirst.
My overall experience was pleasant and I was happy that we tried a place that didn't cater to the NO taste buds.  The Italian Barrel is authentic and a place I will return to again.Wonderful meal. We were a party of four and all ordered something different.  Everyone was pleased. The veal chop special was outstanding. The porcini ravioli was very good. We also had a very good cheese tray with honey. Our server Leeann was excellent. We will be back.Years ago this was an adorable little place with exceptional food and wine. It is much larger and busier now, and the menu is less inventive. However, they do a good, solid job with quality Italian food. The service is slow, but they are friendly. Overall a nice time and fairly priced for the experience.Ok, we have been going to Italian Barrel since they had only 6 tables in the whole restaurant. We normally come to NOLA during the hot months of June. We LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. Their food is amazing and I wish that I could go into detail about all their different entrees but I'm a creature of habit and love their Filet with the dolce gorgonzola. I get the carpese salad too. I was just looking through the comments to see how it's doing since it has been 3 years since we last visited. I knew they expanded into the building next to them, they were working on the building when we visited last and I couldn't wait to return to see the finished restaurant. I read reviews talking about how hot it was in the restaurant and I (as a southerner who lives on the gulf coast) thought, "These must be people that are just not used to the summer months in NOLA." Cause it gets HOT. We arrived tonight and everything, the drinks, the cocktails, the waitstaff, the food, the atmosphere... everything was AMAZING as usual! However, it was so hot in there that I could barely stand it. My glass of ice water (the ice was to the very top) was completely melted by the time my entree arrived. That's how hot it was inside. At the beginning, I mentioned how hot it was inside to our amazing waitress and she mentioned how the building is old and drafty and it was a hot day and how their AC was in overdrive. I quietly thought to myself. But this was the same old building, with the same kitchen in the back and same everything. It's just more than twice the size now. But it wasn't hot in your restaurant before! I looked up, and traced the air conditioning vent back to their origin on the ceiling, and there was only one long vent for the whole front of house. That means that the original vent system was expanded from the origin. After seeing that, I instantly knew what the problem might be. They are using their old AC to cool more than double the area that the AC did before. And that is just not possible. It's not a big enough unit to cool more than double the square footage it was cooling before. And if you are running it, it must be running full time and break from overuse. So, Italian Barrel, I understand that big commercial AC units are expensive, and I truly empathize, but y'all have got to upgrade to a MUCH higher BTU AC unit to cool your restaurant. Our whole dinner, despite everything being top notch, was impossible to fully enjoy due to the extremely hot front of house. I gave 4 stars because we love y'all and hope you listen to your reviewers about the temperature and fix the AC issue. Thank you!Had dinner last week.  We had a reservation so no wait.  Service was fine.  Food was very good.  The cold sea food salad was outstanding - baby octopus, clams, shrimp, calamari all tender and properly cooked.  The small was a good portion to share.  Best thing we had.  
We had a prosciutto salad that was more prosciutto than salad that was also good.
I was very disappointed that they ran out of the Ossobuco (our reservation was at 9pm) because I love a good shank but the veal porcini was also good.  We share everything and they split the plate for us which is always nice.OMG! We walked 20 minutes and crossed the Mardi Gras parade (TWICE!!!) to find this place and it was WORTH IT!! Freakin' amazing "lick the plate" good. And I use to live in NYC- the food mecca. Highly recommend making reservations since the space is cozy. I prefer sitting at the bar and people watching with my delicious meal.Checked this place out because irene's was closed on Sunday's. We didn't make reservations, and went in around 745. They couldn't seat us until 8:30. This place is small, and smells absolutely delicious. Get the bruschetta appetizer if you like bruschetta-it was some of the best I've had. Our meals were also not a disappointment. The service was great, also.Sweet spot, especially on a nice day when you can dine outside and people watch. Our server was very warm and friendly. Seafood salad and porcini and truffle ravioli were delicious. The place is tiny and can get really packed, I recommend going during the off hours (mid afternoon) so you can relax and your server can be attentive.Visiting NOLA from Chicago, the atmosphere and service were amazing. Everyone was attentive and knowledgable. We both had pasta, I usually like to order a nice fish but there was only one option on the menu, sea bass @ $49. Interesting enough the waiters said sea bass was also the special prepared the exact same way, you guessed it $49. To me a special should not also reside on the menu. My wife had the gnocchi and I had the penne with crab meat. Both were fine but not the 'wow' we were hoping for. We did have the special salad and it was fabulous. For the price of the restaurant, 3.5* is my recommendation, but 4* on Yelp it is.This was probably the most amazing meal I have ever eaten. You should not tell your friends about The Italian Barrel because then it will be too popular and it will be even harder to get a table.  Let me just start of with the fact that this place is very small and very romantic, so if you want to go on a date to impress, this is the place to go. Everything I ate that night was so fresh and beautiful, I think I may be ruined for life as far as what I will expect when dine at other places of its stature.  We started off the night with some bread and oil with a glass of wine. The bread was so soft and warm and perfect for soaking up the oil in the little air pockets, I knew with that basket of warm bread I was in for a treat for the rest of the night. Our server for the night was this cute little perky gal who gave us the low-down on the specials for the night and her descriptions of everything were so thorough, she had me salivating mid way through.  We decided on the appetizer special which was figs and prosciutto on a bed of greens. OMG, right? I think they found my weakness, that is one of my favorite food combinations. I also had the soup which was a cold creole tomato basil soup with crab meat in it, perfect on a hot summer night. As my entree I got Chef Samantha's Fusilli Pasta, which was in a creamy sauce with green peas and prosciutto. YUM!!! My boyfriend got the special Veal chop which was stuffed with cheese and had some sauteed fresh veggies on the side, he also got a side of pasta with marinara sauce. That veal was like buttah!! Oh man, I have a new favorite restaurant in this city. I can't wait to go back. We are toying with the idea of going just for the $45 cheese plate and wine. I am so ready for that!Don't let the name or the silly icon on the logo fool you into thinking this isn't a seriously delicious Italian restaurant. My husband and I made reservations here (if you are going for dinner, you NEED reservations as the indoor seating is very small) and loved every second of our dining experience. The service, appetizer, wine, and two entrees were all great! I strongly recommend the porcini and truffle ravioli. The prices are very reasonable. The food here definitely reminded my husband and I of being back in Italy!Perhaps the best Italian meal I have ever had. Everything was superb from the pasta with tomato and fresh mozzarella, Caprese salad , fresh clams, veal chop, osso buco, and the tantalizing desserts. Great wine list and excellent, knowledgeable service. Don't miss this charming, romantic place.The pasta was freshly made, and the tomato salad would feed a village.  The shrimp was the best I've had this side of the Atlantic.  The service was attentive and friendly.  Reservations should be made, because there are few tables.  We had no problem getting same day reservations, however, because we went at the unfashionable hour of 5:30.This is one spot I always go to when visiting New Orleans. The atmosphere is quaint and cozy..great for a date night or quiet dinner with family or friends. It's a small house with a fine dining attitude..the service always great. Food amazing...best part you can really enjoy your time with the people your with..without tons of tv's in your face like every other restaurant these days. Tv's really kill the vibe in a restaurant..this is a great choice if your in New Orleans...you won't be disappointed.Maybe this isn't a fair review since I got it from Uber eats. Food showed up hot. But thought this was Northern Italian food?  I ordered the porcini and mushroom ravioli and all I could taste was garlic. Also ordered the veal porcini and it was so garlic'd up I was done after 3 bites. The sauted Brussel sprouts and pancetta was really good though.
Update 12 hours later. I read the heavy truffle sauce as garlic. I imagine it coming straight out of the kitchen at the restaurant would have been delightful, but it doesn't travel well.Fantastic meal. Favorite one was lump crabmeat salad and the dish that has their homemade sausage.After going to a highly reviewed steakhouse the night before and finding it mediocre at best, the Italian Barrel blew us away! From the moment we got there,  the smells and the ambiance were just what we were looking for. The manager Blair gave us a romantic little table by the window and we were greeted by our waiter Chino who made us feel at home.  We are big foodies and I've worked in the hospitality industry for years, so service and great food is what we appreciate most and these guys nailed it!!  We had the meat and cheese board that had a truffle honey and onion jam that was just amazing! We ordered the lasagne and mushroom truffle raviolis and they tasted so authentic and fresh, we purposely ate slow to savory every bite! If you need a date night spot or just a great meal among friends, but want to stay close to the quarter look no further! There are many reasons this place proudly displays so many awards on their walls, so do yourself a favor and go find out for yourself!Excellent Italian!! (Traditional and not American recipe at all). Pasta sauce was very good and fine (truffle pasta, tomato fired ravioli, asparagus fettuccini) . Wine good served in the right quantity. Good dessert (chocolate mousse, copa macarpone)Such a great place! Nice ambience, service, and food of course. Shout out to Jason aka Chino for his mad bartending skills and awesome personality. If you're looking for good Italian food and cocktails in the French quarter, this is your spot.Staff was friendly, knowledgeable and exceeded expectations.  The food was delicous.  Atmosphere perfect.  Had an absolutely fabulous night!Not sure why this place doesn't have higher reviews.  Small romantic place that doesn't require pants and dresses.  My wife had Chilean sea bass and it was awesome.   I had the filet with Gorgonzola sauce.  I never thought I would come to NO and have one of the best steaks ever!  Johnny was a great waiter that help us select exactly want we were going to enjoy. He was dead on!  Great place!It was just okay. We were looking for something different after nearly a week of cajun and seafood. Definitely overpriced $12 salad. The dressing was delicious but it was the size of a little side salad.  Lasagna was served in a tiny cast iron pot.  I found it odd, as well as extremely light on noodles and absent of the meat sauce the menu promised.Excellent experience.  When we arrived, they said they were behind on reservations and only had street side available.  Perfect!  That's actually what we wanted anyway & we loved the street side ambiance.  
Had the fire-roasted ravioli and seafood linguini.  Absolutely delicious and perfect portion sizes.  Highly recommended!This was the best meal that we had here in New Orleans.  When an Italian restaurant makes a filet the way they did I want more.  
Tremendous service as well Johnny B was unbelievable and fun to as a waiter.  
I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone that reads this.Went here for Valentine's Day dinner on Friday night.   We made reservations earlier that week so the only table available was at 10pm.   No big deal, we just made sure to have a late lunch and we'd heard such great things about the restaurant we had to go!   
Upon our arrival (we made sure to show up a little early) we were informed that our table would not be ready for 45 minutes?  Once again no big deal .   We walked over to The Abbey and had a couple drinks.  We returned after about 50 minutes and were told our wait shouldn't be much longer.   We weren't sat until 11:05!  
Fortunately we were in a great mood and were only slightly disapointed by this delay.   Our waiter eventually showed up, a little drunk but in a friendly mood.  He took our order and returned w some excellent bread.  Piping hot and delicious.  We had ordered very basic dishes and a side order of roasted Brussels Sprouts....we wanted to see how their lasagna and chicken pram stacked up to other area italian joints in the area.
Our food came out in a perfect amount of time.   Not too fast and we didn't feel like we'd waited too long.   Both dishes were among the best we had ever tasted!  Our server was m.i.a. For most of the night and we never got our Brussels Sprouts or any additional bread we had asked for to dip in the sauces.   We also would've ordered wine with our app and probably more w our entrees.....but the waiter never offered and we never got our app with which to order wine.   
So the good news is that our check was tiny....we would've loved to spend more time and money on a special night.    Even better was the food.   Not the best, but the italian cuisine in New Orleans isn't exactly tough competition.    Don't know if I'd return.  Maybe for drinks and appetizers at a much earlier time of night.  The service was pretty horrible but we expected as much from many reviews we had read.  
Over all, the food was 4 star quality ,  the service was 2 star .....so 3 stars seems fair.   Good luck Italian Barrel.We did not have reservations and no problem.  Just the right amount of attention from Chris, the waiter, and food was excellent. When you make your own pasta you have high expectations, but the pasta really is pretty easy. Making scallops that make you want to came back?  Not so easy, and they were perfect.This place was absolutely amazing the food was so authentic and fresh. I had lasagna and the ricotta cheese literally melt in your mouth.  Service was wonderful. Can't wait to return again.We were in Jackson Square and the Gold Dude that stands on the streets in a pose was on a break. He recommeded the Italian Barrel. So we all voted and figured the Gold Dude to be a reliable soure and set off on our trek. We arrived hungry after about 8 blocks of walking.
Here are the negatives first: Sure was hard to find the front door. Walked around looking stupid but finally someone pointed to where the door was. Please mark the location of the door. 
Did not know you needed a resevation, but very kind and sat us outside along Decatur St. This was pretty cool and it was a nice night outside, not our typical N.O. hot, sweltering night, also a lot of fun the wath people try to finfd the door.
 That starts the positive. GREAT, GREAT Sever. She knew all the dishes, gave great recommendations and kept up with us all thru the meal. Rarely do I give 20% but she was well worth it. 
Food was good and well made as you could tell by taste and presentation this was an Chef run kitchen and made with pride. I had the Veal Parmesian. Hot, Excellent not over cooked and very well presented. All the rest of my tabel had diffrent fare and it was all good to great. 
Sitting outside in New Orleans in it self is a treat.
The inside, however looked very cozy and romantic. Would love to bring my wife back. 
Did not have the wine but wine list is extensive.
Anyway, if you want italian in New Orleans, Get a reservation and listen the the Gold Dude and me. Go to the Italian Barrel.I wish I could give this place 10 stars. My fiancee and I ate here for Valentine's day and it is the best Italian food I have ever had in Louisiana. I've been here for 12 years. Searching. Waiting. Hoping to find this restaurant. Seriously, go and eat here. Okay, now the food:
For the first course we had meatballs and the bruschetta. The meatballs were great. They were so tender and tasty! There were two anf they were about 3-4 inches in diameter. Our waitress told us this recipe is the chef's secret recipe and that she gives it out to no one! Definitely worth a try if you are debating items for appetizers.
We also ordered the bruschetta. This was my fiancee' s favorite. It was indeed very tasty. The bread wasn't too crunch or chewy. It was perfectly biteable. 
I ordered the procini and truffle ravioli and now all I want to eat for the rest of my life is that. If you like the truffles then definitely order this. You will not be disappointed. It's a good size order of about 8-9 large raviolis. 
My fiancee had the porcini veal. It was also very good. Tender vender and breaded appropriately. 
He had the chocolate gelato and I had the profieroles but really how can you ever go wrong with any of their desserts? They all looked great! 
Tl;Dr go here! If you want amazing Italian food.This restaurant was by far the best place my girlfriend and I experienced while visiting New Orleans.
I made reservations over the phone with the host Josh and he was easy to talk to and set the plans. We were running a little late and when I called to let him know, he reassured me that he would hold our table which was great!
Once we arrived it was a little hard to find the correct door but once we walked in we were happy with the ambiance and romantic atmosphere of the restaurant.
It was nice, small and intimate and we loved it.
Josh led us to our newly set table and our waitress Leanne greeted us warmly and bought over some hot and fresh baked bread.
She than offered us the drink menu which had a lot of options.
My girlfriend went with the Lemond drop off the liquor list and I tried it and it tasted pretty good.
Now as far as the food: IT WAS INCREDIBLE
My girlfriend ordered the fettuccine creme w/o the ham and it was delicious.
I ordered the Penne Alla Vodka which came with a lot of crab meat. I was skeptical about having it with crab meat since I was used to shrimp or chicken coming with it but this was the BEST I EVER HAD hands down.
Each bite I swear to you was heaven!
If you have a taste for pasta please come to this restaurant and order this meal, you won't regret it.
What made the evening even more special was that when our waitress caught wind it was my birthday they placed a birthday candle in my dessert and Josh(an opera singer) sang a traditional Italian birthday song to me. This took my night to another level.
When I come back to New Orleans I will make it my job to eat here again!
Excellent restaurant! Excellent food! Excellent service! If I could give more stars I would!!I am a fairly tough Italian food judge and after ranting about a lack of honest to goodness Italian homemade pasta in this city, my boyfriend took me to Italian Barrel to prove me wrong, and he did! 
This restaurant is charming and intimate and very romantic.  Our server, Dennis, was beyond charming and happily told me exactly what to get after waffling about choices for every course.  
What we ordered (I can't remember the names exactly so I'll give you the gist): the bruschetta and the caprese salad. Both totally spot on and insanely delicious.  I plan to come back just to order these at the bar with wine.  Entrees: we did the penne al vodka with crab and the chef Samantha fusilli.  Both were excellent (I preferred the chef Samantha myself).  For dessert (which I was really too full to eat, but did anyway), we got the limoncello one and it shocked me at how good, refreshing, and perfectly tangy it was! 
Overall an amazing evening that proved me wrong about the pasta in our gorgeous city :)
(Also we went there for Pause for Paws, the LA SPCA fundraiser, so way to be delicious and philanthropic Italian Barrel!)I loved this meal.  wow
of course we over ordered on the food, and the portions?  yeah  BIG.   
brushetta...  wow huge appetizer and super fresh tomatoes.   I think our server was "savannah"?   she was so wonderful and knew her menu.  knew her wines.
we had the olive sampler, I had fettucini crema.  wow.  made my week.   lots of red wine, table of 8 and not one thing was a miss.  we all shared.   I loved all the fresh tomatoes, and the big ball of fresh mozzarella.   wow.  who knew so many tomatoes could be served at a table and we all were drooling.   LOL
dessert too.  sat on the sidewalk, and enjoyed every minute of the experience.    inside its quite lovely, but again, thank you for the half hour notice we gave you for a reservation, and then making it happen for us.
cheers.My wife and I strolled down to the Quarter for a date night and thoroughly enjoyed the experience at this restaurant. 
It had a intimate ambiance with the lighting and music, great for a date night. But also felt very open with all the windows to see the pedestrians strolling around the Quarter. It's also one of the rare places where there is a low noise level, for NOLA. The Italian Barrel's service was outstanding! Very friendly and offered great recommendations. I had the seafood linguine...fresh and delicious! The linguine was perfectly cooked and the sauce really enhanced the ALL the seafood (crab, scallops, and shrimps). 
My wife and I shared a dessert that consisted of lemon gelato with a limoncello heart, loved it. 
I'll be back to try those pumpkin raviolis.THE best traditional Italian in the city. The service is spot-on and extremely attentive for a small & cozy restaurant tucked away on the back end of the French Quarter. The fresh seafood salad is fresh and a winner. The cheese board even has character & the fresh homemade pastas are why this place is true and authentic. 
It's one of my "go to" joints.I was so excited to locate this Italian Restaurant in the Quarter. Not a typical fast food Italian joint. Wonderful quality and service. The Osso Bucco is out of this world. Carpaccio blew my socks off.
However, I know my Italiano food and the mozzarella in salad is not fresh. My server informed me it would be fresh.
Great ambiance here!
Try dessert!Great ambiance, authentic Italian dishes and great friendly staff. Ours was on visa from Italy and was very kind and helpful. If visiting at dusk cover up if the mosquito like you, but that's local knowledge in nawlins!Don't forget to get your reservations if you come on a busy night and it tends to be on the more pricey side.
The food is delicious and their bread is amazing.
We ordered the shrimp scampi, the crab meat penne with white sauce and lasagne. Both the scampi and the penne was lacking salt. The lasagne was amazing.
Over all the restaurant is beautiful with amazing ambiance.Delicious Italian food skimpy portions, not famiglia style, poor service (asked for my salad three times and it came after I had almost finished dinner - wt). Nice small place so quiet and you can have a conversation without shouting or just enjoy a meal in peace and quiet - often hard to do in the FQ. Wine list seemed very good. Serious points off for ditzy waitress who couldn't even get  a salad to my table despite promising three times despite there were only four tables of people.Possibly the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. The service was super slow, starting with a 20 minute wait with a reservation. After a hour, the place filled with smoke that burned my eyes. To top it all off, something in my girlfriend's food gave her a violent allergic reaction that she's never had before.
Given the other yelp reviews, maybe I was just there on their worst night. But I can't recommend this place to anyone based on my experience.Delicious Italian food, maybe the best in New Orleans.  Pricey but portion sizes are so large that I had to take some home.  Service was superb as well.  This is a great place to take a date :)My husband and I chose to eat at The Italian Barrel our last night in NOLA. It was right around the corner from our hotel and they were the only restaurant in the area that served profiteroles...and I wanted profiteroles!
We called a bit too late to confirm a reservation inside, so I don't have much to say regarding decor, ambiance, etc. We sat at a small table on the sidewalk which provided some nice city views but didn't lend itself to the best of service. Our waiter was serving tables both indoors and out and appeared to be stretched a little thin. 
We ordered cocktails which arrived promptly along with warm bread and olive oil with balsamic. For an entree I chose the porcini and black truffle ravioli in white wine sauce. It was simple but incredibly flavorful. My husband ordered the fire roasted four cheese ravioli. Although it appears rather basic the sauce was AMAZING. Very, very fresh. I also ordered a side of brussel sprouts that alone made our visit worth it! 
We waited quite some time for our waiter to clear our plates and bring the dessert menu, but when dessert was finally ordered and received, all was forgiven. My profiteroles did not disappoint!
To sum it all up, The Italian Barrel does not have the most diverse or extensive menu, but what they do offer is exceptional. 
Oh, and I must try their pumpkin ravioli so I will definitely return....Everything about our dinner was either irritating, annoying or disappointing.  Our appetizer never arrived and we had to request it be taken off the check.  My salad arrived about 3 minutes prior to the entrees' arrival.  When our entrees did arrive, we had the worst disappointments of the night.  I tried the chicken parmesan, figuring it's hard to screw that up.  I was wrong.  The red gravy was the blandest I've ever tried - tasted like plain tomato sauce out of a can.  The chicken cutlet had clearly sat around under a light for a while as the breading had gotten soft and even slightly soggy.  The veal chop however exceeded the disappointment in the chicken parm.  The chop was very poorly seasoned and poorly cooked.  It was nearly raw.  That thick of a cut was just the wrong cut for that particular cut of meat.  Since it wasn't cooked well it was very tough and chewy.  Imagine our surprise when we received the bill and it was $52!!!  When an entree's price is that far off base from the other entrees on the menu, the server should allude to that.  If it had been a good dish, we wouldn't have minded so much, but it was definitely not.  
As for the service, that was also seriously lacking.  We sat at the bar, which do frequently to avoid sitting next to a screaming child or someone knocking into you the whole time.  Also, generally, sitting at the bar means you'll have good service because you're right in front of the bartender-server the whole time. Not so here.  He clearly needed help behind the bar but the seriously annoying part of the experience was that he would walk right past us and completely ignore us trying to get his attention.  It's fine to say "one moment, I'll be right with you."   It's unacceptable to completely ignore the guests and intentionally look in the opposite direction.    
We definitely will not be back.great little and I do mean little spot for pasta.  only a few tables in this little boite.  Great pasta, nicely prepared. Artisinal cheese available too. If this place gets discovered it will be too bad as if it gets busy you would never get in.Excellent service and food. Chino was a great server! The 14 ounce veal was a real hit!Returned there this week. nice to see that the food is still great.  Fresh local and imported ingredients are used with great care by Samantha the chef/owner.  I had Papardelle with porcini mushrooms and it was great.  the soup in the bread bowl seemed a bit more bread than soup but it was good. It was busy on a Sunday night, but we still managed to get in at  the bar. Nice service from Danny who is a character.  Great Italian. In New York or La you would pay twice as much for this quality.Amazing ravioli! I was in town on business and heard Little Italy had some great restaurants. This place had the best reviews and being vegetarian this also had the most options. Highly recommend!The ONLY reason I am giving one star is because the food is all around really good. 
Short backstory: I'm here with my bridal party for my bachelorette party and we just wanted a nice Italian dinner for our last night in town considering I'm only in town a short time due to being in the military. The owner of the house we're staying at recommended this place so we decided to give it a try. BIG MISTAKE...just go elsewhere. 
When we arrived we were told that we can't do separate checks; okay, that's fine. I think our waitresses name was LeAnne? Not exactly sure. When we asked about payment options, we were told to do cash or use a few different cards...but no actual help. The way we were spoken to just took us aback. Throughout the night we dealt with very passive aggressive attitude, forced smile, not getting all the food we ordered, and empty drink/water glasses...we were treated like trash. One of my girls decided to just pick up the tab; but being from out of town her bank blocked her card until she verified the transaction, so I ended up paying...okay, whatever. But while we were sorting things out and I was getting my card ready to pay, the waitress came over very aggressively and was rushing us. Having been a waitress for many years, I always tip but With that kind of service, I gave a little less than what I would've given if she had treated us like human beings. (And no, we weren't loud, obnoxious, drunk, etc). Then came the icing on the cake...as we were walking out I guess one of my girls didn't close the door well and a guy in a bow tie (host maybe) came and slammed the door closed. A few seconds later, our waitress came out and yelled in from of the restaurant, customers and pretty much all of Decatur St. "$XX.00?!? REALLY!?!" and then proceeded to slam the door again! 
Never in my life have I been treated this way...as a customer or as a military service member. And the way those people acted in public and towards patrons just validates the amount of tip she received.I will never recommend this place no matter how good the food is. Thank you for making such an important time to me a rude and very upsetting experience.Great foods and lovely services . But u should make a reservation before you came, and u should have a little bit patience for your food either.The first time we dined at the Barrel back in March was phenomenal. Visited again last night and our experience was lack luster... there was a faint smell of vomit wafting throughout the dinning room. We ordered the Chilean Seabass. It was incredibly over cooked, tough and chewy. The pappardelle pasta with creamy vodka sauce lacked flavor. Luckily our server was very friendly and knowledgeable.On a recent trip to NOLA we were looking for a good Italian restaurant. Our friends are seafood eaters so we needed something with fishy stuff as well. I found The Italian Barrel and everyone was happy. Our friends has some salad with various ocean creatures and they said it was great. We started with bruschetta and it was the best bruschetta ever - and we have had it many places!
My wife and I had pasta meals and both were great. Our friends had pasta with fish and they loved it also. Predinner drinks and wine were also good.
We sat outside which I would recommend. Inside is crowded and was very loud. It was totally full inside so it looked like no one minded but it was more peaceful outside.
Definitely a winner!Holy shit this is place good!  The mussels and brochette appetizers and Gorgonzola gnocchi were stupid good.  I wanted to dump the warm and delicious gnocchi down my pants.  Bite after bite I played with the little soft and warms treasures with my tongue before swallowing them down. The mussel sauce great for bread dipping when the mussels were gone.  The brochette had large thin slices of parmesan cheese and it's a must to get.  It's a lot of heaving food so order light or spilt them my friends like I did.A friend and I stumbled into this place after wandering down Esplanade. It's a small, charming Italian restaurant with a handful of tables inside and outdoor dining on the front sidewalk. 
We had THE BEST bloody mary here. First one of many in New Orleans and none other compared.  Lots of crushed ice and Cajun spices.
I had delicious, fresh buffalo ravioli. The serving was somewhat small, but only compared to other restaurants (esp Italian) that overfeed you. It really is enough to be filling. I'd definitely recommend it.
This seems like it was filled with locals instead of tourists and is women-run - both good in my book.If you want authentic Italian food and the ambience of feeling like you are dining in a local restaurant in Italy, you will love this place. Great selection of Italian wines with nice selection of cheeses chosen by the chef. I was so impressed with this place that I recommended it to some locals! I will definitely be back. Good service with friendly wait staff. This is as good as it gets!Would give it 4.5 or 5 stars
Desserts fabulous and appetizers great had unsalable with jumbo lump crab 
YUMWent here the first night in Nola and judged all other restaurants based on it! Had the sea bass with crushed tomatoes served on spinach that was expensive but totally worth it! Not only am I still thinking about that big piece of well seasoned fish but still thinking about the sauted, not soggy spinach. Our group also shared the pasta arribiata that was perfect al dente with a spicy tomato sauce. Not too spicy. 
They had run out of 2 of their desserts which irked us but we went with the chocolate "salami".  It's kind of like fudge packed with crunchy bits. Delicious but should've been served with a chisel because it was hard to cut. Still worth it. 
Service was friendly and attentive.
Pictures didn't come out great and don't want you to judge the food based on lousy pictures.Great food! Penne alla vodka was amazing and so was the sea bass special. Try the mussels as an appetizer! So good! Super cute and cozy inside with great service.I was here a week ago for my cousins bachelor weekend and this was the first restaurant we dined at. I have to say their attention to detail and their service was the best ever. I don't remember the hostesses name, but she made all 10 of us feel special.  The food was amazing and the service impeccable.  We went to another 6 restaurants during our visit and this was absolutely the best!! The hostess bought all of us a round of shots to kick start the weekend. Next time I am in New Orleans this is the first place I am going to.Everything about this restaurant was wonderful.  The chef/owner Samantha came out to greet us at our table and ask how we enjoyed our dinner.  It is clear she is so proud of her restaurant which had just re-opened after a renovation and she takes pride in the quality of her ingredients, sourcing many from Italy.  The antipasti was wonderful, the bufala mozzarella was silky, the tomatoes in the bruschetta so fresh.  I enjoyed the Chilean sea bass special of the night (amazing).  We topped off dinner with a trio of desserts including the torta della nonna, which I will remember fondly for quite some time.  I highly recommend this restaurant in the French Quarter.We were looking for a dessert after our appetizer crawl.  The place we picked was closed due to a private event.  We looked for another place and found this gem.  We had after dinner drinks, a nice tawny port and a snifter of Irish Cream while deciding on same desserts.  We had a Tiramisu and profiteroles.  The profiteroles were very overstuffed with chocolate mousse.  Both were fantastic.  Cloth napkins and table linen go hand in hand with the impeccable service.  We need to go back for appetizers or even a whole dinner.  Kudos to our waitress Hill!What a great meal!!  We had the cheese plate for an appetizer and it was one of the best I have ever had.  The porcini ravioli was decedent and the penne arrabbiata was just spicy enough to make it perfect.  My fiance and I shared both of these and couldn't pick a favorite.  Next time we are in NOLA,  we will be back!We were at a loss as to where to dine this evening
  After much searching  on Yelp we chose the Italian Barrel. What a fabulous last minute choice this was. The restaurant is small in size and can be a bit loud but huge in beautiful character. And the food was absolutely fantastic! We shared two ravioli dishes which were complimented by home made Italian bread. If you are in search of a restaurant that is not Cajun/Creole do give the Italian Barrel a visit!The veal parm was burned and too much sauce was used. The attitude of some of the servers was absolutely miserable. We had asked that our $23 crab salad be split in half and the female server copped all kinds of tude bc she had to walk back into the kitchen. Our primary server Juan did a nice job. When our check came, we were assessed a $4 split fee on the salad. I'd understand if we split an entree but a salad?...after a $50 bottle of wine and 2 $30 entrees?  Then the manager Gio (wonder if that's on his birth certificate?) gave us crap bc I asked him to remove the $4. It was done as "a one time courtesy"!  With all of the dining options in New Orleans you can have a way better dining experience for a couple a hundred bucks!
Michael 
Dallas, TxGreat meal. Cosy, atmospheric and warm. 
Welcoming service too. 
We shared the anchovy filets drizzled with lemon and olive oil - light and tasty. Entrees were fettuccine scampi and pumpkin ravioli - both were excellent. 
Highly recommended.This place is tucked away towards the outside of the French quarter but is totally worth the walk down Decatur st! This place was delicious. First of all the waitress was super sweet and very helpful when it came to the menu. The food was amazing and the house dressing was easily the best salad dressing I have ever had. 
The ambiance is sublime. It would be the perfect place for a romantic dinner in NOLA. They have outside seating as well as inside.
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a great Italian meal that is a step above.Benvenuti in Italia!
Picture it: you're walking in the quarter, past bars and lovebirds that pay you no mind as you side step off Decatur to enter The Italian Barrel. When you walk in, it's as if the bar wants you to be separated from the outside world. You're directed to one of the six  tables tucked behind in an extremely intimate room and your pupils have already adjusted to the light in time for you to sit comfortably. You feel an urge to speak more with your body and hands than ever as you channel your inner Sophia Loren while ordering your drinks. "Cena" has begun. 
I can't decipher where the equation went from good to great, but I think it started with the most impressive bruschetta I've ever seen/eaten.  After the great debate over ravioli vs. gnocchi, then which ravioli, we decided to order them all and share. While each that we tried was delicious, turning down truffle ravioli would be a bad idea!!
Keep in mind that this will be the type of dinner that will likely prohibit you from going out after, so enjoy your food and the coma that comes on an evening that you could use the extra zzzzz's! 
Buon Appetito!I was in a party of three who ate there for the first time last week. I ordered the truffle and porcini ravioli and thought it was outstanding. I had a house salad with it and thought it was very good but another person in our party had the same salad and said it was terrible. The other member had the vodka pasta with crab and loved it. I tried a bite and thought it was too fishy for me. The person who didn't like the salad also did not like the rigatoni gorgonzola. I had a bite and it was too al dente. Should have been boiled for another minute or 2.  No one liked the bruschetta as it was more like a cherry tomato salad with some bread under it. House wines were good.A group of four adults went for dinner around the holidays and we had an exceptional dinner.  We enjoyed a variety of pasta dishes, the bufala mozzarella, and cheese plates.  I had the pasta arrabbiata and it was great.  The gnocchi was also reale good.  
It was very busy and they had to turn walk-ins away, so reservations are definitely recommended.  It's larger than it used to be, but it's still a very nice quaint Italian restaurant near the edge of the FQ.  We all thought the food was very tasty and the atmosphere was great.  There aren't really many choices for good Italian in NOLA, but this is one that we'll go back for sure.This place was really good. The service was outstanding. We had the cheese and meat platter (they are two platters, so we ordered the small for both). This was the stand out of the place for us. If you like cheese (5 different ones) and if you like italian cold cuts (5 different ones) and you happen to like honey (two different ones) along with a few other spreads this is for you. It was that good. Oh, and they give you a basket of assorted crackers and breads. God was it good.
The wine selection is decent and if you are into Italian beer they have two of them.
Up next was the main course. I had the  Chicken Parmigiana and she had the Chicken Alberto. Both plates were outstanding. Couldn't eat it all as they gave us a pretty good size portion along with having the cheese and meat plates before the main course, we were both stuffed.
The only draw back to this place is it is small. Tiny small. We just happen to stop by on a whim when it was not busy. If your party is over 4 people standby. I would highly recommend making a reservation.
One of the best places we have eaten at so far on this trip.The Italian Barrel is a couple blocks from my house. I honestly feel guilty for not leaving a review before now.... As a foodie... I consider it one of the " special places". If someone comes into town... we go to Italian Barrel. If someone asks me where the hidden gem of the quarter is... I tell them Italian Barrel. 
Wine, food, ambience, service. It just doesn't get any better. This is a do not miss in the quarter and a place to make dining memories that will last a lifetime.So amazing! This is the best Italian food in New Orleans. Bruschetta is gigantic with matching flavor. Mussels are delicious. Every pasta is beyond expectation with such delicious sauces to match. Desserts are fabulous. Other than the location being too small, I could not begin to complain. My service is always grade A. I truly cannot wait for my next visit.This was a wonderful little Italian joint hidden on the edge of the French Quarter! My boyfriend and I went with another couple and we all had a lovely time that extended far beyond the meal. We all started off with Bruschetta and Mussels, every bite of which was rich and delicious. I ordered the pasta special which was a vegetarian delight! The pasta was cooked al dente which was exactly how it should be and the sauce was light with be perfect amount of mozzarella. My boyfriend got the Osso bucco and he loved it, it was a very healthy serving with a wonderful sauce. It was tender and fell right off the bone. For desert we had the limoncello truffle which was incredible! It tasted just like limoncello and was a wonderful end to the meal. To drink we split our favorite bottle of wine for a very reasonable price (Super Tuscan for $48) and I had a Nutella cocktail with dessert that tasked like a smooth cookies and cream delight! We loved this place, our waiter was charismatic, friendly, and authentically from Venice!The food was amazing. Me and my friend shared the lasagna and the chicken parmigiana and we still had left overs. The place was clean, the food was great, and the waiter was nice.Horrid service.  Our server FORGOT our wine order and 5 minutes into our entree came over to confirm we DIDN'T really want that bottle after all.  He proceeded to wiff the table next to ours order - serving the wrong dishes and failing to bring their check upon request.  He was watching the Cleveland playoff game at the bar. 
Great Chef and food driven to a new low by yet another server who simply doesn't give a damn.  
5 star food with -5 star service.Fantastic cozy place! Service was awesome. Food was soooo good. I got the pumpkin ravioli yum. This place is small so I would make a reservation. I made one on yelp and it was no problem. Table was ready on time. Price is reasonable $ 40 for both of us (without wine tho).Great little gem! Traveled to New Orleans from Los Angeles to meet family and booked a reservation the night of Thanksgiving.  Skipped traditional turkey for pasta and were delighted with every bite.  Great service, and lovely bistro type atmosphere. Would return!I had the rigaton pasta with gorgonzola, marscapone, and walnuts. It was delicious and was a large sized portion. 
It's a small restaurant, with a few tables on the sidewalk. I recommend eating inside unless you don't mind the cars driving by and busy. foot traffic.
I heard the cocktails were good, but I didn't get one. Large wine selection, but only one beer option.While I am generally underwhelmed by most restaurants in the French Quarter (how does every establishment have four stars), The Italian Barrel is a gem.  Five stars, without question.  For dinner, we had: Salad with avocado dressing, truffle and porcini ravioli (the sauce was pure creamy goodness) and sea bass, crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside.  This is a can't miss stop for any lover of food.In a city with so many great food options don't settle for this place.
Service was very poor.  Server would disappear for long periods of time and our glasses were left empty.  Scatter brained server forgot our sides , maybe it would have helped if she wrote them down.  Working without a pen/paper is impressive for a server only when they can accurately recite an order to the kitchen. 
As for the food - it was fine.  If you are looking for just ok food, poor service, and high prices this is your place.Slow service, wine tasted like it had been out all night , with two glasses of wine and a bottle of spring water was almost forty dollars. So I'm either cheap or this isn't worth the money! The waiter's were polite, and also the only reason I gave above one star.First time we went, great service, the best bruschetta we've ever had and great pumpkin ravioli.  It was so good, we went back a few nights later.  On the 2nd visit, the service was good until a very $$$ regular customer came in and sat beside us at the bar and all attention was placed on them.  And we probably made the mistake telling the bartender we were from out of town so I guess he didn't feel we were worthy of a "Thank you, have a good trip home and come again on your next trip" etc.. and I've been to NOLA over 10 times so that was a big mistake. And we had left a 20% tip.  We noticed too the consistency of the food from first visit to the 2nd visit was not the same.  
Best restaurant so far after many many trips to NOLA is still GW Finns.Come hungry roll out happy. The food portions are large as expected and delicious. We were over carbed at the end of our meal so we ordered some high octane coffee for our walk back to our hotel and we were ready to go! 
The bruschetta is super deliciousThis is one of those places that is hard to review. My friends constantly rave about it, yet I am constantly unimpressed. My visit last nite solidified that feeling for me. The staff was nice but all seemed overwhelmed even though it wasn't particularly busy. 2 tables walked out during my meal unable to get someone to take their order. The fire roasted ravioli was flavorless and uninteresting and one of those times you say to yourself I seriously make much better at home. So if it weren't for other local friends who constantly rave on their personal experiences I would likely be giving this a 2 star review. Ill give it another try in a few months but not sure I'll have a better taste in my mouth.Intimate setting, if no tables eat at the bar-that works well. Johnathan gave us excellent advice and service. Good selection of wines by the glass. Good variety of entrees with the possible exception of seafood options. Had Porcini and Truffle Ravioli and Chef Samantha pasta - both we're fair priced. Fair portions and4 star tasteExcellent Italian classic Italian cuisine. Very nice cozy ambiance and atmosphere. Service a little slow but no big deal.Happened to walk past this place this afternoon and got a whiff of the basil on someone's bruschetta - insisted we come back for dinner!  Glad we did.  It's a tad pricey but trust me, it's worth it.  Very delicious authentic Italian food.  Many ingredients are imported, and everything is super fresh.  Fare is fairly light but still filling. It's so refreshing to find an Italian restaurant in New Orleans that offers food other than huge, heavy, cheezy, overly sauced, gut-busting dishes.
Large wine list, although we didn't try any.  Skip the birra (beer) it was not impressive. 
The fresh bread and breadsticks are accompanied by very flavorful olive oil and balsamic vinegar, which I much prefer to butter.   
Do order the bruschetta appetizer, you will not be dissapointed.  It had just the right amount of garlic, and was topped with a thin slice of parmesan.
I had a delicious penne pasta dish with an olive oil-based sauce and sauteed vegetables (squash, bell peppers, onions).  My boyfriend had the most amazing baked salmon over sauteed spinach.The porcini truffle ravioli is the best dish I have ever had. Ever.  Start with a half meat/ half cheese board and then move on to the ravioli.  You will dream about this place.  No BS.Years ago I had the pumpkin ravioli here, and to this day I haven't found a better pasta dish. Absolutely delicious! I'm from Chicago and you'd think I could find something here that was just as good but I haven't yet.Maybe the kitchen had a bad night, but the quality of food didn't deserve anything above 2 stars. Taste was rather ordinary.Coming back here after a few years , Italian Barrel did not disappoint! Great menu, great service & great new space. Brought my Husband for the first time and he was so happy. After reading a few disappointing reviews I thought it might have lost its charm but we left so happy and so full. After spending $335 (including tip) for two people, we decided it was the best money spent on a meal on our weekend getaway. What made it extra special was our server who we cannot remember his name (so sorry). I do remember he celebrates his 28 birthday next month and I think his name begins with a G. Pleasant conversation and discreetly attentive. Thank you for a wonderful experience. We'll be back when we visit in January.It was raining cats & dogs the afternoon we stumbled in this restaurant. One of our friend suggested we meet at this place for an early lunch. It was a pretty upscale Italian restaurant at Barracks St. My boyfriend and I ordered the Seafood Salad $12 appetizer.  It was delicious! We also ordered the lasagna $17 and Artichoke ravioli $17. It was WICKEDly expensive! The portions were small and we were not filled up. All we remembered was that we ended up paying $90 ($45 each) for both our meals. Our friend ordered a $40 meal, this does not include his other extra stuff. So, it didn't quite add up. the owner and chef Samanth Castagnetti stopped by our table and asked how everything was.... we were polite and answered everything was fine!The location is nice. The staff is excellent. I ordered chicken Parmesan. It was pretty good. My husband and friend ordered lasagna and LOVED it. For dessert I ordered the bombe and it was amazing!! Best dessert I have ever had. Very unique also. This was the only food I enjoyed while in New Orleans.Excellent food and service. The penne alla vodka was done with a white sauce rather than the normal red because the dish includes lump crab. The pasta was perfectly cooked and the balance of the sauce with the crab was just right.  Adding tomatoes would have spoiled the mix. For a very small space establishment the wine list was good.This restaurant was so lovely and one of my favorites when we visited NO. We started off with the clams which were cooked perfect in a white wine sauce. We soaked up every bit with our bread. We had their special the night we visited which was spaghetti with lamb meatballs. Again, we devoured every bite. It is small, so I would highly recommend reservations. Upscale, but without any snobbery whatsoever. Our waiter was such a delight. Would definitely visit again.Outstanding! As strange as it was to choose Italian food on a trip to New Orleans, I am so glad we did. 
This little "hole-in-the-wall" is no hole. It's an adorable little spot, with fantastic food. The service was quick and friendly, but never rushed. The walls are lined with all the awards the chef has earned, and rightly so. Even the salad dressing was amazing (apparently it's a secret recipe the chef won't even give the servers!). I had a creamy pasta dish, which I don't normally order, and I was pleasantly surprised at how light and airy the sauce was! The dessert was worth every penny, and the whole experience was serene. 
It sounds odd to say, but the next time I'm in NOLA, I'm going right back to the Italian place.What a little gem!
It's just like we read on previous posts, the outside looks like a pizza joint, but when you go in it's super quaint and inviting. We were told the wait would be awile because we were a bit early for our reservation, but were told we could wait at the bar until it was time. The seats at the bar were so comfortable, we decided to just eat there instead.
 We were impressed with the wine list and the food, especially the bruscetta. We opted to share several items coursed out like a tasting menu and were so happy. the food is outstanding as was the service. I was amazed by how much information the servers recited from memory. Being a waiter myself, I know how hard that is. 
Overall we thought this was one of our favorite restaurants of our trip. Don't be afraid of this side of the Quarter, it looks a little bit seedier, but turned out to be our favorite section.This was our second time coming to this restaurant. We brought some friends along. The food and drinks were great. You have the option of sitting inside or outside. Would recommend the inside. Will definitely be coming back here the next time we come back to New Orleans!We're here in New Orleans visiting our son who is in the military.  Wanting something different from the gumbo/jambalaya/etc that we've had over the last few days - we decided to have lunch (1:15PM) here. Walked in and after a few awkward moments of standing near the front door the greeter "greeted us". I use the term loosely when in fact he was extremely rude. We were rudely asked "what can I do for you"? To which we replied that we'd like a table. He proceeded to look at us and then at seating chart in exasperation. Mind you there were at a MINIMUM of 4-5 empty tables. There was a table of four women who were seated close to where we were standing WATCHING this entire interaction. One woman responded that they would be leaving in a few minutes. At that point the server informed us that we could have their table. Still rude mind you. A gentleman walked in right after us and was PLEASANTLY  greeted, asked if he had reservations (he did not), was told that the next group of reservations were starting at 4PM, and therefore, he would be seated in about 10 minutes. We we were never asked if we had reservations nor informed that they were needed. Which again is besides the point since as I mentioned - the 4/5 empty tables. Based on the attitude of this one employee - we decided not to patronize this establishment. Makes you wonder if this is the mentality of the owners/everyone who works here. Can't say that the food is good because we don't know. What we do know is that we would never recommend this place. In reading some of the comments it appears that others would agree.I like the location and atmosphere of this place.  I like how it seems very authentically European with so many tables crammed into a small space.  I see Italian Barrel claims to be authentic Italian cuisine but I do not find it to be at all.  I find the pasta dishes to be far too full of butter (inedible amounts of butter) and not tasting like I expect them to.  
I do like their seafood salad, and prosciutto and melon salads.  The cheese plate is fantastic here.  If you are walking through the quarter and want a snack and wine, I highly recommend stopping here for the cheese or a salad and some wine because the atmosphere is lovely.I had a great time at The Italian Barrel. The food was great.  The host was very nice. We were seated very quickly. Throughout our dinner the host kept checking on us and refilled our water if needed. Our waiter Gustavo () was very knowledgeable of the menu and was very pleasant. When I go back to NOLA I will definitely go back to this restaurant.From the moment I walked in I was impressed by the smells of scratched cooking and the quaint space. 
Sat at the bar (small but cozy) the bartender made excellent cocktails and was very social, a plus.
Appetizers were excellent!
Our dinners were delicious and you can taste the fresh ingredients and love they put into it. 
A must!After spending the previous night observing the madness that is Bourbon Street, my husband and I decided to plan a more low-key, date night-type evening. So glad we made reservations at the Italian Barrel! 
Our house salads had a wonderful dressing, and the toasted bread was a very nice touch. My vodka pasta with lump crab was delicious, and my husband's ravioli was to-die-for! My hubby also ordered tiramisu- which we were told is literally made at home by the owner's Italian mother each night. Needless to say, it was fantastic! The place is a little cramped, but the best places often are!This place is tiny -- in a good way.
We made reservations and were promptly seated when we arrived. We sat inside which was really intimate, maybe only 6-7 tables inside with another 5 or so outside on the sidewalk.
Food was delicious and the service was quick, knowledgeable and friendly.
Great location right on the end of the French Market. Check it out, but make reservations.Quaint and gorgeous little place suggested by a friend that lives by there on Esplanade.   We had dinner and loved the atmosphere right when we walked in (candles, but not too dark).  The Seafood Salad appetizer was such a treat.  We also had the crab martini (not a drink) for appetizer and it was also very flavorful and fun for two to split.   The cantaloupe and prosciutto half order was plenty for dinner if you are a light eater.  All of the ingredients tasted very fresh and the staff was incredibly attentive, sharp and educated on the meal and the restaurant.  I was there with a friend, but this would also make for a marvelous date place as well!  New favorite!!!This place was absolutely amazing the food was so authentic and fresh. I had lasagna and the ricotta cheese literally melt in your mouth.  Service was wonderful. Can't wait to return again.A must go!  Don't be fooled by the cheesy sign!  This place is right down the street from my apartment and I go as often as possible; not out of convenience but because it's truly that wonderful!
     The ambience is just right for beginning a night of fun in the quarter, a romantic dinner or a fine lunch. They have a wonderful wine list and one of the best filets I have ever had in the city. Honestly, I have tried almost everything on the menu and have enjoyed all of them immensely.  The wait staff is always perfect-kind, friendly and willing to accommodate any group. 
    They offer inside and outside dining which is particularly nice on a spring evening.  There isn't anything about this place That I don't like. Tried and true, a definite go to anytime!  I would recommend this place to anybody looking for a delicious Italian meal. You won't be disappointed.The best Italian food in New Orleans, hands down.
Get the porcini & truffle ravioli! You won't regret it.As good of an italian restaurant as you can find.  I don't think I've ever had Italian food that I would rate a 5/5, but this place was great.  We had the Bruchetta, which was a perfect appetizer.  We wondered how one finds fresh tomatoes in December.  The porchini & truffle ravioli was wonderful, but a bit too rich to be able to finish.  The vodka sauce was a little too subtle with crab was a little more subtle than I'd hoped.  The service was top-of-the-line.  A great Italian restaurant.