The staff was awesome. The experience and art is awesome. The food was beyond none. 5 star. My group of 5 had a 2.5 hour dining experience. They didn't rush us at all. With tip and drinks it was $100 per person. This was the best dinning any of has had in a long time. I highly recommend this place. Was the highlight of our trip to New Orleans. We all had the four course meal!  Thanks Pelican Club!We went here for our Anniversary this year.  We were running late and they still were able to hold a nice table for us.  The food was fantastic, and the staff were great.  If you are looking for a nice place to eat for a special occasion and do not mind a little noise from other diners talking as the night goes on and enjoy fantastic food, this is the place for you.Reveillon is usually my excuse to venture into some of the city's esteemed restaurants. The Pelican Club's menu drew my eye as it allowed for the opportunity to fulfill my goal for the 2014 holidays--dining on small/cute, exceptionally prepared animals. 
The turtle soup was standard, but the rabbit was richly tender and elevated by its bed of grits. The entree, duck three ways, satisfied my needs for the traditional (confit), the new (barbecued) and the fresh (via the citrus sauce on the duck breast) and overshadowed the side vegetables (they were afterthought). The bread pudding didn't disappoint either.
The atmosphere was warm and fairly noisy, but not exceptionally so compared to Galatoire's, etc. Service was on par for a restaurant of this caliber.The three stars are for the food, which was very good. Paneed fish was excellent, the crabcake and shrimp appetizer very nice. The escargot was the highlight of the meal, with a beautiful puff pastry and mushroom duxelle. Dessert was a coconut cream pie, a bit overwhelmed by the berries, sauce, whipped cream, and fruit that came with it.
The Pimm's Cup was also first-rate, prepared exactly as requested and very refreshing. 
Service? OK. The waiter grabbed the butter and our bread plates while leaving the bread basket on the table. A little later, he asked if he should take the basket. Hmm. He also refilled my water glass only halfway each time. But it's a good thing that I'm a fast learner; if he had not trained me to move the glass to the outer edge of the table, I doubt I would have gotten anything.
Chipped china completed the mise en scene. 
Now for the real problem: as soon as we walked in, WE HEARD THE NOISE OF A THOUSAND ANGRY VIKINGS LAYING WASTE TO A VILLAGE. I asked the waiter if there were a frat party going on in the building. He informed me, OVER THE RAGING DIN, that some television station was having dinner there. I asked for earplugs; he chuckled. I did not. He did assure us twice that the group should be leaving soon. It was a lie. They left when we did.
So, we had very nice food, served decently, to the accompaniment of what sounded like a series of human sacrifices drunkenly conducted by the Maury Povich Show.
A very good place if you don't mind your dinner served on busted up plates with a riot on the side. At $115+ for two people (no wine), shabby chic doesn't cut it.I'm shocked to find so many poor reviews here. Had a recommendation to try this and so glad we did. Service was excellent and each dish our waiter recommend was a winner. Great atmosphere and great food in this hidden gem...a nice break from the hustle and bustle of the area! Don't skip the bread pudding.My wife & I were just in NOLA for the first weekend of Jazz Fest.  We stayed at the Hotel Monteleone, just across the street from the Pelican Club.  Our friends had already secured a table & ordered appetizers when we arrived to join them.  There was an empty two top right next to them in the outside seating area, so I went inside to let the hostess know we were joining them.  So somebody knew we were there!  Fifteen minutes went by before I got up & went back inside to request a waiter come & visit us.  A few minutes later a nice young (frazzled) lady came by & dropped off menus.  We waited a few minutes more for her to return & we put in drink orders & our food orders.  Figured she may not come back for a while, so we should get it all in.  Our salads came out before our drinks!  Once our salads arrived & the (new) waiter had left, we realized we had no napkins & no silver ware.  Took a few minutes to track someone down & get that resolved &, oh yea, could we have our drinks brought out?  The rest of the service was more of the same.  We got our entrees before our drinks arrived at the table.  The food was pretty good, but not good enough to put up with that level of crappy service.Returned to the Pelican Club this weekend and had a wonderful experience. 
Cocktails were well crafted and ample in size.
I had the potato soup to start and was very pleased. The main course was a whole head on flounder which was fried and then glazed with a sweet chili sauce.
My first impression was it was too large a fish for me to eat. First impressions are often wrong and that was certainly the case. Only the bones remained. 
It will not be such a long time between visits.I had the best thing I've ever ate here and I'll say that proudly. I'm not sure what it was...a chicken cutlet with some kind of mango salad on the side but it was amazing!  Maybe I'm just really easy to please but the way it was cooked and how all the flavors went together was a hit. 
 I'm not a fan of fancy dining or even seafood but I came here while on vacation so I didn't have much say.  The service was good and it was a really nice and relaxing place. The menu had something for everyone so I was glad I was able to find something other than seafood.  If you're looking for something upscale in NoLa and are in the French Quarter, try Pelicans Club. It's also in walking distance with a bunch of other places so you will always have something to do after dinner.I'd stopped by here once before for drinks, but did the full dining experience this time.
I had the whole crispy flounder dish, but they had substituted redfish instead.  Wow!  What an outstanding and attractive dish.  The sweet chili sauce absolutely complimented the fish.
Also at our table we had ciopinno, the seafood martini, the fresh fish with crab meat; all were excellent.  
Great waitress, great bar, great food!  Highly recommended.If it weren't for their disappointing level of service, I would've given them 4 stars. The Bees Knees martini is a MUST TRY. The crab mushroom ravioli, the crab and corn bisque, the lobster and scallops plate as well as the trio of duckling were excellent
But from the get-go, when we arrived to check-in after we have made dinner reservations, they attempted to seat us right next to the service hall and in front of the entrance hallway where diners and servers walk back and forth. When we looked inside the restaurant there were plenty of nicely placed open tables inside. As we asked why we weren't seated inside the hostess told us that they had a private function inside. So we settled for the table next to the one she wanted to seat us at, away from the entrance. But we realized later on that the private party was in a different part of the restaurant in the back, and the other open tables were open to any diner, including some of the walk-ins we saw who came after we arrived at the restaurant. Apparently we just weren't good enough to be seated properly? That was strike #1.
First few minutes went well, until the server became rude. He kept pushing us to order certain types of dishes from the menu. It's beyond suggesting. Then when we finally settled on our choices, he seemed a bit upset. It got progressively worse by the minute. When the bottle of wine we ordered arrived, he popped the cork off then chucked it across the table at my mom. He kept dropping things on the table in a hurry, like when we asked for an extra spoon or another glass of water. He also grabbed items off our table with great rush, without asking us if we were done. He never once checked back to see if we were enjoying our meals. He always seemed friendly to the other diners seated on each side of our table, but when he got to our table he was very cold and rude.
I had to approach the manager who showed a bit of concern and sincerely offered me a free drink. I'm not complaining to get freebies so I turned down the free drink, it was the principal of dining at a restaurant who comes highly recommended and claims to be up there with some of the best in New Orleans. That is the bottom line, whether we looked like a billion dollars, or we look like tourists or just a group of Asian women... There is no excuse for the way we were treated as patrons.Came in here on a whim with my boyfriend and his coworkers on Thursday 9/12 and we sat at the bar. Jason and Lindsay were the kindest most fun bartenders I have ever encountered. The food (restaurant week menu - amazing deal, 10000 options) was delicious and timely. I had never thought about coming in here even though I work in the quarter but now it's at the top of my list for recommendations. Thank you again to Jason and Lindsay who kill it!!A quick update, not on the food, which is still excellent, but on the ambiance. I went here for dinner a few days ago and was appalled at how the customers were dressed. Many guys were in shorts , untucked shirts, and tennis shoes or flip-flops. I felt like I was in a sports bar. And the behavior of these guys was on par with their dress.  I know it's tough to have and enforce a dress code in a tourist driven restaurant, but there at least needs to be a no shorts policy.Traditional fine dining at its best!  This doesn't have the old timey Creole cache of an Arnaud's, nor the avant garde excitement of a Stella!, so maybe that's why it's not on the tip of the city's tongue.  But it should be for simple French/American fine dining perfection.  The service was flawless and genuinely hospitable, and all the restaurant specialties were phenomenal: turtle & sherry soup, baked oysters, gulf fish, etc.  The dining rooms are classic and comfortable, with a little extra flair courtesy of adornments by local painters.  It has the look and feel of the place that mom and dad would *love*, but it's really for anyone who appreciates a high class restaurant.This place is so much fun and the food is truly wonderful. Every item on each of our courses was completely complimented by sauces and sides we didn't even need. 
The dress code is super relaxed for this type of place but nicely dressed people are everywhere. I have heard friends say the interior is a bit dated but I would call it classic old New Orleans at this point.  I love that it's not perfect and no one is uptight. Try their signature oysters.......really nice and we we eat oysters all the time.
The Pelican also one of those places that hums with conversation but no one can hear what you are saying from table to table. 
Thanks Pelican Club for a great evening of fun and way too much good food.Extraordinarily loud dining area with rude wait staff. An empty wine glass would be cleared without offer of a replacement. Subpar, unauthentic cuisine.I got the filet mignon and crab cakes from the coolinary menu. I liked it just wish it wasn't so much sauce on it. Very good thoughI am a local and prior to moving here I visited New Orleans yearly for 23 years. I've eaten in nearly all of the city's wonderful restaurants...and some of  the bad ones. The Pelican Club should take a lesson from Commander's, GW Finn's, Restaurant August and many of the other pros.   Last week we each ordered the filet mignon. I was specific that I wanted mine medium rare and my friend ordered her filet to be cooked medium. Strangely the waiter decided to split one order onto two plates. Why? I have no idea. We realized later when we paid the bill. However the worst of it was that the filet, while decent, was served with "corn" as the side of roasted vegetables along with mashed potatoes which hands down tasted like it came from a box. The corn had that distinct taste of the kind that comes out of the can. We were polite yet asked our friendly waiter if the potatoes were fresh or from a box. He said if the kitchen were to run out of potatoes that he wouldn't be surprised if they served instant. That's telling! We were shocked. The waiter then shared with us that the chef was angry when he let him know that the mashed potatoes tasted instant. 
It was a very odd meal and interaction with the waiter, who as I said was friendly but as off the mark as the corn and potatoes.  We still have no idea why he served us only one entree and split it. When I saw the bill and realized this, and asked him he just looked confused and said something along the lines of "I didn't think you were that hungry." Huh? Wacky. As well, not that we wanted it, but he didn't offer even a complimentary dessert or coffee for the problem with our dish... or even take of the $5 additional charge for sharing an entree.  
Don't eat here. There are so many top restaurants in New Orleans This is clearly not one of them.Crab cakes, escargot, cocktails, lamb chops, fish, dessert, bread, and more.  All under $150 for two people?!  And in the Quarter?!  It was fantastic.  Great service too.  Excellent.  Will return.After our first experience, we returned immediately the next night. The menu contained a variety of foods that we wanted to try. As our first was done to perfection we felt that our next selection would be equally as delicious. I am happy to report that we were NOT disappointed. The Pelican Club is a true find: lovely ambiance, great tasting food, and exquisite service. 
Only wish that I could eat there every night!One of the best meals I have had in a long time. The appetizers of oysters was superb and the drinks as well. Tried something of everything at our table and all was great. The dessert was excellent. The draw back is the size of the restaurant and parking. The seating is very close which isn't bad if you have friendly diners but not so good if they are not. The parking is in whatever lot you can find no vale parking. So we would rate this one high with minor draw backs. Even the fixed menu is great.Found this gem of a restaurant.  The restaurant was very elegant set in a picturesque french quarter setting.  This is a good place for a romantic dinner to woo a client.  Food was well preparing and presented well.  For this type of restaurant everything was reasonably priced.  Will be back.Jason is the absolute best bartender in NOLA.   His knowledge and personality are second to none.  I would suggest you go here if you ever have the opportunity because it is just off of bourbon st, close to all of the loud fun, but quiet and in an amazing little alley.We had our new years eve prix fix dinner here. Staff was friendly and attentive and food amazing. We started with an amouse bouche of fried oysters, brie and chutney, which was a fantastic mix of flavors. It was followed by a lobster bisque, which was somewhat plain, but this was forgiven as the rest of the meal was so good. As appetizer I had tuna poke, which made me almost want to lick the plate, so good it was, w the perfect balance of fish, avocado and sesame oil. As main I had yellowfish tuna, with blackened scallops, sticky rice, green beans and an asian coconut sauce, that was one of the best things I ever ate. As dessert, I ordered the creme bruile, which was the perfect ending to a great meal. Many very fairly priced wines on their list.My wife & I just wandered in here for a drink on our anniversary, thinking we would mosey on off to our dinner reservations at another restaurant, but we were so blown away by the friendliness of the bartender and the menu and the ambiance... that we cancelled our dinner reservation and dined here instead!   What a great decision that was.   This was by far the best meal, and the most pleasant dining experience during our 4-night stay in New Orleans.   Our server comped us our appetizers -- and on our way out the door the bartender, knowing it was our anniversary, poured us all a round of champagne!    The food:   Order the quail.  It is out of this world.   As was everything we sampled.   And it's just such a pleasant place to be -- each room has its own aesthetic, its own lighting -- and the way the restaurant space just keeps expanding is delightful.   I think I would move to New Orleans just so I could dine regularly at this restaurant.Everything here was amaze-balls. We tasted practically everything and it was all delicious - do not miss the Cioppino or the focaccia! Carrie was the most perfect server ever.My favorite place to go in all of New Orleans! It's delicious and the staff is wonderful! The quality of the food is superb and always fresh! French food with great ingredients. I love the grilled fish and the baked oysters. Also they have the best bread pudding I've ever tried, you cannot go wrong! Also they have fantastic cocktails! Try the pimms royale! This is a true New Orleans gem & a must try if you're looking for a great spot in the heart of the french quarterExcellent. Worth the price. Wait staff attentive & helpful. We had drinks at the bar before guests arrived. Nice bar to sit at. Dining room accommodates many, but it still felt comfy.I wish there were more stars to give this restaurant. We went there for their Coolinary menu and literally everything we had was amazing. The crab cakes were the best. The owners response about them  was, "this is how I make them at home." This was the best food we had all week and the service matched the excellence. Our server, Burt went above and beyond. He had great recommendations and let us sample wine. This was an amazing memory and I will definitely be back here.We really enjoyed The P.C.  Locals gave us the heads up and we were able to get in with short notice on a Friday night.  Service was very solid and our dishes really shined.  I had the flounder and the Mrs had the black drum.  We shared a nice white Burgundy and the evening was very pleasant.  I had the seafood martini and that was also a treat.  A definate winner in all respects.On a recent week-long stay in NOLA, we tried the Pelican Club. This was the best meal of the week and when you say something like that in a foodie city like this, that's saying something. 
We were seated before the rush started (we're earlier diners than most), but by the middle of the meal, the joint was jumping and there was plenty of energy. Some people say it's noisy. Yeah, maybe. I just loved the energy the place exuded. 
My cioppino was delicious. I've had lots of different cioppinos around the country and this was fantastic. Starters of soup/salad were also very good. 
Service stands out as an exemplary component of their recipe here. Friendly, without being unnecessarily chatty, skilled, and professional. Really well-trained staff all-around.Had dinner with an old friend who was in town and this was a great pick.  Nice bar to wait with a glass of wine.  Excellent dinner - had the drum and partner had the filet. High marks for the food, the service, and the atmosphere.  Can't think of a thing I would have wished differently.Went with a group to take advantage of the Coolinary menu-food was fabulous but a very loud group of mostly young women (I can't call them ladies) ruined our dessert and ruined the dinners of around 20 people seated around them. There was one young woman shrieking at the top of her lungs. At times one of them would give a cat call whistle to get everyone's attention. Management received several complaints. It ruined what would have otherwise been a lovely dinner. Managers-please get a plan for dealing with rude and raucous customers before they ruin your business. The Pelican Club should not sound like the Superdome.Probably the best Coolinary dinner so far.  Jason and Felix where excellent servers.  We had a bottle of Affinitas Tokaj.  Escargot In casserole and
Seafood martini ravigote for appetizers
Jumbo lump crab spaghetti fino and
1lb whole Maine lobster with sea scallops and jumbo shrimp for entrees 
Vanilla bean and brandy Crème brûlée 
Bourbon pecan pie for dessert.For whatever reason, no one seems to know about this place--a colleague who's a New Orleans native recommended it to me--and everyone needs to know about it. Charming surroundings, quiet enough that you can have a good conversation and yet interestingly animated, complete with old-world charm, friendly and outgoing staff, and, most important, some really fine, top-notch food. What's not to like?
We started with a drink at the bar, and were entertained by Kari, the highly professional, exceedingly witty bartender who told us a bit about the place and joked with us while we watched her expertly craft her concoctions. We were escorted to our table, where Mike served us with care and good humor. There were three of us at dinner tonight: the bisque was bowl-licking good; the lamb both satisfying in its flavor and stupefying in its quantity, and the creme brulee and chocolate cake somehow excessive and yet necessary at the same time.
This is really fine stuff, prepared with precision and served with both the care and charm you associate with a truly fine establishment. We've been coming to New Orleans for 25 years, and it's totally great to find a hidden gem like this. We'll come back again and agin.Loser man host was a jerk off. Empty restaurant, tried to join a small group of our friends and were told to wait at the bar. Avoid this place like the plague.The Pelican Club is a rare find. The food, service, and ambiance are great!! John was our server and his recommendations and service were excellent. I had the smoked duck gimbo,Love this spot. Great good and great service. The filet is one of my favorites in the area, as well as the white chocolate bread pudding.  Good music playing in the background too if you can appreciate that too.Very nice meal. Had the crispy whole gulf fish, cooked perfectly.  Outside crispy inside soft fresh and tender! Delicious citrus chili.  My wife had the rack of lamb also cooked perfectly. Our waiter Ron was attentive and on spot.  Also he was from Westchester N.Y. We are from Queens NY so we had some conversation about that too!A hidden gem! Jason the bartender is the best in the quarter. Kind, attentive and funny!! Thank you for a great evening, well be back!This was my first time ever at the pelican club and I must say I had extremely high expectations and they came very close to delivering. 
First off lets talk about the host. Extremely friendly and not stuffy which is one of my biggest pet peeves with fine dining. We get it, I'm about to overpay for a meal don't add insult to injury because I'm not the most refined human being. They were extremely friendly. 
Moving on to our a waiter and his team. Our server was extremely polished but once he realized we were laid back he let his personality shine through and lightened up the robotic fine dining spiel a bit. 
Food, the main event. 
We had the Martini appetizer. It was good but the seafood was steamed with no seasoning which left a lot to be desired but the tomatoes and ravigote sauce were so refreshing it immediately balanced out. 
We have the lobster with a diver scallop and gulf shrimp. Honestly it was delicious because it's very hard to make lobster wrong. However being honest there was no wow factor to this dish. It was bland and extremely buttery. No creativity to be found. 
Finished off with the bread pudding which was moist and had a great sauce pooled under it. 
I also tried my friends Mississippi quail and grits, we both agreed the quail was bland and the grits matched. 
Overall a great meal, just no wow factor that you'd expect from a fine dining establishment.Looking for a place in the quarter to escape the craziness of bourbon street? The Pelican Club has great drinks and delicious food! We sat at the bar and Jason took care of our every need and made us feel so welcome. This place will be added to my rotation of favorites when in New Orleans!The baked oyster appetizer was amazing.  My girlfriend had a surf and turf special which was very good.  I had a rib-eye steak with mushroom sauce that was average at best.  So, really, 2 out of 3 is not bad I suppose.  I'd go again, but I most definitely would not order the rib-eye.Crazy expensive of course, but a really nice meal overall. If you come here, get the prix fix meal for the most value, even if you don't think you could possibly eat that much. Soup and appetizers are small, single serving size so you won't get filled up before your entree comes out. 
I had the corn and crab bisque, which was absolutely divine, and the seafood martini, which I would order every single time I come here. For my entree I had the lobster stuffed with shrimp and scallops (turned out to be only one scallop unfortunately). It was pretty good, but the thing I felt was the least delicious of anything I ate here. Chocolate cake for dessert was delicious, though I wish it wasn't baked with almonds already inside. Le sigh. 
Anyway, yeah go here if you have cash to burn and wanna feel fancy. Probably also don't wear sweatpants like yours truly. Nobody said anything but I feel like evvvveryone noticed.The Pelican Club is one of those places off the beaten path literally and figuratively. The literal is that it's situated in beautiful Exchange Alley which doesn't get the traffic it deserves. The figurative is people tend not to think of this place when they think fine New Orleans dining, which is a mistake. I have been to the Pelican Club several times over the years, and I have always had a great meal. This last time was no exception. I took a friend out to celebrate a career move and wanted to make sure the food was up to par. A celebration with bad food is just no fun. We started out the night at The French 75 Bar at Arnaud's then wandered over to the Pelican Club on what was a very cold and windy night.
The first thing I did was order us a glass of champagne so we could toast the event. As we did, I looked around the dining room. I love this type of bistro looking place, tile floor, tablecloths, and some nice artwork on the walls. 
We both chose the 4 course Reveillon menu which was a good deal at $52. I ordered the oyster soup with mirlitons and a fried oyster on top. It was awesome with a hint of herbsant. My lovely dining companion ordered the turtle soup which was a great version of a New Orleans classic. Our next course was crabcakes and a fried green tomato with remoulade sauce and baked oysters. The crabcake was the better of the 2. The oysters were good, but a little overwhelmed by the bacon. Next the lambchops for me, cioppino for her. Both portions were HUGE, actually a little too big. They were also a little difficult to eat. The lamb came out as 2 racks which were a little difficult to carve at the table. The cioppino was excellent but contained unpeeled shrimp which were  a mess. As I told the DC, "good thing this isn't a first date!" Criticism aside, both dishes were excellent. Finally for dessert, creme brulee and white chocolate bread pudding. Again well executed New Orleans classics.
The DC and I lingered over our meal and enjoyed the evening for a long time as we usually do. One hindrance to a good time was the noise level. It turned into a shoutfest. The owner needs to do some sound dampening. 
But it was a lovely dinner with a lovely DC. I will definitely be back.All You Need to Know:
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY. 
I completely regret booking this reservation. My date was completely disappointed with each course and I was embarrassed for choosing this restaurant.
The food is the worst that fake traditional New Orleans restaurants offer. Anyone that enjoys the cheap ingredients and outdated ambiance are extremely likely to not live in New Orleans. In an effort to try something new, I booked this instead of Antoine's. Huge mistake!
What I Thought:
I have always heard this restaurant was held in high esteem even by those in the food service community.
Why I Booked:
It was a special occasion and the romantic location on Exchange Alley is very unique. We also has reservations at Preservation Hall, so this made for a brief after dinner walk.
The Experience:
Greeted promptly. Seated promptly. Slow service, but not terrible.
The Food:
Terrible. This is Cisco food service products at its worst. The olive oil served with the bread seemed like vegetable oil. The soups were oily. The main course of the seafood Cioppino (Italian version of bouillabaisse) had cheap seafood, a massive amount of limp pasta, and tons of cheap 'marinara' sauce.Had a wonderful meal here! Came with a friend and split everything, starting with the gumbo which was especially delicious. Our server, Jason, went above and beyond to make our meal a wonderful experience. Definitely try the scallop stuffed artichokes too, those are to die for!I never leave bad reviews, but for The Pelican Club I'll take my time to do it. So for starters, we had a pretty large party (16 people) from out of town. We were told we couldn't sit together (despite their being space) so we sat 8/8. Our waitresses were a large black woman with braids and a small, older white lady. 
At first the service was okay but i should have known something was up when i asked how was the calamari and the older waitress said "there was nothing special about it...it was like any other calamari. 
Okay... so we proceeded to order. 
The appetizers (for the most part) seemed fine. However, one of our guests had the bisque and she said it tasted like water. I tasted it and YES it did. She took one sip and sent it back. Fast forward to our actual meal. The food took about 45 minutes to come out and we attributed it to the restaurant becoming packed. But hey, the food should be good, right? 
NOPE. 
Four of the eight people at the table had to send their food back. First was the "barbecue shrimp" that was soggy and then there was seafood platter that the shrimp and lobster were HARD and tough. Thinking that maybe my friends were being too hard and I tasted the barbecue shrimp and it was overcooked and super mushy- I tasted it and I was disgusted. The shrimp and lobster plate looked good, but it was also over cooked. 
Also, keep in mind as the food was less than par, the service was slow and several tables who came in after us got their food MUCH quicker than us. Even after suffering through their dinner, we decided to order dessert. This is no lie, we  literally waited 45 minutes for dessert. 
Ready to leave we decided to just ask for our check. Lord did we know this would become a debacle because their waitresses have a hard time comprehending. 
We already knew that they would only split the check 4 ways at each table. Fine, we told the waitress (the one with the braids) how to split them, but she got frustrated and literally screamed that she was confused. She kept saying, "I don't understand" even after we were just asking her the duos that would put their food bill together. 
Then she seemed like she understood but she came back and everything was still wrong.  Like we were charged for things we didn't order and she just didn't follow the simple directions. She was so frustrated we opted to just pay cash so she wouldn't hurt her brain. 
To be in the French Quarter with tourists everywhere AND excellent food all around them, the Pelican Club needs to better train their waitresses AND chefs. I'll never return.My husband and I walked in off the street to The Pelican Club on New Year's Eve 2012.  We had no reservations nor expectations and just wanted a special evening in our favorite city.   We agreed to sit and order dinner at the bar.  It seemed festive and lovely.  There was a quiet, live band.  The bartender was attentive and we ordered our prix fix New Year's Eve meal.  Everything was wonderful, even better than expected.  The lobster bisque came with a scallop and dab of cavier.  My appetizer was the Pelican Club baked oysters, my husband had the ribs in a Asian slaw.  Both were excellent. The oysters were not overwhelmed by the cheese and bacon.  I had the drum fish and he had the duck with wild rice.  The sides were a corn dish and asparagus. We could only manage to order one dessert because we were pleasantly full.  The chocolate decadence cake with a sprig of mint was warm and fudgy.  I wish that I could have finished it.  I loved it and I am not a chocoholic.  The Pelican Club did not disappoint and I want to return again.  A lovely New Year's Eve memory.The Pelican Club is definitely a good place to check out if you are visiting New Orleans. We've had consistently good food and service each time we've dined here. And I can't say that about a lot of restaurants in the city!
We had a large group dinner there on a Monday night. The restaurant is located in a little alley off of one of the streets in the French Quarter. But it's easy enough to find.
Great service and great food - not much else to say! Very attentive staff. Our waitress went out of her way to make sure my filet mignon was cooked exactly the way that I wanted it (and it was). Excellent calamari appetizer - very lightly fried. Delicious pecan pie for dessert. Everyone in the group remarked how amazing the meal and service was. It was one of the highlights of our trip into town. 
This is not my first time dining at The Pelican Club. It may not be the hottest new restaurant name in town. It may not have a fancy chef's name associated with it. And certainly it's traditional décor and atmosphere. But it's our "go to" restaurant for a nice meal.Wifey and I had already reserved a table at K-Paul's, when it was suggested we come here.  Thinking we already our classy posh meal coming, we were not as excited as we could have been (in terms of food) to be invited to join a couple of friends at The Pelican Club on Saturday evening.  In the event, this is the classy meal that we remember from our honeymoon.
First, we sat at the bar until it was time for our table.  Wifey enjoyed her cocktail, but she is a girlie, so she would.  That I enjoyed mine (enjoyed rather than found it a replacement for beer that would have to suffice) is a credit to them.
We were then taken to out table, served by Estevan, and the four of us.  He was superb, understated and helpful when required.  I note bad reviews for the service, so I must mention it was not our experience.  
The three courses were excellent and we were all able to be both sated and not unable to start our deserts.  Food is partial, but I will confirm all four of us enjoyed our food and that the criticism of this place in other reviews does not relate to the food.
Having food the food in New Orleans to be a slight let-down from the level I was led to expect, this place stood out.
Two days later we went to the bar on our way to K-Pauls.  Stefan was behind the bar and was a star, we wish we had eaten at Pelican Club that evening too.This place was an amazing find!! We were lucky they were able to seat our large group immediately. It's situated in a lovely pedestrian alley filled with overhead string lights.  Our waiter Jason was very accommodating to our large group and we had an amazing time. The place is a fairly priced for the quality of food you are getting. If I you are hungry the prefix menu is a much better bargain. 
The dinner entrees were all excellent and a very health portion. I got a whole fried fish which was delicious but kinda had order regret when I saw other people's seafood pots and lobster dishes. Too many delicious options! Next time! 
Highly recommend this place and their fantastic waitstaff!Amazing restaurant!!  Our first time ever at The Pelican Club was last night. Shame on us for not trying it sooner. The experience was fabulous and perfect. Marcus was our main server and he was just fantastic. Great recommendations, friendly and sweet, personable. We really fell for him. And our food was delicious. We selected the four course price fixed menu. Every single course was so good. The potted shrimp!!  The escargot!  The lemon ice box pie!!!!  All I can say is -- GO HERE. You will not be disappointed.HELLO???!!! HELLO???!!! I REALIZE I'M SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO YOU BUT I CAN'T HEAR YOU!!! DO YOU READ LIPS? DO YOU READ LIPS? HOW'S YOUR REDFISH? 
DEATH WISH???
NO...HOW...IS...YOUR...RED....FISH???!!!
Wow. That was exhausting! We came here on October 29 for what was intended to be a business dinner, but turned into a desperate attempt to salvage a conversation with whomever was seated next to us. We had no chance in hell of hearing, much less understanding, the person seated across from us. I have NEVER been in a restaurant this deafeningly loud. If you're by yourself, it might be okay so long as you bring earplugs, but do not, do not, do not bring a group to this restaurant or you'll regret it!
The food was very good, with giant portions as well (no need for dessert), but everyone in our group (once we reconvened outside and were able to hear each other) agreed it was not somewhere we would ever return. I'm a former sound engineer, and am not exaggerating when I say that the sound level was at least 110 dBA for most of the meal. The management really needs to do something to control the volume.Cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. We were in a bit of a bind with no reservation on a Saturday night and ended up walking in and finding seats at the bar. The bar tenders Adam and Jason took such good care of us! They were so kind and made great recommendations for food and wine pairings. We took their advice and ordered the goat cheese salad and rack of lamb, and we were not disappointed. The food was spectacular, and so was the atmosphere and service!So - I'm the third person to review this place - and the first two reviewers couldn't have a more different opinion of this place.  My two cents - marvelous - do not miss this place.  
I never had the opportunity to see New Orleans pre Katrina.  We arrived this past April and found a city that is still suffering but could not be more friendly and welcoming.  And our dinner at the Pelican Club was definitely a highlight.  I found a review of the restaurant on one of the local New Orleans websites and we decided to go since is was just a short walk from our hotel.  
Their main dining room was still under renovation so we ended up sitting in the front room adjacent to the bar.  The service was friendly and attentive.  The meals were beautifully presented and generously sized.  I had a special featuring fresh grilled salmon over the top of a vegetable "ragout", while my other two friends had risotto and cioppino.  Hands down, the cioppino was by far the best I have tasted anywhere.  I could bathe in that sauce.
Add this place to your list.Wonderful service! Was sitting outside on a windy afternoon and was allowed to take a table cloth as a blanket to stay warm. Amazing place in an adorable alley of the French Quarter! Eternally grateful.Sooooooo good. Had the boudin stuffed pork chop. It was  amazing. Waiter was cool too.Yeah man, this is the place.  It's old style New Orleans with a clubby atmosphere and absolutely terrific food.  The main entrance is off one of the Quarter's lovely alleys and appears to be the entrance to a bar.  Don't be misled - you've come to the right place.  
We had the baked oysters with bacon and they were sublime.  Great tasting and just tangy enough to get your attention.  Then we indulged in the escargot in puff pastry that was terrific; make sure to get some of their delicious bread to sop up the juices left over from the main dish.  
Wild mushroom ravioli with lobster was next and that was one of the highlights of the evening.  Subtle flavors and deliciously wrapped in perfectly cooked pasta pillows.  Loved that.  Finally, we had yet another appetizer - the barbecue shrimp and crawfish over rice noodles, which totally rocked.  This is a great dish that's just slightly spicy in the creole style and absolutely delicious.  
We don't often plan to repeat restaurant visits when we return to cities but we'll certainly be back to this one.A very classy off-bourbon option on exchange place.
amazing service, beautiful art, great piano bar should you need to wait (reservations highly recommended), and incredible food.  and the prix fix is amazing.  has all but a few things from the full menu including lobster, lamb and the flounder (all btw, very VERY good).  both steaks are delicious. I was luck enough to sit between two friends who each ordered one AND couldn't finish.  lucked out.
the lamb and the flounder are possible the best options.  the baked oysters are good but not as great as some reviews lead you to believe, but the gumbo is off the charts. and the lobster is amazing if you have the appetite for it and aren't afraid of the rachel rae school of cooking (i.e. it tastes like it was boiled in butter before being stuffed with scallops and prawns).Impeccable service. Had goat cheese salad-perfect. Quail appetizer-delicious!  White chocolate bread pudding-OMG. Nothing about this place is second rate. Will be back.I'm a foodie and have been to over 100 restaurants in New Orleans. Pelican Club is definitely in my top 5. The baked oysters shouldn't be legal they're that good.We only came for dessert here and we're sorry that we didn't have a chance to have a full meal. The desert, their white chocolate bread pudding, is something I won't forget as long as I live! The place is big and really beautiful inside. Try it if you're in the Quarter.The food was delicious ! I was here for a work dinner so I didn't think it was appropriate to capture pictures of my meals at the table LOL. 
I ordered a Moscow mule to drink and you can't go wrong with that. My steak was cooked to perfection just how I asked and the bernaisse sauce on top was amazing. 
We ordered appetizers for the table : shrimp and oysters. Both were delicious. The shrimp did take me by surprise tho...it still had its head !! Lol 
Awesome place would definitely go again.Went with a big group. Service was very slow and several of the meals were not good... Surprisingly some the seafood dishes were the worst (avoid the whole crispy fish and bbq shrimp app).We had appetizers and drinks in the bar area. Jason made us a sazerac drink that was  pretty awesome! He gave great wine recommendations that were all really good. The oysters and ravioli were the best!The soup (corn and crab bisque) was very tasty, the stuffed ravioli were awesome, the flourless chocolate cake was done well but paired quite oddly with mint chocolate ice cream which made it  a miss.  The main dish was a filet steak order mid-rare.  It was delivered at a medium cook leaning towards done and was nearing roast beef quality.  I've had better steak for a fraction of the cost at a ma and pa steakhouse.   Overall the cost did not reflect the quality of the food.  Will not return.This is the type of place that I consider as "Fine Dining". White tablecloths, elegant pictures on the wall, and just an overall upscale place. In all the pictures, there was a person wearing a triangle hat. I guess that was just the artist's thing. When we first arrived here, there was nobody else in the dining area we were sitting at, so I was skeptical. However, the main course was terrific. I ordered the Louisiana Cioppino. I know, sounds fancy. It had Gulf Shrimp, scallops, and mussels over linguini with tomato sauce. Not sure I tasted the difference between Gold Shrimp and Atlantic Shrimp, but it was tasty. The seafood came in a pot on the side and the waiter place the seafood on top of the linguine. How nice. Plenty of seafood and linguine, so my hunger was satisfied. They also have options where you could get a 4-course meal, but I didn't feel like spending the additional money. If you are looking to eat fancy and/or take a girl out that you actually like, this is probably a good option.Definitely a place Id come to again. The food was great and the ambiance was definitely pleasing. The service was good and the drinks were made generously *wink*. Its slightly pricey but worth it.I was impressed with the look of the restaurant and had high hopes...but the place did not deliver.  Eating in NOLA ain't easy for a vegetarian, but this was plain bad. The caesar salad was fine/standard/passable, but for entres they had next to nothing except something off-menu, which per the chef was a "tofu special with grilled vegetables." I assumed that means grilled mixed veggies, but what I got was boiled tofu on a bed of green beans. I don't even like green beans.  I didn't specify that, but who would've seen that coming?  So my dinner was a few cubes of silken tofu.  To add insult to injury, the place doesn't have A/C...and it was 86 degrees inside the restaurant, no joke.  
Punchline: Thumbs down.  Was the worst meal of the week. Might grab a drink at the bar, but I wouldn't go back  for food when there are so many delicious options in NOLA.ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!  Atmosphere is great, the wine list is extensive, the service was impeccable, and the food was exquisite.  Highly recommend the Clay Pot BBQ shrimp, the Seafood Martini Ravigote, and the lobster & shrimp entree.  The bread and olive oil is also delicious, so don't fill up on it like I did :)We had a great meal here.  Drinks were good, waitstaff attentive and dessert yummy. Had the pork chops. Coconut pie was amazing.We were short on time so we ate at the bar.  I ordered the scallop stuffed artichoke and seafood gumbo. Both dishes were very good.  Our sever was also very nice. The place is very nice. 
I wish I had gone back for a full dinner!Three of us went there last night, and it's still a favorite.  We often wait until the last minute to decide where to eat, which often limits our options on a busy Saturday night.  I called and they were able to give us reservations within 15 minutes of my call.  I can tell you that the quarter was so busy that most places were booked for the night.  When we arrived, the restaurant was packed.  They were really being slammed.  We all thought that the kitchen would crash and the meal and service might not be good tonight- we were happily wrong about that.
Despite the chaos, the servers were excellent and brought calm and order to our table.  We all ordered the prix fixe reveillon.  
Standouts included:
 the turtle soup- nice and thick, with just the right amount of Sherry
a creamy oyster soup, which was very good
 baked oysters on the half shell with applewood-smoked bacon, roasted red peppers, parmesan and garlic herb butter- perfectly baked, with just the right amount of moisture inside- very flavorful
 lump crab and shrimp cakes, which were loaded down with lots of crabmeat.
 pane'ed Drum with jumbo lump crabmeat with creole meuniere sauce
and jalapeño hollandaise- a giant filet, very flaky with generous crabmeat on top, nicely paired with a glass of pinot grigio
9 oz Filet with bearnaise sauce- very high quality
white and dark chocolate bread pudding
chocolate decadence cake  (both very rich and delicious)
Our waiter was attentive and unobtrusive.  It was somewhat loud, but that couldn't be helped because it was packed.  We were seated next to a big table of loud, dressed-up sorority girls which was annoying at first, but they thankfully quieted down. Lighting is appropriate, but the far end dining room needs to have the walls updated- walls have been a kind of off-putting orange for years, but it's not a big deal.  Seating is comfortable.  Four quality courses for around $50.00 each is worth every penny- a great value for your money.The way to go here is the 4-course prix fixe menu, which will set you back about $50 but it's a good value for the amount of food you get. 
The breakdown:
Creamy oyster chowder: Now it might have been my craving for Nawlins oysters, but the chowder was fantastic stuff.  My favorite dish of my meal.
Mushroom ravioli with lobster, with brown butter sweet potatoes: It was okay, but I was hoping for more.  (Perhaps it's not a fair assessment, since this was the day after the outstanding gnocchi and lobster dish I had at Revolution).
Whole crispy flounder: The moist fish came off the bones easily and it the crispy parts were nicely seasoned by the chili sauce. The plump shrimp and lobster bits were a nice bonus to a full plate.
[an aside - who knew flounder had Piranha-like teeth!]
Berry sorbet and berries: after such a heavy meal it's all I could attempt.  Nice and refreshing citrusy berry flavor with the perfect amount of tart.
The "lagniappe" was a sweet touch: how can you go wrong with egg nog and bourbon?  
If I could I would give this place 3.5 stars.We ate dinner here tonight.  I will be honest, based on the other yelp reviews I thought this place was going to knock my socks off - it didn't.  The food was good but not great.  Our waitress was friendly and helpful but by the end of our meal she was spread too thin and couldn't spend enough time with any one table.  Our water glasses  were empty for a bit before she got back to us.  We tried the four course prefix menu.  We both had the potato leek soup which was tasty.   I had the goat cheese salad next while my spouse had the quail and grits.  Mine was good but not great.   The quail and grits were outstanding.  For dinner I had the rack of lamb which was good but not outstanding (I had lamb chops last Saturday at Irene's and they were absolutely outstanding.  These didn't hold a candle to it).   My spouse had the double pork chop which was good.  We both had the coconut creme pie which was very good. 
To summarize, I expected outstanding  and received "good" instead.  There are so many outstanding restaurants in NOLA this just isn't one of them - not to say it's not good but for the price tag associated with it, it should be outstanding.Food and service were overall excellent.  The pecan pie, however, was disappointing; served unusually hot.  Otherwise, a great meal.Southern, classy ambiance & great food!
We dined here with a large party on a busy Saturday night, and it was a great experience.  We had reservations, but had to wait a bit when we first arrived, not a problem since there was a welcoming bar in the front of the restaurant and plenty of cocktails to choose from.  Once seated, our server was friendly and greeted us immediately, keeping her smile throughout the meal.  The rest of the service staff was also very polite and attentive, making sure that drinks were never empty and everyone remained happy throughout the meal.
The majority of our table enjoyed ordering from the Four Course Menu, there were so many options, definitely something for everyone.  The gumbo was deep and flavorful, balanced nicely by some of the lighter items on the menu such as Ceviche or Italian Salad.  All starters were delicious, pretty hard to go wrong.  For entrees, diners with our party said that the steak was cooked well and very good, while I can attest for the Cioppino as being bright and flavorful, with more than enough seafood for one person.  The pot was HUGE - definitely would recommend sharing with a friend.
We will continue to recommend this restaurant to others (this was our second trip here after being introduced the first time by a life long NOLA resident), the location is great and we will likely be back!  Cheers!My boyfriend and I made last minute reservations Sunday night at the Pelican Club. We spent 6 days in Nola and dined out each of those nights - so you can imagine our palettes had a culinary experience! 
We had the seafood martini, crab bisque, cat fish and shrimp and lump crab pasta. The seafood was fresh and everything was well seasoned and cooked to perfection. 
The cocktails, also worth mentioning are not to be missed. We were impressed with the blending of flavors all while infused with fresh ingredients. 
The ambiance was romantic, perfect lighting - booths that were the perfect balance of spacious and cozy. Art from local artist lined the walls and gave the main dining room a unique flair.
And the music was sooo good - think Motown's  greatest hits. 
Now the most memorable part of this experience and it was just that was our server Kelly. She was warm, personable and had knowledge of the menu. We got to know each other which I loved yet she wasn't overbearing not interrupting our private moments. The maitre d and other server can't recall his name (he was a fellow New Yorker though) were also great! They had great energy when communications with each other which helped to set the tone. 
Although it was late - we were their last reservation  Kelly never rushed use and treated us like her very first table! Oh and I almost forgot the bread pudding - the best I've ever had bar NONE! 
So if you find yourself in Nola searching for a culinary experience head straight to The Pelican Club. They will not disappoint!Visited in September.  This was the best meal I have ever had.  Everything was wonderful.  Will go back somedayThe only reason I'm giving this 1 star is because 0 stars is not an option. This was hands down the WORST experience I ever had at a restaurant. It's unfortunate because it was my first time visiting New Orleans and we chose The Pelican Club after lots of research - we were so excited to eat there!
Anyways, we were there during this coolinary restaurant week, which came with a pre-fixe 3-course meal. We settled in around 9:30 and all ordered our appetizers. I got the baked oysters, which came out right away - they were fine, not exactly review-worthy but it was a good start to my meal (or so I thought). Around that time, our waitress came over to let us know they were "a little backed up" in the kitchen and that our entree would be out shortly...
2 HOURS LATER our food comes out. During that entire time our waitress went MIA and the manager only asked us if we wanted water (really?). We finally got the manager to give us an ETA on the food, only to have it come out and all of our plates (except for one) were lukewarm or cold. It was incredibly disappointing, if you're going to make us wait for 2 hours for food - at least get it right, boo boo. Throughout that entire ordeal (and we weren't the only ones complaining), we noticed that the place wasn't even packed! There was 1 big group we could see and a number of smaller groups. They were so behind they left a bunch of tables in the adjoining room dirty with plates and glasses after the parties left.
So we obviously returned the food because it was gross, the manager never came over beyond asking us for water, but did give us a round of drinks and took the bad items off the bill. When our waitress  resurfaced, she literally started tearing up in front of us and vowed to never work Saturday nights again. She gave us a list of restaurants to check out that are better than The Pelican Club (you know your place sucks when your own wait staff is recommending other places to eat). And we left, never to return again...The food and service were amazing!!!  The lobster was cooked to perfection and the appetizer Asian style crispy calamari was big enough for a meal.  I'm  anticipating the creme brulee as I write this review.Most of my meal was good (though not extraordinary) but the lobster, my main dish, was over-cooked to the point of chewy (as was the shrimp), perhaps to cover the fact the lobster itself was low quality. A piece of the lobster was so bad I had to excuse myself to throw it up. When I brought this up to the waiter it was not comped, which mean I had to pay Way to much for a bad piece of lobster... New Orleans is filled with great food, you don't need to waste your money or time on this one.Adam and Jason were awesome! My wife and I sat at the bar for dinner before a show. The food and drinks were phenomenal!   I recommend the whole fish and crab cakes.I've come to the conclusion that having a bad meal in New Orleans is the exception.  I love this city.
My meal at The Pelican Club was very good.  I started with the seafood and corn bisque.  Very flavorful and just thick enough to be called bisque without becoming pudding.  
For my main, I had the rack of lamb.  When it came out, I was a little nervous because it was blackened on one side and I was afraid it was overcooked, but it was a perfect medium rare and the blackening added a lot of flavor.  The relish and potatoes were just the right sides to complement the sweetness of the lamb.
I had the creme brulee for dessert.  It was ok.  The custard was more like a pudding and I didn't see any vanilla bean seeds floating around.
Service was friendly, prompt, and attentive.  Very good meal.Delish! And HUGE portions, considering how fancy the food is. Whenever my dad comes to visit, I always take him here.I have eaten at the Pelican Club for years and never have I had a bad meal. The food is always consistent never fussy and always incredible. Everything is fresh and the staff is very accommodating and professional. The wine list is very good and affordable. I love the interior and the location is right behind the 8th District police station. Very safe and always a wonderful experience. I highly recommend this rare find.Coolinary month is the best time to check out restaurants that you haven't gotten the chance to visit. I had heard good things about this restaurant but just wasn't sure. I decided to bring along a couple of friends and we were not disappointed. Felix and Jason took great care of us! The food was delicious. We will definitely be making a return trip in the future!My husband and I first came here three years prior to our most recent visit. We were visiting Nola (had not yet made the big move) and stumbled upon this place by accident. Back then, I had the panko crusted lamb chops and my husband had the lobster. A-mazing. There was also a piano man in the front bar area. The experience was overall fantastic. Oh, did I mention the BREAD? Mmhmm. 
Well, we always said we would be back. Last night we went again after reading that their seafood cioppino (snapper, mussels, clams and scallops tossed with a tomato sauce and served over linguini) was the best in town. Ladies and gentleman: it was awesome. We split it, which was more than enough as I couldn't finish mine. We had it with a French Malbec (on recommendation from the bartender, who was very pleasant and attentive). 
Don't be scared by the prices. The food is top quality and it is well worth it!Hoping for a fine dining experience with my foodie wife - what a disappointment. The food was well prepared, but bland and lacked any flavor.  Service was a bit over the top.  Given the prices we paid, the average tasting food, and the number of other excellent restaurants in the area, we were very disappointed.  Go to NOLA, August, or Bayona instead.A really spectacular time at a slightly "off the beaten path" NOLA restaurant. I've been to New Orleans many times and eaten at all the greats. I'm now adding The Pelican Club to my "short list" of the best that New Orleans has to offer. 
Great service, classic NOLA dishes and some wonderful "spin" on some classics, too. The baked oyster app. is perfect, as is the crabmeat and mushroom ravioli. The lamb is great, the duck trio is fantastic, too. Service was spectacular... attentive and professional (ask for David; he's the best there is).
I can't wait for my next trip to New Orleans so I can visit again!This is always a good option when in New Orleans.  The Pelican Club has been here for years serving up great food and drink in a lovely location.
I wish I could remember our server's name as he was great!  Pleasant and helpful, he took great care of our table and we are not the easiest people to serve given all the dietary restrictions many of us have.  He also gave us the 4 course meal price even though we ordered things that weren't on that menu.
I started with the crab and corn bisque that was quite tasty. My next course was the ceviche which is always fresh and delicious!  And while not that interesting, my NY strip steak was perfectly prepared and sizzling hot!
And please don't leave without trying the bread pudding for dessert.  I am always too full to eat it (or so I say) and then the darn thing is gone in a flash!
It clearly appeals to the older clientele as we were probably some of the youngest people in the place but I don't care.  It consistently serves up good food and isn't that what a restaurant is supposed to do?
Lots of options to please even the pickiest in your group!  It's worth a check out if you are in town!Weekday amazing food and beers. Great price. Great service. Fun environment. Clean bathrooms. We highly recommend.I ordered the four course meal and was disappointed with my experience for the second time. For how much I pay, I will not be returning after some of the worst service I've experienced and mediocre entrees. My friends suggested it after FQF because our reservation for elsewhere wasn't for another two hrs, and although I had previously been and left unhappy with the service, I thought I'd give it another try. Last year when we went for a birthday dinner, the waiter was so rude about us bringing the birthday girl cake, splitting meals, etc that she left in tears after his treatment toward us. This time, we had the SAME waiter who made my friends feel inadequate for asking questions about the menu and for requesting more bread. 
My drum topped with crabmeat came out room temperature, while the creme brule was nothing special. To top it off, my friend pointed at a roach on the floor and while we prayed it was just an olive, it started crawling beneath customers' feet. 
Pros: the complimentary bread was delicious, and the coconut cake was to die for. Moist, light, and not too overwhelming of a coconut flavor. Pretty interior and an option for outside if the weather permits.Four of us had dinner on a Sunday evening. Lots of people eating there made for a noisy dinner, conversation almost impossible. Two of us had the whole fish, one had rack of lamb, and one had a salad for entrees. My whole fish was extraordinarily good and I would give the restaurant five stars based on that but I deducted a star for the noise.Pelican Club; it's prob great if you're having a rehearsal dinner for a lot of people you have to feed, but not necessarily impress.  
Service was absolutely top notch. 
Food less than impressive. Pre-made and uninspired are the best adjectives. 
Won't return.I was brought here for my birthday and what a gift!  We started with a lagniappe of Champagne, they knew it was my birthday before coming in and they anticipated my experience thoughtfully!  The Chef sent out some delish scallops!! I ordered the Filet and Truffle mashed potatoes, Amazing!! The Server Randy was very knowledgeable about the menu & wine list. The staff was very friendly and the atmosphere very inviting. This is a perfect place f.or "date night" or a first date.  I highly recommend.Absolutely incredible and worth every penny! Every morsel was perfection. From the drinks to the 4 course meals. We savored every bite! And our waiter was helpful, efficient, and fun!Outstanding service!  Outstanding food and fabulous atmosphere!   Most delicious flounder-whole- just yum!!!!Service was decent, although my table was missing silverware and I had to wait to eat my appetizer. Cold calamari? Just not a good start to the meal. Food was overall good, great concepts but lacking in execution in a few areas. For one, if I order filet I want it rare, seared, cold in the middle. Not medium rare, RARE. That is probably the only thing I'm super picky about when eating, and why I usually don't order steak unless at a steak house. Had to ask for refills on waters and wine, another minor downfall. Dessert was amazing and honestly saved the experience. Will be back as it's my moms favorite, hopefully next time will be better.Amazing restaurant. I would give it a 4.5 if I could. I had the 4 course fixed menu with the Gumbeaux (Gumbo), the arichoke stuffed scallops, the surf and turf (lobster, filet mignon med rare, scallops & crabcake) and the vanilla bean crème brulee.
Everything was amazing (with the exception of the filet mignon) Would definitely come back!Crispy flounder was done just perfectly and paired well with jasmine rice and asparagus. Service excellent. Couldn't give it a five due to noise level. No way to carry on a conversation.Beautiful bar. Lovely location in the heart of the French Quarter. Knowledgable and friendly staff; courteous and professional. Great food. Good wine list. You won't be disappointed.This place offers extraordinary value for the quality of food that they offer.  This is a bit of a hidden gem that many people miss due to its location in Exchange Ally across from Green Goddess.  I've enjoyed many dinners and some private events here and always had a great time.  The service sometimes has been less than expected when it gets crowded but I train waitstaff pretty well that if they don't pay attention to me I will go to the bar for a drink in a heartbeat before waiting for them (thus diminishing their tip).  It can sometimes get loud in here but that usually doesn't bother me (and it doesn't approach the levels of say the Oak Wine Bar).  The food here has always been outstanding and the prices much lower than expected (especially during certain times of the year) so this place is probably the best value in the entire French Quarter for fine dining!!!I love dinining in this restaurant and bar! My favorite place to eat every appetizer on the menu. From escargot to delicious baked oysters to scallops-- all divine! The wine pairings with dessert are very well chosen!! I'll come back each time I come to New Orleans!The service and ambiance was as great as I had recalled.  The food though, I think may have slipped a bit.  My daughter's steak was spot on, so the chef new how to cook a steak.  My wife and I had the 'crispy whole flounder'.  The sauce was delicious but the dish was also kind of a failure.  If you're going to crisp a fish, what good does it do to cover it in a sauce that will make it not crispy?  The turtle soup was a bit heavy on the sherry.  All in all not terrible by any means- just not as good as i had recalled.My first time to New Orleans and as I was following a wedding march I happened to stumble upon this place. After a long day of sight seeing this was the perfect spot for an elegant and hearty meal. Love the live piano player, the beautiful tile floors and the spacious dining area. But the food is the real star here- I ordered the stuffed Porkchops- unbelievably delicious! For desert, the most amazing Bread Pudding- something I know I could never replicate in a million years. And the wait stuff was warm, fun and hospitable. The Pelican Club is a true gem!This place has a fantastic atmosphere and something for everyone. Everything on the menu is great. It's a nice hidden gem in the French Quarter. It is on what appears to be a side street and it's easy to walk right by it. You must try this place.We had a private party rehearsal dinner for 40 people to celebrate our son's wedding. The food was fantastic. The service was also great. Everybody told me what a wonderful time they had. Our only problem was the acoustics. The noise level was so high that we couldn't give any toasts to the bride and groom. I wish they had recommended a microphone. I would definitely go back to The Pelican Club. In fact, I'm looking forward to it!This restaurant is a truly great representation of New Orleans cooking as well as graceful New Orleans hospitality.  There is a clear representation of passion in the food as well as clear evidence of a well organized and professionally run restaurant.  The wait staff is impressive and personable and demonstrates the benefits of a happy and cooperative work environment.  While this is a clearly a very up scale establishment it is also very comfortable.  The atmosphere is perfect for a special occasion or nice indulgence.  The dishes are excellently crafted and executed giving you everything that you might want.  The menu is accessible and thoughtfully organized with a wonderful prix fixe option.  Best of all for me was the wine list which was expansive enough to encourage a good conversation with our helpful waiter through which I learned about the Chefs dedication to the wine as well as the food; which makes me very happy.  The cost was less than I expected to pay when I planned the evening and I was thrilled with all aspects of the experience.The service was incredibly slow- so plan to be patient. It took 30 minutes from the time we were seated to the time we got our drinks. The food is very southern, but not so creative with the flavors. Not a curated experience but a good experience if you want a southern experience.Among  top 2 or 3 restaurants in New Orleans. I've dined here 5 or6 times and every one 5 stars. Great wine list, well-paced serviced, and lovely atmosphere. Had dinner again there last Wednesday and one of our friends from San Francisco (there are a few decent restaurants in that town!) said it was the best meal she had EVER had!!!!
Killer crab and corn bisque topped with Park Cognac, crispy red snapper with scallop and shrimp, perfectly turned medium rare filet, and a pecan and bananna croissant bread pudding that still has me drooling!
Don't miss this slice of heaven in NOLA!!!Really enjoyed our food and ambiance. Service was excellent food terrific and price... Well can't have everything I guess. The prices were not outrageous just higher than expected for the quality. It's not a 5 star but dang close.I have had dinner here every Jazz Fest for the last three year and usually enjoyed the food. This past Friday we continued the tradition but were disappointed by slow, overburdened service and an uncomfortable customer indifference in the quality of food preparation. In fairness however the staff responded to my complaints by adjusting my bill. I might just return next year in no small part a consequence this culinary gesture of mea culpa.Came here to celebrate a birthday for a friend, this place has phenomenal service and the meal was definitely delectable. I loved eating here and although it was quite loud, it was definitely a great vibe. The meal was priced higher than normal and I realized it was well worth it! The fish literally melted as I ate it , it was delightful I definitely plan on eating here again.It was Sunday evening on pre Mardis Gras weekend.  The service was prompt and attentive.  We chose the four course pre fix menu.  We had the crab corn chowder which was served at a perfect temperature.  I chose the goat cheese salad and my companion had rabbit.  Both were well presented and delicious.  The main courses were HUGE!  Very tasty!!  We had the pan fried gulf fish and whole fried flounder.  I recommend that one of you order individual appetizer and starter and the other the prefix and share the main course. Enjoy!So delicious! The bartender made me a spicy martini and I loved the yellow fish tuna. The restaurant was upscale but not overwhelming. Highly recommended if visiting New Orleans.Jason and Adam took great care of us last night! Fantastic apps and dessert. Quick service. 
We ordered the seafood martini and crab cake appetizer. Best crab cake I've ever had. It has just enough breading to cover. And LUMPS of crabmeat. Basically the best way you could ask for it. MUST GET. 
Had pecan pie for dessert with ice cream and it was the perfect ending to our trio. 
Sit at the bar and dive straight into the food stuff! Definitely recommend and can't wait to go back for an actual sit down meal with entreesFirst stop here. I eat in New Orleans about 15 Times a year. Always try to find at least one new spot each visit. The BBQ rib app is very unusual and special. Red Fish was prepared very well.
Not many spots are on my return list for each visit but Pelican Club is in the running.Great dinner.  Food was outstanding and the atmosphere and service were exactly what it should be. We ate in the bar area and really enjoyed the piano music during dinner.  Our waitress was knowledgeable and very courteous. All 4 of us were pleased and we will return.Thoroughly enjoyed my meal this evening. Service was excellent and unobtrusive. Food was great from the seafood martini to the duck followed by the coconut cream pie   Priced fixed meal was truly a bargain for both quality and quantity. Can't go wrong. Have eaten here previously and has never disappointedThe best meal I had in New Orleans during a week long stay so that is saying a lot.  I had the filet mignon, which had to be the best I've ever eaten.  The scallops and artichoke appetizer was excellent too.  Service could have been a tad more attentive but for this kind of food I'm willing to give a little.  Will definitely go back the next time I'm in NOLA.Probably one of the best fish dishes I've ever had! If you are in New Orleans don't miss this place!Called at 5:00 p.m. and received a 7:00 p.m. reservation for Saturday, March 20, 2010. Surprised by how easy it was to get a table considering that our first two restaurant choices were sold out for the evening. Excellent service, beautiful wine list and great food. The lobster special was excellent, the steak was "one of the best I have had" according to one in our party. This was our second experience at the Pelican Club; on our first visit, we had a baby romaine salad that was one of the best ever. This trip was equally as memorable. A beautiful room, considerate service and excellent food.Solid southern food in an old school space.  Food was a little on the heavy side, and the space is glamorous in a tired kind of way, but that's why you're in New Orleans right?
- Caeser salad was decent but probably a pass.  Should have gotten the gumbo (obviously), looked amazing.
- Fresh fish was fantastic.  Heavy on the butter but man was it good.
- Get the bread pudding.Hands down my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. The atmosphere is unbeatable. I love the wine list, cocktail list, appetizers and especially the desserts. The bread pudding is the best I've had. The service has been impeccable every single time. You really can't go wrong anywhere on the menu, and the wait staff makes excellent suggestions. I would have to say my favorite appetizers were the baked oysters and the scallops with artichokes. Their trio of duckling is outstanding. I also love every seafood entree I've tried, and I've been here plenty of times. Can't wait to return!Stopped by last night for an app and a cocktail and now one of my favorite spots in NOLA. The food was deliscious and the very best service from Jason. Love his hospitality and attention to detail. We've already made plans to go back.New Years Eve in New Orleans, we scheduled a Reveillon Dinner at the Pelican Club. Not cheap.  Alcohol was extra from the fixed menu.  The fixed menu was actually full of choices and with the choice possibilities, selection was difficult.  Appetizers, we had the rabbit and the scallops.  Perfect.  Entrees, my wife had the lamb and I had the duck.  The flavors were delicate, bright and deep where they needed to be.  For a special dinner event I would certainly consider coming back.
I would just mention that the woman at the next table told us she was very unimpressed with the meal because it took too long for the courses to come out and her soup, potato, same one I had, was not hot and she expects soups to be hot.  To all that I say she is missing the great aspects of fine dining.I wish I could say I had a wonderful experience dining at The Pelican Club.  I have enjoyed exceptional dinning there on previous visits to New Orleans and wanted to share the experience with my husband. We were there Friday September 2nd (Labor Day Weekend) We ordered cocktails, an appetizer and a salad and selected a bottle of wine.  We also splurged on ordering Filet Mignon and Maine Lobster with Jumbo Fried Shrimp.  The cocktails were great, he  was enjoying his Escargot while I was enjoying my salad.  When I was half way through my salad I observed one of  the wait staff heading towards our table with a tray.  He hesitated  and turned away and placed the tray on a stand.  I inquired if those were our meals.  He said yes and I asked him if was just going to leave them there.  He picked up the tray and exited the dining room.  I didn't see our server, but got the attention of another staff person and told him our meals were delivered much too early and we expected fresh meals to be prepared because I was not spending top dollar for meals that were siting in the kitchen for 15 minutes under warming lights.  I was then able to get our servers attention and told him my concerns, and he said that the kitchen would prepare fresh meals and that this restaurant would never reserve the meals.  Then the manager approached the table and said he understood we had problems with the quality of the food. I replied that we had concerns with the timing of the delivery of the food.  I reiterated that I was not paying for meals prepared ahead of schedule and sitting in the kitchen waiting for us to finish our first course.  Contrary to what our server said, he replied that he would have to check with the chef about my request for fresh meals.  A few minutes later he returned to say that fresh meals were being prepared and exactly five minutes later they were delivered to our table.  The steak was as ordered and my lobster and shrimp seemed fine but the roasted potatoes on my plate were cold, which made me question exactly what happened in the kitchen.  Hot roasted potatoes were brought out and the meal was very good, However the over all experience was ruined.  All the wait staff seemed very attentive to us as we dined and when we left the restaurant the manager jumped up from his chair at the hostess station.  But, bless his heart. I had nothing more to say to him.  It may seem like a minor problem, but it should never have happened at a restaurant of this caliber.  Reheated fast food is what one expects at Popeye's not The Pelican Club.Stopped in for a quick bite at the bar before catching a flight. The bartenders Lindsey and Jason were wonderful they recommended a good wine along with the scallops, which were delish. The conversation along with the food was great! I would definitely go back for a full dinner next time I am in town.Perfect! Nothing more to say. We went in on Halloween night and they were really busy. We asked about the bar and we go great food fast at the bar. The food itself was absolutely amazing. I go to NOLA couple times a year and I know Louisiana food this is it. AAAAAA++++++++My husband and I went to celebrate our 6th wedding anniversary. We were running a little late, spoke with the hostess and she was very pleasant and understanding. When we arrived we were given an option of seating which was nice. Being it the month of August we did the Coolinary Menu. There were a multitude of options for each course. The food and service was absolutely great! This was our first time at the Pelican Club and we will definitely return to try other menu items. My husband ordered: Lump crab cake, Pan seared New York strip steak, and Bourbon pecan pie. I ordered the crab and corn bisque, Pecan crusted catfish with popcorn shrimp, and white chocolate bread pudding. We both enjoyed our meals and of course tried each others food too. At the end of our meal our servers gave us glasses of champagne to celebrate our anniversary.Oyster apppetizer was superb. Maine lobster was great, but the vegetables accompanying it were lackluster.  Room was kinda bare and noisy but  the ambience colorful, service was good but not great. Presentation was nice but not unusual. Overall, it was good but not really memorable. 
Kinda surprised there wasn't more fish on the menu, given the name.It's in the French Quarter, but not a tourist restaurant. Get the baked oysters, escargot and paneed fish with blue crab.  Great wine list. Service was outstanding as well. Thank you Chef Richard for yet another excellent meal!Good food, appalling customer service!! This is a nice restaurant spoiled by its arrogant, self absorbed management. It's not as good as it obviously thinks it is. Get your feet back on the ground and treat all of your customers with respect!!Love the it!!! We went to New Orleans for a vacation and the have the best food i ever eaten!!! Now we try to copy the dish i had. Best food ever!!Ambience was nice. The menu was beautiful and the food was great. 
The service definitely needs polishing. 
If you're looking for a nice meal that's not heavily recommended this is a great place. If you're looking for a "dining experience" there are other fantastic restaurants in the French Quarter that prides themselves on server excellence.Over the course of three trips to New Orleans my wife and I have dined in well over a dozen restaurants for dinner, many on the expensive side but some more moderately priced. Regrettably, the Pelican Club was the only one we haven't liked. 
For one thing, this is the noisiest restaurant we've been to there. We know that many good restaurants in New Orleans are far from quiet, but the din sitting even outside of the main dining room was really loud. Granted, we were there at the peak hour of 8 p.m. (on a week day), but it didn't get much quieter at all as the night went on.
As for the service, it was pleasant enough in terms of the initial greeting, explaining the menu, etc.. But it took 40 minutes and a reminder to a waiter passing by (our own waitress apparently having forgotten about us) to get our main course after we finished our appetizers. And no apologies or even acknowledgement of the delay when it finally arrived. 
In addition, even though there was decent space between tables (which was nice), one server must have bumped my chair four or five times while walking past us. Not a big deal, but not very professional.
As for the food, one appetizer (featuring scallops) was pretty good though not great. But the seafood "martini" appetizer was bland and forgettable. And the two mains we had - a trio of duck pieces prepared in different ways and a crusty fish (cod or flounder, I believe, though I don't recall for sure) both had overly sweet, similar and otherwise pretty tasteless sauces. And the fish was certainly overcooked.
Bottom line: I would not go far as to say that we had a terrible time, since we love each other's company and were able to talk over the noise. But whether out for a romantic, business, group or simply good meal, you can do much better in most other places in New Orleans.Nettes restaurant im french Quartier. Ist mein 2. Besuch dort und war auch dieses Mal sehr gut. Ist etwas höher preislich aber trotzdem empfehlenswert.
Wir hatten gegrillte Austern und Escargot als Apetizer und dann  das Lambrack und Lobster. Alles super und Dr Service war ebenfalls Klasse. 1 Stern Abzug gibt es wegen der Weinkarte. Die Preise waren doch etwas überzogen speziell bei den Weinen die man auch kannte.So why is it that this establishment is rarely mentioned when speaking of the city's amazing restaurants?  Not nearly as well known as many of the others but as good, if not better, than most of them!
Let's start with the dinning room - classic, understated, and very pleasant.  You may not be overwhelmed but you will certainly feel comfortable in just about any setting - date, business dinner, large or small group, or even dining alone. 
Now for the food...overall excellent!  On a recent trip the baked oysters were amazing.  Cooked perfectly and the toppings didn't kill the briny oyster flavor. The Duck Three Ways - outstanding! Each of the preparations had its own unique flavor and texture.  The dirty rice was the bomb!  Dessert? I kept it simple - the coconut cream pie.  All I can say is damn...what a slice of pie that was!  Not too sweet, good coconut flavor, perfect creamy texture.  With apologies to my late grandmother it was the best coconut cream pie I have eaten.
Wine list - solid. Not the most extensive in the city but there are some good choices (and a couple of good values if you look closely).
Service - ok.  The service can get a bit slow when the restaurant gets busy.  But hey, this is New Orleans, relax and enjoy the wait.
Bottom line: Really, The Pelican Club deserves more attention that it gets.  This is a great restaurant folks!Wife and I love N.O. so we're visiting from Philly for our anniversary, just so happened to be restaurant week and we picked the Pelican club for dinner first night.  Very underwhelming, especially for the price!   The gumbo was great, but calimari tasted like old oil and bread was too toasted. Wife ordered shrimp fettuccine which was just bad; could have been out of a can and been better. I ordered gulf fish; it was good, but not great.
After an hour we just asked for our dessert to go. Waiter noticed she hadn't eaten anything so we told him she didn't like it; he offered us some gumbo to go.
$140 later and she had 2 cups of gumbo and they sent us home with the wrong dessert order.
Skip it.Awesome appetizer! Get the clay pot bbq shrimp shrimp! The atmosphere is inviting and not too loud.A diamond in the rough!  grrrrEAT pomegranate martini, nice atmosphere, amazing service. We'll. Be. Back!  #bartenderLINDSAYrocksOf course we tried it from restaurant week! I've heard nothing but how great the pelican club was, so I was looking forward to it. 
First off, do not order a drink at the bar and expect to bring it to your table. You have to drink it all before entering to your table. Really?! The bar belongs to the restaurant!! 
We got seated fast with reservations, but they informed us they were out of LOBSTERS!! Omg!! It was only 8:30 and the restaurant wasn't packed. I was so upset because that was the only reason I came. I ended up ordering the oysters for appetizer, and steak for dinner. The steak was flavorless. My friend ordered the fish and it taste like it poured soy sauce over it and called it a day.
I do not recommend going to the pelican club at all! The 2 stars is only for the decent service and our food coming out on time.Jason and Nathan took great care of us, and the food was excellent.  Wonderful duck trio and cool atmosphere.My boyfriend and I decided to come here for Restaurant Week.  The menu had some good variety compared to many other participating restaurants, so we were excited to see what The Pelican Club is all about.
We were seated in time for our 8:30 reservation (shoutout to the hostess/Maitre d'...didn't catch her name but she was very warm and friendly!) and noticed the nice decor.  It felt modern and chic, like a good setting for a business meeting on a smart political dramedy on HBO (although the tile floor wouldn't do well with the sound equipment.)  There were quite a few large businessmen jovially imbibing in our proximity, so I assume I'm not the only one who feels this way.  
Anyway, our server (whose name also escapes me...a pleasant young man with what could have been an Eastern European accent) explained the menu (small complaint: recycled paper printout menus for Restaurant week...would have been nice to have a fresh one) and got us started with some delicious cocktails.  My beau enjoyed a Pimm Royale (on point) and I went with a drink that appeared to be named after an old British man with a sizable mustache (Winston or something) made with Hendricks, lime, mint, and cucumber.  It wasn't quite the best cocktail I've ever had, but it was certainly elegant.  Later we had the Barnard Griffin cab (from a decent but slightly disorganized BTG wine list) and a Black Orchid (orange vodka, creme de violette, and some juices.  Pretty great!).  
Now, onto the food.  Like I said before, the Restaurant Week menu had a great variety so it was easy for us to find exciting-sounding dishes to try.  I went with the crabcakes with shrimp remoulade and fried green tomatoes, followed by the Korean BBQ dish (a name which I couldn't read but our server pronounced great!  Way to go!), and white chocolate bread pudding while my "honey" went with the baked oysters, filet mignon, and creme brulee.  Yum!  The Korean BBQ was a really interesting and impressive dish, though the bread pudding was about on par with most bread pudding I've had (delicious but not exceptionally so).  Also, the bread was pretty great.
One complaint...our server took our picture at the end of the meal and there was quite a bit of head space...what's that all about?!
Ambiance: 4/5
Would have felt out of place if we weren't dressed up, but that's not at all a bad thing!  There was something slight missing from the ambiance that I couldn't place; perhaps the decor was a bit bare or disjointed.
Service: 5/5
Every employee we interacted with was very friendly.  We didn't ask any questions so I can't personally say whether they were extensively knowledgeable but they certainly seemed so to me.
Food: 4/5
Some dishes were more interesting than others but nothing fell flat.  All served in a timely manner in good portion sizes.
Drinks: 4.5/5
I loved the featured cocktail list and thought it was very creative but like I mentioned earlier, the wines by the glass list was a bit sloppy.  
Overall it wasn't an experience I'll find myself craving down the road but it was still a wonderful evening of merriment and deliciousness!  Glad we're members of the Club!I usually don't like to bash anywhere, but we had high expectations from this place. It was our friend's birthday and came here after a Pelicans game. We had a reservation at 8:30 and called during the game and asked if we could move it to 9:45--they close at 10. I know that's not ideal for servers that want to leave and have fun on a Saturday, but they stop taking reservations at 10. We were rushed as soon as we got there and the server seemed SO ready to go. We saw him mouth" awww ****" when he was seated. We ordered drinks, and  when a girl that was with us asked for a second to look at the menu, he said"Well it's 10:15, cough cough". The food was decent. The Sazeracs were not. Not the experience I was expecting. Service needs word.Split the four course meal with a gf. It filled us up and was super yummy!Just celebrated my birthday here and it was phenomenal. The food and service were outstanding and they were so helpful with some guest's dietary restrictions. If you ever want to have an evening of pure gastronomic enjoyment in New Orleans, visit this restaurant. The staff assured us that even though Hurricane Nate was heading toward the city they would not cancel our planned event. Now that shows how fantastic their customer service is.A hidden gem, fairly certain you need to know its there, you will not stumble upon it.
White linen, fine art and amazing food in a beautiful setting.
The rabbit was the hit of the evening, never have I had rabbit prepared as I did at Pelican Club.  I'm seriously considering driving to New Orleans now, it was that good.I am surprised to say this was one of the best meals I ever had, and I never admit that lightly.
My wife and I visited New Orleans in August and we were recommended to go here by some friends.  Since it's almost hidden down an alley I would've never in a million years thought to go here and our concierge never brought it up. (We were staying right around the corner.)
My wife and I had the three course Prix Fixe and I could not believe how much food you got.  My first course was a cup of really good gumbo.  I've only had about 4 different gumbos in my life but if the roux is supposed to be a rich brown buttery roux then they nailed it.  Best Gumbo I've ever had...so far. 
My second course could've been the entree.  It was a roasted quail over wild mushroom grits with a perfectly sauteed piece of Fois Gras on top.  SO YUMMY!
My main course was duck 3 ways.  Pan roasted sliced duck breast, Roasted leg of duck, and shredded BBQ duck.  Yes, it was as big as it sounds and nothing was ala carte.  My main had 2 sides which are eluding me, but they were good.
Surprisingly my wife got the Korean lettuce wraps.  Not exactly "when in Rome" but my neighbor is Chinese and cooks Korean Galbi all the time.  Man, they nailed it!
Then for dessert I had the best bread pudding I've ever had.  I can't remember what my wife had, all I could do was focus on my bread pudding.
Overall I'm shocked this place doesn't come up more on searches for New Orleans restaurants but I guess there is some strict competition.  We went to Cochon and Nola but honestly this was more enjoyable. (Not saying anything bad about those places however.)The food here was fabulous!!  Currently they have a pre fixe menu for $33 and i was expecting small portions, but left completely stuffed and with leftovers!  I started out with the seafood martini, which is lump crabmeat, shrimip (1), and lobster pieces over a potato salad.  The sauce on top blended all the flavors nicely.  My sister had the spring rolls with fliet mignon and my dad had the scallops atop artichoke hearts (which he gets EVERY time we go to the PC; not on the $33 pre fixe menu).  The entree that I chose was a pan-seared fish with lump crabmeat and jalapeno hollandaise was fantastic; fish cooked perfectly!  For desert the choices included a white chocolate bread pudding, coconut cream pie, and creme brule.  We had to try one of each and all were definitely a return trip to the Pelican Club.  
It's a classic French Quarter restaurant and the location is great, down a quiet alley with the traditional FQ architecture.  Just beautiful!  I highly recommend this place.  I think you'll need a reservation on the weekend to prevent waiting.First trip to NO continued with dinner at Pelican Club..went with a party of 6 and I was worried due to mixed reviews on here but I was pleasantly surprised. The food was awesome. I had the 8 oz filet mignon...perfect and no fat on it...mashed potatoes were great and so was the bread. The guy next to me liked his lamb chops and everyone else liked their seafood dishes.  The service was friendly and the place has a nice ambience.  High quality meal so far best Ive eaten here and nice service. Price isnt awful for what you get and desserts looked awesome though I didnt have any.  Easiest 5 stars Ive given and if you read my reviews I am pretty hard to impress but this place impressed me a lot.  Would def recommend to anyone looking for a high quality meal in New Orleabs French Quarter.This restaurant never disappoints. A must try in the city. The lobster is fantastic and the lamb is out-of-this world. Cocktail menu is on point as well. Wish they would bring back the Bees Knees! That pre-dinner cocktail really was the bees knees.The 4 course deal: the bomb.
I had :
Gumbo- very good
Their baked oysters app - amazing
Whole fried flounder w scallops and shrimp, covered in incredible Thai chili sauce- spectacular!
Coconut Creme pie- light, tasty but was full, could barely taste it!Great little place in the quarter! Staff is super friendly, prices are great, food is awesome!! Definitely get the ceviche and the quail! The bread is also amazing. It will not disappoint!Excellent good portion size great food and wine! Coolinary specials and crab vales are the best in town, loved our table in the bar overlooking exchange alley valet parking x streetWill not go back.  Ordered filet and asked if I could have mashed potatoes without truffle. The answer was no.  Ordered anyway and hated it. Creme brûlée was gritty and not at all creamy as it should have been.  Won't go back. Husband had flounder and loved it but he will eat anything.When my food arrived I tasted shrimp that tasted like a mouth full of chlorine, when I told the waiter his response was "oh,I'm sorry." Then when my fish had bones in it he finally offered that I order something else.Then at the end of the evening the manager came around asking how the meal was, I must of gave a funny look so he says very loudly " OH!! YOU MUST BE THE ONE WHO THINKS A WHOLE FISH SHOULDN"T HAVE BONES IN IT!) chuckle chuckle!Just had dinner here and it was excellent! It is Coolinary Week in New Orleans and this location has an extensive selection. Something for everyone! My partner had a whole lobster stuffed with shrimp and scallops. I had steak that was cooked perfectly. In addition,  the servers were attentive and took great care of us. Would definitely recommend!It's a bar field... We ordered a dozen of chargrilled oyster on happy hr which is $7.50 with a purchase of alcoholic drink. They were OK. They give you 4 pieces of bread with all that sauce to dip in. I requested more bread they were happy to bring me more. The oysters are not the best but it's cheap. You get what you pay for. Service was good.Jason the bartender was exceptional!  He was considerate, attentive and had amazing suggestions for NOLA fare and cuisine.  The Pelican Club is a "must go" for food and drink!The food here was okay. I went in for a birthday dinner last night with six guests. Five out of the six got the 4 course meal option so I tired a good number of appetizers and entrees. Some things I recommend: duck trio, cioppino, steak, lobster app, seafood martini, baked oysters. Overall the food was up to par but the waitstaff was miserable. 
To start off, we had a reservation at 7pm and showed up at 6:40 with my boyfriend. The bar had a total of 6 people (including the 2 of us) and all other customers had drinks/already ordered. It took the bartender over 10 minutes to greet us and then another 10 to put in our drink order. By that time, the rest of the party had arrived and we couldn't get the bartenders attention to close/transfer our tab. I wouldn't normally had an issue with this if it wasn't for the bartender paying minimal attention to us since the minute we walked in. Maybe he was slammed with the restaurants drinks but I was a bartender before and it was just plain rude. I watched him after we ordered and he continued to mess with the computer instead of making drinks for either us or the restaurant. I got a good idea of what the back of his head looked like. 
I honestly feel bad for the wait staff because dinner was not much better, with the servers seeming slammed (plates left on the table for +10 minutes after everyone was finished, wine glasses left empty to where we had to repeatedly ask for the bottle we bought to refill) and lets not even start to talk about drinks which, we timed, took +15 minutes to get to the table (if not longer). My sister's husband ordered 3 Seagram 7 on rocks and he kept getting more and more watered down drinks where all the ice had melted by the time it got to the table. 
I know I sound picky but when we spend $600+ for 6 people I expect better service.I went to this restaurant based on the menu and a few reviews on yelp. I had the duck and it was dry, that is very difficult to do.  The food was just OK, in a town with amazing food OK is just won't cut it. Just not worth the caloriesI cannot begin to describe how fab this food was! 
I enjoyed the crab cake immensely. But fell head over heels for the Drum Fish.   Although the sides could be improved. The pan roasted potatoes were just ok. 
The Pecan Pie was just "good"...not bad but not quite at par with the other dishes.Amazing atmosphere and terrific service. Our sever was very helpful in all of our selections from wine to entree. I had the crispy whole flounder, which was fantastic especially if you are ok with a fish head staring at you. Everything was cooked to perfection from flounder to scallops and shrimp. Yummy side of asparagus and green beans over a bed of rice. I highly recommend.So so food, indifferent to non-existant service (we got handed off from one waiter to another mid-meal), very noisy, no willingness or ability to meet our requests (bread, more water). With so many wonderful restaurants in the area, there is no reason to go here.Had the 9oz. Revillion Dinner.  Oyster and fennel soup was amazing, quail with grits as well. Filet was a bit bland but that's my personal opinion. I like a bit of kick to my steaks. Warm Pecan pie with vanilla ice cream, outstanding. The service was equally as good.Went here for NYE dinner and the atmosphere was good and server was friendly. However, for a 90.00 per person set dinner there were some issues that I would not have expected for a supposed fine dining experience. A scallop was rotten and the lamb was overcooked along with an over-cooked lobster. Dessert was good and the there was a good wine selection. Atmosphere was good and location is off the beaten path which made the ambiance worthy of a nye dinner.Very rare is the occasion that service issues will completely tarnish my view of a restaurant. Unfortunately that was the case last night at one of my favorite restaurants in the city. To say we were rushed would be a gross understatement. Several times throughout the meal a cocktail glass or wine glass was picked up by the server only to be placed back down because it was not empty. Several times during the meal, with fork in hand and food still on the plate we were asked if we were done. We dine out quite often and have never experienced anything like this! We have always loved the food here and last night was no exception but sad to say we will probably not return.Great atmosphere with friendly service. Great seafood at reasonable prices. Had the LOUISIANA CIOPPINO - IN ITS OWN POT...Gulf Fish and Shrimp, Scallops and Mussels With a Side of Linguini in a Tomato Basil Sauce which was cooked perfectly.Great service and the weightier was super helpful on the wine selection. Made my trip to New Orleans very enjoyable. I usually do one fine dining when I travel and was not disappointed by the Pelican Club.I have been coming here every few years and in the past it's been great 
I understand it's Jazz Fest and you want to make as much money as possible but please, the service was awful and the food was not much betterThe Pelican Club is in my top 5 favorite Nola restaurant list.  I've been there countless times and only once did I have a meal that was less that wonderful.  Great service.So disappointed:( $140 dinner and was very unpleasant, from the appetizer to our lamb entree. It was as if they were trying to pack as many people in as possible during Jazz Festival! 
We have an apartment here in NOLA & are always pleased with our dining experiences BUT The Pelican Club disappointed us all the way around!Hopefully just a bad day...
We were sadly disappointed by our experience here after it came so highly recommended but clearly something in the kitchen had not gone well. 
To be fair the appetizers were quite good. 
Our entrees came out immediately after we had finished appetizers (both plates were very hot to touch, we think they'd been under the lamps for a while and the order had been messed up), the steak undercooked and the pork overlooked and tough. 
For the first time in my life I had to send food back and talk to the manager. I thought I'd give them a chance with steak instead. 
When it return both steaks were wrong (we think they had mixed up which was medium and which was medium rare so we swapped and it was reasonable). 
From a place highly recommended here on yelp and by our concierge we had one of our most disappointing experiences in the USA.Do not leave New Orleans without eating at The Pelican Club! Absolutely amazing food, drinks and wine. And our bartender was amazing she helped us order and was lovely to chat with. I love the little charming alley it is in. We had the best crab cake ever and I am from Seattle and my friend from Alaska. The red snapper and pecan pie were favorites too.I have had dinner here every Jazz Fest for the last three year and usually enjoyed the food. This past Friday we continued the tradition but were disappointed by slow, overburdened service and an uncomfortable customer indifference in the quality of food preparation. In fairness however the staff responded to my complaints by adjusting my bill. I might just return next year in no small part a consequence this culinary gesture of mea culpa.An excellent hidden gem in the French Quarter...They do it right with the pick-three menu - choose an appetizer, entree, and dessert for a set price. They have a varied menu, but it is not overbearing. The wine by the glass options are very solid. I was between a 4 and 5, but I went with the 5 because of the ambiance. High ceilings, background noise, romantic, classy (but not stuffy) - kind of an old world charm. Your literally right in the French Quarter, but not on Bourbon (rather, sophistication). So, give it a shot, and definitely try the mint chocolate chip ice cream dessert. 
You won't regret it.
Overall: 4.5 / AAbsolutely fantastic sit-down dinner place with charming old world decor, entertaining and eager servers, and absolutely delicious food. The wine was great too. We were a large group, and had a lot of variety on the table, and everything was delicious. The baked oysters were interesting and definitely worth a try. The ceviche was fresh and light. The pork was amazing. All other dishes were delectable. 
The only negative I'd mention is that on their website, they advertised the "Coolinary Dinner Menu," but when we sat down, they said it was not offered at the time. 
But other than that, splendid place and worth a visit for a special evening or a large dinner.Came here for dinner. Had the following:
- turtle and alligator soup. This was not good. Too much bay leave overwhelmed any other flavors.
- baked oystets. This was good. The chipotle sauce that came with it was good too.
- whole crispy flounder. This was not good. The flounder itself lack flavor. The flounder should have been seasoned before flash frying it. The citrus chili  sauce that came with the flounder seemed watered down. It was not flavorful enough to carry the flounder.
- paneed gulf fish with crab meat. The fish lacked flavor. It was not seasoned before frying. The hollandaise also lacked flavor.This restaurant is worth the price. I would definitely go with the four course dinner so you can try a variety of dishes. You won't leave hungry cause you get a soup, appetizer, entrée, and dessert. Went with  a large party and everyone liked their soup and appetizers. Had the whole main lobster with a few shrimp and scallop. Lobster was split so it wasn't too difficult to eat. Topped with a beurre blanc sauce, although should have come with butter to dip the claw meat. Dish came with side of potatoes and veggies. The bread pudding for dessert was pretty plain and somewhat bland. Friend ordered the coconut cream pie and raved about it. Overall a great dining experience.The service hands down was horrible. Our waitress never came back to refill any drinks. Our reservation was at 9 and we sat Over and hour and 45m before our food arrived and they forgot to order my food, so after the other 3 people finished their meals mine finally arrived at 11pm. The waitress was so rude. My friend ordered the lobster dinner and after some time she came and informed him they were out of lobster and he was disappointed.. then she said well next make an earlier reservation..... which we tried and certainly did not want to eat at 9 let alone 11pm but we heard good things and wanted to try. Then while sitting and sitting and sitting without anything to drink,  their food arrived and she still never came to refill anything. And as she handed them their food and was walking away my husband asked her about my food since everyone but me had some, she gave a look and asked what i ordered... obviously she forgot to order mine and when it finally arrived she set it down and walked away. AND we never had water or a drink refill. This whole process took over 2 hours. The food was good but unfortunately the terrible service overshadowed that for us. I was actually shocked how terrible the experience was. I really wanted to like it here. I do not recommend it unless you have hours of your time and arent hungry or thirsty. I gave a star because i had toLast week was the second to last week of coolinary and of all of the coolinary menus we have seen during the summer theirs was absolutely the best.  I had their seafood gumbo for an appetizer and lobster for an entree.  These are both always on their regular menu and both were amazing.  My husband had the seafood martini and the pecan crusted drum, which also are both on the regular menu.  It was an amazing dinner and we will definitely be back very soon.  Also, I forgot to mention the coconut cream pie which was fabulous.Made a reservation for last night to sample the Revillon menu. Sometimes you go to a restaurant and the prixe fixe menu is... Lack luster. Pelican club was OUTSTANDING.
We had a drink at the bar beforehand, quick bartenders spun tasty cocktails, and we were about halfway through then when our table was ready. Server was prompt and knowledgeable, the room was classy but not stuffy, and the noise level was perfect - intimate, not obnoxious.
The menu was amazing. 3 soups, 8 apps, 8 entrees and 5 desserts to choose from. The turtle soup was hands down amazing and the Louisiana Cioppino took the prize as entree of the night. The desserts were delicious but torture because we were so full by the time we got to them. 
We are torn between wanting to tell all of our friends about this place and wanting to keep it our little secret. We will be back!We had Reveillon dinner here last night for Christmas Eve. The restaurant came highly recommended. I can't recommend it myself, though. The place was so jammed full of tables that the wait staff could barely maneuver between them to serve. We  witnessed one "red" headed bespectacled waitress yell "get out of my face!" to our waiter. The food was woefully undercooked. We also watch other diners scream for their waiters and then complain about their food. The cocktails were good, though! Overall score: food 0, cocktails 8, floor show 9.  Definitely an off night.We had dinner here twice and each time was delicious.  Would like to shout out to Terry, Marcus,  David and our very best favorite server Mike.....and of course ....Kari who set up our arrangements and was a pleasure to talk with.  WOW....what's what....the NY strip was to perfection.....the Rack of lamb was the best we have ever had.....The baked oysters....perfectly prepared....Escargot tender and served with a pastry puff top....The bread is baked here daily and is a compliment to your meal.  The pecan pie was good but I'd like a flakier sweeter crust.....I ordered a Ramos Fizz and it was not in anyway, shape or form a Ramos Fizz (well, I'm sure they put an egg in....but that's about it).....I did not send it back as everything else was perfect but PLEASE....learn how to make these "local" drinks.....Speaking of which is the NOLA Bloody Mary....topped off with.....olives, cocktail onion...green beans and a few strips of crispy BACON.....is a must.......but that's a different story at a different place.....I've been to Pelican Club three times.  Each time I had the same experience.  The hostesses are always very dry.  The waiters are always very nice.  Weird.  The appetizers and deserts are amazing.  The entree's kinda suck.  I ordered lobster the third time and the first time I had a bite of someone else's.  Both times it was flavorless and tough.
All in all if you must eat here, order an appetizer as an entree and get the Mint Julep to drink.  It is amazing.Amazing quality of service, great bar, good menu, great atmosphere, and quality of food.  We was visiting New Orleans and someone had ref. Pelican Club for us.  The manager had provided us a great corner bench and everything was top quality.
Thank you for your services.
Jack 
Anaheim Hills CAWorst dining experience I might have ever had!   Food was marginal at best.   But,  the primary reason I am giving it this rating is due to the fact that this restaurant was miserably LOUD.   The four of us sat at a small table and we were challenged to be able to carry on a conversation!   Could barely hear what our waiter was saying.   Couldn't wait to get the check and walk out the front door.   Only positive - Burt was an excellent waiter.   One and done!Oysters were great. Seafood dinner was ok and the bread pudding to die for.Local friends took us out to dinner at the Pelican Club and it was the best meal we had while visiting New Orleans.
We all ordered off the Summer "Coolinary" menu, which offers a 3-course prix fixe menu for the low price of $35.  This is a steal, as their normal 4-course prix fixe varies in price from $43 - $52.
For my first course, I selected the zesty chicken, shrimp, and andouille sausage gumbo.  This packed a tremendous amount of flavor and the right dose of heat.  I did find a small chicken bone floating in it; the waitress noticed this when collecting our plates, apologized, and gave us complimentary hot beverages at the meal's end.
I tried something a little different for my entree: the Paneed Gulf Fish with jumbo lump crabmeat.  This was topped with a creamy sauce AND jalapeno hollandaise (two of my favorite words combined!), with potatoes and veggies on the side.
Dessert was a vanilla bean and brandy creme brulee -- it was good, but nothing spectacular.  Maybe I was already wowed by the rich food we had already consumed.  This went well with my calm herbal tea.
We also shared a bottle of red wine (our friend ordered it, so I'm not sure what it was, but I would guess a tasty Merlot).
This meal was a tremendous value in a quiet setting (it was early on a Sunday evening, but I heard that voices can echo loudly) with exceptional service.  Our waitress had a fun time bantering with us and this added to a pleasant experience.  I'm glad we could experience this restaurant when in town.I am a vegetarian... There weren't a whole lot of choices for people who don't eat seafood or meat in this place... but they do have a decent mushroom dish and a tofu dish that I didn't order. The wine list is fantastic. The portion is huge.  Their strawberry infused vodka lemonade is so yummy... a must try if you go there (but it's a seasonal special.)AVOID AT ALL COSTS. My 3 friends and I came here on NYE and ordered the $100 pre-fixe meal. The food was horrendous and the service was that much worse. The night started when we arrived for our 7:15pm reservation and we weren't seated until 8:20pm. Once we sat, we all ordered our food and my boyfriend ordered a medium rare steak that came out extremely well done. He sent it back to reorder it as medium rare while we all ate our food. When his steak finally came out, it was absolutely raw and inedible. My boyfriend wasn't able to eat his food and when he told the waiter, she disappeared for about 30 minutes before returning with a solution. Her solution was "the manager will be with you shortly." The manager, a complete asshole, came to our table appearing extremely irritated and proceeded to say with attitude, "you have a problem?" My boyfriend told him that for $100, he didn't get an entree and the service was terrible. We told him that we weren't going to pay the $100 since we didn't receive 1 entree and that the entire experience was beyond horrible. The manager told us to pay for the meal and that he couldn't do anything for us, or that he would call the cops. Call the cops! He was such an unprofessional "manager" that clearly feels entitled by the given title. I've never been treated so terribly at a restaurant that charges $100/person. I wouldn't come to dine here if the food was free and I strongly encourage anyone who reads this review to avoid his restaurant at all costs. Disgusting food and unprofessional management and service.The service was good. The food was alright. I was expecting a lot more from the food. The green beans were blanched and mushy. The fish was mushy, like it was frozen for too long. I had to send it back and replace it with the flounder which was cooked much better. Still at the end of the meal I was a little disappointed.Amazing food and atmosphere. Excellent service and if you get the chance to sit in the bar while someone is tickling the ivory on the piano, do it. The Pork Chop is not to be missed and the Gumbo is good too.
A++
Chris from ChicagoI ate here with 4 other people on Saturday Jan 29 on the recommendation of a local.  It was FANTASTIC!  I had the whole battered/fried flounder and it was out of this world.  The bread pudding for dessert was excellent as well.
Highly recommend... great service too.Something I love about the Pelican club is its consistency. EVERYTIME I go there, I know I'll get great food, great service, and a good atmosphere. I love going there with my wife and sitting in a booth. She loves the seafood martini, and I love to get the ribeye. You can literally get crab thrown on top of anything. The fish is prepared well, I forgot what type, but I had a whole fried fish once. Shocked me when it came out, b/c I didn't realize I was going to get such a huge portion. Honestly I never have a bad experience here.It was a tough call between this and the Green Goddess next door, made easier by the fact that the Green Goddess was closed when we walked up.  Both came on a recommendation from friends familiar with the area and Pelican Club turned out to be our favorite experience in all of New Orleans.  
When you approach the main entrance this place looks way too fancy.  When you head around the side the bar entrance is much more inviting, particularly to the 2 of us dressed in doctor scrubs for Halloween.  
We sat right down and I ordered the standard Bourbon Old Fashioned while the fiancee got the Pimms Cup.  These were the best 2 drinks we had our entire trip to New Orleans.   The Pimms Cup was the perfect blend of tart and sweet and blew away all others we had in New Orleans, including Napoleon House.  My Old Fashioned was also perfect, and was even made with real Maraschino cherries, not the fake ones you buy from the store, these had a rich almost purple color to them and were amazing in their own right.  I had to order the PImms as my next drink after sampling the finacee's while she switched to something like a french gimlet with St. Germaine in it, also phenomenal.  
On to the food, The Pelican Club baked oysters were so good I had to order a second round, maybe the best thing I ate the entire time in New Orleans.  The scallop stuffed artichokes were also pretty amazing but after the oysters it was tough to compete.  We ended up with the hearts of romaine as our dessert.
It is hard to describe the entire experience and why it was so amazing.  Sitting outside the main restaurant we got to see all of the New Orleans color here.  On one side were 2 ladies in full sleeve tattoos and pink hair, on the other a weary business traveler, and walking in and out were everything from couples in their 80's dressed up for fancy dinners, and a couple dressed as ancient Romans (it was Halloween).  The Saints game was on the flat screen above the bar, and everyone regardless of age, sex, or dress, stopped in for a score.  We were befriended by an amazing local as well, dropping off his daughter at school in Loyola, an LSU man himself.
Upon leaving we got waves from the bartender, the owner/host, and even the table where our new friend sat with his family.  It was simply the most welcoming, amazing, lazy, 2 hour slow food experience.  I loved this place.The food was good the feel of the restaurant is quite upscale but I felt like the food it's self wasn't up to that standard the main features of our dishes the lamb & lobster were great but the other items potatoes & veggies were lackingJason the bartender is the greatest of all time!!!!!! Amazing food and made us feel at home. I am so glad I found this little gem in the heart in NOLA. Get the rack of lamb. So great!