Super slow slow slow cook. Great bar otherwise. Need better service. Wish I could review the food. But 42 minutes for nachos and still not to arrive for another 5 min equals cancelled order. Lame. Nice bartender though.Amazing sports bar!!  Super accommodating in the games we were trying to watch even though it wasn't a popular game. Please come and support this bar/restaurant!!!  The bartender, Kat, was wonderful!  And the manager, Jim was the best!!!  Made our experience and we will definitely return. Great place to visit while in NOLA!!!What can I say except cheese wiz. The mac and cheese tasted like they just dumped the noodles in cheese whiz, gross. The nachos were just chips in cheese wiz not terrible if they cost 2 dollars and you are in a college dorm. Besides that the atmosphere was fine but you can find a better place to eat.Great place to watch the game! Fried pickles are made fresh not frozen!  I also had the black and blue burger.  Might have been the best I've ever had. Blue cheese was amazing and the buns was as good as you can find.Such a great time here during our visit!! Loved the bartender, Jonathan!
I dragged my friend here to catch a football game, and while the match was disappointing, the bar was great! I think it benefits from not being on Bourbon, because the crowd was great. Not wild and crazy, but fun and lively. From what I saw there was a healthy mix of tourists and locals alike, and many people were there to catch the March Madness mayhem. There were plenty of TV's and they were broadcasting all the sports matches anyone could want.
We chilled by the bar for most of the day while waiting for our friend to join us, and all the while made friends with other patrons and Jonathan. He was easily the best bartender there and knew what he was doing. I can't stress just how great he was at his job - made awesome drinks, also made sure everyone got their drinks, kept the bar area in control, and was a really nice and funny person to talk with. I don't really have much to say about the other bartenders because one was on the other side of the bar so I didn't get to interact with her, and the other one had just started working that day. Props to her, though, to make St Patrick's day her first day at the bar. Found out on our next day back that another bartender was a wreck and drank too much on the job, though. :/
I wasn't a fan of the food here but I think that's just because I was picky? My friends loved it all.
The bathrooms - can't vouch for the men's room, but the women's restroom was spacious, and clean, which isn't something you can say in most bars. 
If we come back to New Orleans we'll definitely make a pit stop here!Service was good. Food was mediocre at best. TV's and set up was probably the best part.Consistently the best sports bar in the Quarter since it opened last year and getting better.  We started going just for games but we find ourselves there more and more.  Best tvs.  Great bartenders and service.   Good bar food,    Best wrap around balcony in the lower quarter.    Very nice job on the remodel.   It's simply excellent.   Nice upstairs and down and great outside tables if the game is not your passion.This is as great a menu fare for a bar as you can find around   The chef is very talented and the menu is not your ordinary bar food.. . it's bar food classed up.   Prices are very reasonable.  I've been there several times.  Favorites are the beet salad. . huge and tasty, the burgers are great and served in numerous combinations from classic to gourmet.  The meat is seasoned and cooked to perfection.. . The buns, while fresh and tasty don't hold up as well, but you aren't there for the bread.   I had the chicken. . tender, juicy and flavorful.  The bar is clean, well decorated and friendly.   As far as beers and liquors, great choices at reasonable prices.  It's nice to have such a classy place to watch the game on the lower end of the Quarter.   I highly recommend this place.  .especially as it's one of the few bars in the Quarter that doesn't allow smoking.  Just step outside if you do, and step inside if you want to get away from it.  Keep up the good work.Great location in the French Quarter and always a good mix between tourists and locals.  Lotsa TVs with the games of the day on and a staff that I think wants to do well but unfortunately my last 3 visits have been disappointing.  Recent food order was to go, sat on the counter for 10 mins and when I asked and reminded it was to go, it still sat there.  Customers are also go ignored for extended periods i.e. 20 plus munutes, if the bartenders are engaged in social conversations with friends.I'm not one to be shitty with reviews but this place was truly disappointing for me at least! So went in with a group of friends everyone else seemed to have an enjoyable drinks at least. The place wasn't busy at all as a matter fact it was in the middle of a downpour. Everyone pretty much ordered beers I thought I'd go out on a limb and order a double rum and coke. The person I was sitting with also said that sounds good I'll do the same. Now once again being a restaurant professional for 23+ years I sit and observe when I go out it's what we do. I felt so bad for our server who said it was only her third day. This poor kid was running around the entire bar not even knowing what she was trying to make while the bartender stood at the end bullshitting with what looked like employees or friends. 
When we got our rum and cokes I took two sips looked at my friend and said dude this is straight Coke. Now mind you I'm not an asshole so I didn't make a scene I just simply asked our server can you put a rum in the rum and Coke. The manager came out who was totally cool and said hey guys I'm sorry about what happened let me make a new drinks. I said listen I get it but when she brought the drinks back it really tasted no different than the first ones. 
One reason I'm giving this crappy rating is I watched the "bartender" give half cup shots to other people sitting at the bar while I sat and drink a soda!!! I mean seriously when you walk into a bar with 10 people you should probably really try to take care of those people instead of your dildo friends drinking PBR at the bar. I mean I'm just saying!!! Other than the crappy service and the lazy bartender the place has a good atmosphere just not sure if I happen to be there on the wrong day. Also the bartender seemed more concerned with the fistfight that was happening outside across the street then taking care of her patrons. That's the only thing you guys need to remember not everybody is a dumb tourist just visiting the city! 
I want to say thank you to Robert the owner for reaching out to me about said bartender. I sincerely appreciate it and I'm glad you received similar feedback. You have two great of a place to allow someone like that to destroy your reputation. I will definitely be back and recommend you to my friends in the future!Great (clean) sports bar!!  They have plenty of TVs so everyone can watch their games.  The owner was very nice and came by to talk to everyone.  The food is great (giant mozzarella sticks and LOADED fries) and the beers were cold.  I can't ask for more than that.  Great time here.I'm all about the experience and this place delivered. We wanted a good spot to catch the Hawks on Sunday night football. Rob greeted us right away, we had our drinks quickly and he played great music during the commercials while still being spot on getting the game sound back on. I'm so glad we ended up there, having previously sat in a bar down the street for 10 minutes with no greeting or drink order taken. Good atmosphere, lots of tvs and very friendly staff.Happen to find this gem by just walking around and so lucky we did. We watched all the morning games and part of the afternoon game. What I liked most about this sports bar was the size and how they had outside seating with multiple tvs. It was so gorgeous out, so I would watch some of the games inside and some outside. We also ordered the Buffalo hot wings and they were delicious. If your looking for a fun sports bar where the staff is friendly definitely come here.The bar wasn't even half packed and we placed our order on time and waited 45 minutes and never received our order.  We saw others who came and sat down after us receive their food. When we looked for our waitress she was bartending and said she would check on the order. We waited 5 more minutes didnt hear anything back so we told another waitress to cancel the order. The rudest and poorest service ever and it was after lunch time.This place is a hidden gem in the French Quarter. There is a beautiful balcony with plenty of seating including a chaise lounge, big comfy chairs, umbrellas for shade and even outdoor TVs lining the balcony. No other place like it!More bar than restaurant. Device was slow and drinks were over priced. There are much better bars and restaurants than here. Save your money and find a more authentic NOLA experience.This is my favorite place to watch games in New Orleans.  Every time I come here, I have a blast.  The owner is awesome. The service staff is great.  Solid bar food.  Also, every time I come here, my sports teams win!  What more can I ask for!  Btw, a lot of TV's!Killer bar and vibe. Great barkeep- checking all the time on quality and quantity. I totally recommend this bar. Great foods too!I don't give five stars lightly.  I give these guy 5 only because they are unique..  Yes there are a lot of bars in the french quarter..  Yes, it's easy to find good food.. Unless you are looking for buffalo wings !!  This is the only place I've found down here that gets them right, (and I spent 6 months looking)..  Their Thursday Crawfish boil is a great deal as well.. generous portions, great price (by comparison to others), and very tasty.
On another aspect, this is one of the cleanest places in the French Quarter.. Everything is shined up and you don't stick to the tables like they still have yesterdays beignets on them..  I smoke cigars so the no-smoking policy is an undesired uniqueness that I'm not crazy about but they have nice outdoor tables so everyone is happy.Stopped in last night to catch the Canelo vs GGG fight they had a 30$ cover upstairs to watch the fight which wasn't extremely bad it was mostly standing room only. Nothing much to really say here the wings were real good drinks relatively cheap good people good vibes.This sports bar was recommended to us by the bike rental place after hearing that we wanted to watch the Cardinals football game. We enjoyed the atmosphere, friendly staff, and the mix of locals and tourists.Cute, little sports bar with lots of tv's and they actually show UFC fights! I had the BBQ hamburger which surprised me was really good! My bf had a chicken sandwich which was equally yummy! Will go back next time we're in NOLA.Wow. This bar is amazing! The owner and the bartender Steve...just a perfect team. I legit cannot find a single thing to complain about. Being here watching a playoff game repping the Warriors I felt at home in my neighborhood bar. The food. The service. The drinks and the customers just makes this a go to place. Recommend this spot to anyone.This is a good place to watch a game (18 screens), and have some snacks. 
The burgers are made in-house, have seasonings and onions in them, and are generous. The BLT was good, and the house salad with grilled chicken was great.Great sports bar. Great atmosphere! Open air. Great 2nd floor balcony! We're often in town for college football. Shows every game. Great food! Personal service--even from the owner. Owner will make sure you know what screen will be showing your game. Great music played during commercials!Good atmosphere, but a bit loud.  Great place for rowdy fans.  The ladies may want to leave the guys there.It's our first time in New Orleans and we hear of this great weekday oyster special!  But when we get there, there's NO oysters. We wanted information on the boxing fight they were showing and the staff was not sure of any of the information . It's ok we'll get some appetizers while we sit and cool down but wait the kitchen is closed! We still decided to give this spot a second chance and bought tickets to see the boxing match. It was cool we got a table and tv for our small group. I really wanted to give this place a good review but the service was horrible I'm still waiting for my menu and drinks. We saw the waitress ONE time the whole night and never came back. Very disappointedWe got to this bar 2 hours before the start of a game 7 NHL team to secure our spot. We were assured we would get the game.  20 minutes before the start the channels reprogrammed on us and after several inquiries we were told that our game would not be available.   Very annoying and unacceptable. Forever dead to us. Bu-bye!Awesome place to watch football games in and near by the French Quarter. Huge Tv's which I loved and volume up high just the way I like it!  They not only have Giant T.Vs downstairs and upstairs but they have outdoor balcony seating where you're able to change the chanel to any game of your choosing.  
My only negative would be they had the Saints game playing on a little T.V on the back wall with no volume and had Broncos and Eagles on the giant T.V with volume. I thought that was weird considering we were in Saints country. Other than that great place to watch all games if you play fantasy football or are just a huge football fanatic. 
Drinks well priced,  wings hit the spot... cool place to watch all the games.Great place to watch a game! TVs all over the place!.. even upstairs. Friendly staff and good food. I had the Cobb salad with blackened chicken and fries for an appetizer. I strongly recommend the parm & truffle waffle fries. They are amazing!Visiting for New Years and the Sugar Bowl... looked on Yelp for a good spot to watch the games. This place had good reviews especially about the food so we decided to try it... hate that I couldn't give it more stars because the ambience is perfect for sports. TVs everywhere... the bartenders were great. unfortunately the food was bland... ordered cilantro lime wings and some fried pickles and jalapeños. The couple across from us ordered a burger, wings, chili cheese fries and nachos... they didn't eat much of their food either... I decided to ask their thoughts on the food in case it was my taste buds plus I would have ordered something else if they had raved about their food. Unfortunately they said the exact same thing but did say the regular fries were good. Never did find that duck sandwich...A S S. Bar catered to our football needs. Robert is a great guy/owner. We spent 11 hrs there and drank fireball until we all became gingers like the guy on the left. Papa was a proud boy at that bar. Great people. Cheers Robert!
-RiklesThis place is a disaster.  Waited 10 minutes before someone took our drink order.  Took another 10 minutes before the drinks arrived.  Ordered food when drinks came we ordered red beans and rice and a Cajun burger medium.  It took 35 minutes before the food came out.  This place was nowhere near crowded and the waiting was not isolated to us as I watched someone walk up and stand at an empty spot at the bar and after 10 minutes walked out with no drink.....  Oh and my 35 minute burger came out well done and was dry and tasteless.  I usually don't write reviews but this was such a bad experience I felt the need to warn everyone else!!Stopped by here a couple times for some football watching while on a business trip. Solid sports bar out of the way of the Bourbon st debauchery. Beer prices are decent and the selection is pretty great.Great service, food and drinks. Great experience for a first timer. Bartender came to table and thanked each party individually.Had such a fantastic time watching the Saints game here Sunday. The food was awesome and it was such a lively and cheerful crowd! I really enjoyed taking breaks to sit on the balcony overlooking the French quarter! Get the loaded cheese fries!!Visiting from out of town and was excited this place would play the Warriors game! Drinks very reasonably priced
The bartenders were awesome and nice but the owner was pompous and talked to us for 45 min about his high salary which seemed unnecessary and was off puttingGreat place to watch a game and the service is excellent.  The food was not good.  The nachos were brought out and the cheese wasn't even melted.  A repeat great drink prices and great place to watch a game but not so much with the food.If you are looking for a great, clean bar in the French Quarter to watch any sports game without the grimy Bourbon feel then this is the place to go! Located close to the French Market and Frenchmen! This is an awesome place for locals and where tourists can feel like a local!Had a great time hanging out at this place! I have been a few times before and sat on the balcony. This time we sat at the bar upstairs. The staff is wonderful and helpful, and they are also pretty funny. They go out of their way to make sure you are having a nice experience and cater to both locals and tourists alike. 
This is a great place if you just want to sit on a balcony and people watch, or if you want to sit at a bar and socialize. Downstairs is usually busy, but upstairs is always very pleasant. 
DEFINITELY worth going and hanging out for a while.This is a fantastic sports bar! They show all the day's games. The bar is smoke free and the staff is very friendly! The clientele is fun and respectful! They have a great selection of beers and the food is top notch bar fare! We had the wings with the garlic lime sauce and the Parmesan fries! If you're looking to find your local team with a great atmosphere, this is the place to go! Bree was our bartender and she took great care of my fiancé and me!Been to NOLA for 17 years...did the whole bourbon street, voodoo, Krystal burger, Mardi Gras thing..finally a normal fantastic sports bar catering to normal people, tourist or local...Robert and his staff are amazing, great food, great sports culture, very welcoming and will return every trip to Nola.Came here on our first day (a week ago) in New Orleans to scout it out ready for the McGregor fight and instantly fell in love! Our bartender Josh was fantastic and gave us a list of places locally to eat, hang out and checkout whilst in and around the Quarter.
They have heaps of TVs they play the sound of the game, we couldn't help ourselves but come back everyday to watch the NFL, Soccer and of course the fight! 
Also have a great selection of beers by the bottle and on draught as well as a couple of nice reds.Just left this place. I left specifically because the owner was waaaay too chatty. Give me a beer and leave me alone. He was friendly at first then it got out of hand. If it wasn't for him, it'd easily be a 4. Cleanest bar in the French quarter. Solid beer selection and plenty of TVs to watch sports. Usually right up my alley, but this guy was too much.First let me say sports bars aren't my regular 24/7 jam. 
But I reality wanted this spot to be my go to for games especially March Madness... I'm not in love and I'm not complaining. 
Here's the reality - the TV's are great and everywhere! That's what you want, right? And they are quick to change your TV for you to get you glued to the game you want to watch. 
The space is huge and has a lot of open door fresh air type of feel which is nice for those that want to remember that the outdoors still exist while watching the games. 
The kitchen provided some pretty decent bar food and with ample servings (though I still ate every french fry). 
The crowd was a nice balance of ages, backgrounds and energy levels - all with great positive vibes. 
Really the only downside that I saw was the service. It was unclear who was serving who and often we would wait in a not crowded bar for 5 minutes before anyone engaged with us. 
Overall I'll be there to watch some more games. And maybe it was just an off day.Came in to watch a Duke basketball game on Saturday afternoon and the owner?/manager? Graciously put on the game for me. Nice and attentive staff. I didn't get any food while I was there but the sliders looked delicious.  You could tell it was a good mix of locals and tourists excited for the Saints game to start in a few hours. 12 TVs!!!Wings were pretty solid, not spicy enough for my tastes.  Service was great.Came in the evening on 2/14 for a college basketball game since they had Big Ten Network. As you would expect this was not the place you take your valentine's date so it was slow except for a few regulars at the bar who were having a great time. 
PROs
-They were playing 90's hip hop which was unexpectedly awesome and as I was leaving it switched over to creedence clearwater revival. Almost wanted to stick around just for the vibe but alas, the quarter was calling
-Ordered the mozzerella sticks. should be called cheese logs. only got 4 but these things were massive. totally worth the money
-bartender was friendly and attentive
-bathroom was clean
CONs
-The guy outside playing saxophone. Normally probably great for ambiance most nights but not while i'm listening to tribe and trying to watch a gameThey have tvs on the patio which is awesome.  Though you feel like any second the patio can fall to the ground I kept watching to make sure we didn't break any weight limits.  Food was pretty greasy and drinks they seemed to be out of a lot.  Service was spotty at best but a neat place to watch some football.It's a really comfortable place to duck into and watch a game, but the draught selection leaves something to be desired, and the food is pretty meh, even by sports bar standards.
Great for a beer or two, but there are too many gems in NOLA to stay for a meal.First hangout spot after a long day and we were not disappointed.  We stayed 1 Block from here and just happened on it, so glad we did.  Staff, ambience, and drinks were spot on.  This is a must stopMade a reservation here for the Superbowl. I elected to sit outside like a dumbass because I thought it would be warmer as I agreed to it in the 65 degree daytime. That of course is no one's fault but my own.
The TV we were seated with had no sound, they also had already distributed a load of blankets to all the other table but we arrived late and they were out. The crayfish were average, I wouldn't come here strictly for crayfish and they were served to as room temperature.
I could see this place being more appealing at a different time of year but the fact that there was a cover charge and the fact that we had to watch the game with no sound was truly not worth it.By far the best sports bar we have ever been to!!! The staff is top notch, drinks are amazing and they opened up a whole other room for us to watch the Champions League game because downstairs was packed. HIGHLY recommend this bar!!!Great for sports events! Went here to watch WrestleMania. Service was great and good deals on drinks.Food was basic bar food ie wings, fries etc. I would suggest going here to watch a game or a match or something like that. Eat beforehand but drink a shit ton while you're thereGreat sports bar! Great service! Great prices! We enjoyed watching NFL playoffs  here!Watched the NCAA Championship game here and had a great time.  Great mix of locals and tourists that had the pleasure of an attentive staff and owner who made sure everyone had a great time.  This is the only bar I've ever been in that plays music during commercials of the main screen event!!!  What a great idea and was an opportunity for the crowd to interact and have fun.  Lots of T.V's, cold beer and easy going atmosphere for having a fun time.  Would recommend highly.Let me just say that the bartenders are terrific. They are very friendly, smile a lot, always there when you need them, give plenty of refills and even kept their promise to put our game on a big TV right in front of us. That being said the place has some issues. The food isn't very good. Everything but the burgers is deep fried and covered with cheese. The food is also way too salty. The burgers look good but I didn't want one and there is no local cuisine. They even deep fry red beans & rice! There is no Tobasco in the house! That's just crazy. The bathrooms downstairs are all singles and none of the locks work! I was walked n on twice even though they have signs asking you to knock first. How long would it take the manager to buy some sliding locks and install them? The place is so loud you can't hear anyone knock regardless. I walked in on someone after knocking. We met some fun people but there is one very loud and obnoxious regular who clapped and yelled for his Vikings through the entire game. I mean he clapped for second downs, for penalties, for injuries, for punts and even in-between plays non-stop. He is so lid I could hear him in the bathroom over all the other noise! He is also very profane and used the "F" word loudly. We are not prudes by any means and have spent a lifetime in bars of all kinds but he was just rude. He finally pissed off a woman routing for the Packers to the point where she told him to shut up. He called her some disgusting names so her husband  got mad and shoved him. The guy struck back and a fight ensued. The bartender broke it up and asked the couple to leave. He said Mr.  Obnoxious is a good guy! I beg to differ. He's a real jerk. Also, this is a Green Bay Packers bar for some reason. Their fans are very loud and overly adoring of their boys which gets old real fast. If you are rooting for another team it's hard to enjoy. Upstairs on the balcony is really cool but it was cold outside. There are no heaters but there is a TV for every table. I guess you have to watch every one to find your game but it's very cool. We left with upset stomachs and I think I lost 50% of my hearing in my right ear. Regardless, i would return on a non game day just to see the bartenders again. Cheers!Great service & food! LOVE the garlic & parm wings! AWESOME crawfish boil on Thursdays ( cheapest in FQ ).Highly disappointed in the service. The manager/owner is really nice, but had big issues controlling the staff and organizing for the Super Bowl party.  We reserved the table 2 days in advance, paid $200 in full, and the table was sold from under us due to disorganization. Apparently, there were others that had the same issue. One comment from the wait staff was "I have a million other things to do."  I get it, but a party of size should have much better organization. Shame, too as the food looked good.The weakest drink in New Orleans . Cost 6.00 bucks guess they thought we were tourist .....Ordered mozzarella sticks and I'm pretty sure it was monterrey jack fried in a light fish batter. Terrible. And when I told the bartender I couldn't eat it he didn't say anything and proceeded to ignore me for about 15 minutes. I was one of 3 people in the bar.  Finally,  being done with the waiting game he apparently was playing,  I approached him about the food and the waiting to be acknowledged. He said he couldn't refund me but he'd tell the kitchen I didn't like the food. I won't be going back anytime soon and neither should you.Looked the sports bars up on yelp in the Quarter because it's the start of the ACC tourney.   Walked to check out and was not disappointed.  Ryan was the bartender and was so accommodating.   Turned music off had us scoot down and turned game sound on!!! This is "the" sports bar to go in the French quarter.   Food- pretty much bar food---wings salads truffle fries nachosThe quarter needed a good sports bar and one that served food. This place has a lot of good TVs and all the sports packages. It's a nice addition. Food quality is average but hey its a sports bar. It Would be nice if they added some vegetarian food options.Absolutely terrible experience! Our out of town group of 13 visited here to watch a football and baseball game. Were sat upstairs and waited for over 10 minutes for a server. She explained there was a party of 50 she was also waiting on. We understood. But for a full room of 50 other customers, including our group there were just two servers. Waited over 30 minutes for our drink order after going up to the bar to inquire and get ourselves. We placed a food order that took over 1.5 hours to receive. The food that was brought out was overcooked and half the order was incorrect. We asked to speak to a manager, knowing it was not the servers fault and the part-owner of the restaurant came over who agreed to comp 5 of our 13 meals and never apologized. He went and sat back down at the bar to continue playing on his phone while just the two servers handled over 100 people. At least 3 of us spoke to this owner while he never apologized or provided any sort of customer service whatsoever. We felt terrible for his servers. Will never return to this place again. Avoid at all costs and seek out a different alternative to watch your game.I wandered down to the French quarter to watch a hockey game and voila (no pun intended) this bar and I met. Outstanding!  First, the bartendresses (sp?) were awesome, beautiful, and super attentive. Becca, coco, and Kristi. To name names. Second, being mostly a Yankee I don't know how to eat crawdaddys properly. Becca showed me how. That's right. I got a crawdaddy eating lesson at American sports saloon. I would call that above and beyond the call of duty!!!!  So if you are headed to the French quarter, this should be one place on your list. Love this spot.  Go early. Go often.It was girls weekend in New Orleans during Memorial weekend! Everyone was into the ghost, vampires and let's learn how to cast spells. So we go into this witch boutique and one of the girls brings us drinks from the bar across the street ( American Sports Saloon). Perfect timing! Well, of course it pours down rain and some of us made a run for it back to the bar. The bartender was AWESOME! (Dark skin, un-button button up, bald head with a genuine smile.) He checked our ID's and thought I looked much younger than my age. The compliment made my day! He poured the best drinks we had during the whole trip. He noticed I was watching a baseball game on one TV and he put that game on a TV closer to me. So the next day we walk by again and he comes running out and says "I need to see your ID". I couldn't believe he remembered me. But it's the little things in life that make your day and he certainly did. I wish I new his name to send him a personal thank you for taking such good care of us!Service is poor!  Save yourself some time and hit another place in the FQ.Friendly staff. Decent food (recommend the jalapeno burger). Exactly what we were looking forWent to this bar today, and Rachel was the best bartender I've ever met in my entire life. My time at this bar was made by her. She did an amazing job it seemed like she had 8 arms!!They played Michigan fight song to troll OSU fans whenever we got scored on. Michigan wasn't even playing. I was so tilted I almost flipped some tables and self-immolated.American Sports Saloon is the best sports spot in the Quarter. I live here and I know! Great food, cold beer and lots of TV's.  The recent negative reviews are the result of management asking a specific group of  people to leave a few days ago due to their uncleanly appearance, and the fact they  commandeered two tables , sat down with food and drink from outside with no intention of buying a thing. Had nothing to do with tattoos (I and my friends have many visible tattoos and dine there often) . The people who are talking sh*t about a restaurant they have never been to should be ashamed of themselves. American Sports Saloon rocks solid and indiscriminately. If you are there to buy, they are there to serve you happily. Go see for yourself before you shoot your hater mouth off!Terrible service. Out of their drink ingredients on a Saturday afternoon. Had to ask them to put on a playoff game (this is a sports bar). A characterless tourist trap. Avoid.Jamison, bartender, BROUGHT THE BOOZE!! He's awesome! The Ass bar, lol, is LUCKY to have him!Great place to go if you are a Patriots fan.  Food was average, standard bar fare, but the upstairs bare had great service and sound turned on for football game.Top sports bar in New Orleans! 
No matter who your team is or what your sport is you will find it here!
Great crowds, fun atmosphere, awesome staff! 
Amazingly found a University of Utah football game along with a crowd of fans here!
Highly recommend this bar for good food, drinks, and people!Best bar in the quarter to watch sports. Plenty of elbow room, TVs on the balcony, great service. Can't think of a better place to watch the Cubs go to the World Series. #WThis place has it all. Great ambiance, awesome staff, great beer selection and food that is above and beyond your average bar food. We stumbled upon this place Thanksgiving Day looking for a place to watch the game and to grab a bite. The bartender Rosalie welcomed us with open arms and took great care of us all day. We will make this a stop every time we come to the quarter and can't wait to send our friends here that are coming to NOLA next month!We visited the American Sports Saloon over the Veteran's Day holiday from Spokane.  The food was great, and the employees were friendly and attentive.  The owner went above and beyond to find our games, which wasn't easy.  WSU, the Zags AND the Portland Trailblazers, he found them all.  If you are in town and are looking for a place that is fun to visit, the food is good, and you want to find your hometown game, this is it.  I highly recommend the American Saloon.Watched the Warriors @ Houston game and had a ball. My aunt who was ill, was taken care of by the bartender with all you drink ginger ale. Went back to the bar twice after and was served by Sean  who made us some bomb bloody Mary's with a side of southern hospitality. Wish I got his # to personally thank him. THANK YOU The TV's on top balcony were LIFE!!! Warriors won that night  food was delicious as well.This is a great place located in the French quarter. This is pretty much the quintessential sports bar with a ton of TVs blasting college football games and a bunch of high quality brew on draft for there or to go, like pretty much everyplace in New Orleans. The bathroom is SUPER small here and the door is rather difficult to open. Honestly, this place actually worked quite well for me as it is located very near the food portion of the French Market. Grab a beer here and head over to the French market for some fried goodness. MmmmmOur man Jonathan not only served us delicious Bloody Mary's, he also recommended the crawfish boil and gave us instructions on how to eat them.  Incredibly friendly and excellent sense of humor.  We San Franciscans left happy!Love this place,  first time there,  but Mary behind the bar was great and made me feel very welcome.  I had the chicken tenders,  they were tasty,  can't wait to try some of the other stuff on the menu next time I go back.Good place with a nice terasse close enough to enjoy street jazz band and take a rest after walking in the French market.Really bad food, service was even worse. T honestly felt as if our server was high. Would not reccomendd this place to anyoneCan't beat the half dozen oysters for $3 during happy hour. Their food is good and they have around 20 TVs downstairs. Their upstairs wraparound patio has individual TVs at each patio table. Great place to watch any game!The bartender  Sean is a bad ass bartender, he should own the place. His bad ass lemonade is the best in the French quarters. If you get a chance to the American sports saloon, go see Sean. 
PS ask him about his dislikes with mosquitos!This place has TONS of TVs, friendly and attentive staff, smoke free and clean environment, and their drinks are great!  Been here several times for Saints games and never had a bad experience. There's always a fun crowd here.  Love the upstairs where there's a TV in every wall, attentive bartenders and the balcony has a fantastic view.Really neat little Bar Rescue project. Went in with a group for a quick cocktail and were told to check out upstairs. There's comfortable patio furniture seating with tvs at each table that wraps around entire upstairs balcony. We decided to go back to watch the game the next day. The food...you'd expect "sports bar food", right? Wrong!! It's amazing. We had meat and cheese spreads, the burgers are AMAZING, fish tacos ...I'm picky...some of the best. We go back here every time we visit Nola. This place is a hidden gem smack dab on Decatur St. So many games on at all times. Coolest, "modern" sports bars in the city!Best sports bar in the Quarter. New ownership has reinvigorated this place. The upstairs balcony now has personal TVs for almost all of the tables and sitting areas, and for viewing Sporting events (we came down to watch the Cubs win the World Series!) there's no other place like it. The food is normal bar food, but still good. It's our go to place when we come down to New Orleans, and you can't go wrong. Good drinks, great staff, And like I said, the best venue to watch any sporting event happening at the time.Fun lively sports bar by the French Market. 
Highlights:
- Lots of large tvs and room to hang out with other sports fans
- Great popcorn: not sure what it was about it but our order was amazing.
- Standard bar fare: mozzarella sticks, etc
- Location: French Market is a bit farther from Bourbon so less crazy 
- Inexpensive we'll type drinks
Lowlights:
- On the corner so couldn't figure out which door to enter in at first 
Stopped by a few spots during NFL playoff weekend and this was our fave.This place was the best. Great service and so accommodating with the games. If you want to see a game GO HERE!! Food was good too!Christy was absolutely amazing!!! If you are ever in New Orleans stop in and ask for her. You wont be disappointedI am a recent transplant from SoCal and this is now my second home. Kristi is the sweetest and is really friendly and attentive with all the customers. I always have a good time here, but especially when she is working. I'll continue patronizing this place so long as she's here.This place was a lot of fun. From the food to the service all around good time. The only thing I'm going to share that most have not is that it is a Steelers bar thru and thru. So if they're playing, and your not a Steelers fan, (Go Ravens) you have been warned.I was searching for a place in NOLA to watch my hometown Oilers when I saw this place online. I sent them a Facebook message to see if they could put the game on. The owner responded to me quickly and once we got there he even greeted our group. The bartender was really good to our girlfriends - they might have had a better time than us! If I'm ever back in New Orleans I'll definitely stop by.Male bartender was very nice, food was decent and Tv's were plentiful. 
HOWEVER - female bartender was clearly wasted. At 5 p.m.  Witnessed her pouring shots for people and taking sips off them. She poured salt on her hands and licked it off... Disgusting. Did not wash them.  And she's still making drinks for people.We stopped in 10/7 to watch some of the games during the afternoon and ended up returning that night. We got to sit outside on the balcony and had our own tv. Everyone enjoyed their food and drinks, and our waitress , Kristi was excellent and very friendly. We would definitely go back during our next time in New Orleans!This is a good place to catch a game. Lots of tvs and outdoor seating. Food was alright. Chipotle honey lime wings were pretty awesome. Loaded fries on the other hand, missed there mark with cheese sauce instead of just using fresh shreddded cheese. The burgers that passed by looked pretty good. Maybe I'll try that out next time. We sat upstairs and there was only one server for balcony and tables and a bartender. Bartender was great, we ended up just ordering our drinks and food at bar due to slow service. Overall, I'll go back ajd give it another wurl. Beers on tap were good too.Only go here if you want to be treated very poorly.  It's a sports bar and they refused to put ESPN on for a college football game but sure enough had a women's tennis match on as well as a meaningless baseball game between two bad teams.  Don't call yourself a sports bar if you won't put ESPN on a single TV. They claimed new ownership well they need to get new ownership again. Do not go here!!!!  Garbage staff.Don't eat here go across the street to the French Market and enjoy something better.
Went here on a not busy Saturday afternoon the bartender/waitress was kind and friendly and the drinks were fine but the food was slow and terrible. I thought that you could walk into any restaurant in New Orleans and get good food...wrong. We ordered burgers and chicken sandwiches and had to wonder if they were cooking them or if the were ordering from door dash because the food took so long. When the food arrived the chicken was so dry it couldn't be finished, the avocado that was added was the size of 3 dimes and the burgers were burned. One order was put in wrong and when she said that it would be out in 3 minutes...liar! When the burger did come it look like they left it on the grill for 10 minutes longer than it needed to be.Beer was flat we tried four different beers either they were flat or they were missed labeled because they didn't taste like the beer that we ordered and also two dozen oysters and they were the most  Pitiful oysters I've ever seen in my life and that's being born and bred here in Louisiana. I recommend going basically anywhere else!!!Great atmosphere for Sunday football!  No shortage of TVs, beer food or service!  Attentive bartenders and wait staff - no request to bigThis place is so bad it's hilarious. This is a great place to come if you want to stay sober because the bartenders have no intention of serving anyone anything. Ask for CoCo because she will not only ignore you but when she does serve you, she will be a complete biotch about it. When we were there (a holiday weekend) they were out of half their beers, half their food and red bull. And yet the manager says they are the best bar in the quarter. That one made me laugh out loud. If you like punishment, this place is for you.I'm a tourist and was searching the street for a good 10 minutes then entered the bar to use the ATM. On waking out the door, the bartender yelled out to my boyfriend and I "buy a drink or piss off". My suggestion - hire bar staff that aren't disgustingly rude and feel the need to yell at potential patrons just to get a kick out of their day.We had a great night watching the Alabama Sooners game. Our waitress Michelle was fun and accommodating . The food was good. My husband said the burger was the best he had had . They also serve local brews like Gnarly Barley! We will return!The food is amazing! It's a bit pricey, but trust me when I say you are getting what you pay for. For a sports bar, the food's quality is stellar.I'm giving this place 2 stars for one single reason. The owner was a complete jerk. We came in to watch the golf match between Tiger and Phil. Almost everyone in the bar was also watching the golf match, and as we all know, Tiger and Phil were miced up so we asked the bartender to switch the sound so that we could hear the match. The bartender was great. He was super nice and was the only one working a pretty crowded bar. He switched the sound for us, and the owner came out of a back room and made him switch the sound back to some random college game that literally no one was watching. The owner also basically belittled the bar tender for changing the sound right in front of all of the customers. It was extremely unprofessional and I'm sure embarrassing for the bartender. What a jerk. I wish that didn't happen; it was a cool place before that. But I refuse to patronize places that don't treat their employees with dignity.My husband and I came here recently and sat upstairs on the balcony. We had SUCH a good time. We were able to watch our game and actually hear it which is rare, our server Kristie was superb, the food was yummy, and even the owners (Robert, I think was his name) came out to see how things were going with our night. All in all, awesome experience and we can't wait to go back.Great place to watch FOOTBALL! We had a balcony table which w GREAT but we got rained out!! The bar was super crowded and short handed but Zeke our bartender turned waiter was on point! He was fantastic. We had such a good time that it wasn't until the next day my husband realized he lost his iPhone. I called the bar and Zeke remembered us and asked for me to call back in 15min. I totally got side tracked and didn't call back. The next day we decided to go to the bar in person. The bartender on duty said she didn't find a phone so we left.
The evening we were leaving back to Hawaii I get a call from Zeke saying he found my husband's iPhone! We are so thankful.....Thank you so much for your perseverance and honesty!  Who would have ever thought that an iPhone would be returned after being lost in a crazy busy bar! You rock Zeke!!!Wow - I've never seen such horrible wait staff that really just didn't care. Food order has been over an hour for some chicken tenders.  The staff have no idea who ordered what, and the place is dirty...but, we did get to watch the football game outside!Best happy hour in the French quarter.  Kristi was awesome!  She makes the best drinks by far.  The up stairs patio is the bomb!Horrible customer service. Came for football, seating outside was cool, that's where cool ends. Ordered beers and waited 20 mins for a bucket of beers. Ordered food, 1.5 hours later and no idea where the order is. Was told it should be here in 10 mins, that was 40 mins ago. Waitress confirmed the kitchen was shutdown due to order overload. Floor outside was disgusting, pile of puke a couple tables down made me feel better about the food on the ground under our table. Way understaffed for a football Sunday, no way this is busier than normal for them, poor planning.Best sports bar in town where you can enjoy the great weather and your favorite team's game.  We came upon this place last year one night in search of the Warriors game.  This man ( guessing a manager or owner) was very nice and accommodating and put on the game on one of the TVs.  We came back this past week and hoped for same - the same man was there and told us about upstairs where the game will be played with sound on.  We did and were enjoying the AC then discovered the balcony with many TVs that you can tune to your favorite game with sound!  We found a table with umbrella and enjoyed the game, the sun and New Orleans over a cold beer - can't beat it.This bar does have every game on NFL Sunday. Good staff as well and food is okay. However, for some reason, all three bathrooms downstairs have broken locks on the doors. Guys don't care much, but I do NOT recommend this place to any ladies until they fix the lock on the woman's bathroom, period. And they are adamently NOT going to ever fix the lock, don't ask me why. The door opens to the bar and knocking on the door before entering does not work in a loud bar on NFL Sunday. More than one lady had the door yanked open while sitting there. I am guessing the owners think this is just hilarious. If you don't mind, this is the place for you.Came in with some friends for the Fight , we only had reservations for 7 people but ended up showing up with a group of about 15 at around 9pm. We Purchased tickets at the side door for the extra people with us, and based on the demeanor and blatant "screw this and all of y'all" attitude that we received from the lady with green hair giving tickets at the front door, I without a doubt would have said, this is going to be one horrible night... thankfully none of our party (nor the rest of the employees we encountered after entering) let that rotten apple spoil the bunch!! We all proceeded to where our reserved table that was in the back of the bar upstairs, although being a tight squeeze, it was not too packed where our table was located. When we found it.. We asked the lady that helped us find our reserved table if we could have the table next to it as well because our party was bigger than expected and the sign on the reservation was for 7 pm.. she told us she wasn't sure but would find out, returned with another employee which told us that she could not make that discussion, but would ask her manager. She returned with the manager and although at first she seemed a little agitated, (totally understandable on a night like it was) upon hearing our plea that the paper on the table said the reservation was for 7 and it was now 9:30, she took the paper off of the table and told us no problem at all enjoy your night..  and what a night it was moving forward!!!! Despite a few hiccups involving  some of the friends that were in our party, the 2 bartenders Andrew, Katt, and also the female manager on duty, (I cannot remember her name) went ABOVE and BEYOND to make sure we were okay and well taken care of throughout the evening! Those 3 HANDS DOWN, made what I thought as I first walked through the front door would be a horrible night with disgruntled sports bar employees, one hell of a night!! And I will recommend American Sports Saloon to any one I know in the future, that might be traveling that way.! We all had the best night, and gratefully appreciate the hospitality shown consistently throughout the night (especially in leu of some of our parties indiscretions) I know without a doubt, we will be back so to see you all soon!! Not sure if anyone employed here monitors this page , but if so, on behalf of our whole group, please let Andrew, Kat and the manager who helped us out all evening, that we truly appreciate all of their hospitality shown!!!!!!  Thank You American Sports SaloonWhat a great place to "relax"!!  Go there early to watch baseball and the staff couldn't have been more helpful and attentive in trying to get the game we were looking for. Unfortunately,  I think the country of England showed up to watch Liverpool and Tottenham. Certainly a lot of excitement. Handled well by a cheerful staff. Beer was cold and wings were on point. Thanks for a great time.Best sports bar we have ever been!!!! Great set up! So many TV's. So much space! Love how they play awesome music during commercials. Rob and Jim were so personable and made us feel at home and like locals! Food was phenomenal! We truly had a great time. Our group of 12 from age 30 to 72 were so comfortable. My dad hates sports bars and loved this one. He enjoyed sitting outside on the balcony watching the game. Sports bats are usually too loud for him but out on the balcony was more relaxing for him. He could watch the game and carry on a conversation. I enjoyed hanging downstairs with the "down to earth" owners. We all just had so much fun! Thank you Rob and Jim!I'm in New Orleans often so these places i'm Very familiar with.  By these places i mean a bar where multiple doors are open to street walkers to comes right in and you walk in and get any drink they offer,  get it to go and food if you like.  The atmosphere here is anything goes within reason and cool.  Its air conditioned such that the 100 degree temperature just outside does not affect you.  I'm particularly digging this spot due to the TV's, the friendly accommodating staff and on top of a full bar of alcohol they have Turbo Dog. You will be sure to get the drink of your pleasure if the ingredients are in the house.   Its just a block or two from the water in the French Market.  The bathrooms are clean and very usable which is not necessarily common in these areas of the Quarter where tourists flock to party and drink. The TVs are mix of clear HD 65 inch to 40 inch and HD quality. 
It should get even better soon as they are closing shop (July 2017) for a week to renovate the downstairs to a degree  and the upstairs patio.  The extent of the reno I'm not sure.  Its a great place to watch sports, get a beverage and you're sure to meet locals and tourists if you're there more than 30 minutes. On a side note, there are USB charging ports just under the bar which are uncommon in these party spots.  Point of caution, due to the poker machines, under 21 cannot be in this location.  Under 21 years of age however, can go upstairs, but since the poker machines here are not isolated downstairs, under 21 are not permitted on the main lower floor.  To start a tab only requires your CC, they will give it back to you and not keep your card the duration of your visit.
I'm digging the spot.Great Atmosphere!! 
Nice TV's line the walls. The bartenders are awesome. Drinks are reasonably priced. The cilantro lime wings do not disappoint. 
Perfect bar to go enjoy a game and drink.Clean sports bar in the French Quarter. Decent selection of local and national drafts.
Didn't try the food.  The Abita Andygator is a blond golden/Belgian. Hopitoulas is a lighter IPA.
They also have Guiness, for those looking for a meal in a glass...
Once the wine list grows, they'll get 5 starsGreat place to watch the game! The place is big with a downstairs bar/dining and upstairs bar/dining. The upstairs also has a balcony with a great view and TVs outside so you don't miss the game. The food was really good! The pretzel was soooo good and being from New York where's there's a pretzel stand on every corner that says a lot! The server was really nice, and service was quick!Husband and I were in NOLA for our anniversary Dec. 20th We stayed close by and were told to come to this new place by a bartender in a nearby bistro. The server/bartender was very helpful and attentive, and the food was delish!!!  We tried the beet salad.....YUMMY...the spare ribs that were succulent and savory....a duck sandwich and a burger....too much food but we were on vacation and enjoyed most all of the food.  
In the spirit of the Duck Dynasty news that week end I convinced my husband to add duck to his burger to make a DUCK DYNASTY BURGER.  The staff we very accomodating and the Duck Burger was very good.  We only wish we had opted for less fries as we had way too much of them on the sandwich plates.    We hope this business makes it in a BIG way, the food is much better than a normal Sports Bar.   
The drinks were also excellent!!Visited here for the first time for a Seinfeld trivia night. Its an unassuming bar from the outside but pretty quaint inside. The bartender was really friendly. She suggested a few good food options from the menu. The patrons at the bar appeared to be regulars and were friendly as well. The nachos are pretty great! Its a 2 story bar that also has a few video poker machines..i put in 7 bucks and won 40..pretty sweet return! Definitely worth a return trip if in the area.First let me say sports bars aren't my regular 24/7 jam. 
But I reality wanted this spot to be my go to for games especially March Madness... I'm not in love and I'm not complaining. 
Here's the reality - the TV's are great and everywhere! That's what you want, right? And they are quick to change your TV for you to get you glued to the game you want to watch. 
The space is huge and has a lot of open door fresh air type of feel which is nice for those that want to remember that the outdoors still exist while watching the games. 
The kitchen provided some pretty decent bar food and with ample servings (though I still ate every french fry). 
The crowd was a nice balance of ages, backgrounds and energy levels - all with great positive vibes. 
Really the only downside that I saw was the service. It was unclear who was serving who and often we would wait in a not crowded bar for 5 minutes before anyone engaged with us. 
Overall I'll be there to watch some more games. And maybe it was just an off day.American Sports Saloon is hands down has the best balcony in the French Quarter but bartender Steve Gingrich is reason alone to visit!! Steve not only gives the best service he is extremely knowledgeable with a wealth of information about the city. We stayed 3 extra hours just to chat with Steve! He's is a great story teller! Can't wait to go back and see him!Don't waste your time! ..... Reserved a table for the Cowboys/Saints game on the balcony.  The atmosphere was great but that is about it.  We were told when we got there at 6 pm that the kitchen wouldn't be open until 7.  Ordered our food at 7:20 and finally got a portion of what we ordered at 9:15 pm. We spoke with the manager and honestly, he was more concerned with his drink than managing the place. Our waiter, Tyler, did all he could do under the circumstances and was great.The American Sports Bar is the best sports bar on Frenchman's street! The most friendly sports bar no matter what team you're cheering for, the bartenders are the nicest (Tyler and Daniel, the most ELITE, the best drinks and the best vibe), we couldn't have found a better sports bar and we'll come back any tome we're in NOLAWanted to stop in here and spend the evening watching the entire Cavs vs. Raptors NBA Eastern Conference Finals game 6. Did not end up happening as no one cared to greet us or come to our table for over 10 minutes. Place was basically empty and there were two bartenders, neither of which paid any attention to the fact we were there. On top of that, none of the TVs had the game on 2 mins before tipoff. What kind of "sports salon" doesn't have a NBA conference finals game on? We left without anyone saying a word to us. Had a great night watching the game at Turtle Bay!Fantastic bar. Had a great time watching the Steelers game on Sunday. Lots of TVs and they had the sound on for the game upstairs. Great atmosphere. Daniel upstairs was a FANTASTIC bartender. Super attentive and super fun.This is another spot we went to a few years ago when we went to NOLA. At that time, it was newly opened by a guy from the Bay area. 
We had good food and service there then, so we went back this trip.  It was pretty busy the night we went because of the basketball playoffs. We just wanted to get a bite to eat. Their menu seemed a to have been revised to just the basics (burgers and wings) which kind of disappointed me because I remembered they had some good items last time. However, the wings were great. They were very peppery and they came with fries. Local beers on tap, which also makes me happy and they came out pretty quickly despite it being a busy night.
We ate downstairs, but they have an upstairs with a balcony. They also have sidewalk seating. Also, my husband and I both noted that their restroom were very clean. I know, a funny thing to mention but a lot of places in the quarter do not have clean restrooms.
I think we would go back again on our next trip too!The only reason I gave it 4 stars, is because the service was slow, and pretty much nonexistent. But, I will say, there was a football game on, and they were packed. So I guess it's expected. The Bloody Mary's  was awesome, it was spicy, and packed a punch! I definitely  had a buzz after 2 drinks! Next I wanna talk about how awesome their bar food is, and it's good quality, and inexpensive. You can't go wrong. I ordered  the chicken  strips  with fries which only costs  $6!!! It was soo delicious,  the strips where fresh, and had a perfect crispy breading. I will definitely  be visiting  there a couple  of times a week.No good if you're not a local! Waitress must have recognised that we weren't from nearby, because after being rude and dismissive to us all night she overcharged us on the bill. Added dollars to every meal's listed menu price and all our drinks. We brought it up with her assuming a mistake had been made and she became aggressive. We decided to just pay the bill ($15 too much) and got out of there!Discrimination and poor customer service ruin any good quality food this place may have. Their customers are ignorant and the manager should be ashamed to carry such a title with his lack of customer service skills. Remember, we're all human and deserve respect, you and your customers want it right??? Never patronize!!!The food was pretty good and the manager here is top notch, but our server LOST MY CARD. It is policy for them to scan your card and hand it back to you, even if you are keeping a tab open. Our server, Jessica, handed me back my brother's card but I was never given mine. She was hardly attentive the entire night, at one point prompting us to go to the bar ourselves to order drinks because she was sitting there drinking a beer instead of serving us (after we had already ordered a bucket of beer which we never received). When she realized that we were getting our buckets from the bar instead of waiting on her, she snatched them up as the barback filled them and raced to put them on our table, claiming to our friends that she "got it to us faster than the bar could!" (As if SHE was the one that put the order in). By the end of the night, she only brought one person in our group their check out of the 4 tabs we had open. I had to go to the bar to get Gov (the manager)'s attention to close our tabs. When we were about to leave, I told them I never got my card back from when I opened my tab earlier that night. We searched the floors, checked pockets and purses, everything. Jessica said she looked and didn't see it anywhere and I assured her that I had never gotten my card back from her. She said she checked the side of the bar, then she turned to the bar back and asked if he checked behind the bar. He said yes, and she just looked at me and shrugged rather than checking and double checking HERSELF. The manager was incredibly apologetic, exchanging numbers with me and assuring me he would contact me if anything came up. Meanwhile, I hear Jessica say "She doesn't have to be a total BITCH about it" from behind the bar. This girl needs more training in not only the service industry, but common manners and decency. I was appalled by her behavior and service, and I'm sure she gave my card to someone else. But she should have owned up to her mistake. I didn't receive a single apology from this girl and I was being EXTREMELY reasonable. I don't even leave yelp reviews, but this one was warranted. (I'm sorry Gov -- I appreciate you, but her behavior was NOT okay!)
UPDATE: can confirm Jessica gave my card to the wrong patron or stole it (which i doubt). There have been attempts to purchase liquor and taxis on my card and I had to report it stolen.What a fun place!  Food and service was exceptional..  Not to mention great tv watching.  The owners seem to go out of their way to make sure everyone in the place is taken care of.  If in NOLA this is a must..Came here on my birthday, 11/11. I really wanted to love this place. Really. It had a great feel to it and an upstairs, outdoor balcony with tons of TV's? What's not to love, right? We were the first on the balcony and I bought drinks on the way out there. We found our table and watched the end of the soccer match prior to NFL starting. Great start! Perfect weather. Then, more people came and received service from what appeared to be wonderful staff. My wife and I waited, no service. More and more people came, sitting at tables next to us receiving service. Us? Not a server to be had. I finally waived one down, asking for the tv to be changed (needed a remote) and he said he would be right back. Never saw him again! Needless to say, I had to get up for drinks any time we wanted one. I really, truly wanted to stay, spend my money and enjoy my birthday watching football in an amazing place, but it was not to be. When another couple joined us, they, too, did not get service. He went in and asked for a server. When she came out, she acted as we were bothering her! During the well over an hour we were there, we never did get the tv changed or orders taken. Sad, really.We went here because of a recommendation from someone else from another bar. We arrived and it was pretty empty- I asked what was on the steak sandwich and was told only peppers and onions and mushrooms (I'm allergic to cheese); our food came awhile later and there was cheese on my sandwich :( (this has happened to me many times which is why I ALWAYS ask what is included). the waitress asked if it was severe and if they could just get new bread to not waste the steak which was fine as long as there is NO CHEESE on my sandwich. once I got my sandwich back it was pretty good. My mom and boyfriend got the duck sandwich- my boyfriend loved it and my mom thought it was okay but too salty. the drinks were reasonable $4-5! I would come back, but I just wish they listed EVERY ingredient on the sandwiches!Shanna & Rachel, best fucken people in NO. They are the best crew in town. Great drinks, great food, and most importantly, the best time with the people here. Get here and love them all.Awesome place for fans of all teams.  We had Kelly as our waitress and she rocked it!  Recommend this to anyone.  We were told about this place by a number of the locals.The only reason we stayed here is because they played sound for the Dallas Cowboys game. The service was horrible. It did pick up after the second half of the game. The menu says mimosas are $5, but we were charged $7. Didn't say anything about it... We only had one mimosa each. They didn't have cold champagne for any more mimosas, and they were going to make us wait for it to get cold. We finally canceled our second order and got vodka soda instead (much cheaper). The big TVs were a plus, and the balcony was nice. The nachos were horrible though. Fake cheese product, too much sour cream all in one blob, non melted shredded cheese, and so many onions... Not good at all. Plus it was cold. We ate it because we were so hungry, but that's it. Again, only reason we stayed was because our game had sound. This bar had potential, but sadly missed the mark.I really liked this place. Was in from out of town and was looking for a place to watch the Rocky Mountain showdown. The bartender, Steve, was really cool and the atmosphere was nice just to catch a game. If you're looking for a place in New Orleans with lots of big screens to watch your game and good drinks that aren't outrageously priced, this is your place.Steelers fans from Pittsburgh.  Very disappointed with the service. When it takes 40+ mins to get a bucket of beers delivered you are severely understaffed.  Burgers and fried were decent though.Best sports bar around, nice homey feel and good staff. Also the out side TVs on the balcony are amazing! Great place for locals and visitors! Good prices too..... I live around the corner:)I don't even know what to say.  The waitress is high and she's being disrespectful to customers.  The staff is trying to clean it up the situation but it's nuts.  Just send her home.The bar was dirty and the services was way too slow. This wasn't even during a busy time of day.Really nice place with a local feel.  Came here for evening dinner the night saints were playing the redskins.  Excellent atmosphere and everyone really friendly.
Only loses one star due to the service.  Only one person (Julie, who was lovely) serving which meant 20 minutes after arriving we still didn't have drinks.  It was very busy though due to the football.
Would definitely visit again and recommend if your looking for a local bar atmosphereGreat place to watch sports! The prices are good and they have very friendly staff and ownership. As far as I know this is the only bar in New Orleans with the PAC 12 network. Very friendly staff. I will be going back.The beer was cold, but waiting for your food was unacceptable. We order a bucket of beer and an order of wings. The wings didn't come out for 45 minutes, and the waitress blamed it on the large crowds on football Sunday. The kitchen staff was unprepared. When the table that came in 15 minutes after us received their food and we were still waiting, I decided to ask the waitress what the status was. I was told it was on its way. A few minutes later a large tray came up and I watched as a tray of wings were passed through three hands (other patrons) at which time the waitress took them and pointed to us. She proceeded to bring those same wings to us. Umm check please!!! When I come back to New Orleans, I will not be visiting this establishment.Not because I know the owners (Robert and Jim...great guys)...but if you want great drinks, cold beer and good gastropub food, there is NOWHERE you need to be in the Quarter except ASS bar.  Best hamburger in the French Quarter. Even better than Sylvain, Clover Grill or Magnolia Grill, who all claim to have best burger.The guy in the saints jersey was AWESOME. He was genuine and funny, truly! I had red stag, my fiancé had a local IPA he fell in love with, at the recommendation of our server. I thought the place was going to be a dive, but no! I grew to feel so at home! Sweet choice in music too. We're in town for a few days, probably going to end up spending a lot of time here...Went here for the Patriots vs. Cowboys game and the service was horrible.  Second floor was not busy and took a half hour for the waitress to bring our drinks after ordering.  They did not have two food items we ordered and the food we had was mediocre.Alot of TV's. Alot of games to watch. Had a great past weekend there!... Must visit for all sports fans!!YAY........finally the sports bar the French Quarter has so long needed!  I'm a local who has watched this bar from it's opening day and am impressed by the well managed and easily viewed variety of sports programing as well as the welcoming and friendly bar staff and management team. 
For a sports bar American Sports Saloon has exceptional food selection and quality.  I highly recommend the Duck Sandwich but everything on the menu is a hit.  Their no smoking policy is refreshing and I think it's pretty easy for the smokers to step outside but keep their eyes on the games through the window.  
When you visit the French Market you owe yourself a stop by this place for a beer and even lunch.  Sit anywhere you'd like, they're flexible with a 'Big Easy' attitude but please, leave the fourth barstool from the Decatur Street door available for me........I'll be there often!The official patriots bar of New Orleans. Huge crowd of Patriots fans from all over, every game. Upstairs, downstairs, and outside- TVs are all over to follow all other games to keep track of your fantasy teams! Solid beers on tap too  5 out of 5We had a great time here while visiting NO. The Bartender was great and talked us into trying a new drink which happened to be amazing. Highly recommend this place to anyone.Came to watch the NBA finals game when the bartender couldn't assist me with removing a damaged umbrella for our table because things were so busy. That's when I found the owner and he came and helped us out. He was #therealmvp of our finals experience. 
Come here all the time and will continue to come here. You should as well. 
P.S. Ask for Rae; she's a great bartender and give her a great tip!First time in New Orleans and I ended up going here two days in a row! Service, food, and drinks were amazing! Jessica and Sam were the BEST, highly recommend requesting them!! I will definitely be back!We stopped by on the last Saturday of 2017 after the New Orleans Pelicans basketball game to watch the UFC fights, also college football was showing. I found this bar because it was on the UFCs website as they had confirmed they would be showing the UFC fights. We opted to sit upstairs in the bar area (going upstairs to the left). 
They have many TVs in the upstairs bar area and also saw they have outdoor seating on balcony with TVs. We ordered a cajun burger with fries and chipotle lime honey wings. There was plenty of seating and the food was brought to us in a timely fashion. We opted to drink beers from local breweries, and they had a good variety to choose from.
The employees were friendly and attentive, which we appreciated. The bathrooms were clean, considering how busy the place was at the time. Everyone seemed to be having a good time, and it was a great first bar experience for us out of state tourists.The owner and staff are friendly and helpful and go out of their way to ensure you have a great time.    This was the one sports bar in the french quarter that had plenty of televisions to accommodate  tourists wishing to watch non- local sporting events.   it was great.  If you are looking for a place that is not just broadcasting LSU and Tulane games, this is the place for you. We will be back.Service is average& food needs serious work!
Overpriced draft beer ($7) Horrible nachos!
‍Great food. Horrible bartender/server. Jessica was our server the night of the office trivia. Not going to go deep into the details but what really angered me was that, Jessica, our server didn't own up to her mistake or apologize for the mere fact that she truly messed up. She gave my sister in law's card away to someone else/lost it. Proof that she gave it away to someone else was when there were several transactions on it that my sis in law didn't make. She was spotted on multiple occasions hanging out at the bar DRINKING instead of serving our table.
Jessica sucks. If you want good reviews, don't have servers like JESSICA ruining a good place like this one.5 stars for staff and decore. Tvs and couches on the balcony was a great way to watch a sporting event.  Unfortunately the nachos were the worst I ever had. The pulled pork was cold and gray and tasted like it was sitting in the fridge for days. I was hungry for more food but after the nachos I didn't trust the food so I can't comment on the rest. I recommend eating somewhere else first but definitely come here to drink and watch the game.With the hustle and bustle of NOLA I don't expect super great service, but this place was pretty bad. 
My daughter (13) & I were on a weekend getaway and through our walking stumbled into this spot for a quick bite. Both waiters we interacted with seemed annoyed and preoccupied, even though the bar was pretty dead (about 1pm). Neither had even a basic knowledge of their beer selection. 
The menu was boring, frozen foods & dated not only by NOLA standards - but by any comparison. A bunch of fried foods (no seafood) & burgers. We settled on cheese sticks and they were lackluster as expected.
2 positives, plenty of TVs inside & out. Also, my daughter left her purse there and we called about an hour later and they were happy to hear from us. We swung back by & the staff we dealt with at that point seemed great.The bartender was a bisnatch! 
We asked if the shots were buy one get one.  
Response: well, what time is it? Is it 12 am? Then, No. 
The special ran from 12am-9am. We missed the fine print on the sign. Oops, our bad. She didn't have to react with the tude.Awful service. Ordered food that never came. Half the staff was drunk or drinking. The young lady came up to me three different times and I told her the same thing that I was waiting for food. Never coming here again.The views were great, they had all the games on. The food was great and decently priced. The drinks were great, I recommend the bowl drinks! Doesn't hurt the EAGLES won too ;)Can watch anything sports, yes the have ESPN Ocho! Bar food good. Balcony and setting fantastic.This. Place. Is great. Simple clean decor. Plenty of TVs. On the edge of the beaten path, so the clientele is really decent. Not a lot of crazy screaming or anything. (430 on a Saturday). 
Service- only a little slow. Super nice bartender. Liked him a lot and he made it fun. 
Food: whoa. Big surprise! Really REALLY good. Some of the best wings I've ever had. Ever. In the country. No joke. Hot BBQ was tasty without being crazy overwhelming. Cooked perfectly. 
Pulled pork sliders: moist. Not sauce heavy. Lots of nice flavor without dousing it in sauce, which is hard to do. This cook is a chef. We will be back. A more authentic bar in an area of tourist traps.This has been the best sports bar in the French Quarter, for years.  With the multiple televisions and the great drink specials, it's still the best sports bar in the Quarter.  The only thing that has changed is the food. Apparently, they no longer have the Executive Chef that made up the menu. The food taste like they went out and hired some Fraternity guys and paid them with free drinks, to try to make the items on the menu. So my suggestion is for you to enjoy the good drink specials that they provide and get so loaded that you don't care with the food taste like.Came here for my friends dirty 30 and we stumbled into this amazing bar with awesome drinks and excellent customer service. All the staff was so nice and fun to talk to and they even saved us a rooftop table for the parade the next day. Will definitely be back and will recommend to all my friends!When we were visiting New Orleans for an Eagles game, we went to American Sports Saloon twice. We were immediately drawn to it because of all the TVs on the balcony. The food is pretty good bar type food and the drink selection is wide. The service was OK, but we had a very nice time overall. Would def suggest this for someone visiting NOLA who wants to hang at a sports bar for a game! So cool seeing all the different fans from around the country in the same place.This is an amazing place.  Great food, great drinks and an awesome place to hang out.  The owner was there the night we were there and he was just the nicest guy.  We had a great time.  Service was great and I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good place to hang out!!!!  Thanks for a great last night in NOLA!!!!!If you're visiting New Orleans and in between drinking and partying, you would like to catch your favorite team play, this is the bar for you!! They have practically every game u want available and in a huge spacious place with a few floors,  a ton of TVs, a really cool balcony, and the most accommodating and nice bartenders ever *shoutout to Daniel who overcame a thousand technical difficulties and personally saw to it that our game was on- you rock!!....come for the sports games and stay for the atmosphere, the awesome drinks and the service...and get a few snacks too, as the food is pretty great as well.First review ever, anywhere and I dine out a few times a week personal and business. Bar rescue, drama discussion among bartenders and servers.  No response, seated ourselves, no service, walked to bar, ordered, carried our own drinks, sat down.  30 minutes later, repeat, still no server.  30 minutes later, go to bar to order dinner.  30 minutes later back to bar to ask about food and they said it was delivered already.  Do I need this comment on the food quality...burned, inedible burger ordered medium.  1/4 thick burned blackened chicken sandwich. Stay away, run.
Better yet, find the owner on the first floor and share my concerns and he goes upstairs to his staff without offering me any recourse, unbelievable.Super fun football bar for day drinking on sundays. Great service upstairs from Daniel. Totally worth sitting at the bar- lots of tvs and he'll make sure you have a great day! Highly recommend.Seriously poor customer service. We called ahead to ask if a particular SEC game was going to be on. They assured us, that it would. We arrived and were told that it was not on. We confirmed with them that it was the game of the week on CBS. They did find the game and put it on the last TV on the end of the bar (15 TVs and we were 2 of 6 customers in the bar at the time). 
1.5 hours into the game, the TV automatically changed channels. The bartender couldn't figure out how to change it back. Instead of apologizing he ignored us. When I finally searched him down and asked for the bill, he said to me: you are not my only customer. 
Just honestly couldn't believe how terrible the service was by this bartender at a sports bar. Very sad. Don't know if this is a management issue or a poorly trained bartender.As far as the venue it was a good place to watch the 7th game for the world series with all the TVs . Now we had an older man  turn on the TVs to the game but once the people started comming in the older guy, I assume a manager or the owner dissapered.
 The bartender did a great job and at one point I counted over 50 people that this ONE bartender had to take alchohol and food orders and when the kitchen brought out the food he had to deliver them so I assume that the whole place only had 2 employees working at the time.
Hats off to the bartender and the cook, thumbs down to who ever made the bartender work a whole room by himself?Awesome place to watch a game!! We absolutely loved the patio with private TVs for each table, it truly is the best way to watch any sports in New Orleans. I also really enjoyed the food, fried pickles and nachos were great! Arthur did a great job taking care of us even though they were crazy busy for the LSU game! Definitely will be backThis place is awesome! Lots of T.V.'s to cover a wide variety of games. This is where us locals come to watch our Seattle Seahawks play and invite fellow traveling 12's to join us. It's been a great spot the last 3 seasons and our dedicated bartender Sean is the bomb! He remembers you and your drinks and can work the room like no other. We even have a room that we always get the game on and sound even when the Saints are playing. The owners Robert and Jim have been very accommodating and are great to work with. A must stop when visiting New Orleans! #seattleseahawks #12'sinNolaPATS NATION!!!! It's so cool traveling the country and having a Pats bar everywhere we go! We went during the Playoffs, and got there right before the game started. We met some other nice fans downstairs who encouraged us to go upstairs where the real party was! Ya! The only bummer was that they were having an issue with the tap being really foamy. Cans it was!A great sports bar on the edge of the Quarter.  This is a go-to place to watch a game, have some good food, and enjoy a cold beverage.After you leave a review for this establishment, expect to get a profanity laced response from their staff. Such professionalism. They apparently can do no wrong and every customer is stupid.This place was pretty damn cool last weekend. The tvs were the best quality. Danielle was awesome and welcoming and funny and had southern laughs and accents and stories we just adored. Definitely be backSuch a great place to watch sports and just hang out. Every single person working there was accomodating, they even put on the Oregon-Cal game for me even though the Astros were playing a big night. Very hospital and great atmosphere for such a busy area. Steve and Kelly were awesome!Fun fun fun fun! Balcony with TVs  right in the quarter!! This spot is great! It's in the heart of everything and the drinks are cheap the food is cool (try the dip) and the staff is great. We met a lot a great people here some people were regulars and some were tourist both were great. So if you wanna watch some football, grab your team gear and come here. If you are a saints fan grab your gear walk in to the American order a hurricane with chips and dip and scream, WHO DAT!  You will fit right in. 
Note the owner is a Steelers fan. He has a whole floor dedicated to the SteelersWe have been going to this place every weekend since August. We have brought friends snd recommended to others but not any longer.  Last night we were asked to leave after the LSU game was over because they had people wanting to see fight.  That was just the end of the saga we experienced last night as we were lied to on several incidents and waited over one and a half hours for onion rings.  They ended up by telling us the would comp us and brought us a copy.  It wasn't our bill.  A total disaster last night I could go on about the rest of it but enough said.  Avoid this place like the plaque!!!My first visit to NOLA and this spot is a MUST! It reminded me of a usual dive bar, but they had outdoor seating on the balcony and each table had its own dedicated tv which I've never seen before. The food was so good! I tried charbroiled oysters here for the first time and loved them! I even tried them at "famous" restaurant and they didn't compare. They had the perfect ratio of cheese and butter. We ended up visiting this place twice while we were there to watch the NBA finals. Our waitress was super attentive at first but once it got busy we had to call her attention. For a major sporting event on TV I would advise making reservations if you want to sit on the balcony. Also, for the dog owners seems dogs are allowed on the balcony. When I visit NOLA again I will definitely be back.Owner is ammmmazzziiing!!!---had the hot dog with pretzel bun--awesome and had any sporting event u would like --WWE,NBA,NHL,PGA, NASCAR,ETC...Waitstaff Excellent!!!There are 8 of us here to watch hockey and all we hear is NBA... do you want us to stay? Do you want us to drink???not without volume dude!!This is a great place to watch sports! They have TVs everywhere and the service is outstanding. The staff is always coming over to ask if there is anything more they can get for the table. The fried prickles and fries are amazing!USE CASH ONLY!!!!!
Tour guide took our group here as a pit stop during a Ghost Tour.   We went upstairs to use the restroom and to get a drink.  Bathrooms were clean and the bartender was quick with our order.   Ordered a drink for my boyfriend and myself, tipped Crystal three dollars.   Checked my credit card statement when I arrived home from vacation and noticed she gave herself a $5 tip.  I was not drunk during the tour.   I called the bar to get this rectified, and emailed them as well.    The phone was never answered and my email was never replied to.  
Gave one star for a clean bathroom and one star for air conditioning.nice, clean, awesome bar on lower d. ... glad to see new places open up! service industry discount is killer. bartenders and service is awesome.Pros:
-Good drink specials
-decent cheap good food 
-away from the craziness of Bourbon St.
-Lots of TV'S
-Friendly staff
Cons:
-They will not have the game you're trying to watch.
The whole reason why we came here was to watch the Spurs vs. the Thunder playoffs game. We asked the bartender a couple of times before the game started if they could turn it to the Spurs/Thunder game. We even said it's playing on the TNT network. The response we got was "Is that basketball or hockey? " WTF? I'm going to let that slide, but you work at a sports bar for goodness sake! Don't ask that! Plus, why does that even matter? Just put it on the channel we asked for!
After a drink, an appetizer , and 15 minutes into the game, no channel was changed. I finally just asked to close out our tab. The bartender did a half apology explaining that they couldn't get  the channel. You have a sitting volleyball game playing on your TV's, but you can't get an NBA playoffs game on?
We would of had a way better experience here if we could actually watch a game we wanted to see. Isn't that the whole point of coming to a Sports bar?The American sporting saloon is  Is a cool place to watch the games no matter if it's college pro basketball whatever sports they also have a outside balcony with TelevisionIf you want to watch your waiter drink beer at noon and flirt with the hot bartender this is the place for you. Otherwise I would not recommend it based on the bad food, dirty tables, and stinky water cups. Wouldn't go again.Do you like sportsing? Great! Because you'll love American Sports Saloon! They sports so hard here you won't know what to watch! 
I came here early with a mate of mine to watch the Liverpool v. Crystal Palace game (that's soccer, if you're curious) because we couldn't find anybody who had the channel. Which makes sense. It's not LSU or the Saints. 
We wanted brunch but I'm not say they have a proper "brunch" menu. They definitely have breakfast items. Like SEVERAL of them. And they are.. totally fine. Same with the mimoas and Bloody Mary's. They were okay, not great, not terrible.
Decent, but not great breakfast, but hey, a big-ass TV to watch Liverpool on and enjoy some early soccer and eat some breakfast. Not so bad.
The bartender was this awesome black guy with short hair. He had that kind of perfect bartender personality where he gives you a bit of shit in a friendly way and then taunts the other bartenders. I'm a sucker for that sorta thing.
That being said, as the Saints game got closer, the service got pretty spotty. And by "pretty spotty" I mean it took about 15 minutes to flag down a bartender to close out. Which is a bit frustrating but eh, what can ya do.
So if you need someone to show you a live sporting event and enjoy food that will keep you alive while enjoying a few quips from your bartender, this is your spot!My wife and I just stopped in to watch the College World Series, have some food and a few drinks.   Great experience.  The loaded fries are superb and the drinks were generous.  Although we were going to sit at a high top the bartender invited us to sit at the bar so she could take great care of us.  Good call.  Would definitely stop back here on our next trip to town.We came here for our first, and last time. Not only were they out of most food items, but the service was really bad too. The waitress was nice but they  were out of most of the items we wanted to eat, the food we ended up getting wasn't good, the waitress never checked on us, and she never cleared anything from the table. Worse part was with 13 minutes left of the football game we came to watch, we were told that they were going to close the 2nd floor and requested that we take our drinks and move to their first floor bar! Even though they had a bunch of staff and friends up there drinking, they apparently just wanted us out. Think twice before you commit to this place for your next sporting event!!We were looking for a good spot to watch Thursday night Football during our visit and stumbled a crossed this place. It wasn't busy however we were there the day after Halloween so most people could have just been too tired to get out. I liked the atmosphere and the fact that I could hear what the person next to me was saying. We sat at the bar where they had plenty of TV's to watch the game and ordered a couple of beers. The bartender was friendly and engaged in conversation with us. I would highly recommend checking this place out when you visit NOLA if your looking for some traditional American food!Shanna was awesome! Drinks were amazing.... $5 mimosas, LOVED the pulled pork nachos. Then the balcony couches were so relaxing. We stayed for 3 hours!!!