One New Orleans music spot I won't be visiting again. The artist appearing was not the one advertised or listed on the website. Also at the door the hostess erroneously confirmed that it was going to be the  artist that was advertised. Additionally advertised time was listed as 8. The hostess once again confirmed the show would start at 8. It ended up starting 40 minutes late. Add to that subpar cocktails that would be disgraceful even at half the price and that makes it a place you want to avoid. It tries to pass itself off as classy and sofisticated but is anything but.I really enjoyed the Burlesque Ballroom show, it was very well done.
Trixie Minx provided really solid renditions of famous jazz standards like "Them There Eyes." The burlesque performances were light hearted and fun to watch. Folks who enjoy burlesque performance will appreciate this show. There is no cover but they ask that you buy drinks.  The kitchen was closed by then and I did feel like drinking so I ordered a coffee and a tea.  It was really fun, which was exactly what I was looking for.Upon entering- you become immediately aware of how comfortable and relaxed this place is. Our hostess approached - we asked if seating was available in this seemingly packed venue.
She politely asked us to wait a moment and scouted about. She returned inquiring if we wouldn't mind sharing a table with another couple - not at all. Seconds later we're perfectly seated - front stage left - to witness the wonderful jazz of Shannon Powell and his band.
The stage - perfect in size - the acoustics just right as voices didn't need to be raised to be heard. In addition our waitress was attentive and professional all evening. While we were fortunate to experience Shannon Powell I can't imagine weak jazz bands playing here.
Of Note: First time visitors may be challenged finding this place. It is actually located inside the Royal Sonesta hotel.
More than worth a visit.Popped by for a bit on a Saturday in Nola. They had a very lively brass band that we very much enjoyed relaxing to. It was nice to have bar snack mix at every table. Their wine selection was pretty extensive, just wished they had more by the glass offerings.Had cocktails and wine at the bar Saturday afternoon. Fun place to watch LSU play (less fun when Florida wound up winning). Barman was funny and attentive. 
Came back that evening to hear the Quartet. Very talented musicians, good selection of accessible tunes. At night, it takes on a cool vibe. Trumpet player/frontman is charismatic and funny. Small dance floor accomodates maybe 8-10 couples.
Cocktail waitress was very attentive and friendly. We'll be back in a couple of weeks when we return to NOLA.This is a nice jazz club, of the swankier variety than what you find on frenchmen street. We went on Wednesday to see Irvin Mayfield himself play, so there is a $15 cover in addition to the one drink minimum per set. We're not really serious jazz aficionados, but it was fun to see a Grammy winner playing in his own club. I think there were a few times where he seemed a little annoyed that the crowd was not more loudly appreciative of his fame and skills, but it wasn't really a full house, and on Bourbon street you've got to assume most of them are tourists like us. Service was a bit slow, but the drinks were good. This is the kind of place I picture when I think of a jazz lounge, so I enjoyed the experience even if its not a regular scene for me.Cocktails were delicious and expertly made! The band that night was great too. Tuesday night and we walked right in and sat right next to the stage. Sometimes it's hard to get service from a waiter at venues like this, but that was not the case here. Our server was very attentive and detail oriented. It was a little hard to find as there are multiple "entrances" to this hotel.The service here was horrible. We sat down and the server walked by us about a dozen times. We attempted to flag her down and make eye contact but to no avail. When the manager came by to see how we were doing, he just made excuses about how busy they were. He eventually brought us drinks but the night was ruined. 
Awesome jazz though.This is right in the Royal Sonesta hotel and the jazz is good, so convenient for those on Bourbon Street.From the secret (speak easy ) entrance to the incredible music, this place is as close to perfect as it gets if you want a loungy, classy jazz club. My mother had her 70th birthday and was serenaded by the band. I think she wants to stay in New Orleans and marry young Leon "Kid Chocolate" Brown....lol....Came to New Orleans for a nursing conference & my two colleagues & I just wanted to have a cocktail, listen to Jazz & relax... We visited the Jazz playhouse on Thursday... James Rivers' jazz band was spectacular! We came back on Friday night for more... there was a Lady singing don't remember her name... it was not as good as James, but shevhad four dancers as part of her show come out one at the time and kept removing their clothes until topless! Very entertaining spec x gentlemen!Saw the burlesque show here Friday night. We had a reservation, and despite the line, we were able to get right in, much to the dismay of the gal waiting in line who did her best to make me aware of the line behind her.  The music was lovely, the dancers were gorgeous and the show was fantastic!  This is a beautiful club. Only downside was the slightly creepy dude taking pictures of the girls while they were getting ready in the courtyard.Nice upscale lounge. Friendly staff. The small bits menu seems reasonably priced. The Louisiana crab cakes were deep fried, crispy on the outside with a good flavor. A good selection of mixed drinks, wines and beers. The live jazz music was good and not too loud. A fine place to sit, eat, drink and enjoy the music.Such a great way to start or end an evening. Fantastic ambience, very attentive service, nice and secluded from the bustling Bourbon outside, and great drinks to boot! On top of all of this the entertainment each night is top-notch. Compile all of this with gorgeous decorations and you have one beautiful jazz club. Would highly recommend, and will definitely continue coming back.The drinks are WAY overpriced. I just looked at my cc statement and realized I payed $20 for a mini-bottle of water and a glass of Riesling!  The venue is great, tucked away in the Royal Sonesta. Even with the commotion of Bourbon Street [and it was extra noisy since it was Final Four basketball tournament w/e] we were able to enjoy the music and couldn't hear anything other than the jazz. Friday's from 12-2am they have a burlesque show and it was great [Trixie is awesome!], very entertaining and not raunchy at all. Again, great venue to listen to live jazz and relax but they need to address the bar prices!
P.S. My friend's boyfriend's band played that night to and they were amazing so if you're there on Friday's from 12-2am you'll get a chance to hear them!We saw the Brassaholics here and they were amazing. Great night and music! So talented!Hands down the best talent in New Orleans as jazz clubs go. Snug Harbor and Maple Leaf are superb, but Mayfield's is the whole package, night in, night out. This place has the sound, the ambiance, and the musicians to lay claim to the title of Best Jazz Club in New Orleans--yes, the audience can be as lifeless as old bacon, but that is not the fault of the club, that's the fault of old people who somehow think jazz means sit on your ass. Get up there and get shakin' and maybe some of them will get the hint.
This is an upscale club, on Bourbon St. with surprisingly reasonable prices for the location and the talent. No cover, so spend liberally. I had great seats to both the Sunday and Monday night performances, and had fine service as well; the staff did a fantastic job of making sure the four of us were well lubricated and fed. 
A word to the wise, there are two "must see" shows in New Orleans in my opinion: one is Ellis Marsalis on Friday night at Snug Harbor, and the other is Gerald French and Original Tuxedo Jazz Band on Monday night. This is a legendary band of some of the best musicians in the city just laying out and having fun, Wendell Brunious sat in on trumpet when I was there. There is not a weak link in that band, and what a mighty band they are! Yolanda Windsay brings a powerful voice to an already sublime sound. If I had to choose between the Tuxedo Jazz Band on Monday night and the Village Vanguard Big Band on Monday night, I'd take Gerald French and the band, they're just more fun, Praise the Lord.Nakina our server was amazing and very attentive. The cocktails were extremely well made and the fried peanut butter and jelly was one of the tastiest desserts I've ever had. This was overall a great experience and a true gem on Bourbon street.This place was so cool! Classy and romantic! The food was pretty good! We got little sliders lol but the drinks were somewhat lacking although they were strong! It would be a 5 start review but I was pretty disappointed with the drinks. I just wish the cocktail bar had a wider variety of drinks lol. But over all I had so much fun! Very talented musicians, I was very impressed! Plus no cover!!!! It was exciting to be in New Orleans and get to see traditional jazz!Wow! I came here on a random Monday night and the music was phenomenal! The drink prices are average for NOLA but the ambiance where you can actually hear who you came with over the Jazz music is a plus. Then a singer came up and she was always on pitch with the music which was an orgasm to my ears. If you're staying at the Royal Sonesta or not, it's an absolute recommend.I went there for my birthday this past Jan. and being in the Sonesta I was expecting awesome jazz music and a great burlesque show. The music was great, the the burlesque was sweet, but there was NO CLASS.
Firstly, the seating was chaos. They wanted me to sit behind 2 large floral arrangements I couldn't even see over back in a corner. When I asked to move, I LITERALLY had to steal two chairs and a table and argue with the manager. As if that wasn't bad enough I had to deal with people screaming all around me at other people to sit down because there were people parked right in front of us standing and we couldn't see the show.
People were falling off their chairs drunk, waltzing in with bottles of beer from the street, no one was wearing anything worthy of being respected. I saw lots of jeans, t-shirts, college jerseys and sneakers. I felt a little cheated. I guess that's what I get for going to a burlesque show at Bourbon St. with no cover.
Oh, and the drinks were overpriced and not ver good. DO NOT recommend the London Fog.We revisited Irving Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse  and watched two great acts.
I also had my first Sazerac cocktail.  The waitress warned me that it was strong but I have to say I loved it!
We saw I.M himself and we saw a fantastic band with an older fellow who played multiple instruments including a bagpipe.  2 awesome evenings!Mmmm this is def a tourist spot. Was hopeful bc of some of the reviews how've it was a miss. The lounge and service were very nice. We only had drinks which were standard fare. The music wasn't actual Jazz but more funk ? Do not purchase reserved seating it is unnecessary and 20 per person.Tired of the tv surrounded sports bars all over NOLA, we looked for a more upscale jazz club and several people pointed us to Irvin Mayfields.  Well, they were right on the money with this one.  The atmosphere was definitely upscale with comfortable seating and excellent live music.  We saw Germaine Bazzle, a legend in her time in New Orleans (as we were told from the local record shop in town).  We had a glass of wine and a couple of appetizers.  It was a great escape from the craziness of Bourbon Street.Great place for jazz! We stayed at the Royal Sonesta and spent a few evenings here. The service was not the greatest and the debris cheese fries we ordered were cold but the music was great! If you're looking for a place to chill away from the madness of Bourbon St, I recommend coming here.A nice way to enjoy great jazz music in the French Quarter in a classy setting. We were a little turned off by the overall nightlife atmosphere in the French Quarter and found this venue to be clean and very enjoyable. When we arrived the hostess who seated us asked if we minded joining another group and we said that was no problem. So she sat us at an empty table for 4 and shortly after another couple was seated with us. It was nice to meet another couple and the performer for the night, The James Rivers Movement, was very talented and quite entertaining. Hearing a couple jazz pieces played on the bagpipes was a unique experience for sure! We enjoyed a drink at our table and had a fun night taking in the jazz of New Orleans.If you are in New Orleans you must partake in the Jazz scene! 
This is the perfect place to go. 
Our admission was free on the Thursday when we attended. 
I loved the atmosphere of the bar, it was dark and elegant, with comfy couches and seats everywhere. 
The service was exceptional and the drinks were priced right.
The band was very entertaining. 
This is definitely a hot spot, not to be missed!Amazing Jazz Club! If you're visiting NOLA for the first time or have never been here then you need to make your way to Irving Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse. This is one of the best jazz clubs in New Orleans you will go to with some of the greatest local jazz talents in the area. You'll get quality jazz in your ears at this club.  They also offer drinks and appetizers. Try the chicken and waffles, it's a New Orleans staple and it's really yummy!Calm, relaxed atmosphere. Older crowd. Nice jazz music, no cover Monday night. Drinks average $10-$14 dollars. Not bad. My drink didn't taste like it had any alcohol in it (the Pomegranate Mango); music was nice but slow to pick up, but eventually it was grooving.Not only a great staff and a wide variety of drinks, but I spent nearly the entire weekend enjoying some of the best jazz I've heard in years (and I'm a professional musician).This venue is great! Small and intimate, all good seats, and every night we were there the music was fabulous. Also was able to see the burlesque show and really do recommend it. Trixie Minx is fun to watch and Romy Kaye and her band are outstanding. Cocktails are pricey but well made. The Vieux Carre was excellent. I didn't love the hotel itself, but to be fair I must highly recommend the club. I will return.Great jazz and atmosphere! Environment is intimate and cozy. A great fine in the mist of the craziness of Bourbon st.Had a great time here while attending a burlesque show the first night I had arrived.  The cast is interactive with the audience and the atmosphere is friendly, classy and relaxed.  Beautiful establishment!i'd love to give 3 stars, but i just... can not.
just a newbie to New Orleans, my friend who's a local LOVES this place. she is a regular there, and has dropped serious (serious to me anyway, over $500 total) cash there.
knowing this, i thought "yes, i am finally getting to experience a real jazz lounge!"
walked in, and while the setting was intimate, and definitely agree about devious behaviour being encouraged by the ambiance; well, THE SERVICE SUCKED.
we asked for water to get us started while we looked at the drink menu. Oh yes, we were planning to drink. the server said, "I can order water, but, you know it's a 1-drink minimum?" I said, "i understand, but we'll start w/water just until we can review the drink menu and figure out what we want."
she never ordered the water. then she brought the people next to us 2 glasses of water.
HMPH. i understand it was busy, i understand blah blah blah. 20 minutes went by and she could have at least said "i'm sorry for the wait, i haven't forgotten." 
so i asked if we could order food, because after all, they had some good things on their Bites menu. "let me ask the kitchen." EXCUSE ME? YOU JUST BROUGHT PLATES/SILVERWARE/NAPKINS TO PEOPLE I JUST SAW WALK IN!
so, after that, we asked for water again, along w/my drink, and then we got up and walked out. 
i don't care WHAT TYPE OUR BOURGEOIS JOINT you're trying to run: this was UNacceptable.
won't return. may try the #2 location, but this one - I CAN'T BE BOTHERED with.Great Jazz Great atmosphere. Stayed at the Royal Sonesta so it was a treat to just head to the lobby and enjoy some great live music and drinks.The food was average and the drinks are overpriced.  However, what makes this spot so great is the live music. Don Vappie jazz band was amazing and the Brass-a-holics a GoGo/hip hop/Pop band set the place off!!! Everyone was dancing and having a great time. Definitely, worth checking out.Great vibe and atmosphere. One drink minimum required.  Saxophonist was great and acoustic was good. Would recommend for matin wanting a taste of jazz night life in NOLA.Atmosphere, atmosphere, and more atmosphere. The band was excellent and the venue even better. We had the worst seat in the house and didn't mind a bit. The specialty cocktails are a little out there.  I tried the cucumber margarita, and while I'd likely not try it again, it definitely added to the other worldly upscale experience. The cool thing about this place is you see classy folks in cocktail gowns, the college set in wrinkled t's, and everything in between.  Of the several jazz venues we visited in the quarter this one was definitely our favorite.Awesome evening here while visiting New Orleans.  I really appreciated the ambiance and upscale persona of this place.  Don't get me wrong, I love swanky no frills jazz bars, but there are times it's nice to dress the part and go a bit more upscale.Amazing place!
With a rotation of bands nightly, how can One go wrong in this beautiful setting listening to great music?
 If you do wish the table, get there early or reserve your table ahead of time. The place does get crowded
Highly recommend!Second night here this week while in town for s conference. Different musicians every night. Relaxing environment.Went here my furst time in New Orleans and I really really enjoyed this experience. This spot has a great vibe and great music! It's a nice indoor getaway from the busy scene of Bourbon Street.Pretty good jazz band, cocktails are really good and the ambience in the room sets a nice mood for after hours unwinding. Right off Bourbon. If you're looking for a place where you want an authentic New Orleans experience check this place out.We were here for a wedding and they asked us to keep quiet which we complied with.  Then they kicked us out because apparently we were not quiet enough, although no one complained... music was great, but management is horrendous.Found this place on Yelp, just wish finding the actual club were as easy.  After walking around the hotel for a bit trying to figure out where it was, we finally came across it.
Friday night jazz band was great - LOVED the no cover charge.  Just a one drink minimum per set.
Stayed for the Burlesque show - starts at midnight on Fridays.  First time seeing a show, and it was a lot of fun.  Sassy, sexy, and amazing music - there was a great singer performing.  
This is the perfect place to get your fill of Jazz music (in the a/c - unlike Preservation Hall) - right on Bourbon Street, while still feeling like it's SO FAR from Bourbon Street. (in ambiance)So we went on line and paid $20 per person to a see a Wednesday night trio perform a 8pm. The band piddled in at 8:05, placing instruments on stage, drinking lots of wine and goofing off at the bar. The first note was played at 8:32. Very unprofessional. The trio: piano, bass player and drummer were solid, the trumpet and horn players were horrible.
Our server was mechanical. She wasn't rude, just blank. She did not exude "hospitality" like one might except at an upscale hotel.in fact, the servers at the Ruby Slipper are 1000x more friendly and welcoming for a diner breakfast. For God's sake, this is supposed to be FUN!!!
The cocktails were also sub par compared to other local clubs. What a crushing disappointment. As we left after two songs and surveyed the geriatric NY retirement crowd we confirmed we will NOT be staying at the Royal Sonesta on future trips. Back to the Ritz Carlton.Went here to listen to Grammy Winner & Apollo Resident, Irvin Mayfield. That dude has major talent & lungs! I wish there was a gift shop of his stuff!I could write a lengthy prose about all the the things I dislike about Bourbon street yet this is the one place that would make me disregard all those concerns and come back over and over again.
The setting is intimate, the decor is classy, and best of all the weekend shows are free. The crowd on the weekends is mostly older and a stark contrast to the boisterousness you'll find on Bourbon street just right outside the Royal Sonesta's doors. 
Every Friday night they feature a jazz band with an old school burlesque show around midnight. Arrive early for some pre-game jazz that will set the mood for transporting you back to a different era. It's the perfect warm up and if you ignore the crowd, look ahead, and focus on the performers pretty soon you'll forget that it is 2012 rather than 1932. 
Friday shows seem to fill up quickly. Even around 10 it is standing room only. If you don't mind standing you'll be fine. 
As if the Burlesque isn't enough, every Saturday they feature a brass band at midnight as well. It doesn't get as packed as Fridays so you can usually find a good seat even if you arrive late. I've seen some truly remarkable jazz performances on these nights. 
While Fridays and Saturdays are free shows be wary of the drink prices. It is a hotel after all and the prices reflect that. 
This is one my favorite places on the planet and I long for the day I can return to New Orleans as this is always the highlight of my trip.This is one of the few music clubs in town that virtually never has a cover. And it's right on Bourbon Street (okay, just "off" Bourbon Street because the entrance is a few steps inside the classy Royal Sonesta Hotel).  I've seen a number of folks here including Irvin Mayfield, Kermit Ruffins, Wendell Brunious, and Don Vappie and I have to say it's a perfect setting for most music though get there by show time otherwise the tables fill up quickly on the weekends at least.
Wine & drink options are fine but very overpriced - there's also a one drink minimum which is completely fine given that there's no cover charge.  And speaking of no cover charge, please make sure you tip the band because it ain't easy to make a living in music and if you're getting in without a cover they're basically playing for free.  One thing I wouldn't advise at Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse is to get food.  DO NOT EAT HERE because the appetizers they offer here are just not good.  I've had a better burger at a school cafeteria than the 2 small "Kobe Sliders" with onion rings offered on the menu for $12.  Fried green tomatoes - no.  Crab cakes, clearly pre-made and just thrown into a fryer.  There are plenty of good sit-down places nearby (including 2 in this same hotel!) or if you're looking for something casual go to Killer Poboys which is less than a block away but by all means please don't waste a New Orleans meal at Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse.
Overall, I'm a fan for good music in the French Quarter - which is hard enough to find on its own - but also a classy atmosphere on Bourbon Street.  Pretty nice option.We stumbled upon this great venue.   We got there early to get a good seat.  There didn't seem to be a bad seat in the house.   We ordered appetizers...got Debris Fries, artichoke dip and crab macroni.  The bow ties crackers served with the crab dip were so unique and delicious.  They were all really good.   The BEST of the night was the fried  peanut butter and jelly!!!!  Music was great!  Very classy but casual venue.  Will recommend this to friends that are coming to New Orleans!  FYI tip is included but called a cork fee.I can always count on Irvin Mayfield's to deliver the class and jazz on trips to NOLA.
Thursday nights--James Rivers is THE man! When was the last time you seen flute, harmonica, saxphone and the bagpipes all played by the same guy in a Bourbon Street jazz club?! Never.
Sexy atmosphere. We saw a couple of kids, which I was slightly confused about. While the raunchiness of Bourbon Street doesn't dare enter this establishment, this is definitely a mature environment.The best highlight of our time spent in New Orleans. Any night of the week it is filled with unique people down for some jazz. The hotel is beautiful, the drinks are delicious and a little pricey, but definitely worth it. Music was absolutely incredible. If you're in town for only one hour, spend it here.Went here four out of five nights. Started with the amazing Gerald French. Experienced sax player Choo Choo Pascal and the amazing Irvin Mayfield.  This is a must see.My husband and I came here several night ( after the Jazz and Heritage Festival). The drinks are reasonable and the music was great!  We will be back! See you next year.Love the burlesque show here on Friday nights! Place is cozy and feels like you stepped back in time. Drinks are good and you can't beat that the burlesque show is free!Live jazz on a Sunday at The Mayfield is an ode to pure artistry.  Miss Brazile voice was historically amazing, she uses her voice as an instrument. Also try the chargrill oysters, they are buttery delightful.The food and drinks are excellent .... and the music is perfect authentic true Jazz. Look for it inside the hotel .... the perfect upscale hidden gem on bourbon street.Went Friday night for the music and burlesque.  It was a great time.  The service was very friendly and helpful.  The shows were great, amusing entertaining and sexy.  The food was great.  Had the sliders and was shocked how good they were.    Would recommend this to anyone visiting the area.Loved every moment at this place such nice jazz club. Plus the drinks are awesome.I'm not ashamed to say that this gem of a live music venue was discovered via Dave, a local guide for Historic New Orleans Walking Tours. 
All along, Dave was keeping it real, throwing in insightful personal commentary alongside illuminating facts. Above all, he lamented the decline of the Bourbon Street music scene. 
Ushering us into this quiet wing off the Royal Sonesta's decadent lobby, he mentioned that we were now sitting in one of the few remaining places on the main drag where one could hear some good tunes. 
"And not even a cover," he added.
The '70s influenced decorations, bundt shaped couches, and blue lit Kubrick-esque bar had all the exclusivity of NYC's Boom Boom Room but none of the pretension on the old world charm at ground level on one of the oldest blocks of the Crescent City.
As Dave went on to transport us through time with true stories chronicling everything from the time of Native Americans to continuing Katrina relief efforts and the talent of Drew Brees, my friend and I eyed the empty stage. It seemed poised for greatness; like a set one might see in a fine play house rather than a hokey hotel bar. Our suspicions about taking the advice of a tour guide melted off, and we determined to come back.
Later that night (Halloween), we showed up as the twins from The Shining, with fake blood smeared all across our torsos. Before the doormen could even greet us, I demanded a restroom and ran out through the courtyard to make it to the bathroom before my Hurricane rained down...
Much relieved, my friend and I sidled up to the door like the succubi we were.
"Can we...go in there dressed like this?" We asked. The hostess raised her face, and we saw that it was painted all over with a hideous vein-like zombie design. 
"Well, I'M made up like this, so I do think so!" She drawled, leading us into the room. There were couples, elderly women, a few Asian visitors (there are always a few in any place worth visitng), and then there were us. No one glared at us or anything, and within moments, we snagged prime seats at the bar, where my friend had a Prosecco and I had the "Blood Punch" bartender's special - essentially a fancy Hurricane. The fact that there was a one drink minimum did not dampen our excitement, as we had aimed to imbibe the delicious concoctions anyway.
We sat with our backs towards the bar and enjoyed a full on performance the Original Tuxedo Jazz Band, whose musicians carried on a tradition begun in 1910. 
In other venues, jazz can easily come off as hokey, derivative, or overdressed. This performance was none of these things. 
As the vocalist crooned about missing New Orleans and writing herself a love letter, and as the drummer winked at me in the middle of a complex beat and the bassist's fingers high stepped over four joyous strings, I got pretty misty myself...imagine a bloodied icon of a Kubrick movie, slumped over in a bar stool with watery eyes and a permagrin, kicking her white-knee-socked legs with Mary Janes on her feet...
Later, the bassist - an elegant grandpa figure indeed - asked us about our costumes. I was completely starstruck...
I feel lucky to have been led by the hand of a big hearted local to this enclave of New Orleans's treasured jazz heritage, for now I can say with a straight face that I DID see live music - enjoy it - during my time in the "big easy."My husband brought me here to listen to live jazz and Michael Watson and the Alchemy were playing. Absolutely a great band. My only issue is that it is the same weekend as the red dress run and so many people were walking in and out and making scenes. They were promptly kicked out by the staff which was great because it was hard to keep focus on the band with all of those distractionsWe decided to go there on a whim last Friday evening after dinner. It was our last night in New Orleans and we realized that we hadn't seen any jazz shows. I didn't want to buy tickets to anything and I didn't want to wait in line, so this place seemed perfect. The web site had indicated that you could attend the show for the price of a drink. The Jazz Playhouse is located inside the Sonesta Hotel on Bourbon. I knew there would be a show starting at 8:00pm, so my husband and I got there at around 7:30 just to get situated. We were greeted by a very friendly hostess, who let us choose a table near the stage (but not in the front row, as those seats were reserved for people who bought tickets). We ordered a bottle of wine ($40), since it seemed a better deal than individual glasses ($10). Our seats were great; we had a direct view of the stage. The lounge was clean, elegantly decorated, and a little glam, too. Our server, Nakima, was wonderful. Closer to 8, the tables started to fill. The crowd was mostly couples and skewed older. The Nayo Jones Experience came onstage on time. They were fantastic! The band was super talented, and Nayo herself was a class act. She sang mostly jazz standards (At Last, Summertime, Feeling Good, etc.) and she and her band made sure the crowd was entertained. There were several tables celebrating birthdays and Nayo sang happy birthday to them. We had such a good time that we stayed for the second set (ended around 11:30pm). This was the highlight of our entire vacation in New Orleans. Highly recommend!4/5 go ahead and try it on a sunday night.
so i almost never ever walk into anything inside a hotel in nola. it's just like *crickets* as an option.
but a colleague was in town from DC, and his newly networked friend told us about ms. germaine on sunday evenings. well my golly, it is a treat. she is so good, it brings to life a quality of new orleans (albeit staged) that really does feel like a good time. dooo doo dooooo do ba ba ba pa pa shhhh haaa zing! she'll do a set every hour or so, so just if you come and they're not on stage or she's midway, stick around for another round. the drinks are a little pricier by nola standard, but with her show it' worth it.The best jazz experience of our entire trip to NOLA.  Drummer Jason Marsalis met and exceeded all expectations with his superb three-piece.  It was especially nice to see him give five different local musicians (including two fellow drummers) a chance to come up from the audience and shine.  The ambience of the swanky jazz club was par excellence and the specialty martinis (strawberry and mango-pomegranate) were out of sight!This is my first trip to New Orleans, and Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse in the Royal Sonesta Hotel quickly became a favorite. Tonight a jazz band is currently playing jazz with a Latin twist, and I am liking it. I can't tell you anything about the food, but the drinks are okay for Bourbon Street, the service is good, and the music is excellent. If you are a tourist, looking for a place to listen to live music, you will not be disappointed here, and you even may discover a love for jazz you never knew you had, as I did.Outstanding jazz in a super cool and quiet venue.  Good cocktails make for a memorable experience.I can see why This place gets some good reviews because the atmosphere is cool and the band that plays during the burlesque show was FANTASTIC however we arrived early to get seats to see the show and much to our dismay they allowed people entry and to stand in front of all of us that had been there spending money for over an hour and we could not see a thing.  The waitress said she would ask the manager to ask them to find a seat or stand in the back but after 20 minutes nothing happened so we left   We stayed at the hotel and went to a cocktail party here and that was fine. I would not go again.Came here to see Robin Barnes, the show as advertised as being open to the public in all publications and when we get there was dismayed when we were told it was a private show. Even Robin did not know that it was a private show because if she did the fee she would have charged would have been more. This place screws fans and entertainers alike and goes well the recent reputation of its namesake, just stay away.Here's where you  need to be on Saturday nights when the clock strikes midnight. 
Brass bands play on most Saturday nights,which include, but not limited to:
Soul Rebels
Free Agents
Hot 8Beyond the fact that Irvin Mayfield is involved in this place and who's playing, not much info is available on their website. So here's the deal: There's no cover charge but there's a one-drink minimum and drinks are exorbitant ($6.50 for a small draft beer, $9 for a martini). There's no smoking. The music is listed as starting at 8 but really starts a little before 9.
The atmosphere is so-so. Since there's no cover charge and it's in a hotel, you've got lots of people popping in and out. Some people are dressed up and some people are wearing jeans and t-shirts. There's a fair amount of chatter. Food is available to order. The staff seems friendly and professional.
I was a little disappointed in the music in that I was hoping for more of a serious jazz experience and instead we got a touristy thing where they mostly played warhorses (Take the A Train, Route 66).
One odd thing is that they have a TV screen pretty close to the stage playing black and white videos of real jazz. They don't turn it off during the performance, so you've got Sonny Rollins on TV playing sax while a trumpeter plays a few feet away in real life. It's distracting.
All in all, a decent addition to the music scene, but go more for a good time than a hardcore jazz experience.Great live music, talented band. Right on Bourbon Street in the Royal Sonesta Hotel. No cover, one drink minimum. Exactly what I expected a New Orleans jazz club to be!We celebrated the 2018 New Year in New Orleans and it was unbelievably cold.  This place is one of the wows of the trip.   The Original Tuxedo Band was just amazing, like an embodiment of all things New Orleans.
The jazz was divine and the venue was great for it- classy and comfortable and romantic.   We reserved a seat for 20 bucks and it was totally perfect -  gorgeous music, nice drinks and the world stepped outside for the couple of hours we were there.   It was a lovely experience.We stayed at the Royal Sonesta and decided to eat here for dinner one night, especially since a Jazz band was playing that night.  Our drinks were really good and the food for the most part was really good as well.  The crab cakes were phenomenal! Everything else was okay.  Service was great and band even better!Luxurious! Cocktails are about $12-15. I had pomegranate tini and it was great!
Don't be too surprise if you are the only one in early 30's! :pOn our honeymoon to NOLA, hubby and I knew we had to make a stop at this legendary spot.  Both being jazz musicians, we know finding places to listen to authentic jazz music ANYWHERE are few and far between. The evening we went, Jason Marsalis was playing with his trio.   While we only got drinks, they also give you a generous portion of a gardetto's-like mix to snack on.  Our hostess was warm and welcoming, and our waitress was more than attentive.  All in all, a great evening!This little paradise is only minutes from anywhere in downtown NO.   We walked there from the convention center no problems.  Great entertainment and Great service for as packed in as we were.  !!
Fun Night!!!  Gotta get back!Elegant place to listen to fantastic jazz. The musicians were clearly having so much fun and they were very very good, we are so glad we chose this place. Comfortable seats and attentive wait staff makes the experience even better.Hidden in the Royal Sonesta Hotel, this quiet alcove is a respite from the debauchery and accompanying smells of Bourbon Street. Tonight's performers were incredible. The music is a mix of new creations and old favorites with the performer's unique flavor. Nice place for a glass of wine or scotch and some good soulful jazz.One of the very best things I did when in New Orleans...Irvin Mayfield's.  One of the best times I have had listening to music ever.   The band was excellent and Irvin joined in on the 2nd set.  A true winner.   
The night I went Glen David Andrews performed...he and the sax guy were amazing along with the rest of the group.
Hint: If you want a reservation call a day or more ahead.  Same day reservations are not taken.This is as good as it gets! While on vacation, the hotel we were staying at suggested the playhouse for entertainment, and boy were we happy we went. 
The charming hostess and a friendly waitress who remembered us and our seating and drink preferences (we went twice!) really set the standard for the evening. The atmosphere is a much appreciated break from the raunch-fest taking place outside the doors of the Royal Sonesta hotel. With comfy couches and inviting lighting, the room is intimate and soothing. Drinks were a bit pricey, but well worth the cost. I'll tell you, these were some of the best drinks we've had all vacation (try the pear flower!). 
Of course, the music is really the highlight of it all. The musicians are exceedingly talented and interactive with the audience. We had the pleasure of watching Irvin and the Nojo band and we loved every minute of it. But the other band we saw was just as delightful. Really, no matter what night you go, you're in for a special evening indeed. When in town, make an effort to stop by---you won't regret it!Love the ambiance, I came here for a private event last year & truly enjoyed it. Came back a few months ago after a meeting at the hotel and enjoyed it even more. The cocktails are a little pricey but for the intimate atmosphere you get and the fact that the drinks had some kick to them, it was worth it. You can also look out to their beautiful courtyard or enjoy the live music with no cover charge ever. In fact we watched a wedding being performed while we were there. Thought its right on Bourbon St, there is no rowdiness to it,  it feels like a little hideaway spot.I worked at the Sonesta Hotel a long time ago ,last night I ran into an ex employee and he invited me inside for a drink and to see the show, everything about the club was 5 stars except the billing procedures. I also seen a friend who had the same problem which was paying the bill. I took way too much time to get the check when you asked for it and when you go into an establishment, and have a good time, five stars turns to three when you have to Wait over 30 minutes to get the check and they were not even busyThis place is really beautiful on the inside, a really nice lounge. We rocked up at about 12 after a few drinks already, keen for the burlesque show. We caught the end of the jazz band's set, which i wish we could've seen more of.
The burlesque show itself was really classy and cool, i've never been to one before and i enjoyed it. Loved the backing band even more, the trumpeter/vocalist was amazing, in fact all the trumpeter/vocalists i've seen since being in New Orleans have been amazing. 
The one drink minimum is fine considering there's no cover charge, however our waitress was coming over to our table every 2 minutes asking us if we wanted another drink, even though we had barely put a dent in our beers. That got a little annoying, but i suppose she was just doing her job.If Bourbon street is not your thing and you want to enjoy some jazz this is a great venue. I do not profess to be a jazz expert, I simply love music.  The night we stopped in there was a 3 piece trio with 2 singers performing.  Service was good and they offer food along with beverages.  No cover or drink minimum when we stopped in.
 Wish we had found this place sooner.We strolled in Saturday night to hear the live jazz band. Leroy Brown was the leader, playing amazing trumpet like the jazz greats, and singing too. Trombone, piano, bass, and drums--all wonderful jazz musicians but I cannot recall their names. We had a couple of drinks and listened to a couple of sets, blissfully. No cover, drinks fine (but not our reason for going), decent service. Loved it!We saw Germaine Bazzle & band. The music was one of the best life performances I've seen. The drinks were good and  a bit overpriced, but that's ok because there is no cover charge. I found disturbing that a photographer jumped around in front of the stage and took pics all the time. The snacks on the tables tasted old.OMG!!!!!!! It was so popular that me and my friend had to stand for the first hour until we got a seat. but I loveeeee the band, and to my surprise, HALEY REINHART was there and performed with the band!!!! true jazz true soul music! love it!A local reccomended this place. The bar is beautiful and the jazz musicians are wonderful. The waitstaff was beyond rude-after one round we ended up getting drinks from the bar. We came to see the burlesque show and it was boring--no wonder it was at midnight-people needed to be really drunk to enjoy it.Great Jazz, not so great service. The service in this place is just sadly slow and it makes you feel forgotten.It's an intimate hotel bar - cozy yet sophisticated - with a solid cocktail and wine menu.  I had some pear vodka concoction that was amazing.
Went on a Friday night and caught the end of the jazz band's set and the beginning of the burlesque show...both were really good, wish I could have seen both shows in their entirety.Early show was 5-8  ($5 drink specials).  2nd show started at 8:30.  Seats were hard to come by as of 8:00.  No cover.  Great jazz show with excellent svc.  Business casual to dressy.  Safe & comfy inside the Royal Sonesta Hotel @ 300 Bourbon.  Sasha Masakowski was the early performer; loved her.I loved this place, great music and wonderful drink menu. Very elegant but a great place to relax and hang out. Service was slow but that's the only issue we had.Came here for after dinner live music. $5 drinks from 5-8pm is great if ur on a budget and want a classy experience on Bourbon st.! 
That being said... You will enjoy the experience if you don't mind having a snooty server. It could be my imagination but if the whole party agreed on it then it wasn't just me.  The crowd average age is about 55+. 
I would still recommend it for any out-of-towners visiting NoLa.Nice place to see live music inside the Royal Sonesta hotel on Bourbon Street. I was here on a Friday for their 4pm show and only issue is that there was only one cocktail waitress and the place was almost full.  She was running around as best she could, but drinks were extremely slow.  Please get her some help and you'll get more in bar sales.Bourbon Street is a urine-filled, vomit-reeking region of sketchy men with beads. Don't be distracted. Duck into Irvin Mayfield's and redeem your nose, ears and eyes with an evening of polite jazz and blues, and if you're lucky it might even be open mic night, like it was on my last visit. The voices are across the board, from good to just wrong, but the vibe is constantly fun. No need to jostle for drinks and food at the bar, as waitresses regularly circle the room and promptly take orders. In short, if you want a wild time take it outside, but if you want to stay classy (San Diego), check out Mr. Mayfield's.
Ladies, take note. This place has the rapiest bathroom ever. Its across a corridor and down and long hall, and it just feels wrong. Definitely take a friend.Smooth Jazz in an upscale environment.  We got there around 8:15 on a Friday evening.  There weren't too many people when we first got there but when we left at 9:30, it was fairly busy.  There is no cover charge and we had a great table near the stage. I had the Mac & Cheese ($13) and my friend had the shrimp remoulade ($12), both which were pretty good.  I gave it 4 stars because (1) I'm more of a rock and roll person and this was smooth jazz.  Sometimes when I'm listening to jazz it sounds like everyone is playing a different song, and (2) I got a drink called French 75 ($14) which I absolutely hated.  Generally I like those flavored drinks that don't taste like alcoholic drinks.  Whatever was in this was yucky.  Our bill for the 2 appetizers and 2 drinks was $56, not counting the tip for the server or band.  Seems a little expensive to me. The crowd was varied, from people in their 20's to people in the 70s.  Clothing was also varied from shorts and sandals to suits and dresses. Service by the waitress (Nicky?) was excellent. The musicians were all very talented.  A good side trip from the craziness of the streets.Strange thing about Facebook. People you haven't seen or thought about much in 20 years may realize that you are in their city for the weekend and volunteer to be your tour guide for the night. That's what happened to me on my last visit to NOLA, and that's how I wound up at Irvin Mayfield's listening to jazz and watching pretty ladies dancing in pasties.
My local friend, Juli, put us on the guest list for the inaugural engagement of Burlesque Ballroom featuring Fleur de Tease with music by Leon "Kid Chocolate" Brown and his 4 piece combo.  Juli must be in pretty thick with these folks, as we were greeted personally by all of the dancers, Kid, and even Grammy-nominated Mr. Mayfield himself. Impressive.
The ladies of Fleur de Tease performed on the small dance floor in front of the low stage, as well as atop a couple of cocktail table-sized platforms around the room. For the uninitiated, burlesque is not your typical bachelor party strip show but rather a throwback to the "classy" 1940's-50's era of strip tease with natural bodies, vintage costumes and props, a big dose of humor, and no actual nudity. It seems almost chaste compared to the raunchy displays found every 3rd window down on Bourbon St and the FDT ladies put on a fun show.
Kid Chocolate was an entertaining master of ceremonies, adorable enough that I forgave his constant encouragement (via often comical non sequiter toasts) to drink more booze at $10-$12 per glass. Since there's no cover and no tipping the performers, they've gotta earn a living somehow. Besides, the lounge is gorgeous and comfortable, definitely a respite from the rest of the seedy haunts around the Quarter, and at these drink prices, not a college frat daddy in sight.
I agree with Steve C about the decor, the diverse crowd, and the friendly service at the Playhouse. This is a place I'd enjoy returning to, except next time I'd save a few bucks by drinking beer or well drinks.We planned ahead and arrived around 6:45pm for the 7pm show with Germaine Bazzle on Sunday.  We were surprised to find the room nearly empty so we basically got to sit anywhere.  The host/hostess was nowhere in sight so we decided to sat ourselves.  With that, it took what appears to be the only waitress 20 minutes before noticing us while she chatted it up with a table.  All the while, the band was just setting up, sound testing...well beyond 7pm.  
After we got the menu and ordered our drinks, a coke and a beer, it took another 20 minutes before someone came over and asked us to be patient as they only have one bartender.  There were less than 20 people, one bartender can handle 20 people without a 20 minute wait.
The room got half full but never filled up.  It is so rude for parents to bring babies and tots with them and not quick enough to walk away when they start crying and screaming.
Very disappointing experience.It's pretty nice but for the price and the location, I wish they valeted.  I got a Chopin martini and it was per-FECT.  The second one didn't taste like Chopin, which is fine but it's what I ordered so I felt a wee bit swindled.
We got seated right behind a big support column so our view of the stage was obstructed.  We were there for the burlesque show but caught the end of Kid Chocolate's set, which made me happy because I had a big, school-girl crush on him many moons ago.  The show wasn't what I thought it would be.  It was less a show with all of the performers on stage and more one woman singing and a bunch of other girls flitting around the room in their pasties.  I was expecting more of a choreographed show but I am admittedly not someone who knows much about burlesque.  The girls were very sweet though and some of their outfits would make great Halloween or Mardi Gras costumes.  Glad I went but not anxious to go back.We had an absolutely lovely night in this slick jazz club in the heart of the French Quarter.  The music was excellent and when Irvin sat in for a couple of songs everything went up another notch.  This was top notch live jazz.  The place was packed, but it wasn't impossible to get a seat.  They take reservations and I would recommend making one to ensure premium seating.  The service was good and attentive.  We will definitely return the next time we hit the Big Easy.4 old guys that looked like they'd rather be somewhere else. Where are the awesome black Jazz musiciansNo cover, but there is a one-drink minimum.   If you want to call in advance and reserve a seat, good luck.  We tried several times during afternoon hours with no success.  Try after 7:30pm.I don't know much about jazz music, but it wasn't difficult to figure out that musicians here were simply outstanding. Make sure you come earlier or make reservations if you want to secure a seat.Really nice break from all the hustle bustle on Bourbon Street. This place is very busy on the weekend so I definitely recommend a reservation several days in advance. Myself and another guests reservations did not make it to the door so I suggest calling the day before to confirm your reservation so you do not get stuck outside waiting. The staff was accommodating and made room for us. Our waitress was a little rude and we over heard her complaining behind us about having to split the check even though we courteous and ordered many drinks and a few bottles of wine. The Friday burlesque show is very classy with a very talented singer, band and dancers. Definitely recommend for a nice classy evening with great drinks and great music.Had some family visiting from Chicago and took them to see The Gerald French Band, they were very entertaining and we had a great time. They have a great venue here.Awesome venue for jazz music. Even on a Tuesday night. Came here on a recommendation from our bartender at the Hotel Monteleone. 
No cover. Great drinks. But this is not about that. This is about the music!
Simple. Piano, bass, drums, sax and trumpet. Who knew this combination of musical instruments could create feelings of joy, sadness, wistfulness and longing.  The musicians were truly truly talented. Why they weren't world famous is a travesty. Sat through the entire night mesmerized. Toward the end of the set they even invited some tourists up there to sing and play. So cool. 
Go. And be amazed.Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse is a cute little jazz club located in the Royal Sonesta Hotel.
I had the opportunity to be there yesterday evening between 5pm and 8pm. 
I'm not sure how it is the rest of the week, but the atmosphere is laid-back and cool with live jazz playing in the background.
It's a place that you can groove to some good music, while also having a nice conversation with friends.
There was no line at this time of day, and other than our party of about 20, there was another party of about 10, so we felt like we had the whole place to ourselves.
There is a full bar, so I ordered a French 75 with Cognac. It was quite delicious. I definitely put it up there in my top 3.
Though I'm not quite sure about the atmosphere during busier times, I would definitely recommend Irvin Mayfied's Jazz Playhouse for someone looking for something than the usual after work Happy Hour.This is a great place. However, their website is confusing as to them the boss is playing - or it's not well-optimized for mobile apps 
Comfortable, attractive and good
Sound system. 
Had one great night there. Swing by tow others, but weren't interested in the entertainment or thought it was Mayfield himself. 
It is however, a little spendy.The jazz here is terrific and the ambiance is very classy and relaxed. The food is pretty good as well as the drinks. I would definitely recommend if you want a night out in a nice setting.Yes Yes and YES! I was with my parental units in New Orleans and they wanted some damn jazz, yall! So we looked and found naught until I pulled this little gem up on the Yelp. Germaine Bazzle was doing her thang there and we just plopped right down to let our ears do some serious listening.
She's one of those ladies of incalculable age -- exactly what you think of when you picture a jazz singer in your head. Slender, short gray hair and these silky pipes. She was subtle with her tunes -- not the rip roaring throaty type, just some natural rhythm and talent and scat a dat dat. 
I didn't pay for the drinks so I dont know how $$ they are but I would imagine that they're not inexpensive. Worth a stop though. Oh and ask for the bar snacks -- they're free but you have to actually request them. Spicyyyyy!First--hostess was super cool. We came by a couple hours early to make a reservation. We then showed up 30 min late and not only did they honor the reservation, but gave us what I think were the best seats in the house. 
Second--food was great. We had the crab mac and cheese--I could have had another two servings it was that yummy. We also had the fried PB&J--what an interesting amd tasty dessert. 
Third--the entertainment. We had the pleasure of listening to Pete Harris and band, such talented and classy artists. And as icing on top, we got to enjoy the singing and scat-ing of the lovely Germaine (sp?). Her voice was so special and so magic. We had our most delightful evening in NOLA at Irvin Mayfield's.Sophisticated, yet casual atmosphere. The music was good and it was a nice place to relax with coworkers. Service was pretty good (friendly & fast), but prices a little high. The band did a nice job engaging the audience and fully "entertaining." It was a classy-enough joint that I almost forgot I was on Bourbon Street!We thought we had no other option, as Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse was in our hotel. However, after stopping in, it became a favorite option.
Two nights in a row, we topped our evening off here. The service is fantastic. The appetizers and drinks are tasty. The show each night was stellar.
The burlesque show on Fridays is a must see. I'd never seen a burlesque show, but our friends talked us into attending. Surprisingly, it was tasteful yet fun. The dancers were great entertainers.
On another evening, we enjoyed the music of Linnzi Zaorski. Her band was so good that we bought two CDs. 
If ever back in NOLA, we'll check the calendar for the shows at Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse. No cover. No end of talent. What a show!Great jazz performance! Love everything about this place. It's the perfect place to spend the night after a long day!This jazz bar screams sex appeal. Located in the schmancy Royal Sonesta Hotel you enter through black velvet curtains into a cozy space full of tight tables and rounded lounge seats.
There was no cover or wait when we went on a late Thursday night. We just sidled up to one of the tables and ordered from their amazing cocktail list, some with local, seasonal ingredients.
The mood of the night was smooth jazz, we were feeling all relaxed until the lead singer brought out his bagpipes. WHAAAA
We were sad when it was all over.Sweet attendance, a bit expensive. Charming decor.
Air conditioning too loud.
After all, didn't match my expectations.Very classy jazz club! 
Great atmosphere and cordial wait staff. The Hostess even went the extra mile to seat us close to the stage.  It has a cozy atmosphere and the drinks are spectacular. You're going to pay a little bit more here but it's to be expected for an upscale club.  I suggest getting there at least 30 minutes before a set starts for good seating and even earlier for a well known artist.  Across the street is Oceana Grill which is the perfect place to grab something to eat before the show.Irvin Mayfields is a great place for jazz!  The bartender's Jake and Tiffany are the best bartender's in town...always pour great drinks, give good advice when you need it, and are very friendly.  I love their happy hour with live jazz &, $5 glasses of wine and $5 bites to eat are pretty good too.  Very classy place and sometimes it's just nice to sit back and relax in this OASIS, until you're ready to hit Bourbon street again.I loved the ambiance of the place. I shared the Kobe beef burger and alligator burger sliders and while both were excellent I would return for the alligator! 
While not a big venue, they appear to be understaffed and my service was delayed. They took long to bus the table, take our order, deliver the food and give is the check!
The only saving grace for this place is the music and the food. If service is a deal breaker, then either lower your expectations or choose another area.Surprisingly small and cramped. I'm not really a fan. I was expecting much more. I especially did not like the pillar in the middle of the room.this bar is pretty but the bathrooms are disgusting and not at par with this Sonnesta hotel. if anyone in corporate is reading this please allow the guests to use proper facilities. right now your bathrooms are barely fit for staff which since you decided to locate them in the hallway of Desire oyster bar u smell like u wAlked through the kitchen . shame on you for soiling what should b by all other accounts a nice place in the Quarter.Truly a jewel of a spot. The place is classic, intimate, and very romantic. It feels very high end like if you are not on burbon st anymore. If its a night you just want to lay back and want to go to a more high end of a spot with spectacular music and amazing talent then this is the place to go.Fun idea, terrible sight lines.  Cool joint, fun music, expensive drinks...it has the makings of a fun night. But only a few tables can see the performers. For every song, I maybe got a glimpse of the performer for about 7 seconds. Not worth it.Wednesday nights ~ Irvin Mayfield and his band perform live.  We were staying the in hotel for a week so decided to check it out as it was highly recommended.  What a great venue and performance!  It's an intimate space and perfectly decorated for NOLA.  I'm sad now that we checked out on Friday to head to a wedding rehearsal in Slidell.  I would have loved to see the Friday night show.I was a bit worried about the authenticity of a hotel jazz club, but Jazz Playhouse proved me wrong. 
The band was great, and the small, intimate atmosphere made every seat in the house a great one. Drinks were a bit pricier, but that shouldn't be a shock at a hotel bar. 
Even though the bar is small, there was only one visible cocktail waitress. For the hour my boyfriend and I were there, we saw her maybe twice. My bf had to order our drinks directly from the bar. Service could've been better but it didn't totally ruin the experience.Mind. Blown. 
Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse clearly had little concern for the 18-hour work day I had just put in on a Saturday, or the fact that I was tipsy/stumbling, or that my coworkers and I had the genius thought to go ride a bull (I'm leaving that one alone). I say this, because as soon as we entered this sumptuous and inviting club, we were no longer tired, drunk or in need of a good jostling. The setting is intimate, dark, devious and begging for intoxicating play to ensue. 
The waitress on point, delivered us exquisite cocktails and even made my smile look like I'd slept with a hanger in my mouth when she informed me they had Tito's Vodka. No one carries Tito's. Except for my boy Irvin. The music began and my crowd swayed for minutes before realizing that heartbreaking melodic sound was actually Adele. Adele? Someone is playing Adele, ahem, MUCH better than Adele's band? In New Orleans? Woah buddy, they sure did. And then preceded to do the same to countless bands for a long and much-needed set. The Brass-A-Holics was the band and making music look damn fine was the game. Before long our whole group was up at the front of the stage like groupie teens at a Bieber concert, dancing and singing along. 
There is a lot to see and do on Bourbon Street, but do not let Irvin Mayfield's fall off your radar. It's the most fantastic club on the street.New Orleans must visit place for great quality engaging jazz!
No cover charge drinks are reasonable
The hotel is also very prettyHe is hella good!!!  If you have the opportunity to catch Irvin Mayfield play live, go see him!  He pumps up the crowd really well and has a lot of audience participation.  He also goes around the room and plays his lil' trumpet anywhere he feels like it...after all, it is his club. 
The line for the bar gets pretty long, but it didn't seem like we waited long b/c of the entertainment.  The bathrooms are just outside the club and they're nice and clean.  The Royal Sonesta looks pretty swanky, too.  I'd like to stay here for one night next time I visit.  It's nicely located and there's sooo many things to do nearby.Nice and intimate live music. The drinks are a bit pricey compared to surrounding bars but for me that isn't the issue. The vibe is well worth the extra $4 per drink. Don't worry be happy!Jazz with Class. No Cover is a treat but the drinks are pricey. It's worth it though with the Acts that play there. Great service on the floor but bar staff could be a little more organizedVisited NOLA for a girls trip a few days ago and had this on our itinerary since it was well recommended by many. We were looking forward to it very much. However, our experience was less than average. The hostess that was having us wait in line was cold and generally confused. She was very disorganized about seating us. After waiting 30 minutes to get in, we were then told we needed to share a table with a few others customers, which was inconvenient but we managed. Then we were seated in a backwards corner booth, which was ridiculous because there was a Burlesque show on that we missed entirely since we were not able to see anything from our spot. The drinks were overpriced and took 25 minutes to arrive. We were just about ready to leave in the first 10 minutes of being inside. Overall, this was a very disorganized and mismanaged experience.Really fun night.  We went for the burlesque show.  It was really great.  The drinks were nice and the crowd kept it classy.  Frat for your out of town guest that want something crazy "New Orleans"Disappointed by our experience today. It took over half an our hour to get our bottle of wine only to find out they did not have what we ordered. The white wine they did end up pouring was not chilled. The server was sweet but poured part of the wine on the floor which proceeded to drip on one of our guests' pants. We asked to speak with the manager and he was unapologetic.  Finally the waitress said our bottle was discounted $20. The food was good but service is more important to me.Irvin's Jazz Playhouse is a classy jazz club that is actually on Bourbon Street in the Royal Sonesta Hotel.  It's not your typical cheap drinks, rowdy, 20 year old, hang out like so much of Bourbon Street. For those reasons I like it.  It's a much different atmosphere from someplace like DBA (which I also really like) where locals might also go to hear live music.
It's a jazz club where people go to sit and LISTEN to music, not talk or knock back beer after beer.  It's not a cheap place to hang out, drinks are more on the pricey side and so is the food which is also very good.  It's much more refined than the other places you would go to hear music in NOLA.    
The sound is good with a small stage that is you have a band of four or five player it's tight up there.  There are servers that often check back and who are all very nice.
Our favorite night has been Thursdays when Shamarr Allen has been holding court in recent months.  Shamarr's set starts at 8p and he plays until about midnight.  On some nights they also have a midnight brass band session.
I think the Playhouse is the best place in town to sit and listen to a good show!  If you want to drink, smoke and talk to your friends this might not be the place for you.Got there by chance (located at the entrance of Hotel Royal Sonesta however you can easily miss it as there is no big sign). How lucky we were. Amazing music. Place is very nice and cozy. Most people are sitting and they let only a few people stand so overall experience was really great. Very reasonable prices. Go spend a late romantic evening there. You will not be disappointed.As guests of the hotel they advertise this as music every might.  They do not say anything about a one drink minimum per set it that the drinks start at $15. That being said the music was good.I lived in Nola for 4 years & this was my favorite Club. I remember being there for the grand opening second lining into the club. I only went on Bourbon St to go there.  On June 14th I went there  excited because I was in town attending Zydeco Festival. I always knew the service was slow but this nite it was terrible. I wanted to call , Jon Taffer from Bar Rescue.  .We waived to try & get the hostess attention so we could get someone over to our area. It took our waitress. Ashley over 30 minutes to acknowledge our presence. Once she    finally took our order, one of the members of our party had to go to the bar to get a glass of H2O.  When we mentioned the terrible service, Ashley was not happy with us. The mgrs only apologized and asked if they could get us sometime else. The waitress did not even come back to apologize.  She sent mgmt to pick up the check. I regret we left her a tip. I was a licensed Tour Guide for Nola and always recommended this place. After the last visit I will suggest Frenchman St. Maybe their staff has customer service training. I would love to let them know that if customers can't get drinks/food you lose $$$..A theatre attached to the well known Royal Sonesta hotel,  Friday's the Jazz Playhouse hosts free Burlesque shows at midnight with an accompanying live band.
Organized by local Burlesque star, Trixie Minx, the venue features what I would call "old school" Burlesque.  Local burlesque stars dancing to a live jazz band.  The cozy atmosphere provides an especially intimate experience.
The drinks aren't the cheapest, but they are reasonable by Bourbon Street standards.  A great place to escape into another time.Drinks are a little spendy but the jazz shows are free - if you can get seated!!
The show we saw was an NOLA staple who played a flute attached to a Harmonica and a bagpipe.  I would have to say 5+ stars for the show.  
I ordered the bartenders special drinks - and when ordering them at other places (i.e. Hell's kitchen) I have never been disappointed, but was not super thrilled when they came back with some sort of champagne cocktail.  I guess it's a risk . . .oh well.
Awesome show.They have different performers every night. Came here on Sunday and the show was one of the bests I've ever seen.Staff here was top notch! Had a small snafu that was immediately cleared up and handled quickly. Great vibe, reasonable drink prices, we would certainly come backSaw Shannon here and it was amazing. This guy brings the house down!!! The Jazz playhouse is a super chic spot with amazing drinks. Do pay extra to sit in the front, so you can see everything.Fun place to go for jazz music!!! A bit loud at the place,I think they should close the doors at the time of the show!! But overall great night fun show!!Service was amazing. Super attentive waitress & good food. Also a good selection of mocktails. The burlesque show was spectacular. Can't wait to come back.Stopped by for drinks and the Burlesque show. Drinks were a little pricey but it was a welcome respite from the overly drunk crowd that Bourbon street is famous for. Our group was mixed with men and women and everyone had a good time. The show was entertaining and not over the top. If you are worried about being offended, they have plenty of live jazz and this is a great place for a more civilized evening of imbibing.Inside Royal Sonesta hotel, by the lobby. Classy jazz lounge, live band performances at 8.30 each night. Reservations were not required. One drink minimum. They have some food also. Huge pillar in the middle that obstructs some of the view. Nice escape from typical craziness on Bourbon st sometimes.YOU. MUST. COME. HERE. We spent about four hours lazily enjoying ourselves while some incredible musicians entertained in a classy ambience.Went here to see Kermit Ruffins take it to Irvin in a sick trumpet battle. The show... incredible. As far as the venue goes...
It's a very upscale place as far as Bourbon Street goes. It's a little tough to find because it's inside of a hotel lobby. If you head in early, good seats can be found but overall, most spots have a good view for live music.
You definitely pay for what you get. The show as $22 (most we spent for anything while in New Orleans) and the drinks/food were very expensive. They had some pretty good cocktails and the cheesecake was decent but overall, a bit overpriced.
However, service was very friendly. When the waitress found out it was my bachelor party I got lots of crap but it was a lot of fun.
Cheers!The Jazz Playhouse has it all -- excellent music, drinks, food (dessert for us) and service. This is a great place for a "lower key" evening if you need a break from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon. The band (missed their name) was terrific and did a great job of engaging with the crowd. And the large slice of chocolate cake we ordered was the perfect accompaniment to the music. We'll definitely be back!Loved this place on a Monday night! Great lounge-y feel with the dark atmospheric room and the bandleader's banter, both with audience and with fellow players. It was the Tuxedo Jazz Band featured and they have clearly played with each other a while. That made for a great, not-canned vibe to the solos, and there were outstanding vocal and alto sax performances.Nice club adjoined to a hotel in the middle of the French Quarter. Our drinks were expensive and tasty, and the service was fair. The best part, of course, was the music--horns a plenty. I can't remember the band's name at this moment, but they were exceptional. (Most of the music we heard during our trip was wonderful.) I did find that the crowd seemed to be a bit stiff, older, and not very colorful. I enjoyed myself nevertheless and would return when I'm in NOLA again.I have to say, when I first walked in, I thought I must be in the wrong place.  I'd come for the burlesque ballroom show, and it didn't look like there was enough room onstage for a dancer to even shimmy, but there is indeed a burlesque show at midnight on Fridays.  There's no cover, and a one drink minimum, so it's quite a good deal.  Being in the Royal Sonesta on Bourbon Street, it's pretty touristy, so the crowd wasn't quite as enthusiastic as one might find elsewhere, but the performers dance all over the room while a live jazz band accompanies them. It's a classic style burlesque show, so you won't see anything too risque.  I'd give it five stars.
One star for my cocktail.  For some reason, they added sour mix to my Pimm's Cup, which is normally just Pimm's and Sprite with a cucumber garnish (and maybe a little gin and various garnishes depending on how fancy the bar is).  It tasted so bad, I didn't want to chance ordering another mixed drink, so I stuck to beer instead.  
The overall look of the lounge is pretty sexy, though the circular white vinyl banquettes are a little weird, especially because they don't really use them.  We caught a little bit of the band before and all of the musicians were quite talented, though the drummer did solo for way too long.  The guitarist scatted while playing a solo a la George Benson.  It wasn't quite my scene because I generally like a little more energy in the room than the crowd at Irvin Mayfield's was giving, but it was pleasant.  Even though it was a busy night, our server checked on us frequently.  I don't know if I would go back next time I'm in town, but I would definitely recommend the burlesque show.A nice difference in the Bourbon Street scene.  I would expect nothing less from Irvin.  It's a classy place to enjoy good jazz in the city.I wish I could give a review for this place but never got to see a performance. Let me explain, I stumbled onto this place when I entered the Sonesta hotel on October 5. I spoke to the person at the to inquire about the bands that was going to perform Saturday and Sunday. After getting some background I decided I would return to Sunday's performance. Upon my arrival I see a sign and ropes up stating that the performance was cancelled for a private event. We (now others arrived) are all shocked and confused.  I found this to be rude and was left with trying to find another place to go for the style of jazz I was looking for.  So I can not comment on venue, the band or food because I was not given the chance to try any
In reply:  The staff I spoke to in regards to the jazz performance was assigned to your door for that night. In addition: the performance I requested information on was listed on the bill on your door. So how do you post something on your own door that is not correct?Ok...unbelievably wonderful experience here last night.  Took my mother out to hear some jazz and walked away with great food, a high quality and sincere musical experience and outstanding service.  Will definitely return!I wish I could give a review for this place but never got to see a performance. Let me explain, I stumbled onto this place when I entered the Sonesta hotel on October 5. I spoke to the person at the to inquire about the bands that was going to perform Saturday and Sunday. After getting some background I decided I would return to Sunday's performance. Upon my arrival I see a sign and ropes up stating that the performance was cancelled for a private event. We (now others arrived) are all shocked and confused.  I found this to be rude and was left with trying to find another place to go for the style of jazz I was looking for.  So I can not comment on venue, the band or food because I was not given the chance to try any
In reply:  The staff I spoke to in regards to the jazz performance was assigned to your door for that night. In addition: the performance I requested information on was listed on the bill on your door. So how do you post something on your own door that is not correct 
Part 2:  The reply for the business started I should have checked the website which had the correct listings for shows. Since I was not the only customer surprised to see that the venue was closed for a party, it still not acceptable that only 1 method of posting should be updated. Furthermore, half the staff at the front desk of the located a few feet away at the desk didn't even know the venue was closed to the public.Awesome live jazz music with an intimate atmosphere and good service. It's not cheap, but the food and drinks are pretty good. This is probably the nicest place on Bourbon St., but not so fancy that you have to dress up.This place is a little pricey, but everything on the menu is delicious! I really enjoyed the music and it was a relaxed environment to enjoy a fun night out. 
The service was a little slow, not initially, but after we had our first drink it took about an hour for someone to check on us for another drink or see if we wanted any additional food items. The waitress was helpful and had great suggestions on the menu, but it seemed like she was the only waitress for the entire bar.The fried pb&j here is insane. Also crab cakes are very good, my only complaint is that you only get two. And Irvin Mayfield and his group are fun to watch.Great ambience and music. Service was good and drink and food was good too. We ordered the oysters and later a cheese platterDead sexy. This little jazz bar inside the Royal Sonesta is voluptuous, seductive and sultry. It's dark and velvety. It's what you want in a Jazz bar. And it's non-smoking. BOOM! 
Friday nights at midnight they do jazz and pasties here at Irvin Mayfield's. Yup. Sweet, sweet jazz and mighty fine burlesque performers dazzle your ears and your eyes. Cram in to this packed venue as the fine lady on stage croons out a standard and one of the girls with the silly names and silver sparkles slowly disrobes as she makes her way through the crowd. It's fun. 
Get classy when you come here. Don't be a tourist. Buy a drink and tip the ladies. And make some damn noise when they're done. They deserve your applause.For drinks and some "fine"  jazz this is the place to meander too. After a long day at a conference I stumbled upon this club which provided great martinis and super music. The waitress appeared to be covering a large floor but was still friendly and got us our drinks before we were empty. Kudos to waitresses who work hard for the little money they receive!!!Good music and comfortable seating, this is a great place for adults to enjoy live music in the French Quarter without having to trek all the way to Frenchman's Street. If Bourbon Street's sloppy drunken revelry isn't your thing, this place is worth a look.This is such a great place to stop by for a classy drink, a snack, and of course, life music! Come early for a good spot, especially if you didn't make reservations ahead of time. The drinks are made well. The waitresses are nice on the eyes, and friendly as well. We got one extra oyster on our oyster order by accident? Not sure if it's a special count when they say half a dozen. 
Note: the bathroom is in the adjoining hotel, so plan accordingly.Excellent music and great drinks! The ambiance was very cozy and inviting.
A must for live jazz!I loved this place, great music and wonderful drink menu. Very elegant but a great place to relax and hang out. Service was slow but worth it. I heard about from a friend who's son went to schooling NOLA and he said this was the best lace and he was right. I ended up owing back three times this trip to New Orleans. I will recommend this place to everyone I know that is coming down here!Located in the Royal Sonesta hotel, this is a wonderful place to sit and hear jazz musicians.  You can pay for a seat near the front or sit for free (if you buy a drink) toward the back.  Then, sit back and hear artists like the incomparable Germaine Bazzle.Awesome venue featuring local artists during the French Quarter Music Festival!
Great hot spot in the heart of the French Quarter with live music, nice acoustics and comfortable seating.
Good bartenders and a fabulous wine list!We roamed around a bit listening out for a place with some great Jazz sounds. After an unsuccessful trip through the Frenchmen area, although there were a couple of places we stopped in to dance a bit, we found our way back near our hotel. My friend had come to this place before so she brought me because she knew the music would be good...and it was! I'm glad we ended up here. The band was great and I enjoyed their performance. My drink was good too. I'll be back...A Jazz club present itself with a certain mystique: a dim-lit room, a lighted stage, a maroon curtain, a baby grand piano with sax and bass, looked upon by a chilled crowd with cocktails in hand.
Another stop on the Cocktail tour, we arrived at the Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse, inside the quaint Royal Sonesta Hotel. Obvious Mayfield is not playing tonight, being the Jazz Fest was going on and he was one of the local headliners. We did however catch him later at the Festival, and agreed that he was a tremendous musician. I can see why he is quite respected and liked in the local community here, and the crowd that poured in here night after night showed for it.
Eventually we got what we came for, and tasted the Ramos Gin Fizz, supposedly one of the favorite drink of a former NOLA governor Huey P Long. It is obviously one of the stable drink orders around this part, and every cocktail bar has its caveat. The one here is not bad at all, the lemon-lime and simple syrup topped the soda foam give it an unique taste.
I would love to rate perfect 5-star, but we were giving special treatment for the tour; next time we arrived in New Orleans, hopefully we can catch Mayfield Jr performing in here, and I will update my review again with the full experience.I love the jazz music! Away from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon street, and tucked inside Royal Sonesta, JazzPlayhouse is truly a hidden gem! The one drink minimum with no cover is a stellar deal! 
The jazz club is upscale and the musicians are much more talented than the local ones performing at the tourist bars on Bourbon street or even Frenchmen Street. It's a big difference! 
I went on Sat night and there was a quartet and an amazing female singer, Nayo Jones. She sang a wonderful rendition and tribute to Aretha Franklin with "Feel like a Natural Woman". All of the musicians were also  really good especially the piano and saxophone players, who had solos. 
I really enjoyed the cocktails, the Jelly Roll Morton was fruity and delicious! The bold flavors of passionfruit and grapefruit perfectly masked the bourbon and the mint was a great garnish. I liked it so much that I had 3 rounds of it! My husband enjoyed the Sazerac rye whiskey on the rocks. 
My only compliant is the food, I wish there were more vegetarian finger food options. The spinach and artichoke dip was good, but I wasn't a fan of the stale brittle chips. I ran out of chips and asked for a side of bread, which was okay. A warm baguette would have been perfect to mop up the delicious dip! We would have stayed much longer and ended up leaving during the intermission to grab dinner. I would love to see fries, deviled eggs, veggie creole, and pasta added to the menu!
Great place to grab drinks and escape the debauchery of Bourbon street with wonderful jazz music. I heard there's a burlesque show on Fridays, which seems interesting and will check out next time! I think there's a show every night, and highly recommend the Sat night show. 
As the show starts at 8, I highly recommend getting here early as the best seats fill up fast! The views from the back aren't as good.Super, food is tasty and jazz show is very impressive. The jazz band for the night found more than 100 years!Excellent jazz club. Intimate but not crowded venue.Clean, great food and cocktails. Staff was terrific. But, the highlight us obviously the music. Chuck "Cee" and his band was playing...they were amazing. This is the place to be if you don't want drunk people falling all around you on Bourbon Street.Very nice place, well located, excellent music, great decoration and great value for your moneyStumbled upon this place by happenstance and was pleasantly surprised. They are also affiliated with Desire Oyster House so if you're looking for a bite, it's nice to be able to sit and enjoy some live jazz as well.The place is a class act!   Beautiful room with intimate seating and lighting.    Close to stage with awesome jazz musicians playing. The jazz band was very personal as well as extremely entertaining.    Blowing those horns like you've never heard.  Light menu items to enjoy with wonder bar staff and hosts.   How great to be in an intimate atmosphere with great food, drinks, service
and entertainment.   We are still singing the tones
from Monday's performance!!   Absolute 5 star.Amazing club with great jazz music.  My wife said as we turned on to Bourbon street, "I'm not a Bourbon Street kinda girl, where are you taking me?"  Then when we walked into the club she totally changed.  This is a classy place.  The jazz music is sophisticated as are the cocktails and food.  Can't say enough about this club.  If you are looking for a swanky jazz club to take your bride, look no further.Great spot to listen to some music.  They have a nice menu with some upscaled bites, we got their beef and cheese fries and the beef was succulent and tender.  The non alcoholic ginger beer, lemon and pineapple juice was nice and refreshing.  I also recommend the 12 year Macallan scotch.  They do sit you at certain spots, preferred seating is in front, we sat in the back and ordered food.The MUSIC was GREAT. Jason Marsalis was phenonmenal... he's grown as a musician and lives up to the Marsalis family name. Although, we thought this was the night for Irvin Mayfield, we were pleasently surprised at the substitution. 
The FOOD is for the tourists.  We ordered white truffle french fries $8, they looked like those 1990s snack "fries in a can". The sliders were tasty (and on the house since the fries were dreadful) and quite moist & lastly my companion told me the 4 drummettes (for $12) that she rec'd were palatable. 
1 water, 1 fruit punch & 2 appetizers (the sliders were on the house) for a grand total of $24 and some change. 
Take home lesson, NEXT TIME eat before we go.I wish I could give a review for this place but never got to see a performance. Let me explain, I stumbled onto this place when I entered the Sonesta hotel on October 5. I spoke to the person at the to inquire about the bands that was going to perform Saturday and Sunday. After getting some background I decided I would return to Sunday's performance. Upon my arrival I see a sign and ropes up stating that the performance was cancelled for a private event. We (now others arrived) are all shocked and confused.  I found this to be rude and was left with trying to find another place to go for the style of jazz I was looking for.  So I can not comment on venue, the band or food because I was not given the chance to try any of it.Nice , mature , casual setting where you can here great live jazz. The food smelled and looked good, although I did not order. The cocktails were on point, plenty of liquor.  The servers are also kind, patient , and courteous. The jazz is top notch . Be sure to bring cash to tip the entertainersMy wife and I visit NOLA on a semi regular basis.  If you are a first timer or go often please know there are a lot of things to do during the day and night.  But when the Sun goes down, fun comes up.  We visit several places each evening and Irvin Mayfields is becoming a favorite stop.  The atmosphere is cool. Dim with colored accent lights behind the bar.  A great jazz emsemble is always playing and the drinks are really good.  Do yourself a favor and take a night and dress up just a little.  Suits not required, but more than shorts or plain jeans.  Step inside and really enjoy the music and the vibe.  The only knock is as with most bars in NOLA, drink prices are high so just be warned.  Plan a pub crawl as we do.  Local bars one night, upscale hotel bars the next.  Either way, just get out and play.When I came here, the band "Brass-aholics" were playing and I loved it. The food and drinks were expensive but the entertainment was everything. (I only have a video...but it was great)This place is inside the Royal Sonesta hotel. Great little spot for live music. Was here for a private party. Staff was excellent. I didn't eat, but everyone said the pork sliders were really good. They have a lovely outside courtyard as well.Its almost like time traveling back into the early 1920's, this spot has an old soul sophisticated feel. We came here on a Saturday night and were seated in the back corner. We ordered a couple bottles and shared several small plates. We had 2 orders of crab mac and cheese, 2 orders baked oysters, fries, artichoke dip and shrimp served over potatoes. 
The crab mac and cheese was by far my favorite! It was creamy with lots of cheese, and just the right amount of crab. If no one else was at my table I would have inhaled the whole plate. I also enjoyed the shrimp over potato's, it  had a sauce of some sort that complemented it perfectly! I didnt really care for the artichoke dip, the chips that came with it were a tad too salty.
While we drank our wine and small plates we listened to the live jazz music. I could have sat there for hours listening to the music, it was beautiful. This would be a perfect date night spot! 
Our service was great, we were checked upon frequently and never had an empty glass. It was my cousins birthday, TJP brought out a cute little cake for her for our celebration, thank you for a wonderful night!Very Limited menu but a nice place to lounge around listening to some good music. Drinks were a little pricey considering you could get hurricanes cheaper on the "Street" but service and music was outstanding.I couldn't take the debauchery of bourbon street anymore. The women, the beer, the loud music. 
Not that I didn't like it. It's just too much of a good thing. 
I needed a place to adjust. A place to give a different taste. That's where Irvin Mayfield's came in.
Here there were well made cocktails, smooth jazz music and classy burlesque for my pleasure. A nice changeup to what I was being exposed to on Bourbon Street all weekend. 
Not sure if you need to be a guest, I however am like a ninja and walked right in. (That or anyone can just come in) After that I approached the Jazz Playhouse and was instructed to finish my beverage before coming in. I complied and stepped on in. 
Very elegant setting. Came on a Friday, which is when they have burlesque to my understanding. Drinks were fairly priced, a bit more than some other spots but that's the whole point. 
If you're walking down Bourbon and need a taste of something different, make a stop here.Do you want to sit back and relax for a bit after a full day of day drinking in bourbon street? This place has great live jazz and a very calm atmosphere. Fairly priced drinks from champagne to beer will be sure to give you a touch of NOLA! Try to make time and enjoy the jazz.Take a secluded, soulful break from the chaos of Bourbon St. and stop by here! We were lucky enough to come on a night when James Rivers Movement was playing. Such a talented group, and there was even a surprise instrument I've never seen used in jazz (see it for yourself, I won't give it away). Thanks to Eddie for being attentive as well! A real highlight and I would recommend to anyone. Drinks were reasonable, too!Hotels usually entail artificially created ambiances to make couples, families, and any other corny group of people feel important when visiting their city. This is what I assumed Jazz Playhouse was, but they proved me wrong.
The great jazz band, great experience, and better ambiance! Authentic!This is a hidden gem among the trash of Bourbon St. The musicians do an amazing job of entertaining the crowd and giving you the feeling of stepping back in time to a jazz lounge. The wait staff is attentive and the drinks menu is creative. The cocktails are named after jazz musicians. The acoustics are perfect and atmosphere is ideal. If you looking for a upscale jazz lounge this is your place.Every time I set foot in this place I leave better than I came. The music is always slamming. The staff draws you in and makes you feel welcome from the door. The nibbles are very satisfying and there's a little something for everyone. The drinks are perfect and it's fun to get into the character of the themed drinks. The Jazz Playhouse is a must for every time I visit the Crescent City.This was a great spot to check out some New Orleans local talent for jazz.  We saw a great act there with an older gentleman who totally rocked out on his upright jazz bass.  He was the highlight of the evening for me, seeing him get into the music with so much passion made me enjoy and appreciate the music more! I would definitely recommend it.  It is worth a visit.  The cherry on top was that they don't ID to get in so my friend's son who is 11 could come with us and we didnt have to worry about leaving him somewhere.  The waitress brought out warm cookies and milk for him so he didn't bother us for the rest of the night.Germaine Bazzle.  If you love Jazz, go see her.  If you are looking to be introduced to Jazz, go see her.Standing room only. Oh wait.....There IS NO standing room. Bands rock, service mediocre. :( They need to fix their seating arrangement that will accommodate for the influx of listeners. Too bad the clientele is rude. Could not understand why everyone was sitting down and not dancing. I hate calling this place fake and pretentious. I support these musicians, but not this business.
NOLA you left another sour taste in my mouth.... For now..... You have a couple of days to redeem yourself.Came here on a random Friday night for drinks. To our surprise Glen Davis Andrews was playing. We've seen him on Frenchman  Street and on Treme, so we knew we were in for a treat. The show was amazing.
We had several drinks. I stuck with the cosmopolitan. It was great. Service was just okay in the lounge. For the best service sit at the bar.If you like this review give it a like! :)
Loved this place. We came for the 8:00 show one night but it was packed and we didn't get in. The next show was at 9:30 so we stood in line and just waited. Once we got in  the staff was very accommodating to if we wanted to move seats! Loved the band also. Great for a night on bourbon!Nothing but great vibes from this place. The food was amazing and the service was great as well. We had a special treat celebrating with Dee Dee Bridgewater which turned out to be an amazing experience.Great music and nice vibes. They are pricey when it comes to food and drinks but overall goodI went to a networking event here and it was okay. Not a big fan of Bourbon these days, but it was a very nice hotel and jazz club once you enter. Laid back type of place. I had a yummy drink called the Playhouse cooler, great.
I was with a friend and as I went to the bar, my friend just set down. The waitress wouldn't give her a minute without coming back first to ask what she want, then right away to let her know its a one drink minimum. Yes we know, you have a big gold sign as you enter and on the menu, can she sit down and see what she wants first. I usually have favorable experiences with waitresses, which just made me go to the bar to get my drinks. Great bartender though!
Nice music by the way.