Came here for happy hour... or so we thought. Found a website that tracks what bars offers happy hour specials in Nola and was stoked to see that Avenue Pub was on the list. Lies, alllll lies. Not the pub's fault of course, just an outdated website. But damn were we disappointed! Honestly, how do they NOT have a HH special? Shouldn't that be required of every bar in Nola? Every hour should be happy hour IMO.
But we stayed because we were too lazy and thirsty to trek anywhere else. 
The variety of beers on tap was impressive. The space was a bit small but they also have an upstairs space with it's own bar. There was a dog friendly area outside, which I look forward to utilizing in the spring. Would also like to check out the food next time since I've heard it's quite stellar.
All in all, I can see why this is a much loved watering hole.Great pub grub, gigantic draft selection, strong, cheap cocktails, upstairs bar and balcony, friendly bartenders, cozy atmosphere, lots of space outside to smoke a cigThe pub burger is perfect. It's got everything I need. The fries are tasty. Splurge and get the cheese sauce. You've got nothing to lose.Had a Saint Arnold's #13.  Great beer and a rare find. Great little  nook in a off the beaten path.  Recommend you escape the bad smells and pushy crowds.  Make
An escape.  We walked
The 2.4 miles here but will take the trolley back.  Ohhh and the interior of the bar don't make you feel like you in New Orleans you ain't ever let bourbon street.Amazing place! The vibe, the beer, the food! I had fried green tomatoes, absolutely fantastic!I love drinking here. I attempted to eat here last night, and as I walked up to order my food, I saw two rats in the food area in the span of 30 seconds. Now I know that New Orleans is ridden with these vermin, but I prefer to live in ignorance and pretend that they don't come into bars and restaurants here. Seeing one pop its head out from under the stove made me run back to my glass of wine at the bar. I've always wanted to try their dump truck fries, but I just can't with the sight of Bociefus the rat living under that stove :(Great atmosphere.  Lots of beers on tap.   I've only been in town for the weekend, but it's the only bar I've found that cares about good beer.Great beer list but bartender was kind of rude. The location is awesome though and the upstairs balcony made it worth the trip.The Avenue Pub is THE place to go for good beer in New Orleans.  This is a haven for craft beer enthusiasts in the city.  There are lots of different beers on tap and not just a group of the usual suspects (Abita, Blue Moon, Guinness, etc.).  They also take care of their equipment, as I rarely have a draft that tastes "off".  
The Upstairs and Downstairs bars have a completely different set of taps.  The selection is always different and you won't find the casual Miller Lite or Bud drinker here like you might find at The Bulldog or Cooter Browns.  Oh yeah, and the balcony overlooking St. Charles doesn't hurt either!  It's probably a good thing that this place isn't in Mid-City because I would spend way too much time here.I can only speak to the drinks.......
I almost hate writing this because I don't want it to be too crowded when I go; however, if you like beer or whiskey (or both) then this is an absolute must in New Orleans.  Over 4 pages of whiskeys/bourbons. The bartender was helpful in guiding me when I wanted to try some different whiskeys based on others I like.  They also have a very nice selection of beers on tap, including some that are hard to find at times.  You will not be sad you came here!We come here every time we visit New Orleans and have never had an experience that was less than awesome! The beer selection is amazing and the food is excellent. I particularly love the grilled cheese, fries, and toast aux champignons. As a special bonus, I left my beloved sunglasses here Sunday night, and they were waiting for me behind the bar when we returned to find them the next day! LOVE this place.Fabulous spot for those that are looking for a superior selection of craft beer,  outstanding locally-inspired cocktails,  and scrumptious fresh food,  all served with a smile from very friendly folks that want to ensure you enjoy your outing. 
My thanks to Polly,  Meriam , and the whole staff. This was one of the highlights of our trip to NOLA.
I couldn't recommend the Avenue  Pub more. Go and have a great time!Avenue Pub is, hands down, my favorite bar in New Orleans.
 It's sits pretty much at the bottom of the lower garden district on St. Charles avenue, obviously, overlooking the streetcar line. The bar takes up an entire building which makes it feel like a friends house is decorated with a really homey feel and has everything you'd ever need or want for a good time with friends. The bar has two floors: the ground floor has 3 rooms, two have tv's and one has a pool table where the calendar showing the monthly events is (this includes tastings of various ales and spirits, trivia, etc.) The best part about this bar, though, which alone deserves at least 4 stars, is the balcony area upstairs. There are about 8 tables on the balcony which are lit by blue-green lights where you can look onto the streetcar line and people-watch. There's an inside area upstairs also, that reminds me of Maison on Frenchman. 
Now, the beer. They've got a great selection on tap and bottles that's even recommended on beeradvocate.com. It's the only place that my boyfriend and I have seen Brooklyn Blast on tap (and we're from New York!). Pints run about $5.50 which gets you fresh beer AND a friendly and funny bartender. 
My only regret is that we didn't get to visit until our second to last night in New Orleans. We're going back tonight to get one last drink in, but we'll definitely be here every night next time we're in town!Beer lovers paradise. My co-worker, friend and I headed down here for an after shift drink. 
It was full despite being a Monday. We had only exceptional service. Both staff and patrons alike were great. 
So many different beer types from all over the country and world it will make your head spin. We also got food from the kitchen. Everything was very good.
Next time I'm in NOLA I'll be back.The beer selection is perfect insanity. Hip laid back vibe. They have a food menu but I just consumed the beverages. Outside seating which is great on a sunny NOLA spring day. The bartenders were nice and the bathrooms were clean. Definitely check out for some afternoon beverages on St. Charles Avenue.Loved this place! Great staff amazing food and amazing beer and whiskey selection! Would recommend this place to any friends that are visiting Nola!A very nice burger and fries, massive selection of draft beers. (Alas, no Pilsner Urqell or Warsteiner, but the Weihenstephaner weissbier was tasty.)This is a beer drinkers paradise destination. (although the J'Anita's food is sorely missed). You will not find a better selection of beer in New Orleans, or many other cities. The owner Polly scours the world for rare kegs coming into the U.S. and does her best to make sure the Pub gets some. If you are visiting and looking for the best taps and bottles in town, get thee to the Pub.Come here if you like good beer.  (Also go to d.b.a. http://www.yelp.com/biz/d-b-a-new-orleans#hrid:H0UlYBbgYXDrqs_rbT8b0w)  They offered a very unique tap list, which featured not only regional microbrews but also some hard-to-find stuff from the rest of America and the world.
The first floor has more of a sports bar feel, with a number of TVs set to sports channels.  The upstairs area is a chill cigar bar with a balcony and (not live) music.  The different bars serve different beers, but your tab is good for both floors.
We also grabbed dinner here.  We had the cake eaters, which is a trio of "cakes."  The sweet potato one was a bit bland, the polenta one had a wonderful texture that I wanted more of, and the "baked potato" one had wonderful flavor.  We also had a cheeseburger with bacon.  It was really juicy (almost hard to eat) but tasty.  
Our friend (a local) swears by late-night-post-other-bars stops to this place.
This place is walkable from the convention center area.Awesome place! Come here for hundreds of unusual beers, many fine whiskeys and pretty solid pub food. The fried green tomatoes and the burger with bacon were really tasty. We stayed for way too many hours!!Found this pub on untappd after being generally disappointed with the NOLA beer scene (was on a short visit from SF). Avenue really lived up to my expectation. Great selection of craft beers, and a really cozy balcony with a view of the St. Charles St street car lines.Massive whisk(e)y list and one of the best brew selections in town. The meat fries pair well with anything, especially an oncoming hangover.OMG!!!!!!  I have lost count on how many tap beer they have!  This place is awesome. If you don't like beer you need to come here. If you love beer STAY AWAY.  Either way you're not going to what to leave. I've been all over the world I rate this place as #2 in the world!  Gotta love NOLA we have it all here.One late saturday night, my brother, my fiancee and I were looking for 24-hr not-fast  food in NOLA. Unfortunately, Verti Marte is d-e-d :( and all the places in the quarter are too hard to get to. I'm not a drinker so I can't speak to the beer selection at The Avenue, but they seemed to like it and were very pleased by the 4-0z sampler glass option. Perhaps we should have expected this, but there was one guy making food in the tiny half-kitchen at 1:30 in the morning and he was predictably swamped. We ordered a burger, the "crabby patty", the grilled cheese and some fries and they were going to have a couple beers while we waited.
It took a good 40 minutes before our food was ready; then, when my brother went to grab it --- we had already told the guy that it was "to go," and he tried to charge my brother an extra 2 bucks to make it to go. What?! 
The food itself was great; however, they charged 12.50 for a crabcake sandwich that looked more like an appetizer -- seriously this thing was tiny. i'm all for small plates, but charge accordingly!! i think if i hadn't been starving to death (my fault for forgetting to eat until midnight) we might have enjoyed this place more, and perhaps if we'd come a bit earlier the guy would have had more help in the kitchen. still, there's really no excuse for the attempted to-go charge shenanigans.
as a bar, i'm sure it's great, as a late night food spot...well, hopefully verti marte will be back soon.Hands down the best bar in New Orleans. Walking in just feels like home. If you are looking for a delicious beer, look no further than Avenue Pub. 
Even thought the bar upstairs does not have as many beers, that's where I always end up. The bartender upstairs, Eileen, is VERY knowledgeable and can suggest a great beer for you to try id you don't know what you would like. The balcony upstairs is great for watching the first weekend of Mardi Gras parades. 
Also, the pub grub is really tasty. Try the adult grilled cheese and a side of fries. I sometime has that and a beer for dinner.....check it out!This is definitely one of my top 3 bars in the city, and if getting any more specific than that would be like picking a favorite child.  I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before!
The owners have a steady rotation of new and exciting brews, which change weekly if not daily.  Sometimes they're one of the only bars in the country to come through with a particular keg of hard-to-find European craft brew.
Their downstairs (main) bar has the slightly more stable, "normal" selection.  Upstairs has five or six taps and lots of bottles from all over the world.
Watch the calendar for events.  Every Wednesday they do beer tastings, where a set price gets you so many pours of said rare brews, but they often also do Thursday night liquor tastings.  Tuesday night trivia has great prizes and always one round of alcohol-themed questions (to show off everything you've learned at the tastings, of course).  Avenue's also a great place to watch the Saints games!
Oh yeah, and the food: they just changed their menu and J'Anita's is out.  We think this might be on purpose because the food was just TOO good and the eaters were crowding out the drinkers.  But the new menu includes many of the old staples, at a slightly lower pricepoint, plus some new creative twists like red beans and rice wontons.  So far I've just tried the crabcakes, which will probably be my go-to.  And the waffle fries with bechemel cheese sauce...  do I even need to say it?  I was practically licking the cardboard.
The bartenders are and owners are friendly and accommodating, even with large groups.  I've never met anyone who knows or cares more about beer.  If you care at all about what you drink or want to learn more, come here and come OFTEN.Great go-to pub...easy to get to and fun. The rotating beers and liquor selection is fun and the bartenders know what they are talking about. The cask is always a delight. Servers are friendly, the have a variety of places to hang out (upstairs downstairs balcony garden).  We always end up going for the burgers, which are delectable.  Minus one star as the red bean won tons were grossly under filled (seriously, 3 beans per wonton?). We will be returning many times over, as their burgers compete with Port of Call's on the deliciousness scale.They have a good selection of beer, a relaxed atmosphere (or it was at 2am when I was there), and some decent pub grub.  Their lonely pool table is kind of sad, but at least there's plenty of room in the place.
They were out of my first two beer choices the last time I went, but the bartender made a good suggestion for a substitute so I was happy.We came based in a thrillest recommendation boasting it was a good spot for beer enthusiasts, not beer snobs. Decor was fun and the balcony was lovely (sloped and a tad terrifying). I had a hard time ordering downstairs, at first being somehow invisible. Once I finally  ordered a taste of an unfamiliar beer, the other bartender snickered at me. I poked fun at myself saying "oh I must have said that name wrong" and the bartender awarded me with a patronizing glare. The other bartender responded saying he understood what I meant. And gave me a full glass, not a taste. Note--- I said blanch instead of blaunk. I am an unsophisticated beer moron clearly at the wrong venue.  We moved on after one beer to a more welcoming spot. Thrillest lies.Name a whiskey, any whiskey, they probably have it.
Head to the upstairs bar and explore the vast selection of whiskies.
Tonight it was rye: whistle pig boss hog, whistle pig, whistle pig 11, angels envy, you name it they had it and I had it.
Other than the great selection of bottles the place is rather plain. But after a few toots it comes alive as you ponder your next selection.
Worth a visit, take a cab.Nice selection of brews and liquor.  I went there on my birthday and the staff and patrons all bought drinks for me.  The building is two stories and has great outdoor patio spaces.  It's right off of St. Charles, so you can see everyone walk or ride right by.It just doesn't get any better than this. The Avenue Pub was recommended to me prior to visiting New Orleans as a place to find some exceptional bourbon, and it DID NOT disappoint. E.H. Taylor Tornado and A.H. Hirsch 16 were among some exceptional things I was able to try here, and at incredibly reasonable prices when compared to other bars (both locally and nationally). 
I was lucky enough to have been able to speak with Andy, who put together the bourbon selection. He was super cool and more than willing to answer any question I had and point me in the direction of my next drink. 
This place was great, and holy crap I wish I had a place like this at home. I'll be going there any time I'm ever in the New Orleans area.I come to New Orleans just about every year and this place is still top notch when it comes to bars! Great selection of food and beer.Was gonna five it 4 stars but thought naww.. This place is a darling. I got caught in the thundering rain and ran into this place to hide...best decision of the day! Staff was humbling and the food and drinks were fantastic. I'm not even a beer drinker but these people somehow tuned into my palette and found something I would love. The bartender informed me there was an upstairs bar in the works and told me to go have a looksy. The feel of this joint was amazing..nice vibes and a homey atmosphere. After my experience here I basically wanted to pack my bags and move to New Orleans permanently. That goes without saying that this place is awesome...actually New Orleans is pretty fck'n awesome! Enjoy ;)Really historic looking beer pub on St. Charles! Upstairs is even better with their booze collection that opens at 5 pm? This place is a great place to have a beer and shoot pool! Interesting mix of people, you have everything from college crowd to hipsters to after hr nurses :) staff is interesting you have some who really know their beer and others who don't. The patio upstairs seems like a great place to catch a parade :)Avenue Pub was recommended to us by another bar as the best beer bar in NOLA.  They were right.  We hopped off the streetcar and had lunch.  Really nice burgers on ciabatta bread.  Had fun talking to the bartenders and the other patrons.  Left to do some other things and then ended up back at Avenue Pub for a light dinner (hummus and the cheese plate) and more great beers.  Sat at a table in the front room this time.  Should have popped upstairs to check out the different bar up there, but we were having too much fun downstairs.Ever have one of those moments when you realize you never reviewed a place you love? Yeah, this is one of those moments. Avenue Pub is awesome for hanging out with friends in a chill location. Parking is easy in comparison to other restaurants or bars in that location. I like the outdoor seating option the back if you want to spread out, but also enjoy sitting that the bar. Besides being a great bar, it has an awesome food menu. It's not large, but its quality of quantity here. I always have to get the adult grilled cheese filled with ooey gooey yumminess, its my favorite night cap. I find their menu changes often, but never disappoints. The bartenders have always been friendly and more than helpful.Loved this place!  As a craft beer lover, they bring the goods, went here a couple of times on a recent trip.  Selection was different each time and was very good.  Several good IPA's to choose from.  Upstairs and Downstairs bars are both cool to hang out in for a brew or three.We made our way over to Avenue Pub, THE beer bar of New Orleans, and ascended up the creaky stairs to the renovated upstairs bar. Avenue Pub has taken beer bars in New Orleans to a whole new level. They may not offer more drafts than other bars, but the taps are rotated and cleaned often, and they offer beers that you can't find anywhere in Louisiana. The bartenders are very knowledgeable and extremely helpful, and the Pub even offers review sessions for the Cicerone test (the beer equivalent of a sommelier). They have weekly tastings, including some that pair their beers with cheeses from St. James.  And if that's not enough, the kitchen serves up some ridiculous food.Three Words: Dump Truck Fries. The Avenue Pub serves an absolutely mind blowing version of a "debris" fry that includes waffle fries smothered (and they mean smothered) in a garlic cheddar bechamel sauce covered with slow cooked pork roast, au jus and sauteed onions.
These fries are epic and nearly life changing and a return trip to The Avenue Pub is worth it just for them. However, The Avenue Pub is worth many return trips also for its vast and extensive draft beer selections, other different delicious offerings of bar food such as their blue cheese burgers, and friendliness, both from its patrons (I ended up starting and having a conversation with the nice lady next to me for about 30 minutes) and its bartenders. (Nicest bartender ever!)
I can't believe I hadn't gone to this place sooner! It clearly was my mistake, but not I'll be making up for lost time!Nice local place.  Doesn't feel touristy and the drinks are fairly priced.  Right on St Charles so it's easy to get to.Come here for one of the best beer lists I have ever seen in my life.  I am only grading on the quality of beers, atmosphere and service, I don't know if they serve food, but I didn't try it.  The bartender was incredibly personable and offered tastings because I wasn't sure about what I wanted.  He immediately asked for what I liked, and offered me two tastes; one being more hoppy, and the other more smooth...exactly what I was looking for.  He was so passionate about the list and showed incredible pride. This was an excellent experience and I would HIGHLY recommend anyone that is interested in trying different beers you should come to this great place.Amazing beer and amazing food, definitely worth a trip to NOLA for! They have a cute patio too. The mushroom toast is awesome.My friends and i absolutely love this place. They have 70+ beers on tap and that good ole pub atmosphere. They're always bringing in new stuff and their food is incredible as well. They are open 24/7!!!! This is a frequent hangout spot for us from chill after school drinks to pregaming for a night out. I don't think there's anything here that could disappoint. They even have an upstairs with a wrap around balcony. The Avenue Pub is a must visit if you're a beer or cider lover.Fun dive bar with excellent tap beer selection, with cheap fun food/drink specials.  Neighborhoody. Very chill.  Fresh deviled eggs daily and other gastro-pub fare.Met up with some great friends to catch-up and not only did we have great drinks but they also have a great food selection too. We had a vegetarian quesadilla, it was so delicious ! Our drinks were pretty spot on and really good. 
We hung out upstairs, where it's the spot to be if you are looking for bourbon or whiskey because they have EVERY brand you could want. I love this place and it's a pretty great place to people watch, but then again we live in New Orleans so the people watching is always fun. 
We will definitely return.Great beer selections! Bartender  was very knowledgeable,  the only set back was when I gave him $50 he only gave me change back from a $10. But I didn't think it was done purposely.Lots of fun.  You have to try the dump truck frys.  They are the bomb.  Since we are in the south, you have to enjoy the coxkroaches running around on the walld.  Outstanding conversation starters.  Dump truck fries, the bomb.In general, I agree that this is not a destination unto itself for food.  However, I have one exception to that: the fried whole fresh okra.  It is so light and the sauce is so tasty.  Being normal french fries are pretty good.  Unless you really really like the flavor of coconut, you should probably avoid the cauliflower hummus.  
Now, the beer selection at this place is amazing. Come to this place and drink beer.Me: May I have an Amstel light, please?
Bartender: No Amstel.
Me: Heineken light?
Bartender: Nope.
Me: Pilsner Urquell?
Bartender: Nope.
Me: Okay, just give me a Bud Light.
Bartender: Woooowwwww!!!
Wow, what a pretentious bar. At least, the people who work there. Takes forever to get a beer. It's cool to go every once and a while, but I won't be going here, unless there's a social gathering.
And I'm getting drunk across the street at Igor's before I waltz into this overrated joint.Don't know anything about the food or even the entire downstairs of this place, but all you need to do is walk upstairs and sit down at the bar with Andy. This guy is a complete PRO!!!! Highly trained and highly knowledgeable in all things alcohol. Do yourself a favor and put your evening in this guy's hands. You will not be disappointed.The Avenue Pub is the single best bar in New Orleans and the entire state of Louisiana for those that appreciate high quality beer.  Without exception, there are more exotic and hard-to-find beers available at this facility than any other I've tried.  On multiple occasions, I have been informed of "this is the only keg of XXXX in the state" or "the closest bar that is also serving XXXX is in Chicago".  When you see the offerings, you will understand how and why they can say that.  And, to top it off, there are standing tastings on Wednesday nights (each week is a different theme) as well as Cask Friday, where special cask conditioned and served beers are featured.  I honestly can't say enough about the facility, and the owner, Polly.  You can fully understand what kind of care she puts into her establishment, and if you speak to her for any length of time, you will understand she puts her customers first in everything she does with The Avenue Pub.  Bravo Polly! Keep up the good work.Really an amazing beer list...though for me it's almost toooooooo many choices! I very briefly spent some in the upstairs bar area and would like to make a point of going back for some sour beers.
I did try the infamous dump truck fries and they were every bit as delicious as I'd read. The shoestring fries were a good choice against the rich béchamel sauce and the pork was nice and spicy. Perfect for two people to share!The Dump Truck fries and the Braised pork sandwich are to die for. Thoroughly impressed. Great selection on tap as wellDelicious food and always changing beer options. Great location on the street car lineGreat beer selection. Tons of stuff that's not available up north and worth trying. Owner was very friendly, as was the one customer we talked to. Bartender left us hangin' a little, but she also got a little bit of a rush right after we walked in. If you want great beer while in NOLA, stop by this place.This is by far one of my favorite pubs in New Orleans. I don't know why I have never rated it before. Great memories have been made here. Great owner, great service and great food! A must try for travelersGreat spot for craft beers open 24/7/365. A no frills bar, but helpful, friendly staff and a great balcony!I come here every year.  Started for the craft beer.  Found the limited menu is near gourmet - mostly local.  And the fries. . Well that is allbIbhad for dinner.  Maybe shared part of my partner's cheese sandwich.   Now I find the cocktails can be good too.  However,  different bartenders mix differently so I watched and chose carefully.   Not a great Sazerac cocktail from one, great old fashioned from another.  Nice crowd.New to the neighborhood and glad I found this place. 24/7 and nice casual atmosphere. Can't wait till next time.A great find! An amazing selection of beers and really good food. Fresh ingredients and a thoughtful menu. And great service! If you find yourself wandering around the garden district, stop in.Decent late night fare, with a very "cheffy"burger and homemade fries.  It's a fun spot, and even though I'm never a fan of the ubiquitous brioche buns, the meat was nicely cooked and tasty.Try the food.  It's excellent.  I know a bar quesadilla sounds lame, but it's the best I've ever had and comes with this delicious homemade dipping sauce.  Several of the dishes are also vegan-friendly.  The bartenders are unpretentious and happily make beer recommendations, and the place is large enough to find a corner to relax with friends.I absolutely adore this place! Rachel (one of THE best bartenders) can make a mean dirty martini and I love her for it. 
There's a jukebox where you can play amazing jams & a pool table as well. 
The overall atmosphere is chill, laid back & a great place to hang out for all you hospitality folks. Rachel understands your frustrations & complaints. 
Their debris fries are amazing & they have tons of draft beers. Don't think twice & just go hang out at the pub!Apart from Cochon, this is the only other place I've been able to find in New Orleans that has Lazy Magnolia's sweet potato stout on tap.
This is reason enough for four stars. :)I was a little bummed, because we went here to sit outside on the balcony, and it was closed for a private party.  And on top of that, there was no available table in sight, so we had to stalk people at the bar to have a place to eat our food.
That aside, the beer and food were delicious.  I tried the adult grilled cheese, the pulled pork sandwich and the blue cheese stuffed apricots.  All were outstanding.  The pulled pork was the most tender i have probably ever had.  
I definitely recommend this place.Added a star after receiving a lovely message from the owner. I may have caught that bartender on an off night.Great bourbon, rye, and scotch selection!!! The bartender Meriam was extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful. They are open around the clock and conveniently located on the St Charles streetcar.Huge selection of beer and whiskey. I had the mushroom toast which was so filling and perfect for a cold night. This place was down the street from my hostel and I wish I had checked It out earlier on during my trip.Great beer menu, and a lovely upstairs balcony. Downstairs bar is a dingy and divey, and great for making friends at the bar and watching a game. Didn't get to try the food menu, but it looks great from what I see others ordering! Will probably come back for the food, upstairs balcony, and the super star of a beer menu.This is a really cool bar that has good food and beer... Today great beer.  You can't go wrong here they have something for everyone.Great go-to bar.  Strong drinks, nice staff, and amazing food.Their beer selection is excellent, and they even have a beer list, broken down by style, so you can plan ahead. The dumptruck fries are pretty good, I think the secret ingredient is mushroom soup. Overall, it has a great atmosphere and an even better beer listStill the best place in the city for beer, but what happened to the old bar food???
Avenue Pub recently retooled their menu.  Unfortunately, this translated into massively increased prices and removal of many great items from the menu.  They say the new menu is more conducive to sharing, but many of the items are the same and are now just cut into quarters.
What was once affordable, high quality food is now too expensive to justify ordering in a place like Avenue Pub where the emphasis is truly on the beers.
Bring back the old menu and the old prices!!!Hummus with kiwi?  Who woulda thought, but it actually works.  So I figured I'd try it in guacamole at home and, lo and behold, that worked too!
Although that was the only food I tried, The Avenue Pub boasts a great beer selection for New Orleans and has an excellent, relaxed atmosphere with a pool table downstairs.  I did not go upstairs, but love the fact they have an upstairs bar.  The bartender downstairs was great, and the patrons seemed as happy to be there as I was. 
I must note I was there in the afternoon, so I can't comment on the night-life.They have a great happy hour, beer selection, and balcony. Go here! Just don't get their veggie quesadilla. It's veggies on a tortilla, no seasoning at all. I've been a vegetarian forever and I'm all about the vegan option, but if you're gonna do it, actually do it. This was gross.This is a great little pub in the Garden District. They have an impressive selection of alcohol and beers. Staff is very knowledgeable on drinks. I had a sweet and smooth bourbon and my friend had a bourbon ginger beer cocktail. They have an outside sitting area which is nice. The inside is a bit small, but easy to navigate. Prices were very reasonable. A fun place to grab a drink and watch the world go by.Great beer and whiskey selections with solid bar food available. No gimmicks,just solid barOne memory sticks out in my mind about this place: some drunk guy completely face-planted one night and an ambulance had to be called out. Crazy.
Other than that incident, it's an ok place. The location is nice especially the balcony overlooking St. Charles. The atmosphere is laid back and chill although the pool table is rather small. I feel like it would be a waste to even attempt to play because you would just get in everyone's way since it's so jammed up in that area.
I just don't choose to come here since there are other bars in the area I would rather go to.Simply one of the best beer bars I've ever visited, anywhere.  For all that NYC has to offer, there is not one establishment here that can match the complete package that is The Avenue Pub in NOLA.
On St. Charles in the Lower Garden District, not far from the warehouse district, its located in a low-key corner white building with blue window shutters.  Its two levels are related but distinct.  The lower level is by all appearances a classic, casual neighborhood beer pub, a dark wood-paneled space with bar tables, but its hard to miss the awesome display of 48 taps, sitting front and center at their long bar.  Those four dozen drafts feature an outstanding selection that is sure to please even a seasoned beer connoisseur.  The taps predominantly feature draft brews from around the US, with good showing of better Louisiana beers, and international choices veer Belgian; one cask on rotation.
Then there's the mind-boggling bottled list.  There's probably no beer style not represented in this well-curated, eclectic selection with some rare stuff.  Here's where the two levels of The Avenue matters.  Parts of the bottled list, especially the large bottles, are only served upstairs.  Unlike the downstairs, which is actually open 24/7 and 365 days a year, the upstairs bar has somewhat soft hours of 5 PM to midnight. 
The two levels have different vibes, suiting different moods.  While the downstairs is perfect for a casual, communal pub experience, the upstairs has a quieter ambience, the better in which to taste the big bottles.  It also has a lovely wrap-around balcony; enjoying a beer here while the sun set was one of my favorite memories in NOLA.
The staff are down-to-earth and straightforward, friendly but don't expect to be coddled.  We received the short end of one bartender's temper on one visit by heading upstairs at 5 PM when she wasn't ready; but once open, she seemed to have shrugged that off and was fine.  On another visit, we were surprised with a free order of hush puppies when the staff heard we were New Yorkers (temporarily stranded on account of Hurricane Sandy), done without fanfare.  The bartenders know the changing beer list reasonably well, so soliciting advice is a good idea if the list proves intimidating.  The Avenue has a short but comprehensive food list perfectly matched for pub dining.  I visited in between meals so can't say much about the food, although the hush puppies were freshly fried, a good bar snack.
I'd easily be a regular at The Avenue but alas, our distance is too great.  No future visit to NOLA will be complete without spending some time at this wonderful beer pub.I'm going to have to split my reviews on this one because the bar and food service were worlds apart.  
I can't argue with the "great beer bar" reviews; the selection was well chosen with lots of variety and a good showing of local craft brews.  The bar service was great with friendly, beer-loving  barkeeps.  
The back kitchen was the opposite; aside from the delicious smothered waffle fries, the medium burger was served burnt by a surly waitress with enough attitude to convince me to write a review.  I understand hangovers, and I don't like them either, but don't complain about it to your customers after getting orders wrong.  The appropriate response when you serve a vegetarian the wrong, meaty order is not "we'll that's what I wrung up" and rolling your bloodshot eyes.  A simple "we'll fix that works a lot better".  
I could keep going with the examples of poor service I saw from the dining staff, but I'll just stick with the bar-side next time and eat elsewhere.Amazing beer selection! Definitely a great place to go after a long night working in the service industry. The bartenders are really knowledgeable about what they have on tap and can describe all the beers which is great. 
The atmosphere is really laid back and welcoming.
I've only had their chips and salsa to eat but they have other enticing snack food on the menu that I would love to try!Fun place with a good selection of beer and other libations.  Started downstairs and then up to the balcony.Yet again I am amazed by this place. Is bad that I submit another review of the same place. I can express enough that this place is the bomb. Don't come here I warn you again don't come here you will spend the night and oh yeah it's open 24/7.Food/Beer: This was an awesome beer bar. They definitely had some great beers on tap. I love stouts and it was my luck that they had some good stouts from Evil Twin Brewing on tap. I had the I Love You Stout and the Imperial Biscotti Break Natale Porter at the downstairs bar. I made my way to the upstairs bar just to try the Blueberry Stout. As for food, I ordered the pub burger from the kitchen. It was a pretty dang good burger! It was super juicy and came with fries. It made for a good combo.
Service: They have some pretty nice and friendly bartenders that are very knowledgeable about the beers they have on tap. They were able to keep all of my drinks and food on one tab.
Location: There's a bar downstairs and upstairs with mostly the same beers on tap. Upstairs was a lot brighter and you can go out on the balcony.Probably the best beer selection in New Orleans!, Great pub feel to the place. You can find beers here you won't find anywhere else in the area!!Awesome beer selection, friendly service and great pub menu!! Highly recommend the loaded fries and the goat cheese burger.I've been here quite a few times now. The most recent visit was last Friday and I was there with 4 friends. I ordered a pear cider because I love trying ciders that aren't apple. It was delicious and it was only $3.50 because I was there right after work on Friday and it was "Crafty Hour."
They've got some really interesting beers. My friend K got a 9% IPA and really enjoyed it, and then later another friend S ordered the Rasputin stout, which was also 9%.
We also ordered some food this time. I had just eaten so I didn't order anything but two of my friends ordered the chicken sandwich that comes in a pita. It looked delicious. Their criss-cut fries also looked delicious. I will be ordering food in my next visit.
My only problem is how smoke-y the place gets and how I (and all my clothes) smell afterwards as a result of it. But I generally like it as a hang-out spot.I circled around this place and finally found it, talk about being elusive. Opens 24-hour is just awesome, unheard of in where I live. Adequate selection, not great, I'm spoilt living in CA. 
Lots of outlet to charge your devices. Aromatic cigarette smoke sweetened the air. Price is okay.Great beer selection for both my husband, the craft beer snob, and me, the beer lightweight.  Friendly bartender Gary picked out two great choices for me with just a little information. Loved the dump truck fries and the pleasant, open air ambiance.All of the french fries are fantastic! Cheese board is great, hummus is delightful. Great whiskey selection! Beer is pretty cheap especially during happy hour! I would come back to this place anytime I'm in new orleans! Super laid back atmosphereBeer bar selection is fantastic downstairs. 
Bourbon selection is massive upstairs. 
The Burgers are great, plenty of options. 
Great neighborhood vibe. 
I only walk, so can't comment on parking, but the streetcar stops a block downs and two blocks up. 
It's my "go to".I've been here several times during my stay and for the most part everyone has been exceptional except Eddie the bartender .... what a fuckstick . I asked him about a drink and he says doesn't know how to make it ... ok cool no worries but the asks me what's in it . I don't know exactly but that's why he's a bartender and I'm a client .... when I answered nothing he replied saying you don't know what your drinking and shock his head ... wtf am just suppose to make my own drinks ( everyone gets a trophy) or am I suppose to ask a bartender to hook it up b cause it their fucking job maybe I'm lost WTF ... over al good place JUST NOT EDDIE the fake ass bartender  .... fuck that  douchebagThis 24-hour bar & restaurant is truly a neighborhood haunt with an incredibly laid-back vibe. The beer selection is for those w/a discriminating palate (read: there's no buck-a-pint/keep-the-glass promos), and more barley wine options than I've ever seen. 
The bar food has taken a turn towards the upscale, and reflects what's on tap. I tried the oft-reviewed St. Chuck Duck sandwich and their house fires. The sandwich is delicious, and has enough grease to sooth the average drinker's stomach - in a good way. The standout are the fries - possibly the best I've had in NOLA. Can't wait for the weather to cool down and try the truffle version!
The staff was fast, friendly and accommodating. The crowd was a crazy mix of everything you want in a place near your home. But, I can only rate it 4 stars because of the smoking, Yes, I'm in a bar, but with food this good, it's a shame to have it ruined by someone's Pall Mall drifting over your meal.Great location on St Charles in the Garden District. Fantastic selection of craft & import beers. Craft beer happy hour from 4-6 every day. They even have an upstairs bar that services the patio that has a different selection of beers available than the downstairs. 
The Grilled Cheese Club is a-maz-ing. Buddah's Temptation (bacon wrapped deliciousness) & the Green Goblin are also way good. The staff is incredibly friendly & knowledgeable. Worth the trip if you are anywhere close to here or even if your not. 
As an added bonus, it sites on one of the stop for the street car.ype. . . . . . . . . . ..Bar + Food 
Location. . . . . . . .St Charles St, not downtown 
Prices. . . . . . . . . ..Higher 
Tap Selection. . . .Larger, 30-40 
Bottle Selection. .Extensive including rarities 
Samplers. . . . . . ...Possibly 
Full Pours. . . . . . .Yes 
Beer Level. . . . . ..High, well curated 
Food Level. . . . ...Unknown, Upgraded Pub Grub 
Staff. . . . . . . . . . ..Knowledgable, Friendly 
Growlers. . . . . . ...No 
Noise Level. . . . ..Louder 
Décor. . . . . . . . . ..Historic Row House 
Good for Kids. . ..No 
Parking. . . . . . . ...Street, Enforced 
Cash Only. . . . . ..No 
Recommended. ..Yes 
Comments: Avenue Pub is a quick trolley ride from the French Quarter area down St Charles St. It's an unassuming row house with a small sign. Interior is cramped, two stories with a different tap list upstairs. Bourbon and Scotch list was extensive with small pours available. Bottle list included 3F Hommage, for sale for $60 I believe. Tap list included Jolly Pumpkin, Magic Rock, Stillwater, and a few other specialties. Tap lines seemed clean. Food looked good. Staff checked on keg freshness for me, pulled out an inventory sheet to make sure a hoppy beer on was fresh. As always in nola, smoking is allowed inside and you can take beer to go as long as it is in a non-glass container. They'll give you plastic cups to go. Very fun, not to be missed. Pours ranged from about $6-8.A huge selection of beers - something for everyone. The bar and kitchen staff were great too. As vegetarians, we appreciated the non-meat options on the menu. The quesadillas were delicious and loaded with veggies.My boyfriend and I were recently in New Orleans on vacation. While we were riding the street car down St Charles we saw the add for the avenue pub. The daytime bartender Shelly was very friendly and a wealth of great advise on what we should do while in NOLA. She also had extensive knowledge about the beer selection there. Without a doubt Shelly's friendliness and hospitality made our trip. I highly suggest this bar. We will certainly be returning!!!Pool, bar food, central well-lit location in a historic old corner grocery, balcony overlooking the streetcar line, and beer for miles.  Taps, taps, and more taps.  Amazing offerings few bother with.  Yeah Avenue!   You give NOLA craft beer cred!Great service, great location, but probably not a spot I would want to go back too. They have a great rooftop terrace with chairs and tables, but the patronage was not quite the type to sit and enjoy the view. The bartenders were kind, great selection of drinks, but the bar seemed to filled with disrespectful frat guys. For a bar closer to the lower garden district I expected something pretty different, so maybe that's on me. Maybe we were unlucky as well, but it was not my favorite experience we had in New Orleans.Best place for beer in New Orleans.  Period.
Avenue Pub has developed a following among "in the know" beer people in New Orleans because generally half of the beers on tap cannot be found elsewhere in the city.  Very exciting for beer connoisseurs (read as: snobs) like me.  I really liked the fact that the bartenders spray out the inside of the glasses with a quick blast of water before pouring the beer.  It keeps the glasses dust-free and helps with head [foam...] retention I think.  Either way, its a nice bit of pomp.
Of note is that there are two sizes of pours: 10 oz and 20 oz.  [Note: looks like I don't know what I'm talking about regarding sizing... the owners of Ave Pub left a comment correcting me...] I'm a fan of the 10 oz so I can try more beers before being totally wasted.  Also, prices are pretty reasonable by beer bar standards.  I had a really good time, got my buzz on, and spent 14.25 plus tip.  Yeah!
The atmosphere isn't anything too exciting.  Its dark.  There are tables in addition to the bar.  There is an awkward pillar in the middle of the bar which blocks a complete view of the taps.  Slightly annoying, but I guess its structurally necessary.  Damn old buildings!!  They've got a fun jukebox and a pool table.  If the bartender likes your song selection, they enjoy cranking the volume up.  So choose wisely.
As others have said, the food is from the restaurant formerly known as J'Anitas.  Used to be a stand-alone establishment, but now exists as the bar food for Avenue Pub.  Some great symbiosis is going on.  I've now had a steak sandwich with fries and the much-lauded St. Chuck Duck.  I'll be honest - didn't enjoy St. Chuck.  There were WAY too many flavors going on at once for my tastes.  The steak sandwich, however, was DELICIOUS.  Wish I could remember its name.  As for the temperament of the cook staff, I was confused by Sarah's review because the first time I went the cook was really nice!  On my second visit, I understood her review - I got the asshole cook.  He enjoyed screaming my name in a blood curdling tone when my order was up.  Not sure why.
Note: even though there are separate registers for the food and drink, you can get the tabs combined and pay together.Quaint pub with wide selection of beer and whisky.  Good pub food.Wasn't sure walking in but we got into town at 12pm and we had to find food.  We got the To Die for Fries, and Open Face Sandwich. YUM YUM YUM. A Beschamel sauce on the spicy fries, I was hooked and the bf's sandwich was really good too. By the time we left our bartender had written front and back a whole list of places for us to go/see/do. I normally don't go somewhere twice in one trip so that I can try new things, but we are going back before we leave.Fantastic beer selection. Still charming but Tvs available for sports. Upstairs balcony is a great spot to enjoy some sun and good brew. Some food options available. Hummus was a little strange, mixed with ricotta. But if the cook is there making her grandmas fried chicken, it's worth it.This is the preeminent beer bar in New Orleans - Cantillon's Zwanze Day is held here, and that's good enough for me. Beyond that, the beer list is encyclopedic, and perhaps more importantly, features some interesting oddball/rarities. 
While sipping a beer on the second floor, I wondered about the history behind this ancient building - in and out, it looks like a fairly old bar. Apparently, per the Avenue website, this building has been around since approximately 1845. How long has this been a beer-centric bar?
There's a ton of great beer here, but the selection comes with a price - crowds. Vibe-wise, it felt more like a youngster's raucous dive bar than a "serious beer bar," which isn't entirely my thing, but that's OK, I can deal. If the beers are good, that's all that matters.
The first floor was jammed, so we sought refuge on the second floor, which wasn't much better but for a couple lone chairs in the corner we gladly snagged. Speaking of the first floor/second floor dichotomy, my only real criticism of this place is that I found it a little confusing what's on tap, where. Each floor has some of the same beers, but not all of them...and then what about the extensive bottle list? Can I get all of those on both floors, or do I need to order downstairs? I was never quite sure. 
As for the beers, the bartender definitely knew his stuff - clearly a fellow beer geek, it was a pleasure ordering from him. At the time, I went with the Terrapin French Toast Wake N Bake, which to me was a total disappointment, as it just tasted like an ordinary bitter coffee stout, definitely not the breakfast-y goodness I was expecting. Oh well, that's not the bar's fault, that's Terrapin's fault. The Saison de Pipaix from Belgium's Vapeur we ordered concurrently fared much better.
Without a lot of time to explore the area's breweries and bars, for beer, I'd come here and use it as kind of a clearinghouse for local beers, as many from NOLA's breweries are proudly served, as well as pours from those further afield such as Bayou Teche.Read about this bar in Draft Magazine and made sure to check it out on my recent visit.  Just to be safe I checked it out three times...
A great selection of craft beer, almost 50 different selections on tap, plus many more bottles.  The beer menu, while a bit hard to decipher based on how its laid-out, is good for breaking down the menu by style.  
The food was also very good.  I was hungry when I stopped by and tried the crab & corn bisque which was awesome.  I heard other raving about the green goblins which were homemade jalapeno "poppers" but wrapped in wontons.  There's a downstairs patio, an upstairs balcony, plus tvs, pool tables, darts, and a kickin' jukebox.
PLUS its open 24 hours!  OH and their happy hour (4-6) has $2 off all US craft brews...drink up!Wow!  The fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade made me want to move here!!!  Great fresh local beer on tap. Friendly service and easy listening to jazz music. Neither too loud or quiet. Great ambiance and Mercian was fabulous and very knowledgeableOur favorite bar. Wide selection on tap that is thoughtfully curated. This is a bar that takes care in its selection and service of beer. Follow on facebooks for updates on limited editions being tapped
And don't leave without getting the dump truck fries- bechamel sauce, skinny fries, you can't go wrongMy sister and I frequent this place on a weekly, if not daily basis and I have nothing but wonderful things to say about it. Amazing beer, delicious food, and an even tastier staff! ;)
Stopped by earlier today in the wrath of Mardi Gras madness and some ass hat was giving the kitchen staff a hard time about their "quality of burgers" and how it's gone down hill. If you've ever worked in the service industry, ESPECIALLY during Mardi gras, you'd know that there is literally no way to appease the masses. While I strongly disagree that their quality has been compromised by the influx of humans, I will say that if you seriously expect the same service ON THE FIRST WEEKEND OF MARDI GRAS, compared to any other weekend, you're an idiot. 
Avenue Pub is my local watering hole. I love the staff, the beer, and the food is perfection. Any day, any time. 
I love me some a pub, as should you!Huge selection of beer on tap. Great bar food.Good news: craft beer culture is finally reaching the south. The bad news: this place is one of the only places introducing people to it.
Prices are absurd, staff is VERY rude almost to the point of being aggressive. They once poured my wife a beer that was on the happy hour menu then told her it wasn't happy hour price. This was her fault in their mind and they were offended when we called them out on it. This is but one example of the many negative interactions I have.
I will say the food is good, not worth putting up with the staff or prices though.
Just because you "certify" your bartenders and take the time to find interesting kegs to tap doesn't give you the right to treat your customers like peons.Very smoky. Duh, right? It's a bar. I'm not a fan of that, but didn't get a chance to check out the second floor patio. Great selection of lambics and the meat/cheese fries are INSANELY AMAZING!This place was recommended by several family members, so my husband and I went to check it out on our last night in New Orleans. It's a bar, and the beer selection was really impressive. The food was extraordinary too, for bar food. I had the St. Chuck Duck sandwich, and the duck was good, but the currant spread that accompanied it was pretty overwhelming--I felt like I was eating a mincemeat panini at times, so I ate the duck from the bread and was very happy. The sides are good and filling. My husband had a turkey sandwich he really liked. Price is good, service is, even on a slow night, not overwhelming. But it's a bar, it's a bar. It's not a restaurant just because there's food. Remember that and you won't be disappointed.Starting to lose their edge.  They used to update their beer selection online daily now maybe once a week.  I guess the tourists will buy whatever they have so who cares.Fits every need for a bar in the city: 
-great cocktails and unique beer selection
-downstairs with pool and TVs, upstairs with lounge space and a balcony
-yummy yummy yummy bar food 
-strategically placed between the Lower Garden District (LGD) and Central Business District (CBD)/ French Quarter
-Just off of the streetcar line
-wonderfulI love the beers on tap, and while the food is not filing, it is really good.  I am getting into whiskey and this is also one of the the top rated whiskey bars, cannot waitcan't wait to go back
the beer selection was to die for.. something for everybody... better yet, about fifty things for everybody.
the staff was amazing..  really fast service and super friendly.
atmosphere was chill.. good people, good vibes.
the food is even worth checking out. i'd recommend whatever special of the day they have going on. it's a special for a reasonNot only does this place have an incredible beer selection but awesome staff. They were helpful in recommending beers but these 5 stars go to the kitchen. I don't know who he was but it was 1:55 on a Tuesday and he still took our order, something quite frowned upon in any other establishment. Our cheese plate was put together perfectly and though it was simple in ingredients, it had the attentive detail you only get at 4-5 star restaurants. This man cares for his craft. Avenue pub is well worth the cab ride, no matter where you are coming from. Even if you only get a cheese plate. P.s. It comes with candied bacon.A little stingy on what they will put in a growler, but nice selection of beers from all over.amazing draft selection. chill vibes. went at 2pm (hey, it was vacation) and it was pretty quiet but the bartender was just attentive enough. definitely stop by if you're in the area.This was probably my favorite bar we went to on our trip to NOLA.  I can't remember how many hours we spent here and I can't remember how many beers I drank.  But it was a lot.  We tasted a ton.  They have a bunch on tap and offer tasting portions.  A few stand outs were a gingery ale from Japan and Lazy Magnolia Southern Pecan.  The bartender was super friendly and helpful not just with beer selection but with giving us a list of a ton of recommendations for food and drinks in NOLA.  And not just touristy type places, but places it seemed that she'd go out to with friends.  There weren't that many other people in the bar at that time of the day, but that's probably why it was such a nice time.  The bartender had plenty of time to help us and we chatted it up a bit with a couple other patrons including another one who happened to have also lived in DC and a rep from Lazy Magnolia who kindly bought us a beer.  It was a very relaxing and pleasantly boozy afternoon.Awesome experience here. Went with two friends wanting to sit on the balcony upstairs. We found the stairs up after a few minutes, but unfortunately there were no open seats. We decided to get beers and stand at an empty table, and eventually found some chairs.
Why five stars?
-The decorations inside and the murals on the walls were pretty cool.
-The upstairs bartender was really friendly and knew his beers. On a few of my trips inside we bonded over Game of Thrones, and on another watched the "Con Te Partiro" scene in Step Brothers, which was playing on the TV. Easy yelp points from me.
-Green Flash IPA on tap. Yeah buddy!
-The guy who took my order downstairs (my group split some of the jalapeno fries) was also very friendly. He was about to throw some older fries in a basket while I waited downstairs, then said "Let me throw some fresh ones in the fryer. You're upstairs, right? I'll bring 'em up when they're ready." Not a huge gesture at all, but it was greatly appreciated, and made the fries worth the price. That said...
-The fries were hot, crispy, and waffle cut (almost always a plus).
One of the highlights to my already fantastic trip to the NO. When I return, I will definitely set some time and streetcar fare aside for a trip back to the Avenue Pub. I will need to check out the downstairs beer selection too!By far the best craft beer bar in Nola.  The patrons were great, the bartenders were great, and the selection is amazing.  I was in town for a week, and went twice!Great food and drinks, low rating Bc there was a bi*ch that worked upstairs that was rude as hell and a d*ck that was making the food who made me feel like sh*t when I asked for a drink in his section of the bar and didn't I know he was the food side.  They he made my order wrong.  If you don't mind the rude service, the food and drinks are great and the there are TVs to watch the game everywhere.A large beer selection here, but deciding from a haphazard menu chocked full of loose leaf paper on a clipboard doesn't help matters. The taps also don't help since they are literally all have the same handles.
This is just another run of the mill dive bar that is ubiquitous throughout New Orleans.Best grilled cheese and smothered fries. Have already gone there for late night nom-ing.Five years since I've reviewed Avenue Pub? Let's rectify that immediately, and give 'em another well-deserved star, of course.
Avenue Pub, well, it's pretty much perfect. Whenever anyone (i.e. Yours, Truly) starts to gripe about the lack of late night vegan food, point them here, please! There's a dedicated vegan menu of four tantalizing (esp late at night) small plates, like tempura fried oyster mushrooms and a roasted veggie quesadilla.  And I went on about the hummus in my previous review, but I'm pretty sure they didn't have cauliflower hummus back then, which I tried the other night and loved. It has coconut milk in it, too, so it's slightly sweet, in a good way, and way less heavy/garlicky than its chickpea cousin. The texture is almost whipped, which is terrifically pleasing. 
As they mention on their website (we appreciate transparency, don't we?) that kitchen is teeny tiny and they cannot dedicate food surfaces to vegan or accommodate very strict food allergies. I'm OK with that, but you may not be. 
I typically only come here on weekdays, when the upstairs balcony has seating and the place isn't crammed with revelers. We did walk away on a recent weekend when the place was packed, so if a more lively scene is *your* scene, Avenue Pub is a really good time!How do I love thee? Let me count the beers -- which are listed in painstaking detail on clipboard menus. But  forget the poetical crap. For the beer aficionado, or the wannabe, or just the curious beer lover like me, I know of  no better place in New Orleans for craft beers and  foreign gems than the Avenue Pub -- especially if you like Belgian styles. (And that's not to knock The Bulldog, which I seldom walk past without stopping in.)  The Ave Pub has a great selection upstairs and down.  They satisfy the most incorrigible hop fiend (you sorry buggers), but they go well beyond that  with  sours, wheats, stouts, and a bit of malty stuff. They offer the best of the local beers and some stuff that's just weird.  I often wish they had a nice simple Scottish ale or some old-school  English "bitter," but they always have something that works for the non-hophead like me.  Every Friday evening  there's a special cask upstairs. Sometimes it's awesome, sometimes not so much, but it's always fresh and well-worth a try.  And they get beer that few other saloons in North America can get.  I have not tried their bottled beers, but they have an intimidating selection.   They also have a lot of bourbons,  though I don't go there for that. 
The staff know their beer and they're very friendly.  They will  tell you whatever you need to know.  The owner is as close to the Beer Queen of the Universe as you'll ever want to get. 
I'd call the food creative yet reliable  pub food, and not pricey.  I don't eat there often, but I've been reasonably happy with the burger, calamari, crab cakes, dump-truck fries, and a really nice grilled-cheese club (or whatever they call it.)  If they have something experimental, try it.   But the beer is the star of the show.   
The place is divey in an unconsciously hip sort of way, but the clientele is eclectic - anyone who fancies beer is there, and nobody cares whether you're wearing a bow-tie or a nose ring, young or old.  If you are in New Orleans and love beer, you owe it to yourself to come here.  It's an easy streetcar ride from the CBD or Uptown, or you can stroll  from the CDB or  Warehouse District, in 30 minutes or much less.  Yo. ride your bike!This is my very first yelp review after years of enjoying others'.
Relaxing neighborhood pub with half dozen cafe tables and some bar stools, right on St. Charles streetcar line. Don't let swinging door slam. Nice beer selection (e.g., Magic Hat #9, Stone Sublimely Self-Righteous Ale). Pleasant bartenders and interesting, friendly locals. Food options include burgers and "to die for" fries (actually called that) drenched in (I'm told) a delicious garlic cheddar béchamel goo, but the green goblins are the bomb. These crispy but soft, creamy but chewy, spicy, little, hot pillows of wonton pleasure will haunt me for a long time. The Grilled Cheese Club was satisfying too. Cool place.Best bar in New Orleans, hands down. Wednesday nights are the best with their beer tastings. A great opportunity to try many beers you otherwise may overlook. Food is fantastic and always changing, and the staff and owner are friendly and inviting. The Avenue Pub is one of my must hit bars hen going out on the town.The "adult" grilled cheese was solid.  They have a great beer list here.  A much better drink place then food place.Stopped in our last night in town--a Monday. Because of the football game it was quite loud inside. So we sat outside amidst the smoke. All in all it was a cool neighborhood bar. The had a nice back patio as well as a couple of tables in front on the sidewalk.Good views of St Charles Avenue. We didn't eat, just had a couple of drinks.Bartenders so good.
I am not a big craft beer person, but the bartender was great and got me the perfect beer. Actually she got me several perfect beers!This place is 2-3 blocks away from my apartment, so obviously I am a fan already. My friend and I decided to go here one Wednesday night when we needed to drink a few beers and catch up.
We bought our beers at the bar, and headed to one of the tables outside on the sidewalk. We quickly realized why we were the only ones out there; this area of St. Charles has a serious homeless problem. Social justice issues aside, we couldn't afford to keep giving out our dollars, so we moved inside and up to the balcony, which was panhandling free.
The balcony is a great spot to be on a nice night. We weren't on a date, but I could see someone bringing a date here. At least on a Wednesday, there was plenty of room to hang out and chat.
The beers were priced pretty much what you would see anywhere else. I enjoy the fact that they have such an extensive selection that is pretty much unrivaled in the city. Yes, I believe they have even more beers than the Bulldog!
I enjoyed this bar because the workers are nice and the vibe is unpretentious. I need to frequent this establishment more regularly, clearly.Visited many times while spending a week over Halloween in 2011. A two story home from the antebellum days converted to a craft beer heaven on serene Saint Charles Avenue. Drafts on both floors, with the larger selection downstairs. Open 24 hours, not unheard of in NO and food is available from a privately run kitchen next to the main bar. Friendly and knowledgeable staff, awesome selections both on draft and in bottle, a pool table and jukebox, and regular "special events". I attended a Trappist Ale Night, several hard to find choices AND representatives from 4 of the monasteries. Growler service is available(yeah). Upstairs balcony is a treat and an outdoor patio. A hangout for the locals where travelers are welcomed. Smoking is permitted(boo) but you've got to take the good with the bad. A short jaunt from Bourbon Street and well worth the trip!Oh my God! I am way overdue for an Avenue Pub update!
Since my last review, I have become a bit of a beer connoisseur and I know a good beer when I taste one. Not only does Ave Pub have revolving taps, but the owner Polly  is always sure to have an abundance of delicious brews in bottles for her patrons to sample. I love the Pub because the bartenders are always super friendly, even if you are a beer novice and you need a little help figuring out what you like.
I love this place not only for the beer, but the balcony and the fact that it is open 24 hours. It also doesn't hurt that one of my bestest friends, Liam works the graveyard shift a lot of nights. If you are service industry, head in here after work and you will be treated right.
Oh and it helps that Ave Pub has a kitchen. Not sure what time it closes, so you might want to do your research before you plan on munching here. Just a note: the dump truck fries are legendary.
Will I go back? Uh...yeah. Always.Best bar in NOLA!!! By far.  After coming here for years and going to most bars in the area, this by far IS the best. The service is outstanding. The selection is the best in NOLA. Can't decide on a beer just talk to the bartenders and their suggestions are always spot on. I must warn you just like in my other reviews. This place is addicting. Don't say I didn't warn you. Oh yeah, the food is great was well. Everything on the menu is delicious!  Like I said this place is addicting.I had always passed this place, whilst driving down St. Charles and would think to myself "eek, what a dive!"  So, when my boyfriend suggested that we meet his friend and her husband here, one afternoon for a beer, I was less than thrilled.  Whatever, I'll give it a shot.
So, I went and it really wasn't that bad.  They have a huge beer selection, which is a huge plus.  This place didn't really start to grow on me, until a few months later when we celebrated a friend's birthday here.  We went to the upstairs area and sat in a big group on the balcony.  You have a great view of St. Charles Ave and the atmosphere is nice and not too loud.
They also serve food.  This night, we got a few snacks.  We also went back and got burgers, which were really good.
I took off one star because it's really smoky, so sitting inside isn't as nice as sitting outside.
Despite that, I would definitely go back.I came here for a semi-private viewing of Jeopardy because one of my coworkers was appearing on the show. We were seated upstairs in a room that was off to the side and we could have the TV as loud as needed to hear the show. It was a Friday, Monday, and Tuesday that we were there from about 530 pm - 730 pm and the bartenders were extremely nice. 
I wasn't feeling well one of the times I went so I opted for the Fromage Grille which had Taleggio, local Tomatoes, Roasted Mushrooms, Red Pepper Pesto, and a side of a Salad. I also got a tonic water and when I asked for an orange the bartender gave me a slice of his orange that he brought in from the Farmer's Market for his own drink!
I would come here again on a regular basis.Went on a weekday around 5, had most of the upstairs bar to just my friend & I. If you like trying different beers, this place will more than quench your thirst. Not into beer? No prob, they have more variety on their liquor shelf than you could hope for. Great burgers too. Downstairs a bit smoky, but didn't have any to deal with upstairs. Will definitely be back to the Avenue.Even though this place is always busy and it's a chore to find a place to sit, the service and food are amazing! I love the fromage grille. The flavors are mind blowing. It melts in your mouth. I couldn't put down the tempura mushrooms. No one can eat just one! The beer list is impressive. There is a beer for everyone! I chose a cider. It tasted like a fruity wine. It was delicious. This place is very inviting and comfortable. It's a good crowd.Honestly my favorite bar in NOLA. The bartenders, the drinks, the balcony, the atmosphere is all A+Chill beer bar in the Garden District serving 24/7, 365.  Didn't try the food but they are serious about their beer and happy to help you select (I typically go local).  Easy walk from the streetcar.Next time I have to try the food, otherwise this would probably be an easy five.  
The only thing that kinda set me back was one of the bartenders just giving a new bartender three kinds of hell that everyone could hear.  Hey, girl...there's a time and place, ya know?
Molly and everyone else rocked.  Quite a few beers I'd never tried which is what I always look for in a beer bar.  You don't have to worry about them "wasting" tap space with stuff you can get at your local Ruby Tuesday's back home.  
Right on the trolley line too...so awesome to be able to just ride down and back if you want to.  Another place we went to in the same hood said they used proper glassware, but then everything was served in a pint glass.  They must not know what "proper glassware" means.  
The patio is awesome too.  We were lucky with the weather to be sure, but awesome spot to watch the trolley roll by and get a real taste of the Garden District.  It'll be my "go to" bar for New Orleans from now on.  
Now...tell that server to chill on her co-workers!  No one wants to hear that when they are chilling at the beer bar!Very nice and cozy environment but a bit overrated(and, overpriced). Perhaps because there's not a whole lot of competition in the neighborhood.New Orleans, Louisiana ---
"The Avenue Pub" is an easy "ain't coming back here again bar!" ...
Their bartender is the winner of the "Run-A-Way Bill" "Worst Bartender of NOLA" award winner ...
Never made eye contact or listen to a word I said ...
I ordered a $10 "Duval" beer and requested to bottle cap, but in thevtrash it went 
then I said keep a $1, which she did not & I held it out for her and she waljed away ... the other bartender walked across the bar and took it from me 
watched & listened to her deal with other customers ... very angry person 
I thought she just hated guys, but I was wrong ... she doesn't like ANY customer! 
No reason to visit this bar with so many other choices (pARTy Tip ... "Half Moon" bar) ...
"Run-A-Way Bill" was here! (but will NOT be again)   
day 038 DUSA 2017" (Discover USA) 
day 091 "666 Bars of 2017" bar 185
#RunAwayBill #DUSA2017  #666BarsUSA 
04.01.1724/7, 21+ Craft Beer nirvana. Only complaint is crazy uncomfortable stools. But if they didn't disincentivize me in some way, I'd just move in & live here.I consider this a Marginy bar located in Uptown/Lower Garden that isn't posh nor commercialized. It definitely isn't a "dive bar" as it has a more beers on tap than most bars in Uptown (except Bull Dog). Every time I go, I always start with a Magic Hat #9 from Vermont. It's especially good during the humid summers.  
An added bonus of this place is that J'anita's is located inside the bar. It's a kitchen that is open 24 hours and the pub food is geared towards the clientele in the food industry. Which boils down to interesting food prepared very well.I was in New Orleans for five weeks and this was one of two places I kept going back to. Fantastic beer selection, limited menu but the food is amazing, incredibly friendly and helpful staff, great atmosphere and, best of all, open 24/7. I always spent too much money here but every time I went I meant great people (locals and other visitors alike) and I always had a wonderful time. I'll miss it when I'm gone.At $14 for a burger, this had better be a good burger. IT WAS.
I'm picky about my hamburgers and the Pub Burger stands out as one of the best I've ever had. The meat was well seasoned and had just enough fat and --most importantly-- it was cooked to a perfect medium rare, which is rare and amazing for a bar.
Go for the beer, stay for the burger.Hosted a party there recently and can't say enough about how accommodating the staff was.  Eileen and her crew that run the upstairs patio are amazing.  They reserved tables for us, made sure we were OK and had everything we needed and went over and above for the entire group.  Great food, great prices and great people - if I lived in New Orleans I'd frequent this place!We spent part of our Monday evening at The Avenue Pub. This was a very good choice. The pub has 2 levels with the first floor focusing on craft beer and the 2nd focusing on Whiskey & Bourbon. We sat at the bar on the first floor and were wowed by the selection. Had some of the best beer I've ever had. The bartenders were very helpful and happy to engage in conversation. They are a verified venue on Untapped, which is very helpful. You can get food by ordering from the kitchen which is 20 steps to your right. It's a fairly small menu, but the food is great. We started with the Roasted Veggie Quesadilla with cheddar cheese. We agreed that it was the best quesadilla we ever had.  Then we shared the Currywurst-SO GOOD!!  You just need to give your credit card to the bartender for payment anywhere in the pub. They sell some merch and I got a cool pint glass Koozie. The pub is open 24/7. But they do close twice a year. A day after Mardi Gras and then for 10 days in August.  I highly recommend The Avenue Pub and will surely return if I visit New Orleans again.The selection of craft beers at this place is great!  If you are looking for a place in New Orleans to try out some new and interesting breweries, here's your place. Even if you don't like beer, I guarantee that you can find a beer here that you like. Seriously. They're that good. 
The bar has two floors. Downstairs you have a few tables, the bar to sit at, a pool table, and a patio out back.  I prefer the upstairs area. While downstairs feels like a bar should, upstairs has a more low-key feel.  Kind of like you're drinking a beer at your grandmothers - if she had beer on tap and everyone liked visiting your grandmothers. Also, there is another bar upstairs.  This bar usually has its own special menu printed out and they have special brews on tap that change frequently.  On Wednesday nights, there are beer tastings which have been known to bring in some really awesome selections.  
I really enjoy this place. Go check it out. 
Things of note:
- The balcony is great 
- Upstairs used to not be open all the time, but I think that changed recently.  
- Wednesday beer tastings FTW. limited space available for these.
- Upstairs and downstairs tabs are connected! yay technology!First and foremost, killer service.  Excellent beer, wine, bourbon, scotch, and barleywine selections, too.  
Had a flight and then received an awesome suggestion regarding a peche mortel bourbon roll.  The Makers Mark really cut the tinny taste of the water used in the beer itself.  Rounded out my time at The Avenue with a pint of the grappa barrel aged Spaghetti Western.  
Will definitely come back next time I'm in town.We ventured into this place after getting off the St Charles street car, and it was a fun, and lively place. They have several taps both upstairs and downstairs, and an EXTENSIVE list of bourbon and whiskey. We had a beer downstairs at the bar before heading upstairs for a another drink and to check it out. They had a nice outdoor patio that you could hang out on, and offered free water on a side table. 
We didnt order any food, but we did hear the bartender say that if you want food you order it from the kitchen. If you started a tab, it was accessible from upstairs and downstairs, and thats very convenient.I went to this place to kill some time around 4 PM in the afternoon on Wednesday early December right after the Thanksgiving holidays.  I arrived from NY expecting to see some crowds but it was empty with maybe about 10 people at the bar all together. The signs suggested that everything was a self-service.
I ordered the ABITHA beer because that's what the NOLA folks drink and did what I would normally do at a bar.... immerse in social media. Yup. No one to talk to and nothing to do.
Bartender was very friendly and the place is kept like a "DIVE" bar all the way. Am I a big fan? Hm. I wish I was there when it was busy and crowded so that I can say that my first bar experience in NOLA was drunken craziness.
Nice quiet afternoon @ NOLA.Fantastic selection of craft beers! Great service and low key atmosphere. A must for craft beer lovers!The Avenue Pub is probably the best beer bar in New Orleans based on my recent travels. The beer scene here is not at quite the level as back home in DC but they had some of the best selection I came across. It was exciting to try my first Juicifer here.  First, the bar is open 24 hours which was a first for me. I have to say I would love to see the patron dynamics inside around 5:30 AM on a weekday. The bar essentially feels like an old home with rooms and bars scattered all about. The rooftop has a great feel and has views of St. Charles and all its happenings. The atmosphere and vibe is just what I was looking for where it's more relaxed but still a celebratory crowd who appreciate a well-crafted beverage and not looking to just get wasted.  It would be very easy to become a regular here and one I would absolutely come back to.To paraphrase Bette Davis' epic line from "Dark Victory",  I think I'll have a large order of....prognosis negative , er.... make that Unibroue Trois Pistoles, Nola Blonde and Tin Roof Amber!
Came here at the recommendation of the awesome NO Yelpers and was so glad we did.  Went upstairs where we met some very friendly people, had a great bartender and got a terrific seat on the rooftop porch outside.
Didn't try the food because had dinner plans but what I saw looked good. Beer selection was stunning.  I liked that they had plenty of local brews by Nola and Lazy Magnolia.
Great beer selection, great vibe, cool people.  Avenue Pub is a place for people who appreciate good beer to come and enjoy beer and fellowship.In New Orleans, this beer bar is pretty much as good as it gets for beer. The selection is quite vast. The ambiance is casual and unpretentious. The bartenders are chill. The bar food is good enough. 
For those in the know, this place reminds me a lot of Max's Taphouse in Baltimore. At first glance, it looks like a normal sports bar, but upon any inspection of the tap list, you realize it is something much, much more than that. The draft selection is by itself pretty great, but for those who like looking at bottles, I am sure you will find some gueuze or sour that strikes your fancy. The beers are also very reasonably priced. Unlike New York, DC, or Philadelphia that serve tiny snifters of the high-end stuff for $10-$14 dollars, here a 6 ounce pour of an Italian gose was a mere $6 (yeah, that sounds expensive to the uninitiated, but it is a good deal). 
Fortunately, this bar also has a wonderful selection of local beers, which was the main reason that I was coming down here anyway. 
We ordered some onion rings. They appeared to have been home-made and not frozen, which has ups and downs to it, but all in all is a big plus. 
The crowd was pretty nice, except there was an extremely drunk girl causing problems and a bunch of homeless people outside trying to hit you up for money (or trying to sell a dubiously acquired bicycle). But, I can't blame the bar for that. The bartenders were also willing to call a cab for people who didn't want to wade through the rabble. 
All in all, I would come back if I were to return to NOLA.Super chill vibe, great location and ridiculously delicious beer list. I stopped by late evening and decided to enjoy some beers on the balcony with my husband. We ordered our first beer on the lower level and made our way upstairs. The balcony was terrific and it was great to sit under the stars and enjoy the warm weather. I went in to the upper level to order my second beer. I was slightly disapointed when I saw that I had already tried most of the beers on tap and was really hoping to try something new. When I mentioned this to the bartender he suggested the Hopped Cider. I am pretty sure I gave him a funny look like "what! you cant be serious?". Needless to say I am not much of a cider fan in general.  I do enjoy it here and there but I would never seek it out. Well... He was right. It was marvelous. I really enjoyed how refreshing and crisp it was while not being sweet. Kudos to him for the recommendation.Part of me wants to write a terrible review because I do not want this gem to become more popular than it already is. It's small and gets crowded fast. The truth is I love it too much to do that. The beer selection is extraordinary, You might find a  larger number of beer s on tap in other places but you will not find a more eclectic mix of above average, rare micro-brews. The bartenders are all awesome, very knowledgeable and friendly. This is not a hipster spot, you will not find over-sized martinis or Mojito's you will find the best and freshest beer available. There are no waitresses, order at the bar pick up after yourself and enjoy a beer that you cannot find anywhere else in three states.Shockingly good bar food - not necessarily good for you, but more than just greasy burger and fries - fried risotto and parmasan cheese balls, homemade hummus, grilled cheese with gouda (w/ or w/o bacon), and a bunch of other stuff that looked good.  Beer options are v. extensive and fairly priced, and they do basic mixed drinks, but no wine or fancy cocktails.  The bar is roomy and with all the doors on both sides, it stays pretty cool.  Only downside is that they allow smoking - the open doors help, but my hair and sweater still smelled like cigarettes when we left.  Oh, and as some of the other reviewers pointed out, the women's restroom is totally weird w/it's half-sized stalls.A great place to hang out with friends...until the smoke gets too thick.  The kitchen does a tasty job and the beer (& bourbon) selection is good.  Try heading upstairs for a quieter time and access to the balcony.  The upstairs isn't always open though.
Only big negative is the weirdly configured ladies' room.  It's a huge space but the stalls are tee-niny.  Like bang your knees on the door small, and I'm short.Good selection of beers. Relatively knowledgeable staff and the food was pretty reasonable. An oasis of good beer in the area. No smoking upstairs which is nice!I really love the beer selection and ambience at Avenue. Impressive rotating beer options, balcony area upstairs, delicious bar food, what's not to like? I'm a big fan of stouts and porters, and I've never been anywhere with options like Avenue Pub. Since I drift in and out every month or so, I really notice the differences on the selection each time I come in. The bartenders are always really helpful with recommendations as well.
I've come here with small groups and solo and find it enjoyable either way. It's generally not so rowdy or loud inside that it's uncomfortable to come in alone for a couple beers and a quick bite. While it's not tiny inside, anything larger than a small group could get a little cramped downstairs.
That being said, it's definitely worth checking out the space upstairs. Different beer menu and they've got a wall (literally) of bourbon to check out if that's your thing.Beer was good. Bartender was good. We were told the upstairs balcony would open at five. When we tried to go up there at 5:05 an employee told us to come back down. In a condescending way, he replied that we should have noticed the brick in the way of the door (the door was cracked open when we went up).This dive bar is super!!! So many beers to choose from! And don't skip the food! Hand cut fries, best I've had! We also did the dump truck fries! Great flavor, big portion!  Tried a burger and it was made perfectly! Not your typical bar food! Nice small town atmosphere! Loved it!I really enjoyed this place. I went with my boyfriend on a date here and he really enjoyed the beer options downstairs-and I mean the best beer options. While upstairs I ordered a cocktail where the bartender was happy to make me my own drink. Prices are decent and the upstairs balcony is a must!Saw the ad for this bar on the St. Charles streetcar and decided to drop-in on a late Sunday morning (love New Orleans). Then, came back on Monday and Tuesday afternoons, so yes, we enjoyed it.
The tap list is top-notch, and both servers were very knowledgeable. We thought the prices were reasonable. Not a place to order a Bud.
Smoking is allowed and may be an issue when the bar is packed, but there were never more than 1 or 2 smokers during our visits. Didn't get upstairs or try any food other than one of the fries (which was good).Not only the best beer selection in town, the Avenue Pub has stuff no one else around here has even thought about. This is the only place around here I've found to get authentic cask ale. Besides the amazing selection they also know how to serve it right, no frozen glasses or orange slices here!Great beer selection!!!  Finance 101 - if you're going to have that many beers on tap in such a small place they will probably be a little more expensive...but worth it!
Yeah, you have to pay for your food separately, not the only place in NO that does that.  Really nothing to whine about.The Avenue Pub Garden District Gem worth getting out of downtown for.  Local friends brought us here and we fell in love pretty quickly. In a city that you can literally relay towards inebriation, this is the only place we went to twice.
71 Beers on tap, none of which I had heard of before (which is more fun).  The bar tenders were friendly and happy to make recommendations--I asked for something dark and intriguing and they nailed it with a Belgium I had not had before. They are not limited--they make a great cocktail.  My girlfriend got the best bloody mary she had ever had.
The burger was really great, I was able to get goat cheese on my burger at no extra charge which is kind of unheard of.  You can also get American and Cheddar, however bacon was still extra.  We're doing the tiered burger package which is growing popular in higher-end burger joints everywhere, and this seems a little illogical.  
The first night my girlfriend got the braised pork which neither of us were impressed with, One miss doesn't ruin the experience; but in a place like this, straying away form the mainstream may not get you the best results.
I will come again and again every time I am in town for a weird beer, a great cocktail, and a great time.This was one of my favorite bar in New Orleans! You can enjoy seating options on top and bottom floors, the lovely and spacious outdoor patio, or the inviting wooden interior and roomy bar. The Avenue Pub has truly the best beer selection of anywhere else we visited, which probably biased me more towards this bar than others. Very enjoyable place to sit out back and enjoy a bit of rain on the patio cozy with some new potential-friends and some amazing beer, with a phenomenal $2 off happy hour deal! Also, kuddos to selling tickets on the patio to view parades - 20$ of your ticket price goes to a local technology school and $20 of your ticket goes to your own food and drink tab. We would've enjoyed to attend if we were in town.This place takes its beer selection very seriously with craft and international options rarely seen. You will find unexpected and truly artistic choices to broaden your horizons. They have a great balcony for hanging out. This is a very casual, not trendy, but cool place.Lots of different beers on tap. So if you're looking to try beers you've never had, this is the place. Also, while the menu doesn't show it (not that I saw, at least), they do offer 4oz pours. I got three different 4oz pours so that I could try more beers without going overboard. I did not try the food on this trip.As a bar that serves food, this couldn't be better.  I just realized that J'anitas had been rehomed to this location and the food still great.  The guacamole is damn good, they make their own tortilla chips to order, but the fish sammich, good lord.  My husband got the special of the day which was Cuban pork, beans, and rice and he said it was fabulous. The bar has a great selection of beers on tap, so I was able to enjoy some superb food with a icy beer.  The only bummer is that because the Avenue Pub is a bar, people can smoke inside, and I have really gotten used to restaurants being non-smoking.Best beer selection I have found in New Orleans with a chill vibe.  Also the food is really great.  I love it.Fantastic beer selection, lots of interesting local offerings. It was late and these were not the first drinks I'd consumed so my recollections are hazy, but I enjoyed myself. Very relaxed vibe, knowledgable bartender. And a pool table!This is my neighborhood pub... I can't actually express how much pride I take in being able to say that. For anyone that's remotely interested in finely crafted beer, there are few places in the world that take that as seriously as the staff @ Avenue do. The beer selection is in a state of constant flux, one rare beer keg making way for another exotic selection. The casks and one-offs that come in are a real treat. 
When you find that one beer that you fall in love with, you will come back frequently until the keg is gone, for who knows when another opportunity will come to experience it again?
The food is solid, and most definitely a cut above standard pub fare... The "To Die For" Fries are a bit daunting, drowned in a soupy garlic bechamel and onions, but it is a decadent reward when you think you've drank one pint past your personal limit.
Some pints can be truly pricey, at times, but the "Crafty Hours" and other specials they run can definitely offset the price one pays for truly exceptional beer.Great beer, knowledgeable & friendly staff and a really good, if limited, food menu. I will always make it a point to stop here when in New Orleans.The Avenue is, I'm told, the best beer bar in NOLA.  On our visit it did not disappoint.  It's pretty cool that they have both downstairs and upstairs taps featuring different beers, which keeps you busy as you're scaling the stairs and admiring the cool murals on the wall (or helps the laziness if you don't want to trek back downstairs).
The balcony was awesome, felt very intimate on a perfect summer night, with views of St. Charles and the streetcar below.  The only negative to our visit was when the server walked up and placed a reserved sign on our table without a word.  Would have been nice to hear "I'm sorry, we have a party coming in, can I help you find another spot?"  Being that most of the balcony was reserved, that ended my streetcar watching bliss.
The food was great- I'd highly recommend the grilled cheese, although it wasn't supremely filling on its own.  Beer selection is great, and the menu is one of the most informative I've seen, especially considering they must update it daily (includes style, description, percentage, pour size, and price).
Come here if you're looking for relaxing with some good food and drink, and you won't be disappointed.Finally got the opportunity to pop into one of the most highly regarded beer bars in the country, the Avenue Pub, on a beautiful Monday afternoon in New Orleans. On a previous visit a year ago I had called and been given inaccurate information regarding kids being able to sit at the outdoor front tables, and because I had my daughter with me at that point wasn't able to get in and enjoy the place. No such issues this time, as it was just the grownups for an early afternoon lunch. It was a gorgeous afternoon as we settled under a tent in the back beer garden and began to examine the impressive and sizable beer list. The place is in the final two for an online contest for "Best Beer Bar in the United States" with Monk's in Philadelphia, which is high competition. My brother enjoyed several classic Old Fashioned's, and the rest of the party worked our way through the outstanding brews. Great local stuff, super rare stuff, very varied in style. A must for a craft beer fan. We started with two orders of fries, the To Die Fries served with creamy béchamel, and the Dumptruck fries, which featured the béchamel with lemongrass and flavorful pulled pork. Both shareable choices were dominated by our party. I went with the classic and recommended Pub Burger, a 7oz local Artisanal Beef pattie perfectly prepared, with Arugula, Tomato, Onions, Pickles, Garlic Aioli on a Bakery Challah bun. I had cheddar cheese and candied bacon on it, and it was perfect. Juicy, flavorful, what a great burger. The service was great, and our bartender was awesome all day. When we wanted a comparable recommendation after liking this beer or that she did a good job, and didn't just steer us towards the most expensive or the stuff they were trying to get rid of. The reputation of this place amongst the craft beer set is serious, but seriously well earned and well deserved. The upstairs bar features entirely different options, and I would be intrigued by a return visit as well. Awesome time!This place has it all in New Orleans.
1) Low-key, off-Bourbon, out-of-the-French-Quarter location in the Lower Garden District.
2) Casual, laid-back neighborhood vibe.
3) Knowledgable, helpful staff.
4) Some of the best beer selection ever in a bar, on rotating taps, in both the downstairs and upstairs bars.  Local selections (Great Raft, Gnarley Barley, Bayou Teche), American craft options (Founders, Goose Island, Ommegang), sought-after imports (Chimay, Unibroue, Füchschen).  Bottle list is impressive as well, including heaps of large formats.
Beer mecca.  Beer heaven.  Beer nirvana.  Whatever you practice, Avenue Pub will send you to the sweet beyond.Met up with an old friend here who is a New Orleans local.  Funky décor, loved the upstairs patio, great beers at a reasonable price.  I'll be back.I found this bar through Yelp and was lucky enough to stop here and have some BBQ on a Sunday afternoon.  I'm not sure the food I ate is even available on their dinner menu, but get some BBQ if you can.  The price was right and the sauces were delicious.  Best BBQ beans I've ever eaten.  Super cool people serving it up, as well.  We'll be back.I met a commercial ship captain on one of my many bike rides around NOLA.  I was hungry and he sent me here.... I wish I saw him again because the man deserves a hug.
First thing you see is the bar with almost every type of craft beer on tap.  The bartender lets you sample as much as you want and even helps you pair your beer with your food.  
You order your beer from one side of the bar and on the other end there is a menu on the wall and a person who takes your order.  You have to love a place that calls sandwiches "Sammiches" and has an Adult Grilled Cheese Sammich.  The burgers are huge and delicious...  I was very happily surprised at the quality of food in this off-the-beaten-path pub.  
They do allow smoking in the bar but if your go Thurs-Sat nights you can sit on the upstairs balcony watch the sunset with a beer, burger, and fries.  :)Why avenue pub is my favorite place to imbibe beer and/or single malt scotch in this city: 
-Tap/bottle (and sometimes cask) selection: stellar
-Whiskey selection: stellar
-Andy the bartender: coolest guy ever, big Chicago bears fan, and crazy knowledgable about their whisky selection--knows my own taste in scotch better than I do
It's pretty affordable, too. The only downside is that it gets crowded sometimes (but it's nowhere near as depraved as the bulldog on a Wednesday night)Best. Beer. Selection.
Food options aren't too shabby either.
Upstairs has a balcony if you want to sit outside.I was advised this is where I might find the Belgian style beers that I like. They did have many in bottles, but unfortunately not any that I liked on draft.Stopped here after a long ride on the bike and they did offer my favorite alcoholic beverage Steigl Radler. They had the 12oz glass version at $5 per bottle that was a on the high side. The late night food menu is short on items and expensive to boot. Overall Avenue does have a large beer selection and thats mainly what you go here for in the first place.Excellent beer selection, although I find it strange they don't let you taste anything.  I've never been to a beer centric bar that doesn't do that.  It would never stop me from going back though.
They have great bar food, especially the bacon wrapped apricots and a unique take on some pretty traditional items.
Staff is knowledgeable and their upstairs is really cool.  Will be back for sure.Great spot that has a ton of beer and excellent food to compliment it. There is a bar on both floors with a balcony overlooking the passing street cars. Tons of craft beers from around the nation are available and there is a grill in the back that has a few platters and burgers available. The burger was one of the best I've had. Not what I expected at all.One of the best beer selections in NOLA and GREAT food.  I don't mean just for bar food its good... Avenue Pub has some of the best burgers around!We loved this place! It took us several minutes to determine which beers we wanted to try. The selection of beers was awesome. We each tried two different beers. They were both excellent. I had the dump truck fries, they were wonderful. French fries, cheese and pulled pork who could ask for more. We sat up on the balcony and it faces St Charles. We could see the streetcars and tourists heading down to Bourbon Street.  Loved it!This place is incredible. The beer selection is amazing, I could spend days here. The staff really knows their stuff: they are very friendly but keep a professional vibe. Also the food is perfect for munching on when you are drinking. Can't wait to visit again the next time I'm in NOLA.If I lived in town, I'd be here every week. I didn't try the food, but the people around me were eating some stuff that was making my mouth water. The bartender guided us through the massively impressive beer menu with grace and ease, pointing us in the tastiest of directions.
The best part is the priced-to-sell beer flights/samples. If your 10 oz beer is $4.00, your 4 oz. mini-beer is $1.60. We took advantage of that and tried nearly 10 beers (include two full-sized) for just $12. Considering we'd paid almost twice that for two drinks the night before at a different bar, we were definitely pleased.Went for the beer but pleasantly surprised by the food.  Appetizers and sandwiches were great.
Although they don't offer tastes the do have 4oz pours to allow you to sample.  Moylan's hopsickle was a pleasant surprise compared to others I've had from them.  Decent mix of regional and national but also surprised by the amount of BMC offered and sold.
Only minus was service was a bit slow on a Friday afternoon and even with no table service they probably could have used another person behind the bar.This place feels like home
Great selection of beers and
Those fries are the shittttttttttttThis is a great place to go to repeatedly. I love the low-key atmosphere, and it packs a wide variety of beer and booze. 
I've yet to find a better selection of liquors and beer in New Orleans in one joint. It changes a lot so it doesn't get dull. 
PLUS -- the food is spot on. No, no, no -- this is not typical bar food. Here, you get cheese plates, sandwiches, appetizers. It's legit.
The building is an old New Orleans house that was converted into a bar. Upstairs has balcony seating and SOME quiet places to chat. 
Dress as casual as you like or suit up -- I have seen both calbers of attire inside. No one judges. Everyone there has one purpose -- to have  a good time. You should experience that.