Tip the waitress and sit in the courtyard, it's nicer and worth whatever you give them to get there.  Or make a reservation if you can still keep time in New Orleans.
I am not a fan of buffet style but the food we had was good.  High quality for a buffet.  I had a piece of cake there that was amazingly good.  I think it was a doberge cake, it had yellow cake, buttercream, apple compote(i think) and chocolate icing.  I like cake and this one is worth trying.  The catfish and the shrimp etouffee are good.
Expensive with booze, but what else you going to do.Went there for dessert.  Bananas Foster was out of this world.  Joel put on a fiery show for me and my girls.  Great job!Come experience one of the most beautiful and historical Courtyards in the French Quarter. My name is Alan Moore and I'm a server here at The Court of Two Sisters. However; the team members and I would love to invite you to The Court of Two Sisters so that you can allow us to make your dining experience one of your most memorable dining moments. I encourage you to make reservations with me Alan Moore also known as " Da Monopoly Man" during your visit here at The Court of Two Sisters because I am one of the best  and I'm perfect for the work I commit to. Nevertheless, I'm not just a server here at this fantastic restaurant but however, I am a ambassador a lover of history and even more so a "Showman!" I promise to make your experience exquisite and very unique. I hope to see you all soon and remember Laissez le bon temps rouler!!! "Let the good times roll !!!"Beautiful venue. The outdoor court yard is so beautiful. The staff are friendly. We were there for the brunch buffet and there was a huge selection and everything was delicious.Amazing brunch. Lovely atmosphere. We liked the food here so much more than Commanders Palace. We will definitely recommend and return ourselves if back in New Orleans.The food is nearly inedible: our group of six gave up after two trips each- not because we were full, but because we were disappointed in nearly everything. Our service was subpar and we barely heard the jazz trio. Venue is charming, but at $30 a person, you can find an equally nice venue with much better food. Don't be tricked into this tourist trap.Best pulled pork sandwich ive ever had!!!!!! Their bread tastes fresh out of the oven.  Their vegetables are fresh too.The Court of 2 Sisters is a wonderful place. My wife and I came in from Chicago and was recommended this place and it is fantastic. The food is delicious and the ambiance is great. I highly recommend it Sunday brunch outside.We had two free tickets from the Jazz brunch from the hotel. The patio outside was very gorgeous, but we were seated soo far back that I could not hear the Jazz music. The band only played two songs in total the whole time we were there which was for an hour and a half. The waitress's assistant was soo sweet and kind. He was very funny as well. The waitress on the other hand was just plain rude. The food was mediocre, but the price (even though we didn't have to pay for it) was ridiculous for the quality of the food.This place is very nice and well preserved from its original days. We only stayed for drinks but it was worth it. The bar and drinks were as delicious as they were beautiful. The courtyard is also a must see. I also hear the $30 brunch they have every day is amazing.Wir waren an einem gewöhnlichen Mittwoch zum Brunch im "The Court of Two Sisters". Das Restaurant war sehr gut besucht. Wir haben in dem wunderbaren Garten gesessen, eine Jazzband spielte sehr schön und vor allem nicht zu laut!!! , der Service war sehr fix und aufmerksam und das Büfett war wirklich sehr abwechslungsreich, sehr lecker und gut präsentiert. Und hat es hier, obwohl das Restaurant an der Bourbonstreet direkt im French Quarter liegt sehr gut gefallen. Das Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis war ok.This place has loads of atmosphere, great egg, cold salad, seafood and hot creole dishes on the buffet.  Everything is regularly replenished and lines move quickly.  I'd have given it five stars but for two things:  with the exception of happy Birthday played a couple times the jazz band played only one song through our entire 1.5 hour brunch.  In my opinion that does not make for a jazz brunch.  Additionally our server and the passing servers did not clear our dishes so our two top was full of plates.  We also were not offered coffee which is included.  Great experience and fun but if these things can be corrected it will make a big difference!This place is a must for brunch if your visiting the area. The outdoor garden is just as charming as can be, but be forewarned that your seat may be wet so check it before you sit down or else you may end up looking like you peed your pants. I speak from experience clearly.
Service was friendly but the garden and the food were really what make this place stand out. Such a gorgeous setting. The Bloody Mary was below average so that was slightly disappointing. But the sangria with crushed ice is delicious! 
My favorite thing on the buffet was the red beans and rice. Fantastic hangover cure! I had about four plates of the stuff, I just couldn't stop. I also enjoyed that you had the ability to try lots of different New Orleans/creole foods. I'm sure you can find "more authentic" options elsewhere but for the proximity to Bourbon street, this place can't be beat!This place was awesome! We had a lovely time, the food was excellent and the service was amazing! We will surely be coming back again in the future!The service is great,  the court yard and music lovely. The prices are ridiculous for their repulsive  food which looks like it's been there for weeks. Hoping we don't get food poisoning from this tourist trap.The ambiance was great, but service was just atrocious... hostile !
My wife has a food alergy, so we have to ask questions on what ingredients are in the dishes.  When we said that she could not have any wheat prodcuts, our waiter literally Turned His Back on Us !  Stared at the sky, and gave an audible sigh !... as if he were annoyed with us...  He said he would get us the cook, who came out and was very kind and helpful.  For the rest of the night our waiter ignored us, slammed his tray down just behind my wife's chair, and completely gave our table the cold shoulder.  My wife ended up crying at the end of the night, thanks to this jack-ass waiter !     
Next night we went to NOLAS and had a great dinner, and never was made to feel as if we were inferior.  
Conclusion:  Staff is arrogant, rude, and insensitive.A must for any frequent traveler to New Orleans. It's ambiance is lovely, the jazz is great, and the service is sweet. You'll feel warm and fuzzy. The food is traditional and at times a little lacking but definitely worthy of a trip.Foods good nothing crazy but atmosphere is amazing live music is even better. Big place and outdoor seating for brunch.This place was nice, it was enjoyable to sit outside for brunch but I wouldn't call the music playing while we ate jazz, but it was very pleasant. The food was nice, usually with a buffet style, everything is mediocre but it appeared that everything was well cooked and very pleasant to eat. I would go back more for the ambience than the food, but I imagine that's the point.Came here for brunch on Saturday before Mothers Day. We were seated right at our reservation time. Waiter was always attentive and friendly. Atmosphere was beautiful outside and then the FOOD WAS GREAT! Buffet had everything from breakfast-lunch- and dessert! Loved everything about this place. Will be returning and def bringing friends here!Absolutely loved breakfast here!! It is so nice to have a buffet of all the must haves in NOLA in a beautiful courtyard with jazz music. The waitstaff was sooo attentive. Definitely try the banana fosters, shrimp, gumbo, glazed sweet potatoes, homemade ice cream etc! It is all great. 
Also, make sure you make a reservation and request the courtyard. It is so beautiful with live jazz music!Let me begin by saying that I was looking forward to having a jazz brunch here during our weekend visit to NOLA. Unfortunately, it poured on the day that we had reservations, so we were unable to enjoy the gorgeous courtyard!  No big deal, the ambiance and food should make up for that right?  Not hardly. From arriving at the hostess desk and being ignored, then treated like a bother, we were told to wait to the side. The staff were horsing around right next to us. There was no communication between the hostess and the waiter, they just stared at each other. Finally he just started walking to our table, no "right this way" or "follow me please", even a  "kiss my ***" would have been ok.  We sat at our table and he became a little more friendly explaining the process of the brunch after telling him that this was our first time here. 
We headed for the buffet after giving our drink order. Most of the staff were sitting in the hallway leading to the food, blatantly gawking at me while I walked back and forth from the buffet to our table. I did not appreciate this, and felt very uncomfortable!  The "jazz band" played right next to our table, but was less than energetic and excited to do so. The only good thing about them were that they weren't obnoxiously loud. 
Fortunately, everything that I had from the buffet was good except for the turtle soup and cornbread. The homemade ice cream and bananas foster was a sweet ending to the whole experience. 
Needless to say, we will not return to this establishment, and I certainly would not recommend it to anyone that I like.We got a outside table, which is pretty romantic at thanksgiving night. No live music at that time, which is a little bit disappointed. The food is good, our first time Cajun dinner. Service is good as average.For an evening of dining al fresco beneath a gorgeous latticework of wisteria, this venue proved to be truly magnificent.  The very busy restaurant was beautifully managed, the service was attentive and personable, and the food was scrumptious!  All very fresh, well prepared, and beautifully presented, with table side preparation of Cesar salads and jubilee desserts.  The gently illuminated brick courtyard was an ideal "stage" for the little dinner party I shared with my guests.  A charming upscale location that avoids excessive formality, The Court of the Two Sisters was the highlight of a memorable evening.Not generally one to complain, so let me start by saying-- the service we had last Sunday for our noon reservation by Sara was great. She was very sweet and helpful. Also, the food was pretty good! ... My favorite was the crawfish pasta at the salad bar.... That being said- the lines at this time for the buffets were RIDICULOUS. I mean... Waiting in line for almost 30min for the SELF SERVE line. I skipped this line simply because I couldn't bring myself to stand in the line! There is another station that does omelettes and eggs Benedict to order-- I opted for that line because it was actually moving faster than the self serve line. I would give The Court of Two Sisters another chance- the food that I had was very good and the courtyard is awesome- just think I would try it maybe on a weekday and not a Sunday....After searching high and low around town I finally found the turtle soup I was searching for at brunch here. Everything on the buffet was tasty but it was really expensive to eat here. But we loved the outdoor seating and the atmosphere and I finally got to try turtle soup. It was okay but nothing to write home about and to try again.Saturday Jazz Brunch
We were able to get reservations for the Saturday brunch.  We sat in the courtyard to enjoy the Jazz music and the wonderful weather.  Troy provided constant attention and service.  We quickly organized and our group of six headed to the food area in waves.
OHHH, so much to choose from. I started my plate with eggs benedict, then worked down the line taking a taste of the eggs, meats, turtle soup, sweet potatoes, fish, chicken, and so much more.
It was wonderful to sit in the patio, in the sunshine. The music was good but not loud or overwhelming.
Round two covered the salad and desert table. I enjoyed the chicken curry, pecan pie, and other southern tastes.  I ended with very tasty coffee and King's cake.
We stayed for about two hours.  Plan to stay and enjoy the ambiance and good tastes. The food changed from breakfast to a lunch menu midway through, so it was exciting to see the new choices, although I was quite full with my first two plates.
Be sure to touch the "Charm Gate" on the way in or out.Last time I was in the French Quarter I couldn't get in this restaurant so upon returning I made sure I made reservations. I'm glad I did because I loved this place. It's one of the best restaurants in the French Quarter, hence being one of the most well-known.
I had the chicken oscar and it was delicious. We also got the appetizer with the shrimp, crab, and crawfish and it was great. The other members of my party had the roasted half duck l'orange, the crabmeat, crawfish, and shrimp pasta dish, and a red fish special and everyone was extremely pleased with their meals.
I went for dinner, but I'm dying to go for the jazz brunch. I love the ambiance and it's like no other restaurant in that aspect. My waiter, Myles, was one of the most friendly servers that I had in New Orleans. Definitely make reservations here if you'll be in the area.The jazz buffet style brunch in the courtyard was exceptionally welcoming.The staff was totally accommodating and the food was so so good. The grits with braised veal was to die for and the turtle soup with a dash of Sherry was different and again delicious. I can't say enough about that atmosphere of the court yard because it was so comfortable and inviting.Went for buffet brunch. A huge selection of 'ok' food with a few tasty items. IMO, not worth the $30 charged, especially if you don't feel  like overstuffing yourself.  The shrimp were excellent. Coffee was awful. So there were definitely hits and misses. The courtyard is a great atmosphere, and our server was attentive.Came for jazz brunch at the suggestion of a friend. Made reservations well in advance. Was seated all the way in the back away from the jazz.....the very reason we went to jazz brunch in first place. Buffet choices were mediocre (I'm being generous --- quite bad)....shrimp was not cleaned which is something I would expect at a low end buffet but not a "high-end" restaurant.  I will say the sweet potatoes with pecans were absolutely delicious and the service was stellar which is the only reason I gave it 2 stars.  $100 for 2 people for a mediocre brunch is robbery. As if I weren't  horrified enough at the bill....I saw a huge cockroach on the patio floor on the way out.  I'm done I will not be returning....or recommending.It's an old staple of the French Quarter and really comes across that way.  More expensive than it needs to be.  The food is good and sitting outside under the old tree is cool.History lovers eat here!!
Seriously, if there was a restaurant with some history in NOLA's The Court of Two Sisters it! We're talking about a place where the building itself was around since 1726, when Sieur Etienne de Perier - royal governor of colonial Louisiana - was a resident there. Now that's old school!!
Food?
I ended up coming here for their Jazz Brunch. To my delight, I was seated at a pleasant distance next to the band in their courtyard that looked like it was straight out of Better Homes and Gardens magazine. It was beautiful. 
Oh yeah the food. I have to admit that the four stars is reflection of the atmosphere and the service more than anything else. While nothing in their buffet selection of breakfast and Cajun/creole foods was a complete standout, many would agree that there made-to-order omelets are king. 
There service certainly made up for any mediocrity in their food as our server was more than attentive to my needs refilling my drinks without the need for me to ask. Further, given that I was an out-of-towner, he made an effort to answer any question I had about the French Quarter and New Oleans in general. 
While I have yet to sample from their regular non-buffet menu, TCOTS is worth the dining experience simply for the atmosphere, service, and history.I went for the jazz brunch, and had a lovely time. It's served buffet style, but your server will bring you an omelet or eggs benedict upon request. (It's included with the brunch, as are all non-alcoholic drinks.) They have a huge variety of salads and other cold dishes that are made fresh and very tasty. I particularly liked the nice chunks of herring in cream sauce. They also had pick-and-peel shrimp (with cocktail sauce or remoulade) and turtle soup. The hot dishes were good but not exceptional. They do have a lot of meat options--sausage links, sausage patties, bacon, veal, cajun sausages, and smothered chicken. The service was top quality--very attentive and friendly. The courtyard is BEAUTIFUL, and the jazz trio is the perfect touch. It's a special occasion place (i.e., not cheap), but well worth doing.Employee refused to honor reservation for outside table.
There was piss all over the floor in the woman's bathroom floor, disgustingWe went for the jazz brunch. The service was impeccable! The patio is gorgeous and exactly what you imagine when you imagine outdoor dining in New Orleans. The food was tasty. It's a buffet, so it's not Michelin quality. But there are a lot of southern favorites and everything is very tasty! The jazz trio on the patio was just perfect. Eric and Takiba are pros and made our experience wonderful!Love this place!! Good music! Good eats! Will visit again in the future and do recommend!A friend said that, while in NOLA, this spot was a "can't miss" opportunity.  Fresh off the plane, we headed straight here for dinner.  The venue is truly fantastic--the seating area has a magical almost Disney feel to it:  fountains, white linen, candles, fairy lights adorning the enormous Banyan tree, excitement in the air.  The food wasn't bad - but I didn't have anything for which I'd definitely rush back.  I will recommend the place for a date night or special event strictly based on the seating area.  And the server, Orville, was animated and wonderful.  But we'll search for some other NOLA delicacies while we work our way through the rest of our time here.  
Update:  dessert was just served-bread pudding.  I usually don't eat desserts, however, I'm really glad I made an exception here.  This is truly exceptional.  I take my statement back that I wouldn't come back for anything--this dessert is worth a return trip.So visiting Nola for first time, recommendations to come here, hmmmm.  Service poor, menu expensive 25 to 30 dollar entrees, 10 dollars cocktails, food was good, cafeteria style feel to it.  Cost was expected, so no issue there, but the lack of attention was completely unacceptable.  Was not offered appetizer selection, drink menu, desert.  It was a pity really.  I wouldn't come here and two stars only because food was average.First time visit to the French quarter and I'm glad we got to try this restaurant out. We got a seat out in the courtyard for dinner which is just beautiful with all the white lights in the trees and the fountain in the center of the courtyard. The food was great! We ordered Ala Carte but the better value is the $46/pp which gives you the choice of an appetizer, soup/salad, entree and dessert. We just didn't want to eat that much at that late hour so we decided to go Ala Carte. I ordered the shrimp and grits and they were awesome! They also bring you a complimentary loaf of fresh, hot french bread before your meal. Our servers were great. The ONLY negative was that we got charged $4 for (2) glasses of ice water which shocked the heck out of me. I have never been charged for water from a restaurant before. I only drank water but my husband ordered coffee with his dessert. Everything else was so good that I decided not to say anything to them about it. But it did not sit well with me which is why I am mentioniong it here.For many, many years my friend's mom has mentioned this place to me about the time she came here for brunch a long time ago. Based on that conversation, I had The Court of Two Sisters on my short list for brunch options and made a reservation for Sunday brunch. For $30, you can enjoy a jazz brunch which features made-to-order Cajun Omelets which are amazing, fruit, standard breakfast items, classic New Orleans dishes (ie Jambalaya, red beans and rice, etc), roast beef, shrimp, veal, lunch items, and a variety of desserts (including an ice cream sundae bar). The brunch also comes with coffee or tea, but for extra you can get mimosas or other beverages.
The dress code is everything from casual to dressy. No matter what you wear, you'll fit in and look the part. I had on a dress there but there were many people there wearing shorts and jeans, and we all felt comfortable.
The courtyard here is huge and very picturesque! The trees and and canopy provide great shade from the sun. All of the food on the menu was great. I highly recommend the omelets, bananas foster, the sweet potatoes, the neopolitan cake, and some of their unique fare like sweet potatoe salad. The service was also very good.
I must admit, a slight downside to sitting under the trees here was that various insects would fall on us and the table. I didn't see any fall in my plate fortunately, but it kind of made brunch a little bit more of a nature adventure than I'd prefer. In spite of this, TCOTS is a great place for brunch in the French Quarter! 
Just make sure you make a reservation! I saw a couple who said that they had a 10:30am reservation get told that they didn't and had to wait,and upon exiting the restaurant, the main hallway and lobby was overflowing with people waiting for a table! You've been warned!If you want to here the music call to make a reservation outside, but the jazz brunch is delicious all though a bit light on the jazz. The brunch is worth every penny of the $30.Came here with my girlfriend for the Jazz Brunch after a long night of partying on Bourbon Street. This 'luxury Creole buffet' definitely hit the spot. Everything we sampled was very good and the overall experience was great. Sitting outside in the picturesque, wisteria covered courtyard right next to the fountain listening to the band playing in the distance was awesome. Court of two Sisters also earned extremely high remarks in my book for the most courteous, forthcoming and genuinely nice staff I have ever experienced at any establishment (and I made sure to let the management know that!).Such an awesome staff! 
Came here Christmas Eve night for dinner after mass at the St Louis cathedral. Most places we called during that week didn't pick up their phones, said they don't take reservations for the holidays (Christmas Eve or Christmas Day) or they were booked solid. We figured we would just try our luck and walk in somewhere that didn't take reservations or if any place had cancellations. We walked around several places and every where was packed. It was freezing and then we finally arrived to court of two sisters before heading home. 
We walked in and they were booked but they said they would make something work. What an awesome staff! They did so with such joy and smiles on their faces!! They quickly seated us for a party of 6 and also managed to do something special for my little sister, who's birthday was that day (she's a Christmas Eve baby). 
Food was delicious!!!! Drinks were delicious!!! Staff was excellent. Escargot was perfect and I kept some of the bread to dip it with. The steak was perfect! 
I cannot recommend this place more. A true New Orleans jewel.My husband took me here for my birthday in June 2016.  We were visiting from New York and walking in the evening, looking for a good restaurant and came upon The Court of Two Sisters.  Great choice, the food was delicious, and the warm french bread was outstanding.   The courtyard is beautiful and the waiters were outstanding.   We will be back next month for Mardi Gras!I celebrated my birthday at the jazz brunch and received a special birthday salute from the stellar band.  Sipping mimosas in the courtyard atmosphere with the stone path, shady tents and acoustic jazz three-piece was very, very relaxing.  The food was absolutely exquisite.  Favorites included the duck a' l Orange, crawfish Louise and catfish remoulade.  Save room for dessert: bread pudding, bananas foster, pecan pie and more.  Couldn't imagine a more perfect, romantic setting!The jazz brunch was wonderful and the atmosphere adds to your experience. Our only concern was using the voucher which we had bought online. The server did not know how to redeem it and what it included, even when we had a printout of inclusions. She argued with us about what was included and not included. Overall, everything was great with the exception of the training needed for the staff on redeeming a voucher.We made a jazz brunch reservation and was worried when passing the unassuming entrance from Bourban street. We were shocked when turning the corner into the courtyard. This place is beautiful and the servers are great. The buffet was plenty full and good.ambiance and service make up for food.  however decent for an all you can eat buffet.  but still pretty pricey.Suoer great atmosphere in the courtyard.  Food and Deserts were fantastic.  Ivan was a spectacular serverThis was some of the best food I had in NOLA. Make a reservation! We had the brunch buffet ($32/per person) which offers an omelet bar made to order, salads, desserts, and a variety of Cajun/Creole food.  The omelets were delicious but my favorite foods were the red beans & rice, grits, turtle soup, gumbo, hashbrowns, and banana bread. I can't wait to go back here next visit! New favorite!Let me start by saying I am not a fan of buffets. I have very bad memories of a Duffs Smorgasbord from childhood starting with the food and ending with the clientele. Sorry, but it was gross. 
We were looking for a place in the quarter, and my lovely sister in law suggested Two Sisters, I knew of it and had wanted to go, never could remember it until after we had already eaten somewhere else until today. I did not realize it was a buffet. Imagine my hesitation. All was well when we looked down the hall, heard the excellent jazz Dixieland trio through the doorway into the courtyard, and everything was great from there. Mimosa?, asked Gary, our server. Why yes, we replied. He said, for only $6 more you can have the bottle. What a great idea, said we. It was. 
The buffet was varied, fresh, and excellent. The omelets were fabulous, eggs Benedict was, well eggs Benedict. The pancakes were described as 'the best I have ever had'. I didn't try them. They were thick and fluffy. Pecan pie fabulous, homemade whipped cream, divine. The cafe au lait was the best I have had. Sorry, Cafe du Monde. Really glad we came hungry. And thirsty.Our first visit to Court of Two Sisters and it was lovely. We sat outside and enjoyed the music, and food and atmosphere. Our waitstaff was very attentive and friendly as well. Can't believe in all our visits to NOLA that we haven't stopped here for the brunch. It's a must for us the next time too.We only stopped in for a quick cocktail during our day of roaming the Quarter. What a treat to find Jon waiting for us at the bar!  Interesting and engaging conversation and a good stiff bourbon poured by a generous hand. 
I'd be happy to give it 5 stars if only the seating hostess hadnt acted as if we were the poor relations showing up to dinner uninvited. Bless her heart.A recommendation by a friend brought me to this place for brunch. Walking across the beautiful courtyard into the cozy lobby, we were seated right away, walking past the buffet on our way to our table. The light Jazz was nice, but went on a 30 minute break as we sat down, so didn't get to hear too much. I tried some of the breakfast food and Cajun food that was in the "hot" section of the buffet. However, hot it was not. At all. More like room temp, no flavor. The salmon was much to fishy (even for salmon), the jambalaya was cold, eggs were VERY runny. The only yummy thing I had there was their cornbread stuffing. Amazing. Their only redeeming food item. Oh, and the salad. But how could I go wrong when one makes their own salad? Oh well. The staff was pleasant, although it would have been nice for him to make a few suggestions, house specialties. Wanna pay close to thirty bucks for a less than mediocre brunch? Go here.This is a fun experience for lunch, but be prepared to pay $30.00.  The food selection is wonderful and a taste of New Orleans.  Hot and cold food selection along with dessert.  Don't sit outside.  Its too crowded and you sit in chairs that rock because of the cobblestone.  The service is fair, but its still worth the trip.  I will return again when in New Orleans.I've been to NOLA 3 times with different people, and we always end up here for brunch.  The buffet is just OK.  They make their mimosas with some type of undrinkable champagne - I tried this only once and had to push it away.  Service was adequate and friendly, though, and the courtyard is lovely.  I would hafta say that I think this place is basically for tourists (which usually translates as mediocre).The only place in Nola I won't be going back to again.....
Nothing about this place was good. We had a reservation for 20 people for a 60th birthday celebration during their Friday Jazz brunch. When we arrived they would not seat us until everyone arrived even though it was a buffet set up. Fine. Once they tried to seat us they have two sections set up for our party meaning the seating was not together. We look to the right and there is another setting for 20 ready with the sections together. The server says we cannot sit there at it is reserved for another party (same amount of people who hadn't showed up yet). Really?! so we have the same number of people and our party is here and theirs isn't but we can't take their section??? That didn't go over well with our elderly party because they aren't that mobile and this seating area was was elevated in their back area. They asked that we go back to the front ( walk past all other diners, past the food, and back to the front) and wait for them to push our tables together. That was a definite no for those with walking sticks and limps which should have been obvious to the server. Thankfully one of them notice and went to ask the hostess if it was okay for us to move. FINALLY it was. That was a mess in itself.
Other than that the food was below par for $30 p/p and only included water, tea, or coffee in that price. So if you wanted a cola you needed to fork up 3-4 more dollars...only thing I would recommend is the ribs and the shrimp. 
The end. :(I took my three grown daughters to this brunch and we were all very disappointed. We are foodies and expected, for the bucks, to experience a quality brunch. The food was average, the presentation was sloppy, the attention to detail was poor and the place was overcrowded to the point it had a Greyhound bus terminal feel. Our waiter never once made any kind of eye contact or gave us any sense he cared at all.
Given the hype and the place's supposed reputation for quality we were very disappointed. We all strongly suspect this was not an off day--that it was their norm--and indicative of a place coasting on a reputation no longer deserved. None of us would recommend this brunch. Save your money and eat at GW Finn's.Amazing food, outstanding service with classy staff. Chico Hamilton and some Dr. John in the background. Be smart and eat here for dinner or the legendary brunch. You won't be disappointed, unless you complain about everything.Phenom Nawlings Brunch! Sit outside and enjoy the live classy Jazz in the background while you sip chicory coffee and enjoy the "sea slaw" with amaze_balls corn bread and omg the gumbo. It was definitely quiet an UNEXPECTED pleasant experience (I checked them out because of an ad I saw in the where magazine and usually those tend to be thumbs mediocre)All I can say is YUMMINESS while looking for a minute to break off of Bourbon Street!!!  I didn't myself get to attend the Jazz Brunch, but several friends did, and they said it was awesome.i wouldn't probably go here if i was a New Orleanian but for a tourist, the Court of Two Sisters kind of delivers on the decrepit gothic feeling of Old New Orleans with tons of history and a high degree of loyalty to the local favorites like Crawdaddies and Jumbalaya. The Sunday Buffet is famous but it's a cattle call to the trough. The food comes out delicious but the presentation is near disastrous in the steam tables.The restaurant is older and has charm galore.  It's gorgeous sitting outside; be prepared to wait and enjoy the slower pace :) The food is good.  The shrimp and grits, their "Signature Dish," is lackluster, as it's the barbecue shrimp appetizer with some grits added.It is easy to be lead in from the street. Very intriguing old school New Orleans ( pronounced : New Or-Lins or New Or-lee-ans - it does not rumor with green beans!)
There is a dark mysterious-ness as you walk thru the covered alley entrance festooned with swash buckling stuff. Ounce inside you are greeted by a dingy creepy cluttered stairway leading to a couple of dining rooms that were pretty cool 100 years ago but now need a good scrubbing. You do not want to sit up there if you are there for the $50. per person breakfast buffet on the first floor. 
Go there for a cocktail if you must.This place was *horrible*. Sunday Jazz Brunch - outdated decor, bad service (one job: keep our coffee full. Failure. Had to flag him down for the only refill we got, and there were grounds in my cup), huge line for the buffet, gross food (maybe half an egg in my omelet?), minimal jazz, and we weren't even able to be seated in the courtyard. $70 for 2 without alcoholic beverages is an absolute ripoff - it was worth *maybe* $5. Don't waste your time or money. I left hungry and pissed.I don't think you can top the Jazz Brunch to kick off a New Orleans day!  The ambiance sets this courtyard dining experience apart. The food and service were great. The buffet selection has something for everyone. Well played, you rascally Two Sisters!!Took my brother and mother here for Brunch after being told that he was excellent place to go by friend.   The service was 5 stars everyone was nice polite and enviroment was great , outdoor seating in courtyard or inside the main room and setting was very nice.  Food was very good had overall great experience.Brunch food was great, but I'm only giving two stars since my purse apparently walked away from my chair and ended up in "a cabinet in the back" this morning. Didn't end up at the front or at lost in found. 
It also took awhile to get drinks even though we were one of two tables seated in the room. By the time I got back from the buffet we still had no water or coffee. We were almost finished with our plate by the time our mimosas came. Pretty disappointed in the service.Absolutely loved this place. The brunch was awesome, ambience was perfect and, well, how can you improve on the location?  The spread wis nearly epic and the quality of the food was good as well. The waiting staff was professional and friendly.Not worth the price, two wrong orders. We had three people order coca colas and were never given they're drinks and when asked the waiter said they don't serve regular coke only diet and proceeding to walk away not letting us know when we ordered that that wasn't an option or even giving us alternatives. Fortunately the only person to order diet received a regular from the server so who knows. if you come in with a big group your lucky if half get service. The food was over spiced but the main issue is being the service, at the high cost and atmosphere that this place is trying to portray the service does not come anywhere close. Save your money and go somewhere else.We came here for brunch on Saturday at around 10am. We made reservations, but we didn't really need it. There was plenty of seating inside and out. There are two jazz trios, one for the outdoor courtyard and one for inside. The outdoor seating is quaint.  The cobblestone on the ground is a bit uneven with lots of water puddles. The vines above are really pretty, but its a bit annoying to continuously pluck fallen leaves and debris out of your food and drinks. There are two "boats" of cold food, one for cheeses, salads, etc and one for desserts. There is one line of hot food. I just wasn't impressed with the food selection for this $30 brunch. They had grits, dry pancakes, bread pudding, creamed spinach, hash browns, eggs, ham, breakfast meats, biscuits. They finally set up the carving station after 11am. I would much rather head to a brunch where I can order one, good quality entree. This place is more about quantity than quality.Came here on my Cocktail tour.  Had some sort of a fruity drink which was meh.  Looked like a fun bar and restaurant though.This is a no-brainer for an out of the ordinary brunch in NOLA.
Don't go somewhere average to eat pancakes or an omelette when you can go here instead. You can sit outside in their large and beautiful courtyard, listen to amazing live jazz music and help yourself to a buffet of various authentic and delicious brunch options.
I ignored the standard brunch fare for items that are done right in New Orleans. The jambalaya, red beans and rice, grits and peal and eat shrimp were incredible. I could have probably eaten three platefuls if I hadn't wanted to spend my day in a carb induced coma. I've seriously never tried grits that were as rich and buttery in my life. 
Most of the seating is outside in the courtyard, and the ambiance is bright and cheery.  I came in for a friends bachelorette party and it was a great pick to celebrate the festive occasion. The jazz band even came over and sang a special song for our guest of honor!
We also had great service, and our waiter Bryan was super friendly and helpful. He was there with a champagne refill every time our bellini glass was low- doesn't get much better than that. 
Going on vacation is all about trying places that you can't find at home. Court of Two Sisters is definitely where you want to go to do that in NOLA.Had the tenderloin and like the name says it was very tender could cut it with a fork. Shrimp and grits was very good too. Whatever you do do not order a bloody Mary as that had to be the worst bloody Mary ever had it tasted like SpaghettiOs without the noodles! Even the other drinks I ordered which is not made well. Still nice place good foodIf you are in New Orleans, this should be your first choice for brunch. The selection is incredible, omelets made to order, pancakes, shrimp, fruits and a variety of salads. There was a wide array of meats, including a stew. Phenomenal. I loved the outdoor seating and typically I would prefer indoor dining. The live jazz was a great touch. Great mimosas and bellinis! Service was excellent as well, the staff was courteous and accommodating.I am not a food critic but here's what you really need to know, people come to The Court of Two Sisters for the ambience and good food. The restaurant is beautiful, the food is very good and the wait staff tries very hard. As for those critics below that beat up the Court's brunch buffet, all I have to say is "who critiques a freaking buffet".  Give me a break.Wonderful dinner.  Both the catfish and the chicken were great.  The expresso and desserts are outstanding.  Lee really made the service experience memorable.The service was horrible. The food looked and tasted like it was microwaved and a cockroach was beside our table. When we told the manager he was rude and said "it is just that time of year for cockroaches to be out". Gross.Great place for brunch. Ask to sit in the outdoor patio for a little jazz and great ambiance. The buffet brunch is $35pp and the drinks are reasonably priced and delicious. Don't miss the omelet bar where you can add your own ingredients including shrimp and crab. Staff is super friendly and attentive as well.Great like all the other reviews I will only add that the staff is very involved in up selling menu items.This place is absolutely beautiful inside and out.  The service was fantastic.    The food was pretty good.  Not sure it was the best I had on my trip, but very traditional.  I had the crawfish napoleon.   Also had the crab cake for an appetizer.    Nice fresh bread served.The Trout Almandine was to die for, the Cesar salad and Creme Brûlée were excellent. Pricey but worth it. The ambience in the court is beautiful and the service superb.We have always wanted to eat here on one of our visits to NO, so finally, we did the brunch buffet.  The food, atmosphere, live jazzy music and service were unmatched! This epitomizes the French Quarter and we will from now on tell people that your visit will be lacking if you do not include this in your dining experience!Atmosphere is ok... I'm just not a fan of eating outside. Too hot... Too many flies. Food was ok... Hot bar/Cold bar and I didn't go back for seconds. Service was really slow and there were only five or so tables filled on a Monday morning. Only thing that's making it a four instead of a three was the three piece ensemble. They were really entertaining.Went to the jazz brunch. Food was ok and not the expanse of selections I would expect for $30 per person. Would have had a higher rating if there were more selections. I enjoyed the gumbo and candied sweet potatoes. Hubs enjoyed several plates of roast beef and garlic mashed potatoes.  Great horseradish. Bananas foster tasted like they used green bananas. Jazz trio was enjoyable.  Excellent service team. Very friendly and efficient. Would have had a lower rating if it weren't for the musicians and service team.  Interesting architecture with the narrow entrance from the street opening up to a beautiful courtyard with fountain.This was the first place I ate during my stay in New Orleans. I had a tiny bit of pretty much everything on the buffet.  The standouts for me were the smothered chicken, the jambalaya, and this corn salad that had a ton of garlic in it (a very good thing in my book). I made sure to save room for dessert, which was wise because everything was delicious. I ended up sort of combining the bread pudding and the bananas foster into what I can only call an Amalgamation of Awesome.
I requested courtyard seating when I made my reservation, which I'd highly recommend if the weather cooperates. I was seated under a canopy of wisteria, which provided an almost fairytale-like setting along with the jazz band playing.
I'm only giving it four stars because it is a little pricey considering it's essentially a high-class buffet, but of all the things you could drop money on as a tourist, this is a pretty good option.I wouldn't recommend this place. We went for the jazz brunch and could barley hear the music and they didn't even play the whole time. I even made a reservation over a month In advance and requested to be seated near the jazz band. Was placed at the farthest table away. Food was average - nothing to write home about. Staff was great but I will not be back.This is NOT your typical buffet. This is top notch food, just served buffet style....the way it should be. It's not cheap, but well worth the price, and them some.  Super friendly staff and all the food was top notch. Highly recommend.First off, I would've given this Jazz Brunch a five star rating, had my Ray Ban sunglasses not been stolen from under my nose. I suppose I should have never left my sunglasses on the table, but this is an inner courtyard setting that seemed upscale with the wisteria and banyan trees shading us. I guess I blame myself for letting my guard down. But the fact is my expensive sunglasses were stolen at this restaurant, either while I was getting another plate of food or while I was distracted. I checked with the receptionist, asked my waiter and busboy and no lost sunglasses turned up. My wife's sunglasses were left at the table the whole time and were not stolen.
Okay, enough with the bad experience.
Now to the great things about this place:
1. The JAZZ MUSIC! Amazing. We had a trio consisting of clarinet, banjo and upright bass. With this elegant french quarter courtyard setting, and the great New Orleans style Jazz, it's like we were transported to the past of New Orleans.
2. The big Wisteria and Banyan trees that shaded us, along with the elegant place settings on white tables and black iron chairs. We loved the courtyard.
3. On a Tuesday morning Jazz Brunch, there was no waiting in long lines and we were able to choose from a wide selection of cold and hot entrees, salads, fruits, jambalaya, grits, Southern Style scrambled eggs, etc.
4. You can order specialty items from the cook. My wife ordered her own customized omlette.
5. The staff was polite, well dressed and did a fantastic job.
6. The Turtle Soup au Sherry was one of the big highlights. Awesome. My son had 3 bowls.
7. The Crawfish Pasta (although a cold version) was also amazing.
8. I really enjoyed the Creole Jambalaya, Corn Grits and a Spinach entree that was to die for.
Would I come back here?
My wife says "No", and even though I had a bad experience, I think I would go back here. It's on the pricey side for a brunch. Although, there are so many dining establishments in New Orleans, it would be worth exploring more restaurants.
But I did like this Jazz Brunch very much, overall.Very, very tasty - a step up from your usual buffet, even if it was a bit crowded.
The reviews of this place are a bit mixed, but if you go to the Jazz Brunch Buffet I highly doubt you will be disappointed. It has a broad selection of all of your favorite southern food, including gumbo, turtle soup, various seafood, etc. It was all well prepared and very tasty.
The dress code is a little dressy but nothing too formal (we were here during Mardi Gras, hand grenades and beads in tow, and there was no problem). Guys wear a golf shirt.
This place is very popular, so you will have to get reservations ahead of time and it will most likely be very crowded. However, it's worth it for the variety of the food presented along with its corresponding tastiness.Okay, first of all the brunch cost $63.66 for the two of us and my overall rating of average is far too generous. I wouldn't call it Poor, but it certainly doesn't earn an average. On the bright side, the service was great and the live Jazz was really nice. On the not-so-bright-side, it was literally the distance of a block from the dining room to the buffet area. The buffet was divided up into 3 sections: Cold bar, Hot bar and Grill area. The Cold bar had lots of salads and most were really good with the exception of the sweet potato salad-that was gaggingly nasty. The Hot bar was equally large but had far less appetizing items. The prime rib was pretty to look at but tasted like it was on the verge of being spoiled. The other meats were questionable as to what they really were and their quality. Desserts were okay, not homemade, nothing special. New Orleans is famous for their coffee but Two Sisters coffee was a disappointment. It looked strong but in reality, was as weak as dishwater. There are much better, less expensive places to eat (like Waffle House) than Two Sisters and you're better off finding them than eating here.Sort of a mixed bag. Overall the food was good and the atmosphere was lovely. I enjoyed the live jazz very much. My waiter was very impersonal and not attentive. Then I found a hair in my water. They comped my beverage but that was it.Had dinner at The Court of Two Sisters on my first night in New Orleans in late-February.  The evening was warm and comfortable and (noisy) fans were on in the patio, which were eventually turned off, making for a quieter dining experience. Started with the prepared-tableside Caesar Salad, followed by Crawfish Napolean as the entree.  The food was excellent and our server attentive.great place food was awesome!!! they also do live music outside on the weekends. Drinks were pretty good as well. only issue i had was that the ac had the place freezing. would go back again.  I love Nola.I had the Crawfish Napoleon and it was to die for. The cream sauce and layered fried green tomatoes and crawfish were amazing. The service was excellent as well. Definitely a must to do when in New Orleans!!The quality of food here has declined in recent years, but I keep going back:). The ambience, the variety, the jazz, and fountain. Just kinda love the place.This is one of my father's favorite restaurants, and since New Orleans is practically his second home, we knew it had to be good.
My boyfriend and I decided to try The Court of Two Sisters on a Monday morning - we were due to leave New Orleans that afternoon, so we were looking for something that would leave us stuffed all day.
The actual restaurant has tons of charm - it's hidden away off of the street and has an amazing courtyard. Even though we were there on a Monday morning, there was a wait for tables in the courtyard, so we opted to sit inside seeing as we were starving. Our table was close to the buffet, so that was a plus.
The food was amazing and there were so many dishes to choose from! I can't pick a favorite as it was all so delicious! I did like the fact that they had king cake available - you can't go to New Orleans and not have king cake.
It was a bit pricey ($30 per adult), but it was well worth it. I'd highly recommend anyone visiting New Orleans to go to The Court of Two Sisters!A perfect start to my weekend in New Orleans. Really enjoyed the live jazz music while sampling all sorts of food off the buffet.Brunch was fantastic. However, we tried the sandwich shop today based on that experience and it was horrible. Such a contradiction. Red beans and rice was rice and sausage soup with just a trace of beans. Worst we've ever had. Also, cashier taking orders was rude.
4 stars for brunch and 2 for sandwich shop, so 3 overall. With this said, I would gladly do brunch again, but never visit the sandwich shop again.We were pretty disappointed in the jazz brunch.  Granted, we came as they were wrapping up (around 2), but we maybe only heard 2 songs by the musicians.  Note that the only option is to participate in a rather pricey buffet - and by the time we got there, many of the items were a bit stale/cold.  We did it to say we did it, but likely won't return.Brunch, Brunch, Brunch, Brunch e'verbody! 
A group of us went and sat outside in the courtyard next to the fountain, it was quite lovely, with lots of trees and shade. The fountain spit at us a bit, but we figured it out. The restaurant is huge and there's plenty of room to sit and eat. In fact, they had a couple banquets going on while we were there. 
Onto the holy smorgasbord of food!  They got just about anything you can imagine at this place.  Food ranges from:  make your own omelets/Benedicts, to a whole salad bar with tons of chicken salad/tuna salad/crayfish salad, Turtle soup, peel and eat shrimp, lamb, ham, and homemade corn bread just to name a few.  I also want to give a shout out to the happy guy behind the omelet station who was smiling and dancing and made me a fancy seafood hollandaise bennie, I don't know his name but he was GREAT! He hooked me up right, as he said he would. 
We also ordered a bottle of champagne, b/c OJ comes free with brunch and we are smart like that!  
Brunch is fast and filling, definitely would rec'd as the selection is vast. See pix.This place has history. I last dined here in 2002 before I started cooking Cajun food. Now I see and now taste the flavors and history.
I had the gumbo. Very traditional in flavor, taste, and presentation. The food was warm but not hot enough to my liking but still very delicious.
I also ordered the red beans and rice. This was the best I have ever had. So much flavor and deep color I thought I was in heaven or that mom had made it if she knew how. The bowl comes with a sausage too. My God good to the last drop 
I will be back again. Count on it.I scoured over the reviews before I decided to take my mother and boyfriend here for brunch on a Monday morning. Pretty amazing that they have a seven day a week brunch right? Originally from New Orleans, I'm definitely familiar with the grits and grillades, bread pudding, and the turtle soup. It was great! I loved our waitress, our spot in the fairytale like garden, and the food was delicious. 
I know that everyone has their own taste, and will take away what they want from the experience. I just had to report that I was sufficiently satisfied with our brunch at Court of the Two Sisters and absolutely recommend it. (For readers looking for a true review, remember that the majority of those who review are those who had a negative experience. I am not one of those.)Fun, Saturday morning brunch buffet, with a jazz trio playing in the courtyard. Suggest you have early reservations. We arrived a 9 AM opening and, with reservations, were promptly seated. By 9:30 the place was popping, with wait time for those without reservations.  (We were told late Saturday morning would be even busier as Friday night revelers begin to stir.) A buffet line on steroids, including complete breakfast items, meats (sausage, bacon, ribs, ham, shrimp), breads, fruit, vegetables, complete salad bar, desserts, fresh juice, and made-to-order omelets. Nice, open-air courtyard, plenty of wait staff to fill your drinks and take away your finished plate so you can start a new one. Be warned, however: there is a 25 plate limit on return trips to the buffet line!  :-)A must do when in the French Quarter of New Orleans.  You will not be disappointed. Well portioned meals and a very nice atmosphere.I was very disappointed with this place.  We had 1:30 reservations and got there around 1. We checked in with the hostess and she told us to wait at the bar. She was rude and eating the entire time we were waiting for a table. After waiting for 20 mins I went to check in with the hostess in the back and was seated immediately. The outdoor garden was beautiful. It was nice out and we loved the music. There was a good food selection but nothing was amazing. You would be better off spending $30 at any of the other amazing places near by. The garden was nice but wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Money would be well spent somewhere else and with much nicer staff.Clessie Jackson and Chris Tunson was Great! I highly recommend this to anyone that is visiting Nawlins. I am stuffed but I still wanted to eat/ sample everything. I will be backWe had our wedding brunch here and from the office ladies accommodating our event to the waitstaff serving our meal, everyone was fantastic. The food was delicious with a full buffet of dishes you'd been wanting to try but didn't want a whole plate of: crawfish etoufee, jambalaya, rib roast, and so so so much more. They had a full salad  and dessert bar as well. 
At $32(?) a person, they told us it included nonalcoholic drinks but they still charged me $2.50 for a Diet Coke but not my friend for her iced tea... I didn't mind since everything else was great.We came here for the brunch buffet and I absolutely loved it!! The service was wonderful and the food was fantastic. They had such a great assortment from biscuits to crawfish etouffee, to chicken, to beef. It was great! I purchased this from a discount site so I wasn't sure what to expect. We must have caught the jazz band on break because they did not perform very long. Other than that, it was great, and very beautiful outside!Food was phenomenal.  I have the 4 course fixed menu as did my wife.  I had the famous turtle soup that lived up to the raving reviews.  The seafood gumbo was ok but go with the turtle soup.  The house salad was good l, had ham chunks on it, but the Caesar salad was made table side.  Main course: I had the fired catfish.  It was very lightly fries and was full of flavor.  My wife had the beef tenderloin was ok.  Would recommend the seafood anyways.  As for dessert - Bananas Foster. Get that and you will never regret the decision.  It is made table side as well for the added bonus.This was my worst dining experience in New Orleans. The service was poor! Waited 45 minutes to get entrees that tasted terrible and were cold. The only positive was the courtyard area which is really quite pretty.The Jazz Brunch everyday is beyond compare. The ambiance is amazing, but the food is culinary porn @ it's finest. After a taste of everything I thought my heart desired, I felt like I had been drugged in the best way possible. Yup, literally a gracious girl in a foodie coma.  The staff is so top shelf, that I wondered if Emily Post was one of the 'Two Sisters'.  The entire experience from beginning to end, is like being invited to & taking part of a storybook wedding. My best Spa Day didn't please my senses better. You're cheating yourself if you don't do Jazz Brunch. It truly is,in a class, all of it's own.Good place for the Jazz brunch buffet on Sunday. If you concern more about ambience, I highly recommend here. But if you focus more on the food quality like me, I can just mark here as a three star restaurant. Cajun buffet with only shrimp and $30 per person?!Enjoyed Sunday Brunch on 2/23/14. Thank you Vaughn for serving Southern Hospitality done right. Vaughn should receive a generous bonus or raise. The food is excellent! Ham, bacon, grits, omelette bar, candied sweet potatoes with pecans, shrimp, salads galore, pies, cakes, brownies and the list goes on. Served on china and white linen covered tables. The decorum was superb. Our reservations were at 10:00am in main seating hall due to rain. The food excellent, The service amazing and the energy positive. The Jazz band played some awesome music. The table behind us celebrated a birthday which the Jazz band played two different versions of Happy Birthday which was amazing. Drinks are divine. Enjoyed a bottle of Champagne and Vaughn was a treasure. Thank you Court of Two Sisters and Vaughn for making our meal the best one in New Orleans! Vaughn can you still smell the grass when you played football? Jim misses that too.Vaughn was a very sweet and attentive waiter.  Beautiful setting, however the canopy tree was dropping leaves onto our table - but that's nature.  Bring your appetite.  They have so many dishes that at 12:00, they replace the breakfast selections with lunch items.Horrible slow service.  Very over priced food portions small.  Thirty dollar pork chop that comes with no sides.  Ordered cocktails that show up after your finished eating and they still charge you.  $110.00 for two entries two drinks no sides dishes .  I do not recommend this place..Dont miss this gem of a place!!! Hubby and I had an amazing meal, pork chop three inches thick and fish to die for. All reduction sauces are spot on, and the chef is whimsical with the mac and cheese. The wait or brought the chef out and he spoke to each diner. When I complimented him on the macaroni and cheese and shared that my son is an aspiring chef, he printed out his recipe and shared it with me to give to my son. Purchase the cookbook which  contains many restaurant recipes and a rich historical account if the restaurant which goes back to how the restaurant got its name.  The chef is BRILLIANT in the kitchen and we will be going back tomorrow for the buffet brunch. The patio is adorable and I'm looking fwd to coffee and dessert there on a rain free dayI came here for dinner with my parents Monday night. It was easy to tell that this place is used to catering the brunch crowd more so than the dinner crowd because the woman at the front was incredibly dismissive to us. She was talking on the phone before taking our reservation, and she dealt with us in a huff. We waited 45 minutes for a table (even though there were plenty of empty ones), and the woman had no sign of sympathy for us when we asked her when our table would be ready. 
Once we finally got a table, I took a good look around and realized that they were probably short-staffed. Although our waiter was kind and respectful, he came to the table at inconsistent intervals. It took forever to finally get our order in, and it took even longer to pay for the bill once we finished our dinner. 
The food was fine. We had the blackened alligator appetizer, and I had the gulf fish special. The cost outweighs the dinner portions immensely. Save your money and spend your time in line at Acme or Mr. B's Bistro for much better food and much better service.The setting was phenomenal as well as the food.
We made reservations for breakfast in the courtyard and it was stunning sitting under the tree canopy listening to jazz.
They served buffet style and I was not disappointed, so much to choose from.
The service was great, my waitor was so kind and the staff was kn top of everything.Did someone just say crawfish pasta and cornbread! Incredible buffet. Well worth the $!My husband and I loved the jazz brunch! Definitely worth the experience even though it's a little pricey. Come hungry because there is so much to choose from. We loved the seafood omelet and the homemade vanilla ice cream with bananas foster. (Weird combination, but we had to try it). Our waiter, Bryan, was fabulous and very knowledgeable. The chef who made the omelets was having a great time singing and talking to guests- so funny! Overall, we would go back next time we're in town.Ok if I could give them no stars I would....worst service EVER, had to ask 3 times for a coffee refill, over an hour for the food, no knife for the veal only a butter knife, brought out the banana Foster sat it down waited 20 minutes before they made it, complained to management with no response, and NO apology from server for bad service until we complained and pointed it out. WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN OR RECOMMEND! HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT!!I took a friend to this restaurant for a brunch on Saturday, July 15, 2016 for his birthday.
I am a local and have eaten at this restaurant many times over the years.  This restaurant has never been wonderful.  But, on this particular day, the food was awful and uneatable. The prime rib was overcooked and dried out.  The second one brought out for carving was even worse.  It was even more overcooked and very tough.   The other food on the buffet was terrible,  too salty, and no taste.  The presentation of the food was sloppy and not properly maintained. Droppings of  salads, seafood, desserts were all over the food area and no attention was given to keeping the area cleaned. 
Since, we could not eat the food, we spoke with the manager and was not charged for this awful experience.  I would not return or recommend this restaurant to anyone.
BTAtmosphere in courtyard was great in the evening. They knew we were celebrating our wedding anniversary and presented us with a few little souvenirs. The barbecue shrimp appetizer was wonderful. My husband loved his fried catfish. My trout almandine was good but a bit salty. Our waiter Patrick was very nice. Would recommend. We came out around $100 that included two drinks each. Dress code is nice casual. Highly recommend!This was my first meal in NO during a trip.  We made reservations per a friend's suggestions and didn't know it was a buffet.  POSITIVES: The courtyard was picturesque and the live jazz was refreshing.  The service was attentive.  The turtle soup was delicious and my dining partner enjoyed the fresh fruit.  THE HO HUM:  Everything else.  I tried little of everything, mostly the local dishes. The bread pudding and the bananas foster praised in some of the reviews did not excite. It wasn't too horrible for a buffet, but we are talking buffets (the lowest form of dining.)  I had the specialty omelet that wasn't very tasty at all. The King Cake I had at Mardi Gras World was much better.  NEGATIVES: You can do a lot better in terms of quality of food at this price point.  I can't say anything was horrible, but not worth the price of entry.Ambiance-wise, this place deserves 4-5 stars. We ate in the beautiful courtyard with a live jazz band playing in the background. 
Brunch was buffet style. There were things like fruit, bacon, and eggs. There were also foods that were more southern and/or New Orleans breakfast-y like grits, biscuits, crawfish pasta, ceviche, turtle soup, jambalaya, bananas foster, and lobster salad, etc. It was a good variety, and everything tasted fine. Nothing particularly outstanding about the food, but for a buffet, it was decent.We first came here about twenty years ago.  Tonight's visit was just as memorable.  Our server was delightful and knowledgeable.  We each ordered a salad, split the entree - a wonderful veal Oscar - and ordered dessert. The ambiance was charming with a hint of Christmas decor mixed with vintage New Orleans, and the restaurant was not overly crowded.I would say this is a nice place to go to impress a lady you really like guys.....however, it's pretty pricey.  The food good, but the martini's were EXCELLENT!!!This place is great!  Great ambiance, beautiful/lush courtyard, live music (Daily Jazz Brunch Buffet), and friendly staff.  It's a buffet style restaurant.  It's nice that way, so you can just get up and pick out what you want to eat.  Service can be better, though.  It took a while to get our waters and other beverages...and the check.  I believe we had to flag down a few servers.
It didn't really matter much since the food was too good.  I was enjoying myself way too much.  It was so hard to choose from everything...and I got full before trying other stuff.  If ever you're in town, you should try this place.
The entrance is simple, but elegant...I touched the Charm Gate for some luck entering and leaving the restaurant :)  As soon as you get to the dining area, it's just bright and lush with greenery.  I didn't want to leave!
The buffet has EVERYTHING from everyday breakfast food like eggs, cottage cheese, tuna salad, chicken salad, grits etc, to the New Orleans staple like shrimp etouffee (YES YES YESSS), chicken & andouille gumbo, cajun jambalaya and red beans.  There were other delicious choices, like BBQ ribs, garlic potatoes, orange chicken, different pastas, you name it.  Dessert was plentiful with apple cobbler, icecream, brownies and bread pudding.  I know I'm missing a bunch, but I can't even describe how great this place is.
It was too hot and humid to sit outside.  I'm sensitive to heat, so I opted to dine inside.  After brunch, the ladies and I took pictures in the courtyard.  It's just so pretty with a fountain.  Aside from the live band, the courtyard is the main reason why people come here.  
It was hard for me not to come back everyday I was here. But I had to try other places as well.  When I come back, I will surely revisit this place.  I recommend that anyone visiting come here for a great experience.  I gave this place 4 stars because of the delayed service, but the food makes up for it, for sure!Pretty bad. This place was majorly hyped for us: everyone said if you go to NOLA and do just one thing, it better be this. Honestly I wouldn't have minded missing out.
We came for the Jazz brunch on a weekday. Reservations weren't actually required. It's an outdoor brunch, which means birds and leaves and such (they smartly cover the drink glasses with napkins). The Jazz band played intermittently, maybe a song every 5 minutes. As I write this they are taking a long lunch break I guess?
The waiter touted their "over 80 food selections" which is definitely true, however several of those selections include things like watermelon and tuna salad. Some upscale selections include pate, salmon mousse, and duck l'orange (surprisingly good). 
Generally the food was low-end buffet quality; I don't know if the average tourist has access to such things, but where I come from buffets are everywhere, and they offer a similar selection of food at a fraction of the price. Plus, I'm used to a buffet changing the food out every so often; the dry pate, melted ice cream, and crusted over bread pudding indicated that they don't do that here. Eggs were available for separate order; I got eggs Benedict, and it was inedible. I have had better specimens that were made in bulk to be served in hot plates: here, the hollandaise was too sour and had a faint rancid flavor. 
Service was unimpressive as well: frequently silverware was cleared with the plates, and we had to gather some from the empty tables around us. 
Overall, this place charges upscale restaurant prices for low-quality buffet food, poor service, and jazz performance inferior to the street performers working just one block away. Obviously a tourist would still feel obligated to try this famous restaurant; the duck and turkey were safe bets, and general buffet strategy applies (dry and fried are safe, wet things will probably rot). Enjoy.Underwhelming! one of the most overpriced brunch buffets ever! The quality of the food was not good. I'm pretty sure I have had comperable food at Luby's.
It is baffling that this is one of new orleans oldest restaurants with the quality of food being so poor. The service and ambiance is great but without good food it doesn't mean anything. 
Furthermore, the lack of spice on everything was unacceptable. This is new orleans people! 
Avoid this place for brunch at all costs, unless your eighty.Jeremy and Natissa gave us the best service we have ever had in our lives. The food was wonderful, the service was amazing, and the atmosphere was fabulous as well. Recommend this place to anyone!!! Will be coming back here for sure on our next trip!Our server "Captain Vaughn" was sweet as could be, entertaining, and funny and endlessly helpful.
There were two large buffet stations as well as an omelet station. All were filled with copious amounts of well made food. For brunch, was everything from scrambled eggs, bacon, and andoulle sausage and excellent breakfast potatoes, to hard carved prime rib, ham, sweet potatoes, and on and on.
The other buffet line had curried chicken salad, seafood, pasta salads, regular salad.
Then there was a fruit, pie, dessert, and cookie station.
There was seriously tons of food, none of it earth-shatteringly original, but all cooked well, and tasty.
The great setting and old school service make it worth a visit. While it's touristy, it's popular  for a reason -- because it's GOOD -- unlike some other places (*cough Gumbo Shop cough*)  It's a don't-miss in Nawlins.Great meal and very good service for a 7 pm dinner.  A reservation is recommended.  If it is raining then the courtyard will be closed and everyone moved to a dining room.  They door seating is nothing special and the ambiance of the outdoor courtyard is completely lost.  Tile floors and all.  The cocktails are delicious and the appetizer portion of the menu has good variety.  I would definitely return, but when weather permits outdoor seating.The Court of Two Sisters was spectacular. My wife and I went on a Wednesday with reservations about 1000 for the Jazz brunch.  Although we had a reservation,  we walked right in with no wait. Friendly staff from beginning to end. Our waiter was Rob who showed hospitality from the word go. Not only Rob but the other staff as well.We will definitely be back.This place is just okay.  I went for brunch only once and thought the food was kind of bland and the place just looked boring.  I think this place would probably be great for some people who went out drinking all night and needed to fill their tummies with food.  
I am not a big fan of buffets.  Mostly because I don't eat that much.  I heard that their omelets are good but that is about all I would be able to eat and I don't plan to spend $30 for an omelet.  
The best thing I like about this place is the bar.  I have gone to the bar area many times and I always get great service and good drinks.
If you are deciding on a place for brunch, I would not recommend this place.  The food seemed boring and had a lack of flavor.  Some of the food was barely warm.
If you like mimosas, well they will serve it to you with a whole bottle and half of a carafe of orange juice.  Now that I like...maybe the food would taste a little better. 
Okay, maybe I gave this place a bad review, but with all the great restaurants in the French Quarter, I think they could do better.We did the breakfast brunch Dec 2016 and would say the ambiance was good, service good but food mediocre.  
There was a lot food to choose from on the buffet, but the crawfish pasta had very very little crawfish in it.  The rest of it was usual buffet fair.  I am not a big fan of buffets but everyone made such a big deal of this restaurant that we had to go.  Like all buffets food gets funky sitting in steam trays. Mushy or dried out with a weird swampy looking film on top.  But not COTS fault it is the nature of buffets.  (As well as sneeze guards never quiet do a very good job) 
Not impressed, bit over priced  and I think my credit card number was scammed here.  I cannot say for sure but there were some very odd things that happened here with my card and I had charges later that were not mine.  It was the only place in New Orleans we had card problems.
Jazz was great!If I were mayor of New Orleans, I would eat brunch here at least once a week. The buffet was delicious. The crawfish were spicy. The bread budding was sweet and went great with a cup of black coffee. The Court of Two Sisters is a sweet, subtle, classy without feeling too pretentious. The service here is phenomenal and the music adds the complements the experience. When they played Moon River, I felt as if I had died and gone to heaven. The entire affair was superb.The atmosphere is top notch - it's a beautiful courtyard. The Turtle soup was perfection, and the rest of the food was good. For this price point however, I expected better service. The waiter seemed well out of his element, and didn't know the wine list well enough to offer any help. One of our water glasses had lipstick on it, and the wine glasses were pretty cloudy. 2.5 hours was a bit more time than the meal should taken.We loved the bar attached to the restaurant. Our bartender Paul was amazing! Best customer service!Was really looking forward to having brunch here after reading good reviews. Food was mediocre. So not worth the $40 per person. Do not waste your time here. The courtyard is beautiful, however the service and food are a sham.After high touting and praise from a bunch of friends, I was pretty underwhelmed by this experience. 
First of all everyone, THIS IS A BUFFET. No one mentioned that to me when recommending. 
It's a very standard buffet with some additional New Orleans specific items. The food was decent for a buffet but again at the end of the day, it's a buffet so it's limited. The jambalaya was a standout for me. 
Our service was great and our waitress was lovely. We were sitting in the courtyard which was also lovely but couldn't hear the jazz music as the musicians were inside. 
It was a fine experience, but I just thought it was outrageously expensive for a buffet (I think $40+ per person).Wonderful way to start the day! Excellent mimosas & breakfast buffetAbout as good as it gets.  There is trendier.  There is fancier. 10 years from now you will remember being at Court of Two Sisters because it is French Quarter dining at its finest.This was one of the best breakfast experiences I've had. We did the Jazz brunch. The outdoor area is beautiful and peaceful. The staff were attentive and friendly. There was an over all relaxing atmosphere. Delicious food, great staff and stunning location.I don't  like giving bad reviews but after three seperate visits, I believe  its time. Great place if your with a large group not in a hurry and don't  care about service this is the place to go. The atmosphere  is great, service sucks and food is just average at best. second time the service was worse and food not better. Finally went to try jazz Brunch, three tables of people and the waiter decided to card my 31 fiancee  and said no matter what the id said and looked like he would not take itm We asked to talk to the manager and he said we could but he was final decision. I work in a bar I agree with carding but when a whole wallet is laid out with multiple forms of identification dont be rude and say You dont care what your manager or what your customer thinks. The service has lacked each time and  this just topped the cake. I can't say anything good other then its a nice place to sit outside but bring your own food and drinks the wait will be long otherwise.I have passed by this place for years not thinking much about it. Wife and I tried last night. It was wonderful food, good value and great service. We were able to eat outside and that made it even more enjoyable. We did the prefix dinner. Great amount of food for $46. I got the fried catfish, there are many ways this could go bad, but they nailed it.We have eaten here 2 or 3 times now and it's always a great time.  I would recommend going early cuz its cooler and sitting outside underneath the canopy of leaves is fantastic. Personally, I like to get some coffee and some water and make a day of it, we can spend easily 2 hours hanging out and eating and talking and listening to music in the courtyard. It's fantastic! Definitely in my top 10 when I'm doing the French Quarter.Food was incredible.  Employees were fantastic  and I LoVED the live jazz band.   Beautiful  placeI surprised my husband with a trip to NOLA for his 60th birthday.  I chose the Court of Two Sisters for our birthday dinner.  I am so happy I did.  Sit in the courtyard if you can.  The menu is perfect.  I like a simple menu because it means they have perfected what they serve.  Our server, Patrick, said his favorite was the crab cake and he was right.  My husband started with the alligator and it was awesome.  Our entree's were delivered to the table and promptly devoured.  The dessert is a must have if only for the show.  Bananas Foster made table side.  WOW.Terrible service and my husband and I both spent the last day of our vacation with food poisoning. Do not recommend.Brunch during Mardi Gras!!! I stuffed my face beyond measureInitially I was a bit concerned from the reviews about the service.  It seemed to be a hit or miss depending on your server.  Henry was the best waiter.  He totally made our evening by being so personable, knowledgeable, and entertaining.  
I had the shrimp and grits and it was amazing.  It was so full of plump shrimp with andouille sausage and so delicious.  It was such a full flavored dish even though it was shrimp.  I had it paired with a light red wine that went nicely, rather than having to do the seafood-white wine thing.
I would definitely recommend this place for the food and service, especially if you could get a table with our waiter.Highly Overrated, it was a bad experience from the beginning for everyone in our party of 7. First,
my brother and dad ordered a Mint Julep at the bar and my dad's response was, brutally honest: "Hey bartender this is the worst mint julep I have ever tasted, keep doing it like that and nobody will drink here...."
When we sat down, it was a square table with unfolded extensions, which all were crooked, and our silverware kept falling of the table. My mom's napkin fell to the floor, she asked for another one and it never arrived (we ended taking one from another empty table). 
When the first round of drinks at the table arrived, my dad asked for a second bottle of wine, it took forever. Later on,  my dad asked if ordering a third bottle of wine would take as long and the waitress's answer was that she didn't know how long it would take because she had other things to do. About the food, the alligator nuggets were salty as hell. My dad's drunken rabbit was awful and the appearance was not good or inviting. My shrimps and grits did not compare to the ones I ate the night before at CREOLE, next to The Marriott. 
My wife ordered a fillet medium and it arrived medium rare with all the mushrooms, sauce and mash potatoes cold. When she asked for reheat it, the waitress said, "they will make you a new dish" but the dish arrived after all of us already finished our food with the same piece of meat apparently microwaved (it shrunked a lot ...). She ate it, because she was hungry, and did not want to worsen the atmosphere. 
The busboy service was the only nice, good thing; he earned the extra tip ($10) my dad gave him. For a table of 7, ordering bottles of wine and prosseco, we expect better service. 
This is a Restaurant that I... we will never return.
We were all disappointed.Amazing brunch with live jazz. It was a great way to test some local faire. The service was excellent and friendly.Do not come here , very rude ... I bought a drink and was coming back to buy another one and was told , " restrooms are for customers only " I was a customer - don't go hereGot the strawberry daiquiri which was a bit too sweet for me. I love sweet drinks, but it seemed like this was all sugar, which made me crash later on.
Nice cup to keep, though!I really enjoyed the brunch and mimosas. I was there with family to celebrate a surprise engagement and graduation. We had a party of 40. The buffet was cool. I was looking for a bigger buffet because of the size of the restaurant but had a variety of choices. The only problem that I had was that they did not tell us that they do not do seperate checks but could do drinks on seperate checks! SMH!!! Also the bathrooms are tiny and if you don't look carefully you will miss it.HIGHLY overrated.  I have been waiting to have the famous brunch here for four months and unfortunately it didn't live up to the hype. I pretty much tried everything from the jambalaya to the Bananas Foster.  At the end of the day, it was just a buffet.We decided to have Sunday brunch here on our last day in NOLA. We made reservations well in advance and requested courtyard seating. We arrived and were seated promptly. The service was excellent and the atmosphere was beautiful. Our problem was the food and where/how it was presented. I felt like I was collecting my food from a cafeteria. The food area was very industrial looking, unlike the elegant decor and architecture. The food itself did not live up the their reputation. I just read another review and they described it as "Cajun Golden Corral" and I have to agree. Definitely not worth the $102. (buffet and one drink) per couple.The atmosphere is awesome. Great courtyard if the weather is nice. Food was pretty good, but hoped for more.It is a beautiful courtyard and the wisteria vine in amazing.  The brunch is delicious.  The bread pudding might be the best in New Orleans. The chicken salad and biscuits are delicious also.Was brought here by a friend for Saturday brunch while visiting NOLA.  We sat outdoors in the beautiful garden where we could hear the Jazz musicians playing.  Our server was cheerful and friendly.  
While we were there a few people with birthdays and one bride-to-be were treated to a custom song by the Jazz singer.
I was only in town for two days, and the brunch buffet was an excellent way to get a taste of New Orleans cuisine in one sitting.  My only complaint is that I will need to watch my diet and exercise for the next couple of months to make up for all the good food.What a let down...  WAY OVER PRICED for the quality of the brunch food. I would not go again...
We made Jazz Brunch reservations for 2pm. Not only was the food obviously picked over, but it made me wonder how long it had been sitting there. Not much looked appetizing. Most of the food items were floating in a tray of oil under warming lights. Blah. 
For what they claim (80 different items) they must be counting the salad dressings. Hah.  That was a joke!
The only thing I completely ate on my plate was the coconut white cake - that was pretty good.
Unfortunately it had been raining so we were unable to sit out on the patio. I believe the experience - not the food  - would have been more enjoyable had we been able to enjoy the outside patio.
They started breaking down the buffet while there were still people eating and putting the left overs in bins (for the next day probably..)Like so many other reviewers, I also booked the jazz brunch for a special occasion (friend's birthday), and was disappointed.  The check, with tip, came to just under $92.00 for two people, which did include mimosas.  For a lower price, we could have ordered two entrees and a dessert at a more traditional sit-down brunch at a restaurant that focuses on quality of food over quantity.
The buffet is on a par with something you would find at a regional dinner theater, and there are few vegetarian options.  I requested a vegetarian modification to eggs Benedict at the custom order omelet station and was refused.
The outside courtyard is beautiful, and the wait staff is great.  Our waiter masterfully handled a loud family argument at the table next to us without appearing rude or judgmental, and all parties involved eventually calmed down.
If the weather permits, definitely sit outside, as it is the best part of the experience.  The interior of the restaurant is nothing special.  The courtyard is beautiful and classic French Quarter.
This place is more about the ambiance and the history, not the food.  I can't speak to the quality of the off-the-menu items, but the brunch buffet is not worth the price paid.The brunch buffet was great! It pleases people of all tastebuds. Service for drinks was a bit slow. The live music was fantasticHad an amazing weekday lunch buffet. Each dish was fantastic and the service was top tier. We sat in the patio and loved the ambiance. True New Orleans, or what visitors come to expect at least. This will be my first stop here from now on, just to set the tone of my trip.Such a disappointment! Mark A's previous review of it being a "hot mess" is an understatement. As someone who lives in New Orleans, I am always trying different places and lately have had a constant flow of people from out of town who I am always wanting to take to the best restaurants. I had guests who were told they had to go to Court of Two Sisters. My husband and I of course obliged and were excited about a new place we had not tried..... 
1. Upon being seated, we decided on a bottle of wine. Our server took over 15 minutes trying to open the bottle. My guest from out of town ended up opening it for her. I have had a bottle of wine opened for me at the Olive Garden, no problem. 
2. My guest ordered a caesar salad that was made table side? This was really awkward as the server was talking the whole time about the ingredients of a caesar salad. I don't think of a salad as a high caliber dish to be prepared table side. She struggled making the salad and even squeezed half the lemon on my husband. 
3. The ultimate in restaurant fails happened when only my husband received his main dish and it took another 20 minutes for the rest of us to get our meals. On top of that, the server got one of my guests' orders wrong and it had to be sent back to the kitchen. It was a major bummer that we could not enjoy our meals together. We only had a party of four people and they were not able to get our meals out? That is not right! 
4. At one point while we sat with only my husband eating his meal because we did not want it to get cold, what seemed to be a manager approached our table. He did not introduce himself but only said "i'm confused, are you missing dishes?" we explained what we ordered and he said "Thats what I thought" and walked away. He did not apologize and did not say our dishes would be out soon. VERY STRANGE! On top of that he walked up to our server in the main dining area right next to our table and started confronting her about where our meals were, while she was struggling opening a wine bottle at another table. NO manager in the restaurant industry should ever do that! 
In conclusion, the food was good once we received it, but just expect awful service. I will NEVER bring any of my out of town guests here in fear that the service will be awful and but a damper on the awesome city of New Orleans.I have had better service at a restaurant down the street where the Air Conditioning was BROKEN! Court of Two Sisters I wanted to love you, I did, but it's just not going to happen. :(Amazing bread pudding with bourbon sauce. Chef de cuisine Denmon Bateman is the man. After being closed for an hour, he managed to personally go above and beyond for us. By far best service we've received all week. Will definitely be back. A million thanks!The food was excellent. I would definitely go again. I highly recommend the pasta. However, the servers were inexperienced and very young. They didn't have the etiquette that was required of the restaurant. Also, the court yard is beautiful but drew bugs and birds (LOL) into the restaurant. All in all, try it out!We stopped in the bar at Court of Two Sisters this past weekend while visiting NOLA and it was one of the best parts of our trip. We met the bartender Jon, and he was awesome. Besides his cocktail making talents he has a good knowledge of NOLA, a quick wit, and was keeping all of the bar patrons entertained. He was truly holding court, and as a result we made new friends with people from Trinidad and Tobago, Puerto Rico, and Florida. Had time permitted we would have gone back everyday to hang at the bar with Jon. Besides the Sazerac, some in our party also tried the Pimm's Cup, and it was delicious as well. We're already planning out next trip down, and this bar will be on our itinerary.This is a popular buffet restaurant in French quarter. I was largely underwhelmed and think you can find better and cheaper places to eat. I recently went for brunch and the buffet included an omelette station, carving station, soup, biscuits, shrimp and grits, hash browns, salads, and then a few protein salads like tuna and chicken curry. Also had shrimp on ice. None of the food was spectacular and there were few options for people who don't eat red meat. Also, a number of shrimp had not been deveined properly. 
Drinks were also a bit expensive for the quality and location since New Orleans drinks are so cheap. They were $12 and up. Best bet is to buy a bottle of wine or champagne which the cheapest started at $30. Also service was slow and music was not great which is disappointing in a city where any street performer was better than the band they had. 
Make a reservation when you go. We did and we still had to wait. Can't imagine not having a reservation.So many people recommended me to go here so me and my mom went for the famous brunch. Alot of different items, very creaole but mmmmm not tasty, greasy, some too cold or luke warm, well I know it's a buffet but damn we just paid $35 person!
Food, not good, and I feel bad for saying that because NOLA is supposed to be THE place to go for food.... maybe if you are from Mid West and ate potatoes and steaks everyday this is something new, no offence???
1 star for the cute and shy, most likely not too open but mos def queen server, 1 star for the beautiful setting and the couryard and 1 star for the charming jazz musicians that looked totally not wanting to be there...
If you didn't make it here in your trip, you are okay, you are not missing much.The food was good and the selection was great. The staff and buffet were not clean. I can't say for certain that it was that location but I was ill after the brunch, almost immediately.The food was great and so was the service.. the only downfall was I paid in advance for food and mimosas through my travel agent. I had the vouchers on me. Tried telling the hostess, because I wanted to verify and was completely ignored. Tried telling the waitress and pulled them out to again be shut down, then told that we only got coffee and tea. So I put them away and service otherwise was great! Check comes, I give her the vouchers, because we had to pay for drinks only 2 people got them. Turns out, it was included! They were like oops. I was really irritated as were the others in my group. I'd go back, but if I do vouchers again I will make sure to ask for a manager if I get brushed off.Came in for the Sunday Brunch....and a Bloody Mary. Both were good. The buffet was large, with a wide variety of food. I had eggs, very cheesy hash browns, sausage, bacon, braised lamb, jambalaya, turtle soup and finished off with combo of bananas foster/bread pudding. Needless to say, I needed the after brunch walk. Worth a stop in for breakfast. The service was excellent.If I could give less than one star I would. Waited for over 2 hours for an overpriced salad and shitty fried catfish. Portion sizes were minuscule and overpriced. If your looking for a great place to eat don't go here. Tourist trap!I'm princess beautiful services is friendly, but the food was limited. I was there for brunch and they didn't have much to choose from except the basic menu.Came for the Cajun breakfast buffet and was not disappointed. Table favorite was the biscuits and the hashbrown casserole. 
There was also an eggs Benedict station and omelette station where you have a personally crafted omelette or can have eggs benedict made.
Seating was great, although we were freezing since its February and had chosen very light clothing. Live music had just started when we left, and it was great to listen to while eating. 
Nothing blew me out of the water, hence the four stars, but it was a great place to hit up in NOLA."Meh. I've experienced better." just about sums it up.  I wasn't exactly happy with the food nor was  I happy with the less than peppy cashier.  I got a meat ball poboy that was bland/flavorless/boring and the bread was super soggy.  I even asked the cashier what type of cheese she would recommend and she just started naming all the different cheeses they had.  If I go back to the French Quarter I will be avoiding this place.Awesome food! Im not a buffett fan but they had a really great selection. For $30, you get a lot for your money! The waitress was very polite. Bloody Marys are a must!!! True French Quarter experience.Had the jazz brunch buffet. Lots of great entree and desert options. Cream spinach, garlic mashed potatoes, crawfish étouffée, and chicken & andouille sausage gumbo were particularly good. Bread pudding for desert is where it's at.
$30 a person for a buffet felt a little pricy but the environment was fun. Do outdoor seating weather permitting, it will make all the difference.I was so looking forward to eat at this restaurant but once I was in I was not impressed. We went to the Jazz brunch but band only three songs. The food was good and there was an big selection. I did not like waiting on line for an omelette, then to get on line for the buffet. The flow and set up could use some improvement. Our waiter was very nice and attentive.Incredible atmosphere - when you dine outside under the lights it's like you're in a movie. Top-notch service (you'll never be out of water) and delicious food (their Crawfish Napoleon is the best dish I've ever had in New Orleans).
Would highly recommend to anyone and looking forward to going back.Great View, Great Cuisine Experience  
Saturday Oct. 17, 2015 was my anniversary and plans were made to celebrate it at this landmark. Have only heard good things about it, but have never been there before. We were very happy about being able to be seated in the courtyard, which seating is shadowed by vine-like tree canopies, typical of the French Quarter housing scenery. We went for the brunch menu, which runs from 11 am to 3 pm. The foods were delicious in the buffet style setting. I loved the eggs benedict, crawfish stuffed catfish in cream sauce, turtle soup, boiled gulf shrimp with remoulade sauce and the prime rib roast --end cuts were my favorite. There's no way to try everything as the salad bar is also extensive. Banana's Forster was very tasty along with the pecan pie. Another mentionable--though I cook these very good myself being from New Orleans-- was the red beans and rice. I highly recommend this place--bucket list must.Awesome jazz brunch. Excellent service, wonderful food!!! Also a beautiful atmosphere. I highly recommend it. Mimosas were top notch too. So happy we wentWhere to even begin? If I could give this less than one star I certainly would.
We had reservations at 7:30 and were quickly seated as it wasn't very busy and served water. After waiting 15 minutes, our waiter, Terrence, walked over to say he would be with us in a minute. After waiting another 10 minutes we gave him our drink and food order (which he had quite the difficult time understanding that we wanted a salad and appetizer). We also told him we didn't want egg in either of our salads. After waiting another 10 minutes (for a total of over 30 minutes) for my iced tea we finally asked another server for it as our waiter Terrence disappeared quite often.
We got our salads in a reasonable amount of time but they both had egg on it. After telling him he said he forgot to put it in the order and would get us new plates. This took another 15 minutes. I didn't eat half my salad because the dressing tastes so strongly of horseradish that it was burning my nose.
My next dish was actually very good: The Barbeque Shrimp. Our waiter never checked up on us and we actually would have to call on someone else to get him. After asking for the check we were pretty surprised to see he charged us for the salads that were incorrect (egg allergy is sort of a big deal). We also found it funny he charged us for the iced tea that he actually never gave me. 
We wanted out of there so bad we just left without complaining. We were afraid it would take another 30 minutes to deal with the problem.
Needless to say, the service from Terrance was horrible and it was the only place during our whole trip to NOLA that wasn't amazing!Jazz brunch on a Sunday was FANTASTIC. GET THE BISCUITS! Best in the south hands down. Around 80 items in the buffet! The seafood Benedict was amazing, crawfish étouffée and crawfish Louis! So good. Anyone who says this is not a good buffet either doesn't have taste buds or doesn't like seafoods which admittedly if you don't like seafood than this and maybe Nola in general are not your scene. Great Bloody Mary's too! Good service and the band was awesome. Must do on a Sunday.I've only been to The Court of Two Sisters for the jazz brunch.  Definitely make reservations if you plan on trying to score brunch on a weekend.
The brunch is OK.  It's done buffet style unless you want an omelet or something.  The salad bar has an interesting mix of mayo-y and other salads.  Probably not the best stuff for you, but it's tasty.  Some of the items in the hot bar leaves some to be desired.  Some items are good but the Duck a l'Orange, for example, was kind of dry, overcooked, and just not good.  
But really, what I came for was the atmosphere.  Sitting in their beautiful court yard, listening to some live jazz, with a mimosa in hand is magic.The courtyard at night is the best time to be here. So charming and pretty. We sat near the fountain underneath the twinkling lights, and it is just the most beautiful ambiance. The service was very friendly and gracious. The host who led us to our table was an especially nice guy and so welcoming.
My husband and son had the shrimp and grits. My son seemed to really like it but my husband not as much. After gorging myself for days in the french quarter, I didn't want a big meal. A salad was what I was looking for, and they had just the perfect one. It had arugula, goat cheese, radishes, sliced almonds, and a nice subtle champagne vinaigrette. I really enjoyed it and it was just what I needed after all the heavy foods I'd been eating! My daughter ordered the gulf fish and really liked it. I tried it and have to say I thought it was wonderful. The lump crabmeat risotto it came with was my favorite part!
We didn't have dessert this time, though we saw people nearby ordering the famous bananas foster. We had it once here a long time ago and it's quite a presentation and tastes really good as well. If you have any room left for dessert, try it.
I would definitely return here any time I'm in New Orleans.I came here for jazz brunch in the middle of the week (on a Wednesday). Service was great and, in my opinion, the food was all decent. 
However, for a place that's $36 a person and $8+ for any drink, it was a little disappointing.  The jazz band was one of the worst I've seen in the french quarter thus far - an area constantly alive with music. The food was good but not "uhg I can't wait to come back" good. There was a fair variety of meats, fruit, loaded hashbrowns, and desserts. However, the food felt to "cafeteria made." Side Note: As a vegetarian, I was pleasantly surprised by the selection of decent veg options (although you'll be limited to fruits, spicy olives, and broccoli if you're vegan).
Finally, (this was probably just because it was a Wednesday) the place was fairly empty and therefore lacking some energy. I would recommend checking out Sunday brunch, because maybe it would be lively and the food would be fresher - making it worth the money.Happy Thanksgiving!
We did not have any plans, and a friend recommended this place for brunch.  So I thought, that would be a great way to celebrate the holiday, a Thanksgiving brunch!  I made reservations online, and asked for 11 am, but the only time that was available was 930, which worked out great!
The buffet offered roasted turkey and all the turkey day fare, and some of the Cajun/Creole popular dishes like jambalaya.  I didn't care much for the oyster stuffing, but that's just me.  The candied yams were delicious!  I also loved the hollandaise on my eggs benedict.  Great peach bellini and the pumpkin pie and oreo cake really closed the meal!  Mimosas and bellinis are not included but are reasonably priced.
Our server, Rashad, was great!  Attentive without being intrusive.  I felt bad that they all had to work all day!  I remember those days!  I think the early start was a bonus.  The buffet line was never crowded.  As we started to finish, it was getting crowded.  The jazz music was really good, two different trios, one inside, one out.  I recommend coming here at least once for brunch.  Such rich history in one location.
The only downside is the birds.  If you sit under the gazebo, you increase your chance of getting pooped on.  Though it is nice to sit under.  I wonder what it looks like at night.  I did get a poop on my shoulder, but I considered that good luck!
It's not a tourist trap like everyone says.  I would bring people here if I had guests in town, especially for the music and patio.Really lovely place for brunch in the quarter.  The outside courtyard is huge and super pleasant. They play jazz on weekends. To be noted that the set up is buffet for Sunday brunch, and there isn't an a la carte option. This isn't for everyone, but the options are good. The servers can get quite busy though, so you won't be waited on hand and foot. On busier weekends, you may also need a reservation.I went for the daily buffet brunch. The restaurant is very old school, but it was overall a good experience. The eggs Benedict was good, and there were some great choices on the buffet. It was quite pricy however, and the food was good but not top notch.Great place off of Royal. Wonderful background story about the history of the location...just go to experience it all. The food was fantastic and they have a great cocktail, wine and beer options. We sat on the patio which was gorgeous. Beautifully lit along the wisteria tree and fountain. The Caesar salad made table side was very tasty.  We ordered fried alligator, fried boudin balls, escargot and a variety of entrees which was followed by bananas foster made right by our table. Now be prepared that the service is slow so if you have time then this won't affect you much. Managers, Tracey and Charles were phenomenal and very accommodating to ensure our visit was a positive one. Our server, Bruce, was friendly and helpful. This is a great location and we had probably the best table in the house. Get here and enjoy!Poor Krista got treated wrong.  I loved it!  It's a breakfast/brunch heaven full of seafood, cajun and creole variations on everything you've ever conceived as a breakfast food.  Try the made to order seafood omelettes early or you'll run out of room.  Be careful, they bring OJ and champagne for mimosas and a big basket of some of the best biscuits around -- this is to trick you into forgetting to actually make it to the buffet.  They had no such luck with me and my crew.  We ate for an hour and a half and spent the rest of the day moaning with pleasure.Fantastic brunch spot! Was only in NOLA for 3 days and was told this was one of the must stop spots....and they were right! If you want to try every authentic New Orleans cuisine in one place, this is it. Also, the atmosphere and staff are amazing. I felt like I was worlds away from anywhere I'd ever been and didn't want to leave. Next time I'm in NOLA I'm definitely going back!On a recent visit to NOLA, we made reservations for jazz brunch at the Court of Two Sisters.
This was hands down the best food we had during our visit.  The service was prompt, the dining room was filled with natural light from courtyard view.
If the weather was a tad warmer, seating outside would of been our first choice.  The courtyard is beautiful! 
The buffet was fresh and filled with tasty food. Excellent service! 
Highly recommend a visit to the Court of Two Sisters.  This is a MUST place to eat at.Had a bachelor party brunch here. Great location down on Royal, and we sat on the back patio where a muted jazz band played while we ate. Everyone at the table looked and felt like sh*t. I'm usually not into buffets after working for a few hotels, but the quality of the food was better than I expected. Drinks were great and kept coming, service was probably the best I've had in any restaurant in a long time. Make reservations way in advance, but  it's a really fun experience you'll definitely know you're in New Orleans.