Came to New Orleans to visit and looking for a place to watch the UFC fights was not easy. This place had the fights on with no cover charge! Some of the reviews said that the bartenders were rude but I would disagree. The two bartenders were awesome! They were direct and you better know what you want. But the more I hung out there the more I loved it! Awesome local bar. I would definitely go back. Food was ok. We got the pizza. Go there for the beerGreat place for a late night burger! I live on the Westbank but we stay downtown every year for Mardi Gras.  After the Endymion ball, and usually several other times during the weekend, we go to the Jimani for a hangover burger and shrimp poppers.  The beers are always good and cold, and they have a pretty good selection.  The bartenders have always been super friendly and we always meet someone interesting.  We would probably eat there a lot more often, but usally when we go downtown we venture to the Marigny side instead and end up at 13. The bar has a good mix of locals and out of towners without being a cheesy tourist trap.  I have never been for a Saints game or sporting event but it seems like it would be a pretty great place to watch a game.  Also, the picture of the lady flipping off the camera from the hospital bed is amazing! Love this place and wish I had a hangover burger right now.03/10/17 - Jimani being open late is a major plus.  We got out of our meeting late tried to coordinate too many people and said WTF and left half the group & said we would catch them later.  The boys had a taste for PoBoys.  Too bad not to much was open at 11pm on Thursday night.
We found Jimani open late with food and booze 2 good combinations and plenty of tv's with different sports on.  We went in found a table and waited and waited.  We finally found out that you had to order the food from the bar.  There were 7 of us and 1 by 1 we went to the bar and ordered our food and a beer.  I got a fried crab Po Boy & an amber ale.   
It took over 30 minutes to get our food.  When they finally brought out the food there were only 6 sandwiches so one person had to wait longer for them to cook it and bring it out.
My buddy got a shrimp Po Boy.  Kind of a piss poor representation of a shrimp Po Boy (check out the photo). This sandwich had the smallest shrimp, they weren't battered or fried and they only covered 1/2 of the bun.  I mean you charge $10.50 for a sandwich at least give the customer something to eat besides bread.  My crab Po Boy was the same way with 2 battered & fried crab cake balls on one 1/2 and 3 on the other 1/2.  Even though they were small it tasted pretty good or maybe at 11 pm I was starving.
It was an alright place to go that provided for some of our needs like food, beer and a place to talk about some of the days events.  The food was edible, but nowhere I would go back to their food.  The service was subpar, but it served our purpose for a late night place to gather eat and drink.I can only review on the food.  I know they have a cool selection of beers, but didn't have a chance to try any so I ordered the grilled Caesar wrap and the chicken was very tough and chewy.  It tasted like they overcooked it.  Service was good though.Atmosphere was definitely dive bar. Our bartender Z was a delite though she definitely made the experience. Ordered a shrimp BBQ poboy it was averageStopped to watch the NFL playoffs in while in town for a conference and really had a blast.  Good beer selection and prices.  HUGE jello shots and only $3.  The bartender was in the weeds, but had a smile on her face and was great overall!  Didn't try the food so I can't speak to that.  One item of note - the men's room is barely big enough for the single urinal it contains...just sayin'.This place was pretty cool. Not crowded, good wait staff and the drinks were reasonably priced. I would definitely go there again. Everyone in our party had a great time at the breathalyzer, trying to figure out who was more drunk.wen't in for a quick drink and the service was quite good. However, there was an even better story having to do with the history of the bar.Love this place! The crowd here changes significantly depending on what hour you go. Mainly between the wee morning hours and any other time, it is like two different places. If anyone gives this place a bad review because of the staff or the way they were treated I would have to lean toward the poster being the issue. This is a great local spot and depending on where you are staying it is perfect for tourists also. I've never brought anyone to this establishment and them not like it, usually they love it and keep coming back on their own. 
When you walk in and don't sit at the bar the bartender usually yells "order at the bar when you're ready." If you happen to miss that and are waiting for table service well that is your bad. Keep in mind this is a dive bar and one that locals love, why else is there mostly service industry people in there after they get off and even on breaks?
I've walked in and walked out several times either because I wasn't feeling the vibe at that time or I felt the people in the place were a little too snobby (for no good reason) but that is no reflection on this establishment. 
If I am out and about and hungry this is most certainly the place to go to late at night. When asked by a tourist where a laid back spot is I bring them here if it is close.
Besides the great friendly staff and usually great crowd the location here is the absolute bomb! The corner of Bourbon and Canal is very bad for numerous reasons and should be avoided unless you are very familiar with walking around in the Quarter. Walking past the Jimani and toward Bourbon is the way to go to avoid that intersection. If you are staying at the main Marriott property the location couldn't be better and this bar is a must hit. In fact I would highly recommend planning Jimani into your trip and booking your hotel at the Marriott.  The Marriott has a side gate that is right across the street but it is closed later in the morning during the peak hours or the bar.Great little bar away from the insanity of Bourbon St. Prices are very good and service was great. Tiffany was a great bartender and makes a mean Bloody Mary. Great for a hangover. Aaron the cook was also excellent. Will defiantly go back when I'm in town.Rude waitress and the restaurant's values don't seem on par with the city. Waitress was rude and not concerned with helping customers, rather about other things. I won't be going back to this place ever.The staff is nice and engaging. After ordering the pizza, I came to the conclusion there must be a shortage of marinara sauce in New Orleans. If you want a pizza that's bone dry and flavorless right out of the oven, this is your place! Whatever you do, do NOT order the pizza. 
The beer and liquor selection on the other is a delight!After over an hour waiting on an order they said they wrote both my CC # AND my contact info down wrong then when I was mad (understandable) cancelled my order and refused to deliver. This was a Thursday night.
Then they called me back, acted like they'd take my order after all and HUNG UP ON ME!
Are you freaking kidding me?! This place needs to get it together!We had the Peacemaker and short rib Po Boy. Both were very delicious. Good portion size. I'd recommend sharing if you want to try different sandwiches because the flavor was great! 
Guy Fiery stamp of approval can be seen on one of the walls. 
Thanks for a good experience here in New Orleans.Cool - Hole in the Wall kind of a place....
Nice place to grab a seat and drink for a few minutes....when roaming the quarters . . .This place was a gritty old thing.dont be fooled, because it had the booze and the Cajun food to turn that assumption around. Keep rolling with it and do a little little!Not only is the best bar in NOLA, this could be the best bar in America. As a person that travels 200+ days in a year, I find this place like home. The staff is great! The bar selection and prices great! The patrons great!!! If you go to NOLA and not visit jimini, you haven't truly seen NOLA.Want rude terrible service? Want to be aggressively upsold on everything? Want to wait forever for mediocre food? Want a bartender that mistakes being a b:+@h for having "spunky attitude"? Then by all means come here.From KC and in town for a guys weekend. Wanting to watch the Royals game we wandered into Jimani. Great place with lots of locals. The guy on the grill (BJ) was working hard and getting good food turned out quickly!! The bartender (Zanza) was very friendly and always had a smile on her face. Definitely maintained control of the bar and seemed to know everyone! The bar was welcoming and a perfect place to have some drinks and watch the game. Thank you Zanza and Jimani for a great experience!Nice little Dive bar on the corner of Chartres St and a block over from Canal.  It's always open, a very popular late night place for tourists and locals who want one last drink or some food at 4am. The drinks are really cheap here and service is super friendly with that local bar feeling that's hard to duplicate. The bar itself has quite a history and has been open since the 60's.  The name "The Jimani" as mysterious and foreboding as it sounds, is actually a play on words and is named after the owner's starting the bar with his buddy Jim.  So it's actually pronounced "Jim&I" and not like some movie starring Robin Williams and soon to be a new release with Dwayne Johnson aka The Rock.  
Anyway, really fun place to hang out, the bartenders are really friendly and they'll tell you what it's like living in NOLA from their perspective. Many people who live there stop by and order food for take out after work, so that's surely a good sign.  I didn't eat there but the menu looked good, pretty much classic bar type food, burgers, pizza, po boys, & sandwiches. Also gumbo and oher Creole type local food.  More or less what you'd expect.  Definitely recommended.Spur of the moment visit as my dining party decided against another venue. While it was on my BOOKMARKED "to try list"; I didn't expect to visit as soon... but hey, there's not time like the present.
Breakfast sandwich & a spicy crab po-boy... great choices. I was gonna get the breakfast sandwich, but opted for the spicy crab po-boy; it was true to its name - SPICY!!!!!
The drinks were tasty & inexpensive!!! 
This place was definitely a pleasant surprise and a GREAT little impromptu venue change. 
Walk in and grab a seat. Go to the bar, place your order. And wait for your food to be delivered to the table. 
The crowd was lite but still the place, while not small, seemed full. Guess folks were just evenly disbursed. 
The decor is quite interesting and worthy of taking note of. Especially the "security cameras or decorative security camera looking lights"; plus there's a cool BREATHALYZER mounted on the bar right before you exit... I didn't use it, probably just decorations, but still amazing. 
Good luck with parking, it's in the Quarters, so be warned.Came here for a Blackhawks playoff game; I don't know about the food, but the beer and drink selection is better than most in the area. Bottom of the scale to the very top ( $2 pbr or $7 Lambic ); didn't have a great Bourbon selection, but I'm an Arogant Bastard.Good dive bar. Food looks good. Bartender funny.  Could be more lewd.  Pussy drinks served with a tampon (jk).Slow and mediocre, bad place to eat. Maybe a different story if just there to drink.
The food was really greasy, but not in a good bar food way. Again the amount of time we had to wait despite being the only people eating while it was slow really made me mad. As far as drinks it is just the same as everywhere else in the french quarter.Love this place. I come to New Orleans 2-3 times a year and hit up Jimani first stop. Easy going, divey, not the usual fratty nonsense you find on bourbon.Skip this place. Fries were petrified. Steak po'boy was okay I guess. Prices were cheap. The kitchen was tiny and visible from the bar. They'd probably be better to cut their menu in half and focus on being fresher and better. Overall left grumpy and still hungry. Bar tender is an interesting character full of anger and what not.I like this place because it's dive-y but friendly. I do like places like this because they're small, not very touristy and serves good food. It's a neighborhood type place but in New Orleans, which is a little weird. Their specials are really cheap and the food is still really good. I'm thoroughly impressed by their beer selection though-with the temptation to just go with cheap and volume they went the other way. Well done, Jimani lounge. The only reason it didn't get a higher rating is I managed to get the one stool that wasn't fully attached and I nearly fell over when leaned back.ME and the wife hit Nawlins in sept of 2010.
We went to the Jimani twice, i had the gumbo which i thought was 
most excellent, plus they had Paulaner in bottles, one of my favorite brews.
Very cool place.  So many cool places in Nawlins, this was one of my
favorites.Awesome local bar with a regular bar menu for people who don't want seafood or creole.Cool hole in the wall place. I went for a dew drinks. Looks like they have food served all night. Good liquor selection.En route to kill some time I was walking towards the quarter and I was hungry. I hadn't eaten in hours and was traveling all morning. I stopped by a few places next door to peek the menu and one didn't serve food so I came to Jimani. 
I posted up at the bar with my luggage and was greeted by the lovely bar-woman (I think her name was A---) and she was awesome! Wicked friendly. Ahh. See what I did there? 
So I just got the fried pickles, yum! Hot sauce only, try it!  And I got some Andy Gators, yuuum. And watched some UFC, had some conversation with a guy. All good. 
Overall, if I lived around here I would totally go back which is why you my dear local reading this (or traveler) should totally go in for me because I cannot. 
Thank you!Food is decent if you don't mind the wait. Two sandwiches took over an hour to serve. 
There is one guy with a small grill and fryer. Probably could have received our sandwiches in 30-45 minutes but cook noticed at the last minute he was missing a key ingredient for my wife's sandwich. They served mine and 30 min later, and after cooking for three other guests, they served my wife's veggie wrap. 
I won't be coming back here anytime soon.I enjoyed the staff and the atmosphere.  The bar food was okay.  The staff there was awesome and very helpful, and I really enjoyed the music.  I felt like I was back in Philly.  They were very entertaining and made me laugh. I would go back.  The prices were affordable.  If you are looking for something romantic this is not the place for you, but you are looking for wonderful people to talk to this is the place.I was looking for a good local bar to watch the end of the Saints game and the beginning of the late afternoon game. Little did I know I was walking into a candidate for Bar Rescue. The good, lots of TVs, decent chicken sandwich, good beer selection. The bad: inattentive bartender bordering on rude,  lipstick on the glass my wife's Scotch came in, bartender drinking with the patrons, one patron so over served she had to be helped to an Uber. To top things off, my credit card number got stolen. Guess where the only place I used it was? Yep.  Stay away from this place unless you want to be treated poorly and have your credit card number stolen. The worst.Went in to grab a beer and order food to go. After sitting with an empty beer for 15+ minutes, in an otherwise mostly empty bar, we were finally able to order our food to go. After reminding the bartender we wanted our food to-go it was prepared to eat-in. Plus, she left off some of the food we ordered. Once back in our hotel room (we did visually check our food before leaving) we realized the stuffed fried food was not what we ordered. 
Decent food. HORRIBLE service!Their food is good, but they deserve 5 stars more for being reliable and consistent with deliveries. Being available at times many places are closed and as someone who works weird hours, I love this place. 
The prices are amazing, too!! It doesn't cost you a crazy amount of money to get one thing.
The nachos were really good, but they looked a lil crazy, I knew they were made from scratch, I know how it looks cuz Ill make it similar, but someone was looking over and was like WHAT is THAT? i explained it, and she actually ended up being interested. The food is good, but Im saying dont get discouraged by the nachos look cuz they bomb af.
this place is my go to and i love it.Visit 2/27-3/2/17
That is right! We ended up here every night. Place is open late so this became our regular last stop before going back to the hotel. 
This was like a combination between local and tourist dive bar. Staff and guest were super welcoming, funny, outgoing, and playful.  Kinda felt like the show "Cheers" by the last night.
Burgers- Amazing, Pizza- Skip, Drinks- Can't beat the price in NOLA!
Need to find a place "Where everybody knows your name? and their always glad you came?" - Jimani is the place to go.
Thank you Jimani for the Southern Comfort :-)Apparently one of my buddies partied here until 7am last year so we HAD to go back! haha
We got there early-ish like 9:30pm so it wasn't as he remembered, but we were hungry so I had some crawfish pasta which was oh-kay, but not great and cheap. The people were definitely friendly and I didn't feel weird there.
I have no idea what Ted is bitching about though--I also had a rickety stool..that's standard issue!!Nice little spot for locals in the quarter. I usually go to the Alibi or Industry but they were closed. Catfish def made my night. Fried Mac n cheese bites, wings, mozz sticks, and some of the best local beers on tap! Great touch tunes music playing too.Don't bother. Cafeteria like food w airport like customer service. 
Great tunes tho.Food was decent. It's more of a bar than a restaurant. If you're not a fan of hipsters, don't come here. We sat by two very annoying and dramatic ones.We had this delivered, the arrived faster than quoted. Steak Poker Boys were very good. Gumbo was nice and we'll seasoned, nice spicy, and lots of meat.
Prices were okay to feed our 4 person family, approx $40Cold beer. Typical bar foods done right. Nothing fancy just a good local type dive bar. If your looking for the quiet place off bourbon street try this place.My cravings when I drink? Salad. There aren't many places open after a night of drinking where you can get a nice crispy salad, but this is one of them.
Try their sweet southern corn bites, so yummy! 
And to top it off, the employees are all really friendly.Excellent dive-ish bar with good beer selection and grub.  I asked the rather comely (and very attentive) bartender what was good to eat after driving nine hours and she suggested a Jimbo's combo with gravy.  It wasn't the healthiest, but it tasted great!  I'll definitely stop in again when I'm town.Jimani is the bright blue light that guides this simple bar fly.  Coriolis brings me here every time I'm in New Orleans and I can't explain it.  I'm always in either a semi or fully blown state of debauchery from the moment I leave for NOLA and can't walk by without entering.  Always friendly; a great start or end to the evening and a great alternative to all the places that you think you're supposed to go.This is one of my favorite late night haunts in The Quarter.  Last night we arrived at around 1am and ordered a pizza and their Mac & Cheese bites.  Catfish was the bartender and he was great.
The food was good for bar food especially that late at night after a big evening in NOLA.  I also liked that they carried Delirium Tremens by the bottle.  All in all it was a nice way to cap everything off.
I recommend The Jimani to anyone looking for a laid back end of the night night place to shut it down after the madness on Bourbon St.My friend and I lovingly nicknamed this the Jumanji bar because we could never remember the name. We stopped by for late-night drinks and snacks (mozzarella sticks!) a couple of times. Service was fine and the beer selection was good. The divey aspect cannot be overemphasized here. A group of drunk men singing "Kiss From a Rose" along with the jukebox was certainly a highlight. Save this place for the end of your night, but know that it's a safe bet for your last round.Jimani is a great bar that's not your typical tourist bar in the French Quarter. Because of how we are treated so well this has become our go to local.  Especially love Rebekah, along with BJ and Houston. They make a great team.Bartender was extremely rude. I work nearby and go to the bar often. Tonight the female bartender, ( brown hair heavy set) was extremely rude. She just talked to her friend for 15 minuted Instead if serving me and once she did and I explained how it seemed like she was ignoring me-she said it was because she had to pee. First of all I don't care if you have to pee-give me a beer first. Second, that doesn't explain why you had a twenty minute sing a long with your friends and we're goofing around before you bothered to serve me, having to pee is not an excuse for ignoring a regular customer for your friendsWhen I came to New Orleans for work this is the first place we stopped for drinks. It was Halloween day and we were looking for a good time where we could also eat some good lunch. We walked in and the whole place was decorated with fun Halloween decor. The bartender was dressed like a sexy vampire which made the experience even more fun. 
We sat at the bar and ordered a bucket of PBR for $10 and looked through the menu. I had never been to the city before this week so I was looking for some good down home Louisiana food with some fresh seafood and delicious spices. 
After a few minutes of scanning the menu I decided on the BBQ shrimp po boy and Nate decided on the Crawfish/Shrimp pasta. When I saw BBQ shrimp I was thinking it was going to be shrimp covered in in bbq sauce and grilled on a bbq grill. What I got was something totally unexpected that was even better than what I thought it was going to be. It was in some kind of buttery garlic sauce and it was amazing! The bread was perfectly soft and warm and the shrimp was succulent, fresh, and amazing. The crawfish pasta was also great, and it was my first time trying crawfish. We will be back while we are staying in the French Quarter for awhile, it was a great time!any bar that has a strong halloween them on halloween and metal blasting is a good bar in my book.
place is very small and narrow, but they got a great selection of beer. and check this--JELLO SHOTs. everything is very modesty priced.Came here to finish out an all-nighter before packing up my stuff at the hotel and heading home. Decent place to grab one last drink before you head back to your Canal St/CBD hotel. The lady barkeep was friendly enough. Service industry peops came in after finishing their shifts, which is always a good sign.One of my favorite stops in New Orleans. Most bars near or in the Quarter are the same. The Jimani is not the same as anything else in the area. It reminds me a lot of a corner bar in Chicago. Nothing fancy but they have what you need. Prices aren't unreasonable and they have quite a lot of options. Service is attentive and not pushy.This is a great dive spot with friendly locals and tourists alike. Both of my visits were great, the bartenders there were super nice (the nice young lady in the early part of the day and the bro that just came back from his trip to Toronto) sorry i'm bad with names. Great selection of bottled and tap beers plus good mixed drinks (blueberry stoli and sours was fire!). Didn't get a chance to try all the food but the chili cheese fries and mac and cheese bites were tasty. If you should get hungry at any time of the night they will fire up the grill and cook you up some good grub. Despite the tragedy that befell this establishment, it's still standing and showing everyone a great time. I'll miss you guys wish there was a place like this back home and I can't wait to come back.There's just something about this place.  I have to go back every time I'm in town.  Food was simple, but also pretty good.  Decent prices, and I love the dark ambiance.Come here to drink only! :-). It's Main function is as a bar - GREAT well drink ($3.75) specials and $10 buckets if 5 beers can't be beat!
The hubby & I ordered fried corn bites and spicy meat pie appetizers. Appetizers were OK, but as I wrote, come here to drink, not eat. 
It's a small, cool "divey" spot with locals & tourists.Dive bar - but a good burger.  Quick bite when you are at a nearby hotel for meetings or in the neighborhood walking around.  Big menu for a small place.  All three had burgers and were happy.  One ordered the peanut butter burger and liked it.  I had the bacon and cheese burger and was happy with my selection.  Not a lot of frills if you're looking for that.  Bar or high bar table top seating.Epic poboys, a funny (yet sassy bartender), and overall good vibes. I thought this bar was named after that goofy robin williams movie. turns out it was named after an awesome dude named jim. Come if you live like dives.Great place  great service and good food 
Stop in for fun and meet great people 
We always stop in  on our trips to new orleansFor a late night spot that was slammed I waited , not even 1 and 1/2  minutes for my drinks. Anna and Tiffany are sweet awesome bartenders and their service was so great I went back before I left town to hang out. I will highly recommend this place to my fellow bartenders and friends. :) awesome beer selection and the 3$ Jell-O shots are huge and STRONG. Quick pro-tip the hurricanes are SOOOOO strong two and you will be buzzing to the moon.If you like a bar ,with a urinal only in the mens bathroom,  no toilet .about 600 square feet total ,this is the place for you.. And we go because of UFC showing most of the times . 0 chance of coming here orherwise. the Cook has an attitude .the chubby female bartender is nice..Rude and indignant bartender chucks ice cubes at customers to get their attention, because apparently 10 feet is too far to walk over to patrons. 
We just walked out of Jimani after extremely rude and rather bizarre treatment by the lone female bartender between 6-7pm. She refused to provide her name despite claiming she is the manager. This was after she threw ice cubes at us, hitting one of us -- at patrons, at customers -- and demanded to see our IDs. She claimed she threw ice cubes at us because she yelled but we wouldn't respond, nevermind the possibility that we may not have heard her because we were sitting beneath a blaring speaker. If a bartender wants the attention of a customer, she should walk the 10 feet to us sitting under the blaring speaker. THROWING ice cubes AT customers should not be an option anywhere. 
She was incredibly disrespectful, indignant that she did nothing wrong, even when we let her know the ice cubes she threw had hit one of us. She is an embarrassment to New Orleans, which we otherwise love because of its hospitality, notwithstanding the treatment incurred today by this alleged manager of Jimani.
We were in your establishment today between 6-7pm. Horrible. If I could give zero stars, I would.I use to go here for the bartenders. I don't want to be mean, but the entitlement aspect of the Bartenders here has worn on the staff, in the worst way, over time. They are the type who will read this and try to justify their actions, and that's normal (if you're kmart)! But I'm that old lady who came in for a deal and left disappointed (and fucked) out of money AND time... Martha Stewart even admitted to her wrong doings,
and she sells nothing but advice and pieces of cardboard that this place could only DREAM to slide down the levee of customer service on. Try this one day; Cater to the patrons who have kept this bar alive, (going unnoticed & riddiculued) while the escorts of New Orleans eat our macaroni bites (along side the city's top drug dealers who loiter right outside) all these years. Thanks for nothin.. Great job y'all!I ate at some expensive places while I was in town last week but my absolute favorite, and inexpensive, was your place. Thanks for the good eats and great vibe, I'll be back!!food review only: stopped by here for a snack, had some fried food, mac n cheese bites!
 service was good and people were nice.We pop over for drinks in Jimani all the time whenever we come to the quarter. The servers are always really nice to us and seem like they are having fun. They are always dressed up when we come in or have their face painted or something. Or they have some funny doll dressed up on the bar. It's always just something and it is so New Orleans, you have to love it. 
When we pop in for a pregame with our group we love grabbing the trivia controllers and playing a handful of rounds. 
Drinks are good and aren't expensive. Bar snacks are solid for what they are. Chicken fingers, fries, etc. They are what they are and have definitely served the purpose of getting a decent bite in our stomachs before we walk around or have refueled us when we are out and about and need to stop and get a bite to keep us going. We're smart enough to throw in some waters and quick bites throughout the night anytime we step in the quarter and this place is an awesome go to for that. 
Worth noting - someone in our group always manages to do well playing cards on one of the machines when we go. I've not played but it's always cool when a buddy plays some hands and wins.I was in NOLA for Labor Day weekend with my girlfriend, cousin, and some friends. We wanted to grab a burger and watch the Notre Dame - Texas game in a low profile atmosphere. One of the locals suggested this place to us. We walk in and the place is basically just what we were looking for: ultra-dive bar with televisions, beer, and bar food. As soon as we walked in, the bartender demanded to see our IDs in one of the most abrasive fashions I have ever experienced. And she made sure to say that she expects to see all of them. To be clear, all of us are definitely over 21, but regardless, we all show her our IDs. She then tries to take our order, but through her own apathy stumbles through the orders and requires us to tell her each of our orders 3 times. She even interrupted us several times during our order to talk to other customers at the bar in a casual fashion. I'm not entirely sure what her problem was, but she severely altered our enjoyment of this bar.
The food was actually quite good and the beer selection was very solid (lots of local options), but that girl needs to be taught some manners. Terrible, terrible service.This place was a gritty old thing.dont be fooled, because it had the booze and the Cajun food to turn that assumption around. Keep rolling with it and do a little little!Rude disrespectful and arrogant . If you want to be treated this way then this is the place for you . Too many details to list but a group of 6 of us walk in at 6pm for a bite and the bartender was just a complete arrogant server . I travel the country and I have never been treated so rudely without even saying a word to start besides when they asked for our IDs I laughed and said "ok".  She said it's a two way street and we shouldn't have ordered what's not available . Well then take the roast beef po boy off your menu if you don't even serve this . We left without buying a thing and went next door. Many places in New Orleans to choose from besides this place .I am a local that went to this bar quite frequently in the past. Last night I walked in the bar to purchase two beers for a friend and I and the bartender named Marissa with short blonde hair, decided to tell me to get the fuck out. Not only is she rude but also shouldn't be in the service industry at all. I have been in the service industry for 7 years and have never seen someone so disrespectful. She deserves to be fired. Horrible attitude and horrible service! Don't waste your money at this place. There are so many better bars in New Orleans!Slowwwwwww. My food was pretty bad. I had the shrimp po boy. Yuck. The staff was cool.Small place. Bartender is very tentative. Prices are great compared to other places around. Did not eat so can't give advise on that.Cool little dive bar with a super delicious chicken club sandwich. I definitely plan on visiting again when I come back to New Orleans!This is one of my favorite bars in NOLA. Catfish is a great bartender. They serve food all night and it is really good. The beer and drinks are cheap. They have a great jukebox that is always entertaining the crowd. Make sure to get the large Jell-o-shots in the syringe. you can even get them to go. I love this place and proudly wear my Jimani shirt here in Dallas, Texas. This is my go to place in the French Quarter everytime.Stopped in for a drink, thinking about food.  Place is not what I would call a sports bar, more of a dive with some TV's.  Our stay didn't last long, got a togo cup and bailed.  Nothing special here.Wonderful food fun atmosphere a little loud if you trying to enjoy a game or visit but over all a very cool dive bar with lots of local flavor.I heart Jimani. I heart them when I want a drink after work, and when I want food after work, and when for some reason I'm in the quarter but it's not after work.
Friendly bartender, whether you want a Bud Light or a shot of Jack or a gin martini. Music is at the mercy of whoever pays the jukebox.
Tasty BLTs, tasty chili cheese fries, and nachos like you'd make them at home- with some of every topping on each chip, even at 1am. Yessss. 
Plus, the Halloween decor is up early and is epic.It's sad when the music is so loud the bartender can't hear an order then when you try and ask for food, she spends more time on her phone than paying attention to the customers. .. it took 30 minutes from when I walked in and asked for a beer just to pay. I tried several times to ask for food, and she kept walking by....This is the best local dive bar I've found in NOLA. Great burgers and awesome atmosphere. Rob and Angie are great bartenders. Always my bar in New Orleans.Didn't eat lunch today at work, was getting ready to go on a haunted tour but knew I needed to eat something. I was staying at the Hotel Monteleone and wanted to find something local and close, just a couple blocks from bourbon street. Very well stocked bar with great selection of alcohol. I was very happy with my meal and the entire experience. Will definitely be coming back next time I am in town.Becca is amazing!!!!!! Love her. Cool bar, and cheap for being next to bourbon. becca...  she's the best!!I would not call the Jimani a Lounge & Restaurant...it's definitely a neighborhood watering hole that serves some food.  Their menu is limited but perfect bar food in every way....jalapeno poppers, fries, dogs, burgers and steak or roast beef po boy.  
The atmosphere is a little divey but also friendly.  The place is packed at lunch time with locals checking out the sports or poker headlines while wolfing down a jimani burger with a cold Abita.  We had the burger and roast beef po boy...both delicious in a mouth watering, greasy hands, messy mouth kind of way.  Good food, cheap food, cold drinks and lovely staff.  It's not haute cuisine but it satisfies a drunken hunger.Great little spot to day drink and watch some football or take over the juke box and have a late night dance party. 
A sign at the door advertising $10 for 5 Abita Strawberry drew us in this time. Had a great time and the staff and the regulars were all very welcoming and friendly.Pizza was overdone and tasted like frozen pizza. The bartender was too busy serving drinks to give us our order so it sat in the countertop getting cold. Would never get it again.While in town for a meeting my colleague and I came to this place a few times and were floored as to how great it was.
We came at night and in the afternoons. At all times the bartenders were genuinely nice to us, attentive and fun while taking care of the many people who were there besides us.
The food was awesome. We shared ribs, wings, burgers, fries. Everything was cooked on a very small grill in the corner of the bar. The cooks were attentive and friendly as well. We made a point to compliment them every time we were there because the food was that good.
This is a great place and I highly recommend!I would have given a ZERO, but that isn't an option. I am very disappointed in the service received in ATTEMPTING to place a delivery over, after the first experience being so pleasant and easy. Be ware. Who ever answers their phones is a complete arrogant asshole. Will not answer any questions about the menu. If u ask too many questions, he will refuse to take your order. I have never called a restaurant that offers delivery and been told they were too busy for me to ask them questions about what was on their menu and what they would do with my credit card information after placing my order, when placing a cash order. And when my cousin called to place an order, she was refused as well because this person would have nothing to do with anyone staying at the same hotel as myself. He told me not to call again and to order from somewhere else because they were too busy to deal with the communication issues--what that means I have no idea, but in the same breath told me not to call back because no other employee would take my order and hung up in my face for the 2nd time! He also hung up in my cousin's face when she called as well. From reading other reviews, many people seem to rave about the owner being so nice, but whether it was him who answered the phone or one of his employees, I will definitely make sure not to recommend Jimani! If this is the type of service received over the phone, I wouldn't want to think of the type of service given in the establishment!We had a ridiculous wait for food . The order was messed up to top it all . The bartender with short hair was amazingly rude to all of us ! She asked us for IDs just for eating food and was pretty adamant about it , given it a rule ( but still made no sense ) we complied . She used some curse words at us assuming we were drunk . We totally weren't , juts tired and wanted to grab a quick bite. At one point there was a clear distinction between how she treated us and did not give a crap of us being there as inquiring about food !
Dear Bartender , if you don't treat tourists with respect , what's the point ?
Take a cue from this review and change your attitude !Jimani is a nice place to relax and enjoy good bar food away from Bourbon Street. The crab poppers are delicious and I always make a trip there for them. Hamburger, chicken strips and fries are great too. Bartenders have always been nice and they have the best prices for drinks. Women's restroom has been recently remodeled and is decent for the French quarter. If you want a fun, laid back atmosphere to eat, drink and watch sports this place is it! And if the smoke bugs you, you're in luck because the smoking ban goes into effect April 22, 2015This was recommended by one of our favorite bartenders in New Orleans. "It's where the locals go when we get off work" had a great burger, bartender was sweetIt's a bar with decent food at lunch.  Smoking's allowed.  Had a meatball po'boy which was okay. Just didn't feel like NO.I would recommend this place as a solid dive bar in the french quarter - I mean, it's not great but i'm rounding up because it's better than the other places around.  The patrons appeared to be either locals or less obnoxious tourists, which is better than you can say for most spots around here.  They had a decent bottled beer selection.  I didn't try the food, but it's appeared to be a basic greasy spoon.Sooooo...once upon a time I was drunk and walking through the French Quarters with friends. We were hungry and wanted to wind down with a few drinks. Not many places are open late but this late night haunt was one of them. We thought we would give it a try. 
Well for starters it looks like a typical dive bar but the first thing I noticed was the staff and the people there were super nice and laid back. They also had some music going. I was going to order a drink until I discovered they had a large beer selection. So I tried the Strawberry Cider beer which was soooo tasty. I was very pleased. I ordered a hot dog and seasoned fries thinking it would be whatever but it was anything but that. My hotdog was sliced and grilled to perfection and served on a toasted buttery hoagie. It was way to much bread for me. But still good. The fries were sooooo good. My friend got a fried shrimp Po boy which was really good too. So the food and drinks were good.
So...just in case u don't trust my drunk judgement. I went back for lunch two days later. Got some more beer and tried split the BBQ shrimp Po Boy with my friend. Needless to say everything was tasty. The sauce was amazing on the sandwich, everything was cooked just right including the fries. 
In summary. Good food and not just a place to grab a drink. Best part is you can go for lunch or a late night snack. And shout out to the cool cooks and bartenders!Nice little bar to watch NFL games. Food was good, drink prices are great & the waitress provided great service!I am from out town , I liked the atmosphere, but this place was full and only worker they had was the cook and bartender... Food was a normal bar food, nothing I would l just specifically come to to if I came here again ... Just being honest ... The bartender was very very nice , she just needed some help ...Only ordered one food item the Jimmy J's Big Ass Nachos - they aren't big but absolutely worth everything.  I will bring my wife back tomorrow or I will be in trouble.  It was a surprise how good these were I will stand behind them.Best bar in the city! Prices are good & the customer service is excellent! It is definitely a must go to for tourist & even locals.Spent two nights out of four at Jimani.  Standard dive bar drinks and fare, but the bartender Catfish is my new hero and puts this place over the top.  The place was absolutely packed both nights, and Catfish was killing it - rocking out behind the bar, singing along to every song, slinging food and drinks at 100 miles an hour, and still finding time to give every guest a huge smile and his undivided attention as he helped them, working the packed bar solo.  This guy is an absolute pro, and makes the place something really special.  Apparently he and some industry friends also have a thing where they donate one shift a month's proceeds to a music charity for underpriveleged kids.  A great place and great people who deserve your support.A small gem on Chartres close to the French Quarter. Great breakfast menu and large portions for you. Average prices (hire then some other local places) but the food was fresh and hot.
Our server was attentive and stayed on top of drinks and checked with us regularly. Have not tired their lunch or dinner but their offerings are there if you get the chance.Food was just ok but terrible service. Waitress/bartender was incredibly rude. Felt like I was at Dick's Last Resort. I wouldn't go back.Went on a Tuesday, around 7 pm.  Not too crowded.  First impression?  Small, dark, & local.  Went for a bite to eat, wanted to try some place new.  Have walked past for years, never realized they had food.
Wasn't sure where to order, table or bar.  After feeling a bit awkward looking around, turns out it was at the bar.  I'm not a very forward person, so that's all on me for not asking sooner.  Menu on their website is slightly different than what's on their walls.  Decided on a meatball po-boy, order of cheese fries, and an Abita Purple Haze.
Must be the tiniest kitchen nook I've ever seen, right at the entrance.  Food didn't take long, served promptly, beer cold.  Grabbed a table in the back to eat.  The cook walked by, asked how it was.  Good, thanks!  The sandwich was a nice size, hot, and sauce was seasoned well.  Fries were a thicker shoestring fry, covered with a nice flow of liquid cheese.  Came with pickle chips, and pepperoncini.   Finished it all, very filling.  Bill came to around $16, before tip.  Not too bad, really.
Why not more stars?  I don't know.  Honestly, it might be a bit off putting to a non-local.  Didn't deter me, nor did the place especially wow me.  I'd go again, now that I know what to expect.  Might be because it's a little too "sports bar" for me.  Must have counted at least 10 TVs, all turned to some sort of sporting event.  If that's your scene, then head here!!  I'm not into sports, but I appreciate their attention to detail.  Saw the bartender change one of the TVs to accommodate a customer looking for a specific game.  Is that a normal, everyday thing?  Couldn't tell you, but it was nice of her to do.
A solid meal, a place to catch a game or 10, and a full bar.  What's not to like?  Admittedly, I was a bit wary to come based on previous reviews.  I didn't have a poor experience, and you probably won't either.As dive sports bars go, this one is pretty dang good. Several TV's and a way above average beer selection. Drink prices were really good for the Quarter. 
Bartender was a pro, she handled the whole bar all by herself and we were there for several hours. The cook was on his game too in his cramped little kitchen. Great place to watch the game and a good place to organize a group during a French Quarter adventure.Stopped in here on a rainy Tuesday evening last week. We had never been here but had heard it was haunted.  We just took a ghost tour so we figured why not.  We had 2 drinks each, whiskey sours for my hubby and cape cods for me and paid $11!  Now we don't drink top shelf by any means but the drinks were fantastic!  The atmosphere was great.  A lot of locals.  The only thing I will say is when we left we started back the way we came and overheard a large group of undesirable folks who were hanging out on tricked out cars say "There go two right now." We quickly turned down another street where a large group was.  Now that is in now way the bar's fault.  Just putting it out there.Every day is Halloween here!  Seriously!  I've lost days hanging out at this bar and talking to strangers.  Jimmy is a great host and the people who work here are pure professionals!  Burgers are great and the drinks are perfect.  This place is a total joint and that's how I like it!Good bar for sports and beer specials ($10 for 5 beers). We spent an NFL Sunday here and the food was surprisingly good. I had the BBQ shrimp Po boy - it was excellent. Skip the corn bites, they were bland but the large salad was very good. Lots of beers to choose from and about 10 big screen TVs.I had the beers here and a starter both of which I liked. The service is good, the customers are okay (staff managed to block a couple of dealers trying to use the toilets for transactions). It is a divey/sports bar kind of place. I ducked in here once after schlepping through the warehouse district and then again when the rain came chucking down. Yeah, this is a place worth going a few blocks out of your way to get to and is a good alternative to Bourbon St.They had a sign out, the soup of the day is whiskey. That's when I convinced the group to go in. They have a good selection of beers and gangsta music.Small, divey sports bar.  Lots of TVs, cheap whiskey, good music.A lot of positive things can be said about this awesome hole in the wall. The food is top notch. Broccoli bites, the grilled chicken sandwich with caramelized onions and special sauce, THE CHICKEN WINGS, even the veggie wrap. All superb. The staff is super friendly and they work their asses off to get you what you want. I walk in and my double whiskey diet is waiting for me. They're the best. Courtney, Becca, and Bert are all rock stars. Houston helping out with barbacking and in the kitchen? He will get you whatever you need. Seriously, this crew grinds past the break of dawn, and I wouldn't drink anywhere else in the Quarters.The BBQ Shrimp poboy was incredible here! Our barmaid, "Z", was very friendly and personable. She made sure we had ABSOLUTELY EVERYTHING we needed. When my wife (who doesn't drink much) asked her for new types of drinks, she explained everything and made sure she wanted it before pouring it. She was on top of everything! The atmosphere was kinda divey, just the way I like it. I feel like even though tons of tourists come here, this is a local hang. I dig it!Started coming years ago on solid recommendation, but will likely never return. Sat through shift change, day bartender was pleasant until she became intoxicated, night bartender was unacceptably and aggressively rude from the start. Used to feel like family, second star is for that nostalgia and the people who work there and don't deserve to be lumped in with the bull.Had the nachos on a previous visit which were good, but not the typical plate of chips with topping you would expect; this dish was three chips with topping centered on them like a taco or pizza. Next time we had the crab poppers (meh) and a burger that was tasty.Mmmmm salty fried balls....
Crawfish Balls that is.  And they were excellent, fried pretty much right in front of us at this great little dive bar where my significant other could get his Trivia (Buzztime) fix.  Friendly, sassy bartender, down to earth cook, cool locals, good prices.  The combination made for a nice little spot to chill for a little bit. 
If you're looking for a homey comfortable little dive bar off Bourbon Street, this is the place to go.Food was disgusting! The BBQ shrimp Po boy was nasty! If you want to watch a game and get cheap beer then go on in. But if you are remotely hungry, save your money! We were starving and we wished we went somewhere else. It was the worst meal I've eaten in any establishment in any city.Next door to the Marriott hotel's flagship and although it's not a destination by the likes of most tourists, it's worth the visit if you like dives with decent food and cheap booze.  (It's crazy how pricing of booze and food fluctuates so greatly from place to place in this tourist drawn area.)  
Here it's all about their burgers, warm atmosphere and friendly waitstaff.  
Any business which is able to gain the repeat attention of service industry folks, should be worth the visit to the public nearby.  In the couple days I stayed in Nola, while visiting this bar I ran into some of the industry people which waited on our group while dining and bar hopping the different bars, restaurants and businesses nearby.
It's a dive that gets a lot of walk in traffic, more so than a couple of the bars / lounges that line this block.  Only two bars get the most, Jimani and Back space bar.  Both of which tend to draw the most attractive of ladies.  Maybe it's the good food?Great bar food, friendly bartenders, reasonably priced. A good place to start or end an evening. A lowkey, solid choice. Look for the amazing picture above the door as you exit. Make sure to get the chicken parmesan po'boy for dinner and the breakfast po'boy when you wake up the next day.Loved this place, great dive bar. Cheap drink prices and just a fun place. Was literally a half block away from our hotel. Went there several times during our trip.Great location, good food, awesome prices, and super friendly bartender. Sit at the bar close to the "kitchen" and jam with the cook!Great spot for cheap hearty food for lunch all the way through late night.  Last night I had a tasty bowl of Pastalaya, at 4AM. Friendly service.  Divey interior. Lots of TVs. 1 block off Canal, across street from Marriott and a block from Hotel MontleoCool little dive bar with a great beer selection. The food was, well, dive bar food. Stick with the pizzas - the fried mac and cheese was not so good.I guess it's known for its sandwiches and for being a sports bar. When we came in it was just a typical dive bar full of bros.  Hard to get service.  It was crowded and it's shotgun style so there's not a lot of room to move.A great stop on the way 'home'. Cheap drinks and friendly service. This place is a hospitality worker's haven - after shifts, they can drop in, it closes at 8am. Crazily, it opens again at 11am for brunch, lunch and then some. Cheap/friendly/convenient  - what else do you want?My kind of bar. Catfish is the man. Good company, new friends, a great piece of a great city. A nice change of pace from the touristy venues.I sat and chopped it up with some folk and bartenders til almost 5am this past Saturday. Everyone was friendly. If you want good beer/drinks and actually want a glass and not a plastic cup, this is a good spot. 
I came in here on my way back to the hotel pissed at the last spots beer prices and beer that was out on their menu. Came in here to smiles from everyone, got food cooking. Actually had 2 of the beers that the last spot was out of and said they will probably never get again and half the price.
 Anyway friendly bartenders, friendly patrons. Nobody sloppy drunk. Sat and talked for few hours and turned in. Can't give 5 stars as I didn't eat anything and I know that's what folk complain about here. I had a $5 tab and dipped out for bed. I know it says central business district but less than 5 minute walk from bourbon street. Come on inWe were hungry late at night and the place our hotel sent us to had just closed its kitchen, so they sent us here. It's a good dive bar. The food was better than expected--my wife had a good grilled cheese and I had some decent gumbo. But it's a dive bar, so there were some 30-ish drunken dorks busily reliving the glory days they imagine frat boys to have had. Somehow they had girls with them, which is both confusing and revelatory of the kind of dive this place is. If you hang out with, or enjoy being around, noisy drunken dorks pretending to be frat boys, go now. If you are hungry and everything else is closed and you don't yet know about the Clover Grill, look up the Clover Grill and then decide which is your type of dive. *GONG*Awesome beer/alcohol selection, yet, Very disappointed, ordered an appetizer, literally had 2 bites and didnt care for it, the bartender removed it & was quick to offer something else. was also told whether I ate the 1st app or not I was required to pay for it. Dont think I should have had to pay for something I didnt eat. Will never go back.Not bad, tourist need not come here. Friendly and reasonable service with good appetizers.Worst meal I've had in a long time.  Disgusting undercooked meat.  Bartender was more concerned with being flippant than with what we needed.  Food was swimming in a pool of grease.  Stick with the drinks but avoid the food here.This place is SUCH a dive and sooo trashy I LOVE IT!! I love the Bourbon-trash after hours skanks, hookers and junkies who hang out here. I love the bartenders cause they are nice and the food is actually really good. MAC N CHEESE BITES ARE WHAT'S UP!!! This is where people like my ex (bourbon st. bartender of almost 6 years now) go to get laid. I mean anyone can find some action here. DO IT!!Awesome. In a world where bartenders are snobs, the girl bartending was genuine and friendly. She has short strawberry blonde hair... thanks for being great!A small, dark, and amazing dive bar with tasty food and even better prices.  The bartender was super nice..unfortunately, I don't remember her name; too many drinks. I love the ambiance of this place, so gritty intimate, and dark.. perfect for when you wanna be anti-social or grab a drink with a friend without getting hit on by a million bros.Dive bar with good bottled bear selection (not much on top);  but... service was below average for a dive bar.  Had drinks on tab that weren't from our group - and as far as bar food.... Saw mouse coming out of the food store-room in back. (the room between the bathrooms)Love this place.  Divey place with good drinks & great bar food.  Warning - if you during a Bears game, it's super rowdy.Great Dive Bar
Food was great - Cheeseburger / Fries.   Beer was cold.  Service was awesome.
The is a small bar but was packed for the college football games.   I will make sure I go back the next time I am in town.The cook did his job but the waitress forgot to give him my order 30 minutes later. It took her a while to take my order because she was on the phone in front of me ordering drugs from her dealer. She was the rudest waitress I have ever had. I guess she needed her fix. Then shift changed happened and I got a new waitress who wanted to surpass her counterpart. Rude is an understatement. I feel bad for the owners of this place that they have horrible help who drive away paying customers.Visited this spot for the first time... and all I have to say is (smh...) Upon entrance, it seemed like a very small, cool, cute, bar! The music that was playing had a nice vibe, it was also around 4:30 am... so I was happy to find a place still open. As we sat down at the bar, we waited a little for the bartender to get off of the phone before taking our order. He approached and greeted us with " I need to see your ID's" Im thinking, okay cool, lets get that out the way... after giving him my ID in his hand, he returned it by snapping it on the counter... I found that to be rude! But then our visit took a turn for the worse... he asked if we wanted to order food or drinks because the kitchen was closed... ok we will order drinks... My guy ordered a sex on the beach... I asked for a menu. The bartender replied, "The kitchen is CLOSED!" I replied with, " a drink menu." He then says," what do u want, and motioned his hands to display the assortment of liquors behind him. I then began to google "New Orleans drinks" because I wanted something that I hadn't had before, being that Im from about 13 hours drive northeast of LA... Anyway, I ordered the Sazerac.. it was good! Only to find out minutes later that other customers were ordering food... such a disappointment to be treated in this way, the guy had an attitude the entire time that he served us... the other customers were clearly drunk and loud... but even they recipe better service than us... we sat there a while.. watching the grill and fryer continuously make food. Finally he decided that it was time to go, after realizing that we were clearly treated differently. I asked the bartender, " What time does this place close?" He replied obnoxiously, "whenever I feel like it!" If you want a place that has CHEAP drinks... this is the place to go. But if you want an atmosphere that is inviting.. RUN AWAY! Im only giving 2 stars because the drink was good!Lotsa heart for the Saints here, cheap beer, lots of TVs for other games. We were visiting from San Diego and our game was on. Smallish but awesome dive bar.The BEST place to go in the quarter for pre and post adventure food and drinks. The staff is absolutely fan-friggan-tastic--not only do they sling some mean drinks and tasty noms, but they actually remember their patrons. Shout out to Rebecca, Robert, Dennis, Courtney, and Web.
This crew truly makes every visit to New Orleans fantastic.Awesome place!  Love being where the locals are!  Great food and service!  I have NEVER seen a bartender work a bar like this one!  A MUST when in New Orleans!!!Came in with my sleeping 3.5 in a stroller at 2:30 PM. Parked the stroller and sat in the front corner. Got some drinks and ordered food. Over 30 minutes later the food was delivered to our table and the bartender immediately came from behind the bar to our table and rudely said we couldn't be in there with my child. No where on the door does it say no kids allowed. She literally kicked us out. Quickly gave us boxes, told us to pack our food and leave. If I could give this place ZERO stars, I would.Good food nice staff. Takes a while to get service or ordered food but they do only have one cook working a tiny kitchenNo. We were here for NYE and ordered a grilled cheese. You can see the cook off to the the left if you're facing the TVs. We waited over an hour for our order. In the meantime orders came and went, they clearly forgot about us....fine. My husband reminded them about our sandwich and I watched the cook -NO GLOVES - handle RAW CHICKEN BREAST and not wash his hands in between making sandwiches and handling food. He touched raw chicken and then touched bread. I lost my appetite, refused our order, and asked for our $6.50 back. I would've walked away without any money that's how disgusted I was. The bartenders gave us attitude. Good luck tonight with everyone who WILL get food poisoning. Don't come here unless you want a drink at a dive. Unless you want to die or vomit all night I wouldn't recommend ordering food.I don't know what is more disgusting, the cleanliness or the bar or the bartenders attitude. Being that most bartenders rely on tips, I am to assume Riley is pretty broke. Being a local, my friends an I frequent bars in the quarter looking for nice places to just chill after work, have a quick drink, or a bite to eat. Obviously if you know Riley, service will be decent. If not, just leave. She has the worst attitude. Not sure if she is just mad because her career will never exceed this bar or what. Guess I would be upset, too. 
For those who actually read the reviews, just go next door to Backspace. Much better service, environment, etc.We woke up around 3am, having napped after our plantation tours and dinner at a local sweet spot. Bae and I were hungry for food and one more late night haunt before we head back home to Bmore. Jimani's was an accidental find, since our original target's kitchen had already closed. I guess this time of the morning, curiosity and openness go together. Honey had the NOLA Blonde Ale and I had my new favorite concoction: Basil Hayden with Canton Ginger Liqueur and a lime. We toasted to jello shots, our 1st of our 4 days here! I know! Crazy, right? Then we had a burger with PEANUT BUTTER, pepper jack cheese and the usual accoutrements. It was so so so good!!!! Like not tolerable but absolutley delicious. Our bartender Swede, was attentive, charming, and just kind. I don't know if I'd be that nice between 3 and 4 in the morning. We topped off our meal with deep fried Twinkies because, why not? Reading the history of this sacred site made me appreciate the welcoming atmosphere and old school hard rock. The year I was born an unimaginable travesty against humanity occurred. I won't ruin it for you, you can and should Google it. It made me think about how twisted humanity can be, yet reminds me of how beautiful those of us who choose love really are.Okay so I ordered some food for myself while I am at work. I get 30 min for a lunch break like I assume most people in this area do. I didn't get my food until 2 hours after I ordered it. Needles to say I couldn't even enjoy my food. Other then that The food was delicious and I can tell it's all fresh.  I feel bad for the delivery guy I'm sure he gets questioned all the time about how long it takes.The only good thing about this bar...the decorations. Rude bartenders. Incompetent servers. Dry unseasoned frozen reheated food. Overall terrible service.Horrible service with multiple attitudes. Dont seem fond of people of color. BE AWAREWent in last night for a quick bite and a drink as a pregame for more drinking to follow.  My husband got a chicken club and fries, asked for a water and was given a bottle of it.  I ordered a vodka tonic, to which the bartender suggested i get absolut because it was only 50 cents more.  I said that well was fine and she asked again if i would prefer absolut.  I told her again that well was fine.   i don't know what she gave me because when we asked for our check she just told us the price and never gave us a receipt.   The drink tasted strangely unlike vodka or tonic, more like icey water with a lime...  Perhaps it's best to let the bartender upsell to you or just stick with a beer.  
The music was alright (mostly honkytonk classics played by an interesting group of tourists), though it comes from one of the new overpriced computer jukeboxes.  The food was typical bar food, nothing special but not bad.  And despite being somewhat pushy, the bartender was bubbly and seemed to be enjoying themself while the cook was friendly and entertaining.i adore this place simply because of their roast beef hot po boys!i have been going here since 2010 and the place have never changed.i love their music and o can catch a football game and have a decent convo at the same time.Great spot to start your nola day drinking experience or to finish the night. The best late night food in the area, great jukebox and vibe. Things can get crazy sometimes but in a good way! My advice: go in there even if it looks empty and stick around for a while...a visit there it's always worth it, u never now what kind of characters might show up lol have a drink on me, you are welcome cheersI stopped in here last week to hang out and grab a vodka and soda. I liked the bartender as his service was great, he was easy to talk to, and made some stiff drinks. The food was decent as well - I ordered a BLT to go and was satisfied with my food fix for the night. Other +++ - they had UFC on the screen, food after 2am, and it was filled with local servers and waitstaff getting off work and letting loose.  *Four stars because of the fact that they ALLOW SMOKING - no one wants to eat with smoke in their food.Becca is my favorite bartender at the jimani! The rest of the staff is great but becca will have you laughing and having a great time your whole time there! The food is good. That hangover burger is the best in the quarter, the nachos are amazing, pizzas are tasty, and the chicken club is another favorite. My sister swears by the roast beef po boy and the gumbo. You also can't go wrong with broccoli bites even my manager who claims to be a vegetarian will order them even if they have bacon in them. It's a great bar to watch games and fights at and the bathrooms always clean. However, I've seen ungrateful tourists throw fits when their food takes more than 10 minutes- it's a dive bar with one bartender and one cook- they're gonna take care of you, but it's not gonna be McDonald's fast. Great beer selection here as well! They do a lot of charity stuff that locals appreciate! If you go during the day say hi to the daytime cook d.j. Cuz he makes the best burgers!Really cool bartenders. The local crowd is fun and friendly. And, DO NOT MISS AL'S red beans and rice. Its sublime!!! Wiw!Can i do less than one star?? Been goin to the Jimani since 98. Tonight I had my legitimate Identification slapped on the bar back to me and told I would not be served. I had all my cards, wallet, could answer any question she/he had but was not only declined but rudely. I could only laugh and still left he/she a 5 dollar tip. Chart room it is.Sauted shrimp was the BOMB!  They deliver to my work super late and I can't get enough...who would've thought a bar could make something so good and upscale-y....I was surprised!  I usually get their fried corn balls which are delicious w ranch (mmmmmm)....but that po-boy is my new fav over there!  Compliments to ever came up with that po boy over there for sure! 
I haven't been to the bar in awhile, but its laid back...jukebox, food and cheap drinks...This place is a tad harsh, but if you know that walking in to you'll get it.  It makes me think of Confederacy of Dunces 
It serves it's role.  Bartender was on point.   Quick drink and no bullshit.Found this place on a whim trying to find food that was open after 2. They had so many food options I was so happy because I was starving, so it all hit the spot!! We ordered mozzarella sticks, Mac and cheese bites, fried pickles, and garlic fries, all so tasty and just what we needed after a night on bourbon!!The Jimani is a little gem and many thanks to the bartender at CBD Social for sending us this way. I had read many of the reviews posted here as we were having our first drinks and almost convinced my boyfriend that we should leave, but they were one of the few places showing UFC 241. 
We arrived crazy early but sat in the back, once the area cleared we moved to the front of the bar, getting a prime spot, where we planted ourselves for hours. We ordered a couple of beers on tap from the initially standoffish bartender, who we would come to know as Riley. I say initially because Riley ends up being one of the loviest and most friendly bartenders I have encountered. When you first met her, she wants your id without even a hello or a smile, and tells you to order from the bar. Your drinks arrive and she attends to the others coming in or who are already there. But from that moment on, Riley is 100% with you, asking if you need anything else. She consistently scans the bar and floor, attending to other patrons, getting to know each persons name and what they are drinking. 
Then there is the food; The Jimani is a very small bar so I would not have expected the food to be top notch but I was wrong. The cook is outstanding and killing it in his little kitchen area off to the side. Each item ordered was better than the one before; we started with fries, then a chili cheese dog and finished off with nachos. 
This is my first time to New Orleans, I am not a local but I felt very welcomed here; its an establishment I will return too. Cheers!Terrible service with dismissive attitude and the food is just awful.  The pastalaya is a kids order of spaghettios.   The beer prices are low but the volume of the speakers is just ridiculous.  Stay away and go enjoy better food ANYWHERE else.I  was looking for an easy dive bar on our journey through French Quarter, especially considering the high prices of many other places in the area. 
PROS:
-large beer/liquor selection
-many TVs for sports fans. 
-prices were pretty good
CONS:
-music level was all over volume-wise 
-bartender 
           -she was immediately very abrupt and rude upon us sitting down asking for id's and what we wanted. She was also taking shots with clients she either knew or enjoyed. After a while, it appeared as though she was intoxicated and was all over the place. Other customers noticed as well
-the person cooking the food never wore gloves and moved from one task to the other, never once washing his hands. Gross! 
Overall wouldn't go again unless there was different people workingThe female bartender that was working the McGregor fight was extremely rude. She took 4 shots before the fight UTI had started (we arrived at 8:30pm) and another pair told us she had been drinking when they got there at 5pm. She was not assisting her coworker at the bar though he was extremely nice and worked his ass off. I'm seeing some other  negative reviews on her here too so  hopefully this is taken  care of because it's a great bar with a bartender that's clearly trying to run the place.
She kicked out a guy who held his hand up(considerate)because she felt he was rushing her? I told him I think she was just drunk and to wait on the guy that was assisting VERY well that night. We laughed about it and she then refused to serve him? He didn't know why and asked and she said "You can leave" turns to her co-bartender and says "he has to go"...? So luckily the bartender was nice enough to escort him away from her and let him stay. I then asked her why and she said I could leave too. She talked more with her friends and whoever bought her a shot than she cared to help other customers. It was a one bartender night that night with a drunk bartender kicking people out and continuing to take shots.Bartender was nice and the food was good.  We were happy it was open late because we were hungrey after drinking all night.  They had a good selection of beers as well.No frills, tiny dive bar. 
We stopped in briefly during Mardi Gras festivities. This was packed and difficult to navigate due to its narrow floorplan. 
The beer tap list was limited but had at least two locals Louisiana craft beers on tap. We tried them and they were in good shape. In addition, they stocked several other craft beers in a fridge. 
Others in our group got cocktails and everyone seemed to enjoy them. 
In addition, the bartender was outgoing, patient, and got everything right despite the madhouse.Such a cool and fun dive bar! We went for the poboys, specifically the steak poboy. Best one my husband had in New Orleans! The seasoning on the steak is delicious and the bread is super fresh. I stayed Gluten Free and ordered a bun-less hangover burger with a side of their salt seasoned fries. So freakin' delicious!! WOW, I couldn't finish it because it was a generous sized burger with sauted onions, delicious bacon, mushrooms, cheddar cheese, topped with a fried egg...really...wowza!  
The atmosphere at the bar is laid back and so much fun. Lots of locals walking in and out all night! I really enjoyed the raucous music and the singing that would break out randomly when it struck anyone's fancy.Fun little bar in the FQ. Nice bartenders, good moderately priced drinks, good food selection and an awesome juke box. Good amount of seating and clean bathrooms.
I enjoy a bar that can also offer some tasty bites at odd hours of the night. After a marathon night you just might need a solid meal to keep the wheels turning. Who knew the human body can't run on vodka alone. 
The bar always has a mixed crowd. It's also dog friendly.This bar was right up my alley. Dive bar feel but with Great food, Nhl center ice package, and awesome music. 
The wings were delicious, I wish I got 3 orders. For my meal, I got the hang ova burger. It was perfect. Perfect combination of ingredients, and flavors. 
The beer selection is good and they even have bucket specials as well. 
All and all, a great place to get some beers and food.Great pub/bar, you can dress up or go casual.  We are from out of town but seems like one of those great locals spots!! Riley treated us like we were family and service was phenomenal. We ordered some apps and nachos are not your typical nachos but these are really really good!!!TERRIBLE service. My boyfriend and I were here to watch a basketball game on tv. We weren't expecting much since this bar is in the French Quarter, but this was a below average experience even for crappy New Orleans bar. We had a woman bartender who was extremely attentive, nice, and interactive to all of her friends who were taking up all of the seats at the main bar and she was the complete opposite to us. She would not make eye contact, ignored our orders (when the bar wasn't that busy), and snapped at us multiple times all while we were polite and asking the very minimum of her. We left after one drink because our experience was so awful.The food was great, the wait for it wasn't. Some big family ordered like a dozen meals to go/pick up and there was only one cook, so we had to wait almost an hour for our food.Blah blah blah.... at end of bar blabbing forever 
Hey look up! Survey your patrons. Guy next to me was empty as well
Less time BS-ing and make money for your owner Ms "Disrespected"
Bar-tending "tending"..... yup it's a bit of a hustle.... alert the mediaIf you're in the French Quarter, you have many more  options you should take advantage of, this shouldn't be one of them. The female bartender is openly rude, hostile and aggressive and the male bartender supports her in that behavior. She spent the majority of the time we were there taking shots with customers next to us which didn't help her demeanor. She tried to throw a guy out of the bar for simply waving at her, which she tried to justify by saying she has to put up with so much - well honey, you're a bartender in New Orleans, you should have an idea of what to expect going into the job. The bouncer seems like a reasonable guy but if you'd like to have a good night, I'd suggest you try one of the many other bars around the area.So this is a small dive bar, a group of us found while walking around.  We figured it would be good because the menu had a little bit of everything and wasn't too pricey like many other places around.
There were 6 of us and we were able to get in and get a table which many small places around there couldn't do.  Two of us ordered the peanut butter bacon burger which I'd never heard of before.  We were willing to try it and I'm glad I did!  It is just what it sounds like....and heaven in my mouth!  I'd never thought of that combo before but it definitely works!  Others in our group had buffalo chicken poboys, pasta, and nachos.  All were delicious!  I gotta give it up to the cook who has just a small hole to cook in.  There were only him and the bartender working.  She was fantastic!  Not only was she friendly and cute but she was multitasking like a pro!  The bar was pretty full when we were there and she was bartending, taking food orders, delivering food, cleaning tables, just running things!
On top of that, Jimani has a good drink selection.  I had the mystery mixer which was delicious as well as a jello shot.  My buddies tried some beers on tap.  All in all, it was a great experience and I wished I could have stayed longer.Things place is great. I don't drink beer but found plenty of options and the anchors are the best I've had in a bar probably EVER!Local here ! Walked in with friends who are also locals. Was just looking for a quick bite and drink...walked in and was greeted with disdain. There was no "hi" it was just "I need to see id's" started to give Id's and the female bartender made a smart remark about "seeing faces." She then engages in a conversation with two patrons who were already at the bar...speaking about my friends and I...as if we were not there to hear exactly what they were saying. Clearly, she knew the two patrons. We left without ordering anything. Place wasn't full, seems to be for good reason. 
Disgusting person/attitude can ruin an entire experience. 
ZERO STARS.This place used to be my 'second home' a few years back. It is sad, I know. But when you work in the French Quarter you're likely to end up in a neighborhood bar after an exhausting day. And, when they treat you good and give you $2.25 Jaeger shots... You become regular. This place is open almost 24-7, has a full bar and a really extensive beer list. The food is really good, too!What a great DIVE I stumbled upon with a friend featuring an outrageous menu. On this occasion I had a very good appetizer of jalapeo poppers stuffed with cheese and crabmeat. The burgers looked great and their is one on the menu for a real true believer. Late night, hungry and a little drunk this is a good spot.Ahh the Jimani... it's probably been a couple of decades since I last stepped inside. It's just one of those corner bars that are just there in the FQ. Good spot to hang out and chat with your friends and chill for a bit.
Drinks are relatively cheap for the FQ and service can be hit or miss. But that's about what I expect from a dive. 
I stopped in on Saturday night with a friend who was curious about the spot. It felt weird to be just in a bar but I guess we'll all be doing this again soon... 
Disappointingly or maybe predictably mask wearing was spotty. The bartender wore her mask when my friend (maybe because he was wearing his as was I) ordered our drinks but wasn't doing so consistently. Other patrons were in varying degrees of unmasked to chin straps to masks on their wrists. 
We stayed for a few and sipped our drinks and then moved on.In my opinion, this place serves up the best burgers in New Orleans. It's small, but it has a friendly atmosphere. Music plays on the jukebox, while multiple televisions display sports channels. Located in the French Quarter, it is not far from Canal Street. I make sure to visit every time I am in town.If you're local, this is probably you're place.
The bartender (Riley) had open disdain for anyone she didn't know.  And her off-duty friend was at the bar actively telling customers (sweet old man and his wife) that they weren't "acting properly".
Dude at the end of the bar got amazing service.  Hey all knew him by name.  Everyone else was an annoyance.
(I'll amend my review if these ribs are amazing.  Dude from the kitchen was very nice)
First real-time review, btw.  Ugh.  I just want out of this place.
Frequent traveler from out of town.Hooookay so here is the truth about The Jimani.... you gotta go there!!! We got a crazy cool history of the place from our very knowledgeable and lovely bartender, Chelsea! And the drinks were ON POINT. Seriously. Check out this place. It's in a great location and and the staff is super friendly.If you're local, this is probably you're place.
The bartender (Riley) had open disdain for anyone she didn't know.  And her off-duty friend was at the bar actively telling customers (sweet old man and his wife) that they weren't "acting properly".
Dude at the end of the bar got amazing service.  Hey all knew him by name.  Everyone else was an annoyance.
(I'll amend my review if these ribs are amazing.  Dude from the kitchen was very nice)
First real-time review, btw.  Ugh.  I just want our of this place.
Frequent traveler from out of town.Looked for a lunch spot that was quick, delicious and didn't have a wait. Walked into the Jimani, say at the bar and I did not regret it. The vibe is great, the drink selection is impressive and the bartender Alice was nice, knowledgeable and has excellent taste in tunes.
I ordered the Gooey Grilled Cheese with cheddar and mozz (but you can choose!) and fries. It was a delicious lunch. Fries were crispy and the cheese was in fact Gooey. 
Would recommend!The best thing about this bar is that it's cheap. We came here on 2 different days. The first day we  had a great bartender. We didn't get her name but she had tattoos, a full sleeve and a half sleeve. The second day we unfortunately had a rude bartender. She was a heavy set girl with dark hair. She was rude from the get-go. We ordered one drink each and left due to her rude customer service.Went here for the burgers we heard so much about. Eh. We ordered medium rare, it cam out well done. The place itself is a dive bar, good music, got a seat right away to people watch, but the food was really nothing to get excited about. Our bartender/waitress was busy chatting up a customer, so it took a while to get her attention.Divey and good for a French quarter bar. Bartender was  cool. Food was decent and the kitchen stays open late. Diverse crowd makes for good people watching. One or two blocks off of Canal in case you do not want to go too deep in the French Quarter. prices were not bad either as the place seems to be frequented by a fair amount of locals.Food is alright, nothing special.  The dude bartender takes his job way too serious. Super rude. I would skip this bar and keep walking up the block go get friendly customer service.What an absolute Sh*thole, dirty and horrible customer service by the female bartender. So when we first walk in it was hardly anyone in the place and the bartender was just cleaning the table my party of 4 wanted to seat at. 
After a short wait the bartender never came over, so I ventured to the bar and politely asked for some food menus. The bartender snapped back with instant attitude requesting our ID's just for food menus and not sitting at the bar? So I gave her my ID and then had to gather my parties ID's and then she flung the menus onto the bar like I was a dog playing fetch. 
So after reviewing the menu we waited roughly 20 minutes for the female bartender to come over which she never did. So after returning to the bar and asking about service she tells me that you order at the bar. So I had to return to my party and get their order and then return to the bar once again. She takes the order, food shows up and half the orders were either missing something or not ordered at all. 
Finally I try to close the tab and requested to see the tab before processing my credit card, because frankly I didn't trust she would or wouldn't charge me for something extra. At that point she decided to take her good old time running my credit card by heading to the opposite side of the bar where her friends were talking and enjoying themselves while occasionally glancing over too me and then back to carrying on with her friends. 
So the moral of this story is if you want everything New Orleans is NOT this is the place to be.Could be a cool hangout, service was
Crappy tonight but the bar was full and we got not so good seats off to the side. May have been difficult for the server to accommodate.WORST SERVICE EVER!!! Came here after another bar to kill some time and get some drinks. The bartender refused to serve my friend because her ID was "expired" meanwhile it didn't expire for a few days. When he asked for mine he was like "whoops so is yours" and literally throws it back at me. It didn't expire for another month and when I pointed this out he was like "well people make mistakes."  No apology or anything ... and then proceeded to ask what we wanted to drink with the worse attitude. Needless to say we took our service elsewhere.Bartender makes a mean screwdriver! I spent most of my day watching college football on the screens while she kept my glasses flowing. I wanted to try the food because it had been recommended by many other bartenders on our walks throughout NOLA.My friend and I walked in here to grab a drink and walked out without ever being helped. The bartender looked at us as we walked in, but she did not greet us. We sat down at the bar and grabbed two menus from a stack on the bar. We perused the menu and sat waiting to be helped for about 10 minutes. No one who worked there ever looked at us, spoke to us, took our order, etc. Eventually we left and went to The Backspace Bar next door and had a much better experience.The Jimani became our go-to bar during our spring break in New Orleans! Rebecca (the bartender) was the bomb and made us feel
like we were locals. The beer and liquor selection was on point and the apps were delicious (the meat pies, crawfish balls). They also had a great selection of sports on tv. If you want a local feel and friendly peeps, come here! Tell them Ghost sent you.If you're local, this is probably you're place.
The bartender (Riley) had open disdain for anyone she didn't know.  And her off-duty friend was at the bar actively telling customers (sweet old man and his wife) that they weren't "acting properly".
Dude at the end of the bar got amazing service.  They all knew him by name.  Everyone else was an annoyance.
(I'll amend my review if these ribs are amazing.  Dude from the kitchen was very nice)
First real-time review, btw.  Ugh.  I just want our of this pla
Frequent traveler from out of town.Open and cool vibe. Our bartender was awesome. Layer back atmosphere and all the people were real chill in house. Great place for a good cold beer selection and just fun people.We stayed at the Marriott across the street and this place was perfect! We came here almost every night. Sweeney the bartender was great! He made sure our cup was full and was very attentive. The bar was clean and laid back. Jukebox in the back where you can choose some music. Sweeney booked us up with some chili cheese fries and hot dog and killed it! Definitely hit the spot. We will def come back!This stop was just so-so. It is a neat looking bar with a lot of character, but there are limited options. They only have three beers on tap, consisting of abita and blue moon. It is definitely a dive bar and very dark inside with a lot of interesting characters.  The bartender was nice and quick at getting us our drinks. We did not try any of the food there.Overpriced fried food. Bearded bartender is a hypocritical ass hole. Avoid if you can.Great for late-night bites when most kitchens around the French Quarter are closed. Conveniently located to Canal Street hotels when you need to drop your bags and hurry up to get that long-awaited first New Orleans meal of this trip. Start with the crawfish bites, perfectly fried with tasty dipping sauce. Entree: Cheeseburger for her and Sauteed BBQ shrimp Po'Boy for me paired with ice cold Abita 30*90 in cans.I won't put much effort into this review. Female bartender sucks and she pretty much ruined the experience for us. On to the next bar..Want to a place where you can see all the games, for any sport, in New Orleans?  Well here it is!  Great bar with large beer selection and a staff that is looking to have fun while they are working.  Owner from Chicago - so you know this is great neighborhood bar!
In the five days that we were there, every day I ended up in this place.  I was on vacation...so no lectures.  Cocktails are inexpensive and the place is frequented by the bartenders and servers who work in the quarter.  Sit there for a bit - and someone will start a conversation with you.  We got several great restaurant recommendations while we were there.  People in the food industry know their food!
Next time I'm there - I will definitely hang out there.  A little bit of Chicago in New Orleans....I felt right at home.