Raspberry Mojito was strong and good.  Calypso beef tacos were excellent.  The location is great.  I wouldn't come here for the ambiance or to find anything super original, but from what I could tell, everyone at my table enjoyed their food, and the tortilla chips were fresh and delicious.  I would recommend it for a quick snack and a drink before heading out for the night.I come here every time I'm on magazine! Which is quite often! The flaked fish and the chopped shrimp tacos are divine: and I always have a Jamaican me crazy cocktail. Joel is an awesome bartender and remembers me and provides great service every time. Great staff, great food and always on point no matter how slammed or busy they get. I love the environment and will always come back for more!I have never been disappointed here. To be fair, I have only ever ordered the tacos, but I just can't make myself order anything else because they're so freaking good! I choose different ones every time, but the brisket one and the chopped shrimp one are my favorites. The polenta is a delicious side item and the veggies are to die for. As for your beverage, let me recommend their margarita. Like, the tacos, I can't make myself order anything else while here. They have plenty of indoor seating as well as some picnic tables outside. Oh, and the location on Magazine Street can't be beat!Really yummy quesadillas, appetizers, and has a variety of tacos with different toppings. Good place to get lunch with a group.The lines are long for a reason. One particular Tuesday I ordered four tacos and two coronas while spening $14 including tip. The tacos are ecletic and the variety allows everyone to find something to their liking. The flat bread was so so I would stick to tacos the scallops and carolina Q are my favorites but all are good. 
The vibe is laid back amd typical New Orleans.Taco Tuesday!  $2 per taco = amazing!
Service was fantastic! Our waitress was so kind and told us about the Taco Tuesday thing. She was checking in is to make sure we like our food and drinks were filled at all time!
This was not my first time there. I love this place every time and each time is just better than the previous time.
This time I ordered the Seared Scallop, crispy fish, Calypso Beef and the Duck tacos. They were sooo good and individually designed.Rum House is a Carribean inspired taqueria in uptown New Orleans. This place is worth the wait and travel from the atmosphere, food and of course loving servers. The establishment previously hosted $2 Tacos on Tuesday, which had the whole city coming out. There was a recent change made to the menu. There are now more different types of tacos( now $3 on Tuesday and including vegan options) and more variety with the appetizers. The frozen margarita is what you will want after a long hard day, or if you just want to relax and chill you're night away.So yummy! The taco options are vast and amazing. We had the nachos with brisket instead of pulled pork (they have queso on them too!!) and a lamb vindaloo taco and calypso beef taco. Good plantains, good mashed potatoes, good selection of cocktails. Great ambience with music and decor, outside seating too!Try the mango avocado dip it was ridiculously delicious. The damn good nachos are really fulfilling.I came here earlier today to have lunch with my friend and we had the Queso and chips, Guacamole Mango 'dip', the Tuna Ceviche, Jerk Chicken and Black Beans quesadillas, and the Chili Glazed taco. Everything was delicious and our waitress was amazing! Makes me hungry for more ceviche!This place deserves a full 5 Stars. Delicious tacos, so many unique varieties. Drinks great,  and service wonderful. Perfect!Any time I'm looking for a place to go to for Taco Tuesday I know that I can count on Rum House. Their tacos are absolutely delicious, and there's a great variety of tacos that cater to meat eaters, pescatarians, vegetarians, and vegans! They have a large menu, and there is something for everyone. The service is great, which is always a plus! If you're conflicted on choosing a side, then I recommend  the Mac and cheese and cornbread dressing.We ate here on Oct. 31, 2014.  This is a GREAT find on Magazine Street in Uptown.  It bills itself as a Caribbean-style taco restaurant, but is more than that.  This place is very popular, with indoor and patio (sidewalk) seating.  Food was very good -- more taco varieties than I can list (my wife had the chopped shrimp taco, Calypso taco and Rib Taco, and I had a two-taco combo).  A very good option for lunch when spending a day antique and boutique shopping on Magazine Street.Where do I begin? Delicious food, awesome drinks or the friendliest server on the earth? We were there last week while visiting from Boston and oh my did we hit the jackpot. We got there right in time for their happy hour and ordered their house margarita and the pain killer (our server recommended these and they were oh so good). What we really liked there was the option to choose your own tacos and get it in the combo of two or three with sides. We ordered the veggie, fish and chicken tacos with mashed potatoes and mac and cheese and on my goodness we were in heaven! The drinks were so good that we ended up ordering it back again. Definitely a place we will go back if visiting again and are sure to recommend it to our friends and family!!This is my all time favorite restaurant. I went to college in New Orleans and The Rum House has to be one of the best parts of getting to live there for 4 years. 
The Damn Good Nachos are irrefutably the best nachos you will ever eat in your entire life. And I would know, I've eaten my fair share of nachos. They "technically" are meant to feed between 4-6 people, but I've split and finished them with one other person on multiple occasions and am not ashamed of it. They really are that good. 
Their taco trifecta is also unreal and their sides are amazing too. Highly recommend the polenta, coconut mango rice, or plantains. 
All of their drinks are spot on too. 
They don't take reservations and they're always crowded so be prepared to wait around for a little bit. Totally worth it though and you can pass the time at the bar with a marg.What a nice restaurant! Many young people. Good food and service! The Pollo Asado is pretty good. The Coconut Mango rice is awesome! I loved it. The other dishes looked good and my family liked it a lot. The banana breadpudding and the chocolate molted cake are yummy too! It's just a bit too loud in thereMy man and I decided to switch things up and try The Rum House.  We went for lunch on a Friday.  When we walked in we found that we were the only patrons...usually not a good sign.  We glanced at each other, put on a brave face and decided to go for it.  The hostess sat us inside next to the windows (it was overcast with a chance of rain so we didn't want to sit outside).  Our table was perfect for people watching and Magazine always has interesting things to see.   I ordered a rum punch for two reasons - first, you just have to at a rum house and second, if the food stinks at least I have a yummy cocktail.  Much to our relief, people started to float in and the place started filling up.  So we relaxed and felt a little more confident in our lunch choice.  We wanted to try the tacos so we ordered the jerk chicken, Cuban pork and flaked fish.  All were really, really tasty!  I think the jerk chicken was my favorite.  The habanera mango salsa was delish.  We also had the jalapeno coleslaw but I felt it was lacking jalapenos.  Overall we really enjoyed the food at The Rum House, the rum punch made me happy and the atmosphere was fun.  We'll try this one again!!The food here was great! A fun menu with choices sure to please everyone. The taco variety is traditional to eclectic. I enjoyed the brisket and the chopped shrimp tacos.  Loved the sauces! My dinner came with either two sides or a side salad. I substituted the spinach salad which was delicious with goat cheese and candied pecans . Very reasonable, fresh and delicious! The only  down side is its a bit noisy but the food and service were wonderful!Great restaurants always have a long wait rum house is no different . Put your name on the list and head straight to the bar the margaritas and rum drinks are some if the best on magazine if not the entire city . Once you get a table the service is quick and very helpful with all of the selections of tacos to choose from .  My favorite on the menu are the nachos ( which are  huge and can feed three people ) the mango avocado dip is the best thing I have ever put on a chip . My favorite taco is the Carolina and the brisket . Simply a great restaurant but like I said just be prepared to wait but it is very well worth itAwesome food. Worth the one hour wait.  We loved all the starters, the queso was definitely the show stealer. I loved the mango salsa. Yummmmmm! My friend ordered the seafood pepper pot nd loved it. Another friend loved island steak. Perfect in her words. I loved the chicken roti I ordered. Pretty spicy and nice. By the time tacos arrived we were pretty full, still enjoyed the lamb vindaloo and jerk chicken tacos. Do try the pawpaw sauce. It's soooooo good. The server was very friendly too. The decor is pretty nice too.Highly recommended. Just remember, the portions are pretty huge!Terrific tacos.  Great drinks. Lots of places to sit (inside and out). Good for kids (despite the name).So bomb! Our favorite place! We were visiting NOLA from Los Angeles and went to this place twice in a week because it was so good. So much flavor in their tacos and the meat is cooked perfectly. The place has a cool funky vibe to it and the drinks are great too. If your ever in NOLA, The Rum House is a mustThis place is not good. There were 6 of us so we got to try a variety of unsatisfying dishes. All so incredibly bland I don't understand how they can call this place Caribbean. 
The shrimp with creamy red curry sauce had no taste. Big nice shrimp surrounded by a tasteless very heavy sauce. The mahi mahi fingers were so deep fried there was no recognizable fish in there. The tacos were mehhh... And the jerk chicken was dry and had no jerk flavor. The mashed potato was so salty it was inedible. It was all so bland too, no spice at all. 
To add the service was poor and slow. Try getting a refill on a coffee and you will experience frustration. Cream with your coffee? Nah ahh.What a fun restaurant! We made our way through for lunch and it was so delicious. Their specialty rum drinks reminded so much of the island. It truly brought me back to the vacations there.
My favorite was their curry gulf shrimp entree. The curry sauce was out of this world tasty. The shrimp were cooked perfectly. I dream of that dish from time to time now that I'm home.It has a great happy hour. Probably one of the best on Magazine St. I was disappointed to see that they did not have food specials for happy hour. I ended up having a tuna salad it was ok nothing special. The service is great and the atmosphere is most inviting of all the little restaurants on that strip.This place never disappoints me. Wonderful food, drinks and people. I love The Rum House!Looking for a cool hang out with cool drinks? Rum House is your place :) We stopped here for lunch on our walk on Magazine St. in the garden district. Had a regular mojito and some jerk chicken which was delicious!We are from S.F. and had dinner here last night. Excellent service and food. What a great menu of eclectic tacos! Excellent!Accommodated my football game. Great waiter. Queso was A+. Tacos were fresh. Drinks were good. Would come back.The Mahi fingers are easily in my top 5 apps ever.  Great drinks, fantastic food, and attentive service.The drinks are REALLY good here, try the Painkiller! The food was very good, lots to choose from. We had tacos, fried plantains, greens, black beans with chorizo, shrimp... Everything was really good! Only thing I was disappointed in was the jerk chicken taco-Not much jerk flavor to it.My A-OK is a shout out to all of you that are going to The Rum House for Taco Tuesday. I would say that it definitely was NOT worth an hour and a half wait. While waiting I enjoyed a margarita, which was delicious. I started on a mojito, but it was so unsavory. The mint wasn't muddled, the sugar to soda ratio was off, and if it wouldn't have been so crowded I would have just returned it to the bar and had another margarita. Once we were seated I would have to say the noise level was ridiculous. It's not that I don't appreciate the rumble of a good crowd, but it was nearly impossible to hear anyone at the table. On a separate note, and maybe after being a bit tired after our long wait, it was frustrating to see how many empty or not filled tables there were in the joint. We would have done the communal seating thing, as this is not the place to go for romance. I digress. Let me get to the tacos. We sampled twelve. Most of which were delicious! The seared scallop, calypso beef, and brisket were my favorite. My least favorite were the tacos with coleslaw, as they tasted too much like smelly armpits. Overall, I would say visit this place it is worth a try, and if you go on a Tuesday get there super early. Oh, and do not get the mojito.Dined in yesterday for "taco Tuesday" the food as always was phenomenal. I had the calypso beef, duck, and fish tacos paired with the black bean and chorizo. It was extremely busy, but the service was great and the food came in a timely manner we were in and out within an hour!Best taco menu ever. Great service. Good location. Very creative. Huge selection of rums.My sister, a Tulane student, absolutely loves this place. She took us when we were visiting and it did not disappoint. 
We ordered the mango guacamole to start. It was everything you could want in good chips and guac: creamy guac, fresh salty chips. My only gripe is that you couldn't really taste the mango even though there was some on top. 
I ordered the Two Dat with a calypso beef taco and the flaked mahi mahi taco. They were soooo good. The calypso beef had amazing flavor. The mahi mahi came with delicious tartar sauce and some kind of onion jam. 
I got the rum house salad on the side, and it was also fantastic. Goat cheese, spinach, sweet potatoes, pecans... Yum. 
The seating area inside is really noisy and the outside is really hot and humid (obviously), but that's sort of to be expected because you're in New Orleans and it's a bar! The service was excellent-- our waitress was so sweet, prompt, and friendly. I would definitely come back the next time I'm in NOLA.Rum house is awesome and I go here all of the time, especially if I have friends visiting from out of town.  It has a cool, funky local vibe and the food is very flavorable; I highly recommend it.  On Tuesdays they have $2 tacos and beers, but it gets really crowded so it's better to go late at night.  In general Rum House can be crowded but often if you sit outside there isn't a wait.  They have great drink specials everyday from 5-7pm, I usually get the house margarita but I've also had the mojitos which are excellent.  For food, I like to get the two dat combo where you pick two tacos from a long list of great options, and you two sides (I like the beer battered crispy fish, and I recommend the plantains or mango coconut rice as a side).  I've also had the crab melt sandwich (amazing), and the fish of the day.  Getting the fish of the day was a little more expensive but it was fresh and definitely worth it.Very good carribean cuisine..make great martinis, seafood curry was excellent. Will revist. Ambience was great..service OKRemember remember the 5th of November? Ehh, I don't either.... But this place sucked.
I live in Uptown and drive by this "popular eatery" daily with lines often extending into street. I think that is only for the drink specials because the food was nuttin good, na what I'm sayin?? The tacos are tiny and come with their special "Hairy Larry" sauce which is a combination of ranch and burnt hair....Waitress was nice, but the food was not.I've been here tons of times and I swear I never get time of it. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants. I usually get the "Two Dat". The beef calypso is one of my favorites. My two regular side items are the smothered green and polenta.Guacamole = the best (and I'm a snob)
House salad = perfectly dressed, just enough cheese, delicious sweet potato morsels
Moscow Mule = so gingery. Yum!I'd not have gone to this place had I not read a reco by a local NOLA.  The name is a bit misleading since I'd have passed it up for a drinking place and not realize the awesome food this place serves up at reasonable prices.  I got the platter that included 4 tacos, a side, and the menu said a 'pattie' which turned out to be an empanada (forgot the spelling of this fried thing with curry meat filling.   There were 10+ choices of tacos and it was so hard to choice as all seemed so good.  The scallop taco was awesome as it has really fresh and big scallops in it.  The pork mole was really tasty.  I was so glad to have gotten the 4 taco platter instead of the 2 or 3 version.  I got the black beans as my side and it was very filling.  For $20 (incl tx and tip), I got a lot of food.   Just come hungry or else you can't try all the diff tacos.Got recommended this place from someone who knew we were visiting from California. I guess being from California means you only love tacos and must eat tacos anywhere you go, hence The Rum House!
But forewarning for all of us who have had a real taco, these are definitely not legit tacos- but they are good in their own right. They are Caribbean fusion tacos and I appreciated them for what they are. 
Now that we had that disclaimer out of the way, let's move onto the food. 
For starters, we had the calamari and the sweet potato fritters. Calamari, as I have said multiple times before, it is difficult to mess up this dish. It is the chicken tenders of the sea. Pro tip, ask for lemon because apparently nobody here douses their seafood in lemon juice. As far as the fritters go, those were delicious! I was a huge fan of them and did not expect to be. 
I had the two taco combination plate- it came with two sides and your choice of any two tacos. I went with the oyster taco and the fried fish- both were good. I enjoyed them- but once more, it's a fusion taco, folks. If I had to choose which between the two I liked better, I would go with the latter. For my sides, I got the plantains and the polenta. The polenta was whatever, but oh the plantains were to die for. If you love plantains, please do yourself a favor and order them. 
I did not indulge in the HH specials, but they exist and are worth the gander because the drinks look big. Also, coming from California, a $2 drink is almost unheard of. 
Overall, I was not extremely impressed, but it was a fun place to check out. I don't think I would go out of my way to come here again and would be willing to try a different place off Magazine the next time I am in town. I really would only go back for the plantains, and that's just because I have an obsession with plantains.Mighty food. Seafood pepper pot was simply magnificent. Thanks to Molly for her very personal service. Great place altogether! Oh - and the bread pudding blew my bollix. Thank you house.I've lived in the LGD for almost three years, I've always enjoyed the environment at the Rum House but have been making it a weekly "family dinner" spot since February.
Their $2 taco night make it a great value for mixed groups and the food is delicious. (I enjoy eating around the menu) There is a manager named Eric that is always so patient and helpful and the rest of the staff is smiley and happy. 
Favorites: oyster and scallop taco, crab sandwich and black bean + plantainsGreat Spot! My brother recently moved to New Orleans and I came along for the ride. I have to say this neighborhood is much cozier and friendlier than the french quarters.
We saw a sign that said happy hour, plus I really had to pee so we popped in. The rum drinks were great! We each got one in to go cups. I LOVE that Louisiana allows alcohol to go cups. California really needs to get on board with that.
We weren't planning on eating anything since we were all stuffed from doing nothing but eat all day in the French Quarters. But once I looked at the awesome taco choices I had to order something. That something turned into 3 somethings... cuz they had a deal... and being Chinese you are programmed to always go for the deal. So I stuffed my face with three very awesome tacos. I highly recommend the Scallops!!!! If I wasn't so full I woulda ordered another plate of scallop tacos. Sooo good.Great location, nice decor, outdoor seating, sports on TV, large bar, friendly servers. 
I had heard from many people how great the food is here, and what great tacos they have here. It's ALWAYS packed when I drive by, even in the "off season". 
I expected great food. 
That being said, it was just "ok" for me. 
THE FOOD: 
For appetizers, we had Damn Good Nachos..the menu says...
A Biggs Favorite! Pulled pork, black beans, jalapeños, tomatoes, red onion, lime cream, cilantro and tons of melted cheese.
It was a big hit at the table, and the melted cheese was delicious. The only drawback for me were the chips. Too thin and tasteless. 
We also had calamari.  The dip was ok, the calamari was chewy and didnt have a lot of flavor. 
For my main entree, I got the Trifecta.  3 tacos and a side. I chose the brisket, pork mole, and lamb vindaloo. 
The brisket meat was tender and tasty, and I got a taste of some good bbq sauce.
The lamb vindaloo was surprisingly lacking in lamb flavor. I really had to struggle to distinguish it from just a beef flavor.
The pork mole was also not great. I didn't taste mole, and the meat was not real flavorful. 
I gotta talk about the tortillas. 
Bad. Small. Tasteless. Cold. 
I hate when places use the stupid "taco stand". I think restaurateurs think it makes a classy, neater appearance on the plate, but I think it just covers up a lack of ingredients in the tortilla.
For my side, I had the Roasted Poblano And Manchego Polenta. It has good flavor but a weird consistency and was cold. I don't know if that was the intent.
I WILL say there were 7 others in my party, and everyone else thought it was great. (Novices, lol!!)
I expected more. 
FOR ME..I'd give the food 2 stars. Decent for a tourist spots. Probably pretty consistent.  Since it was a cool spot, and everyone else liked it, I'll boost that up to 3 stars.Great food and drink options. I would have given 5 stars but I was really disappointed with the quantity of filling in the vegetarian tacos. They were half as stuffed as the meat filled ones my husband ordered.  Usually restaurants overcompensate if you order vegetarian, this one did the opposite. Wish I had taken a photo to show the difference.Best seafood tacos ever! We will definitely be returning here every year for our annual NOLA trips. It was a bit crowded and we had a long wait but it was well worth it. Great drinks if you can find a spot at the bar while waiting on a table. I was a bit skeptical about the 'meat pocket' that came with the tacos but was pleasantly surprised after tasting it. I think about that meal at least once a month!The food was ok but small portions for the price. The drinks however were great and the atmosphere was fun. Definitely a cool soot to hang with your friends and chill and have some drinks, but not the best food. It's located in a great spot to walk around and check out the local stores and shops.We started out with the avocado mango dip which was fresh guac with little pieces of mango stirred in.  How come nobody ever thought of that before?  What really made it so tasty was the chips.  They were thin and crispy and not greasy at all.  Everything was perfectly seasoned.  
Then we ordered a bunch of stuff we didn't need, like an extra side of mac and cheese and the corn and crab chowder.  The chowder was not hot and was really unremarkable.  Don't be tempted by the tasty sounding name.  Plus we were hard-pressed to find a significant amount of crab in the mix.  The mac and cheese was really dry and blah.  
For my main entree I ordered "Two o'dem" two tacos, chopped shrimp and seared scallop!  Amazing!  There were so many to choose from and I believe I made the right choice!  The seafood was fresh and perfectly cooked.
My favorite side was the polenta.  I wish we would have gotten an extra side of the polenta instead of the mac and cheese which was nothing to write home about.  
Overall the service was OK.  Glad we stopped by.One of my favorite places to eat in NOLA!  I always get the frozen margaritas and the duck and shrimp tacos!  The sweet potato chips are life!Love this place. Gets a little crowded but that is cause it's good!I have eaten the Jerk Chicken Taco's, Chicken Quesadillas and the Trinidad Chicken Roti...All very good. Also try a painkiller..they are great!We came here based off many suggestions from locals. Let's just say they did not disappoint! We went for taco Tuesday which makes all the tacos $2. We got the fried oyster, duck, the Carolina, and the calypso taco. They were all beyond delicious. Our server Daisy was welcoming and informative as well. I suggest stopping here if you can. It's well worth it. Out side seating  was nice and shaded too!The food is much better than expected. Had the beef as well as scallop tacos with sides of mashed potatoes and mac'n'cheese. Will absolutely come back. 
Service was a bit lackadaisical and the server seemed put off that we already had drinks from the bar, then ordered only water once we were seated. But the wait was 45 mins and we'd already had our drinks. 
The food more than made up for it. Try the tacos!This place came highly recommended and even though the wait was long it was worth it. We were told the wait was an hour but we only waited about 30 minutes. It was Taco Tuesday so draft beers and all tacos on the menu were only $2- SCORE. We tried several tacos and they were all delicious. The drinks were good as well.This place is so fun! The atmosphere is great, very Caribbean. The food and drinks are fantastic and creative, not your run of the mill tacos and nachos. They have great happy hour specials and tacos are only $2 on Tuesday! Stay away from the overcrowded French Quarter and check out this gem instead.Started with NOLA 7th street wheat beer - awesome choice! Each of us had the "Two Dat Combo". I had the calypso beef taco with fresh guacamole and a Mahi Mahi fish and grilled asparagus taco along with the Rum House Salad. Devoured the tacos and salad. The salad was a mix of greens topped with roasted sweet potato chunks, shaved red onion, toasted pecans and julienned beets with a sweet curry dressing. Hubby had the calypso beef taco and the pulled pork mole taco along with mango sticky rice and roasted poblano & manchego cheese polenta. The rice was good but the polenta was the bomb! Creamy with that poblano bite! Delicious!!!This has to be one of my favorite restaurants in the Irish Channel.  Some very tasty menu options with my favorite being the ribs.  The food is not cheep but it's not over priced either.  The staff is typically fast and courteous and the decor is pretty cool.  If I had one complaint it would be the waiting time to get a table during peek hours, however, I guess I'm not the only one who likes this resturant and I can live with the wait.  It's at least worth checking out to see what you think for yourself.Good food at a good price seemed authentic but it definitely doesn't feel authentic in the restaurant get the fried oyster and steak tacos are delish.I aimed for, and thought we had asked for a table at the next door Red Dog Diner and only after ordering discovered that we were at the Rum House. The food turned out to be excellent, moderately priced and with great service! And al fresco dining on the same obnoxiously busy street as the diner next door. All good!Awesome!!!! Finally ate here and was knocked off my feet. Everyone must go and bring friends. Food was phenomenal and so was service. Will be back to try more on menu.The kitchen needs better ventilation so I don't reek like a giant burrito after I leave.  Besides that the Rum House is great.  Cheap, good food and good drinks.  Also a bushwacker would go well with the painkillers.Me and my friend went there close to closing time, since we didn't know at what time they closed, when we got to the door we saw it was 10 pm but we still had 15 minutes so we decided to at least go in for a drink, we sat at the bar and the girl behind the bar asked us in a really rude way "do y'all need a drink menu?" , never even offer the food menu or even explained that they were closing and that the kitchen was already closed (which was not because we saw a server taking an order when we walked in), after we order she brought our drinks maybe 3 minutes after, I asked for a to go cup and we left. It felt like she was rushing us out, she didn't want to serve us, I understand that we walked in 15 minutes before closing but she could of easily explain to us they were about to close, not just make us feel unwanted.One of my local favorite places! But be aware this is also many others favorite as well so expect a lengthy wait!I am a fan of The Rum House. It's a neat fusion food idea, unpretentious and deliciously simple. I've eaten here quite a bit and I just ate here again tonight after being treated rudely by the staff at the La Cocinita food truck. The staff is friendly and pleasant here, and it felt nice to be welcomed back to an old favorite like always.
The brisket and Calypso tacos are delicious. The brisket taco has the most heavenly delicious sauce on it that I am always craving. I would love to bottle this sauce and put it on everything, it is so good! That combined with the onions and brisket make some of the best fusion tacos I've ever tasted! Yum Yum Yum! I hope they never stop serving these tacos, they are addictive! The tacos are relatively small so I usually order the Mr. Bigg's platter, I think it's called. Two brisket, two Calypso, with mac and cheese. Perfect! I don't drink a lot of soda, but I often get a Coke here because the Coke always tastes really good. Just how I like it. 
I love rum and have sampled their many different types of rum and was pleasantly surprised by the variety and flavors! Mmmm! The mango and avocado guacamole is really tasty as an appetizer. Service is always good and it's pretty much all you could ask for in a restaurant. The only problem is how busy and noisy it gets. The wait can sometimes be over an hour long and it gets so busy that it's difficult to have a conversation most of the time. I wish there were a quieter section to go to that was a little more intimate. The brisket taco is so good though, I overlook the ambiance, I overlook the oftentimes long wait because... YUM! The brisket taco, the sauce the sauce! I am a foodie through and through and because the service is good, I will overlook ambiance for good food. It's minor to me when the food is good and you leave feeling full and satisfied. 
I would recommend going during slower times for better ambiance. If it's nice outside, the picnic tables in the front are great. Sip some rum, eat delicious tacos, and watch the sun set on magazine. Give it a try!When in New Orleans you must try this place. food was awesome, jerk chicken nachos..omg my life will never be the same. Tacos are $3 on Tuesday. 
We arrived at 5PM and was seated right away, shortly there after the line was pretty long. There is outdoor seating and parking is a bit tight so be patient.What I love about this place is that you can order one of every kind of taco if you wanted - that's the best way to try a bunch and they all sound/look really good. I've only tried a few - fried oyster and crispy fish - but there are a lot more I want to try. The Mango Guacamole here is AMAZING. I could eat just that as a meal. split the Mahi Mahi fingers with my roommate one time and we weren't impressed. They seemed over done and I didn't like the sauce that came with them for dipping at all. Sangria is a little too sweet for me. There are a lot of other things here that I'm eager to go back and try. Great for sitting outside if you can get a table. Great area of Magazine Street.A group of us girls stopped at Rum House shortly after flying into New Orleans and it was a great first stop -- drinks and snacks were exactly what we needed!  I love that grown up feel of Magazine Street so I was already happy with the area but the drinks (I ordered a Rum Punch and it was dangerously good) and taco selection were equally satisfying!Awesome restaurant! Inside it's just absolutely beautiful. The way they designed the place was very put together. The food was just fabulous. I ordered a Cuban sandwich and it just had an incredible taste. It was a little sweet. Not sure what ingredient that was. The service was awesome too. Our waitress was delightful. Definitely recommend going here if you're strolling along Magazine street.We happened upon this little gem because our destination, Funrock'n, is across the street. 
The Rum House Punch is fruity and a great meal starter. Food was great but the real highlight was our server Shelley who was very helpful with my special needs brother. She did a great job anticipating our needs. Much better than the server at a fancy restaurant last night. And with a smile.
Cuban - excellent pork and ham
Pulled pork, ham, tomato, pickles, swiss, creole horseradish aioli
Tacos:
Chopped Shrimp - very good
Grilled shrimp, black beans, roasted peppers & onions, queso and pico de gallo
Fried Oyster - excellent
Cornmeal dusted Louisiana oysters, caper relish and spicy remoulade
Calypso Beef - excellent
Island marinated flank steak, guacamole and lime cream
Banana Bread Pudding - excellent (one of my top 5 bread puddings)
Made fresh daily with a pecan topping and served warm with a dark rum sauce
Many dishes are gluten free. 
Great food and a warm, inviting atmosphere.This will most definitely be on our rotation when we come to New Orleans! We loved everything!Like it's New Orleans location, The Rum House in Baton Rouge is committed to excellence.  From the moment you walk in the interior design of the space, the music, smells and fun bar all prepare you for a Caribbean fusion meal you'll never forget.  Rustic island flatware, flavored nuances, accenting subtleties and unique ingredient balancing are all intentionally evident with each dish.  Coupled with an open-air patio, swing + captain chairs, unmatched rum selection and great service, this gem just made Baton Rouge even cooler.  Bottoms up!I ordered the avocado and mango salsa first- amazing! The best guac I have ever had. The seared tuna salad is very delicious as well, although the amount of fish could have been more.Fantastic and unique tacos! Has a great lunch with margaritas for taco Tuesday. Would definitely recommend!I liked this place a lot!! Service was excellent and atmosphere was cool. Had the tuna ceviche appetizer as well as guacamole which were both tasty. They specialize in rums, so tried a flight of El Dorado rums. They were all awesome, just like premium tequilas!! My wife and I ordered the 3 taco combos with a side. All were yummy. Go here if you can wait to get in. Ours was about half an hour..... But sooo worth it!!!We took friends from the Netherlands on Taco Tuesday - of course it is busy but it was great!! We took a carryout to the airport on the next Taco Tuesday and it took a bit of time but again it was great!  Stopped in the next day, just to get an ice tea and it was complimentary!  Who does that!?  I am from Southern California and we have lots of tacos - but not like this.  I will most likely be there tomorrow.  Such a nice, hard working staff.  Yummmm....The food was fantastic.   I had a fantastic asparagus soup and bouliabase type entrée. Will go back for food.  
I was displeased with the service.  It just seemed that everyone  but the manager had somethin g better to do than wait on us.  Had to ask for  everything.  And the restaurant was empty. But I  can handle  bad service when food is that great.  We will be going backFirst time we came here and sat at the bar we had excellent food and service.  Tacos and combo sides were great and flavors spot on.  Great selection of rum drinks. I even enjoyed a couple of rums served neat.  The second time we came, however, we brought two friends from out of town and sat outside at one of the picnic tables. Unfortunately the food came out stone cold which was a bit disheartening because most of it was fish tacos... Who wants to eat cold seafood? The drinks also seemed a bit more water down... I had the $20 punch bowl.  There are too many other taco joints in town to have such a foul up... I'm not sure I'll be back anytime soon.What's better than a regular day at The Rum House?  
Taco Tuesday!
This is probably one of my favourite things to do now.  $2 tacos.  That's $2 for a taco, a delicious gourmet taco!  Oh and what's more fun?  Taco Tuesday at Happy Hour with yummy mojitos!  
I don't think this is conducive to my diet.
You better get there early on Taco Tuesday, or you're going to expect about a 40 minute wait to be seated around dinner time.
P.S. The $10 Nachos are also a really good deal and can easily feed 3-4 people.  They don't skimp on that yummy pulled pork either, the Nachos are loaded!The sweet potato chips are fantastic and I LOVE the veggie roti. It's so nice to be able grab a seat at one of their big picnic tables outside when the weather permits!The Rum House is pretty consistently good.  I LOVE the mango coconut rice and the Two Dat taco plate (yum chili glazed shrimp!).  Manfriend is obsessed with the manchego polenta and always gets a double order. The drinks don't disappoint for the most part and the nachos are exactly how I like them (fresh jalapenos instead of pickled and yummy pico) so it's great for a happy hour dinner/snack too.  
Unfortunately, the $3+ price tag for tacos a la carte is a little ridiculous considering how tiny the tacos really are--probably 4 inch corn tortillas.  (I hope none of the people complaining about Taceaux Loceaux's prices ever come here, their heads might explode.)  It's also a pretty busy spot and parking can be competitive in the Irish Channel! They should open up a Mid-City location...just sayinnnn...
Anyway, Rum House hasn't disappointed yet and we will be back many many more times!Favorite place in New Orleans!! The fish of the day entree, jerk chicken salad, nachos, basically anything on the menu is amazing. Everyone that I've brought here when we have visited NOLA has loved it.If I was rating the Rum House on atmosphere and service- it would get 5 stars. We sat inside and had abita draft beers and a Pina Colada- which were all great! 
The menu and food was really authentic for Carribean/ Jamaican cuisine but overall was way too SPICY. I have family that are Jamaican and used to live in the Carribean so I know the food there but this resturaunt just seemed to overdo it on the spices. We had the Avacodo Mango chips and dip for appetizers and I had the Chicken Roti for dinner. My friends had an assortment of tacos which were all too spicy also. My side of sweet potatoe chips were amazing however and could be classified as a dessert because of the sprinkling of sugar. 
Overall we had a good time but don't go here unless you REALLY like spicy food.Excellent queso blanco
Tall mason jars of soda & water
Calypso beef taco is out of this world!This place gets pack quick so make sure you get there early! Hands down, their tacos are one of the best. I always order the Chili Glazed Shrimp and the Seared Scallop. For an appetizer, I recommend getting the Nachos! We were 5 people and couldn't finish it. Haha and if you are in the mood for drinking, try the fishbowl! Best place to hang with your friends.My fave thing on the menu is the lamb tacos, though I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered at the Rum House. The service is always amazing as well.I love the Rum House! I try and go every time I'm in New Orleans & I refer it to all my friends when they visit. As an event planner I'm always looking for quirky places to being clients, this restaurant is one of my favorites in the South! The food is top notch, amazing drinks, chill patio with funky vintage door tables... Ambiance for Days! Definitely check this place out, you won't regret it! I'm thirsty thinking about it... MmmWe started with the salsa and chips very fresh and had a nice kick.  I had the Mahi Mahi salad.  I was leery about the habanero dressing, but was perfect.  I think the salad is a little too pricey $14.00.  My co worker had 2 tacos.  The pork she was not a fan, but the Beef Calypso was fantastic.  The simple side salad was great, but once again too pricey for a side salad $7.00.  Service is a little slow, but will be back.Great drinks, huge selection. Hip younger crowd...late twenties, early thirties.  Every dish coming out looked delectable, cute place!One of our favorite restaurants in New Orleans, the fried plantains are a must!!Be forewarned -- all I did was drink.
Post class it was necessity and considering it was Tuesday... this was the place to do it. Not that there aren't 1000 in Nola where I can drink away my post-class woes. But, in terms of a margarita they were just meh. I am from Louisiana, this subsequently means that I like the taste of my liquor. So please bartender give me a little lime juice with my tequila next time and let's call it a day. 
Side note: I added 3 shots to my pitcher and it still was far too sweet and triple sec'ey. Gag me with a spoon. No thanks.This place was pretty good. We ordered the jerk chicken quesadillas, crab melt sandwich, and the roasted jerk chicken. The portions were good and the food was good. Nothing that you would expect from a real trip to Jamaica but it was good enough. The pain killer was not strong but good enough. Overall this place was good but stay in the French quarters.Wow, what an excellent meal. I had the Taco Trifecta with the Greens. Great service and relaxed atmosphere.  Highly recommend.SPICY PUFFY TUNA CEVICHE TACOS, DAMN GOOD NACHOS, and COCONUT MANGO RICE are MUST-TRIES!  I really didn't expect the food to be this good, but it was!  Maybe because the Ceviche tacos literally MADE the entire meal.  The mixture of the flavors were just so....HEAVENLY!  The ceviche tacos came with onions, mango, tuna, peppers, and citrus juices.  First off, anything with raw fish and mango makes me completely happy.  But the kick of the spices and the juices really MADE this plate incredible!  And the flakey tortilla that came with it?  So soft and delightful!  Okay enough about the Ceviche tacos.  The damn good nachos is an appetizer and it's completely HUGE, but of course DELICIOUS!  It's perfect for big parties.  And the coconut mango rice?  SOOOO GOOOODDDD!  I especially love mangoes and coconut, so I had to try this side.  I also got the sweet potato chips which were also good, just not amazing.  As my entree, I got the Two Dat combo which comes with two small tacos and two sides.  I got the chili glaze shrimp taco and the jerk chicken taco.  Both were pretty good, but they just couldn't compare to the ceviche tacos or the coconut mango rice.  For dessert, we got the Banana Bread Pudding, which was surprisingly good!  It was covered in pecans and had bananas on the side.  It was covered with a rum sauce which complemented the bread pudding perfectly.
As for the service?  Definitely not the best.  He wasn't very attentive, nor did he do many check-ups.  The service was actually kind of slow.  The atmosphere is a very relaxing and chill place to eat.  Another downside would have to be the street parking.  I despise finding a place to park, especially when Magazine is such a busy and small street.
Overall, the Rum House left an amazing impression on my mouth.  I'll definitely be back for more!This is my SIL favorite places.  We were lucky enough to be seated outside, and even though it was raining, there is a cover.  All the food was great, my only complaint is the the waiter forgot my beer-I didn't order it when everyone else did...so that probably threw him off a bit.  Had to ask a couple times before he was able to get it.  It was great to enjoy lunch and people watch.  Highly recommend.Excellent tacos. All were flavorful and unique. Cole slaw was delicious. Will definitely be back for $2 taco Tuesdays.I really like The Rum House for an informal dinner with friends. It's got a great location right in the middle of a string of awesome restaurants and businesses along Magazine St. The atmosphere is casual, but that doesn't mean the food is average. Almost everything I've ordered has been delicious and well-prepared, from the Fire Roasted Salsa or Mango Avocado Dip appetizers, to the generous entree salads featuring jerk chicken or grilled mahi, to the awesome and extensive variety of tacos. The best time to visit The Rum House is Tuesday (of course), for their $2.00 taco deal. They have so many great taco varieties that might look gimmicky on paper (Lamb Vindaloo, Carolina BBQ, Rasta Veggie, etc.), but they are all delicious and freshly prepared. Three tacos and a beer or margarita to wash it down, all for under $10.00...it's hard to think of a better deal in uptown. Service is always good, and the place is often crowded with friendly faces during the prime dinner hour. After dinner, you can slip away to Sucre or La Divina for some coffee or dessert. Yeah, that's an awesome date right there.Excellent service. Had trio of tacos that were all very good (brisket,calypso,mahi). The Bloody Mary with the infused rum is excellent. Don't pass up the Jamaican party for appetizer.Visited the big easy on business. We wanted to try out something away from the Quarter. We found a jewel in the Rum House. Jerica recommended Jerk chicken and calypso beef. Both were great and I chose  jalapeño slaw. 
I will be back to sample the sweet and savory here at the Rum HouseWow, we really, REALLY like this place. Not only are every one of the tacos we've ever eaten here wonderfully tasty, but the service is top notch and extremely friendly. We can tell that management must go outbid the way to get the service and friendliness message through to staff. Everyone here has always been very pleasant. By the way, the scallop taco is killer.What can I say? This place was amazing. I'm a big fan of Jamaican inspired tacos so to have a whole restaurant dedicated to a mix of Jamaican and Mexican food items. 
I went with a big group of people, so lucky me  I had a chance to try a little of everyone's food. 
Let's begin with my actual order
Jamaican Jerk Chicken Taco- Amazing with the additions of pineapples, great touch. 
Damn Good Nachos-Sooooo loadeddddd and cheesy. With Jalapeños on top for a touch of spice. 
Jerk Chicken Quesadilla - Really goood but only had a slice 
Maybe I'm over exaggerating but this place is awesome
-Tempting TasteFast service and delicious food. We each had the 3 different tacos and they did not disappoint!!Thanks to Garrett I had tremendous service if it weren't for him my experience would've been half what it was, Thanks Garrett for the great drinks and hospitality!!!We are rum fans, so when this place showed up on Yelp with great ratings we weren't going to miss it. And I'm so glad we didn't. What a gem. 
We sat outside and ordered the Funky Monkey and Rum House Punch to start. Of course they were great. The laid back vide and drinks make you feel like your in the Caribbean or on a cruise.
It's right in heart of Magazine st shopping in the Garden District. Locally owned, and the food is astounding. I had Two Dat tacos with Rum House salad. Lamb Vindaloo and the Carolina were my taco picks. The Carolina was so incredible. Lamb was good, but didn't compare to the Caroline BBQ pork. The spinach beet goat cheese salad was amazing too. Hubby had the rib sandwich and it was amazing too. Really, the food was outa this world. 
Cameron our waiter was awesome. Super friendly and answered all of our questions about the drinks and food. He even gave us some great recs for local culture and entertainment. For dessert we got a spiced rum flight and Cameron was so knowledgeable about the rums and favors. We loved him.
This place is so popular (locals and tourists alike) that your best bet is a late lunch like we did or a weekday. Cameron told us wait time can be hours on busy weekends or $2 taco nights. 
If you're in the Garden District, this is the place to go.Pretty awesome place. Service was great, good choice of draft beers, food was excellent, especially the pork ribs. Fantastic variety of rum. And you can sit outside (about 80 seats on wooden pic nic tables). Would definitely recommend the place.Had the half chicken jerk with mango salsa and rice. Loved it. Hubby got a taco. $5!  What????  Too expensive for a small taco! It was ok - nothing special.This place was recommended by our Chicago pediatrician (who was born and raised in New Olreans and adores good food). It was delicious. We ordered tacos, and then we ordered more tacos, because we couldn't imagine not trying as many as possible. They were all scrumptious. To top it all off, our 3 year old requested to "introduce myself to the cook, and tell them the food is delicious." Our server gamely went back in the kitchen and came out with the chef, who then gave my kiddo a fist bump and his very own chef's hat. A+++Rum house was very good. Loved the atmosphere and food! Wish I could remember what tacos we ordered, but all of them rocked.Our hotel concierge suggested we swing by since we were headed uptown on a Tuesday: $2 beers and tacos all day! We couldn't pass that up. The place was busy but we were seated immediately. Our server, Angie, was awesome! Super sweet and wasn't rude when we had no idea what to order. I had the fried oyster taco (YES) and the brisket (HELL YES) with chips and queso and more than I can count $2 coronas. My s/o had the flaked fish and the duck taco...both of which I tried. The duck was great. The flaked fish was a little plain, but that followed my brisket taco which had sooo many flavors going on so I'm not suprised. All tacos came served on a corn tortilla and 2-4 tacos could serve as a meal. Overall, we left full and a lil tispy for ~$25 for both of us. Couldn't ask for anything else.This was a wonderful place for dinner. Atmosphere was fun and upbeat. The food was so good. You must try the nachos! Also, be adventurous and try the Tiger Bait tacos, the sauce makes it. We are in from out of town for a girls trip and really liked it.Everything we had was delicious.  Each taco tasted different and was delicious in its own right.  The combinations of flavors are original and surprising, like the mango rice!This place never disappoints! We are down every six months visiting family and we always stop in. Sometimes we go more than once during our trip. We've never had something we didn't enjoy and the service is always great.Totally 'meh' tacos in my opinion. You'll wait a while, too. I'd recommend just going to Red Dog next door and getting some bomb-a** cocktails then eating somewhere else.The happy hour alone deserves a five star rating. Delicious drinks, even more scrumptious tacos, and an all around fun place to be in.My absolute favorite. I love the calypso beef, scallop, and chili glazed shrimp tacos. The mac & cheese, cornbread dressing, veggies, and polenta are also fabulous. The best appetizers include the nachos, which are huge and the guacamole mango dip. You really cannot go wrong. The only negative is that there is almost always a wait on the weekends. I have had some good servers, and a few not-so-good servers, but overall the food makes it a winner.Absolutely awful..and what the fuck? The "chips" were soft and hardly even chips. Terrible service for overpriced garbage.There was a bit of a wait, but we grabbed drinks at the bar and time passed quickly. The brisket tacos are so good. A must!  Make sure to order the side of plantains and you won't be disappointed.First off, any place that serves their drinks in Mason Jars gets at least a few points going for it. A+ work, Rum House.
$2 Taco Tuesdays are a godsend for cheap college students like me - it's a great place to go if you want to get out of the Tulane bubble. Delicious food, great location (one block from Sucré for dessert...but you might not need to go there based on the crazy-good fried balls of molten lava cakes I had in-house today). My fave tacos are the fried oyster (REALLY bold flavor, but definitely worth it), jerk chicken, and flaked fish. The service is always friendly, and the atmosphere is lively, but not loud.
Go here. Now. You won't regret it.This place is awesome. I had the red curry shrimp and it was amazing. The place is very friendly and the service was right on. I will be coming back here.Cant go wrong with this spot. Its known for a culture filled atmosphere and food to delight any appetiteI think it's telling that the glowing reviews of this place come mostly from tourists.  I would be impressed with the tacos and the menu also...if I lived in suburban Houston, Richmond, Atlanta or wherever also.  And that is certainly what this place feels like - chain restaurant-ish, cheesy, loud, one-dimensional crowd, forced flavor combination menu that's not done very well.
If you've never eaten Caribbean or Mexican...or if you don't that often, then sure, this place will be great for you.  I was not impressed.Love the tacos here. The drinks are also great. The flavored mojitos and the funky monkey are all delicious. You can't beat Taco Tuesdays. $2 variety tacos all day long. 
This is a great place to socialize with friends, but the volume level inside is so high it's hard to even have a conversation sometimes. But it's expected at a jam packed place full of drinkers. 
Been here a couple times and will most definitely be back. Expect a short wait during peak hours.First time in this nice place, the food is so good, came out very on time, Gina was really nice and helpful! I Will come back again.Went here for the first time while visiting for a bachelorette party. Best food! It was so exciting to have so many gluten free options with such a knowledgable and accommodating staff! The queso, salsa, and jerk chicken tacos were delicious! Thanks Molly for such a great experience!I had the grilled fish of the day - Have. Fish was cooked to perfection but no taste. The avocado crab sauce was good but lacking any real distinguishing flavor. Staff always excellent here!I started with the fried plantains which can use a lot of improvement, they came in big chucks and we're not cooked long enough, I like my plantains to be crispy not soggy!  Now the grilled drum fish with jerk spices and jerk butter sauce topped with mango was on point, the greens were good and the mango rice was extra tasty.  Note to self learn how to make mango rice it was the bomb!  I was to stuffed too get the key lime pie, but next I will try it is sounds quite amazing.I have come to the Rum house since they opened. At first their Jerk chicken salad was beautiful and tasty. I went yesterday and was very disappointed. The salad wasn't seasoned (that's the basics of cooking) the chicken was chopped for children and the jerk seasoning had been sauteed with the chicken pieces right before to be put on the plate. I also got green papaya pieces( if it's green don't put it in the salad I mean it's obviously not ripe). Anyway, this salad that was before beautiful tasty and nicely presented with real parts of chicken looks now like a chain ready to digest a blob of crap.it is sad they drifted so far from the product they were selling just almost 4 years ago.
Another thing, sound absorbing pannels on the ceiling would be nice , you can't hear yourself talk!Great wait staff, even if you are sitting at an outside table, which is always my preference. Their signature cocktails are great, also. but the food is always terrible!This is based on my visit in late April during a downpour on the first Jazzfest weekend. 
Drinks were quite basic given the name of the bar but the ambience was pleasant.
Rum on house punch - ok
Painkiller -  mediocre
Skip the guava mojito - tasted like syrup. terrible.
Gigi the waiter was quite nice. We were asked to leave our outdoor seating because of some staff confusion. It was rather rude but I think the staff was overwhelmed. The manager quickly fixed the error and offered us a complimentary round of drinks to go.We were recommend this one by our Uber driver and left quite disappointed.  I ordered a vegetarian taco and was also told by our server that I could take meat out of any of their other tacos.  So I ordered the vegetarian taco and then a second one with no meat.  The first veggie taco was so so but the second taco had quite the surprise at the bottom of it...pork.  I have been a vegetarian for a while now so I can recognize the taste of meat very quickly.  I mentioned this mistake to the server and she said "Oh, we weren't trying to kill you."  No apologies, she just made a joke, which left me insulted.  When it came time to pay the bill, I asked her to take the "meat" taco off which she did.  In past situations like this, the server has been extremely apologetic and/or a manager comes over.  This never happened once!  Stay away from this place if you have any dietary restrictions!My group stopped here because we could get a table at Commander's place.The Rum House's list of tacos seems endless. I ordered the ribs. The food was plentiful and tasty.  I enjoyed my meal. The service was good. The prices were reasonable. This is a nice place for a quick quality meal.Before you read too much into this review, I want to say off the bat that the 3 star rating is for the whole experience, not just the food. If I were to break it down into food, service, and setting, the stars would be thus:
Food = 4.5 stars
Service = 4 stars
Setting = 2 stars
The food is freaking awesome here. Absolutely loved the tacos and drinks. For a detailed run-down, just look over their menu on their website. They have a great concept for the food, and their tacos are as delicious as they sound. The calypso beef, oyster, and grilled fish tacos were incredible. The scallop taco needs work - it's bland and flavorless. Might be nice if they scaled back on the menu to focus on fewer flavors to make ordering simpler and throughput faster.
The service was good - our server was friendly, and tried her best to get things moving along. It was extremely crowded that night, as I imagine it is most nights, since this place is a favorite amongst the college crowd. She had cold drinks on the table and food was out fast.
Setting was the letdown here. The place is extremely loud!! (I know I'm going to show my age here... Mostly college students here enjoying the bar.) I wasn't expecting a hushed haute cuisine place, but I could not hear the conversation that the person sitting next to me was trying to have with me the entire meal. I wonder if the owners would consider investing in some acoustic tiles to help absorb the loud cacophony! Bathrooms could certainly be cleaner - nothing makes guests wonder about the hygiene of a restaurant more than if their bathrooms are a filthy mess!This place has a very rustic feel. The place is always busy, doesn't matter what day or time it is; localed on Magazine Street, a place for the best restaurants. On Tuesday they have Taco Tuesday which tacos are only $2 each. The staff are very helpful and gets orders out quickly. I ordered the grilled fish taco, fried shrimp taco, and fried oyster taco with a side of mango rice. The rice was soft, warm, and a little sweet. A good complement to the salty and rich tacos. The oyster taco was my favorite due to the crispy oyster with cabbage and a lite sauce. The fish and shrimp were also delicious, but needed more sauce on them; something spicy or tangy would be good. Almost forgot, we tried the tuna  ceviche which was okay. It wasn't my favorite out of my meal. The tuna was good but the ceviche has a weird twist to the tuna. I want to come back and try the nachos.First our waiter was Joe. Great job Joe! Loved this place. I had the island steak which was fantastic. My coworkers all had a variety of tacos that were also delicious Drinks were great. We were there on a Saturday night and only had to wait 1/2 hour. Great escape from downtown NO for some good eats and beautiful area to walk around in.Delicious!  This is my third time to NOLA and I was bound and determined to find some fresh un-fried food.  The flavors are bursting out of these tacos!  Super tasty food, friendly, fast service.  Great change of pace from traditional NOLA food.We had some amazing tacos here! There's a reason why this place is packed with locals every  night of the week. The cocktails weren't very good but I'd go back again for sure for those amaaazing tacos! Ask the servers for recommendations and they won't do you wrong. ;) We had great service too!There are already hundreds of reviews of this place.  I don't think one more is needed.  But this review is for one person: Me.  To help me figure out which tacos to order when I go back many months from now.  
We had six tacos.  The winners: pork mole, creole rib, and both fish tacos.  The losers: scallop (overly sweet) and the duck.
Your welcome, future me.I came here on a monday afternoon, so no wait, no crowd, and probably too early for rum. Instead we just had some of the most amazing tacos that have ever graced my tongue.
Highlights -
Lamb Taco
Fried Oyster Taco
Polenta
and Balsamic veggies were all too good to miss out
If I ever come back to New Orleans, this will surely deserve a second visit!
Also, the staff are friendly and super nice, but I found that to be a common thing in New Orleans!My very favorite place in NOLA for drinks and dinner.  I love the feel of the place, the tables outside, and everything on the menu.  Really great happy hour and great salads (the rum house salad is the best "house salad" I've ever had), apps, and tacos!Ate here over final four weekend.  Great variety of authentic cusine.  Wonderful selection of great tacos with excellent portion size.  Will definitely visit again.Good food, good service all at a reasonable price. A great neighborhood restaurant in a very walkable area of town.Always great food, good atmosphere (a little loud at times) and the best company. I have been several times this year and will continue to go and recommend to anyone that asks. I love the drink selections and almost always try something new on the menu. My favorites are the jerk roasted chicken and ribs. But omg the tacos and fish are definitely worth the try.- We go on Taco Tuesdays (POPULAR, LONG WAIT, CROWDED) and have tried most of the tacos on the menu - Favorites: Lamb Vindaloo, Jerk Chicken, Crispy Fish, Fried Oyster, and many of the beef/ pork ones were very good as well. Big fan of duck meat but the Duck Duck Goose had a very strong creamy/ gravy sauce that didn't appeal to me (only 1 I disliked!).
- The Damn Good Nachos are a huge portion enough for 4, but so good!
- Banana Bread Pudding - flavorful and pungent with rum sauce but on the dry side.My family and I absolutely LOVED The Rum House! We were in New Orleans for vacation, and were recommended The Rum House by some friends, and found it to be a perfect spot for us. We spent the entire afternoon in the French Quarter, and all of us agreed- eating at The Rum House was a far better experience! It was genuine, delicious, and so great for our gluten free sensitivities! 
Things we loved: 
- Street parking is free after 7, which made it easy to park
- The Rum House has the 5th best nachos in the United States, so if you're a nacho person, get them! They are delicious! 
- Incredibly fresh food! I got a delicious Jerk Chicken Salad with a Mango Avocado Dressing. It was divine! 
- Incredible Gluten free options! For a gluten intolerant person, this restaurant was great! While this is not a gluten free facility, they clearly mark on all parts of their menu what is gluten free. 8/10 sides are gluten free, there are several gluten free tacos (Vegetarian and meat tacos), all of their salads are gluten free (about six options), and several of the appetizers- including the nachos, are gluten free. 
- Great cocktail menu, including a plethora of delicious Rum drinks as well as margaritas and beer on tap 
- Service was quick, positive, and very attentive 
- We were able to sit outside, which made for a much quieter environment, making it easy for us to talk as a family!
- Great environment- fun colorful straws, great music, lights, energy, etc. 
Some things to be aware of: 
- We went on a Saturday night, and as expected, there was a long line when we arrived (estimated to take 45 minutes). However, the wait only ended up taking about 20, and we were able to look over the menu while we waited. I found it to be worth the wait, but that is something to consider! 
Whether or not you are gluten intolerant, I would recommend this restaurant. However, for all my gluten free friends- this place is ideal! The menu markings denoting what is gluten free, is what I am constantly wishing so many other restaurants had! Thank you to The Rum House for making my family's night delicious, fun, and memorable!Meh on the food. Not terrible, not great. The waitresses are cute at least and they work hard. There is better Caribbean food to be had in Nola for sure.The servers were excellent! I lost count at how many chips they gave us and refills they provided totally would recommend to eat here!I love this place! Ive been 2 times and had a blast both! Such a fun atmosphere inside and the waitresses are super nice! I recommend trying any of their speciality tacos! I haven't seen flavors like that before and really enjoyed them! My favorites were the calypso beef and the brisket! They have a great happy hour too. I highly recommend it and I will be going back!Great place for dinner and drinks. The atmosphere and service was great (my Husband and I sat at the bar). Reasonably priced, but slightly skimpy when it comes to the protein inside the 4" corn tortilla tacos. Had the scallop taco and the flaked fish taco with mango rice and fried plantains. The sides were both excellent. Great mojitos (on happy hour special for $5) and the Funky Monkey was AMAZING!!!!!!  It's pure goodness, just get it. Don't ask questions. Just get it. The frozen "dessert" like drink with Kahula, banana, toffee Heath, whipped cream and more! If I lived in NOLA I'd be a regular there. Oh- the banana bread pudding was OK, probably wouldn't order it again. Large serving but the bread pudding lacked any texture differentiation that'd I like in bread pudding.$2 Taco Tuesday! Pretty good, jerk chicken was bomb. I love the GUAC. Vegetarian options are lacking and the place gets crazy crowded but it's definitely worth the wait.Just order the nachos. The tacos were decent, but I wished I'd have just ordered the nachos as my entree rather than sharing them with five other people. So during my second visit to this place that's what I did and was not disappointed. Just order the nachos because they really are damn good nachos.Fun place for drinks - very strong and served in mason jars- cute - or to go cups (still can't  get over that).... Lots of TV's and folks watching the game - they love their football. The mango guac was tasty and the chips were warm.  Didn't have any of the other food so can't speak to that however the chips and guac definitely hit the spot - sweet with a spicy kick - delish.
Also has picnic tables outside for sidewalk dining.This place was such a gem to stumble on to. The menu was incredible. I wanted to order one of everything. I went for the small salad and chicken asado w coconut/mango/pineapple...the rice was so devine. For a drink I had the one who the graham cracker rim. It was made to perfection. If on Magazine St. This IS a must try spot!!!My advise, get there before 6pm otherwise the place is PACKED and rightly so. The Food is amazing. Mom and I gorged on red coconut curry muscles  with Pom Fritte. The sauce was so good we promptly drenched the fries in the curry sauce; I highly recommend doing that but use a fork. The Chutney type sauce they give you in unmarked bottles goes amazingly well with everything. Try the Mango rice if you like sweet and savory flavors it'll become your new favorite comfort food.Some absolutely incredible food. The conch and sweet potato fritters are killer. The beverage and menu selection is plentiful and all delightful.I wanted to like this place because the location was great and it's always packed (tourists maybe? Idk), but if you're a person who has had even decent Caribbean food or mussels that are actually fresh, not frozen, I would avoid this place. The tacos were OKAY, but a quick visit to taceaux loceaux would fix your urge for tacos which are TEN times better and cheaper as well. Plus I noticed the more complicated meats such as the shank was way too chewy and fatty. Ew. The servers / constipated behaving hostess were all very unfriendly (think rude glances at the bar when it wasn't busy + vapid/uninterested server + silent food runners who basically throw you your food) and I'm not one who even likes constant check-ins or too much friendliness. They just made the experience even more unpleasant. Not worth 40+ for two. Not at all. (Only plus was the happy hours drinks)  Pleaseeeeee Avoid unless this is your first time with "Caribbean" food. Ew.Every time I visit New Orleans, I have to stop at the Rum House. Great atmosphere and wonderful food!
I have had the crab melt and many of the tacos. I've never disappointed. Their queso is amazing, give it a try!Three of us made a day trip to N.O. today to shop at Saks and browse Magazine St.  We asked a clerk to recommend a restaurant for lunch and The Rum House was her suggestion.  I'm so glad we took her advice.  We all sampled different items from the menu and we all left extremely happy (and extremely fat from the over-consumption of delicious food).  The chips and salsa were crazy good and I loved the flavored rice. Plus, drinks come in oversized Mason jars -- no whimpy 8oz bullshit.Get the nachos! My bf and I share a full order as a meal. So good! And great margs! We're regulars for sure!They were packed at 2:00, but it was only a 20 minute wait. The food was interesting. The kids liked their tacos, but the sides weren't that good (mac n cheese, waffle fries). Our nacho plate was fine, but not great.There's a salad here that I adore but aside from that....I'm just not that impressed.  It's a cute spot and its okay...but that's all.A good sign you're at a good place is when they're always crowded. There's usually a wait, but they manage it well. Great drink specials, and the food is delicious. My personal favorite is the Best Damn Nachos. Taco Tuesday is a winner! Yes, tacos are $2!Needed to cool off with a cocktail after a hot afternoon shopping on Mag St and Rum House seemed like the perfect spot. 
Service was great, and the happy hour drink specials were killer. My wife got the Rum Punch and I had the Painkiller. Both were very tasty, and very strong - and a steal at only $5 during HH. We may have done one or two rounds too many, but isn't that the point of Happy Hour?Tacos are great, asking with the choice of sides. The damn good nachos are just what they sound like, but honestly you can't go too wrong with what's on the menu.I have been wanting to try this place for a long time and happened to get an outside table Friday afternoon. We just happened to be sitting through one of the worst storms in a while but it added to the atmosphere. Drinks are really good! They have different flavored mojitos and the waitress rightfully suggested her personal favorite which was the Mango mojito. The drink was fresh and not too sweet, just a perfectly well crafted summer cocktail. Menu is diverse and we ordered queso dip that was tasty. I realize that is not very adventurous. The chips must be made in house and are light and crisp. I ordered the pork mole taco with fried plantains and it was flavorful! I wish I had room to eat more and try different cocktails. Will definitely return. One quick comment, the waitress was nice but when she came to our table we asked if there were any drink specials and she said "yes, they are on the back of the menu". It would have been nice to have then been told as opposed to just standing there watching us read the menu.Are you kidding me?! Holy amazing!! The brisket, lamb & jerk chicken tacos are to die for!! Seriously out of this world! When you go, there'll be a wait.. You can count on that. But the wait is SO worth it. This place should be on everyone's bucket list!You don't want to miss this treat on magazine street, in the garden district, a nice little stroll from the Lafayette cemetery. 
The Cuban sandwich is the absolute best I have had anywhere west of Florida. 
The Tacos are Freakin' amazing.  Beware that the food tends on the spicy side (though, not the Cuban sandwich).  But, the heat does not overwhelm the flavor. Really loved the calypso beef taco best. It was also had the least heat. The chili glazed shrimp was wonderful also, though a bit hot for my taste buds. There are so many taco combinations you should find something for everyone. If you go on Tuesday you can get $2 tacos and $2 beer. 
I didn't have any salad but the portions were huge and looked so fresh and tasty. 
When I saw some nachos going by our table I thought it could easily feed a family of four it was piled so high. 
We finished our meal by sharing a Key Lime Pie dessert...not your typical version, but absolutely delicious. 
The price was surprisingly low. Our party of 4 super hungry adults got stuffed on 7 tacos, 2 sides, 1 huge Cuban, 2 beers, 2 lemonades, 1 huge dessert, for a whopping $52. 
Bottom line: a memorable experience, excellent food, generous portions, reasonably priced, and a large variety of foods. 
I would give this restaurant a 5 star rating if the service had been faster. I've learned something about New Orleans, when it's time to eat, you better just relax, cause nothing is going to come to the table quickly. It took 2 hours to eat this meal. (And we ordered everything at the same time, including dessert). Still, it was worth every moment of waiting.The food was yummy and the lunch specials are good-$11 for 2 tacos and 2 sides. The jerked veggies, coconut rice and plantains were all good. The best taco we tried was the vindaloo one. The others were good but not the best I have had.  I wish they brought out some chips to snack on because there was a little wait to get the food because they get very busy.The first time I've had a pain killer since the british virgin islands that actually tasted the same!!! So good we came here for taco tuesday ...$2 tacos and let me tell you they were delicious! They give them in corn tortillas which isn't my preference but it didn't matter! The chopped shrimp was my absolute favorite taco. The ambiance of the place is fun and the service was very fast! I would definitely go again.The bartenders (the guy with glasses an curly hair in particular) has always given the best customer service. Sit at the bar if you go for sure. 
However, after waiting over 20 minutes for a table while drinking margaritas, we decided to go else because we needed food. However when we dropped of our little food buzzer we over heard the host tell a group of customers who had just arrived that they had held a table for them...and that it was just part of the perks to working there. 
As someone who not only has been working in the service industry for years, but who is also a manager of a great French quarter cocktail bar and who was dinning with a sous chef of a well known New Orleans restaurant, I was extremely offended that a restaurant would hold a table for one of their employees instead of seating regular customers. 
While the food is great, obviously they have their priorities else where.Los tacos más ricos en todo New Orleans. Man! I could not have enjoyed the tacos here any more. I can't even pick a favorite because each one was better than the next. Wait was long as heck, but worth it... especially on taco TuesdayThis was my first time in this place, I like the fact that you can park your car anywhere on the street. I order some nachos and they were delicious, they were also really big in size, I recommend some beef tacos also!Holy shit the "Damn Good Nachos" are DAMN GOOD!   They dump pulled pork & a cheese sauce all over them.  The Duck Diablo Habanero Soup is also great...they've turned down the heat a couple months ago so it's ok for anyone to eat now.  Tacos are also the bomb!  Drinks, decor & service is usually on point....only problem is it gets VERY LOUD when its full.Second time there today and had the 3 taco lunch both times.  The crispy fish taco and the scallop taco were awesome.  Oyster taco was okay.   Mashed potato side was great.  Cool place and will go back.  Only drawback were the flies.  Open doors on a beautiful day will do that.Excellent spot on Magazine St. for lunch and drinks in the Garden District. 
Service is excellent and the food is awesome. 
The fresh guacamole is amazing. 
The tacos are fantastic. 
Clean and hip place.The drinks are fantastic but the nachos. Those nachos are the best I've ever had. Sadly we were so full on nachos we didn't try anything else, so I guess we'll have to go back!I'm specifically writing about the crab melt. Amazing! Super rich, looking back I should have split it, but it was so good I basically licked my plate clean. Generous portion of crab and the fried green tomato adds some crunch. Our server was really laid back and attentive. I'd go there again next time I'm in NOLA.I've been here twice for taco Tuesday! There is always a long wait so beware. The prices you cannot beat though, $2 tacos! The service has always been okay, nothing special but I understand because it's always busy. Be prepared for a loud environment with people gazing at your food as they wait to be seated! Here are my opinions on everything I've tried to date:
Cornbread dressing: CRAZY about it! Reminds me of thanksgiving and goes so well with the tacos 
Bread pudding: delicious, soft with a crispy topping and sweetness is just right 
Chili glazed shrimp taco: shrimp were too large and glaze was extremely sweet for me
Pork mole taco: the jalapeño slaw ruined the taco for me, i couldn't finish it
Creole rib taco: super smoky flavored meat with pablano pellets, my favorite taco I've tasted there!
Brisket taco: Nothing special about it, I don't remember how it tasted
Jerk chicken taco: tasty well seasoned chicken with mango salsa, another of my favorites
Overall I'd say you should definitely check this place out for cheap but well-made tacos on Tuesday. I wouldn't arrive past 5:30 if you don't want to wait more than an hour!Tacos are pretty cheap, and for happy hour you can get their "Painkiller" cocktail for $5. Don't ask me what it is, all I know is that there's rum in it. Or two kinds of rum, or three. The tacos are also not generic: they range from Brazilian flavors to Indian to Carolina BBQ. The taco meal deals are usually my go-to. I have never not enjoyed myself here. It just gets pretty crowded at dinner, as is expected. Seating can take anywhere from 20 to 45 minutes.So I recently came here for lunch one day and I have to say that I absolutely love this place!
The Caribbean-inspired food is to die for. We got the plate of 4 tacos and a side of fried plantains, and it was delicious! My favorite taco was the fried oyster one. I've been craving it ever since. Just as a warning though, the tacos are kinda small, but they're definitely the best tacos I've ever eaten.
I took one star off because it was so crowded in the place, we had to sit outside in hot summer heat. I happened to look up and the outside fans weren't even on. I thought that is the least they could have done for those who chose to sit outside instead of waiting for a table to open up inside. I know it's not their fault for being crowded though.
The service was also good. The staff was friendly.
I can't wait to go back!Fun atmosphere, but average (at best) food. I've been twice, but do not plan to return for a third tour of duty. If you do get food, do not bother with the sandwiches.Great fast food. Wonderful bar tender. We really enjoyed the tacos The finest rum drinks too.The Rum House has been my favorite restaurant in New Orleans for the last four years! I come here almost every week for delicious drinks and Caribbean food (tacos!), and the fun, lively atmosphere. I often dine here in large groups just so I can taste everyone else's food - every bite I've taken has been great. The servers are always happy to explain items on their menu.
Favorite dishes: I highly recommend all of their tacos, especially the "Calypso Beef" (their best seller!) and "Pork Molé". My other favorites are their "Damn Good Nachos" (served on an enormous platter... perfect to share with the whole table as an appetizer or to share with one another person as a meal), avocado mango dip, and cornbread dressing. Their strawberry margaritas are blended with fresh strawberry puree and are delicious. Mojitos are perfectly minty and excellent too.
Cons: Since they don't take reservations, you can often wait 45 minutes for a table on Tuesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays. Also, the restaurant is loud, which is annoying when you're dining with a large group.I've been to The Rum House (3) times and I've never been disappointed.  It's a great place to eat if you are looking for something different.  I recommend the Mr. Biggs Taco Plate, which gives you a nice variety.  The Crab sandwich is also delicious!   See my photos.  For a drink, the Painkiller is refreshing.Drink was just ok (house run punch), but the food was great. The nachos lived up to their name and the portion size was huge. Our server was attentive and the atmosphere was warm and welcoming.I have mixed feelings about the Rum House. DELICIOUS margaritas - especially during happy hour/island time when the price tag for a Ball jar margarita is $4. Tacos...well they aren't Mexican tacos. Tasty, but not Mexican.  Worth $2 a pop on Tuesdays.  The damn good nachos are damn good.  House salad is yummy - with added meat for a main, or a small to go with your meal.  Fun atmosphere to get drinks and dinner with friends.A personal favorite. Always good and always reasonably priced. Kid friendly though not an original kids menu. With good regular menu options, some creativity for kids menu would be appreciated.This place has awesome decor and an awesome vibe. Christmas lights, big TVs and water in mason jars. The nachos were AMAZING and we got them with jerk chicken. Don't be fooled by it being an appetizer, two people could easily split this and both be full as if they both had a full meal. The tacos were also tasty- I had the chili/shrimp and  steak. The steak was a little heavy... the cuts of steak were really thick and in my opinion a little much for a taco. 
The only complaint I had was about the service- our waitress was cranky from the beginning... cranky enough to influence her tip. BOOOO.I love fusion food and this place rocks it.
Based on just the name, I never would have guessed at what I found inside.  I don't think those things they serve should be called tacos; they should be called the best darn things to have ever made contact with a corn tortilla.  
We had the calamari which was amazing, especially the coconut, lemon grass, lime sauce that came with it.  The roasted salsa was good as well.  For my dinner I got a choice of two tacos with two sides.  The lamb and the jerk chicken were excellent, the sides were good as well, but next time I think I'll skip the sides and just stick with the tacos.  That said, the coconut rice and black beans were tasty, but it's hard to stand up to that taco goodness.
There were so many other things on the menu that I wanted to try, including a nice tropical drink list that I don't think you could possibly keep me from going back.  I am anxiously anticipating my next visit.So good! Had the jerk chicken, lamb vindaloo, fried oyster and they were all DELICIOUS. The polenta is also really good. Go. It's worth it!Sometimes you get the most pleasure from simple food. The Rum House excels in this. This is one of those restaurants that's so much fun that the food takes a back a seat. 
We had a big plate of nachos with all the fillings. I also had some delicious bite sized tacos and cornbread stuffing YUM YUMDelicious tacos!  The husband and I both got the three taco meal.  Between the two of us we had five different tacos and they were all great.  My favorite was the fried oyster and my husband's was the Calypso beef (our one overlap and I loved it too).  Our daughter got the quesadilla off the kids menu, she enjoyed it and we enjoyed that they actually had a kids menu.  We sat outside and enjoyed the great atmosphere that is Magazine Street.  A highlight of our meal was the queso, one of the better I have had in the city.  We will go back for sure as there are several other things on the menu we wanted to try.I'm a semi-regular there and the food and service is always consistently good, I've never had any problems with either the times I have visited there. It's almost always packed during peak hours so just be prepared to wait for a table.While in New Orleans for New Years, my boyfriend and I made a trip to the Garden District. It was a pretty day out and after wandering around we started looking for some restaurants. We passed a few that looked alright but they were all fairly empty which didn't seem like a good sign. Then we saw The Rum House. It wasn't easy or common to find Mexican in the French Quarter (for some reason) so we decided to mix it up and give it a try. The wait was about 45 min but we were told if we could find a seat at the bar they were first come, first serve. That worked out for us. Within about 10 min we were seated and I was drinking the Parish draft which was good and pretty well priced at 5 dollars. Ben had the Painkiller which he described as, "drinking a tropical island." 
For food, we were a little overwhelmed but decided to try the guac (cause it came with salsa so we felt we were getting a two-for-one type of situation) and then we both ordered three tacos and a side (one of their combo deals). The guac was a little creamier than I like it and overall without much spice. I think a chunkier guac or spicier guac would have really set it apart. But, it was not terrible for sure. The salsa I liked a lot and in retrospect would have just ordered salsa and chips. I am partial to places that give free chips and salsa - so it was a little disheartening I had to pay for that. The tacos were all really good. After the chips and guac/salsa we were pretty full and realized we could have probably split a combo. For sides, I got the cornbread dressing which was surprisingly good. Ben got the mac and cheese which was really just alright. Especially sad after the waiter reacted really strongly and told Ben how good it was supposed to be. 
It was definitely a good experience and the service was really nice. I would say it is a little overpriced but nothing out of the ordinary for New Orleans. Definitely give it a try if you are in the Garden District!Rum house had great service and a fun twist on Jamaican style food. The fritters were the best part, I wasn't expecting them to be so amazing. I also would recommend the fried oyster taco.  And you just GOTTA bite the bullet and get a pitcher of margaritas: come on now, it's grow up time.Mango Mojitos were terrific . Nachos sublime! All the Mojitos at Happy Hour were awesome.Second time here, love it!  Really good food at a good price-point! Polenta, tacos, nachos all great choices!This was a great place for a quick bite and a drink.   They have $2 beers during happy hour.  We weren't expecting much cause we mostly wanted a drink and a rest from walking all over the Garden District; however, we were very pleasantly surprised.  We got to try 5 different tacos: lamb vindaloo, beef with chimichurri and barbecue, pulled pork, spicy shrimp and a marinated beef with guacamole.  All were were very tasty.  I would recommend this place and would definitely go again.Every time we have eaten here it's been a positive experience! My favorite taco is the calypso beef! We also always get the nachos as an appetizer, and it is more then enough to satisfy my family of four appetizers needs. The food is fresh, and the wait staff has always been friendly.Tacos were amazing and worth the wait!! I had a taste of each protein, and it was marinated. You could taste the flavor I the taco. I would go back to NOLA for these tacos.I absolutely love Rum House. I have had the best drinks here and crazy cool Caribbean food!