Ate lunch here while visiting the WW II museum.
The staff was very friendly and helpful, the service was good.  The corned beef and sauerkraut sandwich on rye was great, which was surprising given the basic ingredients involved, but they prepared the corned beef and sauce in such a way to turn a standard into an exceptional sandwich.Best happy hour on in New Orleans! Half price beer and cocktails with pulled pork buns, duck ribs and pork pies for 75cents each ... A beer and a ton of food will barely break a tenner! Inspired food in the surroundings of the most awesome 4D Beyond all boundaries movie!.Get the MEAT LOAF!! Dang that thing is good. Did I mention the meat loaf was good? The cupcakes are also pretty killer. Good service - located within one of the treasures of New Orleans - The National WWII Museum. The restaurant caters to this theme quite well. Well played Mr. Besh.I'll give it 3 stars - American Sector is potentially worth stopping during a visit to the World War II Museum but the food is overpriced and can be inconsistent - not an ideal combination.  Burgers and sandwiches are decent although overall I've never had anything that blew me away.  Gumbo is just okay, a pork shank dish had really dry and unexciting pork on top of pretty awesome cassoulet.  Italian cheese fries (kind of like poutine) were undersalted and just not great - even the fries didn't excite me.
Go to American Sector for Happy Hour from 3-6pm every day and it's a phenomenal deal.  Go if you're at the WWII museum, although you'll get better food down the street at Cochon or its sister restaurant Butcher.  Not that American Sector is horrible, but it's by far my least favorite John Besh restaurant.This is a great place to have dinner in large or small groups.  I called ahead and made a reservation for a large group and they were able to accommodate us without a problem.  The waitstaff was friendly and attentive.  The menu has something to please everyone, even with my finicky group.  Make sure you try the shrimp in a cup, cherry soda and funnel cake.  They also have a nice selection of alcohol and great bartenders.  
One great tip is that you can park in any of the parking lots adjacent to the WWII Museum and they will validate your parking, or there is free parking after a certain time...I think 5 p.m.another favorite go to
recommend:
the fried shrimp in a cup - my favorite thing there, sometimes i order 2 cups
the pork po boy - it's their vietnames po boy. huge, wonderful, easy enough to share. get with fries. best sandwich in town or at least a close second to buckboard bacon melt from butcher
happy hour - 0.75 sliders and drink specialsI have been meaning to go to American Sector since it opened, although -- admittedly -- since I live in Berkeley and not NOLA, opportunities are pretty slim.  Since I am in my beloved New Orleans only one week a year (two, if I'm lucky), it makes going to "new" places somewhat difficult as we (my wife and I) hear the siren's song calling us to our favorite places of visits past.  I thought I had blown my chance to eat at American Sector when I spent so much time at the National World War II Museum that I'd completely missed lunch and was late to meet Lynn for a Sazerac at The Roosevelt following her conference, but . . . 
I had made no specific plans/reservations for Sunday dinner, and after several days filled with the likes of Bayona, Patois, Coquette, and Galatoire's, "casual" was just what we needed!
The room is at once modern and nostalgic, with 1940s-era music in the background and celebrity photographs from World War II on the wall (think Clark Gable in an Army officer's uniform, or Kate Hepburn, and so on).  Sunday nights, long after the museum closed, this place was pretty empty -- only three or four other tables besides us, I think; I was surprised it was this deserted for a John Besh restaurant, but it's (hopefully) more a function of time and location (Sunday evening; museum closed) -- it certainly isn't because of the food, as that was great!
Several beers on tap, and great cocktails began our meal . . . 
From the appetizer menu, we shared the spicy, garlicky fried chicken with watermelon pickle; the chicken gizzards with Creole honey mustard; and the mini-cheeseburger slides with bacon-onion marmalade . . . Truly delicious!
Moving on, we had the short rib "Sloppy Joe" (more like a North Carolina pulled pork sandwich, but no less enjoyable), the "buster" soft shell po'boy, with sides of Southern greens and cheesy grits . . .
Generous portions, and deliciously flavorful food -- all at affordable prices . . . who could ask for more!  
In all honesty, I should give this five stars, but if I give August five stars . . . )Service was a little indifferent. Wish we were there just for happy hour. Had the onion ring app and that was very good. The hot dog was tasty but waaaaay to big. Hubby had the blue crab and sausage stew. It was over powered by the sauce.I don't have a lot to say.  This place is liked a dressed up Chili's.  I have tried to write this review a couple times, but I just give up because this place is so middle of the road.  It is not good; it is not bad it is just so so.  If some one asked me what I thought I thought I would say if you are by there and and hungry you will not be disappointed nor will you leave happy about the experience.  I wish I could say more it is just hard.  
I had the chicken wrap,  I wish the chicken was not fried, but that's about it.  They do have a full bar so if your family is in the WWI museum it would be a nice place to grab a drink.Must try the Rabbit Pate even though i think they should serve it with something better than Saltine Crackers.When my aunt recommended we eat in a museum restaurant I was dubious (I am from DC and in my experience with our museum eatery's is that they are far less than good).
But after arriving and checking the place out I was quite satisfied. They have a great selection of beers on tap (and even have boozy milkshakes), the decor was subdued but very appropriate  and the menu was quite satisfying. Other than a hiccup with the delivery of my meal everything was quite tasty. The next time I am in NO I will have to give this place a try again.Sad.   The WW2 museum and vets deserve something better than this.   Indifferent service.   How difficult can it be to mess up lunch basics?   Had the chicken wrap.   Be forewarned...it's not Korean BBQ as printed on the menu, rather a version of Korean fried chicken (breaded with sticky sweet sauce.)   Over salted, plus salty kimchee on toasted dry cracker-crust wrap.   Almost couldn't eat it but I was starving and should have said something to the waiter or exchanged it.   The fries that came with it were horrid....limp, greasy, over-browned (seems to be a thing with fries in New Orleans), and way over salted.   I had 2 fries and left the rest....literally couldn't eat them because of the salt (it was almost bitter...that much salt.)   Felt mildly sick for the rest of the afternoon.
Plus there is absolutely no excuse for screwing up Asian fusion anymore.   It's pretty much standard like pizza in the US.
Partner had the cheeseburger sliders.   Looked great when they arrived, but completely over-cooked to a crisp, dry, small squares of highly peppered beef on round buns.   
The best thing about the meal was the pineapple soda.   When I mentioned my unhappiness with the meal and the amount of salt, all I got from the waiter was a blank look and feeble "I'm sorry."
It's a shame Besh cannot give quality at the casual end.   Take a look at what other big names like Wolfgang Puck and Tom Douglas do with their cheap casual joints.So apparently the Warehouse District doesn't observe the New Orleans Sabbath (Monday), and therefore everything is closed on Sunday. As such, I ended up at American Sector for dinner tonight after learning that Sylvain (Plan A) didn't have a table available until 8pm (dinner was for 6pm), and discovering that La Boca, Rio Mar, Wolfe's, and several other restaurants in the Warehouse District were closed. 
That said, I've been meaning to check out American Sector for quite some time now, and the fact that they were open tonight is a large part of the the reason they're getting four stars. 
Overall, it's a pretty interesting place. The space is gorgeous, staff is friendly/professional/attentive, and the menu seemed reasonably huge. Granted, one side of it was entirely cocktails, but that's certainly not something to complain about. 
They bring you spicy pickles instead of, for example, a bread basket. I'm generally not a pickle fan, but these were pretty tasty. I ordered the tomato soup and grilled cheese (minus ham), plus a mixed greens salad that I didn't eat, because it came at the same time as my food. By the time I finished the soup, I wasn't feeling a salad, so I opted for dessert instead. The peppermint patty was awesome; definitely recommend it. 
This place didn't blow me away, but it's definitely somewhere I'll visit again. Perhaps during happy hour or something.I took in Happy Hour this afternoon from 3-6 pm at American Sector; ate 6 Pork Sliders, 9 Meat Pies, and 1 Duck Wing - not all by myself; each one $0.75 each. Also, we had a few cocktails as we sat outside in the excellent 70 degree weather. 
I like this place. It has nice outside atmosphere & service and it's trendy in a retro, non-pretentious way. Within walking distance of the WWII Museum. Thanks to my fellow foodie for this recommendation.
My Opinion:
Pulled Pork Sliders = 4/5 stars
Meat Pies = 5/5 stars
Duck Wing = 2/5 stars
Cocktails = 5/5 starsI've been here a couple of times, and while I think the food is normal good, the reason I return is because of the pickles! Seriously, best pickles of my life! I feel like Snooki from Jersey Shore because I love these pickles so much! 
The atmosphere is fun because the workers are dressed in clothing from WWII and the food is themed after that era as well. Kinda fun and kitschy. The shrimp in a cup is good -- the shrimp is deep fried and still stays pretty crunchy if it's been sitting out, lathered in a spicy aioli. The greens were also pretty tasty. Everything else hasn't been anything to write home about, but the pickles have me coming back!If you find yourself at American Sector and haven't visited the WWII museum, you should re-think your plan and take the tour.  The museum is wonderful and a truly humbling experience.  
I'll admit that I know little about John Besh, but I know enough to recognize that he is a great chef and I would expect all aspects of a Besh restaurant to reflect the type chef that he is.  Service at American Sector was average.  We arrived at what appeared to be a shift change, so the servers ending their shift were in no hurry to help and those coming in weren't quite prepared to work.  The lack of motivation led to a bit of sitting and waiting and was not something that I'd expect from a restaurant of high caliber.  Once we had a service, however, things were pretty good.  One bartender in particular--The Master of the Sazerac--was friendly, funny, and made a damn good drink.  The manager on duty was also quite nice and spoke to patrons either entering or exiting.  
The food.  The rabbit pate was really freakin' good and served in a K-ration tin,  saltines came wrapped in brown kraft paper and I have not stopped thinking about the accompanying celery root slaw for 2 days.  The presentation was wonderful.  I did not feel like eating anything too filling so I settled on the Purple Hull Pea salad.  A wonderful slice of fried hog's head cheese was topped with a perfectly poached egg and surrounded with pea shoots and hull peas.  My only criticism of the dish is that it was so salty that I felt like my tongue had swelled up and turned into one of those balloon animal balloons.  I can excuse a bit of salt considering what was in the dish, but this was a bit excessive.  Deer could have lived off this salt for an entire winter.  All-in-all, though, this was a great dish.  The lady had the fried oysters and said that they were exactly how a fried oyster should be.  I feel that oysters should never be fried, so I'll leave my commentary out about them.  
The bottom line is this:  I'll be back to this restaurant to try out more of their menu items and am already thinking about a visit to another Besh restaurant.  I'm also going to get my hands on a celery root and make that slaw so I can stop thinking about it.Good restaurant at WWII museum.   Trid the pork sandwich on bartender s suggestion andit was great.  Gumbo was also fantastic.I've always wanted to try this place.. and now I'm so disappointed that I did..  You know, I expected so much from this place, and it was just not happening for me..  The atmosphere was nice, the waitress was also nice and informative.. however the food sucks.. we had the following:
- Chicken Gizzards - fried and served with creole mustard - these was pretty decent, nothing to really rave about though
- Duck Wings - korean bbq with pickled veggies - these totally missed the spot for me, they didn't taste like normal korean wings, and they were too huge to eat, why couldn't they just do chicken wings??
- The American Burger - two patties, bacon, jack cheese and onion rings - the burger was mediocre, they have plenty of other awesome burger joints around NOLA
- The Frenchie - two patties, duck confit, foie gras, pickled red onions - this was also mediocre, but probably the best thing we tried here.. and thats not saying much
- Pork belly Ramen - 5 spiced braised pork belly, noodles with bok choy - yeah, yeah we know.. why would you order ramen here??  The person we went with was craving for ramen the past few days, and when he saw it on the menu, thats what he was set on.. boy oh boy was he upset.. it was so bland and the noodles wasn't even the correct noodles for ramen. However, we did not had to pay for the ramen because he barely touched the bowl, and the waitress noticed
I would probably not waste my time here, however I heard the museum was pretty awesome.The food is heavy.  Basically it's a creative take on american staples, huge wiener mobile hot dogs, thick creamy grits, fried gizzards, sliders and oversized sandwiches served on butcher blocks.  I tried the Bologna Sandwich with Chow Chow, it was tasty, the bologna was super thick.  It's not cheap considering it's just basic foods, but you get a lot for your dollar and can easily split meals with someone.  I would go again if I were enjoying a day at the WWII museum, or meeting friends, but it wouldn't be my first choice.On March 17, my husband, daughter, and I went to American Sector for the first time for lunch. The food was good. I had the Buster Crabs, my daughter had the rib eye, and my husband had the short ribs. I like their meals better than mine, but for soft-shell crabs, they were good. The problem that I noticed during that visit was that the service was horrible. Our waitress seemed to forget our table, she asked our daughter but not us if she wanted something more to drink. My husband and I had ordered Sector Sodas and they took forever to arrive at our table. Our food also took a while, so that by the time our meal arrived, our glasses were empty. And since there is a server who brings the meal, we couldn't just ask them for more soda, we had to wait for the waitress. The bowl I was served had a thumbprint of dried food on it, and there was also food particles on my water glass and silverware. We finally did get to order more Sector Sodas, but by the time we got them, we'd finished our meal. The meal itself was fairly expensive for the type of food served, but the portions were large. We had to call the waitress over to get the bill and then she took forever to return for our card because she was too busy clearing tables. When we got home, I wrote an email about the issues we experienced. I received a return email apologizing for the issues and thanking me for alerting them to it. I was also told that these issues were brought to the attention of those who work there. 
So today, my parents were in the city to pick my daughter up for spring break. My father is disabled so I needed to find a restaurant with parking nearby and away from the Quarter because of the Final Four. I decided we could go to the American Sector because it fit our needs. I only suggested this because of the email I received promising that the issues I complained of had been corrected. My father got the shrimp poboy, my mom got the paneed veal, my daughter ordered the rib eye steak again, my husband got the pork cheeks, and I got the beef tongue sandwich. My great-nephew was also there and we ordered him a macaroni and cheese. We also ordered three Sector Sodas (which arrived at the table without the cherries they come with) and one strawberry malt. After we were seated and ordered, two other tables next to us were seated and ordered. They got their food while we were still waiting. It took our food 90 minutes to get to our table and the other two tables had already finished their meals. Our food was apparently waiting for our servers for a while because it was barely still warm. My plate had gravy from the sandwich slopped over the edges and when my husband remarked about it, the server apologized and that was about it. My daughter's rib eye was medium, not medium rare as it was ordered. My husband's pork cheeks were dry. My mother barely ate anything on her plate. Honestly, the best things at the table were the Sector Sodas (the second orders of which showed up with cherries but took forever to arrive) and the french fries that came with my nephew's mac and cheese and my daughter's steak. So the one thing that was good during our last visit, the food, wasn't good on this visit. Our waiter barely checked on us at all the whole time we were there, which amounted to two hours. So much for dropping in for a quick lunch as so many of the reviews say this restaurant is good for. I don't even want to know what the meal cost.  We won't be back and John Besh just lost some fans. We aren't going to be trying any of his other restaurants if this one is that bad even after they've been informed of serious problems.Relaxed, meet elegant. Elegant, meet relaxed. I think there's a happy hour you two would have in common...
American Sector is a nice John Besh-run little place tucked in next to the World War II Museum in between the CBD and Lower Garden District of New Orleans. This establishment features glass doors, well-dressed (and presented) staff, a somewhat subdued environment, and one of the better happy hour selections (so we were told by our resident host). We noshed on pulled pork sliders and a double helping of spicy duck wings, along with a few Tom Collins and Moscow Mules. Service was a bit slow and otherwise unmentionable. With such a large, diverse crowd for happy hour, we understood the lack of time for small talk and other formalities. Perfectly OK for two tired NOLA-newbies and host who just wanted to unwind after a long day. The winner here is the food -- on a future visit to NOLA, I would return for dinner.This is some good classic American food with a few local NOLA additions added to spice it up a bit.  I'm a big fan of the happy hour here with the 75 cent bbq sliders and meat pies.  The meat loaf is HUGE and is the thing most of the staff usually recommend you get if you're hungry.  Most of the things I've tried I've liked here and there have only been maybe two things I wasn't happy with just because the portions were small as compared to the mega portions of most of the other choices.  Very easy parking after 3 as you get to park free across the street and happy hour happens 7 days a week so a nice place for a snack and laid back happy hour.Amazing food, great service and atmosphere - I wish I lived in New Orleans so I could come here more often! A group of us enjoyed dinner there for New Years and it was by far the best food and service we had during our trip. The Executive Chef, Raymond, is a genius! Best shrimp and grits, ever (I mean, smoked Gouda grits... Amazing.) Tried my friends bbq burger - wow, I'm from Texas and I've never even had brisket on a burger before, so good. For dessert I recommend the bananas foster bread pudding. I will definitely be back next time I'm in town!I recently went on a date at the American Sector with Katherine L.  Her review covers our experience very well, but I would like to add some of my own observations as well.
First, I would like to say that I love the cocktails here.  The bartenders clearly enjoy what they're doing and the drinks are classic.  After becoming accustomed to ordering my usual cheap and simple drinks (gin and tonic), its refreshing to have a perfectly crafted old fashioned with my meal.  
We had a hard time choosing the Revolution menu versus the standard menu.  The Revolution was more in like with our date night feel so we decided to go with that menu instead.  I enjoyed everything I had.  The shrimp remoulade in lettuce cups was just right, the sauce had a wonderful flavor, but did not overpower the freshness of the shrimp.  The pumpkin soup with crab was also excellent.  The soup was quite savory and was perfect with the pieces of tender crab meat.  Finally, the duck!  I absolutely love crispy poultry skin.  I know, a lot of people take the skin off because of the fat, etc., but that fat, when cooked just right, crisps up into this heavenly savory case that you just can't understand why anyone would do without that.  Anyway, the skin on the duck was perfectly crisped and the meat was very tender and moist.  I have to say the dessert was a little off.... I had mixed feelings about it.  Its hard to describe, but I'll try.  It was a layered cake that was served in a small mason jar.  It was two layers of cake and icing?  I'm not sure what it was.  It was hard to eat because the icing part was very dense and the cake was a little dry.  It might have been more appetizing if I had been eating it with a hot drink.  I wonder if the creator had been inspired by smells of their own christmas morning.  As soon as I smelled the icing I was taken back to my own parents kitchen and making instant Folgers coffee for my relatives that have come to visit.  It smelled and tasted just like it!  
An additional item sampled that I just can't get my mind off of... the shrimp and crab dip.  The dip was just so... well seafoody?  The other parts of the dip only enhanced the dip.  Let me tell you, not a drop of that dip went back to the kitchen.  The pickles that came with some of the dishes were also impressive.  I would have liked to hear more about the house made pickles, but overall they were also very impressive.
The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.  Although, beyond that I could also see how much other people were clearly enjoying themselves.  My date and I sat for our meal for around 3 hours.  During that time I saw people come in for just cocktails at the bar, some tables sat for a full dinner, others for drinks and apps, and at least one group was there when we arrived, and were still seated when we left.  People are comfortable here, and appear to love to bring the people they care about to share the experience.  It was also clear that there were at least some regulars based on the banter between customers and bartenders.
I will definitely be back.I try to make a point of trying any new John Besh restaurant. I got over to American Sector during its first couple of days. Admittedly they were still working out some kinks, but I wanted to go check it out anyway. 
I didn't have a great deal of time and I went during lunch. I opted to sit at the large bar in the center of the dining room. When I am dining alone I always find this to be a nice way to eat if its an option. 
The bartender was very nice and we spent awhile talking about some of the finer points of the menu before I placed my order. He informed me that the burger sliders were a must have. 
So with my main course decided, I thought the heirloom tomato soup would be a nice start. Lets just say that this was probably the best tomato soup I have ever had. It was served in a can (which is nice accompaniment to the theme of the restaurant). Once it was poured in to the bowl, the green oil in the soup rose to the top for a nice red and green contrast. 
I was also instructed to sample the complimentary pickles. These were a little zesty for my taste, but if you're a fan of hot pickles that have been marinating in juices for a looooong time, you'll like these.
In summary, there are a great many things that I am looking forward to trying at American Sector, but from what I have tried, the place is very good with great service by a friendly and knowledgeable staff. Give it a shot.Another dinner at the Am. Sector and another lovely cocktail.  This time we snacked on the onion rings which turned out to be heavily battered...which I normally don't like but these were still light and delicious, although I was not a fan of the sauce that came with.  My dinner companion got the chicken fried steak and said it was yummy.  While for almost the same price, I ordered the crab salad and it was tiny.  The crabmeat was fresh and rich...but not that rich, y'know?  I wish I had been warned.  I've heard that the restaurant is packed at lunch but at dinner time you still nearly have the place to yourself.Recently had dinner - Here's our take:
Cocktails - 
French 75 cocktail was great (champagne, lemon juice, and gin) 
Last Waltz was not so great (ginger and mint?) 
Entree - 
Buster crab was excellent with the grits. 
Sloppy Joe was good - but the size is embarrassing.  They could tone it down off the wooden slab. 
Meatloaf was good.  The sauces are excellent.  
Dessert - 
Peppermint patti for dessert was delish. 
Funnel cake brings you back to when you were a kid (the pairing with strawberry ice cream is genius). 
Just order a milkshake and enjoy it! 
Atmosphere is great.  Service was fine.  Enjoy your meal!I really love Chef John Besh and have wanted to try this new more casual restaurant located in the WWll Museum. Didn't think we were going to get there on our last trip but on our last day we stopped in to see if they could accommodate our group for lunch and they could!
The atmosphere is very low key, kind of reminds me an airport? The walls are adorned with pictures of old Hollywood movie starts and the staff is dressed in 1940's style garb. Our service was outstanding and this place was packed! The hostess took our drink order as our waiter was busy with other tables. The drinks came very quickly. 
We had two children in our group so it was nice to see a children's menu for them with things like a corn dogs and fries. 
While we were waiting for our food our waitress brought over some jars of homemade house pickles which were amazing! I would go back just for a beer and some of these pickles! 
I had the garlic glazed chicken wings (mainly because I was really eager to try the watermelon pickles) and fries, my husband had the Sloppy Joe. One friend had the grilled ham and cheese, another the seafood po'boy. The food is presented in a unique manner. My husbands sloppy joe was on a huge butcher block. He didn't care for the sloppy joe really but everyone else enjoyed their meal. I am now addicted to watermelon pickles and want a jar of them!
An enjoyable experience, I would go back here for lunch as there are a few other things on the menu I'd like to try.Better than what I would have expected in a museum cafe.  To start we had the headcheese appetizer with an over easy egg on top.  Sounds bad but it was pretty tasty.  Our entrees were the oyster po' boy and the shrimp gumbo, which were both good.  It was nice to take a long break during our visit to the fantastic WW2 museum.Every time I've gone to American Sector for dinner, it's been... okay. 
However, recently, I've been going for lunch and it's pretty fantastic. I don't know why.
My favorite dish to order is the Fried Oyster Salad. Man, they load that thing with oysters! There must have been at least ten oysters on my salad the other day. It comes with delicious blue cheese, great pepper jelly vinaigrette, and perfect greens. 
I also enjoy the Crab Ravigote salad a lot - it doesn't say in the description, but it comes on a bed of greens. 
All in all, I will be sad to lose American Sector with Centerplate taking over all concessions and food in the WWII Museum. I think it's an average restaurant.I was here about a year ago and I really enjoyed the food. Everything I had was simple but delicious. Fast forward one year and I am here again.
This was during lunch so we had the onion rings, burger and fried oyster poboy. The onion rings were just like the way I remembered; big and delicious. The fried oyster poboy was okay. The oysters were small and didn't have much flavor. The burger had a very weird texture to it. I'm not quite sure what the blend of meat it was but it was very dense and had an almost sausage like consistency. I wasn't a fan. I also wish they served fries instead of chips. 
We were talking to another patron and he said they had recently changed their menu. If you can change your menu, keep your standards up.amazing happy hour! we ordered
cupcakes
bbq sliders
meat pies
duck wings
the best price for awesome happy hour! really loved the delicious meat pies and bbq sliders!Five Stars!  Pretty lofty....here is why: 
1) We ate at the bar and were welcomed warmly, offerred suggestions on the menu, immediately made to feel at home and enjoyed the time there. 
2) Had a wonderful meal but we will get there. 
3) Had an opportuinity to meet with Chef John Besh (picture is to the left!!) This guy is the best.  First his perspective on food I just get and love.  Second he doesnt try to shove that perspective down your throat in every construct.  Third he got up from a friendly lunch to spend time with us and was happy to do so.  
This third point speaks to Chef Besh as a businessperson and a man.  How great is it that his staff knew they could ask him to do that and it wouldnt be an issue? !  
On to the food.  Wonderful!  My most lovely wife had the grilled ham and cheese and the tomato soup.  She raved.  Served in a can they pour the soup over a basil aoli.  I had the pulled pork "sloppy joe".  Vinegary, saucy metling into the bread.  All the things you want in a sloppy joe.  
This was Besh experience number 2 of the trip and it was altogether wonderful and a significant highlight of the trip.A definitely average, acceptable place for lunch if you are at the WW2 musem. 
They have a "full" bar but don't expect the bartenders to actually know what they have in stock and use in the drinks. I wanted the Spicy Paloma drink but wisely asked what tequila they were going to use since the menu told you all the other rums and gin they used in the other drinks but just "tequila" in the Paloma, which is absolutely suspect. The waitress told me she would get an answer and disappeared. After five minutes I quit caring and just ordered an Abita Amber for $5. Homey don't play like that with the mystery "tequila"
Michelle M.'s point about the cool countertop at the bar is pretty spot on. Sit at the bar and play with the tiles on the countertop like me! 
The food is meh. The Cobb salad was a disappointing $13 stab in the general direction of edible. The avocado had a nice brown color going for it, almost made me feel like this was Army cooking all over again without the aid of the trusty tabasco to hide that color and the taste too. The Cajun dressing was salty and flavorless. The blue cheese was a tiny handful. The greens were about a day too old to be considered premium. At least the old gal came loaded down with some bacon to salvage this thing. 
With that being said, the waitress correctly took down my dining companion's specific order. When the good arrived it was wrong. The cute, affable ginger manager came over and sorted it out by comping the item from the bill without the need for any dramatics and crying. That's how you handle your business when you make an error. 
Not the best food by a long shot - but great customer service and a cool bar countertop go the distance to make this place an acceptable lunching spot if you are in the 'hood.I love this museum restaurant. Unlike other museum eateries this place delivers on quality, great food presentation! chips are served in metal run cans, kids meals arrive in metal lunch boxes from Soda Shop. They have this yummy salad with smoked scallops! It's a must try on the menu. The crab salad is original but the flavor is a bit flat, I put some tobacco to add a little kick. Overall great experience! A must stop for lunch !I have to say my experience was near perfect besides for the soggy fries. I now finally understand why one of my online friends goes there soo often for happy hour. For some odd reason I thought this place would be small and cramped it's the exact opposite very spacious!
The patio outside looks soo nice and comfortable. It looked like I could sit outside for 3 hours with no problem.
The cheeseburger slider was awesome finally some place that uses 3 individual burgers with it's very own bun.
I went to Luke's for my birthday this year I should have come here instead.i really have difficulty with this place.  the service was bad but the food was ok.  the waiter kept complaining that he had so much to do as happy hour was ending, but i found him just walking around the place.  he would speak to only one table in the row and leave everyone else to their own devices.  i heard other people in our row say how annoying it was to deal with this guy.  anyways - the food.  we got there 20 min before happy hour ended so we took advantage of the $.75 happy hour food and $4 drinks.  The drinks were sweet and yummy, hard to complain when they are $4.  We got the pulled pork sliders (eh, they were ok, albeit on the sweet side), the meat pies (awesome, wish we ordered more of these!) and the duck wings (i'm not a wing person and i don't like skin, and these were all rubbery skin, yuck!  the sauce was awesome, but there wasn't any meat on them, just fatty skin, ick!)  for dinner i had the shrimp creole which was really good.  i liked it but it wasn't very hot when it arrive despite the cast iron pot it comes in.  it was just luke warm and i would have liked it to be hotter.  the boy got the big pig po-boy or something like that.  it was Vietnamese style like bah-min and it was super yummy.  i love anything that has pickled vegetables.  overall, i'd come back for happy hour, maybe.I am upgrading my rating of the American Sector based on another awesome meal. 
There was a VIP event for the unveiling of the new expansion, so there was a flyover by a B-17 bomber. Needless to say, that was incredible. I wasn't invited to the VIP event, so I decided to have a great meal instead of schmoozing with the Mayor and other politicians. 
We ordered the cheeseburger sliders and the shrimp and spicy sausage po-boy. I had the po-boy and it was excellent. The shrimp were perfectly cooked and tasty. There was some sort of sauce that did make the sandwich too messy and unstable to pick up and eat, so I used my fork. Like most of the sandwiches, it comes with homemade potato chips. I don't even like plain chips, but these are really good. 
I was told the sliders were also good. It is considered an appetizer, but it is really enough food for a meal. 
Every meal comes with complimentary spicy pickles. These are my favorite pickles. Try some. You will enjoy them. 
Service was good. Our server was training, so he was a little over the top, but the drinks were never left empty and he was very attentive. 
The restaurant is attached to the WWII museum. The museum is truly incredible and it is a wonderful thing for the city. If your a local, this would be a great spot for lunch. If your a tourist, make sure to stop after you visit the museum.I have to say, I was disappointed with the food.  I really was expecting more considering the reputation, John Besh, and the price tags.
We ordered the sliders, the only really decent dish that we had. We also ordered the Sloppy Joe, because they had run out of the duck wings during happy hour, we also got the smoked bbq lamb ribs, and a side of mashed potatoes.
Aghast! Mashed potatoes with a more whipped consistency with tons of butter!  But oh Noes, it tastes like it may be part instant potatoes!
Smoked bbq lamb ribs smelled divine and at first bite tasted delicious.  However, as we progressed, the majority of the substance to the lamb ribs was pure fat with small slivers of meat, and it also became increasingly salty.  We forced ourselves to try to finish this dish but alas we failed.
Sloppy Joes?  How about tangy joes? The meat texture and amount was perfect and overflowing, however the meat was so tangy that it was bringing tears to my eyes. The tanginess made it so difficult to eat.  How about those house made chips that came with the sloppy joes?  Flavor OK, texture, not even crispy, I might even say bordering the soggy oily end. Disappointing.  However, I was eating more of the chips and mashed/whipped potatoes than the Sloppy Joes tear-jerking meat and fatty greasy lamb ribs.  And I love MEAT!  Does that say anything to you?
The only real good thing at the table that bumps this rating from a 2 to a 3?  The Cocktail.  My girlfriend had an Old Fashioned and she said that it was perfect and so tasty and delicious.
I really hope the restaurant was having a bad day, but I don't know, we went on a saturday night and there were only 3 other tables seated other than us.
I guess my only recommendation is to coming during cocktail hour.... I definitely don't think I will be eating here again.
Oh and what?  The table next to us gets a seasonal menu but we aren't even offered a look at it? Bah!I was so excited to check out American Sector.  Its super close to my condo, they have an adorable outdoor seating area, great happy hour specials and you hear John Besh's name all the time regarding eating in New Orleans. 
Quite honestly, the food didnt do it for me.  The presentation was great and everything sounded alright, but there was nothing we ordered that was out of this world and there was nothing on the menu you just felt you HAD to try.  I'm not a huge fan of desserts but I will say their cupcakes were delicous.  That said, we ordered cupcakes because our meals were mediocre and both of us were still a little hungry since we had no interest in eating much of our order.
The service was on point though.  Our server was a doll and little things, like the water constantly being filled, made it a pleasurable experience.  There was a huge family sitting next to us, and I dont want to sound like an @sshole, but I guess I'm so used to not being around children when having dinner and drinks with friends, that it was slightly on the annoying side.  
I'm sure due to the location, really friendly service and cute outdoor seating, I'm sure I'll return, but I'll probably stick to drinks and maybe an appetizer and/or cupcake.I tried this place three times.  The 1st was good which was over 2 yrs ago but the last two times were the worst food experiences ever.  I had the lamb dish which was 80% fats and 20% meats.  They covered the all thing in a dark sauce to disguise the fats.  Nasty and super overprice.  I tried the pastrami sandwich the 3rd time with friends which was the last and final visit. The bread was dripping in the heavy drenched butter liquid.  And half the sandwich was missing the pastrami meat.  John Besh is dropping the ball on this place and ruining his name.Excellent food! Best French Dip and Monte Cristo we have ever had. Great prices and specials for happy hour. Pricey, but you definitely get what you pay for. In the WWII museum, we would not have stopped if we were not visiting the museum. Well worth the trip across the street compared to other museum food courts. Highly recommend it.American Sector is an orgasm in your mouth! My husband and I have gone here several times with friends. We're usually creatures of habit and order the following items: fried chicken gizzards, short rib sloppy joe, and the blue crab and sausage stew. Recently we decided to venture out and ordered the perfect pig poboy.... I died when I ate it (in a good way). And everyone at the table too! Our friends ordered the country fried steak and the hanger steak. Nothing we've ever gotten so far was far from delicious. The restaurant is new, clean, and conveniently located next to the WWII museum. I love the patriotic vibrance. This place serves comfort food at its best!Beef Short Ribs with Mac n Cheese. Back to the hotel. Repeat. 
Lamb ribs are great too. We will be back. 
The drinks suck so stick with beer.Came here after reading the enticing blurb in the New Orleans visitors guide. 
At first glance the restaurant looks cute and welcoming. When I walked inside though it was freezing. I know its warm in New Orleans but no amount of heat especially at 7:00 pm at night called for the below freezing temp that greeted us as we walked in. The girl at the podium was friendly and even she joked about having to put on her sweater. My husband and I decided to eat outside as did everyone else apparently.
Our server was mediocre. Normal hi what can I get for you small talk but nothing special. Looking over the menu I was surprised to see the prices for the items being offered. $6 milkshake and an $8 " famous"  hotdog thinking it has to be phenomenal for that price....next time I'll save my money and head for Costco. We also ordered the seasonal vegetables and can I say whew! Can I get some veggies with the garlic that they were smothered in. They were almost inedible. 
I have to say that $45 later I expected a little more from the quality of food and service. My first visit to New Orleans was great but this was for sure at the bottom of my list. I should have headed back to acme oyster house. The staff made it well worth it!Favorites: the burger sliders and meatpies!
I also tried the fried oysters and monte cristo.the monte cristo was okay it was a bit too sweet.
I love the layout and environment there. It felt like i was back in time yet the building is very modern like.
If the weather wasnt too hot that day i wouldve enjoyed eating outside.This is only for the happy hour food from 3 - 6 (happy hour err' day!)
What we got:
-BBQ pork sliders - sauce is too tart :T
-Meat Pies - Yum! They're like deep fried pierogis filled with cream sauce and meat haha... A little on the rich side though
-Korean duck wings - Meh. I liked the sauce, but there was too much fat so some bites were straight up fat...
-Fries [$3.00] - Comes in a tin can, pretty well fried; I love fries. unless they're bad haha [i.e. mushy, soggy, flavorless]
Why I DO like a lot: 75 cents for EACH slider, meat pie, or wing!!! And the wings are pretty decently sized too...
Since I'm not a big drinker, I didn't order anything from the bar, but draft is $2.50, select wine by the glass and cocktails are $4.00!A lot of Yelpers seem to have been drawn to Chef John Besh's fabulous new restaurant for the happy hour. We came for the food, and we left very, very happy. Actually, we were there for lunch after spending the morning at the adjacent World War II Museum. Honey-glazed fried chicken was delicious, and the simple chicken sandwich -- with bits of bacon  and spicy cheese -- was almost indescribably wonderful. Add a side of crunchy cole slaw and some homemade pickles and potato chips and we counted ourselves fortunate indeed! Best lunch we've ever had at any restaurant connected to any museum we've ever visited, and we don't mean for that to seem like half-hearted praise in any way. 
The tables are a bit too close together for out pleasure -- who needs to know about your neighbor's chronic indigestion? -- but the server was young and high-spirited, and we enjoyed talking with her. Maybe we should have tried some drinks besides water, but based on what others are saying and our experiences with the food, we think you probably can't go wrong here.My friend works here so we got the hookup, but either this type of food doesn't appeal to me or it's just not very special, because I don't think I would come here much if my friend wasn't working. It gets hyped up a lot because it's a John Besh restaurant, but although the atmosphere WAS fantastic (modern open spaces, very comfortable yet sleek ambiance, the waitstaff are all wearing wartime clothes, etc.), the menu failed to impress me. 
Unfortunately, since my friend did all the ordering for us (he took our menus away as soon as we sat down) and just sent items out, I can't give you exact names of some of the things. I will say that my friend raved about the pork sliders, thought the meat pies were OK, we both enjoyed our cocktails (there's a Lemonade flavored one that I enjoyed less), the outside dining area is fantastic, the blueberry smoothies are PHENOMENAL, our two favorite cupcakes were the Nutella (mine) and the bacon (his), and the other two cupcake flavors were meh. The banana split was OK. We had a couple PBRs each as well. I told you my friend gave us the hookup! We couldn't even stand up straight when we left because we were so f-ing full! 
Honestly, this place doesn't strike me as anything too special, but if you like hearty traditional American "wartime" food, this might be your thing. I'm a pescatarian, so that automatically eliminated 95% of the menu for me.
Also, after 3 PM they offer free parking in the lot across the street!The service sucks......she forgot my drink and she was too busy with the 5 year old with a passy in her mouth.  Didn't even get a simple...I'm sorry...besides her awful service the onion rings with secret sauce was the bomb....Katie had rueben and it was tasty.....I had the spicy sausage shimp poboy and it was awesome.......place looks cool good food ...just needs a little workYou HAVE to try a chocolate malt here! 
Totally old school and totally awesome!
Burgers and chili dog were also excellent!
Great service! Love the retro outfits!
Great deals at happy hour too.
Try the 75 cent sliders. ;)
I'll definitely be giving them another try.
Cheers!I was downtown today and I decided to try a downtown restaurant. I tend to view downtown restaurants with suspicion- partly because I know they are more targeted towards tourists and because I assume they'll be that much more expensive. I was more than pleasantly surprised with the American Sector.
While the outside gives it a look that may be far removed from being more of a neighborhood restaurant, I felt more welcome there than I thought I would. There was a party of LSU students gathering outside and a good mix of locals and tourists inside. It is a John Besh restaurant and therefore it is, technically, a local joint. Honestly, I'm not the type who knows much about chefs and/or cooking and what makes them special but I am keen enough to know he's a popular chef in the city now. Now I definitely want to try out his other restaurants.
While the inside is definitely meant to be one part of the WWII museum experience, I didn't mind it. I sat down at the bar. The TV sets there were videos of the end of WWII in America with all the soldiers coming back home to kiss their wives and girlfriends in front of the cameras and throughout the restaurants there were pictures of a very idealized America which was interesting.
I think I also decided to eat here at the right time. It was Happy Hour and they have draft beer for $2 and .75 cent "sliders" (little burgers with a lot of meat). I got three sliders and an Abita Amber. The sliders themselves were fantastic actually- pulled bar-be-que pork with a few small crispy onion rings which was a surprisingly good mix. It was also more than enough to fill me up and they were excellent.
The bartenders were very nice and friendly too, I should add. Overall, I'd say if you want to try out a more "gourmet" version of "American" food... make your way over here, especially for Happy Hour.Great place hidden in a museum. It's upscale for a museum, prob because it is associated with John Besh. You cant beat the sliders and meat pies that are 75cents. This goes on during happy hour 3-6 when beer is like $2.50. Not bad! I experienced great service. For dessert you need to try the Blondie...yum!I'm writing this review as a vegetarian. The only thing I could have ordered food wise would have been a crappy salad sans whatever meat they add to it. Yea, that's creative. So I got a Perrier with (fresh) lemon. This place is inside a tourist attraction so one would think the food would be more diverse but I guess the cuisine is designed for Americans given the nature of the museum. 
About the food: My friend got the rueben and onion rings - huge portions.  If you want to feel over fed on unhealthy fried food, eat here.
Server was super friendly and sweet.
I give it three stars because of the sleek design and layout of the space.I don't usually like writing a review on restaurants that have over 100+ reviews because what's the point but I had heard so many great things about American Sector that I am disappointed.
I should probably round down to 2 stars (since I would rate 2 1/2) but I will round up because I always appreciate when business owners spend lots of their own money to rehabilitate areas of New Orleans that were recently wasteland.
I had The American Burger.  I believe it was $13.50.  I ordered it medium rare and it came out medium well.  The burger really have any flavor except for the onion rings on the burger which were awesome.  The homemade chips that come with it are awful.
My friend got one of the Kosher foot long  hot dog.  He said he didn't like it.  It was only $8.00 so not too bad.
Our flamboyant waiter was not very attentive and seemed to really hate his job.
Also, we had to eat outside even though it was about to pour because the inside felt like to was -10 degrees (and I love cold A/C).
I've been told that the Reuben is what I should order at American Sector even though I do not like Reubens.  However, I don't know if after this last experience I would chose to go back.Just okay for the price you are paying.  Great location. Fairly good service.  Green goddess dressing had very little flavor.  Korean burger was tasty.  Monte cristo was good but not great.  We were so excited and expecting so much more from john besh!I've been to the American Sector about four times in the two years I've lived in New Orleans and the experiences have been continually worse. The first trip, I fell in love with the restaurant and insisted on returning with my mom. The food seemed a bit blander the second time around, but it was still a good stop. My next trip came well over a year later when I stopped in a month ago in March 2014. My friend ordered the shrimp po-boy and the waiter brought out a reuben. When he informed the waiter of his mistake, the waiter tried to tell him that the reuben was in fact the shrimp po boy. When my friend pointed it that it clearly was not the same sandwich, as there was no shrimp anywhere in sight, the waiter had to go check with the chef to make sure it was the wrong sandwich. My friend and I have both waited tables for years and we were horrified that the waiter could not recognize the sandwich off his own menu. This is supposed to be a Besh restaurant and I guarantee a waiter at Luke would never get away with not knowing the menu. The waiter finally came back and confirmed that he had delivered the wrong sandwich and then asked my friend if he wanted the kitchen to make him the po boy. My friend did in fact want the po boy and we asked for it to go, as we'd now wasted over an hour. The smores pie was delicious. 
Well, I just went back yesterday at my mom's insistence and had an even worse experience. The hostess was incredibly rude when we first arrived. Our server was very nice and knew the menu quite well (a welcome change). One of the bar tenders was on his phone the entire time, I could not help but think about how quickly I would be fired if I behaved in the same manner. The restaurant was pretty much empty, maybe one other table in the whole place. The food came out quickly and everything was disgustingly over salted. The onion rings just sat after we all took one bite. My fries were pretty much inedible. Everyone left about half their food on their plate. A few hours later, I was feeling horribly sick and have been experiencing what I would consider to be food poisoning for the last 15 hours or so. 
I will not be returning.This is a John Besh restaurant so no surprise that it has a spectacular menu. However, the 40's memorabilia and decor make this a very unique experience when dining. The USO type shows next door at the Stage Door Canteen are absolutely worth the price of admission.The best fried oyster po boy !!!!!!!!! Hands down!  Great food, awesome drink list, reasonable prices.  We had the best bartender - Bill "Dolla Bill" too he made this stop on our trip full of jokes, stories and laughter (plus a little impromptu rapping!)
If you are going to the WWII museum, which you should, make this where you have lunch or dinner!This is my second time at American sector and I love the environment! It's very welcoming and the service is really good. You MUST try their shrimp bites, their sliders and their Oyster Poboy, it's really good. They have one of the best meat pies I have ever tried. I recommend going during happy hour!We took a break from my husband's epic odyssey through the National WWII museum to digest the camp of Tom Hanks' 4D video experience.  In addition to needing to talk about ANYTHING other than WWII, I needed food.  We split fried oysters, chicken wings, and a sloppy joe.  I thought the sloppy joe was tasty but there was an abundance of meat and a couple chunks that were a bit dry.  We could have done without the oysters.  The chicken wings were tasty.  We also had a banana foster milk shake.  Suffice it to say, I could have been rolled through the rest of the museum (and we still had a long way to go before hubby had his fill).  The service was a bit lacking.  Our waiter wasn't particularly friendly and it may have been at the end of his shift because we didn't really see him again after he took our order now that I think about it.  The milk shake didn't come until several minutes after our food arrived.  Total bill $50 ... seemed a bit high to me but we were at a tourist site so I wasn't shocked.Great happy hour! love the salad with Hogs head cheese. The server Juan was awesome!American Sector was my first John Besh experience but not my last. I wanted to try this one first because I heard from fellow yelpers this is a very casual place. As you may know from my other reviews I'm from out of town and work here in NOLA. That means I eat out a lot and sadly by myself most of the time. This is a pretty cool restaurant, on the surface it seemed a little dressier that I thought but found it really laid back and casual. The bartender Stacy was friendly and knowledgeable but a little to "in your face" for my taste. She really pushed the meatloaf but I wasn't buying it I can make my own meatloaf. So I started with the rabbit pate' great move. This was awesome and one of the best things I've eaten here in NOLA but I wish they came with bread or something other than saltine crackers clever plating thou, appearing to be part of a MRE.  Then for my entree I got the braised short ribs another good choice. Fall apart tender meat well seasoned what I believe collard greens on top. Then huge huge kudos to the chef for the Mac and cheese at the bottom of the dish. Perfectly al dente long macaroni noodles and a cheese sauce that was flavorful but not in the least dense or sticky it even had some shredded beef in the sauce. In all the food here was top notch the service was a little quirky but clearly worth a try or three. Oh yea and the price isn't bad either.The food was created by a master chef who just happens to hate his employees. As such, the service was much to be desired for and honestly, the food you could get a better value for at any pub.Delicious GUMBO!!  Tried the bibb lettuce salad (remember this lettuce is NOT crispy), also tried the sloppy joe (very salty), french fries and the chicken sandwich with bacon and peppers.  Stick with the GUMBO and you'll be right.I met some friends there for drinks--imagine my surprise when I saw that it was another John Besh creation, having just eaten at Luke the evening before. First off, let me tell you that the creatives did a great job with the space--it's gorgeous and airy, with high ceilings, a chic horseshoe bar, and just the right amount of memorabilia. The problem was, as it was for me at Luke, the service. It had some high notes, but was overall pretty brutal. After walking ohIdunno, maybe five miles, I was pretty parched. Took over twenty minutes to get water, and when I did, it was only a half of a glass, with no ice. Trust me NOLA, we Northerners suffer in your climate, and large amounts of ice water is basically gas in the tank for us. My cocktail, a steal at $4, was utterly delicious, once I finally got it. There was a lengthy delay on the entire round of drinks--apparently a keg had blown, and it must be pretty complicated to change a keg, because no cocktails were brought out until this keg was replaced. It was over a half hour from sitting down to cocktail in hand for me. Meanwhile, there were only about a half a dozen tables and several employees visiting at the bar. Shortly after getting our first round, our server checked back and said it was last call for the (excellent) happy hour. My group ordered a bunch of food and drink. Things went fine after that until near the end of our visit. The cupcakes ordered never arrived (I think without explanation, but we were not charged for them) and when the bill came, it turns out we were overcharged $40 because the last round of HH food was rung in at regular prices. This was also remedied without too much incident. Since we had a group of 6 or 7, I'm glad someone in our group caught it.
Everyone raved about the food (similarly, my food at Luke was delicious), but a theory emerged at the table: places built on the name of a chef sometimes pour all of the talent into the food, forgetting that the experience is actually more important than the food. I hate to even utter that sentiment aloud, but there's truth to it. My other thought, and I don't live in NOLA, so I can't answer this myself: Has the John Besh empire grown too big, too fast?American Sector has a beautiful patio, lovely service, and kind employees but for the most part the food sucks. I split the Chicken Fried Steak and a Pork Special. Both were over seasoned and not tasty at all. The sliders and Banana Foster's milkshake are delicious so when I received a dinner that was lack-luster I was very surprised. It was very expensive and totally not worth it. I think in the future sticking to the burgers would be wise, otherwise this pricey joint isn't worth the wait.seriously this place is fun! great drinks, pretty good food, an awesome staff....they employ one of the best waitstaff in the city......one in particular is beyond incredibly awesome, (take a bow jessica!).....this gal has got it going on, she knows how to give incredible customer service and every waitron in town should be taking lessons from her....oh wait...yes, the food --- inventive, fun, different, tasty and top notch!! did i mention the drinks were good too? did i mention the drinks are good also? someone has already mentioned happy hour, so can i mention that the drinks are good too....especially during happy hour.....:-)We stopped here before going to the museum. With a group of 6, we were told 25 minute wait. No problem, cocktail time. Everybody had beer but I had the Ramon Gin Fizz. This was absolutely the best I have had. Almost an hour later, we we questioned the hostess about our table. She said the other hostess sat a party of 6 at our table and we would have to wait another 25-30 minutes. Unbelievable. One of the managers overheard the conversation with the hostess. He immediately took over.. He had us seated promptly, bought us a drink and sent out 4 different appetizers. As none of these were necessary, it was very thoughtful and appreciated. The shrimp appetizers were out of this world. The chicken gizzards had to be the most tender I have ever had and the others were just as great. I am not really sure why I ordered the Chicken & Dumplings, but I did. WOW!!!! They were the best I have ever had. (Sorry grandma). It was almost like a soup. Thank goodness for the internet, I now have the recipe. Everyone commented on how wonderful their food was. Being in New Orleans for 5 days, what started out slow ended up being the best place we ate at. (Including some very fancy dancy restaurants).I am a Besh FANATIC. At least I thought I was... my only experience prior was the regular-but-not-regular-enough jaunt to August (which I've yet to review because even thinking of their foodgasm-inducing fare sends me into DTs, but I digress). 
I dunno, per American Sector, I expected... something different?  I read the reviews, I checked out the menu, and I got my hopes up because, even though I tend to swing French/Asian/something I can't prepare in my own kitchen when it comes to restaurant outings, the occasional homestyle Americana hits the spot. Or misses. In this case, misses by a long shot.
We - my food-adventerous fiance, my meat-and-potatoes and visiting-from-NC-dad, and I (who will eat anything not nailed down) - arrive around 7:45 to a mostly empty albeit winsome and modernly-decorated dining room.  Not necessarily the most encouraging scene, but it's Monday during tourism down-time.  We're promptly seated, greeted by our very pleasant server, Carrie, and proceed to examine the retro-styled menu.   Fiance orders a beer, the P-51.  Out of stock - strike one. Tries again with the ever-classy champagne of beers, High Life. Out of stock - strike two. Orders a third beer, the Blonde Bombshell. Fortunately, this one was available, though not at first glance - it was hiding in the cooler, and was pretty delicious... not High Life delicious, but still pretty good.  
After drinks get settled, we begin a proper perusal of the menu - you know, the foreplay part of the meal that sets the pace for the entire dining experience.  Even though I'd all but memorized the menu from the website, it seemed there were fewer options that I anticipated, and the stuff that was there seemed almost... gimmicky?  Not bad, just not exciting. I love rabbit, and I love pate, so naturally the rabbit pate was my app pick. We also got the crab pies and, to my surprise, my dad opted for the gizzards. Technically, gizzards are meat, and my dad's a southern guy, so it made sense; whatevs.   
The pate arrived in a rations-style tin with an American Sector paper-wrapped sleeve of saltines. Clever, I guess, but not visually appealing:  even though the texture is similar, I don't want to be served anything that even vaguely resembles cat food. And saltines? Really? I know it's not August, but still!  Brioche! Wheat crackers! Crostini! A damn piece of tree bark! Not saltines!   What can I say, it made me sad... and not just the presentation, but the flavor!  It tasted, to me, like American cheese: very salty, very processed, and not at all savory as I was hoping.  The fiance liked it, but he also likes plain slices of American cheese.   The gizzards and crab pies were nothing special - not bad, not delicious, just so-so.  We also ordered a bowl of gumbo to share which, as a soup, was pretty good, but as a gumbo in a city rife with amazing cajun and creole options, it was very ho-hum.
Now for entrees!  I realise that I've written an essay at this point, so I'll attempt (and probably fail) to keep it brief:
Fiance - Beef short ribs.  Good flavor, horrible execution. There was some sort of chipotle/arbol seasoning in the mac and cheese that went well with the beef, but unfortunately the macaroni noodles weren't completely cooked so it fell flat. Greens and additional jalepeno grits were tasty, but not enough to make it worhwhile.  5.5 out of 10 stars.
Dad - Chicken-fried steak.  A verrrry picky eater born in Mississippi, my dad is a chicken friend steak purist.  Mushrooms in the gravy didn't make him happy, but he's afraid of vegetables and fungi, so keep that in mind. French fries were, in my opinion, delicious - pommes frites in need of a good garlic aioli instead of ketchup - but as far as he was concerned, the dish was lackluster.  4 out of 10 stars.
Yours truly - Chicken and dumplings.  My dad almost ordered this but then called an audible when he was informed that, rather than have the traditional biscuit doughy blobs of dumplings (gag) so loved by good ol' boys and girls, this dish had ricotta dumplings that were similar to gnocchi. Oh, and vegetables.  He doesn't do squash, carrots, or green beans, baby or otherwise, so no thanks. I, however, am a huge fan of all of the aforementioned, so I went with it.  It was okay... the presentation was fine and the dumplings soft and pillowy, but the chicken wasn't well-trimmed, so I kept having to remove knobs of fat and cartilage from my mouth. The veggies were perfectly cooked and al dente, but the overall dish seemed very thick and short on flavor. 4 out of 10 stars.
By this point, I was very full, but the boys felt it necessary to power through dessert.  A hazelnut-caramel banana split and vanilla/candied bacon cupcake made its way to our table.  The split? Awesome. Bruleed sugar on a banana? Yes!   The cupcake? Bacon for dessert? YES!  Unless it tastes like a maple-sweetened Beggin Strip.  Sad face...
Maybe it's better and busier at lunch, but I'm not dying to return.Service was less than friendly food was okay. Asked about where the meat pies are from got a go to hell look...Added a star because the onion rings were some of the best I have ever had. 
Summation, from the lassitude of our server, confusion on orders, the condition, temperature, and flavor of our food, this mission is as follows; MRE - Meals Rejected by the Enemy. Our vets deserve a better choice than this crap.
Last full day in NOLA, wanted to cap it off with a spectacular lunch at a Besh restaurant. We should have gone to Luke. If I hadn't eaten at Luke, I would be of the opinion that this Besh fellow has no idea what good food is, and that all the people that rave about his creations and attention to detail are completely FUBAR. 
We were some of the first customers for lunch today. Absolutely no excuse for what happened. Talk about a -4 star Cluster you-know-what. 
Tomato soup with ham finger sandwiches, soup cold, ham sandwiches meh.
Two burgers, one med, one med well, no idea which was which, servers had to go back to the kitchen to figure it out. Burgers were, meh. 
Pork po boy, dry, overcooked, not nearly enough dressing, double meh. Had to ask the server to bring more dressing. Server brought mayo, no extra veggies, even after I showed her the pitiful amount of carrot whatever it was, triple meh.
Fries for the burgers and po boy, old, cold, shriveled. Good lord.
Dessert and coffee. As soon as I added the cream the coffee turned that 2-3 hour old ugly brown color, uh oh. The bacon cupcake icing was pretty good, the sliver of bacon stuck in the top was congealed and cold, disgusting, and the yellow cake of the cupcake was dry. Total for this SNAFU $96. 
John Besh, you should be ashamed, and rename this 'restaurant' The American Suck-tour. Stay away from this over-priced tourist trap.Great happy hour- delicious food but terrible service. Very disappointed in how slow the servers were and the lack of caring whether they provided good service or not. John Besh can do better.John Besh's take on classic American comfort food.  I don't know too many places that are kid friendly as well as serving up some really creative cuisine.  The house made hot dog is incredible, and the baloney sandwich with chow chow is an amazing take on the boring old lunch bag standby.  (Full disclosure - I'm okay with that boring old standby.)  The pork cheeks are succulent and probably my favorite entree.  The kids meals come in a metal lunch box with a free plastic army man, and I must confess I have ordered the corn dog off the kids menu for myself.  There is a great selection of classic cocktails from the first half of the 20th century, and you can order a homemade soft drink that comes in a dispenser for the table.  You can get quite a few glasses out for six bucks, so it's great to share.  Oh, yeah, there's a huge WWII museum attached to the place.  You might want to check that out, too.This is a great restaurant.  I had the shrimp in a cup and my friend had the tomato soup and sandwich.  All was excellent.Place was empty so we thought we would get in and out. We were seated in a corner out if site of the waiters that were chatting with each other. So we sat and sat a bit more. Ten minutes in a more or less empty restaurant with no one looking our way. Finally a waiter walked past to another table. OK cool he will get us on his way back. Nope back to chatting. So I can't say how the food was because we left but I can say the service is terrible!Amazing Food and great service. I work uptown and i wanted to try somewhere new, i used Yelp to help me find American Sector. Parking was a little confusing at first but after circling the block it wasn't that bad. When we first walked in the front doors  you could see Old Pictures all over the walls. The waitress was very nice and cheerful, we could see other peoples plates and everything looked good. We ended up ordering a Crab Pie appetizer, damn was it freaking good. I almost stabbed my wife's hand trying to get the last one but she beat me to it. We ordered the veal and a French dip, we told the waitress we planned on splitting everything so she could bring us an extra plate. They went the extra mile, they split everything for us, we both got equal portions of the meal. At first i thought they accidentally gave us 2 of each meal since the portion sizes were not small. The Veal had like a Panko crust so it was extra crispy but tender, over some Crab fried rice with pancetta.  That by it self was amazing, the French dip was perfect. The beef was cooked to perfection, it had lots of flavor ( some garlic chunks ) with some au jus that was like liquid gold. They served it with homemade chips that were pretty good. Usually i don't get desert but i seen they had red velvet & chocolate Nutella cupcakes so we got one of each to split. By the time the cupcakes got to us we were so stuff we had to take home. When we did finally eat them i like it so much i eat my wife's portion on accident.  Overall a great experience i look forward to going back and trying something else.Being the John Besh groupie I am I can't help but continue to visit and love this place. First off its connected to the World War Museum, which makes it a little more awesome. Not only is it a very cute restaurant but yummy too. If you are dining with more than one you should definitely try the Sector Soda, it comes in this huge container. Its no wayyy you can finish off all that delightful flavored drink, but you can have fun trying.  Appetizers I love here are the mini cheeseburgers and the Spicy garlic glazed fried chicken, they are sooo yummy, I must warn you these could be a meal in itself. Note: If you want a yummy lunch go and order an appetizer because they will fill you up!
Main Course: My favorite has to be the Shrimp Creole with Louisiana Jasmine rice. Such a delightful dish, filling and just the right flavor, you definitely won't go wrong with this dish. I must also tell you the fries!!!!! I could eat their fries all day long, those fries are what I call true COMFORT FOOD.
Milkshakes: I love their milkshakes, specifically the vanilla. Yummy Yummy.
Parking: In the evenings parking is free in the lot across from American Sector. During the day parking I believe is $5 and their is a good amount of meter parking in the area as well as other lots.I typically go to the American Sector to sit outside in the evenings and have a tasty cocktail before moving on to our dining location. I saw an advertisement for the restaurant's happy hour of half price drinks and 75 cent sliders. We ordered at the bar and no one would regard us for 10 minutes. I was surprised and disappointed with the lack of service. It was nearing the end of the happy hour but I would still expect the bar tenders to wait on us as well as their existing patrons. We were finally able to ordered the sliders and a few cocktails and they brought out the wrong appetizer. The cocktails were tasty but the sliders were unimpressive. The pulled pork was bland and was just dolloped on cheap white bread buns. I would expect a more exciting dish from a Besh restaurant, like a sauce or a cole slaw or pickles or something to go with the sliders but it was truly just warm bland pork on some unexciting hamburger buns.
I will stick with my original plan to enjoy the American Sector for its cocktails and pleasant outside ambiance but will stay away from the food for now.We asked our server at the Blue Plate for walking directions to the WWII Museum, and she emphasized that we *had* to hit Happy Hour at the American Sector. Half price beers and mixed drinks; 75 cent sliders and meat pies; wonderfully engaging server. I normally wouldn't give five stars based on a single visit and limited sampling of the menu, but this was truly a Woohoo! experience.This restaurant is ideally located right across the street from the museum. A great place for dinner after a long afternoon  at the museum. There are lots of black and white photos of old movie stars on the walls. in the center of the dining room is a bar and some big screen TVs that showed a news channel and a sports channel. I had a taste for pasta so I had that with meatballs, which were big and tasty. A little pricey, though. I didn't have the gumbo.We had to wait about 25 minutes to be seated. They were very busy. We were finally seated at 2 o'clock and it took over an hour to get our food. Portions were extremely huge. We started with the onion rings, which are a must! Nice and crispy and perfect to share. Chicken sandwich with grilled onions and peppers was nothing special, but the chicken was juicy. Heirloom tomato soup was excellent, but the grilled cheese that accompanied it was a joke. The bread was not grilled and the 1 super thin slice of cheese was not even melted. The short rib sloppy joe was pretty good, but very vinegary. It was served on cutting board, which was too high to eat properly. The cocktail, Jezebel, made with gin, cucumber, mint and ginger beer was wonderful. Our server was very frazzled, but very nice. I was excited to try out American Sector and felt bad for making my two companions wait that long for so-so food.I have been wanting to try this place and had a reason today. Brought my sister and husband that is from Dallas and used to wonderful food. We were alittle disappointed by the place. Beautiful restaurant, great server, but food was lukewarm. The tomato soup I had lacked something, so I asked for parmesan cheese. Sliders were a bit dry and onion rings were a little greasy. Because my milkshake was forgotten, the chef gave us cupcakes which was very sweet. I might go back just because of how the staff treated us, but the food and price not worth it.Goodness, I really like the American Sector. I have been here several times since it opened, and I've always been satisfied. As someone who used to work for several years in a museum and has been to TONS of museums and their cafes around the world, this is one of the better and more novel museum restaurants I've been to. The American Sector is a vaguely throwback retro restaurant, but with the John Besh treatment. This review is a combination of some of the highlights from previous trips:
1. Great happy hour - All of the John Besh restaurants have an excellent happy hour, and American Sector's is great. $2.50 draft beers! And they have some bar food for pretty cheap - I've gotten the meat pies before (I think they're around 75 cents). Super tasty, 
2. I've been to a private event before in the Stage Door Canteen (the event space next to the American Sector), and the food provided by the American Sector was great. I think I almost made myself sick by eating too many of the bacon vanilla cupcakes.
3. What finally converted me from a fan to a True Believer was the most recent trip, when I got a reuben sandwich. OMFG YOU GUYS THIS SANDWICH WAS AWESOME. I think the corned beef is made in-house, or at least locally. The rye bread tasted very fresh and was nice and chewy and crusty. And the sauerkraut rocked - I love sauerkraut in all its iterations, but the best kind is when it's warmed up and just the slightest tiniest bit sweet (instead of tasting like it was just dumped out of a vat of vinegar). Seriously one of the best non-po boy sandwiches I've ever had in New Orleans.
I love the American Sector, and always enjoy going there.
Pro-tip for you solo travelers - I saw some folks dining solo here recently, and they seemed to be very comfortable and enjoying themselves.Walked in and honestly had low expectations for museum snack food. What we got instead was some of the best food we've had on our trip so far. We didn't realize until we were almost finished, but the chef, John Besh, was also the chef who opened Borgne, where we ate later that evening. 
Before we ordered, we were served scrumptious homemade pickles on the house. We started off with the Shrimp and Crab Dip and then split the Reuben per the recommendation of our waiter. One of the best Reuben sandwiches any of us had ever had--truly impressed. 
The staff was friendly and attentive! Prices were a little steep, but with the quality of the food and location, this is understandable.I think most of the other reviews got it spot on.
The place is supposed to be themed after food from the ww2 era. Though once you see the menu you will realize the connection is most likely very distant. As well as the decor, which pretty much is just pictures of famous people from back in the day.
This place has just good solid food. Granted a little pricey considering all the ingredients are like the cheapest stuff you can by (in price not quality ie. pork cheaks, cornbread, black eyed peas). I had the pork cheeks, fucking awesome.
I may never come back here again because of the price, but if you are willing to splurge for some solid John Besh food go for it.We went here last night with my MiL for dinner; she had been the week before for lunch because an organization for which she works was considering the Stage Door Canteen for a private event.  And she couldn't stop raving about the food. Boy was she right.  In addition, I mentioned to one of my brother's that I was going to Am. Sector & he said that the prices seem high (for lunch) until you see how much food you have.  He was enthusiastic about the food & the atmosphere. 
We ordered our drinks and the waiter (cute retro uniforms!) brought us an amuse bouche of restaurant made bread & butter pickles.  I wanted to sneak the jar into my purse to finish them at home. Yum!  Unfortunately, they did not jibe so well with my lovely old fashioned.  We dived straight into entrees.  I had the shrimp salad sandwich ($11) but I just finished the 2nd half for lunch today; it was huge!  E had the potato chip encrusted trout which was great and my MiL had the meatloaf.  Mine came with potato chips (made in restaurant) which were tasty but needed some spice, I think.  E's came with delicate steamed veggies arranged artfully around the plate.  And his Mom's came with mashed potatoes and green beans.  The meatloaf portion was enormous, knowing my MiL her leftovers will last her another 2 meals. 
We were surprised at the end of our meal to be treated to 2 desserts.  (I guess asking lots of nosy - but polite - questions about the health of the restaurant paid off for us.)  The apple something was amazing; piping hot & spiced perfectly with cinnamon & cloves and I think we clashed spoons trying to get to the butter pecan ice cream.  The other was the mint patty which was mint chocolate chip ice cream between 2 chocolate cookies.  It was good, but mint chocolate is never going to totally win my love.  The presentation was very pretty for both.
I hope their dinner hours survive until the construction on Magazine Street (outside what should be the main entrance) is done.  Until then you can slip in the back way, as if you're going to the gift shop.This is the restaurant attached to The National WWII Museum.  It's theme is 40's diner.  The food was good and the waitress we had was superb.  She knew the menu inside and out, was very friendly and helpful and was not intrusive.   The food was a mix of diner staples and NOLA creole staples.  Outdoor seating available.Gumbo was too salty to eat. Sliders were overcooked and boring. A little suspicious that the food came out two minutes after we ordered...
Make a reservation to Cochon and go there instead.How can you go wrong with a place with huge pictures of "old time" movie stars on the wall?
An offshoot of the World War 2 museum, my boyfriend and I ate here before going to the Ogden (it's right across the street).  We didn't have a lot of time, so we decided to just get an app.  We ended up splitting the mini cheeseburgers and they were DELICIOUS.  I mean, the place IS a John Besh restaurant, so it's only the best.  We were also given flavored pickle spears, which sounds odd, but they were really good.
I could definitely see going back to this place for a night out with friends.  They also have a nightly show called the "Stage Door Canteen" that is set in the time of the 40's, during the war.  I haven't seen it yet, but it is definitely on my "to do" list!OK, first let me clarify something after reading some of the other reviews. It's not a 50s diner, it's a 40s diner. Big difference. You won't find any brightly colored anything, flashy graphics, jukebox music, poodle skirts or neon lights. I only explain because when our friend suggested we try it out, he said "40s diner" and I heard "50s diner" and was kinda surprised by the decor and the setting. Nothing wrong with it, mind you, just not what you're expecting if you're thinking of a 50s style diner. 
Now as for the food. Our entrees (sammies for the whole lot of us, plus a bowl of soup) were excellent. Next time, I would skip the appetizers here -- I absolutely adore pate, saw rabbit pate on the menu and wound up sending it back. The cognac was not cooked off enough, so all I tasted was alcohol followed by a weird and artificial after taste (no, not the gamey-ness of rabbit, I've eaten that before). Ewwww. An order of onion rings replaced the pate, and they were so-so. 
However, the crab and sausage stew was positively lick-the-bowl-clean good. And I managed to stop my husband from doing just that. The Sicilian was a killer sammie -- like a muffaletta, but with artichokes added to the olive salad, and served on ciabatta instead of a round seeded loaf. Served hot or cold, we got it hot. Divine. Served with homemade potato chips, which we rapidly devoured. 
Kids meals were yum - HUGE portions (we took home more than half of each) a full-size burger and 3 massive breaded chicken breast strips served with fries and a little army soldier. They come served in an old-fashioned metal lunchbox (which was listed as "take me home for only $7" on the menu) but our waitress gifted them to our girls, who were delighted.    
Service was good. We were told it would be a 20-minute wait, was more like only 7 mins, which was great. Our waitress was a little in the weeds but friendly enough.
Location is great - right next door to the WWII museum. Walking distance from the Louisiana Children's Museum, which is where we were coming from on this particular Friday lunchtime. 
Upscale, but kid friendly. Obviously a hot spot for Friday power lunches -- it's a casual atmosphere, but we were the only ones in there who weren't dressed for the office. 
One of the highlights for sure is the homemade pickles. They bring you a little mason jar of homemade pickle spears when you sit down and these are positively delightful. Similar to bread and butter pickles, but with a mild heat that hits you after you've finished the spear. Addictive. 
Overall a definite 4-star experience in my opinion. Even without the nasty rabbit pate, I would give it 4-stars because it was good -- great even, but not a meal I'll be talking about and dreaming about when I'm planning my next trip to the Big Easy.We stopped here after a day at the WWII museum. Happy hour was one of the best that I have seen! Great beer tap list and amazing sliders. The meat pies were outstanding & at 75 cents that is an amazing deal. It's crazy that this restaurant is part of a museum. But both the museum and restaurant are top notch!The Banana's Foster milkshake is worth the trip!  Food was good, not great but the cocktails added enough to get 4-stars from us.  (The Museum is worthy of all 50 stars.)We had lunch at the American Sector during our visit to NOLA for the Sugar Bowl.  We took the opportunity of being in NOLA to take our family to the WWII museum.  
We were all very surprised at the quality fare this restaurant offers.  
Their hamburgers are exceptional. Very thick.  The French Dip sandwich was also very good.  It was made from real shaved steak, not that frozen stuff many places use. 
All things considered, it is refreshing to find a restaurant like this in a museum.We decided to eat here for lunch on the Thursday  of the Louisiana Seafood celebration. Lunch menu was very nice! For $20.00 you could choose an appetizer/salad and an entree. Looking at the regular menu, the prices are very good for the quality you will receive.I went with the lunch special menu.  I chose the chilled watermelon soup with chilis and shrimp! Delicious!!!!!!! For my entree, I chose the Black Fish  with Jersusalem artichokes and crab and shrimp tater tots. Also delicious!!! Generous portions, perfectly presented and cooked. The tater tots are so very good. My husband decided to order the shrimp po boy which came with house made potato chips! All delicious, fresh and plentiful. We both ordered mint juleps, which were amazingly good! The atmosphere is fun, clean, bright, and beautiful! We had a great lunch.The nostalgia alone is worth just taking a look around. They have televisions with USO clips (Bob Hope et al) and a very vintage feel throughout. Love the hostess uniform.  Highly recommended.**HAPPY HOUR ONLY REVIEW**
Seven day happy hour is a magical thing. Unfortunately, I'm not keen on the discounted drink options but I will throw down for those 75 cent sliders. Each tiny wittle sandwich packs a huge punch of flavor. The house made sweet pickles and the friendly service are equally fantastic. When we're looking to dine al fresco, American Sector always makes the short list.
p.s. They serve the fries in a tin can. How cute is that!I'm between meh and okay on this one.  The interior is absolutely lovely, and very modern.  The waitstaff are dressed, incongrously to the interior decorating, in 1940's costumes that probably looked very good on mannequins  but don't compliment every body shape.   I highly reccomend getting rid of these particular costumes and either eliminating the 1940's clothing theme or redecorating the interior to fit with what a modern themed restaurant would've been like in 1940's.
Our waitress was covering several sections and, as a result, service was slow, but she was friendly, so no points and no deductions on that.
My husband got a meatloaf dinner which he said was good, about on par with home cooking, but nothing special.  I got a side and a salad, as it was lunch time, and I just wasn't feeling like a sandwich, but didn't want heavy.  
I was excited to see a salad of greens, peas and hogshead cheese and ordered it.  The salad and the peas were lovely.   The dressing was sweetly biting and altogether the peas, the dressing and the mixed greens worked brilliantly.  The hogshead cheese though. . .well.  It came deep fat fried and breaded.  I could've had 4 squares of deep fried pork fat for all the flavor that was left in those poor bits!  Growing up in a rural home in Louisiana, I learned young that there 3 basic ways to prepare hogshead cheese:  cold, warmed, and pan-fried.  Anything else and you tend to lose the flavors inherent in hogshead cheese - and why else would you even eat hogshead cheese if not for the scrumptious flavors?
My side was the jalapeno cheese grits.  They were completely "meh" - not high on the flavor, and had a consistency that was neither traditional grit nor any modern variant, such as grit souffle or grit pudding.
The people next to us ordered sandwiches and the presentation of these was quite lovely - if we go back to the WWII museum on a Sunday we might try again and order sandwiches.I thought this place would look like a typical restaurant that you would find in a museum: somewhat grungy with just burgers. A place you stop by when you need a quick bite to eat. But it's much more classy and upscale than that. I think it would be a great place to grab cocktails and appetizers from their happy hour menu. 75cents BBQ sliders were not bad though a little dry (guess I can't complain too much since they were 75 cents after all) 
I will say their fries were great as were their meat pies. They may sound vile and possibly gross but they were super gummy. I would go back just for that. (Also 75cents!) I can't really comment on their dinner menu since these two things were the only things I had.It's changed owner / operators, and it's gone downhill.
Gone are the girls in pinup gear to greet and seat you with a smile, replaced by generically dressed people that pay you no mind.
Gone is the music of the 40s, replaced by generic Billy Joel-heavy stations.  
Gone are the $.75 duck wings and sliders, replaced by greasy fries & pizza-type dishes for $4.50 a piece.
Gone are (some of) the local craft beers on tap, replaced by Bud Light and Miller Lite (and raised from $2.50 to $4 a pint to boot!)
The waitresses generally ignored me, despite the fact that I was one of only two or three tables there.  I got the fries with debris, which were overly heavy and tasted really undercooked...and in fact I got pretty ill the next day, so I won't trust them again.  It was too salty, the fries were saggy, there was too much cheese, and that beef tasted raw.  I spent the next afternoon in the toilet.
The cocktails are still excellent.
The formula beforehand was fantastic, and took advantage of the unique location to make something that was really special.  Why the new operators took the best features of this place is just beyond me.  I'm really sad that it's gone.For the first time i ordered gourmet Mac'N'Cheese and I was glad I did!  Had short ribs with Mac and Cheese and hubby ordered Cobb Salad-- all delish....This place gets 4 stars because the staff is super friendly. I had the French Dip good sandwich messy tho ( but all French dips are) my boy friend had the Ruben it was fatty and well just ok , happy hour great defiantly worth a stopI decided to have my Birthday Dinner here this year and I must say this is absolutely one of the most accommodating restaurants. Not only did they let me make a large number reservation to seat in the atrium, they even without any fuss allowed for separate billing. It was truly great pre-service.  Soon as we arrived beyond friendly staff was helpful the whole time, answering questions and making sure my whole  party was comfortable! 
I decided to go with the Short Ribs, which I must say was beyond tender and delightful and tasty. That mixed with the mac n cheese definitely put me in a food coma. This is truly a great dish for the hungry!
Try out American Sector during Happy Hour or Saints Game Days( Happy Hour last the whole game) They have 75 cents meat pies and my favorite pork sliders that you just can't beat!
I love this restaurant and not just because I'm a Chef John Besh Groupie either.Stopped off after a visit to the WWII Museum which this restaurant is adjacent to. It was a Sunday but apparently Happy Hour was available from 3pm to 6pm! So that meant drink and food specials. House wine was $4 and draft beers were I think also half off. The duck wings, mini burgers and meat pies were 75-cents. Yep. I said 75-cents!! Our friends took advantage of that deal. However, my husband and I shared the shrimp and crap dip. We enjoyed it but could have used a bit more bread. Definitely a great place to stop off for a snack during their Happy Hour. Especially if you're on a budget!I know it's a Besh restaurant, but how good could this cafe in a museum be?  Damn good!  Went to August the night before, and the service here was better. Granted it's a take on a malt shop so you can't compare the food to August, but the service was more attentive and considerate here. Don't miss the chicken wings!  Sweet, spicy, kinda Asian style with extra crispy but not oily skin.  Great wings to munch on while watching football above the bar. And the different kinds of pickles that come with it are a perfect pairing.Not the best, not the worst.  For whatever reason, the place was absolutely freezing inside so make sure you bring a sweater.  I had the tongue sandwich which was amazing!  My friend got the chicken dumplings and that was a disappointment.  My husband ordered the bacon cupcake which was incredible, but it only had one little piece of bacon on it and he felt that it really needed a little more to at least get some bacon in each bite.  Overall, just a casual place with okay food and service.  I'd much rather go to Besh's other restaurant Luke.Our second (unintentional) experience at a John Besh restaurant/happy hour.  John Besh, I'm not completely sure who you are but I deem thy restaurant group a purveyor of MOST EXCELLENT HAPPY HOURS!
After a day spent exploring the WWII Museum, we stopped here to grab a drink and some small appetizers before our dinner reservations at Emeril's later that night.  
First of all 2.50 beers?! Exsqueeze me while I die a little inside of happiness and my bank account heaves a GIANT sigh of relief.  This isn't Coors/PBR/whatever type beers, either.  These are lovely, wonderful, smooth, tasty craft beers - I indulged in the quintessential Abita Purple Haze, which was, as always, fruity, light and sweet. 
The standout item here was definitely.. DUCK WINGS. One minor quibble - I know New Orleans isn't a mecca for Korean food or anything but the flavors of these were definitely not *distinctly* Korean. "Spicy Asian," maybe and it did a bear a passing resemblance to Korean fried chicken, but meh. Hate to be Nazi about it, but what would my mama say, otherwise? Anyways, regardless, the flavor of these was GREAT - spicy, with a hint of sweetness, and fried perfectly, with the duck adding a nice hint of fattiness.. I'm salivating thinking about it now. Also, the kicker - they were only 75 cents.
Sigh. Love you, NOLA. The American Sector is definitely a great place to drop by if you're in the area to visit the WWII Museum (or even to grab a few drinks before)!First and last visit to this restaurant.  Ordered a crabcake burger, hot sausage and shrimp po boy, and kids meal.  Did not appear busy but service was terrible.  Over 30 minutes for the food, missing two orders of chips, roumalade sauce(she finally brought out one teaspoon full), kid cookie.  Asked for roumalade sauce, 10 minutes. Asked for ketchup (fries), 10 minutes.  Asked for chips, 10 minutes.  Asked for cookie, 10 minutes.  All this stuff is supposed to come with the meal!!  Asked for check, 10 minutes.
Apparently the waitresses have to get everything from "the chef".  I guess the chef was in a really, really bad mood.   So was I when we left.  Spent almost 1.5 hours trapped in American Sector when I should have been enjoying the WW2 Museum.
The food was  actually pretty good.  The service was the worst.  Enter at your own risk.Upon entering, we had to wait about 3 minutes before anyone came over to seat us. Not a great first impression, especially during lunch on a holiday when they weren't super busy. However, I've wanted to try American Sector for quite a while and FINALLY found time to go, so that wasn't about to deter me.
The waitress (Mya? Maybe..?) took our drink orders. She was extremely friendly. She gave us some extra time to look over the menu, then took the food order. The onion rings looked awesome in a Yelp photo, so we got an order of those to share. I ordered the Sloppy Joe sandwich, the fiance got the Corned Beef sandwich, and the munchkin got a kid's meal box with a Corndog.
Most items on the menu are quite simplistic, but done exceptionally well. That's kind of what they are going for. The portions are huge, too. Kids corndog meal? Served in an old style lunchbox, with a HUGE corndog, fries, gooey melty chocolate chip cookie, and a drink. Sloppy Joe? Again, huge, and definite emphasis on the sloppy (comes topped w/ lettuce and tomato). Comes with chips, but I got the fries. Corned Beef? I'm not a fan of sauerkraut, but that's why I didn't order it :) The fiance loved it. I tried a piece of the corned beef that wasn't covered in the other toppings, and it was pretty good.
Beware of the onion rings... they are extremely delicious, and big. There are 5 to an order (or at least, we got 5). So, unless you have 5 people in your party (or 1) you will be fighting over the last onion ring.
I hate when appetizers are served in a prime number.
Anyway, it was overall a great experience. Good for kids, good for adults. Hopefully I can find time to return during Happy Hour to take advantage of cheap eats and drinks.Headed here for a late afternoon snack to tide us over before our late dinner reservation. Wins all around because it was happy hour (daily from 3-6) with $5 Planter's Punch cocktails and 75 cent sloppy joes. We supplemented the specials with the crab meat pies and a side of jalapeno cheese grits.
The sloppy joes are short rib with BBQ sauce. Totally yummy and a steal at 75 cents each. The crabmeat pies are small fried meat pies - little pockets of crab heaven. And the grits...well, they won over my foodie partner in crime who didn't dig grits at all. These grits are a wonder with the jalapeno and cheese.
We also had a couple of cupcakes for dessert which were a bit of a miss, but I can't knock 'em for attempting a cane sugar cupcake with candied bacon. 
Loved that even though the food was more casual than other Besh restaurants, the quality and flavor were all still there. Will definitely return when I am back in NOLA.Aesthetically pleasing and the food is awesome.  However, the 7 or 8 times I've been here, my servers were a little disappointing - awkward in a non-friendly way.  But that will definitely not stop me from coming because eating the meat loaf tastes like a big hug to your stomach.
The crabmeat pies and the oysters are perfection.  The po-boys and sliders are all excellent choices, but the meat loaf takes the reigning title.  The strawberry funnel cake is a must-have even if you're more than full and ready to bust through your belt buckle.  Request an extra scoop of ice cream.  You can thank me later.
Even though parking in the lot is $6, you can bring the bottom portion of your receipt in for validation and have the $6 deducted from your total bill (with a minimum purchase, of course).  
I have yet to try the happy hour from 3-6, but I'm definitely excited about it.  
John Besh has done it again.Great happy hour.  Inexpensive, plenty of seating, and great cocktails.  Highly recommend.After the WWII Museum I had worked up a hunger. I saw they had a soda shop/cafe but I didn't want a 'Snazzy" sandwich or soup or a milkshake. (God if they had juicy cheeseburgers with sauteed onions and  Belgian fries served in a cone that would have hit the spot.)
So I walked down the street to the American Sector. Classy. Airy. Modern decor mixed with old sepia toned photos and old music. Patio in front and back. 
I sit at the bar. Decent selection of draft beers. I try Tin Roof out of Baton Rouge. Medium bodied American amber ale. Nice copper tone. Tasty.
I opt for the Shrimp Po Boy and coleslaw. All the sides are sold separately so the colesalw cost 3 bucks extra.
They do throw in a paucity of complimentary potato chips, which I think are home made, and served in a cone of paper stuffed in a can which I thought was cool. However the chips tasted stale. Don't ya just hate stale potato chips?
The Po Boy arrived atop a wooden cutting board wrapped in brown "American Sector" paper and cut in two with masking tape holding each end of  the sandwich paper.  Masking tape?  Really? Were they out of  the "American Sector" tape?  To me that was tacky, pun intended. Scotch tape would have looked better. Shit, wrap it in duct tape and call it a torpedo. 
The Po Boy was OK. I was expecting better for 12.50.  I swear the shrimp were frozen. Tell me it ain't so. Either way they tasted funny. The tomatoes on the Po Boy were mushy. I like my tomatoes fresh and firm not soggy or looking beat up like the cooks were playing frisbee with them and they happened to land on a sandwich. I've worked in restaurants before and I would never use a crap tomato. For me it can make or break a sandwich, burger or salad. I've seen better tomatoes at Subway, (not often but I have seen 'em).  But ya know what? I was hungry so I ate the whole damn thing. 
I consider myself a colesaw connoisseur. I like  it when the cabbage is shredded thinly.  I like it creamy and sweet but not too sweet. This coleslaw had a reddish tint. Could have been cayenne or paprika. I don't know. It was the best part of the meal. But 3 bucks? Come on you son of a Besh! Make it complimentary with the freakin' sandwich!
I might go back try something different. They do have an eclectic menu:
 http://www.nationalww2museum.org/american-sector/american-sector-menu-5-10-11.pdf
And Free parking is available to American Sector and Stage Door Canteen patrons after 3:00 pm in their Magazine Street parking lot, between Poeyfarre and Andrew Higgins. Prior to 3:00 pm, bring your parking stub inside to receive credit when you purchase $20 in food & beverage.On my very first visit to this restaurant, the chef came up to our table shook our hands and said, "Hi, I'm John. How is everything?" ....it was Chef John Besh himself. 
Note: I had been invited to the press opening of the WWII Museum's new building including the new restaurant, American Sector. We were not allowed to choose any of the food selections, only the drinks.
They started us off with some Sector Soda which was pretty cool because it came in one of those old time soda containers. (Imagine Bugs Bunny spraying soda on Elmer Fudd and you'll know what I'm talking about).
During dinner, we ordered a few alcoholic drinks... I started with the South Pacific, one of their specialty drinks just to see how they were. It was a little sweet for my taste; still, it was pretty good. But I was more anxious to get to the Cocktail list. Our waiter explained that all of the cocktails were drinks that would have been enjoyed during the time of the war in the 1940s. There were drinks I had never even heard of. I tried the Blood and Sand, which was quite good. Of course, I also had a French 75, but I switched the gin to cognac. Pretty good.
Home-made pickles were brought to the table. I didn't enjoy them, but my friends did.
Next came the appetizers:
Rabbit pate - I'm not a fan of pate, but i did eat some of this mostly because of the presentation. It was too cute not to try. Not to bad, but I wouldn't order it again.
Mini Burgers - They're mini burgers... of course I liked them!
Spicy Garlic Glazed Fried Chicken - SO GOOD! GET THEM EVERY TIME YOU GO!
Then came the cutest little serving of tomato soup with a little grilled cheese. so cute... and so good.
Next up... a Beef Tongue sandwich. Yes, I ate some. and while it was hard to get idea of eating tongue out of my mind. It was actually quite good, and way more tender than I expected.
I had some other menu selections that I can't seem to recall.... we were kind of in a rush after the Beef Tongue since we were already late for a basketball game.
I'd give this restaurant 4 stars for their beautiful presentations alone. But the food is actually really good. The drinks are delicious. The prices are fair. The location is nice; and the parking is free!Food was good, not great. Bad service, but restaurant was visually appealing and a really cool concept! I would probably give it another shot!This was a pleasant surprise on a recent trip to New Orleans and the WWII Museum. Actually, the best meal I had on this trip. The staff were super friendly and attentive and it was difficult to decide what to order with the interesting selections.  Enjoyed the simple, chic design and period music. We went in with the intention of having a cup of coffee after the museum movie and ended up staying for lunch and drinks.  Ordered the sloppy joe with chips and local beer- delish! I still wish I had ordered a Grasshopper or another classic drink for dessert but there's always next time!Mimics a 1940s vibe from decor to dress and is positioned right across from the WWII museum. Besh's menu is what you expect for this concept: American. Hot dogs, sandwiches, burgers, fries, shakes.
I had a shrimp salad sandwich which was nothing more than a bunch of mayo with a piece or two of shrimp on grilled bread. My co-workers had the grilled chicken sandwich, each could serve a family of four. Another one had the homemade hot dog, which is probably the way to go (they are huge, fyi).
Served with housemade chips.
We also sprung for two orders of their duck fat fries. I've had better, but you can't complain about DFF, can you?
My biggest regret: wish I got a milk-shake. I did, however, order their devil's food nutella cupcake and it was probably THE BEST cupcake I've ever had. Do not miss it!Very cute restaurant! Not something I would ever expect myself finding on my own. :) Thanks to great recommendations, My boyfriend & I ended up here for lunch not too long ago. We were both more so thirsty than hungry. As starters, I had the crab puffs which were presented beautifully. He had the onion rings which were all placed so strategically. Very cute!
My favorite part of our light lunch was the drinks. I ordered the Grape-Lemonade which came in the prettiest grenade/pitcher type of thing. He ordered a drink from the bar called the Blood & Sand. In which he wasn't too fond of. If it's from the bar, make sure you order the Professor. :)
The service was amazing! everyone was friendly. I would highly recommend this restaurant for brunch or lunch.Have eaten here twice, once on my own and the other at a catered outing. I'm sad they took the daube off the menu which was great. Had the Jambalaya, pulled pork sliders, corn dogs, and my favorite the spring rolls. You can't beat this place for John Besh inspired food at a great price.Happy Hour at American Sector seemed like a good idea in theory. And when we first arrived, it seemed perfectly agreeable--good prices on drinks and two snacks: pulled pork sliders and meat pies. 
Unfortunately, I wasn't impressed when the bartender came over to us and first explained what they didn't have off their beer menu. This list was about six or seven beers long. 
But the straw that broke the camel's back wasn't the food (which was mediocre) or the service (also mediocre), but the absolute infestation of fruit flies that seemed to hang over preparation areas in and around the bar. 
I understand that fruit flies can be a difficult pest to get rid of. Unfortunately, this was a completely unacceptable situation for a restaurant like this. The bartenders seemed unfazed as fruit flies literally emanated from some of the bar mats. Some fruits were unshielded from the fruit flies until a waitress came over and finally took notice of the situation, finally protecting the cut fruit from the fruit flies by closing the container's cover. As fruit flies flew, we never received any apology or even an acknowledgement of this issue. Had we seen the extent of the fruit fly problem, we would have never even gotten drinks. 
In all, this restaurant absolutely must clean up its bar area and get rid of the fruit flies. To continue to ignore the problem is careless. No other bar or restaurant I've visited in NOLA has had such a problem. But in the end, this place is only mediocre in every other aspect: the food and service were equally forgettable. Happy hour prices are good, but their regular menu seems pricey for the quality (we also ordered the shrimp off of that).
My suggestion: there are tons of other actually great bars and restaurants just a few blocks away. Until the American Sector can remedy its pest problem and step up its service and quality, there's really no reason to even consider it.I really wanted to try August while in NOLA, but time constraints kept it from happening. I settled with a visit to American Sector before catching the WWII museum film "Beyond all Boundaries."
We ordered crabmeat pies and creole corned beef. The crabmeat pies were best with ground mustard. The mustard helped cut the richness. The corned beef was extremely sweet like it had been cooked in root beer or Coke. Neither dish was bad, but they didn't wow us either. The house made pickles to start were really tasty, though.Decided to write an update because of my awesome last experience!  I came here for a friend's birthday,  and everything I had was great!  My suggestion would be to get a bunch of apps, because they are better than the entrees, with the exception of the meat load which is DA BOMB!  Pretty much all the apps are delish including the cheeseburger sliders, shrimp in a cup, meat pies, and fried oysters.  SO GOOD!  The cheeseburger sliders are just amazing, and I really don't know why; they just are!  The sauce with the shrimp in the cup is nice and tangy.  The meat pies were fulfilling and the oysters satisfying.  The meat loaf is HUGE!  I don't know if anyone can actually finish it, but it's one of the best!  Don't forget to get a strawberry or vanilla milkshake for an all American meal :)
Dessert wise, I hated the cupcakes.  They were just so dry and really not that good.  But I did enjoy the apple pie, though it's not the best I've ever had either.  
I enjoy American Sector because of it's spacious and contemporary decor.  Such a nice ambiance.  The service is a bit inconsistent for me.  Sometimes they're really good and sometimes they're inattentive, so it's a hit or miss.
So like other Besh restaurants, I also enjoy American Sector :)food was amazing...i mean absolutely to die for, the duck fried rice was probably the best thing ive had in a while..
wish i could say the same for the service and drinks. if im ordering and handmade cocktail, i expect to see it handmade, not poured out of a jug from behind the bar, and i certainly dont want to watch it sit at the bar for 10 minutes while my server is god-knows-where, so that when it arrives its 50% melted ice. overall, was a great meal, but not a great experience. wont be back, because you DONT get what you pay for!Easily one of the best happy hours in the city. Great patio and the meat pies are delicious :) Regular dinner is good too but would not be my first choice with other "American" or "Southern" choices around. Easy access to the WWII museum and Magazine.This place sucked and really ruined my day.
After a somewhat brief wait for a table, we (4 of us) decided to sit at the bar.  The bartenders were INCREDIBLY slow, first at simply providing us with menus, and then taking our drink and food orders. I know things move slower down south, but it was downright rude.
When our meals finally arrived, one came without the chips and one without the requested french fries.  When told of the issue, the bartender did not go check on the kitchen herself, but sent another bartender to do the job and then told us to 'cut the kitchen some slack'.  how about you do your job?
we ended up with free cupcakes for the crappy service and the fact that they messed up our bill, adding in a sandwich no one even ordered.  the meals themselves were just OK and certainly not what I expected at John Besh's restaurant.Happy Hour is great here!
Best. Meatpies. Ever. 
Love the mixed drinks they offer.Excellent atmosphere, delicious pig po-boy. Friendly server and hostess, I'll definitely do this stop again! A little pricey for lunch, but for a museum restaurant it was far better than expected.I went with a friend for their happy hour.  
Wow!  Delicious 75-cent sliders - pulled pork topped off with super thin onion rings.  We also had the happy hour cocktails - I had a Paradise, he had a Mint Julep.  The Paradise was so refreshing, and my friend (a picky bourbonisto) approved of the MJ.  We later had a few beers from their great draught selection.  He had a NOLA Stout for $1!  
The bar is huge, and while the decor is a little Orlando theme park-esque, it is still interesting and tasteful with great nods to the WW2 era (love the ceiling).  
The happy hour is one of the best deals in town.  I'm definitely going back for a real dinner!I stumbled on this place after seeing so many great yelp reviews and after losing the battle to the New Orleans heat! Great ambiance with a fun, laid back vibe. Cupcakes are made fresh and I'm enjoying the seasonal blueberry cupcake with blueberries from a local farm. Definitely worth a visit especially if you are already here for a visit to the WWII museum.Awesome happy hour everyday from 3-6. It is classic American comfort food. I could be happy just eating all the sides, but since I'm a grown up I make myself eat other things besides mashed potatoes and cheese grits. The decor goes with the theme of the 40s/50s which is cool. The service is always top-notch both at the bar and seated at a table. Very nice place to stop in if you are visiting the museum or not.If you're visiting the National World War II Museum and you're hungry, try lunch or dinner at the American Sector. Chef Besh's dishes mix well with the 50's decor and the service was top notch. I went with a party of five for lunch. The rabbit pate was incredible. I had the perfect pork po-boy, which was essentially a bnh m. Others in my party had the shrimp poboy, the tomato soup & grilled ham and cheese, the chicken fried steak, and the bologna sandwich. All of the food and drinks are made in house, including the bologna. We also had the pineapple soda, which is served in a quart sized seltzer bottle. Speaking of drinks, the cocktail menu is quite extensive.  While a bit on the pricier side, the service and food was well worth it. It's a perfect compliment to a day at the Museum.I've always passed by and wanted to try but I never got around to it until now. This is a nice little spot. My gf and I ate outside and enjoyed the nice weather we were having. The food was delicious and their sector soda did not disappoint. Our waitress was wonderful and we enjoyed our time there. The weather was wonderful but there were times it got overly hot, which is typical New Orleans weather. There wasnt enough umbrellas outside for every table so we waited until one was available before we could even ask for it. There could be more umbrellas considering it is New Orleans, but we still had a good time.All you need to know is pulled pork sandwich and french fries.  The sandwich is as big as my head and served on a platter with a huge knife sticking out of it.  YES.  And the fries were so good I gave them a round of applause.  
So maybe it was my post saints game high but this was one of the best dinners I've had in town.  But I guess it's John Besh so no surprise.  I may die and go to food heaven if I come for pulled pork slider happy hour....I didn't really know what to expect when coming here but it was highly recommended by friends.   
This restaurant took the typical out of typical American food with some fabulous twists!   This meal was an experience from the moment you sat down, you felt the WWII vibe from the waitresses outfits to the tin cans they served sides out of.  Prices were also reasonable and portions were very large. They also gave us jars of fresh pickles on the table which were wonderful!
I had the Pork Cheek with Black Eyed Peas and Cornbread.  The pork cheeck was sous vied for 36 hours, then flash fried.  It was absolutely delectable and served over the BEST black eyed peas I have EVER had!  Really- I feel silly for pointing out black-eyed peas, but I cannot express how great they were!   
Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and helpful with suggestions, although, she was kind of a space cadet.  Her kind demeanor made up for it though, because we were not in any hurry, although at lunch. 
Other must tries here:  Beef Tongue (HUGE serving, feeds 4) served over toast w/ brown gravy, french fries, grits, MILK SHAKE (w/ a shot of capt'n in it!).4 food flavor 4 for service that was fun and 4 for good bloody Mary's
The black drum was cooked excellently because it was crisp on the outside and not over cooked at all on the inside.
The burger was big and tasty with great onion rings and cooked as ordered. The presentation was fun and big.As WWII veterans we are skeptical of any restaurant which makes claims to reflect the rosy times of the WWII era.  How could a modern museum cafe harness the attitude and air of our generations finest hours?
With PICKLES!  They simply did it with pickles.
Somehow that ole boy Besh jarred nostalgia and bravery with a charge of pride and sank some time travel type shit into every single pickle served at The American Sector.   
Long live the Victory Pickles!  The Women's Pickle Auxiliary!  Never was so much pickled to so many by so few!Stumbled across this restaurant while visiting the WW II museum. Very friendly service and fun names for menu selections. Had the Frenchy ( foie gras on a burger which I couldn't pass up - but it sounded better in theory than it tasted in practice - though still good). Kids meal is served in a cute lunch box. Mac n cheese was okay but one of the heavier preparations I've seen. Our group also had the Perfect Pig Po Boy which was also good. 3 stars for the food; 4 stars for the cute atmosphere and friendly service (Amanda was our waitress).One of the best places in town for happy hour, and I'm mostly saying that because there are meat pies for 75 cents and to die for! The service is pretty standard, though every time I go the servers have an attitude. Maybe they're tired, or I'm ugly. I don't know. The decor is very easy on the eyes, and the restrooms are actually clean!! Lol. Aside from the lack-luster service, everything here is great.oh man, the French dip was great especially paired with a P-51 'Mustang' beer! and the bites I had of my wife's shrimp salad sandwich were delicious too!Lunched at this ultra modern place at the World War II complex.  Ate at the bar; not because we had to, but we wanted to.  The servers there were all fun, chatty, and knowledgeable..  Get the gumbo; it was the best of three we had in NOLA.  Mac and cheese was innovative and excellent flavor.  Full bar.  A perfect lunch spot.I have been circling this place for a couple of years now, meaning to get there for lunch when work brought me within striking distance but never finding the time. Finally made it there in April though and now I'm thinking the best thing I could have done was go two years ago, before any expectations had been built, or just never gone at all.
Before you roll your eyes at me, I got the hot dog. It was a party of five, we didn't have much time, and I wasn't famished so ordering an entree seemed excessive. But I tried some other dishes so don't worry, I'm not basing my experience solely on a hot dog.
The fried oyster app was fine. Not amazing, but plump and a fair portion. The crawfish spaghetti special was none too special, though. And my hot dog, while astoundingly large (not just a foot long, but plump, too), was also the saltiest dog I may have ever had. And I am a lover of salt. Honestly. I've been known to salt pre-salted potato chips. I buy my dark chocolate with sea salt in it. This hot dog was disgustingly salty. The big winner at the table for my money was the co-worker who ordered the "perfect pig po boy," a great combination of different piggy parts. 
I'm torn on how many stars to give it though. On the one hand, my one experience was 2 stars. On the other hand, compared to the other lunch options in the area, it's more like a 3 star place (Butcher being a 5). And compared to other museum's dining options? Probably closer to a 4 (the Getty in Malibu being a 5).Best place for happy hour or to watch a Saints victory.
Excellent drink specials and terrific service. 
Jessica might be the best bartender in New Orleans.We go to American Sector once a week and it is always delicious. Have not had a bad meal yet. Favorite is the buster crabs.
Service is always good as well and great place for kids.First of all, I'm a John Besh fan, so was looking forward to trying this restaurant while visiting the WWII Museum.  My husband and I ordered the crab cake sandwich with fries.  Big mistake!!!   The crab cake was large, but seemed to be all filler and had no crab flavor whatsoever.  It was served on a dry bun with  a thick slice of tomato, a huge lettuce leaf, five whole, raw cloves of garlic (have never seen garlic on a sandwich served whole!) and no discernible remoulade sauce--worst crab cake we've ever had.  Fries were small, thin and limp.  Service was just OK. Would not go back.The service and food were great. I had the braised ribs with mac and cheese followed by the chocolate hazelnut bananas split. Do avoid the apple honey sodaGreat food, especially the shrimp in a cup and the lamb ribs. Had the jalapeno grits and the chicken gizzards which were good but would pass on them the next time we eat there.  One of our best meals in NOLA. Enjoyed the open ambiance and the location, incorporated into the WWII museum which was the highlight of our trip to NOLA.Great place to eat! Located at the WWII museum. I don't usually eat hot dogs, but I had one today and it was far more that expected! Other than the cheese, everything else is made on site including the "hot dogs" which are more like a foot long pure high-grade meat "sausage" style monster dog. With all the toppings it was a very tasty meal at a pretty low price! The chips are fresh made and there is a good variety of drinks and menu selections. If you go to the museum, make sure to spend the extra time to eat at The American Sector!I really wanted to give this place a 3.5, but decided to round up because I love the atmosphere.  I've been here twice, and i LOVE the cheeseburger sliders.  There's just something about it that's amazingly good!  The second time I went here, I got the sliders as my entree, and it definitely hit the spot!   I also got the vanilla milkshake, which went so perfectly with the cheeseburgers!  Talk about an all-American meal!  We also got the strawberry flavored soda that came in such a cute canteen!  I loved it!  A couple other things I tried were the onion rings (just okay), the lamb meatballs (big disappointment, never again), the meatloaf (good if you like meatloaf), the apple pie (YUMMILICIOUS), and the cupcakes (.....was dry and not good!).  I expected so much more from a Besh restaurant!
I like this restaurant because of the comtemporary feel of the restaurant and how the servers and hosts dress in cute 1920's-1930's uniforms!  I do have to complain about the service.  It was quite slow, but our server was super nice!  I will be back for those cheeseburger sliders!This review is for happy hour only (3 to 6, 7 days a week).
Great deal, with 75cent sloppy joe sliders, and extremely cheap drink prices. I got the French 75, which was delicious and well made, and then I tried to of the beers on tap. Service was excellent, the bartender was both friendly and efficient. I will definitely be back.You Gota go...
Wow...these guys can cook..just don't tell your mamaAll the food here is amazing. Come for happy hour and get the meat pies and duck wings. I have not had something here that I didn't love. 
Only complaint is that the cook seems to overcook things a lot so if you want a medium burger order it rare.Had a blast here! Sassy servers make it a great experience. American comfort food, with an upscale twist. Casual cafe feel, and casual, fun presentation of food.  Fun way to experience the more casual side of John Besh.Definitely on the pricier side.  For me, the atmosphere was like eating in a museum cafe, so if you are at the museum and hungry go for it.  
We got talked into paying an extra buck fifty for fries instead of the home-made chips.  Don't do it...their homemade chips are good and the fries were cold!  The shrimp and sausage po-boy was ok, but proportionally had too much sausage and not enough shrimp.  The service wasn't bad; so if I could give it 2.5 stars, probably would.One of the worst meals I have had in my 3 years of living in New Orleans. I don't like giving one star reviews, but this place earned it in the food category. Servers were nice, decor was nice, layout was nice and presentation was nice. But never again, my friends, never again. 
My parents were in town visiting from Kentucky and we had lunch here after the WWII museum.  First impression of the menu was that it was expensive and extremely varied as far as the type of food offered. We all ordered different things and I will break it down for you like that...
Me- I had the I Korean BBQ duck wings for a app to share and the monte cristo for my main course. The wings were disgusting. They tasted old, were dry and COVERED in unplucked feathers. wtf. Not a good way to start. The monte cristo was a disaster. It tasted of oil. The apples that were served with it made it barely palatable and still, I could only taste the oil and more oil that the entire sandwich had been deep fried in.
Hubby- Strawberry shake and a burger with fries. How does one mess up a shake so badly that you start wishing you went to McDonalds? It tasted like water, was thin, warm and certainly had no strawberry flavor. The burger looked soooo good on the little butcher block it is served on. One bite in and my burger loving husband was done. Dry. No flavor. Meat didn't taste like meat. Stale brioche bun. Oy.
Mom- wanted to order healthy and I'm all, Ma! Your in NOLA! Come on! Not to be dissuaded, she ordered the lemongrass chicken sandwich. Sounded good at the time. Chicken was the consistency of leather, tasted like sawdust, no beautiful lemongrass flavor and again, stale bun.
Dad- My dad seemed to be the only one enjoying his food. He ordered the shrimp creole and kept raving about how spicy it was, being the first time he had tasted such a dish. So I had to try it, hoping that at least one item we ordered was good. I slide the cast iron pot over to me, I stick the spoon in the bowl (it was incredibly soupy) and I look up confused... Where's the rice? "Oh!" My dad says. "There was a little teaspoon of it on top! Nice little garnish!" Now not too long ago, a friend of mine got married and one of the things served was shrimp creole. When the caterers forgot to put out the rice, a mini riot ensued and I starting hearing screams and cries of "How the hell are we supposed to eat this with no rice!!"and watched little old women shake their fists. Now I know Besh doesn't really work in this kitchen but, come on man, you know better than to serve it like that.Legendary service and a top notch meal! We had lunch at the counter and our order was lost in the shuffle. An honest and not uncommon mistake. Once the error was discovered (within 10 minutes), it was immediately rectified. Our delicious, Besh-tastic meal was presented to us no more than 10 minutes later. Our entire wait time was still less than most sit-down lunch spots in town. The 3 servers behind the counter apologized profusely. They offered us free dessert, which we didn't feel was necessary but after we finished our meals, two cupcakes arrived. Red velvet and Devil's food with Nutella cupcakes melted in our mouths. The staff continued to offer their sincere apologies while we insisted there was no problem. When we went to pay the check, we were told that it had already been taken care of. We were absolutely shocked. Service of this caliber is impossible to find these days. Kudos to the the phenomenal staff at American Sector. You went above and beyond and made our day!The food and cocktails were all right. The happy hour seems like a pretty good deal. I went for dinner for a friend's birthday. Prices are on the high side for the food you are getting. However, the service is great and so is the location. We got free cupcakes since it was my friend's birthday!In short, this place is about looks, not execution.
The fried buster (soft shell crab) was quite tasty, as were the bed of grits, but there was little hint of the jalapeno peppers promised as a part of the grits.  Crabs were very heavy on the breading, masking the taste of the crabs themselves.  Not what I'd expect in a $26 entree in a place with a fancy chef.
The outdoor dining environment is quite modern looking, an interesting contrast to the WWII musuem it adjoins.  Seems like it'd be a great place for drinks after work.
Our other meal, the crab stew ($17) was quite tasty, but the waiter and waitress (yes, we had both) neither brought us tools for opening the claws, nor were the claws pre-cracked for us.  We asked about this when then came to bus our table, and our barely intelligible (thick European accent) waiter told us he forget to bring us the tools and he'd check with the manager to see what he could do.  We'd have asked for the tools beforehand, but they'd seemingly forgotten about us as they never visited our table once the food was dropped off.
He asked if we wanted dessert, and we said, "no, not really".
Upon returning from the manager, our waiter said they would offer a cupcake to us to make ammends for us not getting to access the crab in the crab stew.  Note that we'd already said we weren't interested in dessert. "Fine", we said, "bring us the cupcake".  Alas, the cupcake they offered was dry and inedible -- again, embarrassing for a place with a fancy chef and to be used as a peace offering.
So, the food that was good was fabulous, but the restaurant failed on the basics:
- didn't bring us the utensils we needed to eat with
- didn't check on us after dropping off the food
- brought us a dry inedible cupcape to make ammends for mistakes
And, as a final, on top of these things, they consistently tried to upsell us on things.  When we ordered a drink, they pushed for higher-cost spirits.  When we ordered a simple salad (Bibb for $8), they pushed for a much fancier salad.
Go to this place to sit outside for drinks and appetizers on a warm summer evening.Ladies and Foodies, we have a new addition to the Famous But Overrated section. This place makes a big deal out of being a John Besh food locale, but really, the food here is overpriced and at best average. If your touring the adjacent museum you might be tempted to eat here, but be prepared for food that is sub par in most ways. My American Sector Burger was overcooked and the bun self destructed half way thru. Brothers and Sisters I am here to testify that if you can't make a decent burger-your screwed. The rest of meal did not fare as well either the onions rings were cold. On the positive side the service was very good and the staff very helpful. Oh yes, its way too expensive for what you get too, did I mention that? You're in NOLA, the bar is set pretty hight here for good food, so you do not need to travel far from this particular location to get a great lunch.We stopped in here for a late afternoon drink and a snack and ended up staying for about three hours.  Then we came back for lunch the next day.  So it's safe to say that I was super impressed with this place.
Every food item and drink we tried was excellent and the service was just amazing.  The prices are a bit steep considering the starters are a wee bit small, but it was honestly worth it.  I've paid the same for more, crappy food, so I'm happy to pony up the cash for something smallish that tastes amazing.  Plus, the level of service was just outstanding.  I felt completely pampered with my grilled cheese and tomato soup, and all of the staff felt genuinely nice--never fake.
As mentioned, I had the grilled cheese (without the ham) and tomato soup.  My friends had the French Dip and Gumbo.  We were all ecstatic.  After that, we couldn't decide on dessert, so we got all five cupcakes.  
That was a bit of a mistake.
Foolishly, we though that since you could get five cupcakes for $8, that they would be small.  Not so.  They were full sized cupcakes with filling in the middle!  Oh my god.   We did our best, but there was quite a bit left.  We also couldn't agree which we preferred among the five, so you might just have to do the same thing when you go there--I don't actually regret it, and I don't mind looking greedy while on vacation.
The following day, we went there for a three hour lunch and it was warm enough to sit outside.  Again, excellent service and delicious food.  We had some fancy cocktails: Pimm's cup, grasshopper, and Jezebel; and then sampled more from the salad section of the menu.  My friend got another French dip to share (we had spent a fair amount of time talking about it after the previous day), and I got the beet salad with fries.
The vibe inside the restaurant is very cool.  It feels a bit like an airplane hangar in that it's wide open with super high ceilings.  The hostesses wear vintage style dresses, which are incredibly cute, and there are photos of old movie stars all over the walls.  One thing that also stood out was the plating of the dishes.  The Po-boy sandwich arrives on a small butcher block, the soup and french fries come out in a campbells soup style can (though they poured my soup into a military style tin cup for me--I felt special). 
I feel like it's that level of attention to detail and service that really make this place fantastic.  Also the food, but I've gushed enough about that.  Seriously, I would go back here again and again.This place was a HUGE SURPRISE! I would NEVER expect a restaurant in a museum to be anything special but this place made a believer out of me. It is a John Besh place and came recommended to us by a friend who lives in the area. 
We were visiting the museum and went there for lunch. The service was friendly and the interior decor was very nice. Beautiful bar and spread out making good use of the space. The ceilings are very high and it has a very open feel. Lots of poster sized photos of that era with people such as Bob Hope, etc.
The food was wonderful. I had the sliders and they and they were above average but the real highlight was the "sloppy Joe" that my wife ordered. It was like no sloppy joe I have ever seen or tasted. First, it wasn't sloppy at all. Second, it was fantastic. The kaiser roll it came with was of New York quality. The fries did not disappoint either. Price was fair and we left feeling very good. I would absolutely go back to this place. 
I think it is worth mentioning that the couple at the table next to us mentioned that John Besh personally brought their food out to them the last time they were there and he was very pleasant.I was really excited knowing I was about to dine at American Sector. The food selection was something out of the norm for me. The decor was cool but the tables were so small. We asked if we could combine tables.
So we started out with 3 appetizers; Fried Chicken Gizzards, Country fried onion rings, and Crab-meat pie. Fried Chicken Gizzards came with a mustard sauce. Its was really soft and tender. Country Fried Onion Ring was good. The batter was very light. Crab-meat pie was the BEST!!!. It had so much whole lump crab-meat!!! But 10 dollars  was a little high for 4 crab-meat pie. 
I had the Sloppy Joe while he got the meatloaf. Sloppy Joe is something that i would never tried again. it was sooooooo sweet and the sauce was not that great. My Date tried it and he didn't like it either. Surprisingly Sloppy Joe is his all time favorite food. But he was so disappointed in it. The Meatloaf was good but not enough mash potatoes. Later on the waiter gave us some house made pickles. I love pickles. i love vinegar. But these pickles were completely soak in ONLY vinegar when i tasted it.(major kick)
Over all i would come back here and try other things. I wanted to try the hotdog because they were huge. But when wanted to order it ran out:(I'm going to miss you American Sector.  My first meal here is delicious and at the end I learn that you will no longer exist in just a few days.  I've never taken a break up this badly before, I hope you understand my pain.Really great food, atmosphere & service! It's relaxed and yet the food is as well cared for as in one of John Besh's higher end restaurants. I love coming here every time and never seem to come often enough.  Will be back.Amazing Bloody Marys.  Ordered them to go on our way to the St. Patrick's Day parade and were just so pleasantly surprised. Strong and spicy and really fabulous! Bartender was excellent.I strongly suspect they use the leftover meat from the short rib sloppy joe to make the meatloaf -- or vice versa. I had both dishes within a couple of months of each other and I noticed the identical flavors easily. They don't bind the "meatloaf" with bread crumbs, seasoning, or egg -- the literally take the sloppy joe meat, shape it into a loaf and bake it. (Mine was still soft in the middle.) And the sauce is *exactly* the same as the sloppy joe sauce.
That's some shameless corner cutting from our golden boy local chef. Nothing else is particularly good here, either.Not only is the ambience at the American Sector delightful, but also the food here is unreal.  The sandwiches are huge and are served on a cutting board.  For around $12-$14 per sandwich you will get a taste of possibly one of the best sandwiches you have ever had.  The salads are also tasty (I had the Cobb), but if I were to come back here I would definitely order a sandwich like my friends did.  The Cobb salad is not as filling and cost almost the same as these gigantic delectable sandwiches.  
For a side,  my table ordered the mac and cheese which was pretty tasty but a little bit too salty for my liking.  (It seems like every restaurant in New Orleans puts way too much salt on their food).  
Since it was my friends birthday, they also delivered us a special Mardi Gras cupcake that was wonderful.  
If you are in New Orleans, you NEED to come to this restaurant.  You will be so happy that you did!I really enjoyed our meal at the American sector. The happy hour small bites are a steal. The shrimp in a cup were delicious!  The crab and shrimp touffe was very good. I liked that it came with pasta instead of rice. My husband and I got the cupcake sampler to go. We really liked the chocolate Nutella and the maple bacon. The carrot cake cupcake was the only bad thing we had.Made a reservation for a saturday night at 8:30. Walked in early, place was fairly empty. Hostess lady sat us at our table and then walked off. 15 minutes later we finally got some water, and 10 minutes after that we still hadn't even been asked about a drink order.
The place was empty and nobody would make eye contact with us, so we left without a staff member barely saying a word to us. I will never be coming back to this restaurant again.One of my favorite happy hour places in NOLA. The $0.75 sliders, duck wings, meat pies you can't beat. Also good are the $2.50 wines and beers. The quality of the dishes has gone down over the past year but you can't beat that price. The food from regular menus is okay. Overall, quality not the greatest but price you can't beat.I ate here as part of an event - I am a HUGE Restaurant August fan. The bar was woefully understaffed, and those who were there didn't seem to know some basic cocktails. The fish was dry and over cooked. Portions petite. I would rather spend a lot more for Besh's best at Restaurant August.I was recently in New Orleans for a wedding and I was very excited to find out that the rehearsal dinner was going to be at "American Sector" because I'm a big fan of chef John Besh. Sadly I was extremely disappointed and actually horrified by almost the entire experience. 
We had a prix fix menu so I got to try a few things: the fried oysters just tasted like fried, no oyster; the BBQ ribs barely had any meat on them; the potato chip crusted fish was juvenile...really if I wanted potato chips on my fish I would have gone to Fridays; the meatlaof was decent, although it was covered in ketchup and didn't have enough mashed potatoes and green beans to complement the size of the meat; the spaghetti and meatballs were SO salty it was literally INEDIBLE....everyone who got them left their plate pretty much untouched. The hazelnut banana split sundae was ordinary, and lacked hazelnuts...i only found 2. Plus the whipped cream was out of the can, not acceptable for any restaurant that isn't a chain. 
Drinks were weak and overpriced. Decor was tacky. Also the A/C was on super high and we were all freezing. It honestly seemed like an upscale Friday's with worse food.  
The only reason it gets two stars is cause the service was very good, they took back the meatballs and let me order something else when I couldn't eat them.My partner and I were in town for a visit and staying nearby. We had walked around for about 6 hours, so wanted to eat somewhere close to the hotel. It took us a little while to find the restaurant because the signage was very poor. Once we found it, though, we were quickly seated inside instead of outside. The restaurant was somewhat quiet and about half full, which was just the quiet we needed. I ordered the shrimp po-boy which was delicious, but was wrapped a little too well in paper which made it hard to eat. The homemade chips which came with it were delicious. My partner ordered the Jumbo Shrimp Creole, Louisiana jasmine rice, which he also thought was good. If you've yet to try this place, we suggest trying it out!What a pleasant surprise for a museum restaurant!!  I loved the variety of flavors...from burgers & fries to Korean style duck wings, to roasted lamb and grilled drum w/ locally grown (the restaurant has their own garden--so all their veggies are seasonal) organic vegetables!  I also liked some of their twists on "oldies" favorites to keep with the theme of WWII, as well as having malts and desserts, which.all looked amazing!!  
The staff was attentive, friendly and offered helpful advice for the menu.  I would highly recommend you stop and have a meal here if you're visiting the museum or just looking for a great meal!!Great food but pricey.
The service was lacking in attention and had our food before we got silverware or napkins.
Since it was right there where you saw the movie it was a good location.This place is def cool and a nice addition to the WWII Museum. 
The dinner menu is a bit limited however the service was very friendly and good. The food was exceptional as well. The short ribs and crab dip were tasty appetizers. I had the lemonfish which was also really well prepared on a bed of vegetables. 
for dessert we split a bunch of cupcakes and although they were all good, you cant really go wrong with nutella on top of a chocolate cupcake... yum, heavenly! 
We didnt have a problem getting reservations here and its a pretty chill environment so a great place to go with friends and really take over the place. Parking is also not an issue in the evenings here which is really refreshing. I'll def be back to check out the lunch menu.Fried shrimp po'boy: good quality shrimp and dressings, decent bread. Cupcakes for dessert were good enough to recommend. 
The atmosphere, service, and food as a whole were good, but not to the extent of a 5.I wish that this restaurant didn't deserve this rating! My husband and I both work in the restaurant industry and were passing through New Orleans on the way back from vacation from Pensacola Beach, FL with our two year old son. The hotel we stayed at for the night was a block from the American Sector and were very excited because my husband is a WW buff. We were hoping to make it to the WW II Museum but didn't have enough time to make it through, so the John Besh Restaurant (another exciting plus) was a great location and the menu looked very nice. So just a run down of the short falls, while the food was actually pretty excellent aside from the other reviews I read...
1) It took a minute for the hostess, who tried to find a table among about 8 dirty tables but nothing compared to the 10-15 minute wait for the server, Alex who then made a ton of excuses and then proceeded lazily then to be our server
2) Several minutes after ordering our cocktails they arrived, but even after that wait it took 10 minutes for our son's chocolate milk ( the restaurant serves milkshakes, chocolate milkshakes at that)
3) Alex, he was just smug, he obviously had no interest on waiting on us, a family,.... with no care that we actually tip well!
4) Ordering my second glass of wine, it took about another 10 minutes to get and while he offered the glass for free for the wait --- it seemed lacking considering I heard him give the table right next to us their dessert for free. It must happen a lot, the poor service!!
5) The waiter had good recommendation's off the menu, but once again... it took forever to get our meals. When they arrived they had forgotten our sons macaroni and cheese!! To be honest, you can forget my food but not my toddlers! 
6) Then while waiting on the macaroni, my husband bit into some twine on the pork chop he ordered.. it was just the last straw!
7) Finally we just asked for the manager, very very unlike us -- and Robert Case came over, probably the only highlight. Whether genuine or not, he at least recognized that our experience was compromised and service was seriously lacking. I appreciate him taking control of the situation. We did not expect anything for free, but our meal was taken care of and we appreciate that. It takes a lot for us to say anything if we are unhappy, because even though we have high expectations, we also give a lot of slack. 
8) And in the end, Alex our waiter, he just had to make it a point to talk to us, as though he was the man in charge. He talked to us more after the fact than he did in the beginning, and the funny thing is if he would have put half the effort in at the start of the meal, we would have avoided the whole situation. But some people just don't understand where their place is, or what their role is, or that some people truly appreciate the fine art of service!!! 
9)Better luck next time... 
Houston, TXNot a bad place, but not the most delicious, either. I give it an extra star mostly for the fun atmosphere and the service. We had a great waitress named Katherine who was so helpful and genuine.
We got the fries with burrata, which was a soggy mess. This could be improved upon, in my opinion. We also had a shrimp appetizer, which was very tasty. Someone else had the sliders, which are always yummy and cheap. I had some clear Asian soup, which was pretty good. 
I'll definitely go back, I like trying the different things on their menu.Tourist trap !  Hey  DAWN  R.  when a CUSTOMER lets you know that the food is cool, giving your bad attitude isn't the correct thinking. DAWN get a new job.On our recent trip to New Orleans, our family of 6 had lunch at American Sector after touring the WWII museum. My husband and I had been dying to try one of John Besh's restaurants, and this seemed like an ideal way to sample Chef Besh's cuisine with young children in tow. I had checked out the menu online, and I was pleased to see they had a children's menu. I was stunned when we walked into the restaurant, and one of the staff (I presume he was a manager) eyed our family with what can only be described as contempt. After a few unnerving, awkward moments of waiting for the hostess to find an appropriate place to seat our family, we were led to the beautiful atrium room in the back of our restaurant. I noticed that the presumed-manager was lightning-quick to seat other "business-class" guests in this restaurant. If you are going to have an establishment with a children's menu, I would expect a better response upon arrival. Once the shock of our arrival was behind us (the kids, fortunately were oblivious), we had a wonderful meal. Our waitress was great and didn't treat us like second-class citizens in the least! The kids' meals all came in cute metal lunchboxes to take home with toy soldiers inside, providing ample entertainment for them while my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed the pork sandwich and shrimp salad sandwich. My mint julep was superb and allowed me to momentarily forget the unfortunate beginning to our otherwise fabulous dining experience.OH MAN!!!  Expect to leave full and happy after eating at this place.  Don't let the diner-ish menu fool you because the food is awesome here.
Be sure to order the braised short rib sloppy joe ($13).  It comes out on a woodboard & it's HUGE!  I couldn't even pick it up to eat (and I cut it in half).  The best sloppy joe I've ever had.
My boyfriend ordered the meatloaf ($12.50) & it comes with your typical mashed potatoes and green beans.  I tried his meatloaf and it was juicy and tender.
We finished off with a chocolate milkshake and their candied sugar cupcake and maple bacon cupcake.  The cupcakes also came with their butter pecan ice cream all for just $7.
The food was GREAT and the prices were cheap.  If you're hitting up the WWII museum, I recommend heading there before eating because you'll be so stuffed that it will be hard to walk around the museum after.We had lunch here today.  This is the restaurant connected to the WWII Museum.  The chef is someone well known in New Orleans named John Besh.  When we were here 7 years ago the museum was called the D Day Museum and it had a small coffee shop-type restaurant where the 4 of us ate muffulettas we'd brought in from Central Grocery.  I don't remember eating any food from there;  it's now called  the Soda Shop and is also a John Besh project.  The American Sector is in a new building across the street that houses the theatre and a gift shop.  There's a large patio that faces onto Magazine street and an equally large air conditioned inside restaurant w/ bar.  We found a table w/ umbrella outside and settled in.
Alan immediately noticed an open faced tongue sandwich and pointed it out to me, but it had mushroom gravy and I don't do gravy w/ tongue.  When I asked if I could have it w/o the gravy the waitress explained that the simmered all day in the gravy, so it would be hard to separate the components.  So it was back to studying the menu.  Sherri decided on a crab salad w/ fried avocado on top.  Ron got a French dip sandwich and Alan and I both ordered foot long all beef hot dogs.  I think they were made inhouse.  He also ordered onion rings to share after ascertaining that they were made fresh here.  They arrived first, large, thick rings that were crisp and a tad greasy.  They were nicely seasoned and had a dipping sauce.  When the rest of the meal arrived we were astonished at the size of the hot dogs, which were the biggest either of us had ever seen.  Not just long.  Big.  They overflowed the buns.  It was a knife and fork hot dog.  We could have shared one between us.  Alan had grilled onions on his, I had raw onions on mine. Little bottles of catsup, mayonnaise and two kinds of mustard accompanied them, making it easy to add the condiments we wanted.  They also came w/ a cone of house-made potato chips.  Sherri's salad was small and delicate by comparison.  Ron's French dip was hearty and delicious according to him and to Alan, who had a taste.  I had iced tea, Sherri had a beer and Ron had a coke, while Alan had water.  The food was all tasty and service was great.  We ate the hot dogs but couldn't finish the buns or the chips.  Like I said, we could have shared one.Finally made it to happy hour at American Sector. I had read that the duck wings had been removed from the HH menu but put back, so I was really excited to try them. Except they weren't on the menu. Lame. I asked the hostess about it and she said that she thinks it's on the regular menu and we should still be able to order em, but our server didn't suggest that option when I asked him about the wings. Oh well.
The BBQ sliders were pretty good. K said that it tastes like it was maybe pickled. He wasn't a big fan of the meat pies and I thought they were a-ok. A little too much mayo.
I made a reservation on opentable cuz I collect points but it turned out to be a really good decision cuz the place was packed with other HH goers.
I may return to try some stuff from the regular menu at some point...I am giving them  one star because i guess yelp doesn't accept 0 stars....
"i think their food is left over from WWII" My friend's review.  
This is my 2nd time eating at the American Sector.  The first time i got the meatloaf which was pretty good until I ran into a corse black hair....But that could easily happen anywhere right?  I thought they were deserving of a 2nd chance.
This time I got the mini burger app and my friend the shrimp in a cup app.  I got through one mini burger that was on the rare side for my taste and she got through about 3 shrimp.  I couldn't take any more and sent them back to be cooked more thoroughly.  She was gagging from the shrimp, and i wasn't feeling so good myself.  They comped our meal and we left....we are now sitting here taking turns gagging.  Both nauseous.Best meal we had in New Orleans.  Actually had an afternoon snack one day and went back the next for lunch because it was so good.  Very inventive takes on old classic American food.  The bbq duck leg was fantastic.  Great pulled pork sliders.  Definitely go, even if you don't go to the museum.  Even my picky kid loved it.Happy Hour? Sure, I'm game!
So, I met up w/the crew for a tipple or two and bites at this restaurant inspired by the Greatest Generation. Attached to the WWII museum, American Sector offers 1/2 cocktails and 75-cent short rib sliders from 3-6 daily. While the location isn't the easiest to access via streetcar, at least there's free parking across the street.
The sliders are the main draw, but alas, not for me. The presentation is stunning; the taste isn't. If you enjoy a sauce that's a combination of sweet/tangy, this is the snack for you. The french fries didn't meet the standards of their presentation, either. 
Fortunately, the onion rings and dipping sauce made up for everything. Crunchy, hot, greasy - I say yes, but Lipitor says no.  Also, a big thumbs up for the house-made pickles and ketchup on each table. 
Drinks were good, but a happy hour menu would eliminate the confusion of both diners and servers. No one seems to agree as to what drinks fall under 'happy hour bargain' pricing. This detracts from my hour being happy. We were once told drinks that require 2 or more liquors didn't qualify, but the server didn't know her/his cocktails to explain. 
The setting is beautiful, and can't wait to sit on the patio in cooler weather.Love the interior and how it's laid out- excellent design.
The good:
Order the crabmeat pies, cheeseburger sliders, meatloaf, chicken fried steak, or the pork cheeks.  Order any of the "Sector Sodas-" just one for the table, they're very tasty and a lot of fun.  You shake the old time soda bottle to get it carbonated and press the button to pour.
The bad:
Do not order the po-boys- they're miniscule and wrapped in paper, greasy and expensive for what you get.  Do not order the grilled gulf fish- I don't remember what kind of fish it was- had it once and a fellow diner had it once- but it was bland.
The so-so:
North African campaign chicken with israeli couscous- not bad, but not outstanding.
Service is usually good, but sometimes I get this somewhat disaffected waitress- can't pinpoint exactly what it is about her, but I feel uncomfortable when she waits our table- I get a slightly condescending vibe from her.  All in all, I do like the place- you should go.  I go there frequently, which I guess is surprising since I only gave 3 stars (wish I could give 3.5) , but I want to give an honest review.  I just love the feel of the place, and I'm careful about what I order.  This was a summary of all my meals there.  Next time I go, I'll update.Very good food and cocktails in keeping of the 1940s character of the WWII museum, with which this restaurant is connected.Wanted a place that was somewhat casual for our first night in town after a day of mostly travel and this didn't disappoint.    We came as a part of five and all left completely full and content :-)   
We started with stuffed wings, alligator pies, and cheese fries for our appetizers.   I didn't personally try the fries but the other guys seemed to enjoy them.   The alligator pies were like mini empanadas, the meat didn't taste gamey at all.   The wings were excellent, they had a nice sweet glaze but the ends were stuffed with this yummy Andouille sausage mixture.   Those went fast.    
For entrees, one us of had meatloaf that they found to be excellent, another had the chicken & dumplings which is best described as a one pot stewy concoction with a nice seasoned broth, a sweet cinnamon or something background to it.   Plenty of chicken and small little dumplings with roasted vegetables on to.  The other three of us opted for this pork chop, that is served on top of a bed or jalapeno grits with a swirl of the most yummy sweet greens.   All with a dash of red eye gravy around the edges, it was soooooooo good (echoed by all three guests).    The grits were yummy, and the glaze on the chop was great, but it was the greens that stole the plate, they were just so good.  
One of us was brave enough to try the bananas foster milkshake for dessert and several of us had to stick a straw in for a taste because it was so yummy.  
Service was great, attentive to our water glasses and drinks from the bar.   Overall a great place to start our culinary adventure at on this trip.Tucked back into the WWII Museum complex, this wonderful little restaurant is well worth the visit! Although the menu may seem "ordinary" at first glance, you'll be pleasently surprised by the variety and flavorful complexity of what The American Sector has to offer. You can delight in a plate of beef tongue, a delicious Monte Cristo (the only one I've found in the city), or enjoy a plate of duck wings for 75 cents a piece if you go during happy hour.
Happy hour (every day 3-6 pm) is a wonderful deal- $2.50 beer pints, $4 cocktails as well as wine and cheap snacks (sliders, wings, and meat pies!)
The architecture and environment of the restaurant also make it a nice place to just enjoy. I recommend sitting outside if the weather is tolerable.Happiest happy hour ever! What can $0.75 get you now-a-days? You can get great BBQ pork sliders here for that price! They're no cheap quality fast food sliders either; stuffed with pork, fried onions, and perfectly toasted buns. A must try appetizer is the rabbit pate and the must try entree is the meatloaf.All I can say is mmmmmmm meatloaf.  This is Besh's cheapest restaurant of his "brand."  My kind of food.The happy hour here is pretty amazing. $3.00 pints? Sold.
The food itself was standard bar fare - pulled pork sliders, gigantic duck wings, mini meat pies (all priced super fairly), until you get to dessert, which rocks.
Check out the cupcakes, and the ice cream sammich, as well.
Service is good, too!Very disappointed, especially since it has the Chef's name stamped on the restaurant.  First off, the identity of this restaurant is confusing.  Is it modern or old-fashioned, it can't be both.  I'd prefer them to be totally old fashioned, and get rid of all this modern furniture and lighting and revamp the entire place.  The reason it got 2 stars and not 1 was due to having good beer on tap and great service.  They have 2 of their own beers too, a blonde ale and an amber ale.  The amber ale is much better than the blonde, but still not great.  I tried the marinated lamb skewers for an appetizer and was disappointed.  Everything was cooked fine, its just the marinade overpowered the lamb.  I could hardly taste the lamb.  Why would you do that?  Sometimes less is more and Chef John Besh needs to visit some culinary classes.  Their buster crab (soft-shell crab) po-boy was fine, hard to go wrong with that.  Though they made chips, they only give you like 7 chips.  Really, that's it.  Any normal adult will still be hungry after eating here, but still hurting in the pocket book.  They try and cater to the upper class with their style and try to make dishes like the potato-chip crusted trout all fancy.  They pickled the vegetables which is a horrible idea and completely clashes with the fish.  What are you thinking Chef John Besh?!  The service was great, our server was very attentive and helpful.  This place can be a 4 star place, but it definitely needs to find its identity.Red velvet cupcake was moist and fresh but flavorless
Bacon cupcake was days old, stiff as a rock and made Husband sick sick sickI recently had lunch here in connection with a visit to the WWII Museum. It is bookable via OpenTable so I scored a nice 100 points by booking only 20 minutes in advance.
The American Sector is a "John Besh" restaurant and thus a lot of care clearly went into designing the menu items and the restaurant itself. The majority of the food was diner food (meatloaf, mac and cheese, mini-burgers, chili dogs, etc..) but there were a few modern options such as the lemongrass marinated grilled chicken sandwich which I had.  The food presentation was innovative - the sandwiches/burgers were served on wooden blocks and the fries were artfully arranged in individual tin cans, just to give two examples- however the taste was just average.
Our waitress was friendly but she forgot my dining companion's wine and so we had to ask the busboy to chase this down.  She was not overly efficient either and of course, disappeared again when it came time to get the check.
As for the atmosphere, the American Sector was decorated with exposed brick walls and black and white photographs of movie stars from the 1940's. The majority of the clientele seemed to be former veterans who proudly wore baseball caps stating their role in the US military.
To sum up, the American Sector is a decent place to have a meal if your expectations are basic and you're planning to visit the Museum before or afterwards.I really enjoyed this place. I had the soft shell crab, while my fiance had the meatloaf. Both were very enjoyable. Their homemade pickels were delicious, and their cocktails were pretty reasonable. For dessert, we had the sugar cane frosted cupcake topped with a candied bacon. Who knew the two flavors would tast so well together. It was amazing!!The happy hour here is very good but rest of food just OK.  Prob a 2.5 stars but wanted to wake em up in case they read these reviews. 
happy hour the duck wings and meat pies are good and cheap, been  half off and decent selection.  
I have been twice, first time the service was a little spotty but they were nice
second time experience is what knocked a star off. We went in there about 8 pm on a week night, there were 5 or 6 people at the bar, slow night.  They have nice TVs above the bar that were tuned to basically advertisements for museum which is not big deal.  But I asked the bartender if she could put it on a baseball game. She did not like that request, kind of resentful like I had asked for something really tough.  There were 2 bartenders so I did not see where it was that busy.  She said the manager would have to approve putting the TV on baseball. I said OK, pls ask the manager and that i would be happy to chat with him if she liked. 
anyway, she blew me off, I started to ask her what the manager said just to be snarky but relented at the behest of girlfriend
Its kind of sad that on a slow night, a customer asks to put the TV on something innocuous and the bartender acts as if its some huge burden.  A good bartender would get her azz to the managers office at tell him what a customer wanted and that he could tell the customer no if he wanted
 By the way Besh sure is an overated restauranteur .  Dominica in roosevelt is not that good nor is the place on Mag although the place is awesome. Luke is nothing but a high priced greasy and I mean greasy spoon. I dont get it.Hands down probably one of the best happy hour experiences we had during our time in NOLA.  My gf's friend who worked in one of the restaurants in NOLA recommended American Sector and we are so glad we listened to her. The drinks were good and the food was spectacular.  We ordered:
1) BBQ PORK SLIDERS - $0.75 each - very moist, full of BBQ flavor!
2) DUCK WINGS - $0.75 each (it was off their happy hour menu, but they are bringing it back) - blew my mind, stayed along the Korean palette while fusing it with other flavors, spicy and tangy with pickled veggies on the side. 
3) MEAT PIES- $0.75 each - crispy, hearty filling, super tasty.
4) SMOKEY LAMB RIBS with Mayhew Glaze  - This was amazing!!  They had the ribs remained in smoke under the glass bowl, which they unveil on the table.  The smokiness suprisingly did not overpower the flavor of the ribs as it still blended well with the sweetness of the glaze,
I ordered one of their locally brewed lagers, forgot the name, but it was nice blonde with a good hops.  
We also got to chat with Chef Jeff Mattia, the executive chef, who is super chill and down to earth.  You usually would think executive chefs tend be snooty but not this guy -- really took time to connect with his diners, which I really appreciated. 
The decor went well with the theme of the restaurant as I love the WWII era and the service were amazing.  I think this place is a hidden gem in NOLA and totally worth the trip over!The best shrimp po-boy ever. I get it every time I am in town.  Hand's down.  The best.
Service this visit was painfully slow this visit. 
Friend's food didn't impress her.  Tomato soup too spicy.  Corn dog just gross. Fries for both meals overcooked. 
But that po-boy...... I can't help but return.  Maybe get it to go?I went here for a friend's birthday and we had a nice time!
Since I don't know anything about history, I couldn't tell you if they nailed the WWII vibe they're going for, but I appreciated the little touches: the homey American-style menu, the occasional food out of metal cans, and the cute uniforms on everyone working there.
The food seemed a little expensive, but it's John Besh so whatever.  If you don't want to splurge on your entree, the appetizers are great.  Anyways, I'd go there again simply because $6 gets you this chainmail covered soda dispenser full of HAPPINESS and SMILES.  
Peace!