This was my very 1st time in New Orleans. It's been an amazing experience and so far, every single place I've eaten at has been AMAZING. So... I took a chance with The Praline Connection and walked in. Why? The ambiance and the restaurant, overall, looked nice. 
However... I would NEVER return to this place again, nor would I Ever RECOMMEND it to Anyone. 
APPETIZERS:
I ordered the BBQ Oysters and..wow.. fucking wow...1st of all the oysters not in their shells. Instead they placed in a soup cup filled with  "BBQ sauce" that tasted like cheap Ketchup and Chef Boyarde! Disgusting! The oysters themselves were gooey.
The garlic bread was God awful! It tasted like stale frozen garlic bread. To make matters worse, when I received these appetizers, they were cold.. It tasted and looked like they had been microwaved and left out.  
I also ordered the Chicken wings. They were under cooked, cold and the sauce was nasty.  
The other members of our party ordered entrees. They all said, "This Sucks!"
PROS: The service was great. The servers were all very polite and attentive. 
Restaurant was clean, nice tables, nice ambiance.Friday, July 22 we decided to give this eatery a try.  It is definitely in a great location especially if you want to explore the Quarter afterwards.  We were a party of 8 people and out of the 8 dishes ordered only 2 were really good --the jambalaya and file gumbo were very tasty.  The other dishes --red beans/rice,  meatloaf, Mac and cheese,  shrimp po boy, and chicken wings were bland and a waste of money.  The staff was nice but overall the food was mediocre.Great family restaurant feel. Po boys had the perfect bread. We had 3 different kinds and all were tasty. Mac 'n Cheese was good and a little spicy. Really fabulous service.During the parents' visit,  dad wanted some southern food. We tried Willie Maes, but the line was long and they weren't crazy about the area.  So we waited a bit and went down to The Praline Connection. Dad was in heaven. He's been talking about the food since we left. Dad got the taste of soul platter pictured below. He said the fried chicken was the best he's had and he had not tasted red beans and rice like that since he was a kid and my granny used to make em. Mom got the meatloaf with cabbage and lima beans. I got the ribs with potato salad and mac and cheese. My ribs were good but hard to cut the meat off the bone. I could've ate em with my hands but I didn't want a BBQ face. The potato salad was good but my mac & cheese was a little bland. The cornbread was great.  I'm going back next time for the fried chicken!Service was so poor we didn't even get to the food. New Years Day 2017 around 7:30 and we get seated. It's 8:15 now and we still don't have water and multiple waiters have introduced themselves to us saying they're going to be our server for the evening. After wasting 45 mins and repeated attempts to get water for the largest party in the small restaurant we walked out and went across the street to Dat Dog and were blown away by hot dogs. Thanks Dat Dogs!We had a wonderful experience from the food right down to the friendly and prompt service. Jambalaya was done to perfection and the shrimp etouffe was perfectly cooked with an excellent sauce and rice. Seafood gumbo was fantastic with the right mix of seafood and okra, also perfectly cooked with a great texture. Shrimp in the etouffe dish was firm, clean, and very fresh tasting.
Bread pudding with praline sauce was a perfect complement to the meal, as was the Cafe du Monde coffee with the dessert. One of our top two dining experiences during our NOLA visit!This is my new favorite dining spot in New Orleans. We heard about the place from a cab driver and thought we'd give it a try. We we not disappointed. I ordered BBQ ribs which were the best I've ever had. My wife and son had the stuffed peppers which were excellent. That coming from an Italian means so much as we're reluctant to go Italian since few places cook like mama does. My daughter had the seafood platter which served at least 2 people and was some of the best seafood to date. Here's the best part. Our server, Roland, was the most personable, articulate, and genuinely service-oriented waiter we've ever met. I can say without reservation, Roland made the evening memorable and left us wanting to come back. Praline Connection is a 5 star restaurant, hidden gem, found only a short distance from the French Quarters. Please ask for Roland and enjoy your dining experience in a most casual way.Right in Frenchman's street, wanted to try some authentic food the decor is simple, it was my first time eating jambalaya so I have nothing to compare it to but I enjoyed it for sureGreat food in a great location. Locals recommended this place to me - and I see why. Great authentic Louisiana food on Frenchmen St, a street filled with great music clubs. The best of both worlds. The gumbo Zaire so rich and flavorful and my wife loved their regular gumbo. Their Jambalaya was delicious and the bread pudding is my new standard. One of the best meals I experienced in New Orleans.I can't speak for anything but the Red Beans and Rice, as my husband and I come here exclusively for that and order the same thing every time! We've tried  this dish at a few other places, and nothing comes close to what's cookin' at The Praline Connection. 
I highly recommend stopping in for a plate of Red Beans and Rice. The service is as good as the food!!Soul food done right.  Better than most other places, except for Dunbar's, and the staff is an unusually happy bunch.  If you're vsisting from out of town and want some New Orleans soul, you won't be disappointed.  Good Pralines too, of course.Can't speak about the food, since we never made it that far. We were seated (near the restrooms/kitchen), while a twosome that entered behind us were seated near the window and allowed to watch the comings and goings along Frenchmen Street. Was told the server would be with us soon. Server walks out from the kitchen and immediately goes to the twosome that came in after us. We were already forgotten before we had a chance to crack open the menus. Added to that, there was a dead cockroach on our table. Food didn't look spectacular enough to make us stay; that, and the dead cockroach was the ultimate deal-killer. Staff should spend more time cleaning up the joint instead of cleaning those fancy fedoras.We came to eat last night with a pretty large party (9 people).  Being in a large party in a busy restaurant, you expect things to take a bit longer than normal. We were fine with that, given that this place came highly recommended.
We were seated within about 30 minutes, which was not bad given how busy they are. After sitting there for about 25 minutes, we had yet to be approached by a waiter. We let the hostess know and she sent a waiter over to us. He said that he would bring us all waters and be right back. 
Around this time, another large party was seated at the table next to us. They appeared to have 7 people, which was confirmed when the waiter brought our waters to their table and mysteriously ended up with 2 extra glasses... A minute or two after that, a different waiter showed up and apologized, saying there was a mixup with the table assignments.
We figured that it'd be a good idea to go ahead and order while we actually had somebody's attention and placed our appetizer, food and drink orders and asked for waters. That waiter was never seen or heard from again, though... 20 more waterless minutes passed (45 minutes in total by this point) and we were tired of waiting..  To add insult to injury, though, the other large table that I mentioned had their drinks and appetizers delivered just then.
One person from our party approached the manager to complain and was basically just told, "we're busy". Yes, restaurants get busy and food may take a while, but 45 minutes and not even water? Needless to say, we just left and enjoyed a very good meal at Coop's Place a few blocks down.
It's not often that I feel compelled to leave a review, but this is definitely one of those occasions. It's funny how many reviews over the past year or two echo the exact same problems we experienced last night. You would expect management to take corrective actions, but I suppose they don't care as long as butts are still being put in seats.OK, so we never actually got our food... Or our menus for that matter, which was very disappointing. Staff was rude and the dining room looked like a dive.
I heard such good things about this place and since we were checking out a band next door last night, we thought we'd go in and try this local soul food restaurant people have been raving about.
I went in with a small group of four. We stood by the door waiting to be seated for a good 5 minutes. But no staff was in sight. So we thought maybe this is one of those establishments where you seat yourself... So we did.
We sat close to the front and waited. Finally, a waiter came into the room. He looked right at us and kept walking - OK, guess we're not at his station. We waited again. Another waiter came in, she acknowledged us, but never came over. A third waiter came in - we must have been seated for 15 minutes at this point and still no service has come to the table -- not even to give us a "I'll be right back" explanation - he apparently wasn't our waiter either.
At this time another couple walked in - it looked like they were deciding whether they liked the place (it has a "dive restaurant" feel to it). One waiter sees the couple and points to a table for them to sit at. The couple still talking amongst themselves did not see the waiter signaling (why didn't he just walk up to them? Makes no sense). The waiter says, very loudly and rudely with an annoyed tone and expression, "heeelllloooo!" When they heard that, they left... And so did we because still, nobody had came to our table and we didn't want to miss our band because of some sub-par waiters who were struggling to handle a half empty dining room. 
Too bad. Heard the food was good.
We ended up going to a place down the block( it was right next to d.b.a.)  the food was awesome, staff friendly, they had live music and we only ended up  spending about $150 for 4.I didn't care for this place at all. I heard that food quality has drastically decreased since Katrina but man...  I don't know what sauce they used for the ribs, the fish and chicken were underseasoned to me, and the etouffe was watery, red beans and rice were... I don't need to go on. :(Just OK fried southern basics. The fried chicken was pretty good, Mac and cheese was reheated and not very creamy, collard greens were passable. Fried shrimp were good, but that'd be just sad to mess that up. I wouldn't go back for dinner but would definitely stop by the storefront to pick up some pralines.We came in the early afternoon, probably after 2, and were the only 2 people in the store. I believe it was the proprietor that politely greeted us, letting us know that they were open, and welcoming us. I like the shelf on the wall with NOLA paraphernalia, bottles of hot sauce, and the awards they've won. The uniform of black pinched fedoras made me miss my old job at the hat store... just a little. 
Solid fried chicken. Reminds me of my dad's best friend's pizza shop in East Los Angels (R.I.P. Rocky's Pizza), as in lightly floured and then fried so that the crispness is all in the skin, no breading.
The cornbread was delicious, not too dry, with a serving of unnecessary whipped butter that I used anyway. Red beans were terrible. Simply too thick with the consistency of refried beans, and no flavor; I had to add so much freaking hot sauce and it just got absorbed. The collards were alright; tender but still somewhat bitter. 
Contrary to other reviews, I thought the service was fine, although just a little slow. The server came out to tell us exactly how much longer the chicken would be (which showed to me that they prepared it right when we ordered). We had no wait time, again, because we came in off-hours, yet a few more customers did trickle in after us. 
Did not get to check out the candy shop but I will next time.Was excited for some good food until I actually tried it. Nothing was fresh. Had gumbo and fried shrimp. You can tell it was old. No real flavor. The mac and cheese to my surprise wasn't good either. Old and flavorless. Would not recommend at all.Have Abita IPA. Got the fried chicken. It was decent. Loaded with hot sauce. Going a bit too commercial. Wait staff is awesome.We dropped in because the wait was too long at another spot and our party of 5 were all very satisfied!
Gumbo was bomb 
Seafood platter can be shared 
Crawfish etouffe(sp) was better than the shrimp
Skip the soft shelled crab....
DON'T MISS THE PRALINES! Grab the rum.Ate here prior to Hurricane Katrina and it was great. We returned somewhat disappointed. I had the meatloaf as featured on The Travel Channel....seasoned with SALT. The mustard greens salty and hubby's red beans n rice was bean flavored only. Not a NOLA experience at all. The fried chicken was a hit...but who can really screw that up. Sadly done.Perfectly seasoned meatloaf. Too bad it was served cold w cold coffee.We were lucky it wasn't busy. Service was good and fast. Food was fine. We had two gumbos, one crawfish etouffee, and one spaghetti meatballs. Not super delicious but wasn't bad either. I have no complaint but am just curious about the tax they added to my receipt. Is it supposed to be 10% fixed or it varies from different areas? I know it's NOLA and everything could happen here.Horrible experience tonight our service never checked on us. We had to ask the host for boxes, napkins drinks etc. Plus our food was cold. The ribs were burnt or over cooked. The food would have been good if it was warm. Ciara was able to give us complementary cornbreadStopped in for a late lunch today. Special of the day was catfish with shrimp jambalaya and greens. Catfish and jambalaya were great! I am not a fan of greens but tried them anyway. Still not a fan. Dish came with warm cornbread. Food was scalding hot! Kudos for that! Had the BBQ oyster appetizer, it was ok. Peach cobbler for dessert was excellent! A bit pricey, but food was good and service was excellent.Went last night to The Praline Connection because it was very close to the B&B we were staying at in NOLA. Sat at a table and ordered a few drinks and our meal. This is a soul food restaurant in the Frenchman's section of the city. The frenchman's section is turning into one of the hipper, cooler musical areas of New Orleans. 
As we were ordering our food, a brass band started playing right outside and a crowd of people and a few people dressed in Mardi Gras apparel started dancing in the street. Went outside and checked them out. They were great. Only in New Orleans!!!
We ordered the ribs and the fried chicken with sides of macaroni and cheese and greens. Both dishes were very tasty. Nothing was left on our plates to say the least.
During our dinner, our waitress, Andrea, told us Jamie Foxx was sitting right behind our table.He was there with some family and friends enjoying the food. Some folks went up to him for some pictures and he was very kind and obliged their requests. He was a real gentleman.
If you want to get some real soul food in NOLA, try the Praline Connection. Not only is the food very good but the section of town called Frenchmans will keep you there for many hours into the night with their great music and many clubs..And you'll never know who you'll run into. Have fun...Huge portions! Only downside was our bad server. I really enjoyed my fried shrimp and had enough leftovers for a second meal!  My husband had the fried chicken which was delicious and he also had a ton of leftovers and he has a huge appetite. Would recommend if you're looking for some good southern food!For all the New Orleans food I had...this place was extra regular. I must have asked Tommy waitress for a drink menu 3 or 4 times before I got it. Nothing on the menu looked appetizing or different so I ended up going with the Mac n cheese side. Unfortunately, it tasted like kraft Mac n cheese. If you're here for a short amount of time in nola, try something more authenticWe went in on a Sunday after a Saints game. Had no problem getting a table for 7.  I'm from Alabama so I know what home cooking should taste like. You call it Soul Food. We call it  "food". This is what we eat and this place knows how to do it right! My friend wasn't keen on their cornbread dressing but what can you do? You only like your Memaw's/Mother's/Aunt Jenny's dressing anyway... so that's understandable.  I had the greens which were excellent. Somebody didn't like their mac n cheese but they make it weird like it's cheese spaghetti here so just order the greens and bread pudding with your fried chicken if you like traditional mac n cheese. I have no problem with this place and will bring people to check it out.Loved this place! Possibly the only cheap option for a sit down dinner in the French Quarter area. And the vibe, for my Rochester friends, is a Nawlins version of Nick Tahou's, and I mean that in the best way, of course. AND, for those who know, I'm talking about the 1970s, downtown Nick's, not today's suburban version (take your styrofoam and shove it!)
Anyway, we split a platter and got an extra cup of file gumbo and it was plenty of food for the two of us. Loved the gumbo and especially the red beans and rice. We'll be back!Mediocre ribs, sauce was too sweet and vinegary. Lack of substitutions for side dishes. Waiter seemed impatient with my friend's pesca-vegetarian dietary restriction.This is my favorite place to visit, mostly because of the praline chees cake, but the food is great also. The fried chicken is usually my go to dish, but this time I went with the fried shrimp. It's was fried perfectly not over cooked. I got the collard greens and potato salad side. All Good! Then of course finish with the cheesecake with praline sauce. This sauce needs to be bottled a sold. It's a creamy caramel sauce with rum.  It's sooooo good. Please try this place nestled in the back of the French quarter where the locals are.Great fish sandwich. Large portions. Low key and good food.The food was good, not great. If you're in NOLA, please learn to make some gumbo. It was watery and pretty terrible. The service was TERRIBLE. Definitely find another place if you're in Frenchman.Very disappointing. You sit down and they have an abbreviated menu they are out if thing. The meatloaf that they say was featured on the travel channel was awful, under seasoned and a joke. Yes, I got suckered. I added a ton of salt and pepper and now just feel robbed. No way that was featured on TV! Would never go back.We went to the restaurant for the New Orleans experience this place have high recommendations, The food was OK I'm glad I was able to scratch it off my bucket list.Great earthy vibe, big black and white checkered linoleum floor, black fedoras on waitstaff heads, plenty of local patrons. love the neon sign. food that's cheap and plentiful.
fried chicken: perfect, not too breaded, not overfried.
mustard green: too salty
mac n cheese: too macky, not enough cheesey
i would definitely wait five minutes for a table here but not much more.Caution- Absolutely - stay away.
There was nothing about the food that can redeem how unusually bad the food was here.
While the staff is very accommodating, you're better off skipping this restaurant.
I worked in a very large well known Cajun/creole restaurant and what we were served was very bland and poorly prepared.
Red beans were definitely from a can. I didn't taste any of the distinct flavors of red beans n rice. 
There was no ham hock flavor, no bay leaf flavor or discernible mirepoix flavor.
The collard greens tasted like they had been boiled without any additional seasoning and served, poorly drained. I couldn't eat it.
The jambalaya was also very odd, most definitely from some prepackaged mix. 
The jambalaya barely had any meat in it and was definitely not close to anything like jambalaya. They aught to be ashamed of calling that Jambalaya.
It was more like frozen mixed vegetable rice pilaf, seriously. Jambalaya "jambon a la aya" the jambon (ham) is the core of the dish, seriously. Wtf.
If the management is reading this: revise your recipes and quality check often. It's a downward spiral when you sacrifice quality.
One of us who are the crawfish etouffe had terrible food poisoning.
I think there are issues with storage, food rotation, labeling and training.
Several hours after writing the review,  I was sick.Excellent service very attentive. Gumbo was very good.  The other apps need some spice. The fried okra was well done but had no spice, not even salt and pepper. Just a touch of any spice would make them wonderful. The BBQ shrimp were wonderful. We used the BBQ sauce to dip the okra in. Our waitress said the fried chicken was the house speciality and it was well done but it also suffered from a lack of spice. Just wave some salt and pepper over it would dramatically improve it. The stuffed crab was ok nothing to wire home about. I would go back and try some other dishes. It's New Orleans though and the food should have some spice to itYeah...now this is more like it.  Soul food.  Mac n Cheese...collard greens...everything fried (okra?...crab?).  Sure, why not.  Old school decor, neighborhood kind of place, very casual.  And a great value for the price.A friend of mine recommended this restaurant when i told him i would be in new Orleans. I went with a group of friends with high expectations. Since we were 7 we waited for more than an hour to get seated, which we took in good stride we just sat somewhere outside and chatted. When we were finally seated, it took the them about 15 minutes to come and take our orders and then...the ordeal started, the waiter told one of my friends to hurry up and order(he had just delivered the menus) or he will go and serve another table. There were about 4 of us on the table who had not ordered yet and we asked if he can take our orders first instead while my friend made up his mind but no...he said we had to follow the order we were seated. We let that slide, but then he delivered the drinks in a leaking glass and the food took another hour to come. People who arrived after we were seated had finished eating before we even had our food. Needless to say...the whole experience was so terrible there was nothing special about the food.This is a great place near the Frenchman region of nola to get authentic cajun soulfood served by mostly male waiters wearing awesome hats. Black never tasted so good...
I got coffee and the sampler platter, which had fried chicken, jambalaya, red beans and rice, and one of the most succulent ribs i've ever tasted. The collard greens were ok, but they're not really my thing.
The reason you go to this place is for the feel, for the authenticity, for the magic that happens when you marry a soulful place with soulful food and very good execution day to day. It's kinda like sticking a spoon into the new orleans section of your map and tasting history, culture, and home-cooked goodness all at once. This place made me feel really happy and content while I was there, and mostly for this reason I would go again and again. It was also really well priced, especially for nola. 
Didn't try the pralines though...Been here 3 times.  First time, I was loved the food so much, I came back.  The 2nd visit was ok. The last visit left a lot to be desired.
Food - 4 out of 5. Delicious but it's touch & go.  I ordered the same thing twice (fried catfish) and got 2 different versions.  The first time I had corn bread, the second time, I didn't.  The first time I had rice, the second time I had mac & cheese.  I have to say that the food is really good, though.
Service - 3 out of 5.  Again, it's touch & go. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad - depending on your server.  When they're super busy, expect to be forgotten by your server for a while.
Cleanliness - 1 out of 5.  The dining area is ok but the bathroom was horrible. I was going to wash my hands but decided to use my anti-bacterial wipes instead because I took one look at the bathroom and could not stand to go inside.
Ambiance - This is your typical mom & pop whole in the wall.  No ambiance here.
Summary:
At first, I was impressed with the food so I came back. When I came back the 2nd and 3rd time, I decided I could probably eat at other establishments with good food, too.Satisfactory  service, but was disappointed that the food came out TOO quick.  Main dishes were good (stuffed peppers and ribs) but we were convinced that the sides were microwaved.  Mac and cheese was not cold and collard greens were not good.  But great BBQ sauce!EXCELLENT FOOD AND SERVICE!  I will return. It is very easy to get to on Chartes Street. We took the trolley.Two words. Real bad,   Yelp is telling me to.say more. But really, it's real bad.   Yelp is still saying my review is too short.  So here is some new ways to say it.  It sucks.    Don't go here please. I cancelled my order after losing my appetite on the gumbo.  My friend's margaritas was red with a cherry.  The waitress asked if we thought it had too much grenadine.   What???  Grenadine in a margarita.   Are these people crazy?   There is no Grenadine in a Margarita.Had a great dinner here. Really liked the walk from canal street down to the restaurant as well. Loved how relaxed and personable the wait staff are.
We started with the fried dill pickles and aligator sausage.  Both were delicious and both sauces with appetizers were homemade. Ordered a shrimp po boy and macaroni and cheese. Both were outstanding! Also got the category 5 hurricane and it was the best hurricane I had on my whole trip.
Don't forget to grab a box of pralines to go! You'll be too full after all of the good food. Best pralines I have tried.This place was packed, so we thought it would be really good.  Unfortunately, Busy so thought it'd be good.
The service was really friendly, but as far as attentiveness it wasn't great.  
I had the stuffed peppers with cornbread and mac and cheese.  The cornbread was bland and the mac and cheese was very lack lustre.  It wasn't seasoned and didn't taste that cheesy.  The stuffed peppers were mushy and quite disgusting.  
My friend had a fried seafood platter.  The only thing good on the plate was the fried catfish.  
Service was friendly - but not great.  The okra tasted odd.  
I'd definitely skip over this place if I were you.  I don't know how this place got so many good reviews.My wife and I found his place on our last day in New Orleans on the other side bourbon street (Frenchmen area). The service was excellent and the food tasted good.First time to NOLA.  Very good soul/creole food.  Good home-cookin.   
Everything was good.  Most memorable was the Gumbo.  The best gumbo hands down I have had in NOLA.Disappointed We visited on April 1 2018 Ordered stuffed crab with red beans and collards The crab came in two little tin shells Looked more like appetizers I could not find or taste crab. They can do better for a 19.95 entree. The tiny portion of beans and the overcooked soupy greens completed the meal. The cornbread was not good. My spouse was kind enough to share her shrimp poboy which was not bad. Againhave to say I was truly disappointed I wont return to this place on my next visitI don't get the fuss. My etoufee was pretty good, but mac & cheese had little flavor, fried pickles were all batter. My friend loved the collard greens, I thought they were ok. If you want classic southern fried food, there's got to be a better place. Service was lacking too. :(I preface this by saying I came in at 9:30pm which is 30 min before the place closed.  I had ordered the Jambalaya for 15.95.  It was very poor and tasted bad.  On the wall was a Zagat sign from 2004.  My guess is they have been slipping for past 12 years.Really good food. We ordered the appetizer for four which would feed 8. Don't order the large one I'm afraid how big it would be. We then had stuffed crab with greens and Mac and cheese. Food was very good. Service was excellentSo delicious! My wife and I really enjoyed the fried chicken and mac n cheese. The service was fast and really friendly and we will definitely be back!Great soul food. You can tell this is where the locals come. They may have the best hot sausage po boy I've had. Their red beans and rice is also perfection. Their service is so good. All the servers are so nice. True southern hospitality.Excellent choice for our last meal in nola!! Stumbled upon it while roaming the marigny!  Exactly what we were looking for in ambience and something off the beaten path!!
Spicy chicken wings--excellent!! Very spicy and perfect!
Fried okra-- perfectly cooked!
Fried chicken--let's just say my girl who doesn't eat much meat licked the bones..the waiter finally took the plate cuz I think he was worried she'd choke on the bones!
Seafood combination platter--could've had more shrimp and fewer fries.. But the fish was perfectly cooked and delish!
Crawfish etoufee-- my other girl slopped it all up.. So I think she liked!
Stuffed bellpeppers-- Didnt sample it but the man said it was 'good'!
Bread pudding-- so rich and delicious... even tho we were so stuffed we just had to have it!!
Service was great.... Waiter has crazy cool eyes!!
Don't expect something fancy.... But you'll get something uniquely n'awlins!!I feel bad writing this review because our waiter was really nice. i was so impressed by the uniforms (which shirt, black slacks and ties. There might have even been hats)  The staff here is fresh to death! That being said the food left me thinking I wasnt tasting it right. it's home style cooking, gramma's recipes and what not. So maybe the day I was there gramma didnt add the magical zest that gramma's always have or she ran out of her secret ingredient that she never told your mom about so you would still wanna come to her house on Sundays. I'll try this place again tho. If everyone raves about the fried chicken and I got the off batch I'll try again till we get it right.This is a great place for creole soul food in the Marigny, right near all the clubs on Frenchman. A friend we were with who lived here for a while said their fried chicken is among the best in the city. I can testify to their collard greens--excellent--and their jambalaya is hands the down the best I've ever had. I'm used to jambalaya being mostly about the rice, seasonings, and meat, but they pack theirs with about 10 different kinds of fresh vegetables that keeps it lighter and keeps the rice from drying it out.Perfect fried chicken. Yummy mustard greens and beans. Mac N Cheese was bland. Will definitely go back next time I am in New Orleans.It was ok, the service took a little long but it wasn't too bad. The food was good but nothing out of this world (taste wise). The bread pudding was really good though!I stopped in and made a reservation, but I am horrified by the service I received. First of all, they took over an hour to seat us after telling us the wait was 30 minutes or so. Then, they seated us and it took over 20 minutes for a waiter to bring us water, let alone take our order. Food was far below similar restaurants (with better service). And I am disappointed.This place is laughable. 25-30 minute wait ended up being an hour. We finally sat down and waited another 15 minutes before anyone would serve us. There were 5 open tables in the restaurant at the time. We flagged down a server to order drinks and food. I got the jambalaya and my husband got the fried chicken. The jambalaya was meh at best. The greens were okay and my husband got the Mac and cheese which came out  cold. I would say skip this place. Not worth the wait at all.It was the worst experience of my family and my life. The food was absolutely horrible. We had chicken; absolutely no flavor at all. BBQ ribs: it was smothered with sage. They should call it sage ribs. Greens: it had no flavor, not even salt. Corn bread: basic. Jiffy corn bread is better. Red beans and rice was just okay. Jambalaya: was the worst . My daughter threw up all night and early this morning . It is our worst nightmare. She can't keep anything down and she is very weak. She said the sausages were horrible in the Jambalaya and that contributed to her great food poisoning . The fish was extremely bland. No taste at all . Needless to say I was truly disappointed to say the least in every aspect of this resturant . I spoke to management and all they could tell me was that I was the only one complaining. Like my husband said: it's s waste of time to complain to them , just never go again and when someone ask us about the resturant, just tell them the truth. If you don't want to be sick and laid up on your back for a few days sick. Then stay away from this place for life!!!!!!  BEWARE !!!!!!!!
Hello Gloria, 
     This is Sonja, the evening that we ate at your resturant was August 3, 2015. Thank you for taking my comment seriously. God bless you.Soul.  I have been craving that fried chicken for months!  Jazzy atmosphere, simple. Soulful and longing to come back.  The seafood platter will wow!  But I miss that plateful of fried chicken!  NOLA at its finest roots!  I will be back, guaranteed!This is some of the best soul good I have ever had in my life, second only to my great-Granny's cooking! Best meal in New Orleans by far! Great prices, fun atmosphere, great waitstaff and excellent food!  I will definitely visit here every time I goback to New Orleans!Great Service. I had alligator bites and fried seafood. They were both great.
The seafood platter had so much food. I was stuffed.2.5 stars. I really wanted to like this place, but damnit, they failed.
Not awful but not worthy of the current 4.5 star rating. And the food was meh for being a New Orleans southern restaurant. 
Here's what we had:
App: crawfish etoufee - very tasty, no complaints about this except the price ($7 for a little cup!)
Soup: Gumbo - this was okay but they got the gumbo's mixed up and gave me the chicken one instead of the seafood one
Main: bf had "A Taste of Soul" Platter - Filé Gumbo, Red Beans & Rice, Jambalaya, Greens, Fried Chicken, Catfish Strips, and Bread Pudding, collard greens, while I had: Stuffed Bell Pepper  - A green bell pepper stuffed with ground beef, shrimp, spices, and seasonings, baked and topped with our light home-style brown gravy, with red beans/rice, and mac/cheese
shared the bread pudding for dessert
BF really enjoyed his entree, while I found everything about mine to be lacking. BF's was good because all the fried seafood was low in fattiness, had a nice cornmeal crust and was light on oil. Mine sucked because the stuffing in the bell pepper was just whatever, and the mac and cheese was embarrassing - it had the texture of being reheated leftovers (overly mushy noodles and hard cheese) and tasted like almost nothing, box kraft is better. And it was not hot like the bell pepper. The cornbread was not warm either so I didn't get to enjoy any nice crust on top. 
Bread pudding dessert was hot and delicious, though it had nuts so it automatically became all mine. This was the best part of the meal.
Beyond the food being less than impressive, at least my dish, the service was pretty lacking. It took a looong time for a server to get to us, while a neighboring party sat down later, ordered and received their food before us. Another neighboring party had super crappy service too, and even asked for a comment card, and of course did not get one. They could have walked out and not paid, given that they had to actually flag someone else down and ask them to please take their money so they could go, those words literally.
So, I say there is a lot of room for improvement here.We have been here several times. The atmosphere is always welcoming and the staff always eager to make you feel right at home. The greens and sausage were right in point.  Be sure to grab some of the sweet goodies in the side room for the road. We will definitely keep coming back.I love this area (Frenchman street) of New Orleans. Great food and live music!! I was taken here by two NOLA locals. The food was modest and homey. It gave me a very local taste. I was slightly disappointed that the food was not spicey, but all in all a good meal. Wait staff is prompt and courteous with good ole southern charm.I've eaten here many many many times and sometimes the food is better than other times.
but.
two words: FRIED CHICKEN.  
eat this here and you will never go wrong.  It's crispy and tender and juicy and pretty much perfect. You can get it with side of red beans and rice or collard or mustard greens.  All meals come with corn bread.
Some other of my personal favorites: 
the fried catfish
the fried pickles ($5 gets you a heaping mound)
bread pudding
red beans and rice
collard or mustard greens
don't forget the FRIED CHICKEN!
FRIED
CHICKEN
(repeat for emphasis)Stumbled upon this place because we couldn't find another one and we were hungry!! I am so glad we did! IDelicious southern food- ordered the stuffed crab which was real crab deep fried that was so delicious - it came with mac & cheese and red beans and rice and homemade cornbread!! My mouth is still happy from this deliciousness. Couldn't stop eating it was so yummy!! Glad we came here and if ever back again, will make sure I go again!I felt four degrees cooler just walking into the place. 
This had nothing to do with the air conditioning.
Even with the tourists (not putting them down, I was one of them) flocking here, the Praline Connection is still able to keep the feel of a small funky soul food dinner. This is a place that is confident in what they are serving and that they are serving it right. Try the smothered pork chops and you want be disappointed.There are angels working in the kitchen because the food here is  heavenly AND DIVINE! I ordered the red beans and rice with sausage AND fried chicken. Both were demolished within minutes! LORDT, LORDT LORDT!!!We had another restaurant in mind on Frenchmen St. After a so-so vibe at the place we were considering -- I honestly don't remember its name -- we bailed and went with a recommendation from the bartender (bah-tenduh) at Hermes Bar at Antoine's.
The place was pretty low-maintenance with a lot of cool-looking servers in hats. It seemed like a mix of tourists and locals.
Since we never got the hang of ordering properly -- us Californians are used to smaller portions -- we asked for an ungodly amount of food. An enormous basket of fried okra, fried chicken, mustard greens, collared greens, mashed potatoes, and cornbread. Though the fried okra was pretty good (also seems hard to mess this up), and the sides were fantastic, the fried chicken stood out for me. That batter is insane. We didn't talk the whole way through the meal: a sign of a good one! Pralines to go made my day later on.
I'd love to spend more time on Frenchmen St. -- for food, music, and bars -- next time we're in town. Nicely out of the way from Bourbon Street madness.It seems over priced, but the location is good- right on Frenchmen. The feel is more of a lunch place than dinner. Although I might stop here before seeing a show at Snug.
This is a good place for vegetarians to find options for soul food. Our waitress was awesome and helped me find things that I could eat. Hopefully she didn't just tell me it was without meat!? My girlfriend got a shrimp po'boy and I got collards, mac n cheese, red beans, rice, and corn bread. The desserts were great too.Our server was wonderful! So polite and nice mannered. The food. Oh. My. Goodness. Enough said. Portions are a great size! Prices very affordable. I had the jambalaya and catfish bites and the food was moist and well seasoned. The bites were so light and flaky and hot!! The cornbread is sooo fluffy and warm still and moist. Visit this place!!!Absolutely loved the food, I had the meatloaf which I saw on the travel channel and was not disappointed at all. My girlfriend had the pork tenderloin which was just as great. The service was as good as the food and the guy even helped put my woman's jacket on! I absolutely recommend this place to have either lunch or dinner!First time - not planned, but needed food, so randomly selected this place. What a good choice! Excellent service and fantastic food. Shared the sampler plate for two people and left stuffed and happy. Couldn't be more pleased and we'll plan to return.This was one of the most disappointing food experiences during our week-long stay in New Orleans. And let me preface this review: We love soul food. That traditional southern home cooking is something we LOVE. And we visit New Orleans a lot, both for business and fun.
First, the good: my husband ordered the fried shrimp and it was served hot and tasty. If you do go, and don't know what to get, order that.
The red beans and rice was a nice mix of meatiness and savoriness. The sauce is a bit watery, but still flavorful (with a little bit of salt). And the waitress - who was not our server, but ended up taking our order after we waited 20+ minutes for someone to stop by and just take our drink order - was very friendly.
Next, the stuff that was so-so: I ordered the meatloaf and it was ... meh. 
Ok, that's being nice. The brown gravy was pretty decent, and I think the meatloaf would have been better if it had been served hot (or even warm) instead of cold. But because it was cold, it had turned gelatinous. (Think head cheese.)
Now, the bad: We waited at the door for more than 15 minutes for someone to ask if we needed a table. I would have understood if the restaurant was packed - I've worked at restaurants before, I get it when the front of the house is slammed. But the place was at least one-third empty.
Every single server who was working walked by U.S. and didn't say a word. Not one "someone will be right with you" - not a smile, nothing.
The female server who finally sat us (after we were about to leave) was clearly not having a great night. She pointed at the table, tossed us a couple of menus and then left.
We waited and waited. Ok, maybe they're busy in the back. We waited some more. We tried to make eye contact and smile - nothing.
Then, the other server came over and asked if anyone had taken our order. When we said no, she apologized and took our order.
If the food had been terrific, I could have ignored that first part of the evening. But it wasn't terrific. Most of it was bland - and in desperate need of a pinch or more of salt. 
The biggest problem: half the dishes (Mac and cheese, collard greens, meatloaf) were served either barely lukewarm or cold (like it had been pulled out of a walk-in). And the corn bread was really dry. Like no-amount-of-butter-can-save-this dry.
For $55 - which included two entrees and one glass of whiskey - I can say this was a huge disappointment. We've eaten far better elsewhere in town for the same or less. 
Maybe the staff was having a really off night? Maybe they had a new cook in the kitchen? Me, I'm kind of kicking myself for not checking reviews more closely.Wanted to try some local flavours and got inside this simple looking place, I was surprised! Food was very good, large dishes and good prices. Try the fried chicken livers!!!
The only disappointment is the cocktails... Not updated, too sweet and not interesting. Stick to the food.We were very happy with this place, in the faubourg Marigny. You don't have that many dining options there, so we were lucky to score on this one
Service was quick and impeccable,
Food was so yummy (We tried the alligator here for the first time)
Prices were very reasonable
Should be Zagat ratedWe were a party of 4 and initially the waiter did not write down our order which made me nervous. Although, he came out with our order and everything was correct. Food was great! You can defiantly taste all the spices in the etuoffee!  prices are not bad either! Good place for dinner.I liked this place because the service was great and the food was on par with what I expect soul food to taste like. I liked the mac and cheese, chicken, and red beans&rice.Decent service. Nice people. But overall, a mediocre spot. Food was fried, yes, but a bit bland. Nothing special.My husband and I each got a shrimp po' boy. He got his with fries and I got mine with a side of mac 'n' cheese. 
We both loved the bread which was crusty enough on the outside and chewy on the inside. The shrimp were fried perfectly and the pickles were a good touch. The mac 'n' cheese was different. Long mac 'n' cheese is how I describe the noodles. It was not the best, but it was good and the different noodles were fun. 
We both forgot how generous portions are down here, so we were full at only half the po' boy. The funny thing is, we liked it so much that we kept on eating. We still didn't finish, but we didn't want any of that deliciousness to be wasted. 
The service was friendly and attentive. The candy store is connected and it's tiny. The service there was also friendly, even though I didn't buy any pralines. This place is definitely worth the trip. My only regret is that I couldn't eat more and try more items.We live in New Orleans, and on our way to Bastille Day at the U.S. Mint, (I know, I know...soul food on Bastille Day...but we live here) we decided to try Praline Connection for our first time!  We ordered catfish appetizer, meatloaf, and fried chicken.  The meat loaf was sooo good!!! The fried chicken was one of the best!!! You know, the whole restaurant was quiet, which means the food is good!!!   I liked the crisp-clean-looking atmosphere, i loved the artsy mardi gras float replicas! The waitress, Sindy, was so sweet and knowledgeable, true southern hospitality!!!Great fried chicken and we went back a second time for the file gumbo and the fried fish. Service is attentive and fun. Not expensive.We had:
Fried Chicken livers with pepper jelly,
Side order of cornbread
Soup made with rice and green
Mac and Cheese
Gumbo File soup
Shrimp etouffe......
Everything was good to great.  We especially liked the chicken livers with pepper jelly. It is inexpensive and has a traditional style New Orleans dining room.We ate dinner here- it was pretty empty when we arrived but was packed by the time we left (we eat early with the two small kids). It was quite a walk from our hotel, but worth it. The building in general and restaurant decor is a bit old/dated, as were the wait staff uniforms/dress code. It is small, but cozy, no complaints. We ordered: fried chicken with red beans/rice/mac'n'cheese, crowder peas/okra/rice with smoked sausage, and crawfish etouffee. The boys loved the chicken, but to the adults it was borderline too salty. The crawfish etouffee was excellent- at the top other list of what we've had to date (and that includes multiple iterations of this dish). The crowder peas and okra were great by themselves and with the smoked sausage which was awesome. My mouth is watering just thinking about it again. The kids' mac and cheese was also great ( although stingy small portion) - they put some kind of a crumb on it which is nice. Cornbread was crumbly and came with ample butter - a definite must. The wait staff were nice, good service. All in all a solid meal. I saw another table order the bread pudding and it looked good- would definitely give it a try on a second visit.Over rated and resting on its Laurels. To have a store adjacent to restaurant is part of the "franchising" approach of NOLA food establishments. 
Came in for an afternoon snack, with dinner at another place later in the evening.  Gumbo was so-so, Oakland's Brown Sugar Cafe is far superior. Fried pickles, skinny and fried to long --aka almost burnt.  
The best NOLA cooking I had were in people's home during the holidays. The variety and quality exceeds those found in run of the mill places.
Yes, I am a San Francisco foodie and expected better from moderately priced restaurants such as TPC.Great comfort food, good service, and reasonable prices. Never had a bad meal here.Had dinner here spontaneously with a friend. Well, we knew we were having dinner, we just didn't have any idea where between our hotel and the bar we were ultimately aiming for. When we passed this place on the street, it seemed like the right choice.
And it was.
The food (as I recall, I had the catfish, and nicely strong coffee) was great, as was the service, and we were seated immediately. When two other folks we knew happened in a few minutes later, they had no problem seating us together and keeping a separate tab, and even managed to get all our meals out at nearly the same time.What luck!!
After a long-winded adventure looking for 2 Sisters (soul food restaurant)  we gave up and took a cab to Fauburg Marigny to catch a show later at the Snug Harbor.
Cab dropped us right in front of the Praline Connection, and we were hungry...
Here is what I gotta say up front: I HAD THE BEST SPAGHETTI & MEATBALLS EXPERIENCE  that night.
Who'da thunk to order spaghetti and meatballs, especially when you're visiting a soul food restaurant, in New Orleans. 
Somehow my heart told me to do it. And I was completely blown away, time-travelled back to my childhood days, when my mother made spaghetti meat sauce from scratch and my sisters and I would challenge each other in a spaghetti eating contest.
Suddenly I remembered how to make home-made pasta sauce again. Suddenly I remembered how good it was. I vowed never to buy bottled pasta sauce ever again.
The cornbread was delicious. The Zaire gumbo was delicious. Boyfriend had the stewed chicken, that was also delicious. But my spaghetti meatballs, they were magical!!Worst fried chicken and collard greens. Cornbread made me want to cry. Catfish was decent..Great service, great food. Ditched the money pits in the French quarter to come here for a wonderful New Orleans experience.Bad taste, bad service, and over priced for the amount of food that was on the plate.  The oyster plate was tasteless, the food lacked flavor and seasoning. The Mac and cheese tastes like left over from the day before and the crawfish etoufee was tasteless and lacked an adequate amount of crawfish. This is New Orleans for goodness sack. Why is the food so bland. I was referred to the restaurant by our hotel staff and I can't understand for the life of me why any locals would eat here, let alone a tourist looking for southern comfort foods. Please don't waste your time or money. It was not worth it. Too many better selections in NO then to waste your time here.Great southern and soul food.  Wonderful service and good atmosphere. We had fried shrimp,  fried chicken, fried okra,  collard greens, Mac and cheese and sweet corn bread from the Owen.Restaurant was recommended to us by our hotel staff. I can see why!
Absolutely sweet staff (Roland was our waiter) that made our first meal of our trip wonderful. We split the Shrimp and Roast Beef Po Boys with Fries. Everything was amazing. Left room for Cheesecake with Praline Sauce--decadent. Incredibly impressed and as my first experience with food on this trip, I was extremely happy with it. 
Will definitely think about returning for a quick lunch on our way out of town.This is a quaint little restaurant on Frenchman Street. The food and service here was great!  The fried chicken, collard greens and mac and cheese were amazing! Our server Shay was the bomb!  I will definitely be back!My boyfriend and I just got back from New Orleans and were so lucky to find this gem.  We were walking down frenchman street in the middle of the day when a nice man that we met down the street recommended that we eat here of any place on Frenchman street.  The funniest part of that was that he actually managed another restaurant/bar on the same street but told us Prailine was the best!  I had the Fried Chicken with mac and cheese and Potatoe salad and I felt like I was enjoying some of the best home cooking ever.  My boyfriend had his first Shrimp Po Boy and didn't miss one bite.  Seriously, this place is a must visit.  It was our first time to the city and this place definitely made everything that much better.  Also, If you have never been to the city, be sure to come down frenchman street at night for the best Jazz you could ever image!  We loved the Blue nile for music.  
Gotta Love NOLA!Excellent food good price. Top place for our first creole meal.
Deep fried pickles were great.
It has set a high standard for the rest of the week.Everything is good. Shrimp & crawfish etoufee Very generous portion of chicken livers. Mac & cheese & mustard greens were excellent, BBQ oysters were big & fresh. Staff is attentive & polite.Our cabbie recommended this place as THE place for soul food.  The fried pickles were amazing!  The fried chicken was okay but I never eat fried chicken so its hard to compare really.  I thought the famous mac and cheese was too heavy on cheese and the mac was more like spaghetti.  I did think, however, that the potato salad awesome. The servers wear fedoras and are so cool... like literally super cool. Our dude definitely used to roll with snoop. He rattled off the lost of drinks like it was an SNL skit in this monotonous low tone.  I really kept looking for the hidden camera, but it really was happening.  Even if you're not into soul food, go for the experience.I've been looking in New Orleans for a place to knock me off my feet... I've come out of a lot of resturants dissapointed but not here at The Parline Connection!!!! We got the Taste Of Soul Food Platter and Gooooolllly it was delicious. It was a nice size sampler of Ribs, Chicken, Catfish, Jambalaya, beans, Collared Greens, Cornbread and Bread Pudding to finish my amazing experience. 
Where do I begin?  Wish I could pick a favorite but it was all amazing and everything complimented each other so well.  If I had to pick I'd say the ribs were my favorite but I highly recommend you try the platter so you can try everything. Not 1 thing was wasted I even licked my fingers and plate of any evidence food was ever there. It's a must try in New Orleans and can be shared between 2 people. 5 billion stars.We found this by accident and decided to check it out. What a treat! Hands-down the best meal we had on our New Orleans visit! The service was great, food was amazing, and we even had the treat of a random brass band that started playing just outside. Wonderful experience. If you only get to eat one place...make it here!If I could have given 6 stars I would have. The server was great. He was very knowledgeable of the menu. He was spot on about portion sizes and recommendations for food were great. I had the crawfish etoufee which I have to say was the best I had ever had. The portion size was not what I hoped for but I ate food off of everyone else and got full. My son ordered the fried shrimp which was the servers favorite choice. My oldest daughter got the meatloaf and wife got red beans and rice with an add on sausage. The sausage was banging!!! I was trying to find a way to purchase some in the area but the server said it was their in-house seasoning that made the difference. I would definitely recommend this establishment if you are down in Nawlins...Why is the food so bland? I asked myself over and over again. I've been here before and the food was amazing, on par with what you expect from Nola food. But this experience was pretty bad, even the fried chicken had to be sent back...how do you mess that up? We thought maybe our expectations were out of line, but the table next to us also sent back all of their food. On a good note, the cornbread was fantastic. After spending 40 mins waiting outside and another 30 at the table, we decided to make a meal of the cornbread and cut our lossesWowwww......sooooo sooooo good! We came for lunch and decided to try the "taste of soul platter" which came with fried catfish, fried chicken, jambalaya, red beans and rice, cornbread, greens and to end this sweet treat it also came with bread pudding. This meal was perfect for two......absolutely delicious. Everything was from love and to perfection....To wash the yumminess down make sure to get the Jamaican me crazy drink......yum. Please be sure to check this place out when visiting Nola. Either come for lunch or dinner....just make sure to visit. Also get there home made pralines to take home........enjoy & Your welcomeDisappointing. I was looking forward to the catfish after reading good reviews about it. Didn't realize I would be paying close to $18 for unseasoned oily fish. No lemon, no sauce, nothing. The server offered tartar but only after she saw me poking the catfish trying to see of there was lemon underneath. Originally wanted red beans and mac n cheese with my order, but was told the mac n cheese wasn't available so I asked for rice instead... not knowing the red beans came with rice. Would've been nice for the server to point out I would end up with two sides of rice. Also, when your guest doesn't touch the corn bread, don't assume they don't want it and just get ready to toss it out. Ask if they would like a box. 
I was really looking forward to eating here. Such a shame.Went to dinner here on our first night in New Orleans on 3/17/2017.  We try to go here at least once on our bi-annual visits to N.O.  The 30 min. wait on St. Paddy's day was not too bad, but another recent review is on point that you have to stand outside in the street as there is no indoor waiting area.  The place was - of course - packed and we were squeezed in the small back room with the candy counter.  But our waitress was friendly, fast, and efficient.  We enjoyed the ribs and shrimp entourfee, and shared some yummy bread pudding dessert.I would never go to the place again. The food is processed right out of the can. Chicken wings have wings, the stuffed crab cake was extremely cold. Please save your money and don't waste your time.This place rocks! Came here on a Sunday night and probably waited about 15 minutes for a table. Loved the atmosphere and the waiters' attire, it's very old NOLA like. Don't come here for service 'cuz it is slow. In their defense, this place is always packed so I imagine things get backed up.
I was really eyeing their special that night, but once we ordered it, it was already sold out! So I opted for the chicken livers as my entree (even though it's listed under appetizer, that thing is huge) and ordered a side of collard greens and cornbread. My husband started with a cup of gumbo, which was just ok and then had the meatloaf plate, which was not a very big plate, surprisingly. After gulping his down, he started helping me out with mine, and said I had the better dish! Even with him helping me, we didn't finish the whole dish so we took it to go and it was our snack the next day. Being stuffed from dinner didn't prevent us from ordering dessert. We shared a peach cobbler but we weren't too impressed by it.
Next time, I will have to try the fried chicken and bread pudding!!First time in New Orleans, walked in here the ambiance was nice there was nice music on the streets but the Food here was horrible.  I'd never come here again or recommend to anyone.The mac and cheese tasted like kraft. The greens had no seasonings. Gumbo was bad. I've had way better food in Minnesota. Everything tasted like it came out of a box. The fried chicken was good though.Food is good. But service is one of the worse I've ever had. I highly doubt we will be back again.food is oh so delicious.  i've been here a couple of times and both times were eqaully satisfying.  the collard greens are to die for!!!! cornbread is sweet, kinda like jiffy, but home made and even more delicious ( and i love love love jiffy).  I also had their fried stuffed crab.  BOMB!!  this place serves real southern classics;  fried chicken, chicken liver, catfish, mac and cheese, greens, fried okra, to name a few. they are absolutley a place worth checkin out.  prices are reasonable for dinner, between 15 and 24 (appx) they also have a counter next door that serves the best pralines ever!  and they got some cute waiters ;) plus.........lil wayne apparently frequents there alot.  and i am a big fan.  HAHA im such a loser ;)
EDIT****
i must make this known.....the greens here?  the BEST i have ever had.  IN MY LIFE. period. :)Boo hoo what a dissapointment. 45 min wait to get in....45 min to get our order taken 45 min to get bland, boring food. Mac and cheese looked like the kraft kind, but worse. What a waste of time and money.It pains me to write a review update, for a restaurant I have been to before (where I had a memorable experience) and reduce the rating. 
I get to New Orleans 5 to 6 times per year, and this time I was craving the fried chicken livers with sweet hot pepper jelly....previously it was amazing...
The livers were crisply fried, looked beautiful,  and were properly cooked....HOWEVER  the sweet hot pepper jelly turned out to be watery, runny, zero flavor without heat....
Sidenote: Service was excellent.
I asked my waiter to bring another small dish of pepper jelly....he checked and told me that it was all the same. ....
Disappointing. 
With so many places to eat here, I  have to think hard about coming backThis is a really cute restaurant. The service is great and fast. Unfortunately, the food is mediocre. The catfish and the ceiling gumbo are pretty good though.AMAZING. The Praline Connection made me rethink my policy of not trying out new places with under a 4 star yelp review. I have never had gumbo Zaire (vegetable and seafood gumbo) mixed with white rice before, but now I'm hooked! I've also never had crowder peas, but they were excellent -- cooked the right amount. The cornbread was just the right flavor and so fluffy, we had to order it again.
This also looks like one of the few places I have found in New Orleans that has excellent to great vegetarian options. They also have a monster entree called the "connection:" for $28, you can get enough dinners for a week.The food is average. I have had better food in NOLA. It has turned into a tourist spot and is just not as good anymore. I like the fact that they are open late on the weekend so it's a option to eat when other places are closed. It just would be my first choice. The food is cold and the service is subpar.There was no steak or lobster on the menu when we went, on a Sunday night. 
The fried pickles were amazing and so were the greens; however that's where the goodness ended. The meatloaf was disappointing and even nasty. The mac-n-cheese was dry, old, and flavorless. 
I'm giving 3 stars because my companions got the fried combo platter and said it was great!Go somewhere else, unless you're really hungry. Sorry to say. Cool costumes, but ehhhh. Coming from a Cajun born Louisianian...We loved this place! The food was amazing! Our server, Wendy, made sure that we got some of the best service in New Orleans! Lots of love from ColoradoI had high hopes for Praline Connection, having been recommended it by a couple of local people I had met in New Orleans, unfortunately my experience failed to live up to the expectation.
Prior to arriving at the restaurant, I called ahead to confirm that they were still open and to check if they were still serving the full menu (it was memorial day and another restaurant had ran out of many dishes, so i wanted to avoid disappointment). Upon arriving, we waited 20 minutes for drinks and our orders to be taken, even though there was as many staff as there was tables. When our orders were eventually taken, I was informed that much of the menu was unavailable such as shrimp, fish and strangely, french fries..
I ordered the gumbo, which was ok and the fried stuffed crab which was nothing special. The waitress got our order wrong and brought out two of the same dish, which I refused to pay for. 
Service can be just as important as the food and ours was poor. The food wasn't great and I was restricted due to unavailability, as a result, im giving two stars.Food is ok, not too bad, not too good.  They do offer a vegetarian plate with choice of four side dishes.  I only asked if any were made with meat.  I dared not asked if any were made with a meat based broth...I was already starving and figured I take the risk.  The white beans were delish  Cabbage was a bit greasy.  i don't know where the recipe for the mac cheese, greens and cornbread came from, but try again! My partner enjoyed the crawfish etoufee.Not bad but not great. Locals would say it's over priced, but tourists will find the prices an improvement from Bourbon street.
Unfortunately, the mistake I made on my last visit was nobody's but my own.
I ordered a dish called the Connection Platter- a gigantic serving of ALL THINGS SOUTHERN AND FRIED.
Deep fried catfish, wings, okra, pickles, sausage and yes, chicken livers - enough for 4. It's everything you'd imagine, and yes, they do provide ample warning. Nonetheless, we went for it and an hour later, regretted every bite. Again, this is nobody's fault but my own.
But don't hold my sorry bout of bad ordering disuade you - it's not that bad. ... Besides, the desserts rock and the prices are reasonable, especially the badass bread pudding drenched in praline sauce.
PS. I've also heard their fried chicken is TO-DIE-FOR.Went here on a recommendation. Looked promising since all the locals go here. 4 of us all did not care so much for our dishes. Mostly they were too salty. My po'boy was a bit dry and bland.My Uber driver suggested The Praline Connection and suggested the smothered pork chop. No Bueno. It was just okay.  The pork chop wasn't breaded and not seasoned to my liking.Real Southern style home cooking at decent prices. Jambalaya and stuffed peppers were delish. I wonder what that Alligator sausage tastes like? Don't say chicken ....We had a lovely lunch,  and 6 of us shared the taste of soul platter.  We were not disappointed! I wish we  have substituted the greens for something else,  but that's ok. We got fried okra also! Our waitress was Antoinette and she was a delight.Good, unpretentious food and service at a reasonable price. Entrees are huge. I had the beet salad and the BBQ ribs entree. Everything was really good including my side of Mac & cheese, cornbread, and red beans with rice. 
As a nice bonus a brass band played on the orner across the street.Hands down, the best fried chicken I've ever paid for.  Period.  
The red beans & rice were also superb.  I've had better mac n cheese, but I suppose you can't win them all.  
The service was solid, if a bit slow. 
For those who complained about the cleanliness of the bathrooms, I have one question: just how clean is YOUR bathroom?  These bathrooms were about what I'd expect from a down-home restaurant and certainly didn't take away from my dining experience.  
The location is, from what I hear, great.  I wanted to check out some jazz clubs up and down Frenchmen, but others in my party were intent on heading back through the FQ.  Oh well.  Here's hoping I'll have another trip through NOLA where I can hear jazz with the locals.This is mostly a "tourist trap". We, locals can appreciate the good places from the no so good, in the area.
My wife wanted to try the fried chicken, so we put our names down, which the hostess said it would be around 30 minutes. After 45 minutes passed I asked the hostess for a status, she said it would be about 5 more minutes. The restaurant had several empty tables. Went back I after 15 more minutes, the hostess could not tell us how much longer it would take. We left. Poorly managed restaurant.Figure I would stop since I passed several times thinking maybe I should have continued. Ordered hog head cheese which my mother stated was was blah/Alligator sausage it looked like super market sausage and a little dry  ,chicken wings for kids and File' gumbo for myself, Food came promptly gumbo hot and good  seasoned well and tasty, kids stated chicken wings were good, but really think we were just hungry/hot and needed a meal, but check it out, I'm no food critic #updated#Went to Praline Connection in 2004 and loved it; always wanted to go back. Driving across country from California, went out of my way 3-hours to return to Praline Connection. The food was horrible, I got the impression that the employees felt the same way. Had gumbo; it was like water with a file' color, no visible seafood or taste thereof; instead I had two meatless chicken bones, and the sausage seemed like blood sausage. The stuffed crab was more like dried soy-stuffing stuff - it was nasty! I inquired about new ownership and was told there was no change of owners. Perhaps the impact from Katrina resulted in cost cutting? My recommendation would be to restore authenticity and quality, and find alternative cost cutting measures or you will go out of business. Consider reducing your operations hours; such as, opening evenings and weekends only - reduce cost by closing during the daytime. Then appropriate savings toward better food.I honestly cannot say anything negative about this place except maybe it was too unkind to my arteries (which is actually a good thing). 
My friend and I enjoyed a meal our first night in NoLa. We were a convenient walk from our hotel in the quarter. Despite its location, we were absolutely shocked at how empty it was. So, we were a bit skeptical at first. But, alas, our meal was nothing short of amazing and authentic Creole. 
For a drink, I ordered the hurricane- best hurricane I had down there- and I had a LOT. Then, we split the crawfish etouffe, a side of collards, and macaroni and cheese. Needless to say, we were in heaven. The portions are quite large and the prices are very reasonable. The staff made us feel right at home. 
All in all, high on my list of recommendations.A local recommended this place to us. Some dishes were great, others not so much. 
We tried the sampler, alligator sausage, crawfish etouffee, gumbo, jambalaya, bread pudding, and of course, a hurricane. So, we got a good mix of everything.
Excellent gumbo, fried gator sausage, and the best bread pudding!! I guess it really depends on what you order here. Can't go wrong with a hurricane!!!I live in New Orleans so I know what true, authentic NOLA food should taste like. This was my first time eating at The Praline Connection, so I was pretty excited. That excitement quickly vanished when no one greeted us and we waited at the door staring at workers passing us by. We ended up having to walk to the kitchen door to ASK to be seated. We were finally seated and waited about 20 minutes before our server came to our table (only because we had to ask where our server was). After waiting forever, we finally placed our order. The food was NOT freshly prepared; it was obvious it was pre-cooked, refrigerated and then heated up. My meatloaf was dried up and extremely hard on one side (like it has been in the fridge for a long time and that was the side that was sitting up in the fridge). The macaroni was soggy and tasted old. This place seems like a tourist trap to feed visitors who don't know any better in regards to food quality. I spent nearly a $100 on old, warmed up food. My sister got her praline cheesecake to go, and all they put in the box was the cheesecake slice and no praline sauce. I'm telling everyone I know about the poor-quality food at this place. It's ashame you all feed people old food...enough for someone to get sick! You won't have to worry about me spending another dollar at your establishment; I'll get higher quality from a Stoffer's frozen dish. Simply ridiculous! We visited Saturday afternoon, and it'll be our last visit. I'm not spending a large amount of money on stale, unfresh food that could potentially make me ill from unfreshness. It's a shame tourists don't know any better when it comes to what good nola food is, because it's definitely not this place.Authentic soul food. Good food good atmosphere.. Good service.. Had the taste of soul. Everything was really good. Would come back for sureGenerally, I only write a review if it's great or if it's terrible - this place was amazing. I could not believe the reviews I read from other Yelpers who said otherwise. The catfish is the best I've ever had - hands down!   Crawfish Étouffée was full of crawfish and very tasty. The cornbread will make you want to slap your mama! And...our waiter is by far one of the BEST I've ever had.  For that matter, the entire waitstaff was, as my husband said, Johnny on the Spot!
Five Stars doesn't seem enough.Fried chicken was unreal!   Best fried chicken I have EVER had!
Only 4 stars because the sides fell flat. Red beans and rice and White beans and rice were blandOur food ( seafood platter and meatloaf entree) were excellent.  My dining partner had the bread pudding and said it was the best he had in the French quarter.  The wait staff was great and attentive.  The interior could use some updating (black/white paint scheme w/ checkered floor). Slap on some fresh paint, dim the lighting a bit, and it will make a world of difference... But I still highly recommend!!!The PO boys are excellent portions with awesome amounts of whatever meat you choose. The beat salad is huge, you won't be disappointed; if you're into them. Some friends said the Jamabalaya wasn't that great, but I didn't think it was bad, just not special.
Overall the service was good once we got in, but expect to wait as it gets pretty busy.I usually find really good restaurants on Yelp, and to be honest I was iffy about this one, but I was tired, hungry, and definitely wanted to visit Fauburgh Marigny, so we gave it a try. 
I do think a two and a half rating is most appropriate, so i will round up because rounding down I feel would be mean, and there are a few things I like about the Praline Connection. They are:
+Location on Frenchmen St. in the Fauburgh Marigny. 
+Old charming upbeat atmosphere. 
+Nice waiters and waitress. 
+Service was decent, unlike most yelpers mentioned, they were not slow at all. 
+Crawfish ettoufee appetizer was small, yet delicious.
+Bread pudding was good
Here is what I didn't love:
-Fried chicken- way overrated. 
-Catfish- bland and barely a taste. 
-Cornbread- hard and tasteless
I would never return.Comfort food at its best.  Huge portions-always take home.  Eaten here for years as a tourist.  My only complaint is the sweet cornbread-if I wanted cake, I'd order it.  Service can be spotty, but I go for the Food.
Enjoy!!I always go there when I am in New Orleans.  The food is good without being great - although the fried chicken is fantastic -, but the atmosphere is what makes this place special.  My son loved the the rice and beans and he knows about rice and beans!
And then you have excellent music shows in the clubs on Frenchmen.We have visited here a couple of times over the last few years. Its located smack in the middle of Frenchman St. which is a great low-key alternative to Bourbon St.  The service has always been great even though they get ridiculously busy on some nights.  
I usually end up with some sort of shrimp dish here and its always good.  Their cornbread is great and the sweet tea has a slight honey taste to it which is awesome.  With a name like Praline Connection you can expect them to have have awesome pralines and they do.  Just last night they had a choice of regular, chocolate, or coconut pralines.  My wife tried the chocolate and said that it was good, but just not quite as good as the regular variant.
All in all, this is a great spot to grab some grub if you're already on Frenchman and don't want to wander too far away.The Praline Connection makes a mean po' boy.  The restaurant is located just outside the French Market on Frenchman St, in a lower-key, musically-influenced area of town.  I was looking forward to trying out their fried oyster po' boy, but unfortunately, the restaurant was out of oysters.  They use only Louisiana oysters and because of the oil spill in the Gulf, they cannot serve any dishes with oysters.  Boo.
I subbed in a fish (catfish, I assume) po' boy instead and it was delectable.  It had catfish, shredded lettuce, slices of tomato, mayo, and pickles, inside a loaf of French bread.  With a side of fries, it was yummy and filling.
Small note on the fries: the menus have printed the fries are only $1.50 extra when ordered with a po' boy.  However, the restaurant charged us $2.00 and the server told us there was a sign out front that noted the change.  The menus still say $1.50 though.  The restaurant needs to correct this.  How are you just going to leave incorrect pricing in your menu (50 cents isn't a lot, but it's the principle)?
We were told by our waitress to try their fried chicken next time.  The waiters and waitresses are dressed in white dress shirts and black slacks with black top hats and suspenders.  The floor is tiled in black and white tiles.  The restaurant is connected to a small praline/candy shop where you can buy fresh daily-made pralines.  The pralines are about $2 apiece.  I bought a few of the original on my way out and they were pretty good.  Super sugary for sure.Went here and ordered the fried chicken with macaroni and cheese and collard greens. Now I know you cannot rely on most restaurant macaroni and cheese...but I was served kraft boxed macaroni and cheese; I didn't even have to taste it to know this. The greens were also from the can which can be told just by looking. The fried chicken was average. I'd never recommend this place.I dined here on July 5th and service was terrible. I was in town for Essence Festival and my hotel recommended Praline Connection so I walked over before heading to the concert that night. I was dining alone as my friend left earlier in the day. When I arrived the hostess who was very nice said that there was a table but service was slow. All the tables weren't full I guess they were just understaffed?  I said okay no problem as I had time before the concert. 
Slow was an understatement. I waited 30 minutes before I even got a menu. I only received a menu when the hostess came by to check on me and I told her I had no waiter and no menu. She apologized and said she would get someone. Another 10 minutes and still no waiter but she gives me a menu and I give her my order. The two tables next to me were being seated and guess what? They had waiters right away and good service. 
My food finally came and a woman waitress brought it out with the sweet tea I ordered.The gumbo was nasty and oily but the catfish and sweet potatoes were very good. The greens were nasty. The waitress was quick to bring me the $30 check though. I will never come here again and I had friends that visited New Orleans the week after me and I told them to avoid this place at all cost.We were recommended here by the hotel staff. But we were disappointed. Parking is an issue in the area. Staff was not very friendly or warm. Food lacked seasoning. Prices are inflated. I had the 3 fried chicken wings with white rice and greens. The juice from the greens soaked everything on my plate. The platter meal was shareable. It came with gumbo file, ribs, a fried piece of chicken, fried fish, greens, jambalaya & bread pudding. Everything looked good, but tasted very bland and served warm at best.We were on the hunt for vegetarian Gumbo (I know stupid) and were walking along Frenchman when a lovely waitress ducked her head out of the restaurant as I was perusing their menu.  I asked her the difference between the Gumboes on the menu and she said one was meat and the other veggie.  SCORE!
We entered, were seated and ordered the veggie Gumbo.  She informed us it had crab but they could take it out if we wanted. We opted for the crab.  The stew had lots of greens in it which we loved.  The Gumbo was so damn delicious. I'm thinking about three days later!  She also brought us warm cornbread that was to die for.  Love the big easy ambiance of the joint, the sweetness of the staff, and the yumminess of the food.  Not a gumbo expert but it seemed to be amazing.This place was recommended to me by some friends. Upon entering no one is there to greet you and a bunch of ppl were just standing at the so called hostess stand looking around. Completely disorganized and there seem to be no system to how they were seating parties. There was an older lady with glasses that looked so overwhelmed. This was apparent in her demeanor. She didn't look like she wanted to be there and was disgustingly rude and dismissive. I approached to ask if we could get on a list (for a party of 10!!!!!!!!) but before I could say anything she told me to "MOVE! I need to get back there" with an eye roll. So I moved aside and thought once she placed the menus down she will at the very least acknowledge or assist us but no she doubled down on her bad attitude and continued to ignore us. Needless to say we will NOT be back. If this is how they treat you upon entering their doors I can't imagine how much care they put into their food. I would give this place -2 stars. Get rid of the lady with the bad attitude or maybe add additional staff so that she's not so overwhelmed!Slow Satturday afternoon, maybe 4 tables in the place. 3/21, my birthday.
Seated ourselves, given menus. Never spoken to or offered drinks. Completely ignored. Left after 20 minutes.
Manager stood in corner talking to same customer the whole time and seems to care less about losing business.
As a long time server and restaurant manager, I cannot tolerate bad, or in this case , non-existent service.
2 other tables came in after us, and although they waited as well, they were at least given water, my elderly parents and I weren't.Great soul food without the greasiness. Catfish was fresh, juicy, tender with a light crisp batter flash fried to perfection. No oil dripping from the fillet... Not over cooked ...the ribs were awesome.. Slow cooked, tasty, tender, falling off the bone delicious... Just enough bbcue sauce - did not over burden the taste of marinated meat... Very well prepared.... Red beans and rice... Good, just a tad too salty for me... Collards were good too. Would have preferred them a little less cooked - I like my collars still slightly crunchy, but I realize not everyone does.. I did appreciate that the greens were not salty. People tend to over season greens.. Not here. They weren't bland either.... Just enough seasoning to know it's there.  Fried chicken- awesome... Just like the catfish, the batter was light & crispy, leaving the chicken juicy & tender.  And let me not forget the service! Excellent, friendly staff..  Armand was our waiter. He was extremely patient and entertaining, and wasn't the least bit fazed by my boyfriend who can be extremely challenging to wait on! Way to go Armand! Go niners!Delicious food , great service, but don't ask for separate checks!! Went with a group of 4  and it was our last meal in New Orleans before heading back to Chicago. . Everyone wanted a good and tasty down home meal and 
Praline Connection did not disappoint. I had the wings,
Rice and beans, greens. So good .....
Regarding the separate checks, they were all wrong but we settled it among ourselves.Service was very very slow and it wasn't even a busy day. Food was nothing special considering most of the other places I tried in and around the French Quarter were great. They ran out of Jambalaya and tried to substitute it with regular white rice. Strange. Red beans and rice were nothing special. Overall I was disappointed and would have been even without all the tourist hype about this place.
August 10th around 2 PMBest fried chicken! Went perfect with red beans, rice and okra. Love the portion size and the sweet tea but most of all love the people. True southern hospitality. Even went out of their way to hail us a cab to get back to our hotel. Going back for sure before our trip ends. Try local brew Abita Strawberry Harvest - seasonal so get it while you can.I came here on a recommendation. Well, I was a little disappointed. First of all, our waiter was RUDE, mumbled everything, and seemed to have some sort of personal issues going on. At one point another waiter had to pull our waiter to the side and give him a "pep talk".
Anyway, I thought the menu offered a good variety of homestyle souls food, but when our food arrived to the table, it was cold. 
I never received the cornbread that came with my meal, and the other 3 people with me sent their gumbo back to be reheated. Who serves cold gumbo?! The gumbo was the main reason we came. Nothing seemed fresh, and from where I was sitting, I could see the microwave getting used A LOT!
I wouldn't go back here unless this was the last option.ambiance 7/10
service 7/10
softshell crab Po' boy   2/10 essentially felt like bread crumbs in bread sandwich.
sea food gumbo: 1/10
fried okra: 2/10
wings: looked fine. I did not have them though.
corn bread: 1/10
paralines: 2/10SPOILER ALERT: Avoid this place. If you want to know why, then go ahead and keep reading, if not, just take my word on it!
It's always sad when you leave a restaurant feeling as though you wasted money. It's sadder when you leave a restaurant feeling that way in NOLA because it's not just money that's wasted, its a gastronomical experience. It's like you when you come to New Orleans you are given a certain number of tickets, each with the promise of a potentially amazing dining experience. You're bound to get a dud, but it still is a bummer when you do. 
This for sure is a dud.
They had a good diner feel and were definitely busy, I just can't figure out why. Lettuce was used as garnish on my Cheese Pate (which is a pork pate from Boar's Head and awful), but was just a few pieces scattered haphazardly over the plate. And it was that thin, cafeteria-white lettuce. I also had the Étouffée, which, somehow was actually bland.
By boyfriend had a po'boy, which was ok as was my Gin Fizz. The server who brought them to us was slightly sweaty, but I'm assuming it's just cause he was clearly new. 
Overall, just awful, but hey, when you take risks with your NOLA tickets, you might run across a dud from time to time. 
Don't waste your ticket here!wandered in here as we walked down the street getting lost in NOLA.  definitely didn't disappoint.  the food was hot, and plenty, service was excellent.  we felt welcomed as if it was just a sunday dinner and we were coming home to mom's...everyone came by the table and took time out to make sure we were taken care of and our drinks were topped off.  
then true to my vision of NOLA, street musicians started playing across the street on the corner.  between the amazing food, and great music, i can't wait to go back for another visit...Wonderful food in a quiet atmosphere (hard to find when visiting Mew Orleans). Had the stuffed crab, collard greens and Mac & Cheese.  Loved it! Greens were perfect!! Husband ordered red beans and rice with a side of sausage.  Yum!!I had heard from the locals this was a great place to eat. 
Well perhaps I came the wrong day because I truly did not enjoy the meal. I orded the catfish ..it was baked and served over rice, Extremely bland... 
The server also did not complete my order do i never received my side item but was charged for a complete meal.
I orded the Jolly Rancher drink...it was way too sweet and I did not drink it, but was charged for it. 
I can't recommend this restaurantBest kept secret in New Orleans!!! Ask for Susie, she's wonderful!!! So are the white beans and rice, greens, corn bread, and fried chicken!Wack-ass cornball waiter tried to tell me they were out of po boys. I protested but he was insistent. So we got jambalaya, mac n cheese, cornbread and collard greens. Cornbread was stale, jambalaya tasted like skanky microwaved leftovers. The mac n cheese was good. Collard greens were bland. When I was leaving, I saw them serving po boys to another table. I called my waiter out on it, and he just said "its never too late."If I could give this place six stars I would!
Try the taste of soul and you will not be disappointed.  Someone at my table asked me how the ribs were and all I could get out was "Holy Sh*t" and offered them one.  All they could respond with was "Holy Sh*t" as well.  Falls off the bone with a perfect sauce.  This food is so good you just grunt with carnal desire.  Fried catfish?  Never been a fan until now.  Jambalaya made so fresh you can see the different ingredients without it being a mass on a dish.  Gumbo with crab claws?  Who does this?  Of course the fried chicken was going to be good.  And then dessert-  Bread Pudding with Praline sauce.  Again, back to grunting.
Service was on the spot from the second you open the door.  Jasmine is a food angel!
I came here during French Quarter Festival and they had a special menu from Midnight- 4 AM on Friday and Saturday nights.  The power went out in the Marigny during a storm but they run on generators to let the customers enjoy their meal in its entirety.It's a quiet, relaxed atmosphere..The music in the background is Marvin Gaye, Gladys Knight...very Soulful - very chill. It's like eating Sunday dinner at ya momma's house...mmm mmm mmm. Speaking of which, my Mum says, "if someone feeds you...they love you"
So...if you want to be full, happy and feel all the love that NOLA has..you better make your way down here quick before I soak it all up!I had the shrimp po'boy and an iced tea. Iced tea was really good in this weather. Great black tea not that nestea shit. The Poboy was really good. Huge sammich for the price. I would love to try different dishes from here.I loved everything about this place. If you like southern cooking this place is pretty good.
Service -A ( awesome friendly staff, Mrs Praline herself is awesome and attentive to customers!)
Food -A (flavorful treat)
Pralines-A (a friend said they were the devil)
Location -A area where you can walk about and do other things.Great food; great service!!!  Don't expect this to be a place to have a quiet dinner; it's loud, fun and the people watching opportunities are awesome!!  Highly recommend the beans, rice and fried chicken...and don't forget the pralines on the way out!  Kudos to our server Sierra who graciously relocated us from a group that forgot their manners at home......we appreciated that very much!!The price for the amount of food is pretty good, and the taste is not bad. The plastic table wrapping reminded me of my great grandmother's sofa and it was a bit tight in places- crowded with chairs and tables.  
I ordered the seafood combination platter and it came loaded with fried seafood.  I really couldn't tell the difference between the catfish and the other fish, nor the oysters until I bit into them.  They were all good, but lacked in presentation.
When I was halfway through my dinner, I noticed there was a salad buried under that mound of fried foods.
The service was good, not great.  They tried, but failed to make eye contact and didn't really check on us a frequently as I would've liked.  In fact, I don't think they really checked on our table at all unless we called on them for another drink or napkins.
All in all, the food was good.Great place.  Clean dishes and kind servers. The hostess did not greet us after a minute she said how many. No hello, good evening or one moment. Once seated our server was great!  The food was served hot and delicious! Fresh greens, cabbage, fried chicken, ribs, catfish, gumbo and crawfish etouffee!  So good my husband raved about the bread pudding. Great service!As Ted said, we--well, he had to wait an hour and a half (I showed up late and then left to run an errand and came back..haha). Even though I didn't wait, I was still pissed cuz my girl Theresa X couldn't join us for lunch due to time constraints. :(
But it was new years day and I needed my lucky black-eyed peas so I decided to check this place out. 
The waiter was nice enough, but a tad "absent-minded" as Ted mentioned. Another lady (the owner?) noticed we didn't have our appetizers yet and checked on them which was nice. We started out with some alligator sausage which was pretty good and fried pickles..OMG delicious.
For my meal I had bbq pork ribs with a side of greens and macaroni & cheese but  like I said, I came for Black- Eyed Peas..it's freakin new years day and most people with some kind of southern heritage are looking to eat them. Here at Praline you can only order them separately as a side, and not substitute them for one of your regular sides..ugh! The greens were fine and the mac & cheese was quality! Almost like mom's..well, except the noodles the they use are long and skinny.
BTW, the portions are HUGE which a Texas girl like me is used to! I was happy to take it back to the room so I had lunch and dinner!!
Honestly I loved my meal, I would give it more stars if it wasn't for the wait and the slow service.Went here for dinner with the family, after coming here years ago and liking what I had.   The food was mediocre and inconsistent and it took forever to get our food.  The staff was super friendly (which helped keep us from being upset).   We had fried chicken livers appetizer, I didn't eat, but the persons eating them said they were good, we had fried pickles, which were pretty good I guess, and we had catfish nuggets, which were not the best, but still good.   As far as Entrees, the etoufee was very bland, jambalaya was so so, the ribs were tough (NOT GOOD),  and nobody was really super happy about anything.  However, the red beans and rice I had were delicious, the fried catfish nuggets were pretty tasty, and the fried shrimp were good.   I did not love the Gumbo and bit into a hard shell of a crab (as if they hadn't removed it after making stock) and then a chicken bone or something.  Flavor was there, but sloppily prepared.  fried chicken was greasy and not better than something you would get at a convenient mart.   I won't ever be coming back here as there are too many gooTo be quite frank, the service my family and I revived on the 3rd of April, was horrendous. This place is a staple in terms of restaurants to try, however, the experience we had was as if we went to an amateur bistro that cared less about the quality of food served rather than the degree of satisfaction to be realized by the customer. Manager was called in hopes that a some sort of customer satisfaction would be rendered, but that was loss cause. I petition to the management team to get back to the basics that prevailed.Very poor customer service and rude wait staff! Told to "Wait outside" with our party when only 5 people inside and didn't appear to care about our business. After waiting in the sun, went down the street and found somewhere that wanted our business.We were really looking forward to some good ole food on Frenchmen one evening when we came across this place. It's an ok late night spot because it's open so late, but the food was not up to par for us. As someone who loves soul food, I found that it wasn't seasoned as well as we would have liked. Also, the fried chicken was extremely dry as well as the cornbread. We were so disappointed with our experience here and don't think we'll be returning anytime soon. Lastly, they ran out of bread pudding and replaced it with basic peach cobbler. That was such a bummer!While visiting NOLA, we did a quick search for the best mac & cheese in NOLA and decided to try this place out. Definitely glad we did!
The restaurant is located in the Marigny District with lots to do/see in the area. 
We went on a Wednesday at around 7:30pm, and were seated immediately. The place is small but with a classic but colorful decor. The wait staff was exceptionally nice and professional - probably the best service we had while in NOLA. 
The food was good - red beans and rice were the best. We did try the mac & cheese - while it was definitely delicious, it was nothing extraordinary.  Portions were perfect and the entrees came with two sides and cornbread. Food was served quickly.
Overall, I'd highly recommend this restaurant for it's great food and exceptional service.This place is way too overrated concerning the food as I did not try the pralines. The gumbo was so-so nothing special, the red beans and rice tasted like refried beans, the greens tasted like they came out of a can, the jambalaya wasn't good either, the fried chicken was fried too long, the ribs were ok but were a little tough, the Mac n cheese was so-so, the fried catfish was actually very good and the bread pudding was horrible. The only reason why I gave this place 2 stars was because of the service, our waiter was very nice and attended to our needs.Classic Cajun Creole soul food. Will definitely be back the next time I visit New Orleans!i was there with a group of 14 other people and the praline connection was the last restaurant we visited before we returned home to Los Angeles.  they were very accomodating with our group, pushing tables together so we could all sit together.
since we had a large group that ordered a variety of items on the menu, i got to try a lot of delicious food that night!  i ordered the fried chicken with mac and cheese and it came with cornbread.  the fried chicken was deliciously crisp, but not greasy, moist, but not dripping with oil.  it was awesome.  cornbread was pretty good too.  i also tasted a crabby gumbo that was....well....crabby.
i won't go into details of the rest of the food that i tried, mostly because i don't remember the details, but i do remember that this place was good enough to put a smile on my face before we got on the plane the next day.
for a good taste of new orleans, great service, and a cozy atmosphere, this place is highly recommended!As we entered Praline connection we were greeted by a well dressed host as well as the staff. The wait time was a half hour which was fine. The customer service is decent as well as the food but the sides could be better. Taste store bought at best... atmosphere is ok.Yum!  My husband and I had a great meal here during our last trip to NOLA.  The staff was extremely friendly even though it was very busy and a few patrons were being really cranky with them.  There was a little bit of a wait for the food, but nothing unreasonable, and the authentic food and fun atmosphere more than made it worthwhile.  We will be back the next time we visit this wonderful city!Fantastic food! Fantastic service! Definitely recommend this amazing place :) The staff was very friendly. We will be back!I'm not a regular reviewer but this place was good enough I'd thought I'd make it my first one. So far, this is the best food for the price I've had since visiting New Orleans for Thanksgiving. My friend and I had the "Taste of Soul Food" platter and it was amazing! The chicken I absolutely love! The ribs were the only so-so thing on the platter that I was not impressed with. 
This is the best place for the best price. I would definitely recommend.Being from California, guess I never really understood what real comfort food tasted like, until Today!  Call me dramatic but I'm forever changed. 
Recommend
-Fried Alligator sausage 
-Taste of soul platter - must try to experience a variety of options offered in the menu.
Gumbo
Jambalaya 
Friend chicken
Fried catfish
Ribs
Rice n beans
Collard greens
Bread pudding 
-Shrimp etoufee 
THis by far was the best meal thus far into my trip to New Orleans, granted this is my first meal. But excited for more!A gumpo was delicious, a whole plate of local food was so tasty that you would love to eat more, if your stomach could have been able to digest:)
A place is very traditional and full with local people. All of staff is very nice. Highly recommended!February 16, 2015. Extremely bad service and rude staff & manager. Waited 30 minutes for order and didn't get all we ordered. The food we did get was not very good. Maybe they were having a bad night, but we'll never give them another chance because of their bad attitudes. Instead,  we went to Dat Dog across the street and got good food there. With all the food choices on Frenchman Street, I don't think Praline Connection should be turning business away.Omg!! So disappointed with the food. Mac&cheese taste like it was from the box and none of the food had any flavor. The worst food I had in New Orleans. Please don't waste your money if you want food with flavor.After reading all the mixed reviews, I still felt it was worth a try because 'when in Rome!'  My husband and I got the appetizer size Crawfish Ettoufe which was freaking de-lish and I was wishing we had ordered the entree size. It's perfection! It's bold! It's creamy! It's well balanced! And the crawfish?!? Omg, tiny pieces of heaven!
We also ordered the Fried Chicken Liver because I love liver and onions over rice, a dish I grew up eating so I was excited to try it, although was ultimately disappointed. It didn't have seasoning and it was heavy on the batter, although "fluffy" if that makes sense. They serve it with a hot and sweet jelly which compliments the liver well. I just wasn't too crazy about the overall bland taste and it tasted grimy. 
Then we had the fried chicken with the potato salad and collard greens as sides. The potato salad isn't bad. I guess the locals make it with lots of mustard instead of mayo. Fried chicken is fried chicken, the batter was different and the chicken was moist. My biggest disappointment was the collard greens, it has no flavor. It's basically boiled with a little bit of pepper. Again, it must just be the way they cook it here. It seems some foods are bland as hell whereas others are bursting with flavor. 
Overall this being New Orleans I was expecting an explosion of local flavors, Cajun, spicy, salty, flavorful!! That's what I was hoping for. For every dish to have been given as much love and attention as the Ettoufe. Oh well...We did not visit the restaurant but they were a vendor at the bayou boogaloo. We got fried chicken wings with a side of greens (we were told it was a mix of collard and turnip). Honestly some of the best fried chicken and greens I've had. I might even say the chicken was better than Willie mae's.This review is just for the pralines. We got them to go, one original, one coconut. They also had chocolate and rum flavors available. They cost about $5 for two, and were absolutely delicious. I've made pralines at home before and also had a gift box purchased by someone in the past from another nola spot and these totally blew the others out of the water.WOW! YUM! TASTY! this little joint on frenchman served us a great meal. the service was ok. the food was fresh and full of flavor. a fusion of soul/cajun/creole.I have visited New Orleans half a dozen times in the last five or so years.  I enjoy the food immensely and like to try various restaurants.  My hotel recommended Praline Connection as nearby.  To my surprise, my meal here ended up being the best of my trip.  The prices were still fairly expensive, but near the Quarter probably influenced that.  My boyfriend's shrimp etouffee was excellent and my shrimp poboy was delicious.  
On a negative note, my boyfriend's dinner clearly stated it came with sides on the menu, but he was never brought them even though he was charged for them.  Oddly, this also happened at another restaurant.  Apparently in New Orleans, some restaurants regularly cheat you out of your sides unless you ask for them.I went back just to get crawfish etouffee on New Year's Day last year & it was completely underwhelming in an unacceptable way. I'd say this restaurants deserves a 3.5 star rating overallVisiting NOLA and this place was recommended for their peach cobbler and Ice cream. As you can see they were out of Ice cream. I asked for small discount since the desert was incomplete, and the waiter said no. So, I asked for the manager and the waiter said that she was to busy...I want be back to this spot..its not about the money, its about the principle...A pleasant place for dinner, we went on a Sunday around 6 and there were plenty of tables.  The roast beef Po' boy was good, and the Bread pudding with Praline sauce was awesome!  Great service, comfortable place, quite neighborhood with plenty to see on the walk over.The food was very good, portions were good size, in fact we didn't Finnish our main dish because the appetizers were more than expected. Although the food service was quick, the waitress didn't get our complete order correctly. We all felt like she didn't want to be there, and she was a bit rude and disrespectful. Had there been better customer service we would have given it 3 1/2 maybe 4 stars.