It's a Ritz: old, nice, a bit stuffy and well located in the French Quarter but far enough off Bourbon street that you dont actually step into the urine/vomit/booze syrup that glosses the pavement in these parts. 
Minus stars for:
-The lobby set up. Taking two elevators is confusing when you have been drinking for 30 straight hours and were recently hexed by a voodoo shaman. 
-The water pressure. Or lack thereof. We are surrounded by water in the Crescent City- get some into the pipes
- The staff. Just not the overtly polite polish- "we are here to serve your every demand, no matter how trivial" -that I expect from a Ritz
All in all, I'd stay again, but if you are expecting the 6 star treatment the Ritz Carlton reputations are built from, you may be slightly disappointed.We stayed at the NOLA Ritz April 14-18. I have always wanted to stay at the Ritz Carlton. I'm not going to lie, I had high hopes for the Ritz.  I even joined their rewards club.  I have got to tell you I was not very impressed. I have stayed in luxury hotels in Vegas that are far less expensive and I was much more pleased. 
Check-in was easy and quick. I didn't appreciate the clerk trying to sell me an additional meal package, I felt like I was at MacDonald's. The room was basic and small, had a slight musty smell. The pictures on their website are beautiful, so...what happened? The plumbing pipes were loud. I was able to hear each time our neighbors took a shower.  The towels were terrible! They were cheap and rough feeling. I liked the bath products. 
We had a late night bite to eat in the Davenport Lounge. Food was good, cocktails not so much. Service was slow but very friendly. The decor and ambiance in the lounge is gorgeous. 
My first visit to The Ritz, was quite disappointing. I most likely will not return to this location.  I will however consider other locations.Rooms seem to have a sound proofing problem with hallway noise. Was mistakenly charged for a mini bar item that i am allergic to and would never have been able to ingest. However the valet staff was wonderful as was the bar staff. Beautiful hotel with a great location....Fancy pancy! And we love it! Exceptional service and one block away from bourbon st!Still a great option. 
Amazing staff, excellent accommodations and money well spent. 
As one writer has pointed out, Platinum Elite Marriott members are not given club level access or free parking, but this is clearly spelled out in the Marriott rewards account details. If you receive it elsewhere (other Ritz locations), it is lagniappe. 
The Ritz Carlton has its own rewards program and most guests staying here are staying because they can afford to pay for a certain level of care and they have little issue paying for what is desired. After all, 5 star experiences usually involve a 5 star price tag. Does anyone really believe that the elitist of our society choose hotels solely based on points or rewards? They will happily shell out the extra $100 - $200 a night for snacks and treats on the club level along with the ability to escape the commoners (i.e. Those looking for free access so they can bring in all six of their friends). 
My 2016 Stay 
So------I did not receive a suite or club level access free of charge, but I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. I am also most appreciative of the amenity delivered to my room. Anyone looking for a free suite and lots of freebies may be better served hopping over to the full service Marriott which is a few blocks away. 
Davenport Lounge and Room Service 
The room service food offerings are hot, fresh and delicious even at 3am. The Davenport has really good food too. I love their seafood pasta, sirloin burger and believe it or not, the French fries. The fries are better than any fries I have ever had. Any fry, any day... RC wins the best fries award. 
I would stay again in a heartbeat. It has consistently been a great choice. Highly recommend staying here.Who could ask for anything more?
I was in New Orleans for the Essence Festival. I had a FABULOUS time in New Orleans and the hotel accommodations were top notch. 
I was in my natural habitat...you know...with the OTHER celebs.
The most endearing part of my stay was one of the employees saying...."It's a pleasure to wait on you. When it's one of my own I take a special pride in serving them" and that warmed my heart....as far as we've come we still have a ways to go. (if that makes any sense)
Not to get all deep on ya...it was the best!
Plush PI want to give this a 4.5...
You can't dislike the Ritz - very clean, friendly, and accommodating.  My husband and I had a wonderful stay. 
We loved the location - it was close enough to Bourbon street without all the noise.
The room was very nice and the bed was incredibly comfortable.  In addition they've switched their bathroom products from bulgari to asprey...which is equally as amazing! (I actually like the smell better)
Only a couple of hiccups:
Our room service for dinner was quoted at 25 minutes. After 50 I called to follow up. The manager instantly got on the phone, comped the bill and delivered our food within 15. Mistakes happen, and I was happy in the way they handled the situation.
The bathroom shower had some strange cracks that appeared to be leaking. Due to the age of the hotel, maybe it is expected?
I will definitely return to this Ritz next time I'm in N.O.We stayed here on our last trip for Mardi Gras. We had requested a room with two double beds when we booked, however when we were checking in they didn't have one available, so we were stuck with a Queen... but they offered to give us a roll-away bed, which was okay, but the room was so tiny that it didn't feel comfortable to have an extra bed in there. Parking is expensive ($40-$45 per night), but it's like that everywhere. The pool is so tiny, you wonder if it's a tub to soak in before actually going to the actual pool, but no that is the actual pool. They also had a hot tub, which was full of drunk people who wouldn't leave! Annoying! But again, it's Mardi Gras, so I guess it was to be expected. During the parade, all of the entrances to the hotel are closed except for one and they have security checking your wrist band to see if you are really a guest of the hotel, which I guess had to be done to avoid douche bags coming in. As you enter the hotel, you have to take the elevator to the 3rd floor where the actual lobby is and then from there you switch elevators to get to your room, which was annoying. 
We saw Ludacris at the hotel with his entourage like 3 times, it was nice to see a celebrity. 
Service is okay, I guess I was expecting more... Overall, a nice place to stay!Wonderful stay. Everyone was so nice. The beds were comfy and clean. The rooms were very nice. All the food... From room service to the restaurant for breakfast... Was so good. I would definitely stay here again.This property and very Nice.  Many amenities and the rooms are a decent size.  The beds are great, the toiletries are top quality.
When I checked in, they were very prompt and courteous.  They even recognized me as a repeat visitor.  No room upgrade though : (
The only thing I don't like are the towels.  They are nice, but seem a bit rough.  Just not really that soft.  Also, since this is my third time staying here, I always noticed that the sink and tub drain slowly.
Other than that, everything is great.  I don't spend a lot of time at the hotel it self, with all that NOLA has too offer, but I do think they make pretty good drinks at the bar.
If you are thinking about staying in NOLA, and if the price is not too high, this place is worth it.  Most of the time, the hotel price is comparable to others.
The also have twice-a-day housekeeping service.  It is always nice to come back after a night out to a clean and refreshed room.This review is just for the spa part. $145 for 50 mins. Marilyn was fantastic! I told her where I needed work and she was on it. I wished I got 80 mins because she didn't have time to work on feet and back :(
The spa itself was just ok. The spa fee for use of facility is $75 def not worth it because there were not many amenities. Ladies bring your bathing suit the pool and hot tub is in coed area downstairs.We were in New Orleans for a conference four days after Mardi Gras 2015 and we stayed on the 5th floor of the Club Level. 
Location: If you want to explore the French Quarter this hotel is in the perfect location - literally right on the edge of the French Quarter, but away from the noise.  If you're heading to the convention center it's a mile away and a short taxi ride.
The room: nice furnishings, comfortable bed, quiet, somewhat on the smallish side. Free wifi. Downside is we had a view of the parking lot out of one window and the Hyatt on the other. (Next time we'll ask for a higher floor.) 
Club level - this is the reason we're going to make this our "go to" hotel in New Orleans.  Literally the nicest club we've ever been in (and we've been in quite a few.)  Great place to hang out after touring around and meetings. Lots of space -3 separate rooms - and great decor. 
24/7 snacks, plus breakfast, lunch, dinner, and food in-between. Wine/beer/drinks. WSJ and NY Times.
Staff: The Club has its own dedicated and very helpful concierge staff. But everyone in the hotel was helpful, courteous and went out of their way to be accomodating. World class service.
To top it off we had a 6:45pm flight and they let us stay in the room until 4pm and afterwards use the club until we left for the airport.
Great hotel. Great vibe of people truly interested in making your stay enjoyable.
Stay on the Club Level if you can.The bartender named Byron was superb! He is passionate abt his drinks and the local fare. Excellent!I was surprised this hotel was on my company's preferred list.   I chose the Ritz over a Country Inn & Suites.  Yay, me!  Excellent service.   Large room with nice touches.   A little worried I would be up all night listening to the guests (3 girls) in the adjacent room.  But it was quiet and/or I was comatose from dinner and wine.   Beautiful courtyard.  Fun to walk around the common areas of the hotel.   Good location.  Walked to my meeting.    I would stay there again.You can't go wrong with the Ritz-Carlton - courteous staff and gorgeous interior. Strangely enough, the Ritz wasn't much more expensive than other hotels in the area and a little cheaper than some three-star hotels on Bourbon Street. In my opinion, the hotel is in the perfect location and a lot nicer compared to some others on Canal Street. Plus, walkable to all the must-see/eat places in New Orleans. Bourbon Street is a short 5-min walk away, a comfortable distance from noisy drunk people when you're ready to turn in. You have to pay for Internet, but there's free wi-fi in the lobby.
Only drawback: our room on the fourth floor had the worst view ever. The only thing we could see were a couple of spinning roof vents and the side of a building. Needless to say, we just kept our curtains closed.
All in all, you're guaranteed a wonderful stay here! I highly recommend it.Returned because we enjoyed the club-level so much last time. What a let-down.  We upgraded to a club-level suite and ended up in a dingy 4th floor suite.  What was worse is when we got to the room it reeked of some unidentifiable but pungent smell, bad enough that our bellman volunteered to try to get us another room.  No other rooms were available. They sent housekeeping to try to get rid of the smell.  Best we can tell is they turned on the fan.
Never heard back from the front-desk.  Could have used a "oops, we're sorry."
3 stars because the club itself is still great.
We were planning to return later this week, now I'm thinking we may go elsewhere.Very nice hotel! Exceptional excellent service from the front door bellman to the front desk to the concierge to the barista to the maids to all staff came into contact with but especially to the waiter and staff that took care of us for breakfast and lunch for our meetings on the first floor! Excellent care for people with dietary restrictions!  Thank you!!Incredible room as always. Paid for the club level but didn't use it much. Have to say that it was very relaxing when we did. I'm so glad I can use my Marriott points at the Ritz now and actually got some respect. Great job people!Ultimate Luxury. It has a great spa area with a hot tub and jet pool. The rooms are large with comfortable beds. We ordered room service one day and got burgers. The burgers were around $25 each, but let me tell you these burgers were huge and probably the best that I have ever had. The idea of a $25 burger infuriates me, that is how good it was that I look back on it and was like WOW. The service there is incomparable to anywhere else I have stayed.I hate leaving the Ritz and especially the NOLA location. The staff had their southern grace turned up to max the whole time we were there. From the concierge to the bellman to the service staff everyone was so welcoming. Bring your swim suit because the pool area is neat and a great spot to relax after a day of walking. Splurge for the club access, you would think that in a city of great food you wouldn't need it but trust you won't be upset you had it. Ask a concierge to help you arrange what you would like to do while here and you will save yourself a nonalcoholic headache. All in all, it is worth it folks. Stay, sleep, enjoy!This review is long overdue.  I had  a work event in New Orleans at The Ritz Carlton last year.
Never been so hubby and I decided to make a short vacacaton and stayed a few extra days.
We stayed here for a week an I must say everything was great. The location was perfect, walking distance to shopping, French Quarter and even Harrah's casino. The trolley was right in front and there's a ton of restaurants nearby. The hotel itself had delicious food, great service and most importantly, the room was clean.  
It was our first visit to New Orleans so thank you Ritz Carlton for making it such a great experience. We will definitely stay here again when we visit in the future.This hotel is right on Canal, it's absolutely gorgeous and huge. They have a beautiful courtyard on the 3rd floor outside the lobby and the Davenport Lounge is excellent. Jeremy Davenport plays on Wednesday and Friday, and it was absolutely packed at the bar. Great music, definitely worth checking out if you're in the hotel.This is a gorgeous hotel with a perfect location ... on the edge of the French quarter. Just a short walk to the action but quiet enough that when you want to go back to your room to relax you can have a quiet place to escape to. The staff are top notch as is the décor.Probably one of the most elegant hotel experiences that I have had.  Prior to the Katrina disaster, I stayed here on business and it was undergoing a major renovation.  Despite the construction goings on, the staff was amazingly attentive, the food was incredible (of course, our staff was treated to a private dinner prepared by the executive chef), and everyone called me by my name wherever I went.  Felt a little too pampered...First time staying at the Ritz! Wow! They really roll out the red carpet! From the car attendent, to check in, to the bellmen. Very impressed so far!The most upscale hotel I've ever stayed in! The service was not even comparable to other places. My husband and I made reservations for our one year wedding anniversary last weekend and had an excellent time. There was a huge bathroom and the water ran very hot for the bathtub. They had an Ipod charger for my Iphone on the alarm clock and the bedding was very comfortable with plenty of extra pillows. Big HD Flat screen TV in the room and everything smelled like the candles they were burning in the lobby, even the travel size shampoo and lotions. It's just a short walk to Burboun street and a short drive to the Audubon Zoo and Aquarium. Just don't touch anything in the fridge unless you want to pay for it! They have weight senors and will charge for everything you move! (We called and they refunded the charges because we didn't actually use any of the products.)Not a "5".  I had hoped you would be a "5" rating.   I rate you barely a "4".  The staff were all extremely nice.  The following issues arose:   No comforters for "feather-free" room, just a crummy thin cotton blanket, was not sufficient and I was freezing on night 1.  Had to pursue this to get them to dig up a couple of comforters.  Really, Marriott has this down, wondering why the RITZ can't figure this out?   Next, hot tub was closed EARLIER than the stated time, despite being told previously it was open until 9pm.  That was a total bummer.  The free coffee card really doesn't compensate.  Then, got a phone call mid-week asking us what time we were checking out.  Well, actually, we had 3 more days left in our stay.  There were many small mis-steps like this during our stay and the Ritz Carlton never offered up any compensation.  For the price, I would not stay here again.  The devil is in the details and some of the details were disappointing, considering I expected excellence in luxury and service from the Ritz Carlton brand.I'm disappointed in our visit. The hotel is decorated nicely, it's in a superb location, and the staff was mostly very obsequious, however, I can't get over how unclean the room was. It hadn't been dusted in ions it seems. Not all the light were working, bed wasn't that comfortable, etc. We upgraded to the club level, so for the price we paid I would expect it to be better kept. 
Terrence in the club level was amazing and was a nice face to be greeted by each morning.I have a hotel ritual.  Lately, I've found myself judging hotels by my bubble bath experience.  Yeah, yeah, It's been AGES since I've yelped, but my bubble bath experience at the Ritz-Carlton New Orleans was so damn good, I had to come out of my yelping hiatus.  
Multiple jack and diets on the plane, my post-midnight arrival to New Orleans, and sharing a cab ride with randoms was the perfect recipe to unwind and take a nice long bath.  After catching up with the rest of the gals, and marveling at the size of our room/home for the next few days, I made a beeline to the bathroom and started to fill the enormous marble tub.  
Ah, the tub.  It could have easily fit all 3 of us!  I'm really certain about this.  Now I really regret not trying to get us all in there. . .perhaps the atmosphere (read: non-MardiGras trip) wasn't quite right.  
Aside from my pleasant (and multiple) bath experience, the rest of my stay at the Ritz-Carlton was spectacular.  From their hospitality to the green apples at the Fitness Center (which, btw, is so modern and clean), they really set the bar.   
If ever in New Orleans again, I'll definitely have to stay at the Ritz and take multiple baths!The location is a little away from the hustle and bustle if the quarter, so you will need to walk a little to Bourbon street.  Now, this hotel does not disappoint if you have stayed at any of the other properties.  I stayed during a business conference so I did not spend much time in the room because of conferences and getting out to explore the great food and frivolity right outside your door.Nice hotel in the French Quarter. On the 14th fl out of 15 floors. Well appointed hotel. Not quite as opulent as some other Ritz properties but in NOLA it's as nice as it gets.  
Slightly choppy entrance with lobby up on the 3rd floor and separate elevator to the upper room floors. Nice baths and quality furnishings sets the hotel apart from the basic Marriott Hilton Hyatt brands. Staff are friendly and helpful.This must rank as one of the better hotels I have stayed in. The rooms are very tastefully decorated, the ambience in the bar and live jazz is great - but what sets this place apart is the service: bellhop, restaurant servers, and all service staff. They really go the extra mile to make sure you are happy. Oh, and the food in the various restaurants is top notch. Highly recommended.A tale of two cities. The location was great, staff was wonderful, courtyard and bar area great. One of the rooms we had was clean and had a view of Canal Street that was picture like. Our other room was an utter disaster, view of a boarded up building while the bathroom had a cracked and peeling sink, a useless phone jack near the toilet that had a hole above it and several other similar issues. You CAN'T  put yourself out there with a Ritz quality image let aline charge $665 a night for that experience and room, it was very disappointing.Yow. We were here at the lounge last night to celebrate moms 60th birthday post dinner. She lovesssss Jeremy davenport so we had this planned for a while. Unfortunately the service was pretty bad. We arrived around 1145.... Late... But he plays til 1 so a hostess seated us and we got a table in the more restaurant-ish area next to the actual lounge. The service was awful. You know that feeling when you're at the mall at a clothing store that's about to close when everyone just ignores you and starts cleaning and turns the music off and avoids eye contact. That was how we felt except the music was on! We had to flag down a waiter for a drink order (party of 7) and then flag him down for the check maybe 45 minutes later. That was it. There were no ladies and gentlemen serving ladies and gentlemen. Drinks were yum and music was great as usual but I won't be back. At least til moms next birthday....I stayed here with my love and had the best hotel experience of my entire life. We dined at the hotel restaurant and the bar was fantastic. Russell at the front desk was so fruebdly and accommodating and truly went above and beyond to make our stay absolutely perfect. 
The bed and pillows were incredibly comfortable. The spa was luxurious and my pedicure was amazing. Breakfast was delicious, and the host even remembered us each day and had a warm croissant ready for me each morning. 
Over all, so perfect.The wife and I stayed here last week. 
What a great hotel. 
The staff is amazing and so so so gracious and personable. We stayed on the club level and the food in the lounge was the best. They also have an incredible little coffee bar in the lobby and Vincent is not only a great guy but a wonderful barista. ( and they serve illy !!! SWEET!!)
Davenport lounge is a hotspot , great live music and drinks in a refined but still very fun way. 
Check-in and out was easy and fast and the service is a big winner here. 
This is our go-to hotel in NOLA from now on!Fantastic! Very friendly staff as is in the South! Ritz met all expectations! Beautiful spa, lounge, rooms, courtyards, and on and on! Perfect Location! Short walk to bourbon St. Short cab ride to the casino. Check out Jeremy Davenport and his band play live in the lounge! So classic! Wonderful!You can't find a better location. The hotel is very elegant, service is amazing the staff is literally polished, but you expect that of Ritz Carlton. I actually got few minutes to stop at the gym and it was perfect too along with a spa. Few people complain about the lobby being located on the third floor, have to admit I did get lost few times, but there was always someone from the staff. 
There always few little things that you find a nice touch - "joggers welcome" with water and towels @ the entrance in the morning did the trick for me. 
I also found the garden exceptionally beautiful, especially when it was decorated for an event. Little paradise.The first impression was poor....  the staff was not rude by any means, how ever they were not the five star service I expected. Our waiter was very informative & pleasant though!Oh, by far the best! If you're willing to spend the money, it is well worth the extra change. The staff is so nice and attentive and everything is so clean and refreshing. That awesome smell of Gardenia, which circulates throughout the lobby, is found at the gift store right by the front desk. The Davenport Lounge is also a great little gem to check out. You will experience such a treat if you can catch Jeremy Davenport nightly a few days a week. VERY Convenient to everything downtown and the streetcar line. The only place to stay when visiting New Orleans!I recently attended a conference at The Ritz. Very Pleasant hotel. Beautiful rooms, conference rooms, and overall event space was just pretty. Great  service, helpful staff giving direction with a smile.  Yumyy conference food definitely made my week!
The Spa.... I think I had the best massage ever there. I'm usually tense and no masseuse ever completely gets me relaxed... but at The Ritz the masseuse did something amazing and had me feeling great for days. Pricey but I must say worth it.Best beingets in the city if New Orleans!!! The staff is awe inspiring, warm courteous and truly treated every guest as royalty.  Jeremy Davenport's performance filled the lounge with the city's elite and created a wonderful ambience.  People were dancing laughing and enjoying some tasty cocktails.  Can't wait to come back.The service at the Ritz-Carlton is always top notched. From my pre-reservation email from Ciara to my escorted arrival with JJ. Everyone is genuinely nice. You don't feel like they are putting in extra effort because that's who they are as people. Just amazing. My check-in was smooth. Alison was an absolute sweetheart and I loved her energy. Seriously great people working here. 
I love the Southern charm. The hotel is gorgeous. Our hotel room was stunning. We were there Mardi Gras weekend and you could not hear any noise from the outside. The room did feel more like Marriott with the bathtub shower combo, but not a big deal. I was surprised that my pre-requests were not in our room such as a shaving kit and toothbrush. I was also a little surprised that our soap was being thrown away each day especially when we were there for 4 days. The Ritz wads able to accommodate our early check-in, which was absolutely great!
We did have issues with our shower. We didn't have any hot water, but this was resolved. I was a little surprised with the lack of urgency when I called about our shower. I had to call a couple of times to request the ETA. The engineering department, Paula and Kenny, were great. The shower ended up flooding our bathroom, but Paula was kind enough to pay for an amazing breakfast at the lounge downstairs. 
By the time we were done with breakfast, which included mimosas, our shower was fixed and we were ready to hit the parade scene. 
This hotel is located on Canal Street, only 1 block from Bourbon Street. Also, great location since the parades come through Canal Street.
I would definitely come back here.Great location, service and awesome gym and spa. Rooms were typical Ritz decor and bed is very comfortable. Great stay.I am not sure why the high ratings. I stay in hotels for a living, 200+ nights a year. This one was disappointing and when you add in the high cost for most people not traveling with a corporate rate - holy crap. It would get one star if I paid the advertised rate.
The good: It has internet tv, the wifi isn't bad, nice coffee machine.
The bad: The room itself is just another hotel room. Nothing special. For the price, I'd expect nicer settings. The shower would not get warm. At all. There are no USB outlets or even power outlets conveniently located near the bed (Ritz, you can stay at motel 6's that have figured this out by now. I expect much better). Temperature control is completely inaccurate. 
The hotel can't do much about the noise outside, that's just NOLA, but they have doors that slam when left to close on their own. I haven't stayed at a hotel that hasn't upgraded to more quiet closing doors in years. And given that it's NOLA, people are returning to their rooms at all sorts of hours so you get slams all night long that will shake your room and wake you up.
You expect something special when you stay at a Ritz, but I couldn't tell the difference between this and a mid-scale hotel like courtyards and hamptons. At least both of them have nice usb/power outlets and warm showers. If I had paid the advertised rate, I'd be demanding a partial refund. Especially for the ice cold shower I had to take.Everything you expect from a Ritz-Carlton.
Fantastic service, gorgeous well-appointed rooms with acres of space, top notch bar/lounge (perhaps one of the best 'upscale' jazz lounges in the city) and an amazing location on Canal juuuuust far enough from Bourbon (2-3 blocks) to avoid excess drunken foot traffic.
And surprisingly affordable considering the cost of run-down rooms along bourbon and dauphine.Great great great location, but i think that is about all you are paying for. The rooms are fairly small and there is nothing that screams the Ritz. It is no more spectacular then a marriot courtyard. The elevators are fast and the staff will great you. They have a beautiful  courtyard so don't be surprise to see a wedding or special event. Overall just another hotel, but in New Orleans who really comes to sleep.I'm not sure I'll ever stay at another chain hotel again other than The Ritz. I was quite impressed with everything from valet to the housekeeping. The hotel itself was gorgeous and clean. I absolutely loved the gardenia candles they had burning throughout the hotel. 
The amenities were superb from the fitness area to the outdoor patio/garden to the spa. The one complaint I have is that they don't have a rooftop pool. How do you not have a pool?! I was told we could go use the Marriott's pool (3 blocks away), but that takes away the convenience. 
The breakfast included with our room was delicious. They didn't really change it up from day to day, but you can't go wrong with fresh fruit, grits, fresh made omelets, pancakes, bacon and more! 
I eagerly await my next Ritz visit!Location and Service can't be beat!!  Close enough to walk to all the action, but just far enough away (2 blocks) to allow yourself to feel rested.  The architecture and interior design is of the highest quality and the service is very efficient without being in your face.  Stay in Club Level if you can swing it...takes everthing to a whole new level and gives you access to amazing free drinks and food almost all day.The Ritz is an oasis in the French Quarter. As soon as you step into the hotel, you feel a wave of relaxation wash over you... any stress is left at the door. As expected, the room, lobby, lounge, etc were lovely. I especially liked the courtyard, which was the perfect place to unwind after a busy day of sight-seeing. The design and decor of the hotel were impressive. You can tell that every detail was thoughtfully executed.  The service, for the most part, was also very good.Fabulous hotel! Service stands out, as does the awesome rooms with the signature Ritz feel. I always feel right at home and ultra luxurious when at the Ritz. My favorite hotel in the city so far and I'd love to stay here again. As a side note, the hotel always smells SO good! I don't know how they get it to smell so good, or what the smell is, but I want to bottle it up and take it home!This was a great place to stay for a conference. The rooms are big and really comfortable and quiet. Staff were quick on their feet. Courtyard bar was very nice to have drink. A little windy maybe. Will be back.Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous property. Decadent and luxurious without being gaudy and tacky, which is a difficult thing to acheive in interior design.  Jeremy davenport is great entertainment in the increibly ornate yet not over the top lounge. 
The patio at night is beautiful too. Really romantic as it is all lit up with greenery and a fountain. It's perfect too because music from Jeremy drifts onto the patio without being too loud. Great date spot. 
The rooms themselves are of course incredibly nice. The beds are more comfortable than my own. Bathroom is nicely sized unlike many other hotels. I just wish the water pressure was greater but that is kind of a NO wide problem. 
I also love how while walking on Iberville, the garage area for the Ritz smells so good. The only place in the quarter that does. However, while in the hotel the good smell is not overwhelming. 
The only complaint is that after a night of hard drinking, and who doesn't do that while in NO?, getting to your room can be a challenge. The hallways curve and cut and turn a lot. Makes for a lot of drunken stumbling!I have stayed at a many Ritz-Carlton properties throughout the US and the New Orleans one is the worst by far. I stayed in a "Deluxe King" for $400+ night and the room was in poor shape (room 1224) with carpet that looks like it has not been shampooed in a long time, bathroom had nasty stains (see pics), sink had what looked to be food stains or something and lots of chips in it.  There was nothing about the room that made it feel like a "deluxe" room. I can not imagine what their standard King rooms are like if this is their "deluxe" accommodations. 
I have always believed Ritz had a high standard but the New Orleans Ritz is an exception for sure. 
The service here was also sub-par at best. For example, when we checked in we gave our luggage to the bellman ("JJ)" to have it delivered to our room while we checked in. After checking in and heading up to see our not so deluxe "Deluxe King" room, we waited for 10 min and still no luggage. So we called down and asked them to bring our luggage up. I figure maybe I was supposed to request it as opposed to them bringing it up automatically like they do at all the other properties and any upscale hotel brands (Four Seasons, Intercontinental, etc). So we waited another 15 min and still nothing. So I went downstairs to find out what happened to our luggage and found them in the middle of the lobby - with no one around doing anything with it. I ended up bringing the luggage up myself as two women at the front desk watched me retrieve them myself and they did not ask or say a word about it. Nothing. 
This was my experience at the Ritz-Carlton in New Orleans. Next time I am in New Orleans I will not stay at one of our favorite hotel brands because it does not meet the expectation that we appreciate about the Ritz-Carlton brand. There are other nice hotels in New Orleans to stay, or at a minimum get a similar poor quality "Deluxe King" hotel for less $$. 
If you are looking to get a Ritz-Carlton brand experience this is not the Ritz I would stay in.Just finished a 3 day stay at this wonderful hotel. Clean, classic, and centrally located. Amazing staff and service! Thank you.In the Club, on the fourth floor, life is perfect. Nothing could be improved. Well, maybe it could be less expensive, but that's about it. The staff all seemed to have been lifted from an alternative universe where everyone is friendly, polite, exceedingly helpful and .... well, just nice. The food was fresh, delicious, plentiful and ever-changing and the almost unlimited wine and cocktails were excellent.Was there this week for the Sugar Bowl.  I walked away after spending 3 nights there thinking:  Eh...it's okay.
The pros:  It's 2 blocks from Bourbon Street so convenient.  The lobby decor is, indeed, grand and what you'd expect from a Ritz Carlton property.  The spa and fitness facility are nice.  The staff, overall, is nice and helpful.
The cons:  
1)  The perpetual housekeeping.  (I'm convinced they have a graveyard shift for housekeeping.) Cleaning carts in hallways all through the day -- and evening.  Our rooms weren't cleaned until the mid-afternoon. We eventually had to call.
2)  Unreliable check in time.  Check-in is 4:00 -- however, they didn't have our room ready by then.  Had we not inquired about the status after some time, we probably would have been at the Ritz bar until midnight.  After reading other reviews, it looks like ours is not an isolated incident.  (I understand that we arrived on new year's day and of the demands of cleaning rooms from partygoers.  However, one would presume that this was not their first New Year and the hotel would plan accordingly.)  
3)  Rooms.  I agree with some of the reviewers about the state of the rooms.  For $800/night, one would expect that dresser drawers would be in good working order.  (On ours, the slide completely broke off rendering it unusable and unsightly.)  
4)  Manager.  There was an issue with our room.  Since the front desk clerk couldn't really help, we had to talk to the manager.  (If you ever saw, "Little Miss Sunshine," imagine the apathetic hospital administrator.  That's her.)  She was terse and had this, "Just 'effing deal with it" attitude.  (Um, this IS the Ritz and not Motel 6, right?)
Thank God for Bourbon Street.  Not sure I'd return to this Ritz.Ok I have to admit I didn't stay here but I remember the ritz having really good beignets after eating them here years ago and wanted to stop by again when I was there for the festival last week. You get caramel sauce,chocolate sauce and fresh raspberries. BEST beignets in town.the service and ambiance was also great!Customer service and ambiance make this a 4 star hotel. The small details are done with care, and there are no corners cut to make your stay comfortable. The beds are incredibly soft and comfy, the rooms are OK, a little downgrade from the JW marriott down the block. Overall though, a great experience.I have been treated very rudely here, unfortunately. I tried getting a drink at the hotel bar, the bartenders did their very best to ignore me, and when I tried to wave to them I was told off by security. The manager then told me that I would just have to wait - I had waited for 20 min at that point. They were rude and unhelpful. I had thought a Ritz Carlton would be better that a Motel 6, but nope, not this one. Unacceptable customer service. Just rude! Why would I pay this amount of money to be treated like a nuisance?We went to brunch at the New Orleans Ritz, not Sunday, but special occasion for Christmas day. Having the Key Biscayne Ritz in the top 5 of my favorite places to splurge, I was VERY impressed with this place. The dining room is a little interst5ing, particularly for me being an architect. I would like to see if he little nooks are always part of the setup or were simply added in anticipation of a larger crowd for this day. The main room has a spectacular stained glass feature that is worth a treat in and of itself.
We were seated on the edge of the main dining room in close proximity to the seafood and sushi section. The buffet spread through numerous rooms and even the hallways offered self serve treats (mostly little canapés displayed in the built in shelves. I particularly like the display of shrimp and crawfish ice status jackpots; very creative!
The atmosphere was enhanced by a trio playing live music with a New Orleans twist and entertainment for the kids (...I guess so that the adults could have an extra mimosa, or two...). The service was la little slow and they did mix up our bill at the end...but management made up for this a special serving of beignets (not found on the buffet)...not that there was any place to put them.
I was very impressed with the overall ambiance and presentation as well as creation of the cuisine and will most likely stay at this place next time I come to town (hope that they have some good specials...) and must strongly recommend the Sunday BrunchThe staff at the Ritz Carlton really made my day,all five days that my group of girls and I stayed there.  I'm looking at you, Jillian, Bubba, Jamie!  Friendly, professional, and fun!  They made it a nice place to come "home" to after long nights of debauchery on Bourbon.
Food was good but not spectacular, exceptions being the gumbo and eggs benedict...but the Mojitos...best I have ever had.  Courtyard is so beautiful I wouldn't mind having it at my
I'm headed back to Nola in a few weeks, wouldn't dream of staying anywhere else.  
Staff be warned...heheI love this hotel so much, I've been fortunate enough to stay four times over the past two years. The staff is amazing and the hotel is so beautiful. Upgrade to the club lounge, you'll be thrilled you did.My husband and I just spent the weekend here for a retreat he was attending.  The Ritz embodies everything you would think it does, with mindful accommodations and small touches that exceed expectations.  
Case in point:  the small cart making bite size strawberry shortcakes made with fresh Ponchatoula strawberries by the Executive Chef, with a complimentary Abita Strawberry Ale.
Our only complaint is that to get to the rooms, you must take two elevators and it is cumbersome.
The shining star of this hotel, though is Rudy Rassmussen, the concierge.  He made the impossible happen, and it made our trip!Having stayed at the JW Marriott (basically across Canal Street), the Ritz is a whole other world.  Beautiful ebtrance downstairs, with the main lobby on the third floor, really makes you feel like you are in a private place.  Admittedly, the first time we stayed here I was a bit unsure, but we just stayed again and both my wife and I agreed that this was a little piece of heaven in NOLA.  Both nights we went down for a late drink in the bar and the place was packed, but with locals not a bunch of tourists from NJ! :)  Had an excellent meal ordering off the restaurant menu and the martini's were only $10.  Coming from NY, where a martini in a nice hotel is over $15, this was a breath of fresh air.
My family wants to try the W next time, but that will wait until they are paying for the $400 per night room.  When I pay, this is the place we will be staying.  Already looking forward to the next time.  Great staff too!Bumping up a star because I was just here again for a work meeting and had a great experience.
The room itself this time was not nearly as nice; I was on the 4th floor and the view out my window was the wall of another building (though I was spoiled the first time by having a 12th floor corner room overlooking the river).  The room was smaller as well, though it was a better 'functioning' room (no issues with stains or not working remotes.  I'm not a fan of the thermostat being right by the heating and cooling vents, though, as the sensor on the thermostat would 'read' that the room was cooled down too soon, because the cold air was blowing right on it.  So it was a bit hard to regulate the temperature.
The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful.  Special shout out to the banquet/catering guy, Tom, who was staffing our group's meeting and discovered it was my birthday, so he brought in a cake for me and had everyone sing.  It was a nice little touch, and definitely above and beyond.
One negative, though this is about the conference space and not necessarily the hotel: the conference rooms on the first floor are completely open to the public.  Our group's room was right across from the bathrooms, and at one point there were some Mardi Gras/Carinvale 'revelers' that had wandered in and were creating a bit of a ruckus.  That wasn't too bad, but considering our meeting room was across the hall and had a lot of expensive laptops and tablets, it made us a bit nervous.  (We had to eat meals in a room around he corner, so when we were eating our meeting room was unattended).Pros: excellent customer service, spacious club rooms with over large soaking tubs, top of the line amenities, four food presentations daily, complimentary beverages (including the coolest automatic espresso machine I've seen). 
Cons: currently undergoing renovation in the side lobby (the best exit for club level guests), have to pay for wi-fi.
My mother and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton New Orleans this past month, and while this is just one of many stays at this property, I felt it was time to review what the Ritz NOLA has to offer. First, it is in a great location in downtown NOLA. I was brought up here, so I know my way around quite well, but for the first time tourist the Ritz is centrally located to easily access the Red or Green streetcars, a  five/ten minute walk to the River Front shops, and the more famous streets off of Canal. Check in is easy and convenient - the valet take excellent care of your car and the bellmen are VERY attentive with your bags! I'm not sure why this is, but the last few times we've stayed on the property they have put us in the handicapped room on the club level - even though we always request not to have this room (it has a standard tub). However, the staff immediately fix the problem and change our room without any hassle at all. The room is nicely appointed, the bed is super comfy, and the views are OK. The real perk of the club level - the bathroom. The soaking tub is so large I can't touch the other side and so deep it might as well be a hot tub. The best I have seen in ANY hotel - and I have traveled to quite a few! There is also an extra large vanity and a separate shower for those strange few that don't understand the awesomeness of the extra large tub. 
Another huge love of the hotel is the club level. The food presentations are great and varied, there isn't a drink I can't get, and snacks are ALWAYS out. But there are other hotels in the city that do this - so what makes this one so appealing? The staff BY FAR. They remember your name, what you like and don't like, and if you are fairly regular like us, the last conversations you had. These are some of the friendliest and hardest working people I've seen in a hotel. We asked for reservations to GW Fins and even though they didn't have anything available for us the staff refused to give up until we had a table at the time we wanted. 
The take away - if you want to be taken care of in a comfortable and a little posh environment where you feel like you are home with people who care about you, then this is your place. The Ritz represents NOLA well - class, character, love, friendliness, good food, and a little quirky.I had a fabulous stay here and would LOVE to go back.  For me, it's all about the little details, from the fabulous scent of the lobby (not sure if it was the flowers or candles or what, but it was amazing) to staff members all knowing our names, but everything was spot-on.  My fiance' and I visited the spa for massages, which were fabulous.  The women's locker room was great- very spacious and fully stocked with soaps, shampoos, and any haircare products anyone might need, as well as hair dryers.  I loved the lounge area and could have spent quite a while in there reading magazines, but didn't have time to spare to do so.  Apparently the men's locker room was just as nice but totally different.  The staff in all areas of the hotel were incredibly friendly and helpful.  I look forward to another stay sometime in the future.A little pricey but you may be able to get a better deal if you call the hotel directly. I paid $149 per night and it was a great deal. The bed was SO great, the furnishings were VERY nice, and the staff was very helpful. The location is top notch and much quieter than staying deeper in the French Quarter. I think I was in the elevator with Mick Jagger - or some other old guy with long hair - I'm not real sure. I would stay here again in a minute.This is a beautiful hotel with an excellent staff.  We had a great stay and all of our needs were met.  However, this hotel did have a few issues.
The two elevator system, one to the lobby on the third floor and the other to get to the rooms above the third floor was a bit of a hassle.  I realize that this probably adds to the security of the hotel but it is a bet tedious.
The noise level from the adjoining room to us was loud and the people next door were not making that much noise.  Even just conversation came through the door loud enough that I was awakened.
I think that $48 per day for storing my car in their garage, untouched, is crazy.  I also think that, if you pay room service $22 plus tip for 4 cups of coffee and two orange juices, you should actually get 4 cups of coffee instead of 2.
Loved the chocolate!Currently staying at the ritz. We blocked off several rooms for my sisters wedding. I arrived at 10am, my room was ready at 6pm. They charged our guests full price for rooms which we had already paid for. They also did not clean the bridal suite, however housekeeping insisted on cleaning my room twice a day (7:30 am!!!!!!!) and again when I was trying to get dressed. I had to change in the bathroom. Definitely not worth the hype.  The Iberville next door had a nice continental breakfast, and the rooms were equally as nice. I would recommend staying there over the Ritz. The ice machines were also not working on our floor. We also chose to take bridal portraits at the hotel, and they would not assist us with this at all. We were on the patio and drunk men who were smoking kept getting in the way of the photographer.Stayed here for business conference had a great time the Davenport lounge the ritz is still close to bourbon street if that's your cup of tea can't beat the hospitality of the Ritz CarltonStayed for a conference with my wife. The room was great and clean every day. Hotel staff was very nice. Price for Internet access was stupid high. In addition, I had to print out 4 sheets in the business center and it cost me $22 including "access time". REALLY?
Location was great. Close to Bourbon Street and the trollies. I would stay again just not computer![Update 2008]  The Library is a private cigar club now but you can purchase a day pass.
This hotel is probably my favorite in New Orleans.  It is elegant but not too gawdy.  The rooms a very nice and they have a huge day spa too.
The library lounge was my favorite place to hang out and relax and it opens up to the beautiful courtyard. [see photos]I stay at Marriott frequently, Platinum status. I was excited about staying at a Ritz.
It was a big  a disappointment. 
Is the Ritz worth it?  No.  A Marriott is as good or better . 
Any Platinum benefit? None. Go to the Marriott.
Bathroom sink and shower separate so two people can get ready at the same time ? Nope
Counter space in bathroom?  None 
Nice bed?  Comparable to a courtyard. 
Plug for your cell phone ? Nope
Fancy lobby? YepNice hotel, but the rooms are a bit dated. It's the same as it was over a decade ago. The cleaners seem to enjoy ignoring do not disturb signs too which is not great. This isn't typical Ritz.I've never stayed at the Ritz before. It's pretty swanky though. What's been unique about our experience was that we upgraded ourselves to the club house and I'm glad we did. We have a larger room, free drinks, a super nice breakfast scene, fresh snacks are always out and they always have people around ready to make reservations for us or do whatever is needed. (Including dry cleaning) 
A special shoutout to Tim and Blaine for making us feel comfortable and welcome amongst all the big timers. 
Cheers to you guys. We will be back. Keep the Sazaracs coming.I didn't stay here but I did have brunch here during Mardi Gras 2018. They have a great buffet and brunch menu for guests staying or visiting. The staff was super sweet and accommodating. And the food was good as well! Definitely order the beignets!
Also, I had mentioned to the waitress that it was my bday weekend...and she brought me a gift. So sweet! Just a great experience all around!Huge and labryinthine, the swanky Ritz is somewhat difficult to navigate.  See the earlier reviews for more details.
-2 stars for:
the crappy Internet service.  If I'm paying $13, I should at least get decent DSL speeds.  300Kbps is soooo 1998.  If I can get 10Mbps for FREEEEE at a Holiday Inn on the Westbank, I should at least get something comparable when paying at a 5 star luxury hotel.
the ridiculously expensive valet parking.  $40?  Honky, please.
Granted, the valets were super friendly and helpful and more importantly, super fast.  None of the 30 minute wait bullshit that I've been getting at the Crowne Plaza.
+1 Star:
 for the insanely comfortable bed.  Seriously, the best. bed. ever.  It's like sleeping in a 400 thread count marshmallow.
the awesome soap.  Bvlgari soap.  I smell like a big bucket 'o awesome.Super nice staff and very beautiful property. It's a little more run down then other RC properties I've seen. Overall a very very nice stay.Wow, unbelievably friendly people, very few nickel and dime charges, and super helpful. Nice decor, everything was very posh.The best hotel experience ever..we have been coming to NOLA for 30 years, but this is our first experience at the Ritz Carlton...game changer, I won't ever stay anywhere else. 
The Club Level is fabulousThe Ritz Carlton is elegant and has class!! It's December and the hotel is beautifully decorated with holiday cheer!!! The staff is friendly and helpful! The hotel location is on canal st. it can't be beat!  Everything is within walking distance. If you want to take a taxi they are there too...I also would like to recommend to stay on the club level. The club level comes with a club concierge to answer all your questions,along with food and drinks served all day.  I would stay here a gain!!! I'll be back!!! Thank you Nick Alexander for your exceptional service!!Went with my husband for his medical conference in New Orleans and stayed at the Ritz; it was AMAZING!! I felt like a VIP every time I walked in or out of the front door, every time we went to get the car, or just walking through the lobby. There was always someone smiling and asking what they could do for us! I loved coming back to the beautiful room with comfortable bed, and it was soooooo clean, which is very important for me. I would stay here again in a heartbeat! Thank you Ritz staff for making my husband and me feel pampered and well taken care of!I went to New Orleans with a couple friends for two weeks and the four of us stayed in an amazing, massive suite on the fourteenth floor. It was one of the best hotel rooms that I have ever stayed in. The beds were comfortable and soft and the room was very clean and nicely decorated (it was mostly white with plum colored blankets at the foot of the bed). The concierge was a lifesaver since we had little experience traveling in New Orleans and we really enjoyed the restaurant and bar. The location could not be better. You can walk anywhere since it's right in the heart of the city. One of my only complaints was that there was a huge square pole in the middle of the suite right next to my bed and when I got up in the middle of the night I ran into it and woke everyone up. However, since that is a personal experience that probably wouldn't happen to anyone else, I still give the place five stars since I had an amazing time.What an amazing display of 'southern hospitality'. This hotel continued to surprise me every minute I was there. First, the house car was sent to pick us up, no taxi for us! Upon arrival, Ben was warm, friendly, and accommodating. We asked him what 2 gals should do on a Sunday night, he went and asked some employees who were locals for suggestions. While he was asking, we were treated to free champagne cocktails in the lounge. Upon his return, armed with suggestions, he offered more champagne. Only this time it was a whole bottle! What a perfect note to start out our New Orleans vacation!
Throughout the week, any and all staff members we came across from the maid to the manager, greeted us with smiles and waves. When cream cheese was missing off our room service tray, the breakfast was free. When there was only one robe in the room, another was brought promptly. 
The rooms were comfy and clean. The room service was yummy and fair priced. The hotel also has a life sized gingerbread room! Being that it was Christmas time, there was nothing better than walking up to you room and grabbing a handful of gumdrops on your way! Truly spectacular.
This was by far the best service I have ever received at a hotel. Period. If you are going to New Orleans, please stay here, you wont regret it.I was just in New Orleans on a business trip and loved staying at the Ritz! The staff is extremely accommodating. I had giant boxes that I needed to bring up to my room and ship out some contents, and the bellman was at my service almost instantaneously. Awesome service, people, and very beautiful hotel!I called this hotel home for more than a week during Mardi Gras. Needless to say, the phrase "Be a tourist in your own town" has a new meaning when staying here.  I did not want to leave.  Why do you ask?   Was the room over the top?  Not really. The room was very nice, but it was not the best room in the city. However, the SERVICE was second to none. This exceeded my expectation. I was very impressed with the level of service and professionalism. The pricing was also competitive given the time of year. When you consider the time of year (Mardi Gras), it is quite the compliment. Even with a large number of guests and activity in the hotel, the staff made it a point to personalize every request or offering. 
From the moment I checked in, until the time of departure, I was always greeted with a smile, a kind word and a can do attitude. This was exhibited by every staff member I encountered at the hotel. 
........The room decor is better at The Roosevelt, but The Ritz can hold its own because the service of the bell staff, valet staff and front desk at The Roosevelt could not hold a candle to these guys. ....When spending this type of money for a pillow, you deserve over the top service and "The Ritz" delivered.
AMENITIES:
Rooms: 4.5 stars  * nice decor and spacious 
Room Service: 5 stars (quick and return service for cleanup is a plus) * recommend the seafood pasta. 
Dining:   5 stars 
Housekeeping: 5 stars * all amenties were replenished daily 
Turn down service: 4 stars * no music
Bell Staff:  5 stars  * Corey was a rockstar 
Location: 5 stars   *On Canal - One block from Bourbon 
Parking/Valet: 4 stars  *Valet takes a while but pricing is only slightly higher than parking at the Courtyard. 
Lobby:   4 stars * lots of sitting areas, including an outdoor courtyard. 
Davenport Lounge:   5 starsI feel very honored to have the opportunity to stay here with my dad. They recognize Marriott and SPG status and upgrades is to an executive suite. The room was very comfy and the staff was accommodating. The reason for the loss of a star was actually for Valet. After calling down it took them another twenty minutes to get the car when the night before we were ensured that if we called and came down 10 minutes later it would be ready. All in all they do a great job with statuses and give all kinds of discounts to those that are platinum or gold. I will definitely be back here as I really enjoyed it. Valet is expensive at $46 a night.Stayed for a conference with my wife. The room was great and clean every day. Hotel staff was very nice. Price for Internet access was stupid high. In addition, I had to print out 4 sheets in the business center and it cost me $22 including "access time". REALLY?
Location was great. Close to Bourbon Street and the trollies. I would stay again just not computer!What can I say, I had a special event here and the staff was AMAZING.  My crowd out grew our original space and after they had filled the room with chairs (they just kept moving them in every time someone new would come) they finally moved us to a great large room.  No additional charge.  Just great service.  For only a $200 facility rental fee, I was treated like a princess which I can certainly appreciate.  I didn't have to do anything but show up and point where I wanted things to be.They piped floral scents into the lobby and elevator. The hotel bar is so great that you are tempted to stay inside. The spa is amazing. The gardens, fortress like setup, and luxe furnishings both inside your room and in public areas, as well as the great views, and wonderful staff all made our stay. And if you are hurting in the morning, they have a full coffee bar set up in the lobby, where you can get espresso and other drinks along with some basics.Staff is AMAZING!!!  We are here in Mid-late July...PLEASE make the A/C work better!!!  We are struggling here trying to sleep!!!  Otherwise...everything is super nice.The Ritz, is the Ritz.
Hit up the bar to kill time after a bachelor party weekend when I had booked an inordinately late plane.  Byron the bartender made some great drinks brought some great food and made me comfortable as I waited .This was my first visit to New Orleans.  This hotel was under some renovations during my stay.  The construction did not interrupt my stay at all.  The staff here was amazing.  Very courteous and helpful.  The location is great for any type of tourists destination you may want to visit.  A cheap taxi ride to anywhere.  The hotel bar had the best bartender I've met.  Go see Willie and he will make you anything.  The rooms are very clean and beds comfortable.Great location and service. And probably the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in at a hotel!We stayed here for a conference and received mediocre service. Our room service had something missing every time we ordered. They forgot to replinish  kleenex and as 2 ladies, they gave us 2 towels after cleaning our room. They are friendly but 5-Star service is not well known here.Pro:
- Location. A brief walk from the action.
- Elevator access was fast.
- Doormen were friendly. 
- The rest of the lobby area/seating had the classy Ritz ambience. 
Con: 
- Paper thin walls and the gap below the front door was too big. I think we stayed next to a suite and their kids sounded like they were in our room. So loud. 
- The top of the toilet seat was not clean, if you know what I mean. That grossed me out and made me question other things in the room. They sent someone promptly to clean it.Came later to listen to jazz music in the lounge -- the service was not ritz carlton's usual -- came in with a large group and had to get up to get our server each time we wanted another round. Definitely a cool spot with two rooms one is very lively and energetic in the front-- as you go further back you can have the best of both words in an intimate environment -- still connected but more low key.Entertained clients and really enjoyed the ambiance and class.The service was inconsistent throughout our stay. The club lounge provided great service to us. Everyone was personable and helpful up there. When we arrived to the hotel no one was there to valet the car. There also wasn't a bellman. We arrived at 1:30 am so we would have understood to wait for our bags to be brought up but we waited 20 minutes and no one was available so my husband had to do it himself. We couldn't wait because we were exhausted. We then ordered room service and our order was incorrect. Our first night at this hotel was terrible. We talked to someone at the front desk about our night and they didn't do anything about it. This kind of service is unacceptable from a 5 star hotel. I highly doubt we will be returning.Beautiful hotel, excellent service and accommodations. You must consider this hotel when staying in the NOLA area.WOW what can I say..... We went to New Orleans for a last minute NYE 2011 Trip we planned the day before we arrived and the only close hotel was this... The staff is amazing... The place is amazing.... But what can I say but we had a blast out there its so close to Bourbon St that made it so convient for us....I don't know how anyone can give this hotel less than 5 stars.  The hotel is beautiful, service is excellent, and the food is delicious.  Order the beignets for breakfast and you are surely going to give it 5 stars.If this place had a better bar set-up for guests, it would be a 5* hotel.  Located in the midst of "The Garden," you'll find some of Nola's finest French/Seafood cuisines, bars and restaurants.  Just an all around great place and location to the action.We've stayed here twice and both times were an awesome experience.  I mean, it's the Ritz Carlton so of course it's fancy and huge.  The bedrooms are nicely decorated but not over the top and the courtyard is so nice because you can sit on the couches in there and listen to all of the sounds of Nee Orleans at night.  It's great because you can enjoy being in New Orleans without having to be out outside of the hotel at night.My husband and I stayed here for a weekend for my cousins wedding. The room was beautiful and comfortable. The amenities they provided were especially nice- a razor and shaving cream, comb, shoe shine kit, etc. The service was fantastic for the most part. The front desk, bars, doormen and spa were all outstanding. Our only issue was with housekeeping. We requested service twice before they came to us, and it took quite a while. Overall this was a very enjoyable stay and we feel relaxed and happy going home!I didn't really stay here it was more like I LIVED HERE. I was doing a project in New Orleans a few years back & I needed to be housed for about 2 months at this place. "At this place" isn't correct - it's THE RITZ after all. 
This review is more like a thank you for all the wonderful staff who catered to my stay. Y'all were very accommodating, it was a home away from home. You truly lived up to the ritz impeccable reputation. 
Also - the room service food was superb. Your gumbo is at par to the ones prepared by the best chefs of New Orleans. 
Keep up the great work!This Ritz is one of the best! We had an incredible time here in New Orleans, largely in part to the customer service of the staff. Ahmeena at the front desk was so accommodating and professional. We really felt at home when she greeted us! Once we were settled, Terrence in the club level went above and beyond in every possible way. Our trip here was so memorable because the staff were so lovely. The rooms are incredible and every need met. We were so grateful for everything and will definitely come back.We did the fancy English Tea here.  My fiancée made me go w/ her.  This was the first 'tea' experience for me and I really enjoyed myself.
The pastries were exquisite and get this.. it's all you can drink champagne!  I definitely got my money's worth.  He, hee.  
Requires 24 hour reservation.  Try it, I guarantee you'll like it.  :-)What a beautiful hotel! We are in the maison Orleans club access room...it's very beautiful...canopy bed, beautiful tub, and a Very comfortable mattress and pillows! not much of a view as other people have said. I will recommend upgrading to the club room access. Top shelf booze, hot snack food for breakfast, lunch, dinner and desert till 10pm...quick snacks, chips, cookies, water, beer etc after 10pm.Terrible service at this hotel.  When I checked in, they put me in a room that was already occupied and I walked into a room where a couple was drinking wine.  They were terrified as was I.  Then they put me in another room and someone from the hotel knocked on my door at 10 pm waking me up.  What they wanted at 10 pm, I have no clue.  The next night I ordered room service and they called me at 9 pm to tell me that I had no credit card on file and they needed one (which hotels always take a credit card when you check in so not sure why they "didn't have it").  All in all I've stayed at a lot of Ritz Carltons and will never come back to this one.This particular Ritz is a standout for its phenomenal service and staff. The staff without exception went above and beyond to meet our every need. It was my mother's birthday, and after finding out some of the staff actually got her a very thoughtful and elegant gift and had it sent up to our room.
We stayed on the club level, and the almost 24 hour access to fine food, h'ors d'oeuvres, and wine and champagne was a wonderful perk. My only complaint is that the club level is supposed to be business meeting-free, yet the staff did not put a stop to several loud and rather obnoxiously obvious business conferences, which kind of ruined the ambiance.
The rooms are beautiful and newly renovated. Lovely hardwood floors and a fine selection of interesting books in each room makes it feel more like you are staying in a very elegant guest room in someone's mansion, rather than at a chain hotel. Lots of very classic and understated character.
But again, the standout is really the staff. A lot of classic New Orleans characters--friendly and always willing to share and hear stories--but willing to go above and beyond to provide a first class experience for their guests, to a man (and woman).The New Orlean's Ritz is a really great example of the "you get what you pay for" saying. I don't think I've slept better in any other hotel chain. Oh and the neighbors? What neighbors? I never knew anyone else existed because the walls must be so thick. I only mention this because I read a few reviews from other high-end hotel chains and noticed this was an issue for some guests.
In addition to the fantastic service and amenities, you are literally less than 2 full blocks away from Bourbon street and walking distance to all of the restaurants, shops, and sites within the French Quarter. This was my first time visiting Nola, and I couldn't have stayed in a better hotel. It doesn't have the most grand architecture for a Ritz exterior-wise, but the interior designers did an amazing job to mirror the 18th Century French Neoclassical era. I literally spent a good 20 minutes just walking around the entire hotel as if it was an art museum--the vintage and antique furniture as well as the paintings are absolutely stunning and worth a moment's notice (art nerd speaking).
The two major hotspots in the hotel (in my opinion) are the Davenport Lounge & the Courtyard. The jazz musician himself, Jeremy Davenport, performs live W & Th starting at 5:30 PM and also F & Sa evenings starting at 9 PM. It gets really crowded, so you're better off arriving early if you want a good seat as visitors and locals outside the hotel come by to enjoy lite bites and drinks along with great music. If you're lucky, you'll witness a few couples showing off their jazzy moves. The Courtyard is gorgeous, and I highly recommend sitting here whether you're reading or enjoying breakfast. Once you sit, a server will attend to you immediately, but no pressure if you just want to enjoy the ambiance.Hello New Orleans!  When our family of five booked a trip to the Big Easy, we decided to go luxe with two rooms at the Ritz.  The rates were bargainous for a Ritz, and the place was elegant and lovely.  The location is excellent, walking distance from most of the places we ended up visiting.  The hotel isn't brand-spanking-new, but I rather liked the old-fashioned feel.  Decor is classic and luxurious in a charming old-lady sort of way - paintings in ornate frames boasting their own canopies, extension cords covered coyly in fabric, opulent armchairs.  The rooms are spacious and the beds clean, comfy, and welcoming.  At our request, the gracious lady at the registration desk put our family in two adjoining rooms.  The concierge was also extremely helpful throughout our trip.  My only complaint is that overnight parking and wireless internet were a bit pricier than we were expecting.  Otherwise, bravo to the Ritz!This hotel, which is, in part in an early 1900s department store, is an absolute delight. The architecture is stunning. You can feel the history. The check in was great, the bellmen were awesome-invaluable whilst traveling with a gaggle if kids, grandma and great grandma! Our room had an amazing view which was just icing on the cake. The rooms were well appointed. The marble bathroom was awesome. We had the double king room, with a sitting room complete with a tv and sofa, was absolutely great for allowing a bit of separation from the kids. The location was great. Offered a really easy walk all over the French quarter. Right across from the trolly too. We stayed in December and the decor was gorgeous. Loved the toy soldiers at the entrance. The kids found the experience to be very magical! (OK, so did we! :)Miserably uncomfortable double beds!  The room was big--why can't the Ritz Carlton have good quality queen beds?   And if McDonalds can offer free Wi-Fi, why does the Ritz charge $14.95 per day?  Okay, so we were gold members, and we got the Wi-Fi for free.  Club Level was available to us at $100 extra per day.  Parking--$45 per day.  Although there were three of us registered, we never received more than two towel sets.  I was reading in the atrium, and was pleased that an attentive  waiter asked me if I wanted a drink.  I asked for a "house merlot."  $20 for the glass!  LOL, well, it is the Ritz.  Conventient location.  Big rooms with big marble bathroom, tub, dressing area.  Nice hotel.The Ritz is the greatest hotel I have ever been in.  The staff attended to our every need.  The room we were in had the view of the courtyard which was breathtaking.  Our room was one of the refurbished, new models!  The room was not only beautifully decorated, it was so spacious!  This is the only hotel I will consider staying at when I visit NOLA.
Ritz, you do hotels right!!Try the Beignets - light and airy puffs of pastry with three dipping sauces: chocolate, home-made caramel and custard. Lovely treat that is a much lighter albeit more expensive than cafe du monde's beignets.Clean and plush. My room is exactly what I expected. I love the pillows, and the bed was very comfortable. Everything here is top notch, and exactly what you would expect from a Ritz Carlton.The travel agency got our reservations wrong....... The hotel did a great job to rectify the problem.. I love their service and wait staff...I've stayed in several Ritz Carltons before.   Always top notch.  This one is not up to par.  
The hotel feels old, and even a bit shabby.   The room felt like it was furnished 20 years ago (except for the huge flat-screen tv), and cheaply at that.  The place needs an update.   Thank goodness we found the  Rat Trap (no kidding!) under the bed at the END of our stay when we were looking for stray clothing.  Had we found it at the beginning, I'm not sure we would have slept very well.   Rats at the Ritz? - Eek!
The service was a bit spotty, we experienced nice people, and some cranky ones.  Standout:  The waiter in the restaurant for breakfast.   He was great - even bringing my girlfriend a healthy serving of salmon from the buffet when she mentioned she was torn between that and the omelette (which she got)   No charge for the Salmon!  
Why is it the luxury hotels seem to be the worst at nickel and diming you every chance they get?  (I guess that's a very dated term, try 5-spot-ing and 10-spot-ing).  How many hotels nowadays don't have free coffee in the room?  (You can get a cup for $4.00 in the lobby).   Parking is expensive - I might have expected that, but even when calling ahead, there was always a wait for the car, regardless of how busy they were.  
Trust me.... At the Ritz in Laguna Niguel, for example, none of these things bothered me, because the place is so very beautiful and the service so perfect you can easily excuse them.   But trade the beautiful Laguna room with its beach view for an old room overlooking, well.... a roof.  I didn't expect wonderful, but the bellhop, during his talking tour of our room, looked out and said "and you have such a wonderful view."  hmmm....  
At any rate, you're in New Orleans, so why should the hotel matter anyway?   Go out the door, a few steps, and you're on Bourbon street, and in the thick of it.  The streetcar is out front.  Nice.
It's clear that not all Ritz Carltons are alike.Excellent hotel (6/22,12). Lovely room. Nicely decorated and very quiet. Service was excellent. Guest services had my requested flowers in my room when we checked in and the arrangement was not only exactly what was requested, but beautiful as well.Recently stayed again earlier in the week. NOTHING has changed and just SUPERB service! A++++++++The Ritz-Carlton in New Orleans is absolutely gorgeous. The food was amazing and the decor beautiful. However, small finishes were missing.
 I did not like was the fact that there was no welcome drinks as there are in other Ritz locations, the spa is out of date, and I had a problem with a dirty bathtub upon arrival, called, it was cleaned, and was still dirty ( hairs on the walls even though we had not used the shower or bath). Overall I return because the location, food, and decor is gorgeous.This is a good choice for a hotel near the French Quarter. Since it is on Canal street, its easy to walk into the Quarter, but also easy to get elsewhere in New Orleans.
It's fairly modest for a Ritz Carlton, with just a coffee shop off the bar as the only restaurant. Live jazz makes the bar a happening place in the evenings--early during the week, and late on the weekends.
The rooms are fairly small; they are well furnished, but the bathrooms have combo shower tubs that seem more like something you'd find in a Marriott.
The staff has the usual gracious Ritz Carlton welcoming and helpful attitude.Beautiful hotel! Although the standard rooms are a little on the small side, it was do-able. 
The ball room was beautiful. 
Staff was amazing. 
Architecture of building is remarkable.Nice Hotel Good brunch and dinner inside the .Hotel. Friendly staff. Hung out in the Davenport Lounge with my Twin Jeremy Davenport !!!awesome experience..if u like Jazz and Good Food this Hotel is a stopping spot for you...also bumped into a few celebritiesThe desk clerk when we checked in was fabulous. We were given a king bed, but had requested two doubles.  She quickly and efficiently solved the problem. When we requested information about a Katrina tour, the consierge wrote an elaborate description and map for us. A great hotelThis has been an excellent vacation! Our hotel was wonderful: everything we needed was provided. The decor is beautiful and the club benefits were excellent! Thank you Ritz for being apart of my vacation! #tamonvacationWe were beyond impressed by the quality of service we received here, especially from the hotel manager.  The rooms are beautiful and well-appointed, albeit a little stuffy in terms of air quality.  This is partly due to the inoperable windows (apparently due to City regulations), combined with the expected New Orleans humidity.  In any event, when we couldn't sleep the first night due to the air quality in the room, the manager went out of his way to find us better-suited accommodations to ensure that our experience was a pleasant one.  And indeed, our experience definitely improved exponentially thanks to the manger's efforts in finding us what was just right for the remainder of our stay.  Thank you for the excellent customer service!Place is easily the best Hotel I ever stayed in. The only other I've been to in the same category would be the Venetian in Las Vegas. Great service, amazing decorating. I can see it getting lower ratings because of the price, but the value is there.I was excited to stay here.  It's conveniently located 2 blocks away from Bourbon Street.  It wasn't as nice as I expected it to be though.  The ones I've been to here in Cali were much nicer in comparison.
The rooms were nice and were decorated New Orleans style (old), but were a little small.  Staff of course was nice and very attentive.  I loved the center courtyard where you can dine, hang-out, or have a smoke.  I also expected them to have more amenities.  They had no pool and a very small work-out area.
My only complaint is that they only have one restaurant inside and the menu was not too enticing.  Thank goodness this place was surrounded by many good restaurants.
Would I stay here again?  Probably.  But I would probably want to check out the other nice hotels around.great central location and it just blows u away just from walking in the lobby. i mean of course it is the ritz.....very well doneWas in town for a conference. My room was spacious quiet clean and well decorated. The staff here is outstanding. Reason enough to stay here when in the city. One of the bell men said to me "this is the best place I have ever worked!"  Would that we all could say that about our own experiences. The conference facilities were also spacious and comfortable places for the work part of the trip.Stayed at the Ritz Carlton during the second day of Mardi Gras celebrations. The hotel was buzzing with people and the bar was far from empty. Upon arrival, the valet was quick to meet our car and offer to assist us with our bags as they showed us how to get to the lobby. The front desk wasn't too crowded and we were helped within a minute or so. We were also greeted with a taste of beer and king cake! They were more than happy to let us know when the 6 & 6:45 parades would be passing the hotel so we wouldn't have to walk all the way downtown. This allowed us time to stop by the bar for a quick bite to eat. 
We ordered the steak quesadilla and jambalaya fritters along with two local beers. The chips and nuts to snack on while we waited were delightful. I'm a huge fan of homemade chips and these definitely hit the spot! Our food came out fairly quickly and did not disappoint. The quesadilla was well seasoned and was a larger portion than we expected. The fritters were amazing and the andouille sausage had that amazing Louisiana spice you can't duplicate anywhere else.
The room itself was very clean and reflected the 'old luxury' feel of New Orleans that I would expect. I appreciate how the rooms reflect the history of the city and found the room to be quite comfortable. If you're looking for someplace to splurge while enjoying a little history, this is definitely the place to stay!We stayed here for our "mini-honeymoon" since we were not able to get away yet. We loved it! We told them we had just gotten married and they really took care of us. 
The room was beautiful, much nicer than any other hotel room I have stayed in (in my opinion). My favorite part of the room was the bathroom, lol. It was spacious and had white tile floors and a porcelain (sp?) sink. The bed was comfy and we had a great view of the HUGE Christmas tree in the courtyard. We never heard any outside noise unless it was someone walking right in front of the door. 
The staff was SO attentive and friendly. We couldn't walk past one employee without being told "hello" or "good morning/afternoon". The concierge made reservations for us at The Melting Pot (awsome!) and for a ghost tour. We loved both!
The spa was where I had my only "problem". The person I talked to on the phone the night before my wedding told me they did acrylic nails in thier spa so I made an appointment. When I showed up the next day the woman at the desk told me they do not do acrylics, so I just got a manicure done since there was no time to go anywhere else. Luckily, the hotel paid for it (I think b/c the concierge told them it was my wedding day). The staff was very apologetic and nice. 
Overall, I would stay here again.Tremendous stay minus the weather in New Orleans. Wonderful establishment, large hotel. Be prepared to shell out because it's The Ritz! Check-in and In-Room Dining is slow 80 bucks for two waffles,sausage and juice but look at where we are. It was an exceptional stay and The Club Manager carried the standard for the brand. Overall always impressed with this brand!New Orleans at its best ! Eggs Benedict & Neworleans hash !! Perfect bed of hash browns over warm egg Benedict and perfect zing of Cajun ! 
Great service friendly people but be ready to pay for every breath .. You get itDefinitely beautiful lobby and common areas.  The room was OK to say the least.  I've stayed in other Ritz-Carlton hotels where it was much more luxurious and they don't nickel and dime you to death!  Just include the wi-if and free coffee already in the room charge, what decade are we in!?!  Provide *some* perks without having to charge FOR EVERY INDIVIDUAL thing you have.  I mean really, $20 for a pint of Ben & Jerry's, $9 for a bottle of water and $25 for a pilates class!?!  I felt like sometimes the staff was "guarding" stuff rather than offering you amenities. During check-in no one acquainted me to the lay-out of where everything was and there wasn't a guide in the room. It was a festival weekend, so there were some interesting guests staying there and wandering the maze-like hotel, but I definitely felt like it was quiet and the fitness center (weight room) was decent.
Not really worth all the trouble.  Booked Hotel Monteleone on my way back through, we'll see how it compares.Old school classic hotel in the heart of the French Quarter.  Great location....right on Canal.  If you are here before or during Mardi Gras, many of the parades go right past the hotel.  Walking distance to anywhere in the Quarter.  
Service is top notch, and the restaurant serves an awesome breakfast.  
My wife's company was footing the bill......otherwise expect to pay a lot for a room but it's well worth the experience.I was sick for most of my trip to New Orleans. Most of the food in NOLA is not appropriate for sick people due to the heavy food and lack of vegetable and fruits. I loved the restaurant here. The tomato salad I had was incredible. The veal chops were cooked to perfection and had steam vegetables. When I told the waiter I really loved the vegetables and was sick, he put in a special order of steam vegetables free of charge for me! Incredible service, delicious food, and wonderful atmosphere. Definitely sit in their garden and enjoy the view. The tree left me in awe and I'm from New York. The garden was romantic and relaxing.Great place and an amazing piano bar type setup in the evening.
The location is solid too, I like to stay on Canal over down in the quarter.. You'll get more sleep here than the noisier hotels..
I know it's a Ritz, but the price seems a bit out of line for New Orleans IMO..AVOID AVOID AVOID food tasteless drinks not good. This is not Ritz level service or quality. Much better places to choose from for the city.Not the best Ritz I've stayed in, but nice. Valet takes forever, beds don't seem to be the same as others, and usually when I stay they ask what the occasion was...this time nothing, but it was actually an occasion for once. Better than the other NOLA options, but not exactly Ritz material.The Ritz is a little oasis in New Orleans. It's quiet, cool, comfortable and refreshing.
The two super pluses here that separated my experience from other hotels were the room service and the indoor shop. The housekeeper was extremely attentive and generous, ensuring we had ample chocolate and water throughout our entire stay. The shop had a section of designer clothes with steep discounts -- I bought several designer dresses and felt like I was coming out of there like a clothing bandit (but shh, this shop will be our little secret).
Overall, staying at the Ritz was the icing of my trip to New Orleans. Next time I come back to NOLA, I will stay here again without question.I met a friend who was staying here while she was in town for drinks at their lounge.
The elevator-to-the-lobby set up was a little confusing but not a big deal. Their lobby was beautiful, as to be expected. The cozy piano lounge was beautifully decorated and my $16 French 75 was delicious although I cringed when handing over my credit card. I wish there had been some sultry jazz music and a pianist, but sadly the piano sat silent for our time there. There were lots of rich people acting rich and it was fun to pretend I could actually afford to stay there and hang out in their bar. I did lament the $12 charge for Wi-Fi as I had brought my laptop to show my friend some pictures. I feel like if you're shelling out the cash to stay at the Ritz, Wi-Fi should be complementary.
Overall, a nice place to go if you want to feel fancy.Nice place, good location, but a bit tired-looking for a Ritz.  Place needs to be spruced up.  Also, got to put single-cup coffee makers in the room!  I want my coffee when I wake up and I don't want to wait 45 mins for room service or go downstairs for it and since I don't know when I will wakeup, I don't want to order it the night before.  I knocked a star off for the coffee pot.The Ritz-Carlton New Orleans.  Not just for Ritz Bitzes.  
The Ritz: The great room rate. The service.
One night at 7pm our toddler puked on her favorite blanket. Disasterville. By 9pm it was freshly laundered by housekeeping, puke-free, and we slept through the night dreaming of spring breezes.  They also gave her a monogrammed RC bathrobe, which she refuses to puke on. 
The Bitz: Every morning there was one thing missing from our breakfast room service order. At least it was consistent.We just stayed here for the G&R concert.. Great place to stay people were so nice took good care of us made reservations for dinner for us rooms were very comfortable.I really enjoyed my stay here. Room was very tidy, staff very attentive & the location was perfectly close to the French quarter without being too close to the drunken noise. I will most likely stay here again.I loved my stay at the Ritz Carlton New Orleans. Everyone was exceptional. It's a beautiful hotel in a fantastic location. I highly recommend!!!Arghh. Well check-in was efficient despite changing room types to accomadate a second guest. The front desk requested a new credit card from me even though the room was pre-paid by my friend who always stays here for business. lame. my card was later charged 4 days later even though the matter was supposed to be resolved! annoying! 
The cigar bar bartender was professional and accomodating to late night requests. However the patio cocktail server was extremely offensive, incompetent, and demanding during our dinner experience!!! She never brought us water, forgot several courses repeatedly, forgot our espresso, demanded we pay in cash so she could receive an immediate tip, appeared on drugs, yelled at us, and ignored us after paying, etc.... The hotel suite only got hot water after the 2nd night. the beds were comfy. The housekeeping staff and concierge were 5 star. Overall, the run-down accomodations and front-desk staff and cocktail server brought this Ritz to a lower calliber.My husband and I came to NOLA for my 30th birthday and our first trip without our 2 year old. The staff was pleasant at all times and they did ask us if we were celebrating anything during our stay. My husband of course told them my birthday at check in. Our room was nice with a view of the city which I loved since I people watch (lol). The internet seemed to be in and out constantly during our stay and we had trouble setting it up when we arrived. We didn't want to pay $30 a plate for breakfast so we ate out every morning during our stay. I noticed that other couples celebrating anniversaries and birthdays received little gift baskets and other things. I'm not sure if that was planned by the guest themselves so I can't say anything about that. Overall we enjoyed our experience here just wish maybe had a quick bite affordable breakfast for mornings before we walked out the door.Very hard to find anything wrong here.  Staff were pleasant and professional.  Check - in was a breeze (on-line). Rooms are oversized and lovely.  Bed is spectacular.  Food provided at the meeting rooms was the best conference lunch that I have ever had.  Well worth the price.We stayed at the Ritz for our anniversary and were congratulated by almost every staff member along with a surprise desert and hand written card. We expected a bit if a rowdy scene since it is the French Quarter and were pleasantly surprised by the serene environment. The beds were very comfortable, the toiletries were excellent (for my husband, I only use sulfate free) and we loved the live jazz. Definitely somewhere we would return too!I have stayed 150+ nights in NO over the past 30 months. Most at the Monteleone. I figured I would get some points and stay at the Ritz instead... What a mistake. 5 stays in 4 months total of 20 nights and nothing but problems from my first stay till my last. The first stay money was stolen from my room. Ok... My fault for not securing it but it was in my brief case and it had to be opened and looked for... And it was promptly stolen. Three of the following four stays did not have a working safe in the room and I had to call maintenance to come repair it so I would not make the same mistake as my first stay. Oh yeah ... Nothing can be done about the money LA law says so and the Ritz follows that without ANY comp ... Even a drink or two.
 Second stay I got back to my room from work and my room still had not been services... 5:30pm.... And still no safe.
    Third stay... Called for a razor at 7am... After 4 phone calls and 55 minutes the housekeeping manager brought me one himself. Oh yeah ... Another non working safe! 
   Forth stay... No reservation! WHAT? They looked and looked but no! Said they were sold out and I had to look somewhere else. Finally after an hour of ... Well polite work by the front desk the had my reservation but had misspelled my last name ... Added an E the my name causing the problem! Really... All reservations were made on the same day who's fault was that... Not mine this time.....But the safe worked this time.
    Stay five... Started out great... But the key... That's right... The good old fashioned key... Did not open the safe. And the safes are so small forget about putting a laptop in it . How about a camera... Nope... A purse? ... No way! Wallet.. Yes ... But I have to carry that with me?!?  To beat all that they checked me out early... A full day early! Guess what... The hotel was sold out that night and I was out of luck! After all of these stats they could not find me a room... Not the same room ... Any room! I explained that I stay the same number of nights every month and it never changes... No good ... No room. Finally I said I was going to cancel the contract my company has with ritz and discontinue many stays at the ritz for my staff and all of my clients .... Miraculously ... Someone was checking out early... Right at that exact moment! Wow... How lucky that was for me!  
  The location is good... Staff friendly and helpful... But nothing else about this place is a true Ritz Carlton!!! 
AVOID AT ALL COSTS!  And if you do want to stay here... And keep your valuables secure... Bring a safe!!
Back to The Monteleone for me!If you haven't experienced Ritz Carlton service you should.  I am lucky enough to know some behind the scenes info on how the Ritz operates and they expect nothing but 5 star service from their employees.   This location though is kind of known for not being a stringent on following the "Ritz Carlton way" like the NYC and Chicago locations, but it is still one of the nicest hotels in the city.
If you are a regular they actually track your preferences so on your next visit things are the way you want them.  Are you a no feather person? a I need 4 shampoos and 2 conditioners in my room?  Well become a regular at the Ritz and you will get just that without having to ask.
Also if you are lost in this bit of a maze of a hotel (this building hosts 3 Ritz Carlton hotels Maison Orleans, Iberville Suites, and the main Ritz) all with their own distinct characters.  You can sometimes get a bit lost, but the helpful employees will walk (not point) you in the right direction.
The teas they have here are quite and event and it is definitely a place for special occasions.  The spa is here ok, not great, but it is one of the largest in the city and has more amenities than the others so you can get your money's worth by making a day of your serviceEverything you would expect of the Ritz Carlton.  Fantastic location in the French Quarter.  The bed is divinely comfortable.  And the service is really the best there is.  Every single hotel employee goes out of their way to engage you and make you feel welcome.This was my first time staying at a Ritz. I can see how the Ritz-Carlton brand sets the standard for luxxxury hotels.
The room was very nice, complete with NOLA-themed artwork.
The beds/bedding were super awesome, and the climate control was quiet. If it weren't for eating after 10pm, I probably would have gotten a good night's rest every night. Our room was on the 7th floor, facing some nondescript roof, but I think it made for a quieter night (I can't imagine how loud the rooms facing the quarter or Canal were). 
They stock the bathroom with white tea scented Bulgari products, which is a nice touch along with the embroidered towels. The bathroom floor was a tad dingy compared to the Renaissance (where I had most recently stayed) -- it didn't bother me as so much I expected better.
The housekeeping was a little miss -- sometimes, they forgot to restock the caffeinated coffee, which is a necessity with the amount of work and play I did. They do nickel-and-dime you on phone calls and internetz, but what luxury hotel doesn't?
The gym is very nice. Probably the best-equipped hotel gym I have ever seen in NOLA (believe me, I've seen a lot of crappy ones). They were open in the wee hours in the morning so that I could sneak in a workout before trudging to work. 
It's kind of a maze -- to get the the gym, you have to roll down an elevator, walk across the building, and roll down another elevator. And I never understood the two sets of elevators -- as someone travelling for work, I like to minimize the number of obstacles between the room and my destination (but maybe that's what Motel 6 is for).
The door people were more helpful than the reception people. The valet people were sometimes a little rude. For $36+tax/night, I expect people to be polite. I didn't understand why my seat and radio station had to be adjusted for the short trip to the parking spot. 
No airline miles for this stay. Bummer.
Overall, it was a very nice hotel and a good experience... But I'm not sure that I'd stay at this hotel again given the availability of other hotels of this caliber in the area.If you ever stayed at a Ritz Carlton with Club Lounge, you know that is the only way to go.  The Ritz Carlton New Orleans has delivered the best experience in comfort, service, and relaxation.  Upon check in, my Gold status was acknowledged, and so was our 13 year anniversary celebration.  I was advised that I had been upgraded to a suite in the Club Lounge Level.  It was 11 AM and our room was not ready yet.  We were given keys to enjoy the Club Lounge and had a wonderful tour of the hotel.  We received a text message just 15 minutes later, letting us know our room was ready.
The Lounge is the most beautiful Ritz Carlton Lounge I have ever visited.  It is spacious, with 4 separate rooms filled with antiques and beautiful furnishings.  In addition it also has a beautiful library, my favorite of all rooms.  
The continuous culinary presentations were wonderful.  I specifically enjoyed the local New Orleans flavors present in all of their cuisine.  The Lounge offered champagne, several red and white wines, top shelf liquor such as grey goose vodka, and several types of light and dark bottles of beers.  Food presentations and drinks were amazing but service was even better.  
Lounge staff was just top! Amazing service.  Everyone was wonderful.  No request was ever denied.  They simply anticipated every single need and delivered even before asking.  I was very impressed of how truly wonderful and genuine everyone was.  
The suite is super spacious.  Had beautifully appointed furnishings and a huge bathroom with a tub and standing shower.  Two showers, two bathrooms, a separate living room with a full size sofa bed, desk, two televisions, and a beautiful entry foyer.  The toiletries were Asprey and we got everything from nail files, shaving kits, combs, slippers, mouth wash and all the other standards.  I specifically enjoyed the Nespresso coffee maker.  The coffee was delicious! 
We received a beautiful anniversary card with champagne and strawberries.  Since we were traveling with our daughter, she also received a beautiful delivery of cookies and gummy bears candy.
The hotel is located in a central area, close to everything New Orleans offer.  A block from Bourbon Street, and car street stop outside of the hotel entrance.
On our last day, we requested a late checkout and it was not an issue.  
There were a few people that made our stay super special: Danielle, Terrance, and Kathy at the Lounge.  
Kelsey at the front desk, and Michael in guest services, for giving us an amazing tour.  
I absolutely recommend staying at the Ritz Carlton New Orleans, preferably Club Lounge level.  Although a block from busy Bourbon Street, if feels relaxing, luxurious and miles away from the bustle and hustle of the busy and humid city.Parking was a bit high, but that is of course due to the location.  Room was clean.  I didn't eat there but the staff directed me to a place about a block away that was decent.  I would definitely stay here again on my next visit to to N.O., but I'd probably self park elsewhere if not traveling for business.I can't say enough about this hotel!  They saved me from a horrible experience at a local establishment that I had and am still having because Paul the manager feels that it is his sole duty to harass anyone who has a negative experience at his hotel and dares to review it as evidenced by his tripadvisor responses to any negative reviewer.
They gave us a great room at an affordable cost having inquired the same night of stay.  Went down to check out the spa in the morning, and a staff member in the lobby  felt I would be more comfortable being escorted as I was in my robe during a business conference.  Friendly staff pays attention to just the right amount of detail in a quiet, comfortable, private setting. Above and beyond the kind of service you would expect from a high end hotel.We usually stay at bed and breakfast style hotels in the french quarter when we visit NOLA. I love the charm they have, old houses with so much history and the friendly staff. However, this time was totally spur of the moment so we booked the Ritz Carlton instead. We were pleasantly surprised. We got in at about 10pm and the live Jazz music, we could hear, while checking in was fantastic and unexpected. We hurried up and put our bags down to hear more. Great way to be welcomed and immediately enchanted by your hotel and great city of New Orleans! The service from the staff was excellent as well. Our room, an executive suite, was beautiful. Tastefully decorated and just what every girl wants A MASSIVE BATHROOM!! We can't wait to come back! Thank you!! You are what gives the brand it's excellence!After having been in other french quarter hotels this place puts them all to shame. Anyone who complains about this not being a real ritz carlton has not stayed in Nola to many times. Even nice branded hotels are dumpy in the french quarter. This place is amazing. The only downside was having to take 2 elevators to the room when you have been drinking on bourbon street.We enjoyed live music and cocktails with friends in the hotel lounge/bar area.  Our hotel was adjoining and very convenient.This is an excellent hotel and in my opinion the perfect location.  It is on the edge of the French Quarter and a block away from Bourbon St.  So you are close enough to the party, but also far enough away when you want some peace and relaxation.  There is a street car stop right across Canal street for quick access to the Garden District.
The Hotel is beautiful inside and kept very clean.  The lobby has access to a great courtyard to enjoy the weather.  There is also a large bar and lounge which hosts a jazz band on certain evenings.  The band was very good.
Our room was a good sized executive suite with a separate bedroom from the living area, dual vanity in the master bath, and a separate half bath for guests by the foyer.  The master bath had a separatw tub and shower.  Everything was clean except for a few small spots of mildew buildup in the shower tiles.  
Service was excellent for the most part aside from a few spotty bartenders and a restaurant server.  Seems like they could use some additional Ritz quality training.  The bartender ignored my empty beer for 10 minutes while he chatted up some lady patrons at the half empty bar.  One breakfast server was quite inattentive but the second day another server was great.  I just dont expect hit or miss service when staying at a Ritz property.
Overall we enjoyed our stay and we will certainly be back.We stayed here in February.   The hotel was very clean.  The beds are extremely comfortable and they treated us great.   Really enjoyed our stay.Clean, convenient, and cheap (just kidding about this last part). It's a RitzCarlton and the service is topnotch. Very convenient location to bourbon street and the casino.It's the Ritz! Luxurious with a great location in the French Quarter.  The staff are wonderfully accommodating, holding luggage until we were ready to leave.  The only odd thing is the two elevator system they use..  no biggie, just make sure someone is sober enough to make it back to the room. :-). Would definitely stay again.Let me just say I  had a  wonderful stay.if  you like  nice people nice service  and a lovely room it's. perfect.i had a great experience I stayed a wk the room service is beautiful .As well it's a few blocks from bourbon street wich is perfect.Iwill definitely be back.The food is great The servers and staff  are on it .I as well don't think it's spendy mind you I love a week of spoiling  and room service is right up my Alley .I have to start that this review by saying that Adalberto is the best man in New Orleans and possibly in some other places too. He is an "engineer' in Ritz Carlton and he solved all our problems with extreme politeness and genuine pleasantness. We had problems with the bathroom sink immediately upon our arrival and he had to come back to it with stronger and stronger tools and always being very apologetic about it. A couple of minutes later we cannot connect to wireless Internet and the front desk sends their "engineer." I open the door and there he is again, Adalberto, the same guy who five minutes ago performed the role of a plumber will now act as the tech support guy. He had to change the router and gave us a complimentary movie for our troubles. All this while being profusely apologetic, confident in his skills and with humility that brought light to our room. He proceeded to recommend us restaurants and clubs based on our interests. Adalberto was more then helpful he was an inspiring human being. If I was to get married again I would consider him for the role of the best man and I am confident he would be great at it. Ritz Carlton this guy is one of your biggest assets.
Otherwise we enjoyed our stay in the Ritz Carlton. Rooms are of decent size, beds are nice and bathrooms as well. They have a nice patio on the third floor across the reception area that I believe is underrated. It can match any of the outdoor seating in the French quarter yet nobody really sings it deserved praises.
The hotel has an afternoon tea in the Davenport lounge and I highly recommend it. There's a serving of sandwiches and then a serving of pastry and in the meantime a very polite lady keeps bringing nice tea and champagne while a harpist tirelessly picks the strings on the podium. The food is nothing special but there is something about the ambiance and server's decorum that it makes the afternoon tea a special event. Relaxing, a little bit archaic, and a little bit amusing.
When we arrived we were told that our room is not ready and we were offered an upgrade to the club room for a higher price. We opted to wait, which turned out to be about a solid but after a long travel oh to long wait. I've read in other reviews that they have experienced the same offer and it sounds like the upgrade could be a sales trick. Not cool.Had an amazing 3 nights stay at this beautiful and classy New Orleans Ritz with my boyfriend. The customer service there is 5 stars, very helpful hotel staff...if you are not sure were to go for dinner or just to have some drinks, don't hesitate to ask for a good recommendation ...you wont be disappointed! This is the best hotel to stay in Nola hands down , it's located right close by the famous bourbon street and the french quarter!  I was mesmerized by the art and the decor flower piece in the main lobby, looking forward to my next stay there ! I recommend this hotel to anybody that wants to have an enjoyable 5 stars accommodation stay.room stinks.  smoky must....  and who the hell still charges for wifi...  i'll use my hotspot.Really appreciate how everyone of the staff is very polite and genuinely friendly. The beds are always comfortable the hotel is always clean and kept up.Our guest room needed a face lift and was not strenuously cleaned before we checked in, but overall, the stay was fantastic.  Yes! I would stay here again.  We enjoyed the 5pm lobby gumbo and the WThFSat lounge jazz.  Excellent house jazz band.  Loved ordering drinks, eating the house potato chips and nuts, and winding down the evening listening to the jazz. The lounge featured an amazing harpist Saturday and Sunday afternoons.  Lovely! We drank iced tea and listened to the music when it was too hot outside to be a walking tourist.  Polite staff and great beignets in the restaurant.  Clean lounge restrooms. Excellent location for touring NOLA.Relaxation at its best at The Ritz. The Concierge Floor. The amenities are too many to mention.  Enjoying the library room for reading room with its dark paneling and leather seating is a quiet place to relax and reflect. The coffee bar, wine bar and constantly changing food table...one could spend a whole day here.I was deep cover, an undercover agent.  I was NOT in my element.  I was at The Ritz.
Yeah, I don't know if it will ever happen again, but I made my first stay at The Ritz recently.  How'd it happen?  I happened to be in N'awlins on a dead weekend, so there  were lots of government-rate rooms available.  
Score!!
Holy smokes.  Walking in to a joint like this does something to you.  It makes you dreadfully aware of your sloppiness.  
(OK, I bet most people can just totally blend in, but yeah, when I walked in I totally felt like Pig Pen from Peanuts.  Granted I was clean and all spic 'n span, but I just felt woefully unkempt.  Photos should have been taken to see the contrasts of me on the marble floors).
Alright, I'm done with the class-ist uncomfortabilities.
This hotel was gangsta.  The employees who checked us in were super nice.  We walked through the lobby in awe.  When we got to our rooms---FUGGEDABOU' !  
o  Beautiful bed & linens.
o  Large flat-screen TV.
o  Marble-floored bathroom.
o  All sorts of amenities (sewing kit, beauty mirror, plush bathrobe, cool desk, clock radio with iPod dock)
This room was pimp.
Chilled here for a few and then went down to the spa (yeah, I said spa.  Mmmm Hmm, that's how I roll b!tches!).  The spa had a world class gym.  I ran the treadmill for 20 & then hit their tight as heck gym (any hotel gym that has free weights gets top marks in my book).  I didn't think it could get better, but then there's the indoor pool/hot tub.  The hot tub was dang cool (I could have done without the woman and her annoyingly loud/naughty kids though).  Pools are awite to me, but this one!  Whoa.  It was small, and I tadpole-ed around a bit.  A button then caught my eye.  I thought it might turn on a nearby fountain.  Nope--it turned on a HUGE jet in the pool!  Wow, so cool.  You could try to sit in front of the jet, but it was powerful.  The fun thing to do here was to let the jet propel you across the pool.  Totally fun!
Wow.  So, for check-out the next morning, the bubble bursts.  You slip back to reality.  No more living like the other half (actually, it's probably only a fraction who get to live like this).  
All in all a memorable & interesting lesson in sociology.Thia is one of my favorite Hotel in New Orleans. The service that you get here is unbelievable. But starting from the guys in valet garage Myckal and John the best. If you need anything just let these guys know and they will make it happen. Little Tim at the front desk is good too  very knowledgeable about the city and things to do around the area.
The fitness facility here is excellent one of the best gyms in a hotel I have ever seen. I actually own a gym and this is not bad for a gym  junkie on the go.
When you come to New Orleans to try to stay here every single time! #1 in my book. Rooms are clean and the service is impeccable.If you have Marriott status don't waste your time at the Ritz in New Orleans.
They don't care about your status. I have over 1200 nights at Marriott and they won't give me concierge access or upgrades. I have 6 people here tonight who will all stay at the Marriott down the street next time. I was asked to pay $300 per night extra to access the lounge and the valet guy out a hard sell to tip him BEFORE parking my truck. The Ritz in Dallas and Jamaica are 1000% better service.
So room is Ok but service sucked for an elite Marriott member.I would like to give 0 star if I can. The location is good and some nice staff. But the room is outdated and the hotel system is in mess. We found ants inside the room. There is no 24 hour front desk or concierge, we wanted to confirm our reservation for the car to airport around midnight but found nobody at front desk, finally the clean lady help us find the staff, also the front desk had no access to the system of concierge. They told us that the concierge did not put the reservation successfully, next morning they found the reservation and finally found as a suburban which could not close its trunk. We waited there for 15 minuets and took a uber because we had to catch a flight. I suggest just chose any hotel but not this one, if you expect for a 5star hotel. This hotel is maybe just 3 star. The only 5 star is the price.I liked it. It was pretty good although perhaps a shade under the service quality we normally experience at other locations. Having said that there wasn't a lot of choice and it was reasonably close to the French Quarter which was nice.Do yourself a favor and stay here beside looking at other hotels. It's on a major street (Canal), two short blocks away from The French Quarter, all 
the amenities you expected from a 5 star hotel. 
For a little bit more, stay in a suite which includes Amuse Bouche type buffet for breakfast, lunch, and dinner (yes, alcohols are included)Magically! The moment we walked in a didn't want to leave. We got settled in to the club level wing and went to the lounge. Drinks were plentiful and snacks were yum! We stayed for the desserts and they had the local favorites. We didn't even need to go walking around for anything - the lounge had everything we needed.
Additionally the staff must be mentioned. Diedre was excellent. Considered all the needs. Got me a blanket, drinks, and continue to check on us as we watched the game. 
The rooms were gorgeous. Hardwood floors, huge 2 person tub, room was very spacious. We could have stayed in the hotel and never stepped foot in New Orleans and I believe I wouldn't have ever cared. (Besides hunting for crawfish) 
Amazing location - best Ritz I have every stayed at. I can't wait to go back.I plan on staying at this hotel everytime I visit the city.  Now I have to admit that I am an employee of the Ritz Carlton so my expectations are extremely high.  And they lived up to every one of them.  The Ladies and Gentlemen were incredibly attentive, helpful, and friendly.  Someone else said "Southern Hospitality at its best!"  Completely true.  I've now stayed here twice, and this will be my hotel from now on.  In fact, I will plan my trips based on being able to get a room here, honestly.  Aside from the truly wonderful staff, the room was great.  The bed alone is worth staying here for.  It's huge and comfy and make you feel right at home.  The Bulgari bath products are my fav, so I always take some home with me.  But the simple fact that this magnificent hotel is just TWO blocks from Bourbon St makes it the total package.  We walked everywhere from the hotel and didn't really ever have to bother with the car.  I love, love, love this hotel and hope that my hotel in Dallas is equally as wonderful to our guests.I only stayed here once pre-Katrina for the Bayou Classic event. Its only two seconds away from Bourbon Street and is, I think, one of the oldest buildings around. 
It definately plays up the "old school" aspect, with big wooden chairs in every room and old world carpet and walls. The rooms weren't Huge but very spacious. As you would exspect with a Ritz-Carlton full service is for everyone and whatever you want they will find or make for you.
You could never tell how nice it is at just looking at the outside but It has got to be one of the nicest hotels in New Orleans.Close to everything. My room was clean and spacious and very comfortable. Good bar service and staff is very friendly.Came for the memorable Mother's Day buffet. Fairly expensive, but appropriately priced.  Eager, but not overly so, professional staff anticipate your every need. What they don't anticipate they will gladly produce for you in record time. Standard Ritz service. The spread was sumptuous. I could've stopped at the canapes. Heck, I could've stopped at the caramelized foie gras canapes! A fantasy mini-pastry spread (over 2 large rooms) worthy of a tv competition. Shrimp & grits, crepe station, carving station with salt-crusted prime rib, ham, and turduckhen, oh the breads....oh the breads, a lovely spread of cheeses (not discovered until I was already burgeoning...). My advice: go hungry and eat slowly! Easily among the best buffets I've ever encountered. Why 4 stars? Have you ever seen a 5 star buffet?? Exactly. You never will.A beautiful old school look right in the heart of the action. It was very affordable for what we received. The club level, which we stayed on, has a buffet and all you can drink wine and champagne. I just wish that they had goodies when we got back from the bars. The bed was so amazing and the bath was huge.  The day spa was such a nice pleasure at the end of the trip. Next time I will for sure spend at least a half day in it.So this review is only for the lounge found inside this hotel. Met up with girlfriends in New Orleans and hit up this spot for a brief drink. On Friday night they had live music which was awesome. We returned on Sunday for a nightcap.....it was way slower than Friday but both nights we received GREAT SERVICE! Our bartender Chris was awesome! I was able to try their Gumbo....and man was it tasty! And had a Sazerac for the 1st time, great drink!Here's what you need to know: By far the best ultra luxury hotel in the city. GORGEOUS! Old world charm with modern comforts and amenities. Very well located; Great staff and jazz lounge.
We spent a three day weekend at the end of July here (Guns n Roses was in the suites right next to ours :) ), and it was an excellent stay and experience. From the moment we checked in to our late check out, we were pampered and cared for.
Our suite was very well appointed and very roomy. From a Nespresso bar to our huge all marble bathrooms which was lavishly stocked with Asprey of London toiletries, the room was a great and comfortable retreat at the end of the day. The living/dining room was very spacious and even featured a Full size pull out bed in the elegant couch. The bed was very comfortable, and the linens were nice and soft (except the spare blanket and one of the top sheets were torn - very surprising for a Ritz Carlton). We did have a few other issues with mediocre housekeeping (e.g. Bottled water was not replenished, Towels and the bathrobe were not re-stocked one afternoon after the turn down service, there was some tiny pieces of broken glass on the carpet outside our room that wasn't properly vacuumed for 2 days, and the Nespresso capsules/sugar were not replenished either).
Our 3 year old received a lot of affection, and really enjoyed the little treats she received as part of the Ritz Kids club the whole time we were there. Overall the staff was excellent - from the concierge to the front desk to the in-room dining.
The pool is a tiny indoor resistance pool located next to the hot tub, and is part of their extensive spa. We also did an afternoon tea service on Saturday which was a lavish affair and very enjoyable - I will review that in detail as part of my Davenport lounge review.
The Davenport lounge is an excellent jazz bar that is frequented by Jeremy Davenport a couple times / week.
In summary, we had a great time and really loved the hotel. While it's not as good as the best Park Hyatt properties we've stayed at, but better than most others hotels and certainly the best in NOLA. This will be our hotel of choice in the city.Two words: club level.
Amazing food and drink spread daily.
Beds were so comfortable. 
Staff was so kind and fun to talk to. 
I May never be able to stay at another hotel again.I gave them two stars, because our first experience with this Ritz-Carlton was when my family came into town for Thanksgiving and stayed there. There room wasn't completely clean. This time around my husband and I stayed on the club level to celebrate my birthday, and our room wasn't completely clean this time around either. There was gum left in the bathroom sink, the floor needed to be swept, the desk and night stands needed a good wipe down and dusting. The ambiance was inviting and the staff was pleasant. I just expected a clean room above all else, because of their reputation and price for staying at such an establishment. Yes, we did advise of the issues, and they waived the valet parking fees. BUT COME ON, twice within a month of each other?!?!?! We will never stay at this location ever again.Great location on Canal about two blocks from Bourbon Street.  Quick walk to French Quarter, but not noisy like some hotels in the quarter.  Great hotel staff and service.   Rooms were good sized and in great shape.  Housekeeping was attentive.  Room service was timely.  Did not dine at hotel, but all areas were attractive.  I accidentally left power chargers in room at checkout - front desk connected me with Loss Prevention, who called back promptly to let me know they recovered them and made arrangements to ship back to me.  Overall, a great experience.We absolutely adore this hotel and have stayed here quite a few times. We like it so much we stayed here when we eloped! The location can't be beat. The restaurant has the best gumbo I have ever had in New Orleans or anywhere for that matter. The bar is nice and dimly lit. And the courtyard is a-maz-ing! It's the best place to grab a coffee and sit and enjoy the morning. The staff is always very nice and friendly. It costs a pretty penny but it's totally worth it.I was here for a conference and have nothing but good things to stay about the staff here. From check in to check out they were amazing. 
The food served at the conference also had a nice cajun flare which was great considering I never got to step outside the hotel for the 3 days I was there. The rooms also have a great view of the French Quarter. 
Huge gym with several different workout rooms. 
Seems like they cleaned our room 3x a day!This Ritz holds up to all of the standards you expect from a ritz.  In 15 years of staying at the ritz I have only had 6 bad experiences, although it sounds like a lot it isn't and the standard they set is very high.  This rizt lived up to those extremely high standardsI've stayed here multiple times.  Service is always what you would expect....consistent, pleasant, and prompt.  This location is very close to the French Quarter, so it is very easy to walk to most of the prime locations in the city. My only real issue with this hotel (and many others like it) is that the Wifi was not free!  I hate being 'nickel and dimed' at a nice establishment.  It seems that if Days Inn can offer free Wifi, the Ritz should be able to do the same. Also, beware of navigating within the hotel.  Clearly, the current configuration is a combination of two previously freestanding hotels/buildings.  This makes for a very convoluted coming and going.  Just to get to the backside of the hotel from my room I had to catch three separate elevators and walk through three distinct areas of the hotel.  Overall, I enjoyed my stay.This hotel is WAY too perfumy -- from the air in the lobby to the pillows and sheets to the soap in your bathroom.  I have been sneezing non-stop all night because of it!  I suppose it's better than cigarette smoke...
Another thing that really bugs me about this hotel is the poor keycard readers in the elevators.  While it's nice that they use this as a security measure, it's completely ridiculous that so many people get stuck in the elevators because they can't get their keycard read so as to push a button to go to their floor.  I can't tell you how many times I've run into people in the elevator who had been in there for several minutes trying to get the keycard reader to work.
And I'm not sure if this was just my room, but you really have to push/pull your door shut -- it gets stuck at the end, and if you're not careful, you could be leaving your room unlocked.  The keycard reader for my room also isn't that great.
I also find this hotel frustrating because it is like a maze -- to get from the street to my room, I have to take two different elevators in two different parts of the building.  And there are so many different entrances/exits, which makes it even harder to find where you're going.
On the plus side, the staff is very friendly and helpful, the grounds are beautiful (including an outdoor terrace/garden with a romantic gazebo and lots of [perfumy] flowers), they have complimentary jasmine green tea (and English breakfast and earl grey) tea in the room, and it's pretty conveniently located just on the border of the French Quarter but not in it so you can avoid all the noise.We have been here two days now and are staying at the Club level.  Erica and Sandy have been very helpful and lots of fun!
Your next trip to NOLA should include a stay at the Ritz!
The Spa here is wonderful and relaxing.