I'm terribly disappointed to see how badly this place has declined. It seems that since they were featured on the Food Network they think they are celebrities, and that they are doing you a favor by allowing you to dine there. I lived in New Orleans for ten years pre-Katrina, and had remembered the Coffee Pot as a charming, old-school restaurant with great food and friendly service. I was shocked at how poorly we were treated, and embarrassed that I brought my friends there, some of whom had never been to New Orleans before. 
I would like to begin by saying that I have worked in the restaurant industry my entire life, I am beyond patient and understanding when dining out, but there is absolutely no excuse for the way we were treated. We went for brunch on Sunday, 3/1. There was a bit of a line, but it was moving quickly so we decided to wait. What a mistake! As we got closer to the front, we were greeted by a surly hostess who seemed annoyed that we were there. She asked how many were in our party, gave us a severe look, and disappeared. 
We were eventually sat at a table with no menus and waited. And... waited. For a long time. Eventually a waitress shuffled over. At this moment my friend had been showing me a photo on her phone, and our waitress barked at us in a caustic tone to, "Put your toys away." She dropped menus on our table and disappeared without taking a drink order. 
Again we waited. We had more than enough time to read the entire menu, decide what we wanted to eat and drink, even had time leftover to discuss the weather, this year's Jazz Fest lineup, and the meaning of life. When our waitress finally returned with water, she again admonished us to put our "toys" away, and vanished without taking a drink or food order. 
We continued to wait helplessly, and at this point I'm getting annoyed. Any restaurant that's been open this long should know well enough that a drink order should have been taken by now. After we'd been sitting for nearly 25 minutes, we looked around for our waitress and realized that she was just standing in the window of the kitchen, waiting for food to come up. 
Now look, the place was not understaffed. There were three waitresses on the floor and what appeared to be a hostess that was helping bus tables and make drinks. The place is tiny, and the outdoor seating was closed save for two tables. They were full, but not even close to being busy enough to justify such slow service, although as another reviewer mentioned, the entire staff has a serious lack of time-management skills. Even harder to justify, however, is the attitude we were getting from everyone. 
I finally went over to the kitchen/bar area and asked the woman behind the bar if someone could take our food and drink order. She didn't seem too interested in helping me, but did ask who our waitress was. At this point, our "waitress" turned around and asked in a hostile tone, "What's the problem over there?"
Excuse me? What's the problem? The problem is that it's been almost a half an hour since I sat down and I'd like to order something to eat and drink! She yelled at me that she was waiting for another table's food to come up and that when it was ready and she had dropped it off, she would be over to take our order. ARE YOU EFFING KIDDING ME?? 
After almost ten more minutes she came over to take our order, and hostilely asked us for ID when we ordered alcoholic beverages. She did manage to take our food order at the same time, however she made several mistakes with our entire order, including bringing potatoes when we asked for grits and forgetting to bring a beverage my friend had ordered. She also had to come back because she forgot what side dish we had ordered. She made a lame attempt to try to backpedal on her former hostility, but the damage was done. I will give credit where credit is due, the food was good enough, the grits were fantastic, although they had clearly used frozen spinach on my eggs sardou, and the hollandaise was bland. 
Here's the final insult, they had the nerve to add an 18% gratuity to our bill, and we were only a party of four! This was not stated ANYWHERE on the menu, trust me, I looked at the menu again to check. The fact that they were adding gratuity explains the poor service, it also explains the I-don't-give-a-shit attitude from the staff. If my one friend hadn't had to get to the airport for her flight, I would have called the manager and refused to pay the gratuity, because it is ILLEGAL to add a service charge to a bill without advance notice, they can't force you to pay it! I told the hostess how unhappy we were, she didn't seem to care.
All in all, it was a very disappointing experience. My friends who still live in New Orleans agree that the Coffee Pot has really gone downhill in recent years, especially since their Food Network "fame." The sad thing is that there will probably always be tourists gullible enough to go because they saw it on TV! Be warned, stay away!Good food. Abusive service. Calas are weird.Solid breakfast place right near Pat Os. Not a bad line and the back room is kinda outside which is nice if the weather permits.Found this place looking for gumbo when we were in New Orleans and we loved it.  The servers were so nice and friendly, it was like being at my husband's grandma's house.  The andouille gumbo was amazing.  Even my vegetarian friend ordered a bowl!  We even got a picture with the resident spirit who hangs out there.  I can't wait to go backDinner was fair. Nothing great about the meal except the bread pudding. Service was mediocre.So happy my boyfriend and I got to experience this gem. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. I got worried when I decided to the check reviews as we waited to place our order, but decided to stay despite the negative reviews. Glad we did! Jaclyn is the sweetest, and made great dinner suggestions. my boyfriend had the Triple D and I had the crab cakes with sweet potato hash, and green bean casserole. Both were to die for. Everything was cooked to perfection and bursting with flavor. We will definitely be back! (The marching band that went by the window half way through was pretty cool too)Oir first day in NOLA amd stopped here for
Lunch. Had a hurricane and it was the best one we had during our entire stay. For lunch jambalaya was ... Ok. A bit disappointing. My wife had etoufee  and it was very good. 
Ambiance
In the courtyard was fantastic. Shirley our waitress loved to sing to her customers. 
Solid 3 stars.The story of this place is great food, great atmosphere, slow service. It's NOLA. Get over it. This is actually 4.5 starsService amazing, singin  waitress is the bomb,drinks are off the hook and food heavenly! Came to visit from SF (where we have great food too) but the jamalaya was the best I've ever had. Only place in NO we went back twice to eat, yes its that good!Breakfast here was AMAZING!  Please check out the food and the amazing pipes on one of the waitresses there.  She was a start as she sang and served!  Bloody Mary's and The Callas Cakes, I engaged in the Eggs Benedict Johnathan style.  I agree with the patience remark, but I think the best things in life are worth the wait!   
Loved it, we went twice over the weekend(~:I had the calla cakes with pecans, which were really good, though I don't have a point of comparison. Powdered sugar and syrup can't go wrong. I paired it with bacon. (The rating is for the calla cakes only.)Food was very good as is usually the case here but the wait staff must be trained to be that rude. They are even rude to each other. Their time management skills are totally non-existent. Waited 20 minutes for the check after having to request it.  They go to great lengths to avoid eye contact once you are seated. 
We have been there several times a year over the  past 30 years and many on the staff are the same people . In this case that is not a good thing. They have not mellowed with age they are just grouchy.
They made the soup nazi appear pleasant.I think this was the best gumbo I had while visiting New Orleans. Spicy and chocked full of crab, shrimp, and topped with simple white rice with a side of homemade biscuits. This is a real down home kind of place and the owner and waitresses have apparently been there for years which adds to the home like feeling to this place, almost like going to dinner at a relatives house. Remember to take a peak at the painting on the wall of the restaurant, I'm sure you will spot some of the servers as well as the owner, Pearl, in it. They have indoor seating as well as a courtyard, and upstairs a public restroom is available. (which is a great find when you have been consuming large amounts of daiquiris)AMAZING comfort breakfasts.  Thinking about this place makes my mouth water.  I can't wait to stop back next time I am in NO.
Best breakfast in town I'd say.  Disagree?  recommend something better.  I dare ya :)Best Crab Balls ever. The ambiance is nice and they have great food. I will go back.The service wasn't service. The worst service I have experienced that made my party and I get up and leave. We arrived and waited to be seated. We waited for at least 10 minutes before any communication of any sort. They saw us, the waitress barely acknowledged us but she did. We were seated and given 2 menus for a party of three. The waitress disappeared for so long I got up and got my own menu. Then we waited for our order to be taken. We waited and waited and waited.....we did get to watch every other customer that was seated after us receive some sort of service. That was enough, we had to leave. I understand places are busy but to not even communicate with your customer is just plain unacceptable. No excuses. I will never be back and will never recommend this restaurant.Poor menu
Not very many choices. 
Staff is over at bar reading newspaper instead of working. "If you got time to lean you got time to clean"
Place could use a new menu new service and new look. 
Wouldn't be back. To many other better places for better / less price.The food and atmosphere is great.  The waitress was great and I will always come back for more.  My Aunt Jane wanted me to say she loved the place.Good for breakfast / brunch. Went there for dinner and it was mediocre. If you like french toast or like sweet things, you must try the Lost Bread. Hands down it is the best thing to get =)We came here for a late-ish breakfast and were not disappointed.  Much like you'd except from a place with "coffee" in it's name, their coffee was some of the best I've had in my life - smooth, not bitter and flavorful without beating you over the head with it.  I miss it.  I also miss the Eggs Sardou.  Shutituprightnow, that dish is AH-MAZE-ZING.  Really. I've had a ton of Eggs Benedict in my life, it's my favorite breakfast/brunch dish, hands down.  I've had Eggs Sardou before.  Tons.  But this Eggs Sardou was just out-freaking-standing.  The spinach was cooked perfectly, without any bitterness and wasn't overly creamy - the spinach flavor really shined.  Now you can offer me artichoke hearts on a used flip flop and I'll eat 'em cuz I LOVE 'em but TOCP does something - something awesome - to theirs that just made the dish explode with flavor.
Just so you know I'm not some TOCP kiss-ass, I will offer up a negative... I was robbed of one of my artichoke hearts.  One English Muffin had a lovely plump heart and the other had a sad little sliver of artichoke.  I suffered in silence.
Oh, one more kinda-sorta negative...they should really offer a fruit plate or something light for folks not wanting a big breakfast.  All my companion could get was a banana.  Wahh wahh wahhhhh.Food horrible.  Seemed like it is precooked and then heated.  Both dishes we ordered came cold.
Staff very friendly.Surely after your drunken debaucherous escapades in the French Quarter you'll be requiring a next-level breakfast, and while by rule I must deduct one star for the large autographed poster of Guy Fieri by the front door, the Old Coffee Pot otherwise thoroughly delivers. Our go-tos are the Lost Bread, an addictively sweet creole take on French toast, and the Eggs Sardou, which beds poached eggs on creamed spinach and artichoke hearts, topped by some serious Hollandaise. Pow-pow! Your brekky is best enjoyed at the outdoor tables with a view of Saint Peter Street, so you can take in quality early morning people watching while you fill up on coffee and pull yourself together again at a leisurely pace.Great food but terrible service from Menia. No offer to refill coffee. Couldn't find her way back to the table until the check came. Really frustrating when the food was so good.Absolutely loved it.  Great location and good food.  The only downside was the singing waitress.  Big proud wonderfully-toned voice...but a bit off-key so a little painful.I was recently in the French Quarter and was walking around on a Wednesday morning with my wife and two kids looking for a place to have breakfast. We found the Coffee Pot and had the best breakfast experience we had in New Orleans on our stay, and we ate at all the reputable breakfast stops. ( Brennan's and The Blue Bird among a few) This place has the greatest waitstaff and man what an omelette. We really enjoyed it and after a few other breakfast we regretted not sticking with what worked.We were greeted by the most kurt unfriendly waitress.  They didn't bring my wife's bacon.  I ordered an omelette with no onions and home fries.  I got an omelette with tons of onions and grits.  The waitress did apologize and halved my bill.  But, it was a breakfast gone bad.   The coffee was good.I'm a foodie, so trust me when I say this place has the best grits, corn beef hash, biscuits, and bread pudding. Nuff said!I really wanted this to be a good experience.  We had a group of 7 people and the food took forever.  In fact, we were going to leave but the manager stopped us and offered a free meal if we would come back and try again.  We ate our meal, but never went back.  Nothing was spectacular about this place other than it being convenient to our hotel.  I'm not sure that i'll ever go back.I loved The Old Coffee Pot! I had breakfast 2 days in a row here. I usually don't do that, but the food was delicious! I believe that is family owned and you get that vibe, which is always nice to know. One of the servers gave a buddy of mine the nickname "butter" due to the fact that he had a lot of trouble opening the butter packet...the name fits well I suppose.
Anyway, I'm not sure about other meals but everything that we tried was super good during breakfast hours. So here are the highlights of the yumminess:
-Lost Bread : Big pieces of French Toast NOLA style, can be eaten by itself
-I can't remember what breakfast combo it was called, but there is one dish that had eggs, ham, grits, and a cala cake (I wasn't a huge fan of the cala cake, but I could see it being a delectable treat for someone else).
-Red Beans and Rice: Super gooooooood!!Came in during the late afternoon to have a quick bite.  Fries are very good, so is the chicken and andouille gumbo with a side of cornbread (an additional $4, pricey considering but good IMO).  
A must try is the Cala Cake, a deep fried confection from the 1800's.  Blend of rice, Caribbean & African spices, pecans, and sugar.  Have this with some coffee.  Yummm!The breakfast was fantastic. I had the lost bread french toast and hubbs had the biscuits and gravy that has sausage links and eggs. The gravy is awesome. Gotta learn how to make it. The French toast was great also.This place is unreal. We walk in and nobody was here and we almost left, but sat down and ordered the Fried Chicken with sausage gravy and biscuits. It was probably one of the best things I've ever eaten. You have to get it. We are coming back tomorrow!Now I know why I've never been in The Old Coffee Pot Restaurant... food marginal at best.  Chicken sandwich tough and no flavor, red beans were really disappointing and the slab of cornbread was cold and sweet... and the server was confused from the very beginning.So I was in NO with 7 other friends to celebrate over the weekend prior to the weekend before Fat Tuesday. We mostly ate out over the course of four days. Our first stop was The Old Coffee Pot Restaurant on St. Peter between Bourbon and Royal. This spot has a reputation for breakfast eats but we arrived around 9ish on a Thursday night. There were a few tables taken but overall the place was pretty quiet.  The special for that day was half poboy sandwiches and gumbo.
We all pretty much had variations (shrimp, oyster, catfish) of the special along with the 2 for 1 drink special. We all were partial to the bread--in general I think bread is key to a good poboy--and the bread they used was fresh, not too hard and lightly buttered. The catfish was fried to perfection with just a hint of seasoning. Now for the gumbo they offered seafood and chicken and I went with seafood. The flavoring was slightly off--it didn't really have the seafood flavoring but it was okay. The chicken gumbo was better so I would suggest trying a cup of that first. The prices were moderate especially with the 2 for 1 drinks so if you happen to be passing by I would say give it a try.This place was a pleasant surprise this AM. Also a quick walk from Bourbon Orleans Hotel. We enjoyed everything, from the moment we were welcomed by Gaynel to our last drop of coffee. Loved the Callas & lost bread, a delicious change from the beingets from the popular spot a few blocks away IMO might be my new favorite in NOLA.  Everything was simple but fresh & flavorful. Definitely adding to our NOLA go-to list.  Can't wait to go back and try more dishes thanks again to Gaynel for the warm hospitality. Krewe from ChicagoHit this place up on a Sunday around noon.  Service was awful, but the food was worse.  The gumbo was all salt with a few small shrimp swimming in it.  Saltiest soup type dish I've ever had anywhere, condensed Campbell's is more palatable.First of all, if you visit NOLA you need to understand there's two types of servers. One is downright pleasant as a southerner can be and the other is a take no gruff sarcastic, but playful fun server. It's a different lifestyle down here. As someone who lived there for a decade and a half I can tell you this place was tasty, fun, and the staff was great. The server sang my uncle happy birthday and another tune that just about made us cry and definitely gave us chills. Was she sassy and demanded we nurse our hangovers with bloodies and mimosas? Yes, hair of the dog people. Was she sassy and told us to stay off our phones? Yes, because we should be enjoying each other and not our devices. That's why we were together to eat. Did she sass my aunt when she asked for iced coffee? Yes, she said you mean coffee with ice? We laughed and laughed. Moral of the story is don't be uptight in New Orleans.Went for breakfast and was really disappointed. I expected good eats based on the reviews here. Instead I got really hard lost bread, lukewarm eggs with un melted cheese and sausage that looked like a McDonald's sausage patty. I was not impressed or satisfied.Took a little bit to get seated, but service was great afterwards, and oh what good food. Got the Louisiana Trio (jambalaya, gumbo, red beans n rice), an appetizer that filled me right up, and was just delicious. The interior is very quaint and typical of the French Quarter.C'est Bon! My favorite place for a delicious quick bite to eat. Their cornbread tastes so good, make you wanna slap yo' mama! To waitress Ashley, thank you for the tips & awesome service!Here's a bit of advice:  If a restaurant is named "The Old Coffee Pot," don't go there for dinner.  Most of the negative reviews (including someone coming out of the restaurant) were regarding dinner service, while most of the positive reviews were for breakfast.  
While it's a bit pricey for breakfast (expect to pay about $15-20 per person), if you don't order a standard "egg and ham" breakfast, you're in for a real treat.  We went there twice, and the highlights were:  1) Callas ("cally") cakes, 2) grits and grillades, 3) french toast.  (The soul omelet was merely good...)I want to love this place. It's quaint, family owned and the waitresses are personable and memorable. Shirley is nothing short of amazing, and she even sang a spiritual for us while we ate our brunch. Everything was served "with love." I just wish that the food had been exceptional when compared to other nearby options. The menu had some creative and fresh omelette and scramble options not available elsewhere, and all of the breakfast items were above average. There was just nothing that stood out or that was so good that I feel that I would have to return. I observed the creole and cajun entrees others ordered, and it looked just fine -- but just not so enticing that I would think of returning to experience it. The grits were exceptional, as others have noted. I recommend that the owners revisit the menu but continue to provide the fun and special experience."Feel the love" that's their motto and you sure will feel it from the staff and from the food. 
Went here for breakfast, and boy was it good. I had the calla cakes and my friend had the eggs Johnathon, both were great. I had to come back the next morning for the love and the food. 
This is truly a gem. It's a small place, but certainly worth any wait you may have. By far this has been my favorite dining experience in New Orleans.Being obsessed with New Orleans culture and history, we made our first stop on our 2-day, action packed trip at the Old Coffeepot. Having read the story of calla (or cala) cakes and finding out this place is the only breakfast spot still making them, we needed to taste this delicious ball of history. 
Calla cakes are fried rice balls, with or without pecans, covered in powdered sugar and served with syrup. The grits on the side were equally wonderful. 
Skip the beignets and try some calla cakes before this piece of New Orleans history disappears.Food well below average. Had the Eggs Jonathan. Poach eggs where pretty much hard boiled; potato chips where actually potato squares from a packet and not crunchy (seemed like they were cooked earlier); bacon was more like a slice of lean ham; the 'biscuits' are just ordinary scones served with airplane butter and jam samples. Nothing to rave about.
Poaching eggs to be hard boiled is a sin in my opinion :(
Positives are - Nice atmosphere and setting. Waiters are very polite although it took 15mins to get a menu to us.Ask for Pearl.  I have been going to here since 1993.  I often get the jumbalaya or the gumbo.  The food is authentic cajun, spicey and delicious.  I think they have the best seafood gumbo I have every had.  I try to visit before going next door to Patty Os.  If you are lucky enough, snag a seat on the back patio.  My first visit, I couldn't understand why the restrooms were upstairs.Pretty good food.  The wait staff is pretty interesting.  We were kind of scared of our waitress at first, but then she grew on us....
I had the half/half benedict and the spinach one was better than the tomatoe one.  I asked for some extra hollandiase which seemed like a huge inconvienence for them.  The bloody mary was pretty good... no one asked if we wanted more drinks after we were finished.  
Overall I think there are better places to dine.  Not bad, not outstanding either.We stopped by  for lunch on our way out of New Orleans. The food was great, We had crawfish pie, jambalaya, green bean casserole and chicken. Good stuff all around.
When we came in the place was packed and there were a couple large groups. The service started off on the slow side, and they needed to be reminded that my wife had ordered iced tea, but once the crowd thinned out things improved a bit. Still not blazingly fast but not annoying. 
The menu lists beer on tap. They don't have any of that. It also lists several beers in bottles that they don't have. Probably best to check with your server to see what they actually do have before trying to order a beer.
If I was rating the food only I'd be happy to give the place four stars.Wow , what can I say?! The only plus about this place is the building layout which is nicely designed and has a nice ambience. The waitress was half way descent especially after the major f ups done by the kitchen and overall restaurant. Do not get the oj, it's so watered down it reminded my wife of tang, she even had to add sugar. We then received our breakfast after one hour of waiting. I ordered the eggs Jonathan (eggs Benedict with tomato). This is where the old coffee pot train flew off the track. THEY BROUGHT ME EGGS BENEDICT WITHOUT HOLLANDAISE SAUCE!!  The waitress said they were defrosting it in the back , YUK! (so not fresh) . I was so hungry I started to dig in while I waited, I figured worst case  I'll have poached eggs with ham tomato and an English muffin, trying to make the best of it, right ? WRONG! Poached?! obviously these ppl don't know how to cook either, the eggs were cooked so long they were hard boiled. On top of that, the English muffins weren't toasted and the tomato was slimey, UGH!!!
Just to finish off the story , I ate what was edible which was not much. The waitress ends up bringing me the small cup of hollandaise about 30 min after bringing us our food. I told her I didn't need it, obvious to only me and everyone else in the world!!! She then whispers "I told the cook not to send out the food but he told me to take it anyways". So in conclusion , this restaurant has HORRIBLE cooks with no type of quality control. Do yourself a favor and go try one of the other dozens of restaurants around the French quarter. So Much better. This place needs to just close down.Delicious. Shrimp and grits and chicken stuffed with crab, green bean casserole, a plump juicy shrimp and a flaky, fluffy biscuit. Good Lawd. We got the crawfish pie to go, of course.I love the look of this place and the food was promising. Cash only tho! Make sure to bring it. Unfortunately, it didn't deliver. My Bloody Mary was bland, no spice. My husband and I both got a dish that had poached eggs, and the eggs were over cooked. Nothing worse than cutting into one and no runny yolk! The potatoes were also without much seasoning. We got good service tho, so that was a plus!! Thank you to our waitress. All in all, probably wouldn't go back.Brunch here is pretty good.  My bf's catfish po boy was better than my cala cakes but we were both satisfied.  I ordered the cala cakes (w/pecans) more out of curiosity than anything.  They're deep fried spiced rice balls sprinkled with powder sugar and served with maple syrup.  Leave it to the South to make something so innocuous as plain rice artery-clogging!  I'm sure the cakes were prepared well, but the whole thing was just too cinnamon-y and sweet for me.  The grits that they came with were really good though, ultra rich and creamy.
My bf's fried catfish po boy was really good.  I guess it's hard to mess up a po boy if you have a fresh loaf and some fresh fish.  It was stuffed full of hot flaky fish.  It was made even better with a dash of the Louisiana hot sauce found in every restaurant in New Orleans.Although there appears to be a problem among management for retaining enough service staff, you can't go wrong with this spot for breakfast. My favorite omelet is Rockefeller $12.95     
Fresh creamed spinach, oysters, onion, bell pepper, and cheese. Don't get put off by oysters with your eggs as it's really delicious. Just be prepared to wait for it and you need to climb steps to the second floor to use the customer bathroom.This location was one of the stops on the food tour that I went on, but the food was so good that I went back for a late dinner that night! I had read that this was a top 10 place to have breakfast at, but I simply wasn't in town long enough to try it. However, the gumbo here was my favorite that I sampled while I was in town. (Like I said, I came back later just to eat it again). Their jambalaya was good as well, but the gumbo was just amazing. When I came back for dinner (around 11pm), I had a cup of the gumbo and their Barbecue shrimp . I thought the shrimp were pretty tasty, and one of my top 3 places that serves this dish. My mom ordered the crab and Andouille gumbo, which had a really good portion of crab in the soup. 
I really wanted to come back here for another meal, but there just wasn't enough time. This place is unique as you can sit inside in what used to be the house, or you can sit where they would bring in the carriages. The service here was very good, and the restaurant itself was beautiful (gorgeous chandelier and mirror on the inside).
Highly recommend this restaurant.Great spot tucked away next to the scary Bourbon Street 
Not a fancy place , and that's how I like it when on vacation 
You feel like you are really at home here and the food is more of a 
High octane version. Exciting flavors and nice portions. You can't find friendlier
People and they will not rush you. We had the jambalaya and a Po Boy
Catfish sandwitch.   Both were really good, and tasted way more exciting than 
The food at one of the expensive spots around the corner 
We also had pralines cheesecake that was epic good.  Yah that good 
Seek this place out, especially if it's raining and those other places you were thinking about going to are packed .First class food. Every time we come to New Orleans we have breakfast here. Willa mae is the best. The lost bread of course is to die for. There was 5 of us and the service could not be better not enough nice things to say about this place.Getting a table is not the easiest. They have a sign asking you to wait to be seated but don't actually come out to seat you very often. The menu was excellent though. We had lunch and then breakfast the next day. The waitress was very friendly (one not serving us was not) and we enjoyed our visit. The lost bread and callas cakes were very good and I liked the gumbo quite a bit. It is really a place worth trying out when wandering around the French Quarter.What a great place for breakfast. Unique creole dishes to match the friendly staff. From creole pancakes to crab cakes Benedict everything is great and reasonably priced for the Quarter. 
Try the hash as a side dish.Came here for lunch because we were in the French Quarter and the name stood out because it was funny.  I got the crawfish étouffée.  It was good!  The dish was really good and it was a lot of food.  Saved my leftovers for a snack!we are locals and we love our city and our food. we saw a show about this place ,so we gave it a try today. tourist trap. the food was not a portrayal of new orleans. the shrimp were cold and small. the local gas stations have better po-boys. the jambalaya had no meat to speak of.it tasted like rice and tomatoes. we left very disappointed.do not ask for anything off the dinner menu at 2 pm. they will not do such a thing. do not waste your money and it is not cheap. for 3 people our bill was 65.00.try k-pauls .the food and service is great. also try elizabeths it is real new orleans foodMy good friend and I decided to have breakfast at this quaint cafe in the Quarter. We're both locals, but wanted to play tourists. Our first impression upon walking in was made by a rude woman standing behind the counter who, when asked if we could sit outside, replied, "If you want," as she dismissed us with a wave of her hand. Ignoring that, it took over twenty minutes to receive our orders. We ordered a variation of eggs Benedict and "Creole" eggs with "housemade" home fries (supposedly made from scratch). The eggs Benedict came with melted butter dumped on top, instead of Hollandaise sauce; and the"Creole" eggs were simply scrambled with a gob of marinara sauce on top. Needless to say, the potatoes were unimpressive, and not housemade at all, soft and cubed - they were obviously previously frozen. Also, for some unknown reason, the credit card machine "broke" and they began only accepting cash. And instead of iced coffee, the waitress simply poured hot coffee over ice and served the diluted beverage without apology. We returned our dishes, very disappointed. What a waste of a beautiful courtyard.While in New Orleans this past October my friends and I decided to try the Old Coffee Pot for brunch and I am so glad we did! 
When we arrived we were seated right away at a table near the bar-perfect! We ordered a round of mimosa's and coffee and then started to look over the menu. Our server was awesome and very helpful. Obviously we were from out of town and she knew it. She made some recommendations and gave us some time to look over the menu. When she returned with out drinks we were ready to order. I went with the French Toast (with real french bread). 
My friends and I chatted and before we knew it the food was arriving! Both of my friends ordered biscuits so I had to take a bite of their-so good and fresh. My french toast was pretty damn good and I really did eat all of it. 
As we were getting ready to pay our tab and leave our server came over to our table and Serenaded us with a Whitney Houston song-HOLY CRAP-she had an amazing voice and hit all the high notes. The entire restaurant stopped talking and we all just enjoyed the show. By the time she was finished we all applauded her and the restaurant went crazy. We had no idea we would get brunch and a show! What a great deal. 
Overall, this was a great brunch experience with delicious food. I will be back and I will recommend this for anyone in the area. Check it out. 
Oh, they don't split checks so be sure you either have cash if you go with a group.So disappointing! Our first night in New Orleans and we stumbled in here. I wish we hadn't! They ran out of almost everything on the menu and what we did order took FOREVER to get. Of the 7 things we ordered, we only got three--they ran out if corn bread, all red wines other than merlot, kids mac n' cheese, and crab cakes. The food at least wasn't bad; it was mediocre, but that's the best thing I can say about this place.Great service and amazing food in a nice small, quaint restaurant.  You have to order the gumbo, which is delicious and one of the best I tried in the French Quarter..This place is wonderful.  I went there for dinner one day and then breakfast the next.  For dinner I had the Crawfish bisque but I had to send it back because it was very salty.  So, I got the fried shrimp and catfish in its place and I was very pleased.  I dined outside but there was an issue of things floating in my beverages (possibly from the roof).  But the waiter replaced my drinks with no problem. The next day I ordered an omelette with spinach, tomatoes, cheese, potatoes and grits on the side.  It was DELICIOUS!  I can't wait to go back.  And the waitresses were absolutely WONDERFUL and charming.Had breakfast here one morning simply because I wanted an omelet and after seeing pictures on Yelp of the food, was sold.  Once I arrived, I didn't order the omelet I craved, but the Plantation breakfast.  The Calla cakes were delicious. I tried to describe them as sweet hush puppies because the calla cakes have the same texture, but apparently that causes people to cringe. So, now I say that the calla cakes are like thicker donut holes.  I personally don't think that does the calla cake justice, because they are much better than donut holes.
Anyway, I digress... back to the meal.  My calla cakes came with an egg (prepared how I liked), creamy grits, and a ham steak. Very simple meal, but it hit the spot.  The serving size was substantial but not excessive.  It was enough food to hold me over to a late lunch.  My husband ordered the Sis Soul meal and I didn't hear him speak for the rest of breakfast.  Very relaxing indeed.
The servers were passive aggressive in their demeanor.  Have you ever met anyone who can insult you while smiling,  and make you feel good about yourself even though you're being insulted?  I haven't, not until I came to this restaurant. But don't get me wrong - this isn't a con, but a pro of this restaurant. I found it entertaining.Sorry to say but we just had a bad experience with the wait staff. Greeted warmly, made to feel at home but it was all wasted when those sat 10 mins after us were served well before our meal was even submitted to the kitchen. Unfortunate at best. Too much gossip going on amongst staff to keep them on their toes and doing what they are there for.I loved the food, the coffee, the atmosphere, everything. I ordered the breakfast combo which was lost bread, some kind of sweet rice balls i forget the name of, & a yogurt parfait. The lost bread is D E L I C I O U S!! The rice ball things were not my favorite, but good nonetheless! My cold brew coffee was also great. I would return again just for the Lost Bread!! It sounds like it would be similar to french toast, but it's really not. It's a very thin piece of bread deep fried with powdered sugar on top, so it's nice & crispy & hot & sweet & ugh just so good. I highly recommend it!Overrated..not good at all, dont even come here,prices dont fit the food...very disappointedAll I can say is the breakfast was out of this world. It's a really small restaurant you would pass it if you weren't paying attention. It's a must try when in New Orleans. The service and hospitality was wonderful. You get enough food to last all day.Love this place. Stopped by for lunch. The "Triple D" entree was perfectly prepared and seasoned. My son ordered the catfish po'boy which was crisp and tasty. Our server was friendly and attentive. We have found a new favorite restaurant for our next visit to New Orleans.Had a wonderful breakfast with my fiancé at this French quarter hangout on Monday morning. The restaurant was bustling at 8:30 in the morning - filled with groups of all ages. We sat at a table in the corner - great view of the room and the people. We ordered the callas cakes and an omelet. The callas cakes were cinnamon-y and had pecans throughout. They tasted amazing and came with 4 on the plate - perfect to share. The omelet was the typical omelet - nothing special but still good. Then mid-way through paying the check, one of the waitresses began singing - she was amazing and the whole restaurant was entranced. It was a fabulous find - very glad we ate there.I asked more than a handful of guides/locals where the best gumbo and jambalaya can be found in the French Quarter and the majority lead me to The Old Coffee Pot. 
After my visit, the food didn't impress me, but I'm convinced they're popular for 3 reasons:
1) This is a historic eatery in NOLA, serving food for more than 100 years.
2) Guy Fieri featured this spot on Triple D
3) It's the only building that survived a horrific fire on St. Peters street many decades ago, hence the reason why this building has Spanish influenced architecture whereas the adjacent buildings have modern ones.
----The Food----
Seafood Gumbo ($5.95/cup)-  Despite having a lot of tiny gulf shrimp and Louisiana crab meat in this meal, it's one of the least enjoyable gumbo's I've tasted.  The consistency is more thin and watery than I'd like and the fish smell is extremely prominent.  I don't question that they use fresh products and it does seem moronic to rag on a seafood dish for being too fishy, but the smell was different...close to being inedible for me.  I contemplated asking for lemon to squeeze into it.  However, most of my group enjoyed it, so I could be in the minority.  Try it at your own risk. 
Jambalaya ($14.95)- Although not the best jambalaya I had during my NOLA trip, (Stanley near Jackson Square has that honor) this particular jambalaya was respectably tasty.  Generous with the protein, it has grilled chicken breast, smoked Andouille sausage, Louisiana spices, and baked long grain rice.  I did like the consistency as the rice mimicked a type of sticky rice.
----
Conclusion: I can't vouch for the gumbo, but the jambalaya and atmosphere of this place may be worth a stop into The Old Coffee Pot.  I felt the service could be friendlier though, but as I expressed in many of my NOLA reviews, the service in the French Quarter veers towards the terrible side of things.
Extra Notes:
-Accepts credit card
-Very beautiful, Spanish decor, projecting a charming environment
-Service needs improvement
-Restrooms could be cleanerThis is a must stop for brunch every time I'm in NOLA. Great food, great service and a homey feeling. Have a Cailia cake!Quaint old local favorite. We both ordered fleur de lis chicken. It was absolutely everything I was hoping for and then some. The chicken was cooked perfectly and it was moist. The bed of green bean casserole with the sweet potato chunks was a good base. The crab cake topped with  shrimp and the sauce completed the chicken magnificently.    
The restaurant itself is decorated quaintly. The rose chandelier is beautiful. This a great quiet place to come for a good New Orleans  meal. They are not open for dinner though so go for lunch and you will not be disappointed.VEGANS!! You CAN eat with your friends in the French Quarter! Among a growing number of venues close to the music in the FQ, count in the coffee pot! It isn't on the menu, but I explained to our server my needs and the chef whipped my up s fantastic grilled vegetable Po' Boy! I was able to dine with my friends without feeling like Iit was an imposition! They all enjoyed their Oyster and Shrimp Po' Boys and Gumbo and  we all had a great time before going to Preservation Hall to hear the real thing! HUGE THANKS!!Service was great and super friendly.  There was a line for brunch.  I had the creole style eggs, which were underwhelming, but also had the french toast, which was super good.  Super fried like a beignet and worth it.  A little heavy & actually can fill you up by itself if you aren't starving.Love this little Dinners Drive-Ins and Dives spot. Accidentally stumbled on it years ago after Red Dress Run. Located right near Pat O's and Preservation Hall. 
Eat the red beans here, but beware of the HUGE serving. It could feed two! I would reccomend the NOLA Sampler that comes with 3 cups: gumbo, seafood bisque and red beans. 
I wish I could give this place 5 stars, but the service was god awful.Callas cakes: cinnamon rice cakes with optional addition of pecans. Served with powdered sugar and syrup. Tasty.
Otherwise, standard breakfast fare. 
Service was slow but not bad. It felt like they were low on wait staff.Went here because we got it confused with the Gumbo Shop.  I've been to New Orleans a ton of times, and this is the worst food I have ever eaten in the city.  Don't waste your time.  There are too many great places to eat in New Orleans!!  
Thank goodness our waitress was so sweet and apologetic for everything they DIDN'T have or we would have walked out!Worst service ever. Poor excuse of waiters antagonize customers. Forgot to bring biscuits and made up excuse saying that it was in the oven even though they were sitting on the counter the entire time. Added orange juice and auto gratuity to bill even though we didn't order oj and only had 3 people in our party. Had to argue with waiter to get charges removed. 
Poor excuse of a restaurant. Mediocre food at best. Never go here.AUTOMATIC TIP SCAM! 
This place automatically charges you a "service charge" for every meal and it's a total rip off. 
The food was ok at best, the service was rushed and the employees were rude. Two people should not get an AUTOMATIC TIP on the bill. When the waitress brought back the bill it had an $8 service charge on it. I asked what that was for and was told "it's for the waiters, the bartender, everyone." I asked for a menu. NOWHERE on the menu did it say that there would be an automatic "service charge" or tip of any kind for parties less than 5. I said I wouldn't pay it. The waitress became REALLY angry. I asked to see the manager. She stomped away. Came back 5 minutes later and said the manager was busy and that he wouldn't come down. I told her there is no way I'm paying for a service charge - the tip is MY choice, not theirs, especially WHEN IT'S NOT ON THE MENU! No sign, nothing to tell you ahead of time. 
This place is a scam for tourists. AVOID!I must have eaten here 20 times and I've never had a bad experience or one bite of food that wasn't just about perfect. I like the Eggs Jonathan a lot. The staff is always jovial and friendly, but will tell you quickly to get your phone off the table. We go here every time we go to New Orleans and will continue to do so for as long as possible. If you find yourself lucky enough to be dining at The Old Coffee Pot, DO NOT forget to get some of Mrs. Pearl's bread pudding. If you're out there Ms. Pearl... Respect!Calas, grits and a Bloody Mary!  You can't and won't go wrong with this trio.  The service, well, it can only be described as a "Hoot"!  Our waitress was a warm, engaging, down-home girl who has been serving there since, well let's say, forever.  
There have been lines and a wait every time we've gone, but there is a reason - it's so damn delicious. Plain and simple. If you can overlook the wait, you will leave rubbin' yer belly.Tried the calas cakes with pecan nuts.  I'm not a big fried food fan but felt I had to have these and they were quite good, hot and with lots of powdered sugar.  The grits had a good consistency too.  Plus was definitely the very cheerful waitress who "forced" some other tourists to forego the boring two eggs for some real soul food.  I loved having breakfast here (I was by myself).  Only little note is that the coffee could be stronger.Came here for breakfast on a Tuesday.  The menu offers a lot of options for breakfast lunch and dinner. The biscuits and gravy was absolutely delicious. We also had the crawfish omelette and the crab cakes (dinner option). Both are very tasty options as well. Service... was fantastic! Teresa gave us friendly service and attended all our needs. It's a beautiful restaurant, decent pricing, and great service.The service was less than exceptional. Because the menu's state breakfast is over at a certain hour and we were getting close to that hour when we arrived, I asked for clarification. The response we received was "I gave you the menu with breakfast options right?" So, perhaps someone was having a bad day, or attempting to give us a bad day, but it didn't work and we were given another server. 
In short: the menu's have not been updated.
The food: we had breakfast and I believe it's called the Plantation breakfast as it has a biscuit, eggs, bacon, potatoes, and calla cakes. Apparently this is the only place that still makes calla cakes. Our friend also ordered the crawfish pies, I don't recall the name on the menu, but she enjoyed them although she said there was not enough crawfish for her taste. 
It was good for the price, it was busy around 11am but folks were leaving within a reasonable time and there didnt seem to be a wait. The singing server sang a birthday song to one of the patrons, but that was all we heard. It's NOLA, so music is everywhere, even if it's something you wouldn't pay to hear, it's part of the cities charm.Love it! We had an amazing breakfast. Calla cakes and po'boy French toast. Good New Orleans feel, real southern food. Sat outside in the terrace-perfect atmosphere.I ordered delivery which took about an hour and the food was cold when it got here (I was about 1 mile away). The Jambalaya was alright but pretty dry and bland. I also ordered the side salad which was just watery iceberg lettuce and did not have cherry tomatoes or croutons as the menu stated. I definitely would not eat here again.Enjoyed a lovely breakfast with some good ole smack talking! Wonderful crab cake benedict with home frites.This place is actually called The Old Coffee Pot Restaurant.  Sit in the courtyard and order the Lost Bread.  It's similar to French Toast.  Everything else ranges from acceptable to just fine, but that stuff will wake you up months later thinking  "Wow, I wish I had some Lost Bread right now!"This place was amazing. The servers had a slight brashness mixed with southern hospitality that made us feel at home. Big portions for the money. Delicious food. We'll be back.This was the worst service I have ever received in a restaurant, ever. The waitress slapped the hand of one of the girls at our table who didn't touch the toast she ordered. refused to split the check. food was nothing special. 
go somewhere else.Cute, quaint place tucked away on St Peter Street. (If you blink, you will walk right past it so watch out for it). Great service and great food! The Lost Bread or the delicious twist to the traditional French toast meal. My husband enjoyed it. The Creole sauce was yummy on my eggs too!  I'm glad we stopped in today!Ordered the crab cakes with sweet potato hash and green bean casserole. All were delicious! A huge portion, was well worth the price. My BF had the catfish po' boy which he enjoyed. Our server Julie was very friendly and sweet and I loved the decor of the restaurant. Will absolutely return here next time I'm in NOLA!Tasty Po Boys and very delicious crepes but prices were on the higher side. Cute atmosphere though. If you're looking for a nicer brunch place this might not be the pick. This has a more laid back and historical feel.Wonderful (sassy) staff. We went for a bachelorette weekend brunch and they actually serenaded the bride! The woman had an amazing voice and totally made the experience. Eggs Jonathon is delicious: eggs benedict with tomato and special hollandaise sauce. Grits and biscuits are amazing. The shrimp poboy is overflowing and really fresh shrimp. Great place!Awesome biscuits and omelets in a place with a lot of local charm. I had a shrimp omelet and potatoes and it was wonderful. The staff can seem a little grumpy but they mean well. It was worth standing in line for a table. Reasonable prices too.Maybe we were just starving, but I thought this place was delicious!  After we were too late for breakfast at our original restaurant choice, I suggested The Old Coffee Pot.  It had been on my "must visit" list for a while.
We sat in the courtyard, it was actually a perfect weather day, a rarity in NO, so that just added to our experience.
At first I was a little skeptical of the service, but since I was starving, as long as I was brought the food I wanted, I wasn't feeling particular.  Turns out, our waitress was indeed a pistol but she was highly entertaining.  It was a little like eating at mama's house- she fussed at us for not clearing our plates, told us not to make a mess, it was really hilarious.
Now the food.
Great menu selection....Eggs Sardou, creole pancakes, poboys, gumbo...
I got the Plantation Breakfast: eggs your way, ham steak, potatoes...and callas cakes.  If you've never had these, wow.  Long grain rice & sweet spices rolled in a ball & deep fried with powdered sugar.  Sweet & savory, my favorite.  And since I was nursing a decent hangover, this wasn't the day for whole wheat toast.  Bring on the giant biscuit!  So good, I had a great mix of carbs & protein for my recovery, but I did need a fruit....so I slapped on some grape jelly!  WOOHOO!
A great meal & experience all around, I can't wait to go back & get one of the specialty omelets...or the pancakes...or the gumbo...The customer service is not the old coffee pot, Sorry I won't be back.right in the middle of New Orleans French Quarter. nice dinning atmosphere, food is good and comes out quick, price is what you expect for sea food. service is fast and friendly. there is a public restroom upstairs, which can be hard to find in the French Quarters. parking is hard to find and you'll most likely have to walk far, parking is also expensive.The Colonel and I went here several times during out NOLA vacation last July. Delicious, enormous plates of food. Hefty, generous sides, and attentive staff. The setting is pretty, the location is central, and prices seemed reasonable for what you get. The one weird thing is, the coffee is pretty terrible.The best gumbo in New Orleans '!and the ladies will treat you right dining there is like dining with family ..wilameana ,Gayla,Shirley and Pearl we love you!!!try the lost bread it's amazing!!!redfish amazing !chicken gumbo keeps me coming back every trip and the authentic New Orleans serviceMy boyfriend and I asked the guy at the front desk of our hotel for a good breakfast spot and he recommended the Old Coffee Pot without thinking twice. The outdoor seating looked great and they had provided huge heaters because it was such a cold morning, which was nice. 
We knew to wait to be seated because of the sign, so we did as middle aged southern women ran about and directed traffic. One such lady summoned us, "Two? Follow me. " and ushered us inside. 
The inside was incredibly busy but had a great, warm feel. The servers were all exceptional with the southern hospitality of legend and a crassness that made us feel even more at home. 
Apparently they were on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, but you can tell the fame didn't change the character and spirit of this place. 
Now the food. It all sounded good. I had the Eggs Conti which was absolutely amazing. The liver gravy was perfect and my eggs cooked just the way I liked them. My boyfriend had the Eggs Creole, which was just ok. Nothing to write home about. Just a scramble with vegetables and creole sauce, which could've been spectacular but was just mediocre. Not bad. Not exceptional. I think Goldie locks would've kept looking...
The grits though. Oh my god the grits. Perfect consistency, it looked like chunks of butter were still melting in them when they arrived. They were the best grits I've ever eaten. Also their biscuits are phenomenal.  And the food comes out very quickly. 
Randomly a server just busted out singing, causing everyone to fall silent. Not sure why. Wasn't a birthday or anything. But that woman sure could sing!!! And judging by the lack of surprise on the other servers' faces I think this happens fairly often, which is good cause she was so talented! 
All in all I would definitely go back, just make sure to order smart!Loved this place for dinner.  The waitress was fantastic, the shrimp and grits so tasty, the black voodoo lager nice and dark and cold and the price tag totally reasonable.  Maybe I'll check it out for breakfast tomorrow morning before I head out of town, I hear that's what they're known for.Saw this place on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives, and decided to stop by.  Had the Triple D Special.  Fleur de lis chicken with gumbo and green bean casserole.  Was a little disappointed with the portion size (they make everything look huge on TV), but this was one of THE BEST meals of my life.  Gumbo was spot-on, and the chicken was melt-in-your mouth tender.  Had a Seventh Street Wheat beer which paired well with the meal.  Byron the waiter was engaging and friendly.  He's from Minnesota, so he's Mid-Western nice.  Sat inside on a late Thursday afternoon, so it wasn't busy.  Patio area was clean and welcoming.  Would definitely go again but for breakfast instead.Michael had the crab balls, which he loved and I had breakfast for dinner. I ordered scrambled eggs, house potatoes and biscuits smothered in gravy. I could not leave NOLA without tying a good ol' southern breakfast. It was all delicious and hit the spot. 
Why 4 stars? we saw a roach on the way out coming from inside the restaurant ... no thank you!!I first heard about this restaurant on a television program talking about the historical significance of the Cala Cakes.  I specifically visited to try them out.  
My cousin and I shared one Cala Cake.  It's a really tasty treat.  The Eggs Creole were also quite good.  The service was fine, not the best I've ever had but definitely not bad service. 
I read some of the other comments.  I didn't notice an automatic gratuity so I can't speak to that.  But I would definitely visit again.Trying to find any restaurant that wasn't insanely loud or a long line, we decided on this location. An older couple walking by told us this was a good place to eat at. Being tired and hungry, this was all we needed to hear. 
The setup is a little strange. Seat yourself and someone will take your order in a moment. We waited 25 minutes for our food which felt like an eternity especially for the end product. They ran out of oysters at 6:30PM so my friend had to order the fried shrimp po boy. I ordered the BBQ shrimp and it was dissatisfying, so I ordered the gumbo. It was tasteless. The BBQ shrimp came with a lot of sliced pieces of toast that didn't fit the shrimp. I'm not sure what I was supposed to do with the slices. 
The service wasn't very helpful. They never gave us any utensils or napkins. Our waiter also refused to let us pay separate checks. Even when we pointed out that other tables in the restaurants clearly had separate checks and tabs sitting out in the open, he denied it and refused to split the check.Great location and atmosphere.  The service isn't exactly efficient, but friendly. The food was good. Greenbeans are really good. I was disappointed the sweet potatoes had sausage in them. But my fault,  I didn't ask first.Weird on the seating. There is no hostess; just busy waitresses yelling at you to wait outside. They're a very as a matter of fact people working there. I can appreciate that they're just working hard and to not take their tone personally. Now the food is fantastic, worth the wait. I suggest the Bloody Mary.We enjoyed this place. The food and location were great. Also our waitress was sweet. She seemed to take a real interest in the customers who were there and would sing them a song to celebrate their occassion for traveling to New Orleans.Seriously, don't waste your time or money.
Poached eggs were more like hard boiled,  breakfast came out without the Hollandaise sauce, I was told it wasn't ready yet. 
I had to go to the kitchen window 15 minutes later to check on it, it was probably 20 minutes before I got the sauce.
The eggs were served with burnt onion, I mean black burnt.
We were just so disappointed, this being our first breakfast in N.O.
The service was average. Never again.Great food, great people! Truly felt like a home away from home, a comfy kickback to enjoy the food and family that make this town such a unque confluence of people, places, ideas, and values. I ordered a catfish poyboy. Mhmm mhmm good.Good food and atmosphere. Solid breakfast with a little New Orleans twist. Service was poor and the waitress was rude. Plan on spending a long time waiting to get served.Good place to go and listened to good live music. The band had lots of funny jokes and kept the place going. I think I tipped the band more than the waitress, but the place was very busy, which must mean there were people who could appreciate the food.
The food was not memorable, but it was well cooked. The ambiance was good as well, but I guess I should have had the coffee.Wow! Great meal at this place and I'm picky! The Fleur de Lis chicken was awesome!! One of the most perfectly cooked meals I've had in New Orleans.We recently ate breakfast here.  Jonathan was our amazing and most genial server.  Our shrimp and grits dish turned out to be bbq shrimp and grits, not quite what we were expecting, though it was well prepared. We ate it and we were not going to express our disappointment but Jonathan really seemed interested in our dining experience.  Without skipping a beat, nor did we ask, Jonathan presented us with the traditional preparation of shrimp and grits! We were quite full so we took it with us to enjoy later.  Jonathan completely made our breakfast experience wonderful.  He deserves to be recognized for his genuineness.  By the way the biscuits were the most delicious and light that I'd ever eaten EVER!!! Thanks! We look forward to returning and hope Jonathan is there.I have to agree with the other reviews...good food...terrible service. All the wait staff are seniors, so expect slow service. I asked for the eggs Benedict with my eggs scrambled. Our server brought it out with the eggs poached and said the kitchen was really busy? I said I can't eat poached eggs, so I got to wait another 10 minutes while my mom finished her tiny blintzs. I have to say when I finally got my food it was good but not outstanding. 
I can't say I would recommend this place of all the other wonderful places to eat in New Orleans. Don't get trapped by the Travel Channel's review or the line outside.Have been eating here every trip for many many years.  The staff is one reason why.  Love their attitudes, even the snarky ones!  Food has never disappointed.  Can't wait to come back.  Great place to start your day in The Quarter.Amazing breakfast.  Best grits I've ever had in my life.  Service is warm,  Southern and friendly.  So relax,  have a cup of coffee, and enjoy those grits and callas balls!Very disappointed. I had seen this restaurant on Diner's, Drive-in's and Dive's and the waiter at Pat O'Briens recommended it.
First, the server wasn't friendly. Second, at 3pm they are out of jambalaya, don't have biscuits or cornbread and third the seafood gumbo was missing something...oh yeah, seafood! Rice, two tiny shrimp that looked and tasted like they came from a can and no "gumbo" Plus it was warm at best.
Not what you expect with all the good food in NOLA.This place was worth the wait!
The waitress were friendly and did impromptu signing.  We had the oyster rockefeller omelette with grits.  Oh the grits were buttery!only went here to try their callas cakes for dessert after dinner at another restaurant. unfortunately, they only serve their callas cakes with grits (as a breakfast item). we were full from dinner but decided to try them anyway. the callas cakes were not light like beignets. they are deep fried rice balls covered with powdered sugar. beignets are deep fried dough pillows covered with powdered sugar. the grits were okay...would have enjoyed them if we weren't so full already. the place has a nice menu and ambiance so we may return to try something else.Great Breakfast, excellent homemade biscuit.
I had Eggs Sardou which is a pouched egg over creamed spinach, artichoke, and an english muffin.  A lot of great flavors packed into this tasty dish.  The coffee was standard dinner type and the cream was individual cups, but refrigeration was required (score for me).  The biscuit was also solid and you could tell it was homemade.
We also went here for dinner and were not very impressed.  My wife is going to write the dinner review.
I would go back for Breakfast.Tried to get into The Gumbo Shop down the street but the wait was too long. Initially apprehensive about the relative lack of customers at 7 pm on a Wednesday. Waiter was friendly and attentive. Nice selection of local beers. 
I tried the seafood gumbo and the fleur-de-lys chicken, which comes justly recommended: salty, smoky, spicy, with lots of shrimp and white rice. The flavor is intensely seafood without being fishy. There is also a chicken and andouille sausage gumbo that I did not try.Calla cakes were something never tried before and definitely give you the sugar rush. The eggs benedict with tomato and ham was delightful, but I was hoping that the fried shrimp that comes with the dish would have been on the muffin (and not as a side). Worth a trip.One hungry morning roaming around the French Quarter on vacation, we stumbled upon this place.  Had absolutely no idea it was featured on Triple D.  There was no line at this place like there were in most of the hot spots/tourist spots in the area.
Expect to wait a while for service.  I don't know if they're just understaffed or on Big Easy time, but we had to wait quite a bit of time to get seated.  It's a small joint, and the outside patio area was rained out, so real estate was at a minimum.
I should've tried the Triple D special, but I was in the mood for breakfast and needed carbs to fuel for a race I was going to do that weekend.  My friend and I shared a bowl of the seafood gumbo, which was good, and very crabby, as they dumped a whole crab leg into it.  It was really messy to eat though.
I knew I'd be having plenty of jambalaya and gumbo during my trip, so for this particular meail I got the eggs creole, which was ok - basically eggs with creole sauce on it.  Grits were kind of cold and I had to wait a while for my biscuit.  At least it was made fresh.
I tried my friend's Jambalaya and it was just ok... it wasn't as saucy as I'm used to having it.
Overall, the service was great, even though it was quite slow.  You'll get the good ole' southern hospitality here.  The food is just OK.  There are probably better places off the beaten path that are much more worth your wait.I'm happy with the service and the attitude! It is a good place to start your day!Just ok. We were excited after we see the long line earlier in the day, but was disappointed. They were out of corn bread when we ordered the gumbo. The seafood gumbo was pretty water downed and missing half of the main ingredients, as it was only served with shrimp. The po boy bread oyster was ok too. Won't be visiting here againSaw a recent episode of Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives that featured The Old Coffee Pot restaurant. I wouldn't have known about this place otherwise. I had an old friend in town who wanted to meet for dinner. Since she was staying in the quarter, I figured "Why Not"? We were seated right away but believe the reviews that say service is slow. I would also venture to throw in "disinterested". We waited almost 10 minutes for fountain drinks and my iced tea once we ordered. However, the food was served fairly quickly and everything I tried was delicious!
I chose the Fleur de lis Chicken which was a nicely cooked chicken breast topped with a crab meat and crawfish stuffing and a piece of shrimp on top. The side was housemade green bean casserole which was ah-mazing!
My dining companions tried shrimp & grits and the rockafeller oyster dip. The tastes that I had were pretty darn good - too!
After checking out all the Yelp breakfast reviews, I think I'll have to make an excuse to go back, soon!Great place to stop and eat while in the Quarter. We had breakfast...portion size was good, vegetarian options, typical price. We were able to sit outside and enjoy the typical Quarter garden seating. Service was fast. No auto gratuity for us?? That's probably only if you have a party.Wer die Wahl hat, hat die Qual. Im French Quarter in New Orleans trifft das in Bezug auf die Restaurantauswahl mehr denn je zu. Wir aber hatten die Unterstützung unserer privaten Führerin Leah. (Siehe Foto unten) Für ein Lunch in casual ist dies eine gute Wahl. In diesem alten, historischen Gebäude  wie übrigens fast alle im French Quarter  residiert der Coffee Pot seit Ewigkeiten. Der Name Coffee Pot ist etwas irreführend, handelt es sich doch nicht um ein Café sondern um ein Restaurant. Die Ausstattung herrlich rustikal, dem Stil des Hauses angepasst. Die gestandenen Damen der Bedienung in schwarz-weißer Tracht. Schwerpunkte des Menu sind Fisch, Krustentiere, Austern. Aber Trost: Auch Fleischfreunde werden fündig. Die Küche ist regional, somit authentisch für New Orleans. Wir bestellten Oyster Platter ($17,95), Read Beans and Rice ($10,95) und Catfish and Jambal ($16,95). Bodenständige Küche. Dazu ein Cocktail Hurricane ($ 8), ein Iced Tea ($ 2,25) und ein lokales Draft Beer (Abite  $ 3), das unserem Duckstein-Bier ähnelt. Es ist dies keine Küche, die nach den Sternen greift, das gibt es aus europäischer Sicht eh selten in den Staaten. Aber wohl schmeckend und mit den hier üblichen Zutaten angerichtet. Wir waren zufrieden und besuchten das Restaurant am Folgetag wieder. Nachdem die Teller abgeräumt waren ließ man uns doch tatsächlich noch in aller Ruhe weiter plauschen, ohne uns die Rechnung sofort unter die Nase zu halten, wie es sonst regelmäßig in den USA geschieht und uns Europäer leicht nervt. Fazit: Ein typisches Lokal mit viel Ambiente, sehr ordentliches Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis, ohne den Touri-Rummel, der im French Quarter Standard ist. Vier Sterne. Hinweis: Die Abendkarte (Dinner) weicht von der Lunchkarte ab und ist deutlich höherpreisig!10/15/16, 2 people, 6:30pm, dinner
Ambiance: 2
food: 4
Service: 4
While this place lacks a LOT in ambiance, they make up for it with a couple of stellar dishes.
I highly recommend the crab balls! they are crunchy on the outside, but so moist & yummy inside! (Alright, alright you children! Enough with the jokes!) The remulade they're served with, is excellent!
My husband had the sampler, which consists of 3 small bowls of gumbo, jambalaya and red beans. They were all spectacular!
The staff was a little overwhelmed, but very nice. I would definitely come back for the crab balls while walking the Quarter!This had been recommended by friends for breakfast and it was so good that we ate breakfast there two of the three days we were in NOLA.  Both times, we ordered the Sis' Soul Food omelet and it was one of the best omelets I've ever eaten.  Their biscuits are huge and delicious.This place has the best crab cakes and gumbo that I've eaten while here in New Orleans.Finally, we have missed Petunia's for breakfast but the search is over! The Old Coffee Pot is extraordinary. Service is excellent, food is AMAZING! Can't wait to go back.I've heard this is a great place to stop for breakfast, but sadly I was there for a late lunch. It was a weird, in-between time for a meal so we were the only ones there. I was a little put off by the fact they were out of Abita, since it's a New Orleans staple but figured it was probably going to be ok. I had to try the oyster rockefeller dip, simply based on the fact I had never heard of this served in dip format. It was an odd, thin soupy confection, that almost seemed more suited to a spoon than to dipping bread.
Then came the New Orleans sampler, advertised by a big 'Diners, Drive-In's and Dives' sign. This featured étouffée, red beans and jambalaya. Everything was pretty good but nothing to write home about in a city filled with above average dishes.Great restaurant tucked away on Saint Peter Street. Hubby and I had lunch there on our last trip to NOLA. I had corn and crab chowder and crab balls and was not disappointed. It was excellent. Service was a little slow, but that was OK. We were seated outside on a gorgeous March afternoon. Definitely will go back.It was the best gumbo i had while in new orleans betting out Bourbon house (too thick/slim-ish), Palace cafe (being that it's the same family that Bourbon house the gumbo fell in line too), and gumbo pot (didn't taste bad-something you could get at a decent chain restaurant like Pappadeaux's) but for the price? NOT WORTH IT! if you want gumbo you should go here! the flavor was right the texture was right not too thick and not too thin and the price was worth it!I just returned from New Orleans, the whole trip being slightly disappointing for someone who had been waiting her whole life to visit NOLA. Though we had some great food...there was just something lacking. 
And then we found the Old Coffeepot and I have to say it made my trip! The atmosphere was just what I had been missing, and our server was so much fun! And in the midst of it all another server broke out in song with an incredible and powerful voice. So unexpected and delightful. The breakfast was excellent to boot! I would love to go back to NOLA just to go there again.Stopped for a midday snack.  We were able to have breakfast items.  I have never had grits that I've enjoyed before but I continue to try them.  The Old Coffee Pot is the 1st place that I have wanted to eat more.  I ate them plain with no butter just the straight grits.  Excellent!  Enjoyed the Calas Cakes.  Can't wait to go back for a full breakfast.OMG...I ordered the Plantation Breakfast- Two eggs , ham steak, a calla cake served with grits and biscuit. Yumm-O.
I was not sure about hte calla cake up it rocked just like the biscuit.
Outdoor seating in the courtyard, or inside. Perfecto spot to plan your day.We went based on a few reviews above and the fact that this is noted as a less touristy place. It was not what we expected. The homefries I had were unseasoned, while my husband's were perfectly seasoned. My omlet was really good (Bienville) and my husband's was.. blah. It was not an omlet. The eggs were flat, not fluffy, and there was little flavoring. It was really dry. It seemed like we would get toast, since there was jam and jelly on the table, which was never offered or brought to the table. Maybe this is where we are true northerners - we always have toast with our omlets and eggs, or at least it's always offered. Our table was sticky. The waitress literally left the restaurant without telling anyone. And to top it all off, the orange juice was not real orange juice and seemed like it was Tang. Overall, the worst meal we've had in NOLA.(3.5 stars)
Went here based on my girl Shanna's suggestion. The waitstaff kinda just does their own thing which is fine--except that I was freaking starving. Then they sat a table of 11 who came 15 mins after us first..WTH? I was getting annoyed so my friend had to calm me with some dranks. We finally got seated by Aunt Shirley (my friends decided she should be our Aunt) anyway, she said she was gonna spank folks who tried to skip in line~
Haha anyway I had the Bloody Gary to start (a bloody mary with 1.5 shots of vodka) yum yum yum. Then to wash it down I had eggs johnathan, which is benedict plus a 3.5 pieces of fried shrimp on the side and grits.
The food was alright, but the atmosphere is great plus Aunt Shirley may randomly burst into song if you are lucky..nice place. Food is okk, but breakfast til 1430 is good to me!The Corn and Crab chowder as well as the Chicken Gumbo were AMAZING!!! Julie, our server, was super nice and on point as well! Can't wait to go back during our next visit.Calles cakes are amazing! But do not pass on the coffee....so delicious and smooth! the omlete was great too! oh, almost forgot to mention the grits, no instant grits here...add butter and Louisianna Hot Sauce!Cute atmosphere, great food (best jambalaya I had in New Orleans), but terrible service. It took us 10 minutes to get a table (no line, plenty of open tables) and I was never sure who to order from. However, once the food came I forgot our seating struggles and enjoyed a delicious Creole meal!Good food... Nice staff but day cook talks on his cell phone instead of cooking. 45 minutes for two po boys..The corn and crab soup was outstanding.  We had the catfish Po-Boy and crab balls. Both were fresh and light. The hi light was the bread pudding.  Theresa our server put the charm into the whole experience.  Beautiful thing.Only redeeming quality was our server, Brock. 
We went out for dinner after driving down from Jackson, MS. I was visiting my sister and her family from California. We had 5 kids with us, 11 years old and under. My mom had given us a voucher from Southwest and a list of places that should accept it. 
When we got there we were greeted, sort of, by a hipster with a blasé attitude who basically made us seat ourselves. Didn't offer to help set us up with tables or anything. There were 8 of us and their tables barely sit 4!! 
After getting our drinks (no booze) my sister asked the server about the voucher. He checked with the manager and returned to say they didn't accept them, the reason having something to do with their computers switching over (yeah, ok). When my sister questioned him about being on the 4 day old list he went back to the manager who came out and said she'd never seen one but she'd "call" the owner. In the end, it was still a no, but they'd take 10% off. It's like a paper credit card and it was for $100!!! Whatever. 
My sister ordered the kids mac n cheese that was supposed to come with chicken, she got "discounted" cheesy pasta and NO chicken. The other kids got chicken strips or fried shrimp, not remarkable. She ordered the seafood bisque and had to send it back because it was soooo salty. The girl loves her salt and it was TOO salty! The manager came out and apologized, said it was the 2nd sent back for the same reason. OK? Do you not taste food that's been complained about before you serve it again?? Her husband's food was also unremarkable. I had a shrimp po'boy and while it wasn't terrible, I could probably do it better. My daughter had fried shrimp and that was that. 
All in all this was such a disappointing dinner. We expected decent food and didn't get it. It's a beautiful building and could be better, especially for the price. We had dinner at another "Old" the next night, for the same price and it was outstanding!
Avoid, unless you want salty, mediocre food with service that is barely service. Brock, you should work somewhere that will appreciate you.absolutely awful experience.  Hostess was nice. Server was unfriendly.  Got the Eggs sardou and asked for sauce on the side.  Came with sauce on it.  Sent it back. Eggs were hard centered and sauce on side was cold. Didn't bother sending it back.  Side of bacon was burnt. Never even got asked if everything was ok.  Friend ordered blintzes - they were out.  Wanted the Rockefeller - no oysters. No corn bread. 
I would most definitely not come back to this place!We were so excited to try this place between the reviews on Yelp and their appearance on Diners Drive ins and Dives. 
If I was to base this review soley on the food, they would only get 1 star but the ambiance was cool and our server, Brock, was lovely so 2 stars.
We started with a round of the crab and corn bisque which was actually very good. When Brock came back to get our entree order I was torn between the crab cakes and the fleur-de-lis chicken. Brock was confident I would not be disappointed by the latter and so I ordered it. My boyfriend got the jambalaya pasta and my mom got the Triple D which was the 3 items Guy Fieri tries on his show-the fleur-de-lis chicken, jambalaya and green bean casserole.
When the entrees arrived at the table the chicken dishes looked good. My boyfriend's jambalaya pasta, however, was more of a tomato soup with some noodles in it. My mom tried the jambalaya first and said it tasted reheated or like it had been sitting all day. I took a bite of one of the two large shrimp on my plate to find them extremely overcooked and chewy. Next, my mom and I both dug into the chicken breast, hoping for better luck...we didn't have any, the breasts were dry and pretty tasteless. On top of the chicken breast, below the two shrimp was a crab and crawfish stuffing "cake". It looked very similar to wet cat food and tasted like...wet cat food, very fishy and certainly not made with "jumbo lump crabmeat" as described on the menu. My dish was served with two sides, green bean casserole (which is supposed to be one of their best dishes) and andouille sausage sweet potato hash. The green bean casserole tasted identical to normal green bean casserole but with fresh green beans vs the often canned variety. The hash didn't taste like anything. Other than the texture difference between sausage and sweet potato, you would never know which was in your mouth at any given time. Meanwhile, as my boyfriend used a spoon to eat his jambalaya "pasta" soup bowl he was disappointed to find that there was hardly any sausage or chicken in it at all and it really did consist mostly of tomato stew and flat noodles. 
This was the most expensive meal we've had in the Quarter this week and was by far the worst.
So sad.As this is being my first time in New Orleans, it is only right for me to try the gumbo. The place is beautiful and the prices are decent but the food!!! Yes!! I love it! The gumbo is nicely spiced and the bowl is perfectly sized. Great place!!!!We finally made it into the Old Coffeepot for breakfast on a Monday morning when there were no long lines!  The Lost Bread was deep fried heaven!  Hubby had the eggs conti which was absolutely delicious!  I see now why there is a line!  The dining room was charming and the staff was superb.  Everything was wonderful!Great french quarter breakfast spot with good prices! After reading mixed reviews, I was a little wary coming here but left pleasantly surprised. 
We stopped in around noon on Lundi Gras, one of the busiest days of the year and only had to wait about 30 mins. After being seated, we were served our food only about 15 minutes later and were out in the next 20! 
I ordered the Soul Sis omelette which was awesome if you're looking for an egg dish with a little bit of cajun flair. Additionally, I ordered a side of their special Calla Cakes. It was an awesome mix of donut and riceball and topped with maple syrup was delicious. I recommend trying if you're looking for a little authentic sweetness on the side.
Right before we left, one of the waitresses burst into a soulful rendition of "Amazing Grace" that stunned the whole restaurant into silence. It was the cherry on top to an already authentic soulfood brunch!
Highly recommend trying this.I have to eat at least once or twice every time I come to NOLA. 
I adore the women who work here.
The biscuits can induce a religious experience.Enjoyed this small restaurant for a nice brunch with friends. Business was very slow as it's the day before thanksgiving, but their service didn't fail. 
I ordered the eggs creole with Grits and it was nice. The Grits didn't meet my expectations as they were a little bland. Allow me to mention that I have very high expectations for Grits, especially in New Orleans, so I was a little sad that the Grits here were plain and tasteless.
I'd be willing to give this place another try just to sample some of the other menu options that looked very appetizing.Had a great breakfast here today.  The three of us each ordered something different. All were delicious. The biscuits were AMAZING!  We also tried the calla cakes and they were good...interesting to try.  We were happy with our choice. 
Service was quick, friendly and efficient.
We would recommend this spot for breakfast.I got the trio appetizer which had: creole, red beans and rice and crawfish etoufee (sp?).  This was OK.  Just OK.The red beans and rice was definitely the best dish out of the three.   I was not a fan of the etoufee...however it was my first time eating it so I'm not sure if I don't just like that dish in general.
I ordered a mojito which was made perfectly.
They wouldn't let us split the bill into different credit cards and they also wouldn't let us do part cash and part credit card.  That was kind of a thumbs down for me.Came in on a Saturday, around noon, on a recommendation from a friend and was severely disappointed and disgusted. My water cup was dirty, coffee cups were dirty and the silverware was dirty. With the tableware being so gross, we were afraid of how bad the food would be and didn't even hang around to wait for what we ordered.Absolute biggest waste of money in our food tour of New Orleans, Memphis, and Chicago. It was such a disappointment after all the praise from yelp and Food Network. Maybe it was because we went about 45 minutes before the place closed, but the service was horrible...it took us 5 minutes of starring at the waiter for them to acknowledge where we could sit down, then 15 more minutes for anyone to get a drink order. The crab/crawfish balls were burnt, not cooked all the way through, and sitting on unimpressive wilted romaine (worst presentation ever). They ran out of the roast beef po'boy (after we waited an additional 20 minutes) and then substituted it with a cheeseburger with cold cheese. Only decent food was the green bean casserole, and even that had several unedible stalks that tasted like bad asparagus that we had to pick out. The linoleum floor folds and bubbles like walking on a pool cover and the wall tiles had stripped paint and was just sloppy.
I will say that we did NOT have breakfast, but given the quality of food we had, I couldn't imagine it would be impressive. Don't bother with dinner if you only develop your breakfast menu.
BOO!This place had the best Gumbo that I've ever tasted. I stopped here as a part of a food tour. I wasn't a fan of their jambalaya. The jambalaya wasn't good or bad; it was just average. I loved being in such an old building. It was a great combination of old-world ambiance and good food.Wanted a draft beer but our server did not know if any draft beer was on tap.  
Long wait before we were able to order.  Food was just so so with under cooked fries. Even though we had our food no silverware or napkin provided.  Finally grabbed another server who took care of us. 
Never saw our server again until we got the bill.
Certainly nothing special and zero atmosphere.A good spot for lunch in the French Quarter. We sat in the courtyard and had jambalaya and salads. The salad was nicely prepared, nothing exceptional. Jambalaya was pretty good, not top notch, but good. Our waitress was especially nice, in that gruff/friendly kind of way, and kept the water coming on that hot afternoon. We peeked in the dining room, which looked lovely. We really did enjoy our lunch, and recommend it for a nice place to stop while exploring the neighborhood.The Old Coffee Pot has both indoor and court yard seating.  I have been there several times over the years and had both good service and good food.  Such was not case this time.  The food was great, but the service was confused/disorganized.  We had to wait a long time for somebody to take our order and then a longer time for the server to come back to inform us that they were out of Blintzes.  Not sure how this could happen at 10:30 in the morning.
Ended up getting the French Toast and the Eggs Sordo (sp).  Both were excellent.  The French Toast was very different.  It was served with powdered sugar on it.  No need for anything else.  The Eggs were GREAT!  
Overall, (Mind you this is a one time experience on this trip), the staff needs better leadership and organization.So sad that this place changed to try to fit in with the status quo...the old rose chandelier was its trademark look and what made this restaurant so unique and beautiful. My favorite breakfast spot still for food but the change in look really killed the environment for me and took away all of its beautiful New Orleans flair..portion sizes have shrunk to nothing and the only thing I come back for are the calla cakes at this point! What happened to the old plantation breakfast?3 stars for the food but 5 stars for the coffee! The signature coffee pot drink was AMAZING! It was smooth, creamy and has just enough almond liquour for taste. The service was also good. It felt like my aunts and grandmother were there.We found this place by accident and I'm glad we did- it was a quiet, quaint place with a garden and a nice staff. I ordered my first purple haze here and was pleasantly surprised. For an entree I ordered the Jambalaya pasta which was so spicy and delicious! My mouth was burning a bit but in a good way :) if we would have had more time I would have gone for breakfast. :)we travel to new orleans every year and try creole cuisine...we ordered plantation breakfast, seafood gumbo, bbq shrimp, crawfish and shrimp pie and lost bread...it was so-so and would not go back to this place for sure...my coffee cup had lipstick stains and coffee stains ! Instead of seafood gumbo I was served chicken gumbo which they replaced but it made me question the cleanliness of that restaurant and their dedication to good food!Two stars for the atmosphere and no stars for anything else. The food was tasteless (I got the sis' omelette) and the server was rude and very annoyed with every question we asked. The patio was cute, that's the only upside.The food was pretty good, but pricey. Service was less so, and they forced 18% tip. Very slow, and apparently computers don't work in the rain, so they refused to take credit or split our ticket.This place is really good. Love the re model of it I came in for my birthday brunch and our server was very sweet she sang happy birthday and sounded awesome. The food was reasonably priced and very flavorful. I got steak and eggs and it is really hard for me to eat eggs somewhere because they normally make my eggs wrong. THESE eggs though.... they were perfectly cooked middle runny and white cooked thoroughly (it's like magic)   Definitely will come back on my next visit to New Orleans.How many things could I say wrong about this place?
We were a larger group, seating at two different tables. The restaurant was NOT busy as we were the only party at the time in there. I have worked in restaurants before, Walt Disney World, so this was nothing out of the ordinary. It seemed like this place was ill-prepared and incompetent to put it nicely. 
Our waitress seemed high and like she has no idea what was going on or even how to work at a restaurant. We waited over 40 minutes for water, the restrooms had no paper towels, and the food was incredibly bland. 
There was a waitress there who had four tables, never cleaned off the other tables so many parties came in but left after not being greeted or waited on or even try to be seated here. 
I got the crab balls and was the LAST served. Mind you, someone else in our party got their crab balls about twenty minutes before me. I'm convinced the only reason I got mine was because I told her I still haven't received anything and three minutes later, they came out. This means that they were sitting under a heat lamp slowly cooking and going bad-yum. 
The waitress was horrendous and we only saw her in the beginning and then one or two other times. Another blonde woman kept coming out and delivering our food and we later found out that she was the manager. Hilarious. She looked to be about 25 years old, lots of experience for sure. 
This meals was about two hours long. Everyone got their meals at different times and no one raved about it. It was bland, tepid and nothing to brag about. We never received refills for any drinks and our waitress never clams to ask us how the food was. When our bill finally came, this is when the fiasco happened. 
They charged us over 18% gratuity. Something that is normal but when the service is the terrible, gratuity should never be added. We had to fight to get that off. THEN, part of our party walked out and didn't pay for the bill. We tried to let them know that we were not paying and began to tell us that the manager would call the executive chef and HE would make us pay. 
I ended up going into the restaurant while she was on the phone with him and found that our waitress was behind the bar, now being a bartender and talking to the other guests about how we were trying to get out of the entire bill. 
The cops ended up showing up and nothing really happened. It was a horrible experience and I advise you to never done at his restaurant. Do not waste your time.We loved this place. I really felt the best  part was our server. She was funny, bossy and had a great personality. I got the Eggs Jonathan and I loved it. It was a good serving of food.horrible, horrible, horrible.  waited an hour for food that was...you guessed it, horrible.
I would rather not eat for a week than eat here again.Not sure what has happened but this place definitely isn't as good as it used to be. The eggs Jonathan were ok, just lacking any real flavor and it used to be so flavorful and seasoned well. The Bloody Mary tasted like just tomato juice without any spice even thought I ordered it extra spicy. We decided to try the calla cakes and they were so so, again it wasn't bad, it just lacked any flavor or seasoning. However, the waitress broke out into a beautiful rendition of Happy Days and that is really what you come here for. If I come back, it's going to be for just for a coffee and to wait for the waitress to break out into some gospel singing!!!WOW, this place was so delicious! We wondered into for dinner, and were so impressed with the authentic decor and the AMAZING dishes! This place has been featured on the Food Network and it's easy to tell why. Be sure to get the Triple D dish, it's soooooo yummy! The staff was also very kind to us, thank you! We highly recommend a visit to this place!We love this place. It just take so long to get menus and for them to take your order. However their food is really good.Service was... Different than what I'm use to. I some people may be offended by the bluntness, but I love it, it adds to the feel that your in the south with REAL creole food. The food was delicious, and once you peel back the layers, service was good too. Only reason it's not 5 starts is because of like the outside sitting area to be cleaned up. Little nicer. There is huge potential though. We had the blitz crepes and the Jonathan, both so good we ordered seconds.Are here a couple times for brekky. Had a great blintzes (Mascarpone filled crepes) and eggs Benny. Was fantastic.Came here for breakfast. The menu looked extensive but I didn't really want anything but gumbo. I got recommended the seafood gumbo with a side of bread. 
The seafood gumbo was really tasty and flavorful. There were chunks of seafood in there too. Sometimes you can't find any! The bread was overtoasted... who ever says that? But it was!
My friend got the beef hash with eggs. She said it was a lot of fat instead of meat.Had dinner here on our first night in New Orleans (a Friday night) based on a recommendation from Diners Drive-ins and Dives. Atmosphere is like a diner with a bar and a few tables inside with some outside. The food was OK, the service not very good. There is nothing special about the food at this restaurant. My wife had the seafood jambalaya, which was good, but a little dry. Mostly rice. I had a catfish po-boy with fries. Fries tasted like DQ. Po-boy bread was fresh. But ingredients were average stuff you could get anywhere. Service was below average. My wife waited 10 minutes before she got up and took ketchup from another table because the server was AWOL. Overall, would not recommend. So many good places to eat in New Orleans.Excellent for breakfast and brunch. Down south style home cooked soul food. Serves are super nice and there is one lady that will randomly break out into song without warning--she has some amazing pipes. Highly recommend this place for a inexpensive and good meal.Read some reviews and thought we try it. Thursday, August 3, 2011 at 7:40 pm. The waitress was bland and appeared inexperienced. She held the door open for my date and didn't hold it long enough. The door closed on her leg and I was outside pushing the door open. That's how the evening started. There were no more than 10 people in the place. It was dark. Two piece band playing outside in their courtyard. It was humid so we chose to dine inside. There were two servers in the restaurant that also side to clean the tables, seat you and serve you. The table wasn't steady so we pushed it against the wall in the corner she placed us.
She handed us two menus and a drink menu. Asked us if we wanted any drinks. We declined politely and she walked away. She didn't explain any dinner specials (I don't think they had any). My date ordered their seafood gumbo and I ordered the Lost Bread (fried flattened po-boy bread, small amount of egg batter, then deep friend and topped with powdered sugar). She took the order quickly and returned 10 minutes later stating that there was no seafood gumbo. My date ordered the Jambalaya.
She had to use the restroom. She didn't return for at least 10 minutes. When asked why, she stated she had to go outside in the courtyard. Walk to a different building and climb a long flight of metal stairs to get there.
When she returned the meals were on the table for a few minutes. The jambalaya consisted of three ice cream scoops of undercooked rice, a scant amount of sausage and no chicken. It was served in three scoops on a plate with nothing else. My dish was served with about 3 tablespoons of syrup, probably true maple syrup. The oil probably was burnt and it diffused in the dish. These two small meals cost $28. We will never return. This is a has been restaurant. AVOID AND DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY on dinner.Old fashioned and cosy cuisine and setting, really liked the sense of history and continuity I got from this place. We had the New Orleans taster (gumbo two ways and red beans and rice) and a BBQ beef po-boy. The Po boy was excellent, the gumbo and red beans were good but you can get better! It was also a hot day, and the A/C doesn't really work that well, but to me it felt like an authentic lunch New Orleans. Reasonably priced too. It's certainly memorable among the many other places I ate at in the French Quarter.We went for dinner and I had Jambalaya Pasta, it was very good. Waitress said this place is more popular for breakfast. They make really good 'Bloody Gary'Over rated. The coffee tastes like it was in fact brewed in an old coffee pot that hasn't been cleaned. The crab cake Benedict was just barely encroaching on ok. The crab cake itself was flavorful. But the eggs were not poached well and the hollandaise was runny and bland. There are with many better restaurant options. Skip it.Great service, old New Orleans flair and unbeatable food! Would eat here all day if they wouldn't throw me out!!!Our waitress was a staple of the restaurant and so sweet. She made us feel welcome and like we were coming into her house for lunch. I had a crawfish po'boy. Omg -the crawfish literally melted in my mouth. And the bread was so amazingly fresh. Remoulade wasn't very spicy. I loved it with layers of flavor. Add a mimosa to start it off right!Very disappointed! Tried the Triple D, and the only thing I ate were the green beans. The jambalaya was VERY dry, and the chicken wasn't very good either. It sounds like it might be a breakfast place. DO NOT DO DINNER.We visited NOLA right after Christmas, but I forgot to do some of my reviews.... And I am so torn on how to best review this place.  First, let me say that breakfast was decent.  I picked this place in order to try the Calas (fried rice ball) and for that it fulfilled it's purpose.  
But dinner... OH LORD, PLEASE FIND SOMEWHERE ELSE TO EAT DINNER.  The service was ok, not as good as the morning... but I ordered the crawfish etouffee and was sooooo sad.  I wasn't aware that there were different ways this dish could be made, so that's the first problem.  A roux can be  (what I thought was traditional) light brown, flour and oil based... or it can be a dark brown/red tomato based roux.  So their roux threw the flavor of the dish off from what I was expecting. Secondly, they serve it with either rice or noodles and the waitress somewhat suggested the noodles, so I figured why not try it.. and they were really just run of the mill spaghetti noodles.  Lastly, the crawfish was the last bit they had (I heard the waitress take someone else's order after ours and say they were out of crawfish) and it was likely cooked the day before, because it was awful.  
So my final point is just - eat dinner somewhere else.So gooooooood that I created this account to give this place a five star review.
The food is to die for! 
The po boy and gumbo are a different experience altogether.
Been to New Orleans a few times and this is by far a new top food place with a fair price point.Amazing food, great bloody Mary's and a friendly atmosphere! The service is pretty good. Grits were great, but we added cheese to them and made them so much better!I'll start the review off by saying that when my husband asked for a rum and coke with dark rum the server said, "What is dark rum?"  When my daughter asked for a recommendation on the specialty drinks the server replied, "I don't drink so I don't know. I'll see if some is available to help me make one." It was odd enough that the server was also the bartender, but a bartender who had no idea how to make a drink and this was on the Friday night at 6:30 p.m. of Memorial Day weekend. We never ended up getting any drinks because no one would help her make them. The food was very mediocre and my husband's jambalaya was cold and tasteless. When we asked to speak to a manager a woman came over and allowed us to complain, but to no avail.  She took $5 off a $100 check. The server came back almost in tear and said, "I'm sorry you all don't like me. The cook is the owner's daughter and she is pregnant and sick tonight."  To say this experience was bad is an understatement.Overall I would have to say the service was lacking as the other reviews state. There was a server that was very loud and rude. The food was average, nothing special. There was no wait, which was nice. Pricing not bad.Es hat uns nicht so gut gefallen. Dies lag daran dass der Kellner extrem überfordert war und sich keine Bestellung merken konnte. Hätte ich ihn nicht mehrfach daran erinnert was noch fehlt hätte ich es wahrscheinlich nie bekommen. An sich ist das Restaurant ganz nett und nicht allzu laut und überlaufen wie die Läden direkt in und an der Bourbon Street, aber die typische Gastfreundschaft, der nette Smalltalk und guter Service konnte man hier leider vergeblich suchen. Das Essen war in Ordnung, nichts besonderes aber auch nicht schlecht. Das Ambiente ist nett weil das Restaurant schon sehr sehr lange existiert und dieses typische ausstrahlt dass man im French Quarter erwartet.Not the best meal. Salad was late coming out and it had little flavor. Meal was much overpriced. Will not be returning.We came in see the real New Orleans so we asked the locals were they would eat. We were directed to The Old Coffee Pot and man it was WONDERFUL! The wait staff was warm and made us feel at home, we even hugged them goodbye. The sweet potato stack is to die for!! my husband made sure we went back just to get it before we left and he hasn't stop talking about it since. Mrs. Pearls bread pudding was a slice of heaven, I tried bread pudding all over NOLA but NO ONE can beat Mrs. Pearl's. You have to try it...During my trip 1st trip to NOLA with you sisters we planned our day around visiting this restaurant. After watching "Dinner, Drives-Ins and Dives" we had to try the Triple D but when I got it the plate it was pretty but the food taste Pre-cooked and old. It was not worth my $24 of a meal because afterwards we end up looking elsewhere to eat. Customer service was great and it's a beautiful site to see.