I've never felt compelled to leave a review about any place because I'm pretty easy going and being in the industry myself I understand how things can get when the bar is non stop, but what I experienced today was a blatant display of disrespect for the customer. 
To begin this is not a review on the restaurant end, I've always enjoyed the brunch and have always left satisfied with what I've ordered and the service has always been great. This concerns more with the bar side and the outrageous $20 cover to enter the pool only to leave minutes later because the amount of people was the equivalent to all the people you see in a wave pool at a water park and god knows what's going on beneath the surface. 
I have never seen such a lack of urgency with the bartenders both in the front and in the pool area as was displayed today. I understand what it means to be in the weeds but when your staff is dragging or in their case dancing and having casual conversations with other patrons while there are other people waiting to be served and showing no recognition of how long one individual has been waiting there to order vs. someone who just walked up is frustrating as a customer who was just looking to relax. Staffing wasn't the issue, there was more than enough bartenders to handle the crowds both in front and in the back bar. The issue was bartenders who showed zero lack of customer awareness and were rude to customers when voicing their displeasure at the amount if time they've had to wait. 
I have always enjoyed the Country Club and have often recommended it to people who want to try something different while visiting out here. After what I witnessed today I think that may change.This place is great!! Great mimosas!! Great drag shows!! The drag queens walk around using a mic to crack jokes, engage their customers, a to lip sing to songs. And their dance moves are totally on point. I went there for brunch for my friends bachelorette party and it was one of the best places to attend brunch if you're among a wedding party like we were. After brunch, there is pool and outside bar outside that you may go out too to chill. This place has a great set up.Went to eat st The Country Club last night, had the anniversary menu, 3 courses for 2 for $40.
My wife also had the chrbroiled oysters that were very good. Appetizers were fois gras torchon, very tasty, also the tete en gelee which was also very good. All three main dish options were all excellent. Finished with fried banana and ice cream. Service was excellent and a very comfortable environment.  A real local gem  in the bywater . Best deal in Nola for coolinaryThis restaurant is located in a very nice building in Bywater, but that is the only thing remarkable about it. The waitress was not very friendly, the food is OK but not great and it was a little bit expensive site for what we got.A stately restaurant with a swimming pool in the back!  How is that not awesome. Take your suit and you can enjoy a discount rate to sit by the pool after you eat.The food is excellent and reasonably priced. The best service I've had since my trip to NOLA.YUMMY YUMMY FOOD! Drinks were a bit watered down. But I'd definitely come back for the food and the excellent service. The rooms are all decorated to their own uniqueness. It's fun to look around and be in a beautiful environment while eating a really good meal. I would recommend this place!Let me first start by saying that I LOVE the brunch here. The food is fantastic and the wait staff is phenomenal, especially Val. Val is a shining diamond in a sea of sand. 
With that being said, stay away from the bars!!! These are the rudest bartenders in the city. After waiting an hour to be served a drink (both inside and outside) we were told we were "9th in line"...was no line. After that, my gf actually begged an indoor bartender to close us out and it was another 10 mins after some snotty reply. The bartenders would rather dance and socialize then serve drinks and make money. Upon trying to give a little constructive criticism, I was given the finger and told to "F*** off". He tried to tell me they had 400 patrons, but I could only count 40 inside where he was actually serving. These guys have no clue how to tend to a "crowd".
Go for brunch,  stay away from the bars.Amazing food. Great ambience and decorations. New year's Eve we got the recommendation from a local to eat here. It was last minute and we had a big party. They were totally accommodating. The server was friendly. Lots of interesting options in the menu and drink menu. Delicious food. High quality and good portion sizes. Would highly recommend.I plan to go here a lot this summer.  European style swimming and plentiful and reasonable prices.  And as several people have stated, there's no pressure to be nude.  It's definitely clothing OPTIONAL.  There's usually a good mix of both.
The pool is very nice.  Clean.  Nice lounge chairs to relax on between jumping in the pool and then switching to the giant, in ground, hot tub.  Very nice way to spend a day or evening.
Plan on seeing me there a lot this summer.One word... Bacon. Yes, the staff is super accommodating and friendly. They make sure your bottomless mimosa glass in always full. Yes, the brunch was fantastic. Chicken and waffles and the crab cake benedict have been some of the best, most flavorful food I've had in New Orleans. Yes, back to the mimosas, they're mostly champagnes with a hint of orange juice. You'll feel it after a few. But the bacon.
A restaurant's success and failures, it's rise and fall, all hinge on the quality of its bacon. The bacon is unf.... It's some of the best bacon I've ever, EVER had. I highly recommend The Country Club for the friendly staff, flavorful food and definitely for the bacon.First time there wont be the last. I've been hearing good reviews about all the food and had to check it out. Although its coolinary month the prices were fairly reason outside that specific menu. I enjoyed the chargrilled flank steak mint chimichurri, house fries, lime cebollitas. Cooked perfectly to my liking and was delicious. At first I was skeptical about the mint but it was definitely a highlight to the dish.Okay, I went out of curiosity, not hunger. Surprise. Surprise. The food was wonderful and my waiter was superb. And no, to answer your unasked question, I didn't go outside, to the pool area.Set in an old Acadian mansion, the country club is one of the most amusing gay bars I've ever had the privilege of visiting. Featuring a pool-side cocktail bar and acres of decking and deck chairs on which to sun au natural, it was all I could do not to take up permanent residence. Seriously the only place i've ever been where one can float about naked with a magarita in hand. Oh yes, and the boys are very handsome too.
www.countryclubneworleans.comFree on my bday after a fabulous meal in the dining room.  Jacuzzi, pool, all clean. Nice clientele. I'd buy the 299. yearly membership if I lived in Nola.pretty amazing. i love it here so much its so awesome . i really enjoy the atmosphere . i love the mimosas .......you must try this place out!!This review is for 4.5 stars.
Fantastic brunch - no complaints.  A bunch of sides, a few unique New Orleans' own brunch dishes, and bottomless mimosas for $18 with an entree.  We got there at 1:00 pm for brunch and left at 4:00 pm, being filled up until the end.  We never felt like we were being pushed out the door.  We came on a Sunday so I imagine it's less busy than the notorious drag brunch on Saturdays, but it was still fairly lively. 
We began with some fried green tomatoes as we'd never heard of them.  A very interesting dish which felt like a healthy hash brown.  We had it as an appetizer rather than a side, and I think we made the right decision.  For the meal we had the chilaquiles and the shredded beef hash.  The chilaquiles were very good but a little too limey.  But a nice looking dish overall.  The hash was fantastic though a little too much gravy.  But after drenching the gravy with hot sauce, I wan't too mad.  Couple these with bottomless mimosas for 3 hours and this was a very successful meal.  Country Club  is in my top 3 for the best bottomless mimosas pours I've ever had in terms of refills and not kicking us out after technical brunch close.
The Country Club is a bit out of the city, but everything about the brunch was worth it.  Really cool building, great food, and great drinks.  The one thing i hope for them in the future is more juice base options on the mimosas rather than only the classic orange juice.Me and my friends had brunch at The Country Club on a Saturday at 10am.  For anyone with an adventurous vibe, this is the spot for brunch.  Bottomless Mimosas really set the tone.  As a vegan, the food options were pretty limited so if you are a vegan don't come expecting a 5 star meal.  BUT we didn't really come for the food, we came for the show.  There was a live drag show through the meal.  We must have come on Bachelorette Party day because it was our group (3 guys and 3 girls) and probably 50 other ladies with Bachelorette Parties.  We even made a drinking game out of guys entering the restaurant.  I would recommend The Country Club to anyone that wants to start a day of binge drinking off on a fun note!
Keywords: Vegan, VegetarianWow! An amazing oasis away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter. We went to County Club on our last day for a bachelor party that happened to coincide with Coolinary, NOLA's restaurant week. Had the blue crab bisque and the pork and it was to die for. The portions are pretty hefty so I would go halfsies. The pool was fantastic and the food and drinks at the pool were great! Definitely go back! Had a lot of fun!Over cooked burgers, unfresh french fries (sitting on the fryer too long). Not a destination for bar eatz....Though bartender was hospitalble, prices not wad blowing. Maybe a summer visit to the pool area may make up for a bad first impression.We ate here for brunch on a Thursday. The Bloody Mary's are amazing and the shrimp with grits was delicious. I moaned with every bite!!My friends and I took an Uber to the Country Club, there was no way we were walking here from our hotel on Canal Street in the evening! We arrived and found seats immediately at the bar and it was all fun from there on out!
Nathan the bartender was excellent in explaining happy hour to us and guiding us through the food menu. I had the Pork Poutine Tots and I almost put in a second order. The feta cheese and pulled pork are a pairing I would never have thought of myself. And tater tots are, of course, all the rage in kitchens today.
The best part was the trivia game at 8pm. Hosted by a local entertainment company, it was 4 fast paced rounds of questions. Not the sort of trivia game that drags and you just want it to be over. The hosts encouraged bribery through buying shots. When my friends and I won the first round, our prize was a bottle of champagne. When we won the second round it was free passes to the pool out back. Who says bribery is all bad?!
After trivia ended, we explored the pool area out back with the aforementioned passes. There is a sizable, heated saltwater pool, a hot tub, an outdoor bar that was closed on this chilly Monday night, and a changing room with sauna. There were only a few of us out there that night so we had the run of the pool (and yes, it's still fun even now that you have to wear clothing, which some people warned me was a bummer). We frolicked in the hot tub and pool for about an hour before getting one more for the road and headed out to explore the rest of the Bywater. 
The Country Club is an excellent spot to get away from the crazy of Bourbon St or the loud jazz of Frenchman, have a casual cocktail, play a friendly game of trivia, and relax in the pool.We were told about this place by multiple people! We went for a late dinner and we were excited to taste some good food at a great price!
I got the fried green tomatoes napoleon--appetizer-- and my wife got a burger. The burger was yummy and the fries were browned perfectly and crispy.
The fried green tomatoes were on point! Not only were there fried green tomatoes on my plate, I had fresh mozzarella and red tomatoes with fresh basil. It was an Italian's dream. My mouth is watering thinking about it right now. Before the server even came back to check on us, my dinner was gone. 
To drink my wife tried a dreamsicle type drink. She really liked it. 
We did not get a chance to enjoy the pool but I've heard that it's pretty awesome.Way to bounce back. Y'all killin' it! 
Food is incredible. Service was flawless. 
Maybe one too many fat old naked dudes by the pool, but that is hardly the bar's fault.OHMAHGAWD.
The prom night you always dreamed of, but never had till now...
Just go. Trust me..........Country Club has long been a local favorite of mine, because I have always had excellent experiences with their food and drinks and staff -- plus the hot tub, heated pool, and sauna in the back is a total gem. But tonight I stopped by for a birthday cocktail and swim, and the very kind bartender comped my drink and spa admission! Yet another reason to love Country Club. Also try the brunch... it's unreal.Turns out they randomly close the pool down when they feel like it. We just came in at 11:15 and they wouldn't let us back because they said we "could t possibly want to pay $15 to go in the pool for less than two hours." We said we were happy to pay for just an hour, and they offered us drinks instead. Not cool,  no thanks.
***update, we went back the next day and had a pretty good time, with no issues. Fun place to spend a hot day in NOLA.Great food, good times! Can't say enough about this place. I think for any visitor to New Orleans this is a must see place. And don't bring the kids. Weather was simply perfect for our visit. I would recommend coming on weekends as its definitely a great place for people watching.I love these guys. Again, Wendy the host rocks the socks off of that place. We didn't have reservations for a party of 7, but when I couldn't get a hold of everyone, we just asked for a "Walk in table for 3" and were immediately seated and served by Tony--who also is just...the best. Well, I get a text after we order saying my friends were on their way. I jumped up to notify Wendy asap, because accommodating a party of 7 is a pain in the butt no matter where you work. I could tell at that moment we did frazzle her a bit, but she and Tony MADE IT HAPPEN. Our friends arrived and our food was hot and delicious and our bottomless Mimosas never hit bottom until end of brunch service at 3pm. Fantastic as always.Yes!!!!!!  Go go go.  Best experience in Nola hands-down.   Drag brunch every other Saturday. The ladies were so lovely and friendly!  Mimosas were fresh, not overly OJ-y. Food excellent to boot!  Mango shrimp salad terrific!A must when in NOLA. The food was as amazing as the service and ambiance. Attended a Saturday brunch with some friends and family -- we all agreed to stop by again when we are in town. I'm use to the East coast brunch scene, but the this did not disappoint one bit. Our waiter gave us her fav plates and even some things to do out in the town. Only wish we had made it to the drag brunch, but there is always next time.So great come here awesome drinks food people ambiance.i am a total prude and can hang here!when are you coming?I used to eat here for free because my boss knew the owners and the one dish that stood out to me the most was their amazing mac and cheese. It's rich, creamy, and overly indulgent-three factors that make it the perfect cheat day meal. I'm raving about the macaroni that they serve-but honestly it's all good (from the chicken salad to the French fries)!Was told about this place by someone at our bed and breakfast. Best time we had in New Orleans! Drinks we cheap, Pool was nice and Food was Great! My wife myself and another couple were down to relax this past weekend and I cannot say enough about how cool everyone was there. We will be back the next time we are in town! A must visit in NOLA!We went for the Saturday drag brunch. Just an all around good experience! The food was great. I had the fried green tomatoes and eggs and I loved it. Best Brunch I had in New Orleans. The performers were so much fun and the bottomless mimosas were an awesome deal. Good for large and small groups. Also the interiors were gorgeous!I have ate here 2 times, the first time we had a full on dinner. And it was pretty good. But the second time we ordered from he bar menu and bam out of the park. 
Great bar food, the boudin was fantastic.Adore the Country Club! I love it so much I don't even want to tell you how awesome it is so that this magical little place may retain it's "hidden gem" motif... but if you're feeling adventurous strip down (if you want), get in the pool, and soak up the sun! The bar tenders are all really nice, the music is good, and the food is tasty if you'd rather just eat in the lovely restaurant front. Either way you'll leave with a smile on your face :)Such a cool and unique place. I was fortunate enough to have a friend tell me about the Country Club, otherwise I'm not sure I would've stumbled upon it on my trip to New Orleans. To all you visitors, come out to the Bywater and check this place out. Bring your bathing suit!If you're going for drag dinner/brunch and bottomless mimosas/wine here are my opinions. 
The entertainment is TOP NOTCH and enjoyable and worth sitting at the bar to watch. As to the food eaten and the alcohol offered as part of the "show package," please keep reading. (On a side note, I waited 2 hours after arriving home from a drag dinner to post this to ensure it wasn't my initial impression)
The wine is a box wine and absolutely abysmal (I understand to make money it cannot be fantastic wine, but it could be better than what is offered),and I recommend ordering by the drink unless you can handle/enjoy very low label alcohol which will make you much happier.
The food was mediocre and overpriced.  I tried all of the dishes that the people at my table ordered and would not recommend any of them.. This coming from multiple visits there before a "show package" meal and always thought highly of the food. No longer would I recommend anything.
The service was extremely slow. To emphasize, we ordered our entrees (three of us out of 5 only had appetizers) and it took over an hour for them to arrive. And again NONE of them would I recommend to anyone; unless fast food is your normal fare (if that's the case l, then you will enjoy all that I tasted this evening). Our server offered to comp deserts for everyone (which I chose to decline as I had not enjoyed the food to that point and saw no reason to subject my pallet to anything further). They arrived and were just as unimpressive as the food.  Overall, for 5 people and $120; there are many other restaurants in NOLA that I would recommend before the Country Club again.  I'd recommend almost anywhere else, even fast food and spend your money on over priced drinks somewhere on Bourbon and you'll be much happier with you're overall price point..
I final review: if you're looking for a different place than you're stereotypical "gay hangout" to enjoy a great drag performance, than by all means, please attend at this venue. I just personally recommend you eat somewhere else, sit at the bar and pay by the drink (like you would at any bar), and tip the entertainment VERY well.  I was so unimpressed and unhappy with the food I didn't even bring home the rest of my appetizer that I ordered because I didn't want to be reminded tomorrow of my displeasure of and price paid for the food that I ordered.Great HH place in the Bywater, has a pool for members only. The place has been updated and has an attractive front porch to sit and sip on. The restaurant looks inviting. We went there for HH with a social drinking club. Was a good time.OK so I really love the country club, but this is NOT a place for everyone...AT ALL!! For those who've been here, I don't need to elaborate. For those who haven't - ask a friend or find out on your own. But, I must say the food is pretty good here (minus the cardboard pizza). The atmosphere is fun and unique and the staff is friendly.I had an absolutely fabulous time at the Country Club yesterday!  We went for brunch and sat at the bar.  The mimosas flowed, the food was fabulous and the drag queens were even more fabulous!  Our service was excellent and the price was right!  They even handed out tasty deviled eggs as an amuse bouche when we first got there.  I would go back any day for brunch!The Country Club is a big gay southern hug. 
The staff is amazing, the food and drinks are great and the famous adults-only pool area is something everyone should experience at least once. 
If you're nervous about coming don't be. Nothing about the Club is oppressive or intimidating. The staff and patrons are incredibly friendly and everyone is there simply to have a good time. 
If you're in NOLA you should come check it out. It may be the most fun you have in the city.It's been about 9 months since the last time I was in New Orleans, but I think about my experience at The Country Club almost daily. It was a warm Sunday morning and my partner and I were looking for a pool since our accommodations did not have one. Luckily, we stumbled across this place and were treated to top notch hospitality. There were only a few other couples in the restaurant as we sat down for breakfast. I ordered a fruit and yogurt type thing that was delicious, and then swam & hung around the pool for probably 2 hours. It was a heavenly oasis in the morning after the craziness of a Saturday night. I plan to go back here every time I'm in town.I FOUND HEAVEN!!! This place is EVERYTHING!!! 
Let's start by saying they are FAMILY FRIENDLY! I felt at home!  The look is so nouveau! If you are it and want to feel alive, Come!! Make sure to make a reservation. My girls and I stumbled upon this lovely establishment and was lucky to snag a seat!
They also have a pool and resort style area, hence the name, Country Club. I will have to do another review during my next visit to NOLA!
The food!!! The food was delicious! Our group wasn't a huge fan of the Bodludin Boulettes
 But, everything else was awesome! We sampled everything! Lol! I can't forget about the BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS!!!!!
Soooooo I can't wait to return! Until then...#Kisses #Smile #EatGoodWe went here for brunch and after meeting the hostess, I knew I was going to love this place. The servers were incredibly kind, funny, and eclectic. They were full inside but offered us a spot outside where they served us pretty fast. I got the Fried Green Tomatoes and Eggs and I STILL dream of that meal. The tomato butter mixture they make is incredible and it's worth ordering just for that. They portions weren't terribly huge, I was pretty hungry 3 hours later but the quality of the food certainly made up for the smaller portions. Recommended!Here's the thing, prior to one month ago I seriously would have given The Country Club 5 stars. No joke. This place was my absolute favorite hangout on Sunday afternoons, the bottomless mimosas are wonderful as well as a bargain. The bartenders are usually nice (although, when it gets busy it can take quite a few minutes to get a drink, by the pool area at least) and the waitstaff are pretty good (Brennan is a doll! Love him). Here's why I'm leaving a "meh" review.
A girlfriend and I went to The Country Club on a Sunday about a month ago, ate in the dining room with some friends and ordered bottomless mimosas. Wonderful food, great service and we even got to-go mimosas for the pool... so great! We exited the restaurant to the pool area (there's this one bearded, scruffy guy who checks IDs and searches bags that is kind of brash, but we won't worry about him right now), where we opened tabs at the cabana bar and enjoyed ourselves by the pool and hot tub areas. I continued to order drinks on my tab throughout the day.
After a couple hours, my friend and I went to the cabana bar to get refills. The bar area was a little busy, but not super packed or anything. After about 25 minutes of attempting to make eye contact, possibly get served or even acknowledged by the bartenders, etc. my friend finally had to say "excuse me" politely to the bartender named Frankie (the other bartender left in the middle of us attempting to get drinks). He immediately comes over to us and says, "I'm sorry, I saw you guys talking and thought you didn't need anything." We let it slide and ordered our drinks. It took him five minutes (he was stopping to talk to other patrons while he did it, I'm sure the "excuse me" may have ticked him off) to make them. When he gave them to us, I told him the name on my tab. I picked up my drink, went to take a sip and before I know it, he's taking the drink out of my hand.
Uh, okay dude. Thanks for snatching it out of my hand with no warning. He says, "Don't have that tab open. It's after 5, we closed it out and it's at the inside bar." He proceeds to take the other drink, as well as the shots we ordered, and throw them all in the trash. His tone was definitely more than a bit snippy. I tried to look at him and ask him why he was acting this way, but I was ignored, as was my friend who was similarly shocked.
I know that The Country Club has a "thing" where they close out inside tabs of people going to the pool area after 5pm, but there was absolutely no announcement of the outside bar tabs being closed after 5pm. Not one. But, whatever. If Frankie felt the need to be rude to me, that's alright. I wasn't going to let it ruin my day. My friend and I went to the inside bar to settle up, we intended to get our cards back and return to the pool area. As we're signing our receipts, my friend says to the inside bartender (some built, attractive guy, have no recollection of his name), "Is there a reason that the bartender outside was so rude to us?" to which the inside bartender replies, "Well, it's a busy day."
At that point, I look him right in the eye and asked, "Are you serious?" I will also note that there was a "manager" (older guy with shaved head and polo) who heard this entire conversation and said nothing. When my friend asked for the manager, polo shirt dude acknowledges us and we explain the situation, to which he says, "Well, I'm sorry."
Yeah. We immediately packed up our stuff and left. I don't think I've ever been spoken to more rudely in my life. The ONLY one who had some sincerity of an apology was the scruffy, bearded security dude who actually apologized to us as we were leaving. I seriously thought on writing a Yelp review for the past month since this has happened because I felt bad dissing the place, but this was such a letdown, especially after all the good times I've had there. That's honestly the reason why I didn't have it in my heart to give 1 star. Maybe I'll go back someday, but after that debacle, it'll most definitely be a while.After making reservations weeks in advance for a Sunday morning on arrival the hostest could not find our reservation. The sheet she was looking at was a paper filled with messy handwriting so I guess I'm not surprised, but they were still able to accommodate us on the porch which was fine since it was a beautiful morning. Food was fantastic, and they kept up alright with our bottomless mimosas though I thought 20$ per person was a little much.Chill atmosphere! Music is great! Ambiance is nice! I really like what they did with the remodeling! Lay by the pool and relax!Fun exterior of a building that looks grand in the neighborhood and the street in particular. The bar in the back of the building looks nice, and the front dining rooms look airy. As for the drinks: hey, happy hour has $3 gin and tonics. What more should I say? The thing that could take this place down a notch to three stars is that people with way too little clothing for their age would come in from the pool to the bar.This place is awesome, I dropped by on my visit to New Orleans and felt so comfortable. Thursday nights are ladies night, which was my jam. $3 well drinks and friendly people.
I enjoyed the clothing optional swimming and everyone seemed really chill about it. Never experienced a bar like that before, it was great! I will certainly be back if I ever visit New Orleans again.If you're in nola for vacation, Def check out the country club! It's a great place to relax. The pool is saltwater!! Get there early if you like to actually swim as, later in the day, the place becomes a party. Also, the food is phenomenal.No nudity anymore and the grild cheese is teaxs toast big...if i wanted a loaf of bread with my cheese, i would go to sams club.What a great brunch! My friends took me here for my birthday and it was amazing. Fantastic food, great service, and a wonderful show. We loved it!!!!!Atmosphere, service, & food was excellent. 
We were greeted by a wonderful hostess, who after our meal gave us a tour of the place. It is a real Country Club - salt water pool and all & a 24 person hot tub!!! For a fee $15 a day you can use the pool and all it facilities.Super laid-back (pool area with a very nice-sized pool is clothing optional) with great food and drinks at reasonable prices. Mostly cool, down to earth totally nonjudgmental crowd.Went on a Sunday afternoon.  The brunch menu was short and full of classic brunchy dishes at reasonable brunch prices.  "Small plates" does mean small though, you might want to get a side with that french toast.  I recommend the grits because they make GREAT grits (is it weird to get excited about grits?)  Service was a little slow, which wasn't really a problem except I kept finding the bottom of my $10 bottomless mimosa.
I wasn't sure what to expect from the rest of the place, having never been to a clothing-optional club.  I was impressed!  The bartenders are topless and waxed and oiled and beautiful.  The pool area was full of people in various states of undress, mostly minding their own business or chatting at the bar.  There was some europop style music going in the background but nothing instrusively loud.
Even if you didn't plan on going for a swim, you might as well check it out because you don't need a suit and clean towels are only $1.  Just borrow some sunscreen, OK?The food has definitely become a strong selling point for me at the Country Club. Great staff, food and ambiance.Great atmosphere, very generous portions. I was there for brunch with friends. I had the Beef Debris w/ poached eggs & hash browns. The bottomless mimosas were great also.Naked swimming. Yes please. Definitely one of my all time favorite hangouts in Nola. In the summer time you can find me there multiple times a week. The atmosphere is great. Everyone is really accepting of each other so that's a plus for the clothing optional aspect. They have a great happy hour and its ladies night every Thursday!
The bartenders are great. The pool area is so relaxing and a great place to just wind down and have a good time. 
I've eaten of the bar menu once and was wholly satisfied with my meal. I am still waiting for a chance to go for brunch because who doesn't love bottomless mimosas! 
If you are open minded and like to have a good time I would definitely recommend this spot to you especially on a hot New Orleans day!Sitting at the bar is a great way to go at most restaruants, but especially pays off here on a Sunday during football season.  Take advantage of the endless mimosa offer, they never let your drink get empty!  The bartenders are very friendly and the crowd is great here.  When the Saints score a touchdown, free shots all around at the bar!  The food is amazing, especially the mac and cheese.  Took a bit of time to get our food but definitely worth it.  Plan to spend some time here, so much fun!Really fun place and great staff. But for spending hours their and a lot of money they make no effort to be generous in a free drink or anything. I think after 6 hours and $200 total it would go a "short way" to give a free drink and not expect the patrons to be paying for shots of the already drunk bartenders.Friendly, beautiful bar and restaurant. It's a gay bar but everyone is welcome. They show football games and play good music. There is a pool in the back you can swim in naked if you want for a fee.
But really friendly bartenders. A nice place to relax with friends. Great brunch!Great food and atmosphere.  Service could have been better. Recommended by the St James Hotel, good callThis is a unique experience, not only in New Orleans, but in the entire U.S.  It's a restaurant with high quality cuisine, a bar with top-notch bartenders, and a private "resort" in the back that includes a swimming pool, a 15-20 person hot tub, a cabana bar, dry heat sauna, outdoor and indoor showers, as well as a lot of area to lay out and a cabana bar by the pool. If that weren't enough, there are usually masseurs standing by, if you so desire. This all happens in an 1850's mansion in the Bywater neighborhood just downriver from the French Quarter and Faubourg Marigny. The food prices are very good in relation to the quality you receive. The chef is a Louisiana born Cajun boy trained in France. The seafood specials are always spectacular and very fresh. The soups are quite amazing and creative.Food: good
Service: good
Ambiance: trendy / cool
Came here with a group of 11 (girls weekend) and we all loved this spot! The interior is STUNNING and they do a drag show. So much fun. The food is also great (portions big). I got the fried green tomatoes with eggs and it was cooked perfectly. Wish we had time to stay and hang by the pool, but will come back next time I'm in town. 
Make sure to check out the women's bathroom too! Sounds strange, but just do it!Unfortunately we didnt experience the drag brunch but we enjoyed our regular brunch immensely. We were 8 picky girls and the food, drinks, and service were perfection. Try the truffle Mac n cheese! Portions were huge! Tony and the rest of the staff are awesome. Can't wait to go back next time we're in town.So.. my husband and I came here on one of the many extremely hot days of our one week vacation in NOLA. It was recommended to us by our airbnb host (who lives locally). The Country Club is a hidden gem: it's very tastefully decorated and designed, and it had a casual, friendly atmosphere. It only cost us $12 each for the entire day, which we thought was reasonable. We liked that there were lockers, a sauna, and showers. The pool area was beautiful: large pool with floaties to use, plenty of chaise lounges, wonderful hot tub surrounded by nice landscaping, outdoor bar with friendly bartenders and CHEAP drinks during happy hour!! We also liked that there was a restaurant inside where we could order food and take it out to the pool area. One other perk: no children allowed! The pool was nice and quiet and relaxing.. no screaming or splashing... ahh.. so nice.
The things we didn't like: The changing area in the locker room was co-ed! It posed an immediate problem when my husband walked into the changing area and a girl was naked from the shower.. It created an awkward, uncomfortable situation!!! We also didn't like that there were cameras everywhere in the changing area... AND.. inside the sauna. We understand that there was an assault here and they were put there for security measures, but at the same time, it felt like an infringement on our privacy. I changed in the stall provided, because a camera was pointing straight at me in the main locker area. Also, they charge for towels.. We brought our own, but you would think that a pool you pay to use would provide them. In addition we didn't like that smoking was allowed in the pool area. Everyone was smoking except for us, and I have allergies/asthma, so I had to keep moving around to get away from the clouds of smoke that appeared continuously. I also want to add that it is a shame that Country Club is no longer clothing optional. It would have made for a more unique and enjoyable experience, had it been that way. It seemed strange that there were cameras everywhere, but the security was very lax otherwise.. the security guard who was there ended up going swimming in his underwear, and sitting in the hot tub on his iPhone. Not much security going on. However, we would recommend coming here to relax and beat the summer Louisiana heat!I love this place. I have never had a bad experience here! I recently had my birthday brunch here and as always it was fabulous. Upon approaching The Country Club it just makes you feel all extra Southern or maybe it's just me! 
Food: For Brunch I can't go wrong with the Chicken and Waffles... I love that chick and waffles with the Steen Syrup.  When I first taste that syrup it changed my life forever I think. I will never be  the same after. I can't get it enough on a Sunday Brunch.
Staff is amazing.So friendly and wonderful.
I just love this place.Had drinks by the pool. Sunny, relaxed, friendly. The other guests were easy to chat with. The cocktails were tasty. We found it clean and inviting.I don't know of a time where I had this much fun and enjoyed every last second of my visit. My best friend and I took a trip to NOLA, and while I was researching where to go I stumbled upon The Country Club and the fact they do a Drag Brunch every 1st and 3rd Saturday of the month. Just our luck we were there for a 1st Saturday.
The staff: Exceptional!!! So friendly, and attentive to your needs. Our server was great and made sure our $10 bottomless mimosas were always full. The hostess was so wonderful, and helped  us with getting a cab and giving us some good recommendations on where to go.
The Food: HOLY COW! YUUUMMYY!!! I got the chicken and waffles and I was very much so happy with my decision. There were some great options so it made it tough to choose from
The Queens: I'm in love!!! What a great way to start your Saturday morning. They were great and put on such a fun show. They totally interact with you and make it so fun. We even chit chatted with some of them after the show
The Crowd: Even better! Everyone was just having such a great time. Towards the end of the show we joined a table of fun people that were celebrating a birthday. They let us have a big dance floor party for a few minutes which was great. 
If you are looking for a good place to go food wise as well as fun and entertaining, YOU MUST go to The Country Club. You will not regret it.Alas. Second visit was a complete DISASTER...
A good friend and I meet in New Orleans every year for a few days of food and fun.  We had the time of our lives at the Country Club when we visited last year. However, today's visit was marred by poor service, gross people in the jacuzzi, and a "nickel and dime" policy for amenities that were previously free.
Sad to say that this once-fabulous oasis has dried up.  Won't be back.I was the MOH in my friends wedding and she had 20 (YES 20!) girls at the bachelorette in NOLA. It was rough finding many places that had availability for that number of people. I am also obsessed with brunch (preferably bottomless) since it's such a big trend in DC so I was determined to find one during our NOLA visit. The Country Club was a little bit away from the Bourbon Street hype and was the only place we had to take a cab to and from aside from the airport. However, I am so glad we did! This place was adorable from inside out, a converted house and they were so accommodating to our big group. The food was very good and they kept the bottomless drinks coming. The waitress was attentive and worked with us on the bill since we had so many people. We did not realize it was a gay bar until we saw a young man walking around practically in his underwear... haha but it was in the bar area and it did not bother our group (even the moms) most of us thought it was hilarious. Despite that, there was a diverse group of people there in general so we didn't feel unwelcome or out of place. If you love brunch and are in NOLA, (and don't mind possibly seeing some cheeks!) you must visit!This is the cutest place on earth. Went here for brunch with a bachelorette party and we had a lovely time. The decor is to die for, excellent service and the playlist was lit. Lox bagel was underwhelming but the truffle mac made up for it.Amazing vibe. Gorgeous pool. Food was delicious. I would absolutely recommend coming here if you're in NOLA. Staff was really nice. We came here waiting for our Airbnb to be available and they let us chill for hours.Y'all...this is my happy place. We discovered The Country Club by accident, on our way to a restaurant that wasn't open for about an hour or so. We ordered a few amazing appetizers, and then decided we'd return the next day for brunch and a swim. Brunch was tasty: we shared a few salads and I had the chilaquiles. The pool is wonderful in the winter: a great way to relax and recharge after a long night out. I will absolutely come back here.We just finished a really good brunch. Unlimited mimosas were tasty. We ordered the chicken tortilla soup as our starters. The soup was flavorful but it could have been served at a higher temperature. It just a temp or two higher than warm. Next I had the shrimp and grits and he had the crab cakes Benedict. Yummy for both of us. Once you get passed the fact that the grits could have been warmer the food was very good. The sausage definitely made the shrimp and grits a good meal. It had just the right amount of spice to carry the dish. My boyfriend's crab cake Benedict had perfectly poached eggs with hollandaise sauce and home fries. Once again very tasty. We also order a separate waffle. And while it was very tasty, it was $8.00. Are you kidding me!  It was only a waffle. It didn't even come with strawberries or whipped cream. But I can't complain too much, it was still an enjoyable experience. Oh and as if we didn't eat enough we also decided to indulge with a slice a German chocolate cake. It was worth it. Only thing that would have make it better is if they would have had vanilla bean ice cream. Darn. 
Our bill came to $65 for the two of us before tip. A little pricey but if you stay on the brunch menu you will not be disappointed. 
Almost forgot the mimosas were awesome. Just the right mix of orange juice and champagne. Hoping I don't have a hangover tomorrow.Great bar, great food, great atmosphere, great people, and AMAZING new interior art and decor. I thought I couldn't possibly like this place more than I already did, but they've taken it to another level.Came here for the drag brunch as well as the pool! Drag brunch was very entertaining and we had so much fun. Food was DELICIOUS and bottomless mimosas were generously poured. Great service. We paid to have a day pass to the pool afterwards . At fish we were disappointed that there were not enough chairs but once we got in the pool we never got out! It was heated and very comfortable. Drinks were. Little pricey for the size but overall we had a great experienceThe food was amazing and the staff very friendly. I had the crab cake and poached egg and side of friend green tomatoes. It was all amazing. I also tried my friends' chicken and waffles, truffle Mac and cheese, grits and polenta. Everything was delicious.I never visited before the clothing ban so I can't comment on that, but when I came for a private work event, I must say, I was impressed. 
The atmosphere itself was nice. I wasn't expecting it to look like it did on the inside. Not to mention, the pool area! Too bad it was too cold outside for people to actually swim. 
The food and drinks were delicious too! I had a margarita on the rocks with salt, and I am so glad that when I said "with salt", they made sure that whole rim was covered fully (because I love salt that much and hate when I only have a few salt sprinkles on my margarita).
Anyway, it's a great place even after the clothing ban!Overall, I enjoyed the show. The MC was very friendly and offered to give change before they got started. The holiday decor was a nice touch, and each performer gave a different experience. I had only been to one drag bar in Atlanta, but this was an interesting contrast. I ordered a burger, and It was very tasty.
The only drawback, is the service. It was very slow and the requests for bottomless mimosas became pushy after a while. I think there may have been only two waitresses, so they did what they could, but we waited almost 40 minutes for our check. I ran into one of the performers in the restroom, he had eaten and changed out of his costume. I was a little disappointed, but I would definitely recommend this bar to other people.I love this place. It's fun, it's decadent, it's whatever you want it to be.
Obviously, it gets more busy in the summer, when people flock to the pool. But you got an indoor bar, pool table, and a wonderful restaurant to get you through the winter months. They also added indoor sauna/steam/shower this year.
The pool/jacuzzi/sunbathing area is 21+ and clothing optional. You'll see all kinds of people here - different shapes, ages, races. That's what makes the CC great. Everybody's laid back, and nobody's gonna harass you.
If you go often enough, get a season pass. If you are service industry, you get it at a discount.Love the vibe at TCC. Arrived for Easter Brunch, looking forward to a relaxing and quiet morning with my husband. We were promptly seated, but the server in our area was clearly overwhelmed with her assignment, and made it well known-not an awesome experience as a paying customer. As a result, we were finally taken care of by Tony, who was friendly and efficient. The Smoked Salmon Benedict was very good, and the grits were tasty as well. My husband had the Fried Green Tomato Benedict, which he enjoyed. All in all a cool place and food was good. I would encourage the management to mentor the staff about appropriate communication when guests are present.I stopped in here one afternoon to have a couple of drinks with a friend.  The employees at the Country Club went above and beyond their job duties.  My jacket was stolen here (not their fault) and not only did the manager review the security tapes to see what happened (thief was identified), but he reimbursed me for the jacket and let me borrow his jacket as long as I needed it during my visit and trusted me to return it to him - which I did.  The bar staff is also a lot of fun.  They turned a bad experience into a really great day.  I will be back here next time I'm in town.We didn't get to eat but the drinks were great and the pool was so fun! Wish we were in town longer so we could have come back!Great lunch i had at the bar,great service and the food was divine,a salad with endive,apple,blue cheese,cranberries,sooooooo,good,a fantastic debone rabitt legs wrap in crunchy bacon fill with artichokes and roasted serve with couscous and honey roasted endive,soooooooo good,they had just finish cooking a tray of rasberrie and blackberrie cobler so i had to order one,hot and bubly top with creamy whip cream,wao,thank you Mary Jane (chef)one of the best meal i have had in New Orleans.FANTASTIQUE.The Pool:
I have been coming here for over a year now and I love this place!  My husband and I just find it to be a great way to get out of the house and unwind.  He particularly loves being in the hot tub and I love floating around in the pool at night staring up at the stars.  For pool time, we always go at night and its rarely ever that crowded.
The clothing optional part is great.  There is no pressure to be nude if you aren't comfortable, but I have seen many people ease into it over the evening.  For ladies, its nice that you can be either totally nude or just topless.  
The drinks are a pretty decent price, but if the bar isn't open outside its important that you just go ahead and order a large double.  Otherwise, you'll find yourself having to get dressed to fetch another drink. 
The Food:
I have only had brunch here, but I love it.  My favorite dish is the creole eggs benedict that comes with potatoes and peppers.  The coffee is always good and they have $10 bottomless mimosas.  The service can be slow, but as long as they keep the mimosas coming I'm fine with that.
I am so happy that I found this little gem in the Bywater!The drag brunch was better than I thought it would be, fun if you're with a group of people and enjoy a 1980s Pat Benatar sing-along.  Very nice ambience, even to sit at the bar is nice. Food, I had eggs and polenta for brunch with roasted mushrooms and sautéed kale, was really needing some vegetables.   The bottomless Mimosa's were surprisingly tasty for bottomless Mimosa's.   You need cash to tip the Queens.I've been here before but since they've done some updating, a few brief notes are in order.  First, this is in reference to dinner, and the bar.
I needn't say the food is first-rate because first, it was on our last visit, but it's even better due to the fact that the chef from Commander's Palace (still worth a visit) moved over here.  I'm a bit surprised at the change, but it is more than welcome.  There's a new menu, and while not sparse, it is a wonderful selection.  The roasted oysters were a stand out, and I usually only like them raw.  I went with the mussels and my wife had the gulf fish, both wonderful.  
My only criticism, and the reason for only 4 stars, is with the bar.  I understand they have just remodeled and are updating the menu, but you need a cocktail menu and bartenders that can make them.  Unfortunately, for a fine dining restaurant, the guys behind the bar are better suited to slinging hurricanes on Bourbon Street. A Sazerac doesn't have to be as good as one from The Sazarec Bar (and it won't be anywhere else either) but it should taste like a Sazerac. So please, get it together back there.  After dinner we usually head to the bar for a nice nightcap, What we experienced was more dive bar attitude in a nice environment.
Still, next time we visit and stay in the Bywater, we will be back, this time for the drag show brunch.Great food . I had the open face chicken sandwich on brioche . I'm already thinking about what I'm going to get next time I'm there !I've been through all the incarnations here, before and after katrina.  today, I went for food.  also, another nod to the many incarnations.  this time they seem to have simplified the menu, nothing crazy, or jumping out at me.  but... looks tasty.
   I started with a glass of red wine.  when I ordered the house, I was told that it was box wine.  thats sad.  I remember previous occasions, that was never even PUT on the table.  the waitress was really great, and brought me a nice glass of wine from a bottle.  thank you.
     I ordered duck potstickers.  nice.  not globby, not overwhelmingly heavy, like so many people do them...  light, and I liked the beans and the dip.   but add something more to them.  some spice, some nuts, something to make them stand out a little more, and I can do without the wilted lettuce underneath.   other than that, they were good.
   I looked at the strawberry salad, and am still kicking myself for not trying it.  instead I went with the cuban, WHICH?  says lots for my going back and forth on what to eat.  big glob of meat, with melted cheese thrown onto a long bun, with cajun mustard, and some other stuff, didn't really stand out for me.  I drowned it with ketchup, as the creole mustard was a bit much. A very dry sandwich...   try again.  this is a simple sandwich, and spread the chopped meat out to fill the bun.  liked the pickles, they helped.   fries good, aioli?  try again.
    the shrimp and asparagus soup was lovely.  the catfish and crab?  try again.  this is a dish I've seen so many times, and it just didn't stand out.  the german potato salad?  again, with the creole mustard.
  I miss the duck salad I had back when?  another owner, and another incarnation.  the music was pretty loud, which was okay, and I went to the pool for about a minute, and that was okay.  but what would make this place so much better?  is feng shui.  In all the incarnations, the bar doesn't really function in the space its in.  it works against it.It seems strange that I haven't written a review for the Country Club yet. Since I have been doing nothing but singing its praises lately, I guess I should Yelp! that shit. I really like this place. I am not a nudity person at all. No really, in high school I mastered the art of changing into clothes without taking the other ones off and I have stuck by that trade. I have never felt uncomfortable in this environment. That being said, you probably won't catch me here on the most crowded days of the year, but I have been to Sunday brunches, Thursday Ladies Night, and a few random weekdays and have always had a good time. I have heard from some people that it can get sketch and people try to solicit other things while in the pool, but creepers gonna creep folks. Go with friends, enjoy your group, meet some new people, eat some tasty food, drink some good drinks, laugh with friendly people and relax.I had such a great time here. I visited with another friend and we practically had the pools to ourselves during the week. It was a bit chilly out but the pools were hot, admission was cheap, and the service was SUPER friendly. The food was so-so and the showers were lacking (no soap, and the shampoo dispenser was broken) but now I know to bring my own stuff. I felt funny in the unisex shower room but it worked out since it was a slow nightTalk about a New Orleans experience more so talk about amazing food and a beautiful atmosphere and probably one of the most amazing settings I've ever sat outside to enjoy the food and good company and a beautiful veranda.  Perfect detailed waitstaff Tommy was amazing. The drinks were spot on. The country club is my new favorite go to place in New OrleansWe had a wonderful experience for brunch at the Country Club. The wait staff was very attentive and the food was to die for. We won't wait too long before we return to this remarkable establishment. The bottomless mimosas were what brought us but the wonderful food and outstanding service will bring us back.I went for two Sunday brunches back to back to celebrate my birthday. The first time, not so hot but I think we had come after a crazy morning so all the servers were wiped and way behind. However, the second time was awesome! Wendy, their new hostess is the "Hostess with the Mostess"! She was funny, entertaining, witty, welcoming and just plain old awesome-sauce. Our server, which I could remember but now alludes me was also terrific. Our "bottomless Mimosas" never got to the bottom. I asked if I could have a bloody mary with bacon in it--and voila! Yes you can! I ordered the Holy Roller Grilled Cheese which was absolutely sinful. The week before I had the tried and true Chicken and Waffles, but because again due to a busy morning, the chicken tasted like the frier (eh) and was pretty dry. (Maybe sat in the window too long.) Next time if I order it, I'll be adding some gravy of some sort on top, or ordering a side of melted butter. Then we went back to the pool to catch rays, drink cocktails and pass away the sunny afternoon. I love this place.They have good food, and a good vibe outside by the pool (Which is Clothing optional) Specials on different days give a variety. They did start offering me the service industry deal on SIN special days. Have since gone a few more times. Not sure how strict they are on the annual member package for SIN. I know its gone up in price, and the discount is less. I have not been enough to justify looking into the membership yet. I don't do on weekends, but I hear the summer day rate for Saturday is higher. They must be doing something right to get enough people to need to raise the rate to keep it from getting too crowded. 
(SIN=Service Industry)My first review ever, and what a great place to start. The concept of good food, liquor, and a swimming pool with a jacuzzi is brilliant. I really enjoyed this establishment, but perhaps we were fortunate, as our group of four had the place almost to ourselves.We popped over to The Country Club for brunch last Sunday and HOLY COW was it amazing. The place was packed and jumping, which is always a good sign, but our wait ended up only being 5 or 10 minutes.
When we sat down, the waitress was immediately super friendly. Naturally, we opted into the bottomless mimosas ($10 with an entree, $20 a la carte), which was a solid life decision. From there, I looked over the menu and had a heck of a time deciding on what to eat because everything looked utterly amazing. 
I settled on the biscuits with andouille gravy and good lord, it was one of the single best things I've ever eaten. No lie. Let me tell you: the meal comes with a poached egg on top and I actually loved it. That might not seem like a thing, but I am an egg sissy and only eat my eggs scrambled, so it says something that I ate up every last bit of that. 
My dining partners all enjoyed their meals, too. All around, a fantastic brunch spot. Will be back!Two words: bottomless mimosas! That's kind of a big criteria for us when searching out a brunch place. This place had that and delicious food to match. I had a very nice eggs benedict and my brunching partner also enjoyed his meal. The front porch was lovely and the service was great.The Country Club is a great place to eat and get entertained. My wife and i had a really good experience i say try it!Probably my favorite experience during our trip to New Orleans was the drag brunch followed by a pool day at The Country Club. The Queens were fabulous and put on a great show. The food was delicious. The bottomless mimosas flowed. Our service was superb. What a great time. Would recommend going to the earlier brunch if you plan on hitting the pool afterwards which I would also highly recommend. Thank you, Country Club staff we plan on making this a stop every time we visit your city.Neal and I were standing like two tourists at the side of the road scouring a map when a big bellied Cajun gentleman (who I am almost positive was wearing a straw boater hat and suspenders) appeared from his front porch and asked us if we needed help.  We let him know we were looking for a place to eat, and he pointed us toward The Country Club.  His recommendation, 'I love it there, and they got dat clothing optional swimming pool."The large plantation style restaurant was charming and the food was really good.  Although we have yet to visit the pool/bar in the back, we hope we do not run into our adviser doing the backstroke.Great entertainment, average food better had it not been cold. The service was absolutely terrible. It took us 40 minutes just to be able to order, not even coffee served during that time and we had to actively hunt down the waiter multiple times. Management tried to make it right, but then dropped the ball. The manager tracked down our waiter and pitched in immediately following to help with coffee and mimosas. However, the waiter's persistently poor attitude killed management's initial efforts. 
At the end of the meal, we had salt rubbed in the wound. We were charged an extra item and also not comped one that the manager said would be comped. It took an extra 30 minutes for us to not be able to track down the waiter - again. Before just going straight to the cashier for payment. Cherry on top? It was auto-gratuity of 20% that could not be removed. No wonder the waiter had no incentive. He knew he'd get a tip regardless. 
A shame, because the concept is fun despite the music that is a touch too loud between performances. Do not recommend, plenty of other places you can see a drag show.An excellent nearby retreat away from the drama and crowds of the Marigny and Quarter. Food and drinks are wonderful. The outside pool area and the inside facilities are relaxing and well cared for. Friendly servers and clientele. Weekend brunch is very pleasant. See you there!Have only had the brunch but I will be back. Love the bottomless memosas. Staff is friendly and attentive. The traditional breakfast was fantastic.This place is fabulous! We went for a Coolinary dinner and started off with  party of 4 which grew to a party of 9. They easily and eagerly accommodated us. The renovations are beautiful! The wait staff is awesome! Everyone had a variety of food that was really delicious and more than reasonably priced. I would highly recommend The Country Club!This was worth the cab out to the Bywater! The Country Club is a restaurant/bar/swimming spot(?) all located within this big beautiful old house. There are various dining rooms but I ate my meal at the bar next to the doorway to the pool. I was in much need of a bit of the hair of the dog so I ordered a Bloody Mary from the most friendly and informative bartender, Drew. He put every bit of bar produce imaginable in to this Bloody Mary including spicy green beans and my god this hit the spot. I am super picky about my Bloody Marys and this one had the perfect blend of savory and spice! 
He then offered to show me around the pool without having to buy a membership (since I didn't plan on swimming) The pool is gorgeous and very well kept. Be warned, the folks here strip to their birthday suits here so this isn't for the bashful. 
I then ordered some macaroni & cheese with chicken & peas added (thanks to Drew's suggestion) and it was so YUM! They added 4 different kinds of cheese and some sort of spice that added a tiny hint of kick. I was in heaven. Hangover was banished!I love the Country Club and have been going there before I even moved to New Orleans. Back when you could be naked....kind of a bummer that you can't be naked anymore only due to the fact that I wanted to tan my bum this summer, but oh well....at least there won't be an awkward amount of swinging dicks all over the place! Food is good here, drinks are reasonable and staff are sweet. The best is to come here when it's raining out (it's always happy hour when it rains) and then get in the hot tub. No one will be there and it's very relaxing.My daughters and I had Sunday brunch during our recent getaway to NOLA and our meal was outstanding. Sunshine our server, was friendly and prompt even with a full station. The bottomless mimosas were a big hit with us. Fried oysters started our meal off and they were tender and crispy with a delicious sauce. In fact we ordered some biscuits as an afterthought to enjoy what was left of the sauce.
We had fried green tomatoes, beef debris and crab cakes, all served with poached eggs. What a delight- each meal was perfectly prepared and plated. Our glasses were continually topped off.
We ended our meal with cappuccinos and baked ricotta with peaches and pistachio. The dessert was creamy and crunchy and fruity. Frankly the three of us devoured one; we probably should have ordered two. 
This brunch is a fond memory our girls weekend together. If ever we make a return trip to New Orleans I would certainly put a stop at the country club on our itinerary.This place is just fabulous! LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, IT.  I feel like I am out of the city for the day, the courtyard is so lovely and provides lots of room with greenery everywhere. Its nicely sectioned off too, so you feel like you have a bit of privacy. The sauna is very European like and clean clean! Everybody is really chill that hangs out there, you don't feel like you have any pervs checking you out if you go topless. Everybody keeps to themselves. The food is really awesome and the drinks are always cold!Excellent!! Try the Drag Show brunch. The food is good and the entertainment is great! Seating at the bar is first come basis and is ok for 2-3 people. For 4 or more I recommend reservations however they need to be made months in advance.you can't say you 'did' New Orleans without an afternoon here. great mimosas, great pool and the new art they just had done inside is GORGEOUS. love it!We started off with the boudin boulettes. Three huge crispy pieces. The pepper jelly was a nice addition to this appetizer. 
The crispy gulf Oysters had pickled mustard seeds which I thoroughly enjoyed. I loved the triple mac-N-cheese. There was just enough truffle oil. It wasn't overpowering. I had the fried green tomatoes and poached eggs. The sauce was amazing. I wanted to lick the bowl it was so good! 
The drag show was fun! The ladies were talented and funny. I loved the clothes and music.The place is gorgeous. 
Food was delicious. 
Sound system not so great, but unlimited mimosas kept the vibe up!Very strict no kids policy in the day time. Just a shout out to parents. I'd want the same if I came here without my kid. :) looked very cool and comfortableDrag brunch- so yummy! And so fun! The power went out while we were there but the queen kept the show going. Bow down to her! Such an amazing experience.I absolutely adore this place. No better hangover cure than laying by the pool and having yourself a nice bloody mAry. Worth the price. Also excellent service.The food was amazing. We had the holy roller and the crab cake eggs Benedict. The holy roller was so good and was a decent amount of food. The crab cake on the crab cake eggs Benedict was cooked perfectly and was not dry at all. We had bottomless mimosas and the service was awesome. The mimosas were truly bottomless and I will definitely be back soon!This place is a must visit! But be forewarned- make your reservations in advance because this place gets BOOKED! The food was so YUMMY and service was diligent. The drag show that comes as an added bonus was simply icing on the cake. It's def not for the shrewd or faint at heart but if you are ready and willing to have a good time with lasting memories, this is a go to spot!
The decor is super artsy with added flair. There's a front deck and a pool outside, I believe you can request outside seating but unsure if the pool is members only. I took a group of friends during Essence Festival and they thoroughly enjoyed it. I will definitely be back. 
Do be mindful with large groups the seating may be tight, but that's what a mimosa refill is for.I was writted off by the facility and its management. Yes, I talked to the manager, and was told that they" do NOT consider barista's and waiters service industry. " "you do not qualify for service industry discount" 
not to mention there hot tub on more than one occasion (more than a week apart) was colder than the pool.The crab bisque was good. Wish I could have eaten the $14 salad I ordered, but I got the wrong dressing and the aloof bartender never bothered to check on us after our food came out. I've been in the service industry for a decade- if someone is sitting there with a full entree in front of them for half an hour, something is wrong. Go check on them, especially when you only have 6 people at your bar, and don't make them flag you down for a check. You don't have to actually care, but at least pretend you do. 
Save yourself the annoyance of bad service and go to Markey's if you're in the bywater.What a cool place!  We sat on the porch and enjoyed a few drinks.  Next time we will bring our swim suits!1) Yelp sucks, because I can't write a review, apparently, without installing their sucky app, which I will delete immediately after writing a review of the Country Club. The only reason I'm even using Yelp is because the experience was so bad that it merits the effort in order to get wide exposure. 2) The Country Club reservations system is probably a money loser. They should go to first-come, first-serve. We were told we couldn't reserve a brunch table of 6 because the restaurant was packed. After we sat at the bar for two hours commenting on how empty the restaurant was, the empty reserved tables were finally broken up for smaller first-come, first-serve guests. How many people were turned away in the interim? How many table turns could a well-trained, seasoned staff have accomplished in that time period? I've worked in the business. Brunches can be a big deal. What a wasted opportunity. 3) The bartender is the only reason the Country Club isn't getting one star. He was exceptionally attentive, kind, and produced interactions right on time.- suggesting he's learned the fine art of managing and predicting customer desires. 4) The food sucked, and that alone carries the weight of my impression. I ordered something called "Honduran chile rellenos." Now, I've been to Honduras, and I've been to a lot of "Mexican" Americanized restaurants, and for three years worked in an authentic southwestern restaurant. So I have a picture in mind, and a flavor concept, when I think of Honduran chile rellenos. The Country Club could not have missed the mark farther from what I anticipated. What I'm looking for is a  spicy long green chile - whatever's fresh and in season will do. Generally, that's a chile with some heat, and sized big enough to take a meat stuffing, but not so big that flavor is compromised. The chile is the star of this dish. An Anaheim might do, if they're spicy enough. A poblano isn't really the right shape or size, but that might do, too. There's a light, crispy fried batter that the chiles should be cooked in, and the stuffing should be a flavorful meat with melted cheese. What arrived, instead, was what seemed to be a large pinata-sized, unbreaded sweet green pepper, served with a side mixed green salad and balsamic vinaigrette that seemed more a garnish afterthought that suitable complement - such as pinto beans, or Honduran red beans, and rice. There was a slab of cheese melted on top of the pepper. Again, a seeming afterthought. Cutting into the pepper unleashed from the pinata a torrent of ground meat and watery juices - flavorless, as if the meat hadn't even been seasoned or browned. But the Country Club is a "new New Orleans" Bywater hipster hangout, so who am I to judge? Overall, it was one of the most forgettable dining experiences I've ever had in New Orleans, saved only by the fact that the bartender was on cue with mimosa refills. If that's the only draw, however, I won't be back to this sorry-assed establishment. The competition is just too good.Drag brunch is great! Good hardworking employees, fun pool, great cheap drinks. You have to be vigilant like you would patronizing any bar-like establishment, but the Country Club offers a great way to pass the time in the Bywater.We've mainly gone for the heated pool and hot tub, but brunch is hard to say no to especially with the bottomless mimosas. 
The late night menu isn't always in full effect during the year, so ask if it is before heading over after 9pm and you are hungry. The staff will send you next door to the local bar that serves up food late into the evening (but no dessert). I believe the late night menu begins after Mardi Gras (but not sure), that seemed to be the point that the menu was available as prior it was not. Perhaps it's a weather thing?
A beautiful space, the staff is sweet and thoughtful and very knowledgeable of the area. We've sampled almost the entire menu. There are not hardcore "favorites" as the food hits the spot. The chicken and waffles are yummy, sometimes there's an additive to the syrup which is not often always done, but it's a bit spicy/bitter if that makes sense. The chicken is boneless so you can eat it all and not worry about bones.
The grounds are well kept. The lockers and such are first come first serve, the area to change is 1. unisex, 2. clothing optional, 3. small. There's only one stall as a restroom and a urinal. There is a bar that opens when the late night menu is available outside. 
This is a great spot on those winter-almost-coming-to-a-close nights. It can get crowded throughout the day. We went mainly at night and the crowd can range from young college students who are loud and drunk to local folks who are relaxing to folks cruising (of course). 
I was worried we'd be a handful of queer people of Color, this was true usually, but we were not the only ones (if you include the security staff). Street parking is available, location to lock up bikes are abundant. However, it's not very wheelchair accessible. There is a sign with a wheelchair indicating usage on the right side of the building, but when our friend needed it the door was locked and when asked about it to staff they said that door is always locked unless for deliveries (which sort of eliminates the purpose and is in violation of the ADA). So, keep that in mind that usage of the bathrooms are not accessible as there are stairs inside and outside and now wheelchair accessible location/way to enter or access either.
Overall a great value, and relaxing spot if you get in on a night that's not too crowded.We had brunch here on a Sunday and it was excellent. I had the BEAT and fried green tomatoes.  The service is great. Best to not be in a hurry and take in the ambiance. Next time I plan to go to the pool and order lunch. Tony was our server and he was great!  Definitely recommend this as a place to go out of the normal French quarter area but still close by. We were at the Ritz and it was an $8.00 Uber rideWow during the weekend daylight hours this place has been taken over by hot women that love to get naked and show off their hot bodies.  If they didn't charge $5 for Abita Amber this establishment would be worthy of 5 stars just for the sheer magnitude of so many beautiful women.  They still have some dudes strutting around with their wangs dangling everywhere but the sheer number of attractive women makes up for that.Naked hot-tub/pool-party and cabana in a historic Plantation-style house, not pictured, for the sake of your grandmother, and family back in Minnesota ;)
Beautiful, well-kept. and friendly.  Hipsters at this oasis offer no snobbery or aloofness, only acceptance and fun!
Came here with a group to hot-tub it the night before we all flew back to our respective home-states.  So relaxing, so memorable, so fun!!
GO!  Just maybe don't bring grandma!Just, awesome. Bottomless mimosas on Sunday is great, and a great waitstaff.Not even really sure how to draft this review.
This place is .... UNIQUE. Stumbled across it walking around the Bywater and we decided to go back later that afternoon. What a decision. 
Go for a care-free, inexpensive, genuine time. Everybody is very open and cool and it can get really wild. My girlfriend and I were almost surely the only straight couple there, but that did not deter us from having the time of our lives. You need to go here and experience this place. Drinks were strong and the specials were good.I came here with my bf for the day and we just hung out by the pool getting cocktails and ordered a sandwich from inside.
No complaints. They are no longer a "clothing optional facility" so maybe it would have been a little more intense if it were, but whatever. My man and I did our own thing and didn't interfere with everyone else, so no problems. Just a nice chill day at the pool.The best thing about this place is the bottomless mimosas and they make a killer bloody mary. The atmosphere is fun, but the waitress left much to be desired. The food is ok, I ordered my eggs cooked over medium but they were still runny. There are much better brunch places in the city, but this is a super gay friendly place which we love love love.5 stars. Amazing!
We booked a reservation for Drag Brunch approximately 3 months in advance for a large bachelorette party. We were sat quickly upon arriving for our reservation. We all ordered bottomless mimosas. They really keep your glass full the entire time. Our food arrived at the perfect time for us to eat and then have our full attention on the show that followed. The food was great and our server was awesome. The show was pure perfection! The bachelorette got lots of attention and we had so much fun. We were celebrating in NOLA for 4 days and everyone in our large party agreed that this was the best activity we did! Must go see!!Stumbled upon the County Club one Sunday morning looking for a place to have brunch.  Went in to the bar and was chatting with Burt, one of the bartenders there.   His Bloodys are the BEST.  Then started drinking bottomless Mimosas.  This was around 11 am.  Had a great brunch.  The grits are "orgasmic" as my wife and Jenn put it.  Their Steak and Eggs were awesome.  The service is very slow so you have to have some patience but consider this drinking time.  We met Chef Coy and he is one cool dude.  Very personable.  Well at 6:30 pm we were given one last pitcher of Mimosa and told that we actually found the bottom....ended up eating dinner there and chatted with Coy some more. Great time.
It is a gay bar but the staff is not in your face.  The food is great and I have never had a bad meal there.  The wait time is slow but its worth the wait.  Cool place to chill and get drinks and apps if you just do not want to do dinner.  Last time we went with a group we were going for a drink some apps then go back to the house and get a shower and go out....well 6 hours later and a $500 tab we stumbled back to the house and passed out.  Not to mention the cool pool and hot tub in the back!  Good times!Cool pool/ bar, except someone stole my pair of Birkenstocks within the first hour I was there. Do NOT bring anything nice with you.I'd like to give this place a better review because we ended up having a good time there but first impressions are very important to me and this place did not do a good job with that at all.
Yes, the front is very lovely and inviting and as you walk into the beautiful old foyer you fill with excitement.  The architecture and building are really gorgeous.
But we had never been here before and didn't know much about the place and it's unique combination of services.
My quick look at pictures before we got there had given me the impression that we would be able to eat outside in their lovely garden and pool area.
That assumption was wrong and when the host was quite curt with me while showing me only a nearly empty dining room or the option of sitting out on the front porch I was a bit disappointed.  His manner bothered me much more than the seating options that he offered. I had actually spent quite a bit of time trying to find a special place to bring my sweetheart for our anniversary.
When I asked if we could eat on the back patio, the host explained to me that it cost eight dollars per person because it would also include use of the pool. He was annoyed. I asked if I could take a look and he said only by looking at the slideshow in the other room. I accepted this offer and we wandered into the bar section where there was a TV set up on one side and you could see what the back pool area looked like by looking at their promo pics.  
We were there for a celebratory purpose and the big vibrant bar space felt much more happening, friendly and was physically cooler so we opted to eat at the bar.
From this point, our experience improved considerably and the bartender made us a pair of really great bloody Mary's with lots of delicious pickled vegetables in them.
The food was pretty good too and I especially appreciated having a vegan sandwich option.
We enjoyed our second drink out on the front porch after the sun had gone down and things had cooled off some.  It's a really nice street view in the beautiful historical Bywater district.Let me start this off with how much I love this place. We had a large group there for a work meeting/lunch/social and Jonah was on point. The food was amazing - definitely get the Brussels sprouts, crispy oyster app, and the crab beignets... yummm!!!! Then we headed off to the pool for some amazing fun in the sun! The music was also rocking, kept the good vibes going the whole day. Can't wait to go back for a Saturday Drag Queen Brunch, heard it's not to be missed!Must try this place out. Great food, energy and staff. Was our first stop in New Orleans and was one of our most memorable stops!Truly wonderful brunch experience. Wait staff are fantastic, especially Sunshine! Food was great. We had the chilaquiles, lox bagel, and fried green tomatoes. The Country Club has something for every appetite and every taste preference. The fried green tomatoes rivaled my grandmas! 
Ambiance is an absolute 10/10. Perfectly curated decor from the front porch to the bathroom. An IG foodie's dream restaurant.Such an incredibly welcoming and chill place! This review is for the pool area only.  Kept meaning to try out the restaurant, but couldn't leave the pool and loungers!  
Spent a couple of afternoons and an evening here. Hours lying on a poolside lounger reading, great (and cheap!) drinks from the bar, fun pool and hot tub.  What's not to like? Never felt creeped out by anyone, and the staff ranged from OK to super nice, and the super nice ones were in the majority.  
You can order food at the bar, and if it's slow they'll bring it out to your lounger for you. We had a really good burger there, and the Voodoo pie, which was crazy delicious junk food- think Frito pie, but instead of Fritos it's a torn open bag of Zapp's Voodoo flavoured chips, covered in taco meat and a creamy/spicy/cheesey sauce.  Messy and salty and the perfect snack to accompany some day drinking. 
Note- we walked here from the edge of the French Quarter.  Take Royal or Dauphine.  We took Chartres the first time because we didn't know the area at all, and while we were fine, there are a lot of empty industrial stretches that felt sketchy at night.  Royal and Dauphine are much more populated and a more comfortable feeling walk.Change is the only constant. Change is good. Change has been good to The Country Club! 
It had been a while since I stepped through the doors of this old girl and was pleasantly surprised by her facelift. New art, bright walls, new menu but most importantly same fierce attitude ;-)
My brunch date and I sat at the bar where Nathan took very good care of us. I ordered the the Irish coffee my companion had the Bloody Mary which was delicious, only thing missing were a few shrimps to go with that perfect touch of horseradish. 
The menu as I mentioned is new, so gone is my club sandwich and a few other items. They have been replaced with more exciting plates such as  Boudin Balls, Fried Green Tomatoes and The Chilaquiles. 
My friend had the FGT which she loved and I haven stolen a bite did as well. Perfectly crunchy crust paired with runny poached eggs and a vibrant hollandaise sauce. 
My chilaquiles were a great take on the Mexican classic. The pork was tendered and full of flavor while the two sunny side up eggs mix wonderfully with the mild tangy salsa. 
Definitely get the bottomless mimosas as it offers the best bang for your buck. 
Will return not just for the food but to see how the final decor all comes together.
Ps. Boudin balls were also good.There is a poem by that states,
Going abruptly into a starry night
 It is ignorance we blink from, dark, unhoused; 
There is a gaze of animal delight 
Before the human vision. Then, aroused 
To nebulous danger, we may look for easy stars, 
Orion and the Dipper; but they are not ours, 
==============================================
I know I know...a 5 star...really?  Yes.  As a writer and educator of adolescent voice, setting holds a very high place for me.  The setting here is fantastic.  First you walk up the brick steps to the column patio, then you enter the doors to the restaurant/interior bar, and finally to the oasis in the back/exterior bar.
Internal setting has casual, but elegant furniture.  The art is by local artist often depicted a part of the city.  Service was good.  The waitress was attentive and answered questions to my Jewish date, who often feels judged for as what is Kosher.  They also had an extra menu for the meals whose 25% went to AID's research for The Dining for Life event.  The chef was also giving out a free bruschetta appetizer for the event.  My date ordered the Brisked which she commented on the very savory taste.  I ordered the peach based pork chop.  The peach sauce and peach salad was amazing.  The pork chop was good, but a little of the dry side.
The external setting, to me at least, is marvelous.  Palm trees, lounge chairs, bathrooms.showers, saunas, and of course the Pool/Jacuzzi...I get going back because I feel like I walk into a vacation beach paradise.  The pool is clothing optional and it is a welcoming transgender community.  Very relaxing.Well, I feel like if you're a tourist and patronize the same place twice in a week, you're obligated to post a good Yelp review. 
Pros:
- awesome food
- fantastic space
- sweet pool 
- nice crowd 
- reasonably priced, strong drinks 
Cons:
- can get kinda busy
- feels like a queer space overrun by straight people, which is a bummer 
- no longer clothing optional, sad day 
Verdict? Stop by. It's a load of fun.We came all this way from the French quarter looking for something that's delicious and not just for tourist, and we found exactly what we are looking for. The overall ambient of the place is well above everything we have visited so far, including some of the more popular places in downtown New Orleans. I would most definitely recommend this to anyone visiting Nola.
We came in on the day before the 4th for lunch, and business was slightly on the lighter side. The lunch menu was simple and succinct, which I always appreciate as a customer. I ordered the chili peppered flank steak from the lunch menu and it is absolutely gorgeous. From its presentation to its taste, one can see the amount of attention and passion for culinary perfection that was put in to the dish when it was being prepared. While I am not an expert in New Orleans cuisine, it is from this dish that I truly felt that New Orleans is indeed the food capital of the American cuisine. 
It was a very nice break from all the noise and crowdiness from French quarter. The dishes we ordered are very recently priced, and I hope to visit this place again the next time I'm in town.Orders house Bloody Mary's. made with Effin Vidka. Enjoyed the ceaser and  roasted corn salads. Shared the BLT. It was made with a roasted tomato, talk about juicy. Anxious to come back for the weekend brunch.I came here for one of the only public pools in New Orleans. This place is classic NOLA.
- Great drinks
- Eclectic crowd
- Clothing Optional policy (Read: prepare to see some dongs)
- Man with long, braided goatee giving deep-tissue, poolside massagesHad a great meal here the other day on the front porch.  I got the fried green tomato appetizer, which was out of this world!! SO good. I'd drive back JUST for this.  My main meal was the eggplant parmesan, which was ok...it was way to salty for my taste.  They add a lot of different peppers to their sauce, which isn't spicy but colorful (orange, not a red sauce), and it gives it a different taste.  I'd return, but try a different main meal.This place is amazing! From the beautiful yellow and green paint on the outside to the remodeled floors and hand painted birds and flowers on the walls to the Gorgeous Bathroom! I spent so much time taking pictures of the beautiful scenery! 
Ok now about the food, first of all I was sold at Bottomless Mimosas, they were everything, I had at least 6 glasses! I also indulged in the cheese grits, omg they were amazing! I also had the fried green tomatoes and eggs and it was Everything! I really loved how crunchy the tomatoes were even after being topped with eggs and hollandaise. This place is a MUST when visiting New Orleans. Can't wait to visit again!!!!!Oh my oh my, I LOVE this place! I came to Nola for the first time in February and I spent a lot of time here. We were staying across the street at an Airbnb which was great because we could drink and just walk home! 
The food is amazing, drinks are great, and there is a pool and jacuzzi! You have to pay to use the pool area but I think it's worth it, especially if there's nice weather. We stayed in the pool/jacuzzi area til 1AM just drinking and eating. It was so enjoyable. 
The staff here is incredibly friendly. It's a warm and outgoing environment overall. We decided to come here for brunch on our last day in town and the food was SO good...loved the chilaquiles! I wish we had a place like this in Nashville, it feels tropical and has such relaxing vibes. I'll definitely be coming back the next time I'm in town!Perfect Saturday afternoon spot. First time here.  Well looked after by the staff. Barman Philip behind the main bar was a total professional and hosted me at the pool deck. Rob at the pool bar also a pro. 
Eclectic mixed crowd. Looking forward to spending a few lazy Saturday afternoons back at The Country Club! Next time I'll bring my swimming trunks, although not sure it's required...Ok, So a freind calls us during Southern Decadance and tells us we have to come to The Country Club NOW! We went. Because it was a special event weekend the prices were $25 for a one day pass. This was fine as when I got to the back I was in my idea of heaven. Naked sun bathing with at least 80 other naked men and a few naked women. Swimming in the buff and just enjoying life. a couple of drinks and a lot of people. 90% of people were completely nude and it was a great mix of gay straight bi and transgendered individuals. No judgements and the ultimate definition of freedom! Friendly Barkeep (not hard on the eyes either) and a great staff. The food we had was just your standard bar food. I dont know if this is just because it was a big weekend or what. They allow some sexual contact outside (from what i hear this depends on the barkeep at the time) I ended up staying here from about 3PM Sunday untill 3AM when they decided to close. My favorite part of my time in New Orleans by far! Even if you arent a nudist like me. this place will get you to relax and enjoy!So much fun!  We came here for the drag queen brunch & bottomless mimosas (1st & 3rd Saturdays) for a bachelorette party.  
5+ stars:
- Food: Delicious & affordable (who doesn't love $10 bottomless mimosas)
- Service: There's a lot of chaos as everyone gets seated around the same time, but I thought the service was still excellent
- Ambiance: Beautiful interior, lots of birthday's/bachelorettes
- Queens: Great performers, great songs, amazing time
The weather wasn't great, so we didn't make it out to the pool, but I've heard it can be a fun time as well.
Remember to bring your $1! (although they'll gladly make change for you when you arrive)Best food and atmosphere! Hostess was very nice and the food was delicious! You get half off of the pool entry when you eat there before.The food was very good, however, my meal and starters were literally cold or perhaps barely warm.  I just dealt with it but when I received the $120 bill then I began to regret not requesting the food to be warmed and perhaps I would have actually enjoyed the meal.  If it were one item that had been cold then thatd be understandable, however, all items means something is wrong in the kitchen.  The other people at our table did not enjoy their main dishes either but they didn't complain.There were four of us having brunch.  We wanted to have brunch on Saturday, but it was booked almost 5 months in advance because they do a drag brunch!  Our loss on that I'm sure, but the food was excellent.  I had a crabcake with a poached egg and sauce (I don't remember the name, but it was an appetizer), someone had the truffle Mac and Cheese, there was a shrimp dish and a fish dish.  We all loved our meals, cocktails and desserts.  The decor was fun and funky and the staff was friendly and professional.  I'll be back next visit for the drag brunch if I can plan that far ahead!Hands down best brunch place!! Came here for a bachelorette party brunch and it was too much fun to handle. Bottomless mimosas to top it off! Green eggs Benedict is the way to goThis place is really fantastic most of the time. I do think that paying $15 just to swim is absolutely horrid. BUT I do have a blast! My favorite memory of this place is staying out all night drinking at bars then showing up there instead of going home to sleep.
Just show up, get naked, swim a little and then take a nap under a big umbrella. It's way too easy to spend 8 hours of your day here.
The food is decent, not great, but very edible... especially when you are hung over and sucking down daiquiris.
Oh and the best part about the Country Club is all of the hot hot men, especially a few of the bartenders... mmmm
One last thing, careful using the bathrooms outside, you may get an eye-full.Poolside drinks and the best burger I have ever had was by the pool! Effin mixed drink is refreshing and strong. Enjoy!We went there just this past Sunday to celebrate endless mimosas and the end of our stay in Louisiana. Tony was the ABSOLUTE best server I've had in a long long time. The restaurant served delicious food, had a fun atmosphere and we loved sitting on the patio in the beautiful morning. We knew, walking in, that we made the right choice when we were so welcomed by the hostess. Couldn't say enough good things! Oh, and the hang over tots... So good. Can't wait to come back.I cannot say enough about this diamond in the rough. The pool, the drinks, the food and the amazing staff will win your hearts and never forget you.I've hesitated to write this review for awhile because I wanted the initial nostalgia of the clothing-optional days of the Country Club to wear off a bit. This review is in regards to everything post-policy change.
While I still enjoy hanging by the pool, I've really come to enjoy chilling inside at the bar. The pool can be quite crowded at peak hours, but if you're able to find a seat at the bar to post-up, the vibe is always chill and the people watching is great. The bartenders are friendly and efficient and the drink prices are fair. Some nights are dedicated to TV watching and the multiple big screen TVs are good for that.
The food is also above average. I've dined in the dining room and snacked at the bar and have always enjoyed what I ordered. My favorite are the boudin balls. Your best bet, however, is to catch one of the afternoons that they're grilling burgers out back to enjoy a big plate of food poolside. 
As long as the staff stays friendly and familiar, then I think the Country Club will maintain its local feel despite new policies that attract a wider net of folks. I always meet a new friendly person when I'm there and I hope it stays that way!Love the new look. Love the colors, love the walls with the beautiful painted birds, flowers and palm leaves. The furniture is lovely. my favorite is the bar stools. Then there is the ART. WOW!
A must on your best of NOLA  list is the Country Club.My fave hangout in NOLA! I visit here at least 2-3 times per trip to enjoy a cute brunch and stay for the pool party. Finally had the opportunity to attend drag brunch, which is booked months in advance (currently til November). The performers and the crowd were exciting and mingling among the different tables, which made it extra fun! But the most impressive thing about this place are the staff. They are charismatic, kind, and take care of you like you're at home. Tony is so outstanding and took the sweetest care of us on both occasions. Can't wait to go back and visit our new friends and eat those outstanding fried green tomatoes and truffle Mac and cheese!I love the country club! The concept is awesome, and well executed. The pool area is beautifully landscaped, and the pool nice and warm in the evening (its November right now). The sauna/shower area is clean and well-designed. The staff is friendly, beer selection is good, food is good. Sometimes the big screen TVs in the bar are a little too loud, and I got lots of mosquito bites one night, but other than that my experience has always been great.Country Club is one of my favorite places in New Orleans.  
This is a review of the pool/spa, not the restaurant.  The drinks are strong and they have great happy hour prices.  There is such a diverse crowd: stinky hippies, hipsters, straights, gays, yuppies, old, young, men, women, fat, skinny, naked, and clothed.
The crowd truly is so accepting and "chill," and creepers who are there primarily to see naked girls are few and far between.  The property is BEAUTIFUL, and it's usually pretty easy to find parking around there, even when it is very crowded.
A great place for locals to frequent and an equally great place to take out-of-towners who want to do something a little different.  Be aware there is (understandably) a cover to get to the pool area and it varies by day/time.
Gripes: changing clothes in a very crowded, slightly dirty, co-ed bathroom/sauna whose open windows face the pool and stairs.
Also, the outside bar service is SLOW.  I've had bartenders that were extremely rude and bartenders that were very nice.  No matter who is tending bar, it does seem understaffed for such high volume.  
And lastly, they charge to rent towels (tacky), so bring your own.I really, really wanted to like this place more than I did. My girlfriend went for brunch on a Sunday, around noon. By noon, they were already out of several dishes, including a special that sounded awesome (soft shell crab Benedict). Not sure how a restaurant manages to sell out of their specials by noon, but okay, I'll give that a pass. She ordered the chipotle chicken sandwich and I ordered the chicken and waffles, on the waitresses recommendation. We also ordered a side of grits. Chicken and waffles are one of those meals that just HAVE to be good in order to be worth it; I can't consume all those calories on something that isn't amazing... And this was far, far from amazing. The chicken was soggy and the waffles lacked flavor. The accompanying syrup was great (had a really nice smokey flavor), but a condiment really shouldn't be the standout attraction of any meal - especially not chicken and waffles. We also ordered a side of grits to share and they were awful. I mean truly bad. We've had our fair share of grits, both in New Orleans and in our lives in general, and these were the worst. I'm convinced they were instant - and super runny and tasteless. The texture suggested that they had poured boiling water over the instant grits package just seconds before serving the dish. 
What IS good: $5 Bloody Mary, bottomless mimosas, super friendly staff. I love that there are pools and saunas and had it not been raining, would have loved to enjoy that. I'd love to come back to use the pool - but NOT for a meal. 
Lastly, when we were here there was a group of 20 women celebrating a bachelorette party. I'm all about inclusivity, but straight women - please find another venue to celebrate. There are very few gay spaces in New Orleans, and it's not like the food is the thing drawing people to The Country Club. Plus, it's pretty damn ironic (and rude) to be celebrating your nuptials in a gay space while in a state that doesn't recognize gay marriages. I mean, come on.Thank you Yelpers for helping me locate another cool place to visit! I came here as part of my birthday celebration. I made a reservation about a month prior to coming and was called a few days before to make sure nothing had changed. When my party arrived it took about 30 minutes before we were seated. We used the spare time to mingle around the club and take pics. 
When we were finally seated, our waitress, Heather, greeted us and took our orders. I ordered the Traditional, which came with two eggs, applewood bacon, toast, and grits or home fries. I found the dish to be just ok.
Soon after we started eating the performers came out. The performers were comical, energetic, and truly made my morning. They also did a shout out for  birthdays and bridal parties. Apparently a couple had just gotten married there that morning! 
The only downside to the club was the wait time. It took long for the food to arrive, the checks, and a change to an order. Because of the wait I was unable to get a photo with the performers. Next time I visit NOLA, I want to come back and try the cocktails offered or the bottomless mimosas.Simply put, if you go to one place in New Orleans, go here.
Don't go to the park, THERE ARE PARKS EVERYWHERE.
Don't go to Burbon St., THERE ARE STREETS EVERYWHERE.
This place is not everywhere. This place is here.
We feasted on bottomless mimosas and special tofu prepared breakfast (just let them know you are vegan, you will win).
I have never had a server better in the entire country.
"Y'all aren't drinkin' as fast as I am pouring."
We drink we did.
Go here.
Sit outside.
Think about life.Fantastic spot for brunch! Wonderful service and atmosphere. Enjoy this little gem in NOLA when you visit!Came to New Orleans for vacation and came here twice! The drag brunch was so much fun I just had to come back. The entire staff was super nice and the patrons were also nice. I loved absolutely everything about this place. It is great to be in a place, especially a pool, where you don't have to worry about being judged. I would move to NOLA just to come here every day. Thanks for the great times!One of the best experiences while stating in nola. The building itself is beautiful and extremely clean! The food was amazing! We had brunch and not one of us had any complaints, they also had botomless memosas for only $10 which who can complain about that? The drag show was amazing! I'm from nashville so I've seen a good drag show but at the country club they definitely kept everyone there entertained. Make sure you bring $1 for tips.Extremely impressed. Visited for brunch today and we sat at the bar, the staff was super friendly and attentive. The food was amazing, along with the atmosphere. The braised beef with poached eggs were amazing. Highly recommend :)We are visiting New Orleans and are staying a few blocks away from The Country Club. We had been recommended this spot by a few different peeps... so we knew we had to try it out. We read the yelp reviews before and to be honest... we thought they were a little ~dramatic~... but we entered the establishment with high anticipation and expectations. 
To put it simply.... someone in our group shed a tear during our meal. No joke. 
At the very base of our experience... the decor was absolutely inspiring. While waiting for our food we were captivated by the artistry and imagination at every nook and cranny. Make a point to see the restroom... outstanding.
Then we got our appetizers...... blue crab beignets and fried greens tomatoes. Speechless. The crab beignets arrived piping hot with remaining evidence of the hot oil seeping into the dough. We all agreed that we could have eaten the crab filling with a spoon by itself... that good. Came with a saffron aioli that was to die. 
Fried green tomatoes fell nothing short of exceptional. Thick cut, but still tender from the frying process (however not wilted). But what stole the show here was the light tomato basil (vodka????) sauce on the bottom. Similar to the crab filling... could have eaten by the spoonful (or the finger swipes which is what we did). 
For the main course we ordered the fried chicken sandwich, the B.E.A.T, and the truffle Mac. 
The fried chicken had a subtle spice and demanding flavor. Crispy, aromatic, tender and juicy..... everything you could ask for in a piece of fried chicken (plus it was a large piece). 
The Mac and cheese had an incredible potent flavor... mainly due to the truffle but it also had hints of flavor that we were not able to determine... all however came together to create a perfect flavor melody in your mouth. 
I did not try the B.E.A.T, but it was aesthetically pleasing and the consumer had positive reviews. 
Drinks are excellent.... we tried the "My Effen Favorite Cocktail" which to our surprise had strong and natural notes of cucumber.... a refreshing must have!!!! 
Even though the weather was lack-luster, we opted for the pool experience. To our surprise this included a hot tub and sauna as well which made for a well rounded experience... worth the extra dollars!!! 
Even if you aren't hungry... stop by this delightful establishment, order a drink from the lovely staff and check out the interior design... it will leave you inspired!The breakfast was awesome.  Fried green tomatoes with eggs Benedict without the bread. Delicious.  Service was awesome and friendly.  Then sat by the pool and had the most wonderful Bloody Marys.Stopped in here for a drink after a satisfying meal at The Joint. While playing pool on their excellent table, my dude friend and I discovered that this is apparently a gay bar (confirmed by the fact that the other six patrons were all dudes, yet "Ellen" was on all five TVs). Whatever, was a chill place to grab a drink during the day. Nice "country club" atmosphere in a big Italianate Charleston-type mansion. 
Would be willing to check out again, once weather is warmer and (clothing-optional) pool is open.The first time I visited this place was at a crazy Halloween party prior to Katrina.  This was one freaky place back then and the walls were covered with porn and the pool was surrounded by giant penis columns.  That was one fantastic party and there were lots of hot girls at it but I never felt a need to return until Abita was having one of their pub crawls in the area and I wanted to see if this place was still a crazy place.  So I walk in and it looks like a fantastic fine dining restaurant inside.  I start talking to one of the staff about the place and learn that it still is a bit of a freaky place as they allow "clothing optional" swimming in their pool for members or a daily use fee.  The giant penis columns are no longer there and the place looks very nice overall.  I've never been swimming at this place but I know folks that go all the time and I hear that this is mostly a homosexual swimming pool but they now have a ladies night.  I know many very attractive women that frequent this place and rave about it so I've been sorely tempted to go check it out on ladies night but I really don't want to see a bunch of wang hanging out all over the place.This place is hands down amazing. The chicken and waffles were to die for and the mimosas kept coming. If you are looking for a nice classy but boozy brunch this is the place.Drag Queen Brunch!  This is the second time we came here, the first time we had just the food so we decided to come back because it was AMAZING!  Then we got to see the Drag Queen brunch, this was the best brunch I ever went to in my entire life.  TAKE an UBER LOL because those bottomless mimosas leave you with the buzz you came to New Orleans for!  
Great Music, Great Staff, Amazing Decor!  Just what I needed!  
Cheers until Southern Decadence.I love The Country Club!  I am a part time local resident, and have been to The Country Club numerous times.  We consistently have had amazing food, great service, super friendly atmosphere and staff.  I also love the beautiful decor - which I would describe as a modernized version of Southern Colonial feel with local artists' pieces regularly rotating on the walls.  The Chef, MJ, creates beautiful menus inspired by local cuisine with a twist, and she makes the best boudin balls in town.  Period.  No discussion! I have taken visiting friends, family, my children and we all agree that the place rocks!   So, forget everything you read or heard about the clothing optional pool, or the fact that this is a gay friendly place.  The Country Club is so much more that it doesn't do it justice to focus on that - this is a people friendly place!  And don't forget to order the boudin balls!!!Food was delicious. Drinks were delicious. Boudin balls were perfectly cooked and flavorful. I got the crab cake with poached egg (yum!). The same sauce is on it that the fried green tomato side was in so I was a little over the same taste after my meal but it was still good! I'll know for next time. Everyone else in our party had delicious brunch as well. Truffle Mac and cheese and cheese grits tasted similar so they just use the same cheese in both dishes.  The decor and ambiance of the place is very relaxing. Will be back!I heart The Country Club. That's just the way it is.
A few months after I first moved to New Orleans, a friend of mine said, "I have to take you to this clothing optional country club I went to this weekend!" Uhhh, come again? I was so intrigued that I couldn't refuse and boy, am I glad that I didn't! 
First of all, the exterior of this place is enough to charm the pants off of you (no pun intended). It's an old grand Bywater mansion with a manicured lawn, stately columns, and a tiny neon sign reading: The Country Club adorning the top of the porch to add just a little cheekiness (again, no pun intended). I've had brunch a few times sitting out on the porch and it's the very definition of contentment.
The inside rooms are all pretty cool. The front rooms are reserved for dining, the back rooms make way for a pool table, some lounge-y chairs, and the indoor bar. Cool, local art adorns all of the walls. I love that they keep the door to the kitchen open most of the time. It looks spotless and the cooks/chef always look like they're having a good time.
NOW, onto my favorite part: the pool. There is always a healthy mix of every type of person you want to (and don't want to) see back there. Yuppie couples, hipster dudes with scrawled crotch tattoos, impeccably toned & tanned hairless twinks, lesbians with half of their heads shaved, hot MILFs, and the occasional creepy old man. People are friendly but respectful of your boundaries. I've spent time back there both fully clothed and naked as the day I was born and never felt out-of-place either way. They recently switched the pool to salt water and it's heated during the winter months. The hot tub is spacious and can get pretty rowdy. They project random movies/TV shows/music videos onto the back of the house and the last time I was there the most amazing Pandora station was playing the entire time. 
The changing rooms are clean and always smell like wood (again, no pun intended) to me, which is cool...it's all "Aspen cedar wood ski lodge" feeling. They used to keep bowls of condoms out but the last time I was there, they were absent. Hmm. 
The bartenders, for the most part, are all really great. Kris is awesome! There is one guy that has worked there forever that can be a little bitchy, but..whatever. They have lots of fun themed nights (Ladies Night, White-trash Wednesdays, etc.) with drink specials.  
Honestly, this place can do no wrong in my book. If you're looking for a unique and fun experience (really, where else can you sit naked in a hot tub eating a steak?) then check out THE COUNTRY CLUB!Soooo, I'll start out by saying I've been here for Brunch and it was quite good.  Not sure what happen with the dinner service, but it was less than stellar.  We explored the COOLinary offerings.  The foie gras app was actually good but it was literally a single bit portion.  The veal scallion entree had major problems: the veal was tough, lemon overpowered the veal and the hollandaise sauce was bland.  In general, the dish's seasoning was very underwhelming.  The ice cream was the star of the banna frit a la mode.  The battered and fried banana's, again, bland and greasy.  We sampled other dishes that suffered the same execution problems, such as the shrimp and crab cake app, lamb bordelaise and seafood cioppino/bouillabaisse.We had an amazing brunch out on the veranda for restaurant week. Our waiter, Juan Carlos was lovely, very attentive, knowledgeable, and treated us like the goddesses we are! ;-)
We decided mimosas were on the agenda for the day and instead of getting glass after glass, we decided to buy a bottle of bubbly and a glass of OJ.  Juan Carlos was quick to refill our glasses and always came by with a smile.
The food was absolutely amazing!!! I do not even have the words to describe the deliciousness of the food that was presented to us. 
I'm excited about our return trip. We are going to do  the daily pool pass, drink mimosas, and eat deserts all damn day by the pool!! Juan Carlos assures me that it is a very body positive place with no judgement. We will see. I will update.went to the drag queen brunch. what can I say. we were a group of 14, the food was good, the service was slooow. it took 1.5 hours to get our food. the drag queen show was entertaining, but everyone in our group complained that the music was too loud. many in our group had to go outside because they just couldn't take the volume any more. no way you could speak with each other even when the performers were taking a break. If you plan to go, bring earplugs and plan to text your table mates.This place is a slice of heaven. Of all the times we have been in NOLA we had never heard of this place, we finally had this on the list, and went twice in 4 days. 
We sat poolside both days, hopping back and forth between the sauna, warm salt water pool and hot tub, all while sipping drinks during happy hour and ordering snacks. 
I cannot wait to go back (a million times) !!My first time everything was exceptional -the food was amazing the mimosa were fabulous and the entertainment was so great. Will come back for sure!!Our group of three went to the Saturday drag brunch on September 1st. 2018.  We had beef debris with eggs, fried green tomatoes with eggs and polenta with eggs, but were disappointed to discover that all six of our poached eggs were overcooked to the point that they had the consistency of hard-boiled eggs masquerading as poached.  This was surprising because the rest of the food was absolutely delicious, especially the boudin balls we ordered as starters, which were quite large and had a crisp outer shell, yet were very rich and moist inside.  We were seated in a cramped room a few feet away from a group of thirteen drunken college girls who were celebrating the birthday of one of them.  There is no real drag show here unless your idea of a drag show is a handful of drag queens wandering lackadaisically about the room, mouthing the words of songs and expecting to be tipped for doing so.  The noise level was beyond obnoxious, and at one point those college girls all stood on their chairs and shrieked ABBA's "Dancing Queen" at the top of their lungs, sounding like a nest of movie pterodactyls.  If you want to enjoy the delicious food and save your eardrums, then go to the Sunday brunch, which has the same menu, but without the trouble and bother of making reservations so far in advance, and if you aren't a brunch person this restaurant also offers an immensely flavorful and satisfying dinner experience.This review is purely for the restaurant.  The food is consistently good, fresh and flavorful.  The service is inconsistent, however, there is a relatively new waiter there named Chuck who really goes out of his way and does a great job.  The old center-hall house is grand and seating is comfortable.  The glaring problem with this place is that it can take over an hour for your order to arrive- I think this is unacceptable, and I'm hoping the kitchen can speed it up.  This is what keeps me from going more often.Drag queen brunch ....need I say more?? Go for the queens and $10 bottomless mimosas and stay for the food.  The drag queens were super friendly and talk to everyone after the show..the host was super lively and fun!  Bring cash!!! The host will give you change in ones for tipping the ladies if you have only larger bills or there is an ATM if you are plastic only. 
MAKE A RESERVATION!!!!! Also, food was pretty good (I tried crawfish for the first time)... But hell, anything tastes good after the 4th mimosa 
I didn't see the pool but apparently there is one.  I will for sure be back next time I'm in NOLA!I love the country club! This is one of the most welcoming environments ever and the staff is one of the top reasons why. James, the manager, is hilarious and super friendly. The newest edition to the bar, Phil, is one of the best!! Friendly, on point and always smiling! Happy to see that the management recognizes and values such individuals. Also, the security staff (Kevin, Zane, John, Devon) is soo helpful. Thank you for having such a great establishment!! I can't wait for all of the new renovations to be completed! Only in NOLA :)I have to say that this was one of my favourite experiences in New Orleans and is a must do on my next visit. These were some of the highlights of Saturday Brunch:
The Bottomless Mimosas...need I say more??? The staff really kept them coming.
The Show...fantastic!! The queens put a spectacular show and had great interaction with the patrons. They continuously had everyone in a jovial uproar.
The food...excellent! I had no expectations in this regard and I was so pleasantly surprised. The crabs benedict was soooo yum!!! The pancakes and pork belly was awesome as well. The lamb spring rolls had great flavor but I feel they could have been even better with a yoghurt dipping sauce.Good food and fun concept.  Used to be a fun place but the employee morale has made it not worth it.My friends and I came here for a 40th birthday celebration and absolutely loved it. Will definitely plan future trips to NOLA around the 1st and 3rd weekend of the month. The second we pulled up we were in love with The Country Club. The location is perfect and quaint, the hostess was awesome and cracked jokes with us. The waitress was very sweet and suggested some great meal options. We were blown away by the food! The pimento & cheese tater tots... HELLO! We tried a couple different dishes and split them amongst the group. I honestly can't tell you if the chicken & waffles or the shrimp & grits were the best. Either way, the food is worth coming back for. Granted, the $10 bottomless mimosas were good as well. The Drag Queen show was so much fun, and each performer made it a point to visit each table. Unfortunately we didn't get to try the pool, but I absolutely recommend this place for brunch. I will be back for sure!This place is awful. I've been here for brunch at least 4 times (because friends made reservations- I wouldn't have decided to come back). Every time it takes forever and the food is just mediocre. This time no one even attempted to take out order until we asked after 40 minutes. We also had to get up to ask for the check. It's also loud and overpriced. Save your money and go somewhere with good food, good service, and reasonable prices.We came hear during our weekend. Great find!  I had the ghost pepper margarita...delicious.  I ate the BLAT...yummy. We shared a bunch of plates, the crispy fish was a hit. Over all everyone at the table loved their food, no misses.Group of us was visiting and this place was recommended. Pulled up and immediately reminded me of South City Kitchen in Atlanta. Was greeted immediately by the enthusiastic host and our table was ready no more than 10 minutes after. Love the set up of the house. Makes you feel at home with a bunch of people. Pool in the back and seems very exclusive. I'll bring swim shorts next time. 
Order chicken and waffles. Although the chicken was a little over cooked it was well seasoned. Juan Carlos was our server and from the beginning he was very polite and engaging. Kept our bottomless mimosas going. But to top it all off THE TRUFFLE MAC N CHEESE is to die for. OMG. So creamy and the right amount of truffle. I really can keep going. If you are ever in New Orleans and want a brunch spot, go here. You won't be dissatisfied.The pool is nice but way too hot for hot humid New Orleans summer days. It would be so great if The Country Club invested in a cooling system. It seems like with an entrance fee of $15, that's the least they could do.This place is in a beautiful building in a nice quiet area of the bywater. The people that work here are so fun and personable. My favorite time to be here is Sunday morning at the bar with bottomless mimosas. The food is always on point.