Chic, cozy atmosphere with lush sofas and exposed brick make this small restaurant/wine bar a great place to have a full meal or light bite. I had the slow roasted chicken with shredded mixed vegetables which was so tender it fell off the bone. The veggies were a little salty so I didn't eat those. Surprisingly for a wine bar the server was not very knowledgeable. They offer flights of wine -- for instance 3 whites for $20, but I discovered that only after I ordered a $15 glass of one of the whites. I pointed that out since I wanted another glass and he agreed to give me another glass (smaller) and count it as a flight. 
Overall I would recommend it.We loved The Tasting Room so much that we stopped by 3+ times during our weeklong vacay in New Orleans. Charming ambience that's a breath of fresh air after a night of partying on Bourbon Street and exceedingly kind owners to boot. Toby and Lisa were amazingly courteous and gave us great recommendations on where else to go in the Crescent City. Nothing better than sinking into one of the comfy couches and trying a flight of reds or whites as Toby and Lisa walk you through the flavors and aromas. Big plus for the pasta and meatballs served in the back of the place too - tasty and unique in that you can order the sauce and pasta shapes separately.As a French Quarter denizen, I don't generally cross Canal Street for anyone or anything. However, I happened to meet the charming people in charge of The Tasting Room. So glad I did. Superlative time: this place is the most charming, delicious, glamorous, cozy, sexy place you can imagine. White butter - feeling couches coupled with chandeliers coupled with a very good looking, knowledgable  staff that make you feel like you are the only one in the room equal a totally unique experience. The small plates (the combo cheese and charcuterie is heaven) are so perfect for sharing among friends. Or yourself.The Tasting Room is a new place that opened in mid-February and seems to have increasing crowds now that the word is out (and Mardi Gras is over so people can actually get there).  The space is practically unrecognizable from previous tenant Diva Dawg and has much more ambiance, with the courtyard offering food (from a pasta place operated by separate owners) and some seating which appears to be popular.  The front space is cozy and the only thing strange with the setup is that most seating is 4-top tables or a couple larger groupings with couches that seat 6-8 people.  Once they get crowds it may be a bit difficult for couples to find seating unless they share a table with other people.
Overall, the atmosphere is nice and there are quite a few wine options by the glass with generally reasonable prices.  $7 for a nice Tempranillo?  Count me in.  The Argentinian Malbec-Cab blend was a huge hit with my wife who can't stop talking about how good it was - a bit on the pricey side at $16 but I'm willing to pay for good wine as necessary.  There are also quite a few California options and even a few from Oregon.  Many of the reds are on the big side but over time they've added some additional French or slightly lighter options which I like.  I also saw quite a few groups who purchased bottles to be shared by the table which makes the evening a bit more cost effective too.
Definitely a nice new hangout spot on Magazine Street, check it out.Bad food, bad service, overpriced, annoying clientele, small portions (yes, I know these are small plates, but this is ridiculous ). 
Everything about this place is a joke.The service was laid back but the food and atmosphere were awesome. There's formal and informal outdoor and indoor spaces. We would definitely go back!Absolutely fantastic atmosphere, warm, cozy and dim. A few antique style sofas with low wooden coffee tables as you walk in followed by a few tables and the bar. Walk through another door and you're transported to a beautiful outdoor oasis with plants, a small fountain and heaters for colder nights. Amazing food (had the meatball, Mac n chz and fries) and plentiful wines with flights available. A must for the garden district!This is a very charming, beautiful place at the beginning of Magazine Street. My husband and I stopped in here on a Sunday evening and shared several small plates. The roasted cauliflower, truffle fries, and avocado toast were all delicious. That said, the chocolate Crème Brûlée was the real winner...soooooooo good! We enjoyed all the wines we tried and they had a very nice/unique selection that you would not find at many other locations. You could make flights with any of their wines but the glass which was a nice way to try a variety of different wines. 
The bartender was playing all roles when we were there,  but he was friendly, prompt, and we were never without wine! We would definitely return on our next trip to New Orleans!!!Awesome food, wine and atmosphere!!!! This is our first time to New Orleans and we love this little gem in the Lower Garden District.Love it!! A unique spot in New Orleans in that you can lounge for a while in a beautifully decorated space, with high-quality wines, and not be pushed up against a bar trying to get your order in, or just waiting for a table. The owners, Toby and Lisa, are super friendly and will go out of their way to speak to you and answer any questions! Comfortable for the wine connoisseur as well as the newby. This is a great place to meet up with girlfriends, or on a couples outing before/after dinner!Really great wine bar in a terrific location.  Always an excellent selection available and very knowledgeable staff.  Food is excellent.  We had a multi-course dinner and pairing here on new years eve and all the food and parings were superb.  My favorite place to have a drink on that part of magazine st.  Also, dog friendly and great patio!Had a wonderful evening at the tasting room. Located in the now trendy Magazine Street area of New Orleans. The tasting room is relatively new, but exhibits the local ambience of New Orleans. 
We had the chefs cheese board as our appetizer, and shared it amongst the four of us. We also had the truffle fries, which were awesome. My wife and I shared a shrimp Monica entrée, which was more than enough for both of us after the two appetizers. The wine was very good and the selection was adequate. The restaurant offered wine by the glass, and by the bottle, but without any less expensive house wine. The tasting room also had several spirits for tasting, but did not offer mixed drinks. The cheesecake we had for dessert was very nice, but was nothing spectacular. The shrimp Monica we had  as our entrée was awesome. It was a large portion, with plenty of shrimp, and spiced very nicely.
All in all, a very nice night, with very good food and ambience. My only negative was that the waiter came to our table at the end of the meal and loudly announced our total bill to everyone within hearing range. The bill was paid at the table using Square payment technology, which was nice. I felt the payment could have been handled in a less public way, without the announcement. Not a big deal, just part of the review.Love love love this place! I work right across the street, and it's the perfect place for me to grab an after dinner drink, and share some small plates with friends. I always sit in the courtyard, and I'm obsessed with their projector playing old black and white movies. Everything I've had food wise has been great, and the staff are all super welcoming and attentive. Perfect in my eyes.I did the Tasting Flight and highly recommend it! It came with 3 dishes and 3 wines. Verdicchio paired with Shrimp Monica, Cabaret paired with the Big Ass Meatball, & Pinot Noir paired with the escargot! Absolutely amazing - would definitely come again!I really enjoyed this adorable and cozy spot. Located in the garden district, so there is plenty to do around it. The service is top notch as is the wine list. The patio is super cute if u don't mind getting bitten by mosquitoes! For the vibe ,it's worth it tho. The macaroni wasn't cheesy enough for me, but because everything else was great;I"ll be back again!Stopped in to the tasting room based on the reviews and we weren't disappointed. Very friendly folks and an interesting selection of wines. We both had red flights and for $20 we each got a nice mix of varietals. We ordered the petite filet and a salad and unfortunately the order never made it back to the kitchen. They were more than gracious once we pointed out that we had waited a while and rushed a new order.  Everyone has those days and they fixed it. That's the kind of customer service we look for. The filet w/ mashed potatoes and salad were tasty. Petite is the key word here so if you're hungry get a cheese plate to start.  If you find yourself on magazine definitely stop in for a glass of vino. Ps, the chocolate mousse was wonderful!The worst service I have ever experienced. I spoke to the manager after we waited for our drinks for upwards of 30+ minutes and all he said was "I was hesitant to seat you. You are a large group." My friends and I were a group of 7 girls and if the manager didn't think they could serve us they should not have seated us. Our drinks took over an hour to all come out and some dinners at our table were served before my friend received her drink. This is absolutely not ok. I did not want to pay for my meal and neither did my friends. We will never come back and we are telling people we know not to come here. Don't even waste your time in the restaurant it's not worth it!!!Loved it! The wine folks in the front were particularly friendly and helpful. The pasta from the back was delicious (although they're gone now). Eclectic decor. If I lived in the area I'd certainly go back.This is an amazing place exceptional will e list delicious food and the highest back of hospitality, this is an authentic NOLA experience.   Victoria was our server she was so geniuinely warm and witty made our visit memorable. 
  Thank You to The tasting Room, NOLA must be proud to have you!!!They offer excellent wine, very interesting and different from what you can find at the store.  Their food is amazing as well!  Extremely  hospitable.  Check out their happy hour prices 3-7pm, even on Sundays.I am so happy I live around the corner from this gem! The atmosphere is perfect for a romantic date or getting together with the ladies. My friend and I split a bottle on the deck in the back and watched them make homemade gluten free pasta (awesome!) We didn't try any pasta but there was a list of noodles and sauces so I'm assuming you get to make your own combination. I did order the bruschetta though, which was delicious. I've only been once (not sure why...) but next time I'm going with an appetite!You judge a restaurant by its vegetables and it's consistency- and the Tasting Room has mastered both. The folks here have knowledge of wine on a profound level. You needn't guess on a bottle; simply tell them what flavor profile you are seeking and they will produce it in a fashion better than you had imagined. 
The ambiance is delightful.
The food is merely a formality away from being James Beard award winning. 
I look forward to introducing all of my friends and family to The Tasting Room.Fabulous!!!!
I cannot say enough good things about this charming little jewel!!!
The food was amazing. We ordered a charcuterie board.....great!!
Gumbo....while we are northerners and admittedly not experts.....it was delicious!!! And the Paella....perfection. The shrimp absolutely melted in our mouths.
We chose to sit out in the courtyard. Magical !!  The staff, Susannah, Erik and the owner were lovely. Susannah was our waitress...and she could not have been better, but Erik and the owner stopped by our table frequently. All three were attentive and sincere.  Delightful!!
We were hesitant at first because we are not wine drinkers. I actually wished we were that night because the other diners seemed so pleased with their choices. We enjoy craft beers. When we travel we enjoy samplings from local breweries.  The Tasting Room had several good choices.
Overall, an exceptional experience...not to be missed!!!I love this place!! It feels so comfortable, the bartenders are so friendly even when the bar is full. Food is delicious!! The chef is very nice and ingenious with his ingredient combinations. I have  noticed that portions have gone down though which is a bit disappointed as price has stayed the same. Wine selection is great and the tasting flights  are nice selections.Great atmosphere, great staff, and very knowledgeable about their wines. I originally only went to satisfy the needs of a school project, but certainly will be going back more often. Great food/wine pairings for any palette, from dry to sweet. If you have the time [and money], you should check it out.
Cheers.The absolute best place in New Orleans to come enjoy a glass of wine, great food, great service,  a place where everybody knows your name. Have been coming here since they first open three years ago. Congratulations to Toby and Lisa for a job well done.We stopped in to the Tasting Room two days in a row on our recent trip to New Orleans.  Once, just my husband and I, the second, with two other couples, one with their 1 year old.  Both times we were welcomed by super friendly staff.  The outdoor back patio was lovely, quiet and had a peaceful background of a tricking fountain.  The main room has couches and comfy chairs great for a groups of friends to gather and sit together as if you were at home, in a nice, comfortable living room.  
They gave great suggestions for wine and we enjoyed spending a couple hours here each day.  They ran out of sparkling water while we were hear and one of the bartenders ran to a nearby shop to buy more and serve at our table.  Top notch service and time.We stopped in for happy hour and had a great time. We had $5 glasses of an excellent petite sirah and a 3 cheese plate. We loved the atmosphere and it's a cozy, classic, low key kind of place. Highly recommendI went in a group of four recently and am just getting around to reviewing the Tasting Room.  Big Yelp day!
So we had the best of luck in this wonderful night and chose a nice table on the patio just as the thunder claps started. Needless to say, the rains came and we became a nomadic group moving to standing places at the bar, then to sharing a seated area with some unwelcoming ladies to finally seated at a proper table.  The staff was wonderful, accommodating and upbeat. 
It's not a traditional sit down as one orders at the bar and then the permanent pop up delivers the food wherever you are sitting.  They chased us around diligently!!
We had the cheese plate and charcuterie - all wonderful with some real highlights on each!  The bruschetta was fantastic and a crowd pleaser.  However, the scallops and wild mushroom pasta were both tops on my list. 
The wines were reasonably price and there was a great selection.  
I'd say the only draw backs to the night were somewhat smallish portions (I think to keep the prices low) and the serve yourself kind of feel required a few requests like silverware.  The rain may have been a factor there to be fair though.
I'd say this is a great place for evening wine and snack/light plate meet ups for social gadflies!  I'm not sure I would head there if dinner was my game for any more than two but I don't think that's what they are aiming for!After a massage at Aria, my wife and I were looking for dinner away from Bourbon Street. Yelp led us to The Tasting Room, a small restaurant in the Garden District. It's a gorgeous little place that smacks of Timothy Oulton or Restoration Hardware circa 2012. The staff's greeting was friendly. They were happy to have us without reservations. We sat on the tiny, dim patio. We started with a beautiful plate of cheeses and charcuterie. It was big and delicious- the blue cheese was excellent. Then, we split a giant house salad of leafy greens and the house vinaigrette. It was good- not a showstopper, but good especially after the heavier meats and cheeses. Lastly, we shared the paella. The paella was the star of the evening. It was spicy, dense in flavor, and chock full of seafood. I especially liked that the chef popped out several times to gauge our reactions and where we were in the meal to prevent sending the next dish too quickly. Overall, we've been in town for three days, and The Tasting Room is my favorite NOLA place so far.Love everything about this place! Good wine selection, knowledgeable & friendly staff, cool music, good food & the perfect sit indoors or outdoors situation on Magazine Street. YES!!!!
Try the charcuterie & the sparkling rose!Amazing... the food is amazing.. don't 
look back when deciding to eat here.. just go..
Atmosphere is very eclectic.. awkward seating.. slightly odd staff.. but it will not matter once you've had the avocado, shrimp, tuna starter.. or the fish.. or the filet.. 
Beats most dinners I've ever had..
Will be back. blown away.We found The Tasting Room by accident on a recent walk along Magazine street. Awesome wine bar with a thoughtful selection of delicious wines, and prices for every budget - I think they started at $7. The 'wine-tender' (I believe it was the owner, Mr. DeVore) was very friendly and one could tell that he does it from his heart. I particularly liked the decor and the ambiance - very eclectic and modern, a blend of industrial/rustic and hollywood-y glam, I loved it! Will most definitely be back to The Tasting Room next time I am in town, and I wish him luck!Just another example of why I use Yelp when I'm far from home. Polly (level 1 sommelier) gave wonderful suggestions for food and wine pairings. The music "reel" ranges from Nora Jones to blues to soft jazz and all seemed to match the mood of the food. Kudos!Truly delightful. Great wine and vibe without the pretentious feelings of other wine bars in the city. Bartenders are knowledgeable, willing to answer questions  and eager to offer suggestions for a great pour. Delicious cheese plate too! Nom. Extra perk is Arabella pasta in the back...Will definitely be back soon!Stopped by late on Sunday night. Very friendly staff and we felt welcome. The courtyard has a cute set up. Escargots were very tasty and so was paella. A very nice find.Spectacular rustic ambiance, great service, excellent food, fantastic wine.  What's not to like?This place is great all around. Beautiful atmosphere, great selection of wine, nice service, quality food. I came here for a book club meeting and this was the perfect spot. We sat in a corner section that was set up like a living room complete with couches, ottomans and coffee table so it was very relaxed and comfortable. The only negative I have is that I wish the place was larger. If it was a crowded night, I can see it being a issue space wise.Have a few pre made flutes @20 which is 3 half pours, and then you can also create your own @the same cost which is rare. Cheese plate is plenty of food for two people or enough for one for dinner. Quite place, cute but no real ambience.I had such high expectations before I ventured in here. We were looking forward to the paella (more of a jambalaya feel). I was disappointed. It lacked flavor, and seafood wasn't what I thought it would be. The sausage was probably the tastiest. 
I would probably come back again for some wine and cheese but probably not to eat. The photographs on yelp looked lovely. I wanted to love the food. 
Our server was nice and quirky. He was very enthusiastic about wine. He was open to talking to us. He was also eager to help us pick out a white wine (we usually drink reds). I really thought it was nice that he gave us both a sample of the bottle. In almost all restaurants/wine bars we have been to - they always ask the man or the woman if it's acceptable for the table. We are as equal! Oh yeaaaaah. Ha! The wine was divine that he had offered.
The seating is intimate. Truffle fries were cooked nicely. Not salty and this was great. 
We were asked if we wanted to pay with an iPad before we even finished our glass of wine. I was a little taken back by this. I think we probably would have ordered dessert after the wine.This is the most comfortable place I know to have a drink and talk. I love the living-room atmosphere and the fact that you can hear each other.Amazing space. Very good service, wine, and food. Loved the French triple cream cheeseTook a pit stop for a quick glass of wine and some good conversation.  Nice spot to hang out, have some wine and a good meal.My husband took me here for my birthday and we were not disappointed. We got the penne pasta with white burgundy as well as a few different cheeses. All were phenomenal! I also loved the cozy atmosphere.Great casual gathering place with great wine and food . Group of friends or first date it's the perfect spot . MarkThe ambiance is great! I like the exposed brick and the chandeliers. The wine list is very extensive. The sommeliers are extremely knowledgable, they helped me get my fruity wine :-)Great atmosphere and the cheese boards are fabulous and had plenty of crackers. The bartenders are friendly and knowledgeable on the wine choices.Love this place!! I never leave reviews on yelp but this place was so great that I had to. The owners are so nice and know all about the wines they are serving. Tell them what you like and they will make sure you get the glass for you. The atmosphere is relaxing and it is such a great place to come for an hour or two. I would recommend this wine bar to anyone coming to New Orleans and especially to locals who can take advantage of the new tastings that they do.Absolutely adore this wine bar! It has a great atmosphere, very inviting and the owners picked out gorgeous furnishings! On Sundays and sometimes sat they have a wine tasting for $15 that features one certain area in the world and certain a wines from that area. The owners are super nice and other staff as well! They also have a great patio in the back where there is a little window to order home-made pastas with all the fixings you could ask for (not owned by the same people.) and the prices for the pastas are very reasonable. I definitely recommend this place for anyone that has an interest in wine and fun place to enjoy it!The staff are so lovely I felt like I left with 4 new best friends! Fabulous food, great wines and competitive prices. This place is a gem!Always spot on (!) with recommendations and service. I learn something new each time & could easily sit and listen to the stories about the wines all night. Great selection, reasonably priced and the cheese plate...siempre perfecta. The owners have definitely found their calling.Truffle fries, enough said!! good selection of wines and really cool place. Take some friends or maybe a date you will sure impress... the vibe is good however with some music it would be better. Customer service is great. More of the intimate kinda place, you don't come here to people watch. Def coming back when I'm feeling romantic for sure ;)Let me start by saying I'm not incredibly knowledgeable when it comes to wine.  I know what I like but beyond that I'm pretty lost.  Our waiter was great with explaining all I needed to know and making recommendations.  I ended up with a flight and they were all fantastic choices and all along the lines of what I enjoy.  I can't speak much for the food since they were experiencing some appliance issues and could only service the basics, which a cheese plate is all we were looking for in the first place and they were able to provide so I'm happy!  I'd definitely go back; I love a wine bar that is approachable.Delicious food, delicious wine, great service, and lovely garden patio. We stopped by here for a quick drink which turned into a few hours. One of our favourite stops in NOLA!Loved it! We decided to go here since it was right down the street from the restaurant we had dinner at. Inside was lovely with the chandeliers and the nice sofas. The noise level was low and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. Gabriel was great with helping us pick a bottle and giving us a run down of the menu. We ended up choosing a red Zinfandel and it was phenomenal! We sat at the sofa in the front and we weren't rushed at all which was great. There was a courtyard outside, but it was a bit too hot. Overall great place, no complaints.Expected tapas - got a full meal!  Excellent service. Had the penne ala vodka, the chef's chatacurie, truffle fries, escargot.  More than enough for four. Nice, eclectic ambiance. Would definitely recommend!Stunning main room, fantastic courtyard!
Helpful staff, great wine lists and small bites.  Highly recommend this spot to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Quarter when visiting.  So happy I stumbled upon this place. 
My only recommendation would be is to try and get some control over the massive horse flies that were out of control outside.  Was difficult trying to eat with them swarming.  Maybe some type of pest control for them?!  
Other than that - one of my new fave places!
I had a bubble flight and my friends had interesting whites flights - all highly happy with our recommendations. 
Will absolutely return!I emailed Toby in advance to set up a reservation for a bachelorette luncheon. He was very accommodating and the staff was great. Food was light and delicious, wine was a great selection, and the atmosphere perfect definitely a hidden gem on Magazine.This place is a hidden gem! I didn't know it was here. I went for dinner with a friend and it was absolutely perfect for a quiet dinner. First, it is really lovely inside, quiet enough to talk and cool but not pretentious, like some places feel. 
The food was all very good. We shared a tasting menu: truffle fries, shrimp Monica and creme brulee and also got the ceviche. The portions were enough to share and we both thought everything was really tasty.  We drank house wine for happy hour and it was reasonably priced and good. 
The staff was friendly and attentive. I would highly recommend for a date or a quiet happy hour with friends. I wish there were more places like this!I hung out here with a friend during happy hour a couple of weeks ago. I enjoyed the ambiance, the service, and the things I ingested.
The only thing I wish were different is that the day I was there, they had a pop-up instead of the regular kitchen, so I didn't get to try out the regular food. I guess that just means that I have to go back.NEW MENU IS AMAZING!!! I am so pumped these guys came to the LGD. Boutique wines, relaxing atmosphere and a fresh new chef serving top knotch dishes. Thank you tasting room!!This was the first stop on our trip and this place was just perfection.   The space is beautiful.   We had great service and food!   The cauliflower and our cheese board complimented the Sauvignon Blanc well.    This is an ideal place to eat or just have drinks for the atmosphere alone.  Very romantic for a date night in NOLA.Went here this evening with a friend for a girls' night out. We loved the chill vibe and beautiful decor. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. We ordered custom wine flights, totally worth it, and a better deal than by the glass wine. We had the truffle fries which were delicious. We also ordered a custom cheese & charcuterie plate. It was all amazing. We had the creme brûlée for dessert which is very creamy and different because it's chocolate. We had another frose to go to end the night. Well worth it for good wine, good food, and good environment! We highly recommend it!This place is awesome. The food is great and the staffs knowledge of wine was impressive. Very nice for a date night. Definitely try the crab cakes.Charming and romantic spot. So glad we stopped in. Great wine selection and offer wine flights of three half glasses for $20. A great deal. The bartender was sweet, friendly and helpful. Although we did not eat, the menu looked yummy.Amazing vast wine selection. Knowledgeable servers. Delicious cheese plate. Adorable courtyard.I love this place. Laid back, great wine, excellent food! Huge wine list by the glass, choose three to create a flight. Best cheese plates in New Orleans! The menu is always changing, and always great.After a day of travel, we had our first New Orleans meal here. It did not disappoint! It was such a quaint and nice restaurant. We started with a cheese and meat board, which we scarfed down before I could take a picture. 
We shared a wine flight - the waitress helped select three really great pairings with our food. 
I ordered the vodka pasta and my husband ordered the Cajun pasta. Both were tasty and flavorful. The servings were huge and allowed for a later snack.Gabriel and was amazing even though four of us came super late and were really loud!!! He recommended everything and was awesome.We just love this place- very quaint, even romantic in the inside.  You can do a wine flight for like $20 (I think was the price) and you can pick from any of the wines served by the glass, including those that $20/glass.  It is a generous pour as well.  I typically go here to try different wines, but I must say I was really impressed by the lamb meatballs with cous cous!  As expected, they have a really good cheese plate!We had a great time last week with a couple of suggested flights, cheese board and a couple of apps.  We spent a leisurely two hours and enjoyed the coziness inside as well as the  very knowledgeable and friendly staff.Very nice cozy place to hang out & socialize. They have a decent selection of snacks. They are very accommodating with the tastings, if you don't like it they'll give you something else.This was my second visit to the Tasting room and I was not disappointed! This is such a romantic spot with a great ambience. The patio in the back has heating and was playing an old movie. The wine selection is fantastic - although most glasses will cost you $15 or so (the minimum seemed to be around 10). I recommend a flight to try a few options. I had the cheese board tonight - $10 for 2 cheeses. We had the cheddar and Asiago, and it came with bread, olives/pickles, jam, and apples - it was delicious !I love this place.  Very intimate setting.  Food isn't super ambitious but what they have is very nicely done.  
Great wine selection, and I love the variety of wine flights.  Great way to try wines from regions or grapes we might not always think of.
Toby and his wife are awesome folks as well, and always do everything they can to make sure we're enjoying ourselves.I've been coming to The Tasting Room for a while, but realized my initial review is a little outdated. They no longer have the pop up Arabella Casa de Pasta and have since created their own menu of tapas. They have a good happy hour offering $5 select glasses of wine from 4-7 everyday. The space is dark and romantic with natural light streaming in from the windows and the pretty chandeliers. They have a small quaint courtyard in the back for additional seating. The staff has always been warm and friendly and very knowledgeable about wine if you are up for a lesson.Try the paella!! Everything was wonderful. We sat on the (covered) back patio as rain fell and had the most splendid meal. The BBQ shrimp tapas plate has just the right amount of kick and the paella is great if you enjoy seafood! The vodka penne had some of the best vodka sauce I've ever had. And the staff was a wonderful help with wine pairings for every step of the meal! A great ambiance, delicious food, and perfectly paired wine!Truly enjoyed this spot in the Lower Garden District.  We were able to walk from our AirBNB and it was great to be out of the craziness of the French Quarter.  We had small plates, including the cauliflower, ceviche and deviled eggs, all very good.  Another couple with us had entrees which they thoroughly enjoyed.
Service was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive.  I was most impressed by the quality of wines they had by the glass.  Most of us ordered flights of wine and all were good.
Definitely recommend!I wasn't sure at first, extremely glad we stayed.  Outstanding wine list,  and the food is even better. Have the paella, you will not be disappointed,  extremely fresh food.  Chicken was fantastic,  had the meatball and roasted cauliflower (thanks to the kids ). I would reconvene this place to anyone who loves will prepared food,  great wine and just needs to relax.Amazing food. Chill and comfortable atmopsphere. Super personable owner, staff, and doggy!!!  We will be back!If you are seeking out a great place with good vibes you'll find it here.   It's a charming small place with just a few tables and some sofas.   With the exposed brick wall, candle lights and a take your time attitude one could easily let an afternoon or evening pass away and afterwards remark that it was fun indeed.    The food is excellent -- whoever that chef is there must know a few things about foodies and wine.If you long for a great glass of wine with a staff that knows there stuff, this is the place! I'm from CA, where wine is a everyday part of life and it's wonderful to find a place like this in order to take  a break from rum and beer. The place is so cozy and it's has one of the best cheese boards I have ever had. Cheers NOLA!Perfect date night atmosphere with great wine and cheese.  Every one of the staff members thanked us for coming and welcomed us back. We will definitely return for future date nights.Nice and warm. Very romantic yet relaxed setting. The paella and the shrimp in cream sauce was very tasty.Great food and ambiance.  Very low-key but classy place with good service.  I had the BBQ shrimp paired with the crisp wine flight. The entire dish was very flavorful...great way to start my weekend in New Orleans.Love love this place!  Absolutely loved our food!  The big ass meatballs were off da hook!I had the Shrimp Monica with Rosè Flight. We also tried the Barbecue Shrimp. EVERYTHING was AMAZING!! I will be back again, and again, and again. Such a great experience!I love this place! I LOVE wine, and therefore I always have a difficult time choosing which one to get. Their flights are not only perfect for me for that reason, but they are also perfectly put together. The staff is incredibly knowledgable and friendly, and the atmosphere is absolutely lovely!I will not be going back to this bar. First, wine descriptions on menu only say red, white or bubbles and where it is from, not what type of wine. I asked for a Pinto Noir and was given a $16 glass, which was then double charged. I called this bar three times to be refunded and never got the second charge cleared. Also, one employee told us about a $5 glass feal that another employee told us was only on weekdays, which it wasn't because the guy gave it to us. The female bartender asked us where we lived and if it was a house or apartment, as if you needed some sort of stature to get the deal. I'm sorry, Gentrification much? If one offered us the deal and we buy it aren't you still getting income? Terribly unprofessional. That said, I enjoyed the ambiance on a cold day, even though I paid $38 for ONE glass of wine..Beautiful, romantic ambience. Good selection of wines/bubbles & option for flights so you can sample 3 different at a time. We had a party of 8 girls with separate checks & our server Jim was very helpful. Gave us good, personalized recs for food & drink & was adequately attentive despite how busy it was. Amazing service-I can't say enough.
The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because some of the food was just ok. I wish I could give this venue 4.5 but not an option.
Excellent fare: meat & cheese plate, truffle fries, mushroom ragout, big ass meatball, corn, & pork belly noir (tasted like a succulent, fatty, BBQ pork chop-YUM)
Pass on these: Mac & cheese (needed more seasoning, tasted a little like Kraft) & shrimp croquettes (bland & dry, would've benefitted from a sauce)
Hope this helps! Will def be going back!We just had a great time for our first time to the Tasting Room.  
The property is beautifully decorated and very comfortable and relaxing 
The perfect place to enjoy all the amazing wines! 
The food is excellent also there are daily specials and featured items. We had the bbq shrimp, pasta of the day and a Cesar salad that was delicious
The staff couldn't be more friendly and personable 
Blake was very knowledgeable and informative about all the wines we tasted. We will definitely be back.I need 5 more stars to give this amazing establishment! The only thing better than the incredible wine list is the unrivaled hospitality of the owners and staff. The Tasting Room is a place you have to try when staying in New Orleans!Great little spot. Great ambiance. Everything tasted delicious - Avocado toast, truffle fries, and cheese/meat board. My favorite was the cauliflower, best I've ever had!Worst experience, very disappointed after reading all the positive Yelp reviews. Came in one night, was seated by the staff. Ordered relatively expensive champagne and a few small plates. Subsequently was told we could not sit where we were sitting and we had to move to a communal table. The only seats were best described as "toad stools" and I said I'm not doing that - after ordering $100+ worth of alcohol and food I'm not going to squat over a communal table, I want a chair, especially when the staff originally seated us. We were met with EXTREME hostility from the staff. I told them to cancel the order (they had already begun to serve us) and that we were leaving and would not be back. The only positive experience from the evening was finding a great new spot, with fantastic food and customer service. Check out "Oak" on (8118) Oak Street and skip this place.service ok..food ok...the menu isn't what it says on their website..somehow the website menu is a menu from another restaurant...limited options.  Very disappointing to say the least.The food was extremely good. Although, I found the shrimp croquette seasoning was a bit salty for my taste. The service was sub par at best. If they were knowledgeable about wine,  I have no idea for there was no effort. I would have had another glass of wine if anyone cared to ask or even slightly look over at our table. They were too concerned with polishing glasses and over servicing one table. Too bad. $15 glass of average wine requires a bit more service. I am hoping I just got them on an off night. Three stars for bad service. Btw I did ask if they had table service when we sat down and got a definite"yes".Visited by myself and arrived between happy hour and dinner and so I sat on the couch and enjoyed chatting with the chef and my server. I had a really nice tasting of Italian wines along with prosciutto and asiago. I really want to go again with a group of people so I can order more and share it!  It was a nice relaxing evening in a classy, soft atmosphere after travelling all day.My wife & I ate here last night.  Chef Antonio has recently arrived and greatly improved the menu and quality of the the food.  We shared the two specials; Shrimp Monica (sauteed shrimp in a light, cream sauce with pasta) and Steamed Mussels (in a white wine, tomato sauce).  Both were very delicious with great portions.  My wife thought these might just be the best mussels she has had on this side of the Atlantic.
Along with the cool location, great wine & service (hats off to Blake!)you have to check this place out.  We'll be back!Phenomenal! Great bottle of Malbec. All the small plates we ordered were wonderful, especially the mushroom ragout. Comfortable, casual place with friendly service. Only very slight negative was the music outside coming from the hookah bar next door.I really like this place.  We came here in the early evening and were the only customers in the store. The sommelier who helped us was informative and friendly. We picked our 3 wines for our flight to share.  The flights are $20. We were pleasantly surprised to find that our sommelier was very generous with the pours. I think he must've given us close to 5 ounces, when it's only supposed to be 2 ounces.  
We had the Cabernet Franc from France, Cabernet Sauvignon from Napa, and a Cabernet and Malbec blend from Argentina.  I thought the Cab/Malbec blend was the best of the three.  It was full bodied with a fruity finish. The Cabernet Franc was too light and lacks flavor.  
The Tasting Room is a relatively new establishment that opened on Valentine's Day in 2014. The interior is small and intimate with couches and early 1900s plush chairs. There is also outdoor seating.  This place also serves food and dessert, but we were here for the wine.Great ambiance.  Knowledgable unpretentious staff.  Largest wines by glass selection in NOLA.  Eclectic menu - chicken liver brûlée, avocado toast, and almond crusted coq au vin are all winners.  Everything is reasonable priced.Great little place and great food.  Only issue was it was freezing inside so we had to sit outside.Really yummy food, delicious wines, great ambiance. Laid back, nice little place to discover.We came here for a meal because I seen it was open until 11 and we did a tour that ran until 930. Service was pretty slow we ordered the deviled egg App and it was 4 small egg halves. Not the size of deviled eggs I am use to. We were suggested a few entrees and I took the steak selection. It was cooked to the right temp but the sauce on the steak was very sweet. I am not s fan of sweet sauces on my steaks and the fries we're very soggy. It wasn't a very good meal IMO especially for the 27$ price point. My wife got the salmon which she enjoyed. I tried some and it was a strong fishy tasting salmon. I like some salmon but not the Susie fishy tasting kind. Guess that sounds weird because it's fish ‍ but some fish tastes super fishy and some has mild fish taste. It's hit or miss with salmon and sometimes I like it sometimes I don't. Overall it was. Disappointing meal and I wouldn't come back or go out of my way to visit this restaurant if you are looking for a place to go. It has a limited menu and so many great choices in Nee Orleans.Where do I begin? Upon walking in, there is a strong 1993 wine bar vibe and there is also a smell, a smell of both staleness and must.  There are no bar stools near the bar because of some "code".  I have never heard of this before but take their word for it.  If you decide to order a bottle or a glass of wine, the seating away from the bar is odd and uninviting.  There is a sofa that would work if you have a large party but if you are there with one other person, there are not many comfortable options.  I get that standing at the bar without seating is very "European" but if enjoying a bottle, it does not feel relaxed and you end up feeling rushed.
I have expensive taste in wine (and coffee and steak) for that matter and feel strongly that a good wine is worth every penny.  I stand by this but I also know if I am being made a fool of.  A glass of wine ran me $15.  That is a little steep but if I know the wine I am getting and enjoy it, I do not blink an eye.  The problem comes when my glass is measured and then when poured into my wine glass, it does not even fill up 1/4 of my glass.  Three sips, even if you are the most dainty, and then you are finished.  When my pour was first given to me, I looked at the employer and asked if this was the norm for the glass to be nowhere near poured halfway and she just made a smirk and said "we measure and this is the norm".  This did not sit well with me and the atmosphere was also lacking. I will not be back.I have to say I was impressed with this place. The service was great and the wine selection is interesting and well thought out. The ambience has a kewl vibe going for it too. We all did flights and thought it was a great way to go. I'll defiantly be back and have to sample some of their food to go along with the wine.Quaint, beautiful, romantic spot! Food was very good and so was the service. We had the escargot, salmon, paella, truffle fries, and creme brûlée. All well prepared!Went there for a date night with my boyfriend. The place was smaller than we thought, but very cute and cozy. We got the wine flight which we felt was a little over priced. It wasn't a busy night but the wait staff kept skipping over us; it felt like we had 3 different waiters. One of our cheese plates got messed up, and totally missed giving us avocado bread - which we so looked forward to! We got the fries and meatball instead and split them. Over all besides the service (and forgotten food) it was very cute and the meatball, fries, and cheese plate were so yummy! It is a little more on the pricey side (for us at least) but really great for a quaint place to hang with friends/significant others.I rarely ever write reviews, but The Tasting Room is an exceptional place. And I couldn't pass up the opportunity to share my wonderful experience. I recently went there for the first time, and the first thing I noticed was the unique and awesome vibe that the front room has. Very cool deco and setup. The owners are so incredibly nice and knowledgable about their selection. They specialize in wines from the lesser-known vineyards that are not available in other local spots. After I told them what I liked and what I ordered from Arabella (the restaurant that is in the back courtyard. So easily accessible and fresh. Delicious, handmade pasta.), they suggested an Argentinian Malbec that was perfect. They are very knowledgable about their selection and so helpful. Before we got our food, we ordered a cheese tray, which was a perfect appetizer and went well with the wine and pasta. Altogether, this was a great experience, and I will definitely go back. I strongly suggest this place for anyone who enjoys a good glass of wine and a friendly atmosphere!!Extremely impressed with this little place! Atmosphere reminds me of a mix between a quaint European bistro and a wine bar. There's a beautiful patio in the back. We actually sat at a two top literally in the window facing Magazine, very neat if you can snag it! We started with the house Cab from Chile, and it was absolutely amazing for a $9 glass of wine. Hope to be able to find this at Martin's or Dorignac's. We then got the Chef's board. Really great value for only $25. Only complaint is there were two hard cheeses and a blue cheese, would prefer a soft cheese to a second hard cheese. Can't go wrong with any of the meats. Next were the truffle fries served with an aioli. Can't resist hand cut fries, and these were perfect. We finished with meal with the escargot. Be careful, because the plate is HOT! Accidentally burned myself on it. Worth it, because these snails were delicious, swimming in blue cheese butter, garlic, and white wine on top of sliced potatoes. Use some extra bread from the charcuterie to sop up all that buttery goodness. Only better escargot in the city is at Cafe Degas, but these are close for me. Will be back to try the roasted cauliflower!
Last bite: escargot.We recently hosted a private party here for 60 people. Eric was wonderful from the initial planning stages to the day of execution. The rest of the team, Doug and David, were perfectly attentive to our group and our needs during the event. 
Such a cool atmosphere, lots of character and a warm swanky feel to it. Food was excellent and the wines we selected for our group were wonderful and beautifully presented and poured. 
I work in the wine business in Napa and also have 20 years is hospitality experience with Disney...  so my expectations can be pretty high. They were exceeded. Highly recommend the tasting room for a private event or just a date night out! Cheers!I'm not much of a wine enthusiast, but the staff made great recommendations and were super helpful. The truffle fries are AWESOME. Cute decor as well. This is a great place to visit to catch up with friends over drinks and delicious food - highly recommend.Such a great experience for an early date 'night' with my husband. Had charcuterie board and some bubbles- high quality product, swanky/relaxed atmosphere, fair prices.Went for a nice New Year's Eve dinner with my friends! My truffled cream of mushroom and cava were delicious; just a bit bummed I didn't finish my wine as it was too much...everything else was delightful though! The rib eye looked really good but my stomach can only hold so much.  The ambience was lovely and the staff was fantastic and patient. Will be coming back!Wonderful wine selection. Loved the paella and cauliflower. Great wine flight selection.  Comfortable surroundings.Bartender was very attentive, excellent service. The appetizer was equally good. Did a wine flight and all was good!The tasting room is a nice little addition to the lower garden district!  The owners and staff are always friendly and helpful, and are quite knowledgable about their offerings/selection.  The ambiance is relaxed but upscale, and the patio in the back is adorable (cozy, alley-like and strung with lights)!   
The pasta shop in the back is AMAZING.  Some of the best, freshest, al dente pasta I've ever tasted (seriously, it's up there with pasta I had in Rome...), and the sauces are flavorful... Mmmm mmmm mmmm.  I'm not normally a huge fan of Italian food but I find myself craving this place, and have been succumbing to those desires about once a week.  
I've never been here for the daily afternoon tastings; just dinner.  But, I should probably check that out!I used to live only a few blocks away at Magazine and Race and this was one of our favorite places to go to for a relaxing night out.  It was rest to be able to walk there. The wine selection is great and the wine flights are always a treat to learn about and taste more wines.  The staff is also super knowledgeable and accommodating to let you switch wines out of it's something you know you don't like and then also give suggestions of what would be good to try. 
The decor is also super cute. The front has couches and comfy chairs that make you feel relaxed and welcome if you just want to hang out with friends. There are also tables a little bit further back and even an outdoor courtyard at the very back. The different plates of food we have ordered have always been good, but I tend to stick to the wine as we usually go after dinner.Service was great and the food was good but not spectacular, over priced for the type of location. Great little wine bar...The Tasting Room is a Gem in the lower Garden District. Their knowledge of the wine they serve is first class and their food is just the perfect match to the experience. The staff is attentive, kind and they're proud to be apart of the Tasting Room. Highly recommend as you will leave feeling like family.Had a great time here. enjoyed the flight of reds we got. BBQ shrimp was great. Our waitress was sweet and helpful. Nice ambience. Will be coming backCame for an event last night. Great ambiance and food. The selection of wine was great but most importantly our host, Danielle was awesome!!!Beautifully decorated, great ambiance, service was great, food was excellent! Crispy Chicken was exquisite we reordered! Toby was a delight as well as the chef! They were awesome! Thank you!!!! The ChicagoansAbsolutely in love with this place.  Everything from the ambiance to the wine selection is perfection.  What makes it even more superb is that it's attached to an adorable pop up shop called Arabella Casa Di Pasta, which serves delicious (AND INEXPENSIVE) pastas and small plates.
First off, I'm the biggest fan of rustic decor and design, so just the aesthetics of this place immediately set me on the right foot.  It's 100% up my alley of what I look for in lounges and bars in NOLA.  The brick walls, furniture, chandeliers, and lights were just screaming at me.  I felt comfortable and at ease right upon stepping in.  No pretentiousness or stuffiness here.  We ordered food from Arabella and then ordered a cheese plate and a flight of reds to try.  The cheese plate was excellent!  Offering a variety of four cheeses, breads, and grapes it was a bargain at $12.  The only thing missing? Some nuts and fruit pastes, but for the price I can't really ask for more.  Each cheese was already too good.  And for the wine?  I'm really into full-bodied and smooth reds, so the flights (3 samplings for $20) allowed me to try a good bit of what they offer.  
The staff is also very knowledgeable and unbelievably accommodating and genial.  I can't wait to see the great things that will inevitably come from this little gem.  Definitely somewhere I see myself frequenting.My wife a and I wanted to check out a new place and thank goodness we decided to go to Tasting Room.  We each had a glass of wine to start and then enjoyed a really refreshing Rose from Rioja.
We also decided to grab a bite and the food did not disappoint.  We started off with cheese & charcuterie which was absolutely fantastic.  3 meats, 3 cheeses with honey, Dijon, and a fruit spread.  What a great combination.
We split the Coq au Vin which was so perfectly prepared.  Had I known it was going to be that great, I wouldn't have shared it.  The flavors were balanced and it was well presented.
We finished the night off with a lemon torte and a chocolate mousse.  Both were delish.  Neither was overbearing in their flavor.  Great balance and flavor.  Matt and Jordan are doing great things in the kitchen.  Do yourself a favor and get there sooner than later, you will be very pleased.Perfect place for afternoon girl talk or date-night! 
Friends of mine were just finishing up a youth biology summit where they had been dealing with tons of pesky  teenage girls so I assume there was no other thing they wanted but wine. I figured The Tasting Room was the perfect place. 
Being held hostage in a college dormitory all weekend...the gorgeous chandeliers, modern furniture and cute and serene courtyard were a good change of scenery. 
We ordered a mix of flights....reds, whites, and bubbly's which range between $20-$25. Great selections and the waiters give you tons of info on what pairs well together. Also, they have pre-selected flights if you are a bit confused about what to try. The charcuterie plate was pre-selected as well with cheeses and meats which were great choices. 
The food menu (although I didn't try anything this time around) seems pretty awesome and changes with whatever is currently in season. 
Great addition to your afternoon drink spots.Some friends who live in the area (hi Emily W.!) turned us on to this awesome Magazine Street spot. We've been to some wine tastings there, stopped in for just a few glasses, and even attended a wine pairing dinner on New Year's Eve. 
The Tasting Room has a great selection of wines you might not find elsewhere. The food is fantastic, and the menu has a great selection of traditional cheese plates and lighter snacks like an amazing roasted cauliflower head. The menu also changes up often so you an always find something new.I have been a big fan of this place over the years, but my last visit has changed my perspective. When I arrived and there was a good bit of open seating, neither of the two women working behind the counter even acknowledged that I had walked in the door. I asked if there was any particular place I could sit, and they told me I could sit in the front window, but there were no chairs there. Then they told me I could sit in the back at a long table with multiple seats. So we went and sat there. There were three other tables that were wrapping up, and the two servers came out to both of those tables twice yet never even acknowledged us or came over to see what we would like to order. That's when I set a timer to see how long it would take for them to actually come and ask if we would like to order anything. After the timer hit 10 minutes - and that's really a lot longer than I should have given them - we just got up and left. We walked right past those two servers again at the counter in the front room, and they didn't say a word. Definitely no reason to visit here anymore. Totally lame.My new favorite wine bar when I come to NOLA! So we found this place on accident bc we were headed to another wine bar that upon arrival there was a ridiculous line to get in! Nope! So came here and my first look they had these cute little intimate window seats for 2 where you could people watch or just have a nice intimate convo with your spouse! Even had a curtain to close yourself in! Too cute. First night we ordered the Truffle fries (delicious as always), Chefs Charcuterie Board and when i say it's the best boards I've ever had! THE BEST! Then we shared the Trout for dinner....AAAHHHMAAZINNGG! Didn't even need to order that but our eyes were bigger than our stomachs apparently but it was soooo good! Lollol! Cute outdoor patio as well and the inside decor was really nice and inviting as well. Great wine was served as well and our waitress was really sweet. This is def now our favorite little NOLA date night spot :)The infamous "truffle fries" were old, refried, greasy and not hot. They were tough, chewy and inedible as a result.  The menu was limited so the only fish item they had the server said they were out of.   
When we asked how they could be out of the red fish because we were there and they had just opened her answer was "There were some issues with the fish?"   The server could not answer any menu questions because each time we asked she said she had never had that item on their limited menu?
The staff acted low key and unenthusiastic and could easily be interpreted as snobby.
I got sick on the snails because they were probably old given the rest of this poor excuse for a restaurant.Amazing experience! Great pricing and selection. The atmosphere was incredible, chefs plate (3 meat/3 cheese) was delicious and the customer service was excellent. Will definitely be back my next time in New Orleans!This place was awesome. The chacuterie, the wine flight and the chocolate caramel creme brulee. The service was also great! The staff was friendly and very helpful. I will be back again in the near future.Decent space but drinks were weak and food was blah. We ordered the chefs board and it was pretty comical $24 for a micro board. Service was slow and we didn't get a few other items we ordered but didn't care to stay any longer.If I could give this place 20 stars as opposed to 5 stars, I would.  The location on a very revitalized Magazine Street, is romantic.  The restaurant, the music, and the quiet vibe is romantic.  This place makes me feel like I have the best of both worlds.  On the one hand you have the beauty of New Orleans, while also feeling like you are in a world class tasting room in the Napa Valley.  I loved my flight of Cab Franc, Petite Syrah, and Pinot Noir! The service is awesome and my wife and I will be back!We stopped in on 11/12/19 to grab a quick bite and drink after looking at their happy hour online.
We waited in front for almost 5 mins before grabbing a seat at the bar just to watch the bartender eat pineapple and text for 25 mins while waiting for our meat and cheeseboard to show up. She then responded with attitude as if we were inconveniencing her greatly by cancelling our order.
We paid out for our drink and left. That was pretty terrible.Beautiful new place on Magazine St. The decor is stunning and the place has a great vibe. Excellent wine selection and featured tastings. Freshly prepared Italian food is available from the Arabella kitchen out back. Delicious and fresh.Great selection of wines. Awesome atmosphere. Great food that you have to check out. Friendly and extremely knowledgeable people. Gotta check it out and enjoy.Really great food, nice atmosphere, and just all around a great place to eat. I really enjoyed their vast selection of wines, and a small, but very delicious menu. I enjoyed it very much, and would come back anytime.Superb! The moment we approached the doorway, we received the friendly inviting welcome by the bartender. We were cautious as we were dining with our Maltese dog. That caution was quickly removed as we were completely 100% welcomed inside to dine in any table we liked. 
There's several outdoor small tables for two, there's a cozy back garden with a fountain and assortment of tables, and then there's the inside main room. Here the room has two huge chandeliers over the bar, nicely placed sofas with tables, and more cozy tables for great conversation with friends or date night. 
Once we picked our spot, the friendly bartender brought us menus and said to let him know if we needed anything. We noticed the board with specials and the options continued with the menu. Choose cheeses with your wines, or if you're hungry choose an entree. The menu has something for everyone.  Staff is efficient and the pace is relaxed. Sit and visit in a positive trendy spot. 
My husband went with the escargot that he swears was the best he has ever had, with potatoes and garlic. I chose the penne a la vodka with chicken. Delicious! 
Can't forget the flight wines we had were superb too! A set of three, I went with white and my husband chose the reds. Again, excellent options. 
The bathroom is clean and well maintained too!
As we sat, savoring our meal and wines, we were pleased to meet the owner and chef, Antonio. He is the Tasting Room and his passion is obvious! We truly enjoyed meeting him and best of all finding this romantic gem. Great food, excellent wines and friendly staff. Highly recommend this as a must when in the NOLA area.this is one of my favorite new finds. i come here often for a glass (or 2!) of wine and dinner/dessert. the house wine is reasonably priced and delicious. and the truffle fries and chocolate cake are wonderful. 
the whole staff is always friendly and accommodating. this is one of my regular hangouts.We had a delightful experience here.  The server was very attentive and the food was delicious.  Get the Mac and cheese and BBQ shrimp and then top the Mac with the leftover sauce for a great combo.  The triple cream Brie and manchego go great with the warm bread.Owners Tobias/"Toby"  Devore and his talented wife brought his vast knowledge of wine and her fancy for design to NOLA and have created a luxurious new niche for wine sampling. Yes, I said sampling, not tasting as here you choose the number of wines to samples, minimu four I believe, and for a fee you receive almost half full wine stems rather than the standard dribble barely covering the bottom in the free tasting events.  Or, you can choose any of his large varietals by glass or bottle.
As for the food, the original chefs presented an excellent but limited menu fofusing only on various pastas.   Toby's new chefs have prepared a diverse men that is directly intended to pair well with any flight of wines you or Toby will select.
For starters, the lowly raw carrot was elevated to anattractive and delicious roll - who'd have thought!  But we had to order the cheese and charcuterie board with cheese from our local favorite fromelier on Prytania supplemented with a variety of cured meats, olives,  nuts alongside a tasty loaf of oven baked bread (ooh la la) - this can be enjoyed only by wine sampling or contuing on as we did to the full courses.
Next, a lovely bleu house salad with I think a touch of caviar - c;est magifique!  Then, one of our diners chos a pair of fried chicken tender sliders with yummy scallions and a side of truffle fries. Although there were several other delicious entrees -, some of us were quite full by now-only to be tortured by a couple of overflowing desserts - something with raspberries and cream and pastry plus a chocolate ganache looking pie
Enough already - don't forget to tell Toby if Bob luref you in.Great wine, great service, relaxing atmosphere!  I recommend doing a sampling... great value and a great way to expand your tastes in wine.A great wine and tapas bar in the garden district. Had a great meal here during Valentine's Day but would definitely recommend to anyone to come back and enjoy their wines. Our waitress did a great job of describing the meal and the chef did a great job of pairing the wines.Striking out on a Sunday with closed restaurants and long wait times, we ended up at The Tasting Room. It turned out to be the perfect choice to wind down after a long day of mainstream NOLA tourism. 
Beautiful decor, charming music, and an atmospheric patio made for a pleasant al fresco meal. Even though the flights were well publicized and seemed like a good deal, my group opted for a bottle of cava and a bottle of rosé, both priced very reasonably. We shared a cheese and meats plates followed by a few of the other small plates, of which the luscious, melt-in-your-mouth oxtail was a particular favorite. The staff were friendly and attentive. I can't speak to the late night scene, but the dinnertime crowd was peaceful and low-key. I would certainly return on a future trip.Very nice, upscale wine bar. Wines by the glass will run you $11-$13 so you are much better buying a bottle. They offer wine flights for $20 if you are in the mood to taste a few. The decor and seating area is really beautifully decorated and comfortable. My favorite part is the permanent pop up shop of Arabella Casa Di Pasta in the back. Their homemade pasta and sauces were so amazing and paired perfectly with my wine. Everyone was really nice and had so much enthusiasm about wine. These are my kinds of people!Love love loved this place. The wine list is reasonable and the scallops and mushroom ragout were absolutely delicious. They were so rich it worked for dinner for the 2 of us. 
The only reason not to give 5 stars are the hours and the limited food menu. Only open until 11 on a Friday night?This is a cozy, quiet, chic spot with a great wine menu in the Lower Garden District. Some friends and I stopped in impromptu for New Year's Eve and had no issue getting a table. The wait staff was friendly and professional and the bubbly was a great way to bring in the new year. 
They had a prix fixe dinner for anyone with a reservation so we weren't able to try their main courses and were limited to starters only, which was fine for us as we were just walking in for drinks. We tried the truffle fries, roasted cauliflower, and mac and cheese. The roasted cauliflower was incredible, the truffle fries and mac and cheese were just so-so, definitely not anything special. I will go back for the ambiance and wine list alone!5+ years this amazing culinary gem has sat unknown to me - that finally changed!
found this place last night and WOW! went in for some tapas & chilaxing. niether happened. the smiles amd smells awoke me to hey lets really go for something!
with toby & erica (it's a "c" not "k", i dbl'd chkd lol) i was served an amazing white that sat perfect on my pallet with the evenings dinner special - local gulf seafoood penna in a beating of your grandma tomato sauce with hawaiian basil (we had some laughs on the lack of pinapple hints when the meal arrived).
i couldnt finish the meal there was THAT MUCH! and if you know me, seen me or read previous reviews; thats quite the feat lol
enjoy this place! 
two comments about the wine:
1) yes the tasting room has you covered for variety of your preference, price range and all then other items
2) as a sommelier once told said - it isnt the wine that makes the evening, its the ppl you are sharing the wine with that do! the tasting room can take a bottle of $2 chuck and allow you to have a wonderful evening
go here now, laters & often again!
laters y'allDelicious!  Great food, service, ambience, and friendly staff.  Charcuterie Platter was awesome. Along with the Deviled Eggs, and Escargot.  The best dinning experience in NOLA.My review is based solely on the incorrect listing on your website as well as yelp. I have been to this establishment on 3 occasions each time traveling from Slidell, LA. 
Tonight I arrived a few minutes before 10 pm to find the doors locked. While the sign on the door has been changed to show a closing time of 10pm there has been no change to the website. 
I'd love to give this place a try, however I don't think I'll make this drive again. Wish I could leave a better review.Our waitress was exceptional, food and wine pairings on point. Favorites Big Ass Meatballs and Shrimp Monica. Paired with red and white wine respectively. Lovely furniture and courtyard. Received $10 off coupon for future uber eats order.I had heard many great things about this place but after my visit here, I would have to disagree with all the great things I heard.
I'm giving two stars because the pasta was good. That's about it!
Otherwise, The Tasting Room would have gotten a one star rating. The ambiance is cool but the vibes that staff give off are unsettling (the Asian guy and the general manager in particular). I felt very unwelcome. The portion sizes were VERY small. 
I'm not coming back!This place was awful. Beautiful restaurant and great wine, but terrible service. Our waitress messed up our entire order and charged us for the more expensive bottle of wine. She had an attitude when we bought up the issue. She even yelled at us when we were just trying to explain the issues. Didn't even check on us once and was on her phone the whole time. If you want terrible service come here.This is a very cool place with great ambience, live music and a hip gathering spot. However, the service is terrible. It takes so long in between rounds, it's definitely not a spot you will be getting your buzz on. We were celebrating a birthday and were prepared to order more food and drinks and spend a lot more money but we just couldn't get any service so we moved on. The one thing we did get was the Tasting Room Board and for $24 I definitely felt it was lacking.This place was excellent. I ordered a glass of cab and split a tasting board with a friend (she ordered a flight) The food and drink was excellent, so was the overall vibe and customer service. I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone looking for wine tasting in NOLA!A great spot off the hectic French quarter scene. Amazing, attentive service and just delicious everything. Cheese plate was stellar, with incredible triple cream Brie, a delicious blue cheese with honey, and other standouts. Great suggested flights and a particularly tasty chocolate Kaluha creme brûlée. Douglas was outstanding, and it was a lovely quiet evening at The Tasting Room.Orlando!!! What a amazing chef!!! Great service! Great atmosphere! Delicious food, I recommend any day to anyone!Our first time in NOLA! I wanted to do something special for my Wife. I contacted the GM Eric, who was very kind to accept my reservation. We showed up a little early, but were greeted with open arms and accommodated with a beautiful table. 
Great Wine selection and boy-o boy is the cheese and meat choice perfection. Service was one of the best experiences we had this trip.
Will definitely suggest this as a nice spot for one individual, or groups. I will love to go back if ever in the future we travel to NOLA! Five star!Ok I love the vibe of this place but the food was just ok. There really isn't anything to taste?? Drinks are your standard fare and I just left hungry and unsatisfied?!? Needs so much more because if it's Thursday night and we're the only folks in?? That's an issue mainly because they have nothing special! Keep trying is all I can say!We arrived in NOLA on a dark and stormy night to our Airbnb in the garden district and were famished but didn't want to walk far for dinner.  We stumbled upon The Tasting Room  and it called to us!  A beautiful little place with exposed brick walls and beautiful woodwork; this place has a romantic cozy atmosphere.  It is a wine bar with food.  We both had a wine flight and then shared three dishes.  The BBQ shrimp was DIVINE!  Highly recommend.   It is in a creamy sauce with a kick to it so have lots of the bread ready.  The shrimp were perfectly cooked. Then we had a roasted chicken leg over a Israeli couscous in a fragrant broth.  Also delicious and it made you want to drink all the broth out of the bowl.  Finally we had the deviled eggs topped with a dollop of caviar.  The caviar added just the right amount of saltiness.  Our server was kind and friendly.  I would return if we are in the area again.Was waiting to go to a wedding so we had decided to go grab a quick drink and bite since we knew it was going to be a long night.  The place was very small, but intimate, and the workers were very friendly and helpful, and the food was amazing!  We had the following:
FLIGHT OF WHITE WINE - I'm not much of a wine drinker, so I don't know what wines to try, so drinking a flight gives me a taste of three different whites, and I thought they were all good
CHEFS BOARD (3 MEATS / 3 CHEESES) - pretty good assortment of meats and cheeses
HOUSE TRUFFLE FRIES - white truffle oil, sea salt & house aioli - how can you go wrong with truffle oil and fries? Yum!
HOUSE PAELLA - shrimp, mussels, clams, chicken & Chorizo - probably the best paella I ever had, no joke!  It was super delicious!
Overall, a pretty nice joint to checkout to get some drinks and food in!Amazing food!!!!! A true chef who puts love and thought into his plates. We tried about 5 different small plates and were blown away- the grilled cheese on bamboo and charcoal bread  great wine selection as wellCame here for the first time & loved it! The decor is so cute - especially the neon sign, and the tables are set up perfectly for social distancing from other parties. The staff is the sweetest! We had Jordan waiting on us, and we talked with him for a while, he's great and was very knowledgeable of their options and helpful with making selections. The fried asparagus is so good - try it! They also have chambongs for only $6.If I could give 0 stars I would! I was honestly just disappointed. Thought the location alone would have sufficed. However I was bored nonetheless!They have an excellent happy hour! (the cheese boards were delicious and reasonably priced) Outside of happy hour, it is very expensive. We ordered the steak board and it was good, but not great.LEt's Just say.... This spot can be hard to find if you are not paying attention . LOL! But it is worth it!! Also let me start off this review by drawing attention to the fact that this spot has happy hour!!!!! There's a really delicious wine selection. You even has options to do a BUBBLY FLIGHT OR RED FLIGHT!!!! On the Happy Hour menu you can get a cheese board for $5. I had got the fries and also the chocolate mousse desert and i did not feel let down at all. Now yes the fries were over $5  but it paired really well with the wine i was drinking. The chocolate mousse had the most delicious and fresh juicy berries on top in a souffle dish. Overall definitely a good experience for the start of 2020!~Great wine selection with the sweetest staff. Definitely go with the Old Ghost Zinfandel, it's beyond delicious and pairs beautify with chocolate. Might be one of the best I've ever tried.
Bonus points for animal lovers- they have an adorable little dog that hangs around!We very much enjoyed the tasting room! Whether you're in the indoor or outdoor area, The vibes are great and the food is even better! We enjoyed wines that we haven't tried before as well as a killer pommes frites. They were even better and most of the ones we tried in Belgium.
The atmosphere is cozy vintage yet eclectic... Which, is right up my jam. this is a new staple for us to visit when we go back home to New Orleans!Enjoyed the atmosphere & setting,it's more of an intimate setting,rather than for a large crowd. I love the Chic & shabby decor of the venue.
I enjoyed the shrimp monica,the aroma was great I will definitely be returning soon.
ThanksTasting room
 Magazine Street is one of the calmest and most unique  areas the city has to offer. You can easily find charming boutiques, grocery stores and great eateries just by taking a stroll. When looking for what I thought would be a great happy hour to catch up with my cousin, @tastingroomnola came to mind. I thought it was a no-brainer when I saw seven dollar charcuterie boards and five dollar house wines and "magazine margaritas", but that was just the tip of the iceberg.
 We went after work, and when we got there, we were given the option to sit inside or outside. We sat outside, where there was a nice breeze and we were the only ones out there. The young man told us our server would be with us shortly. Moments later, she arrived asking what we would like to drink. I ordered a margarita and my cousin ordered the House wine. Immediately  after we ordered, a table was sat right next to us. Minutes passed, and our server dropped off the drinks then immediately went to the next table. We caught her before going back inside and asked her if we could order one cheeseboard and one meat board. 
 After about 15 to 20 minutes, the table next to us received their cooked food (fries, meatballs, etc.), and we had yet to receive our food. Due to the flies, we asked our server if we could move inside, she rolled her eyes saying "hold up, let me get the manager". He never came so we stood up, walked to the doorway, and waited until we were asked if there was anything we needed. Of course after expressing our concerns, we were seated inside. 
 By now I had noticed that yet another couple, who was not there when we arrive had received both drinks and food. We again waved the server over to ask the status of our food. She said hold on and went back behind the bar, not the kitchen. At this point, I am bothered so I stopped the manager and explained that all we ordered were the two boards, and we've been waiting over 30 minutes. By now, two additional tables were seated and received their food. He apologized, went to the kitchen, and came back empty-handed. He stated that it will be up soon, the chef apologizes and he would adjust the bill.
‍ As he went to the bar by the computer the waiter stated, "what do they want now since I'm doing such a bad job." The manager waved her off. Eventually we received our boards, but honestly by then my experience was ruined. 
 The space is very small. There aren't many tables, including the small patio, which is not a problem but the guests can literally see and hear everything. The horrible service took the taste out of "The Tasting Room"!Great customer service!!! Shawna was the sweetest! We were standing outside trying to figure out where to go and she was so sweet and came out to invite us in. There was 14 of us and she quickly recommended champbongs (like champagne shots out of a bong looking glass). They were great!!!! The place was super cute and clean. Great customer service!The patio is magical at night. The chef is a freaking genius. I truly enjoyed my visits here. The tasting room bridges urban chic with southern comfort. I absolutely enjoyed my brunch here. The chef pays attention to the right balance of flavors (French toast) when preparing an item. 
I enjoyed my French 75, which is my favorite! The only drawback is none...This was a cool date night spot and they had some great live music on the Friday evening we tried it out. Wine flights were fun, though maybe not the best bang for your buck. The charcuterie we ordered while very tasty, was on the smaller side of meat/cheese servings so definitely wouldn't be my go-to if we were pretty hungry. Good for light nibbling though. Overall we enjoyed the vibe and will go back again, just not necessarily in a hurry as there are lots of great wine bars in this foodie city, some with cheaper options to get the same quality fare.Upon arriving we noticed the sign on the door and were encouraged. As we entered, the exposed brick, cozy seating, and crystal chandeliers drew my attention. We chose to sit outside on the patio/courtyard. Seating was awkward. Two patio sets to sit on. One of them has a support pole 'in the way' and both are bathroom adjacent. A little TOO adjacent for my preferences, to be honest. Then theres the soundtrack.. It made no sense, but maybe that was the point? It went from country to R&B to rap and back to country. There seemed to be a disconnect between the dining room, the patio, and the music. All three felt seperate instead of coming together.
We arrived during happy hour and ordered our wine. Cant beat $5 Pinot Noir on tap. We ordered the cheese and meat board for $10 ($5 for cheese, $5 for meat) and it was surprisingly large and had various accoutrements. Smoked Cheddar from the UK, Local Brie Camembert, and a light Bleu that I cant recall and a healthy supply of chorizo. A couple of cornichons, berries, pepperoncini, bread, and two jellies accompanied. We were very pleased with the selection and the portions and the chef was kind enough to personally identify all the items. We next ordered the mushroom toast. Disappointing. The toast was soggy and the spread (which was pretty tasty) was cold, and the large slice of (i think) portabello was hot. We split it and I couldnt even bite through my mushroom. Her piece was much less tough. We decided to call it quits after this and make our way to the next place on our list.
All in all, the menu is promising and my date and I both think the place has a lot of potential. I would go back but probably only for the wine and the charcuterie. I truly doubt you could find a comparable board in town for the price. You can find better mushroom toast though.Such a quaint and pristine place. The tasting room is the perfect place to have an affair with a wine flight. I usually order the wine flight (of 3) glasses of wine for $30. Tasting different blends accompanied by the coq au vin and the truffle fries is one of the best experiences I have had at a wine place uptown. 
The modern seating areas are very classy. There are seats available in the window as well. 
The patio area is perfect for those spring or fall days in New Orleans. The lighting is perfect and the seating is intimate enough to feel like you are still in the wine bar. 
I wish there were more seats here. I have been several times with large groups of people. I just wish there was, maybe an upstairs area available to smaller parties. 
Final thoughts, 
I really like this place. I would come here any night of the week for a flight and a passport to funness....Charming, sexy, inviting environment for this Magazine hotspot. Instagram worthy pics in this hip spot. Delicious Cabernet Sauvignon. Nice back patio to chill with friends and enjoy the scene over a cheeseboard and your favorite drink in hand.This is such a lovely space and has been a variety of businesses over the last few years. I hope this iteration of the Tasting Room makes it!
My most recent visit was to a HH event planned by a friend on a Wednesday night in early January. There were $5 wines and $5 HH boards. They also have cocktails. But I was only doing club soda that evening but still had a great time.
The space is lovely and very conducive to intimate conversations or even some silliness with your friends. The bartender was friendly and the kitchen was quick. 
In better weather there is a closed courtyard in back that is really pretty. I'll definitely have to stop back when I'm actually imbibing.In town for a couple of nights - staying at the Downtown end of Magazine - found this place close by - good reviews but not a ton of them YET. 
And that's the key, people: YET. 
So glad I listened to my inner food snob because this place is LEGIT. Classy but relaxed, attractively laid out, but still simple. Great lighting, good music - the ambience alone is worth coming back for. 
And then there's Shauna, who is delightful and engaging and a second reason for coming back - repeatedly. 
And then there's the food. Here's what I had, imported right out of the menu: 
CAST IRON SEARED GRASS FED FILET
Seared filet mignon atop a Wagyu jerky potato croquette with caramelized fennel, asparagus curls and roasted garlic butter. 
It's a "large plate" in a place that specializes in small plates - so it's not huge and, admittedly, a little pricey but let's not quibble over forgettable details - it was delicious, cooked exactly as requested, and the mix of flavors were spot on. Home run. I don't care what they ask. You can't put a price tag on experience. And this place has THAT figured out. 
As a final note, the drinks I sampled were: a Boulevardier (most bartenders have no idea what this is), a lovely Bordeaux (full-bodied and rich) and a delicious Port - Six Grapes - very nice finish. 
Atmosphere, Decor, Excellent Staff, Wonderful food - what else do you want? 
And that brings us back to the YET. My prediction - this place is gonna leave a mark that's hard to erase. Come see why.....This place is such a secret chill spot. On Wednesday's they have $5 wine specials for LGD residents, lasting all night. They recently have started to wine fleets with a red, white, or sparkling options. I typically enjoy cheese plates and theirs have always been satisfying and always plenty of bread. The small plates and entrees are surprisingly made to perfection every time. I've yet to meet a food or a wine here I have not liked.Loved this place!! We went here for a quick bite before we went out and it was divine! We got charcuterie boards for the table and I got a champagne flight for myself. The charcuterie board had 3-4 cheeses and some great jams along with prosciutto and some salami. I would say one is enough to share with four or five people. I loved the idea of a champagne flight so naturally I had to get it. I'm not enough of a champagne fanatic to really taste distinct differences but I know each type was great. Fun atmosphere and friendly staff!Went for dinner and drinks on a Friday night. They small plates were delicious. The Big Ass Meatball is HUGE, the truffle fries were good - although they were a little crispy. The cheese place was really nice - along with the preserves and pear slices. The Deviled eggs with caviar were delicious - but were just your basic deviled egg with some caviar on top - not really a distinct flavor or anything. 
As others have noted, the place is small. There are approx. 8 tables to sit at in the main room, and there are a couple out front, as well as in the back courtyard. The service was okay - we had to ask several times for things, but that may have been because we didn't go up to the bar and order (which I saw several other people doing). I looked up the menu online just before going, but when we arrived there were a couple of different items on the menu. There are also specials for different wine/champagne flights. Would definintely return!The venue was beautiful, and the customer service was wonderful! I would only suggest this place for a small date night or meeting place for drinks with co-workers. This isn't the place to go for a " fun night out with the girls".The food and drinks were great. I just found it odd that the gratuity was already applied for a table of 2 and that there was a $5 processing fee for our cards. You would think this would be advertised or mentioned ahead of time.If you want Horrible service definitely go to the tasting room, they were not attentive at all, and we honestly felt discriminated against as POCs. The one star is for the shrimp pasta. This place should be avoided, trust the bad reviews.I certainly miss the old tasting room. Ordered the cheese and charcuterie board and all I can say is it was the smallest and worst excuse for a cheese board I have ever seen. Along with the board they serve just 6 tiny pieces of bread (soooo tiny) when we asked for more bread we didn't realize we would be charged $3 just for and even smaller amount of bread. Moving on the steak board was good but again the amount of steak served for $22 was a bit insane. All I can say is skip this place if you want to actually eat dinner. Maybe it's good for drinks? The wine list looked nice....Attention all of my bourgeois friends. The Tasting Room is an experience. This place gives me upscale-exclusive-VIP vibes with photo opps galore. This is my go to place to bring friends that visit from out of town. This place is small. It's absolutely perfect if you want to have a good time without crazy noise. The bottomless mimosas and bottomless Bloody Mary's are more expensive than a lot of bars in the area, but the price is worth it because of the ambience. They have really cool meats and cheeses on the charcuterie board. They also have a couple of flavors of pepper jelly that comes with the board. They also have gigantic drinks that you can share with friends. When I say gigantic, I mean wine glasses the size of a child. They pour an entire bottle of champagne in these glasses and stick really long straws in them. Super cool and chill place for a party of four or five.My boyfriend and I decided to try this place to celebrate our anniversary because we both love wine and had not been here yet. I could not have been happier with my experience. We walked in and were immediately greeted with the warmest of welcomes from the two gentlemen standing behind the bar. We sat down a little unsure of the protocol. We were, again, immediately greeted by a different gentleman very willing to explain the menu and all of the options. I can't express how warm and welcoming everyone was in words. Each person that I encountered, I would swear was the owner because of their attitude and willingness to help but each one was better than the last! The décor is a hodge podge of wonderful eclectic taste. There are exposed brick walls inside and an adorable courtyard in the back with a black and white movie streaming on the bricks walls. 
Now onto the food and wine, AMAZING! We each got our own flight so we could try different options and a charcuterie board with 3 meats and 3 cheeses. Everything was perfect and I have raved about this place to anyone that would listen to me since. I am returning for the second time tonight (the second time in 1 week) with a group of friends so they may have the same experience. 
With all of the pretentious wine bars in NOLA, the Tasting Room was a surprising, refreshing change.We had such a lovely time here after walking about the garden district neighborhood. Our server Hailey, was very attentive and even changed the music for us to something more "New Orleans." Highly recommend the bubbles flight and don't miss a peak at the back patio, it's adorable!What a wonderful atmosphere for cocktails and a bite to eat!!! amazing staff and ownerAlways so happy to be at Tasting Room. The chef makes amazing charcuterie and asparagus oh and creole sandwiches. The chambongs are fun and great wine selections. Thursday nights are LADIES NIGHTS.By chance the Tasting Room became me and my gal pal's spot for chats, bubbles, and cheese. It's a great spot to take sparkling libation selfies after getting a mani/pedi at Lilly's at a quieter spot on Magazine Street.
It's never been too crowded though the velvety couches up front are a coveted spot for our girl talks and are occasionally taken. There is also table seating and a low-lit courtyard if you're looking for some serious incognito time in a city where we bump into each other walking out the front door. 
We've enjoyed their sparkling flights (usually $20) that are $5 off on Sundaysz #SparklingSundays. Sometimes the pour is heavier than other times but either way, I love a good flight which they have a great variety of. My friend is a wee bit more particular with her tastebuds and I really appreciate one of their staff members really working to find the perfect red for my buddy I will refer to as Goldilocks in this situation since she tried at least five different wines before settling on one.
Their cheese plate is pretty legit and I do appreciate their variety of accoutrements that accompany.  I'm probably the worst at remembering which cheese I liked the best but I know for sure I enjoyed the French Triple Cream and Goat Cheese #softcheeseplease. I think three cheese and a meat make for a good board there for $20. And my PNC was craving some extra pickled goodies and they were kind enough to bring some more out.
I have yet to eat a full meal but after scoping a recent wine dinner they had, I may need to get on that. I do thoroughly enjoy spending a few hours here enjoying a flight with friends!I made plans to hang out with a friend here. Neither of us had been before and wanted to check it out. I called two days straight to make a reservation but no one answered. I sent a direct message on Instagram and that worked. I was given an email address and made the reservation.  I recommend a reservation if you are going on a weekend. This place is smaller than expected and was very busy. Doesn't seem like the kind of place you can just go on a whim and get good seating.  The inside of this place is very cool. Nice artwork and neon signs. Great if you want to get the perfect picture for social media.  Now let's talk about the food! When I go to a restaurant like this, I want to try everything. Luckily my friend had the same idea in mind. We ordered the shrimp roll,  smoke salmon, tasting board for starters. Entrees: Steak and Shrimp Pasta. Dessert: Cheesecake Ice cream. Needless to say the table was covered with amazing food. In fact the waiter even said, "Is there anything on the menu you didn't order?" :) As I said before it was much busier than expected and there was only a staff of 3. They worked really well together and provided excellent service.My new favorite place in NOLA!!!!!! I love Elisa and the chef they were so nice and the food was great! My whole experience was a 10/10 I have never got such great service anywhere else, this experience was amazing! Please get the mimosas, every food option is great!Most places were closed so we decided to stop by this wine bar! It was such a cute spot and I really enjoyed that we were able to try different wines while deciding what we wanted to drink. The host was incredible and we loved the ambiance.Visiting from Atlanta and just happened to stumble upon this gem! The service was amazing. The food was incredible. I will definitely be back on my next trip to New Orleans.The food was pretty tasty - we just got the grilled asparagus with bacon from the brunch menu.  It was $12 for about 8 asparagus spears, crumbled bacon, and a halved hard-boiled egg.  It was good but questionably worth that amount.  We had cocktails, which were also about $10-$11 each.  They were pretty good, nothing amazing.  The main "issue" was the atmosphere.  I think we had envisioned something relatively classy and clean, but it just didn't actually seem that way inside or on the back patio.  It was sort of typical New Orleans seedy-ish.Great place for wine and snacks in the lower garden district! The tasting room is adorable, a great spot to go with friends or on a date. I loved that there are comfy couches, tables, or seats in the window so you can pick the spot that works best for the vibe you're going for. They have a large selection of wines and the people working were really knowledgeable about what they had available. They also let us have samples of other wines that they were considering adding into their wine flights (!!!!)
My friend and I shared a cheese plate and the truffle fries and they were both really good! I wish they had given us more bread with the cheese plate but maybe I just like bread too much.
The tasting room also has a happy hour with deals on glasses of wine (I think $5?). Hopefully they will add food to their happy hour soon too because that would make it a new go to happy hour spot!
Food - 4 stars
Wine - 4.5 stars
Service - 4 stars
Atmosphere - 4.5 starsThis small and quiet place located at the top of Magazine St. Was perfect Monday Night Date Night!
Customer service was AWESOME! Especially considering the bartender doubled as the waiter too. 
Small kitchen with AMAZING eats. THE Cajun Shrimp Roll reminded me of a lobster roll. Marinated in Cajun seasoning, tossed in a creamy sauce, and served collard on a sweet brioche bun! Perfect small bite plate. 
The bar had plenty of options and a great, strong French 75!UPDATE: I finally got a chance to visit this establishment and wanted to update my review. The tasting room is a cute restaurant tucked away on Magazine street. The setting was perfect for a romantic date. On the day I visited I was one of three patrons, which was a plus. The Restuarant wasn't busy at all. The seating area is open and there is also seating in the window, which gives additional privacy. The waitress was very attentive and willing to give recommendations for wine.  We selected a red sparkling wine that paired well with the food. They do have a large selection of wine to choose from. 
The meals were selected based off of reviews on YELP. Honestly, I was a bit disappointed. The mac and cheese quality was like that of box mac and cheese with pepper sprinkled on top. Nothing to write home about, a bit bland. The bbq shrimp came with french bread. The shrimp were flavorful, but being that I like my bbq shrimp with the head on, I wouldn't get this again.  The temperature of these two on delivery to the table was not to my liking, not necessarily cold but definitely wasn't warm enough. 
My boyfriend had the ribs. He enjoyed them and all they had to offer. The ribs came with a side salad. I would suggest that the servers mention what ingredients are included in the salad. When the salad arrived he did send it back due to there being no forwarding of goat cheese. We ordered aioli fries instead and the fries were AMAZING. They were hot and fresh and left me wanting more. I'd say it was one of the best things we'd had from the menu the entire evening. 
If you have a sweet tooth, the white chocolate bread pudding is also a hit!  The warm sauce on top of the bread pudding with just the right amount of crispiness was the perfect ending to our meal. 
I'm glad I finally had a chance to give it a try after my previous attempts. I wouldn't come back or go out of my way to patronize this establishment again. Overall, I would suggest this restaurant if you're in the area or wanting to try something new. You may. It find your self disappointed. 
My review is based solely on the incorrect listing on your website as well as yelp. I have been to this establishment on 3 occasions each time traveling from Slidell, LA. 
Tonight I arrived a few minutes before 10 pm to find the doors locked. While the sign on the door has been changed to show a closing time of 10pm there has been no change to the website. 
I'd love to give this place a try, however I don't think I'll make this drive again. Wish I could leave a betterStayed on Magazine Street, and stopped in for a Sunday Bloody Mary. The service was great. Jessica was so sweet, friendly & very welcoming. She made us great cocktails while we watched the game. Atmosphere was perfect food & drinks 10/10. Perfect place for upscale snacks and drinks with outdoor seating areas. Again, Jessica was exceptional and we will be back!