I was looking forward to having the fish and chips.  I think the fish was frozen and the chips are french fries. If you want to try the fish and chips go on Tuesday when it's 241. I'll try something else next time. Bike rack in the back.Outstanding Happy Hour.
Outstanding late night menu. 
Fantastic dinners, brunch, and lunch. 
Great atmosphere, it's the classiest pub I've ever seen. 
Very welcoming. 
No Creole here, just some very fresh British Isle style food. 
I eat here at least once a week and I always take out-of-town'ers here.Great food, reasonably priced.  On the St. Charles street car line with cold beer and a 'kids corner' too boot!  I had the eggs Benedict.  Fresh and delicious.  My son had the burger and fries.   I think I've eaten the best fries I've ever had...   No joking!  You gotta check this out...We were hoping for Irish music and good food. Found neither. Waste of time. It's just a typical bland American bar.I only have one thing to say about this place. Guinness served the RIGHT way. And since Yelp won't let me post this review without saying more I'll say it again. Guinness served the RIGHT way.Ate there twice while in town. Food was good both times. Guinness was excellent. Service was great the first time but awful the second visit.  Bob S (server 304) was our server on new years day. When we gave a dirty glass to him he brought it back a few secs later, same glass with spot smeared off. Appalling.I hate only giving this place three stars because Chef Murphy does a mean breakfast that'll kick a hangover's ass. The atmosphere is really nice and I always find something new and interesting to look at. 
Unfortunately, the service is abysmal. I mean, it's really really bad. I went there this morning for breakfast with a friend. The restaurant was less than half full, however there were several people waiting just inside the door, so the two of us headed to the bar. It took almost 15 minutes before anyone approached us to even hand us menus or take drink orders. The bartender was nowhere to be found. At one point, Chef Murphy poked his head out of the kitchen and looked around for...someone? Anyone? I'm a server too so I tend to be more forgiving than most, but the few people who were waiting tables seemed to be in no rush, wandering about aimlessly. Finally a girl (a hostess, I think) took our orders. Even then it took another ten minutes to get coffee. While we were waiting, another guest who was clearly irritated asked the girl for toast, butter, jelly, and several other necessities for their meal since they hadn't seen their server in a long time. 
The Irish House has great potential, but they need to kick their serving staff into high gear to really live up to it. I honestly wish I could write more about the great food, but the poor service overrode most of my positive feelings.Service sucked. 20 people in the place and took them 20 min just to take drink orders and 2 people at the bar and took 10 min just for a beer.  Was ready to walkout.  Food was good but service killed it especially for the price. Will not go back.Probably not a bad place for drinks & appetizers.  Dinner was pretty unimpressive and pricey.  Wonderful beer list though!  Just set your expectations accordinglyIrish style pub to the core, serving traditional Irish food and pouring a proper Guinness. The prices are a bit high, and the menu a bit limited, but I'm grateful that they know how to actually pour a Guinness correctly. They also have darts in the back.This is a legit Irish Pub on the St. Charles streetcar line!  Excellent selection of Irish whisky, beer & traditional pub fare, including the best fish & chips in town, shepards pie, etc.  Excellent service, too!
Watch for one of their whisky tastings and/ or come out for Wednesday night trivia.  I'll be back!Like superior grill, this is a seemingly popular restaurant for reasons unknown to me. I only go if I must (friends birthday, etc) and they never fail to disappoint me with their slow kitchen, overpriced entrees, and mediocre servings. Last time I went I only ordered fries- surely they can't mess up fries!- but alas, they did. For $5 I received a small bowl of limp, mushy dark brown potato pieces pretending to be French fries.Upon entering we were greeted by great staff, eagerly awaiting our arrival. Service was excellent, very attentive. Our waiter suggested the special which was beef medallions with asparagus and mashed potatoes with an amazing Demi glaze sauce that was to die for!!! Kevin had the Shepherd's Pie that was also great flavors and presentation. We chose the dessert called toffee pudding but ended up being a fantastic cake like substance that melted in your mouth!!! Great place, fun atmosphere and away from the crazy Bourbon Street loudness!!!Went here for a party on the 2nd floor.  A/C broke and food was bland.  I really don't have anything good to say.First the positives: The atmosphere is great, and I really like having a nice pub in the neighborhood. The beer and wine list is extensive, the service is great. We ordered drinks and four appetizers. Two of the appetizers were delicious (the lamb belly and the salad with corn and avocado). Now the negatives: the other two appetizers were inedible. We ordered the special (cornmeal battered fried oysters with slaw and chicken soup with mushrooms). The oysters themselves were very good, though the accompanying slaw was so unbelievably salty that as soon as I put it in my mouth I had to spit it out. Same with the soup... potentially delicious, but so incredibly over-salted that we just couldn't eat it. We alerted our waitress, who went to the kitchen and tried the dishes herself and agreed with our complaint. We were never offered replacement dishes, and were charged for them when we received the bill. The good dishes were good enough that we'll probably go back some day, but I doubt we'll rush. Note to the kitchen: try your food before you send it out. There is no way that the salt level we experienced could be tolerable to anyone.Not so sure I will ever grace my presence at this place again.  Went Sunday after the majority of the St. Patty's Day celebration was over.  It was late afternoon.  It was busy but nothing like what it had been the day before.  It's a stone's throw from my place.  I've been wanting to try it, but I've heard mixed reviews.  
Especially for the St. Patty's Day celebration they had turned their parking lot into an outdoor seating are.  Pretty smart I thought.  My friend and I walked up.  Notice a table for two minus the chairs.  We asked the fellow patrons who weren't using chairs if we could use them. Sat down.  A few minutes later thinking we were going to be given an Irish smile and menus we received scathing instructions to go inside to be seated by the hostess.  I tried to explain that bc there was NO sign posted to do so and the fact that we had put this table together ourselves but she wasn't having any of what I was saying.  So, like good little girls we went in.  Explained to the delightful hostess what had happened and she in turn tells us that we CAN take any seat we want outside.  SERIOUSLY????!!!!  Talk about the right hand not knowing what the left hand is doing.  Makes me think that one had is masterbating while the other is getting high.
Not a good way to start off.
We went outside where the hostess then told us to wait.  Meanwhile the hotheaded Irish women was seating another couple at "our" table.  Afterward she had a powwow with the hostess and waitstaff.  We were then reassured that we would get the next table.  
We waited.  Keeping my temper... smiling, thanking them.... finally... two 4 top tables emptied.  YAY!  Not so lucky though...
Instead we were seated right up front by the stage where you can't hear a thing.  I politely asked the waiter if we could be seated in the back.  His response was "If you want the service you deserve, you need to sit here." Huh????  He must have noticed the quizzical look on my face bc he said it again, dropped the menus and walked way.  Upon sitting, our waitress immediately asks if we know what we want.  Stunned... of course we don't know what we want we JUST sat down, thank you very much. Usually patrons are greeted with a "hello" and a "I'll bring you some waters while you go over the menu."  NOT HERE!  We had to ask for the waters.  
Finally reviewing the menu... why on EARTH does an Irish restaurant serve sangria?  That's the one of many, many items that shouldn't be on this menu but are.  I don't care if the chef/owner won Chopped.  Whoever drew up the menu needs to schooled.  It's pretty freaking basic.  
Disgusted
We left before the waitress even came back with our waters.  Even better, not one waitstaff person was even outside to see us leave.
*POOF*
Waste of my time.  My Boston Irish side of the family would prolly drop their heads in shame... shame, shame.. shame.  
Went to Hoshun... always excellent service... always consistent food... always appreciated.  I thinking I'm turning Japanese.We came here three mornings in a row, the food is top bar for an Irish pub. We are only sorry we were unable to make it to lunch or dinner (next time). Ingredients are super fresh, everything is made perfectly and tastes amazing! The staff is very friendly, thoughtful and professional. Chef/owner Matt Murphy and his wife Alicia even sat and chatted with us over our eggs Benedict and fresh and delicious Molly Malone seafood omelette. Their Irish breakfast, as well as their home cured salmon with red onion marmalade on a bagel are must haves. If you want to spoil yourself, ask to have the salmon instead of the ham on the Benedict. If you like good food, this is the place!
Live music and theatre rounds out their establishment. Call for info.We had a horrible experience here on June 20, 2015. We were out for my husband's birthday, which we had saved up for.
We waited over 5 minutes before anyone acknowledged or seated us, despite a group of several waiters standing and chatting in full view.
It took almost ten minutes after being seated just to get our beverages. The waiter acknowledged my husband's birthday by presenting him with a plate of three small, stale pieces of Irish soda bread.
When our food finally arrived, it was bland and unseasoned. I had asked for no pesto, since I'm allergic to pine nuts. My plate arrived with a huge pile of pesto all over my food. I finally got the replacement long after my husband had finished his mediocre entree.
It took another 15 minutes or so for us to get our check.
All of this, for over $60.
It was a terrible disappointment, and waste of money.
At a bar across the street, we had a long talk with Rachel, an Irish House waitress who was off work. She was appalled by our horrible experience, and went over and talked to the manager.
We received a phone call several hours later from the manager, who apologized profusely and offered to send us an invitation for a free meal to make up for it.
It is now three weeks later, and no invitation has arrived.
I have heard such wonderful things about the Irish House and its chef, and we were really let down by the experience we had, and the lack of follow up.
Three star food, two star service, for five star prices.
And I'm left to wonder...if this is how they treat locals, how on earth do they treat the visitors to our city?Oh, how I wish I was wrong.  Was craving Shepherd's Pie, so went down there ordered it up and well, just no.  Mick's on Bienville serves up a REAL Shepherd's Pie on St. Patrick's Day.  Wish they had it on the menu all the time.  
Anyway don't get the Shepherd's Pie.  It consists of a less than 1/4" of mashed potatoes with some not even expensive cheddar cheese and about 4 inches of ground beef, gravy and peas, lots of peas.  
Hey, ya'll call me and I will tell you Grandma's secret recipe.
Ok, I'm waiting.....Waited well over an hour to receive our food once it was ordered. 
Had a waiter who seemed to have years of training in showing apathy and disinterest usually reserved by teenagers at social functions with their parents in tow.
Prior to ordering, I had the good fortune of bumping into the chef (or an individual in a chef's outfit) who assured me that the duck was excellent. Lucky me, I was feeling ducky.
The food arrived and redefined disappointment. My duck, while obviously an excellent piece of duck breast was cooked to the point of being tough and it was cooked in something that masked all flavor of the duck and replaced it with something more repugnant than desirable. My wife had beef medallions which were also tremendously over cooked. I had 2 bites of the duck before surrendering and my wife 2-3 bites of her medallions. 
About 5 minutes after our food arrived, we were both done and had pushed the plates to the side. This didn't even remotely occur as an oddity to our blissfully ignorant waiter who arrived 25 minutes later to retrieve our plates and ignore our empty beverage glasses.
I thought "Maybe we did something without realizing it to upset the waiter." But as we got up to leave after paying the ~$85 bill, I had a table which sat about 20 minutes before our departure ask us,"Is there something wrong with our waiter?" To which I replied,"Nothing methadone can't fix... you might want to head across the street to Wendy's or Popeye's if you want decent service and an edible meal tonight."
Freaking pathetic. I'd give it two stars if not for the fact that I've got a friend who is so enamored with the idea of an Irish restaurant being in town that I'll be dragged here time and again. For that, I wish I could give him a one star review as well. In fact, I'm reevaluating our friendship and considering informing him that for our friendship to endure, my attendance at the Irish House simply can not be expected.With off street parking and also being on the streetcar line, this restaurant is easy to get to. Food is typical pub fare - chicken curry, beef stew, shepherd's pie - and are in the $10-$12 range. Service was very good.Great ambiance super Irish coffees
My wife's favorite almost as good as what we've had in EuropeUgh....
To start off on the positives, the venue is spacious and well kept. Apparently there is also an upstairs private dining/event area, which I didn't see in addition to a variety of indoor and outdoor seating. I was pleasantly surprised.
This evening my girlfriends stopped in for a post saints game dinner/drinks. It was pouring all day and maybe 25% occupied by patrons- mostly empty tables. Our waitress was polite and attentive, although getting our drinks/food was pretty slow considering there was such a small crowd- and there was literally not a single vegetarian option on the menu. we made sure to pay out following our meal so not to burden the waitress, but remained at our table to continue drinking.  
Which is when things went downhill. No one ever came to clear glasses off of our table, there was no table service for cocktails (or if there was it didn't happen for us). The power suddenly went out but we (and everyone in there) stayed, in the dark, to finish the bottles of wine we had purchased. No employee made any sort of announcement about the situation to the patrons about what was going on or how service would be impacted or any effort to check in on the tables at all...about 20 minutes went by and someone brought votive candles around silently. The staff literally acted like they could care less if people stayed or left even though it was 3+ hours before closing and made no effort to reach out to the customers. I understand they needed to addres the power issue but if you have customers literally sitting in the dark waiting to pay a tab instead of just walking out without paying, one of the staff should have been checking in on people, maybe passing around cheap shots or something as a thank you for sitting in the pitch black....the show veritably did not go on, and came to a screeching halt.
after about an hour, I went to the bar to see if we could order another bottle, or if we should close out and leave, and literally got ignored by who I later discovered was the bartender, 2 waitresses and someone in a white Oxford shirt and tie (manager?) standing in front of me behind and beside the bar, then each walked away without speaking to me. I then found a waitress and (nicely) asked if there was any way to place another drink order or pay out & she gave me the stink eye and said the power was out. Obviously. I explained I understood there was no power but did they. Have a way I could place another order or close out and leave instead of sitting in the dark and after another stink eye she got the bartender from somewhere that was not anywhere near the bar. Antoher stink eye & a sigh and he decides maybe he can use the old school credit card copier that basically traces your card info. As if it's doing me a favor to offer a way for me to pay a bar tab after an hour of no communication from the staff that we could have just walked on.
 I offer to write my card information down for him and he replied he wasn't just doing it for me, the entire bar would need to use it and walked away. Perhaps that is something he could have bothered to start examining an hour beforehand instead of making me beg to pay my bill or continue to spend money. I was actually scared to ask him if I could please have a cup of water, or st and a cup to get sink water. My friend dared to ask if there was any of the bread that is passed in the beginning in the kitchen to eat while she was waiting to pay her bill since she they couldn't make any food, and was ignored as well. 
Bottom line is that clearly losing power is stressful for the staff. But there was zero interest or effort to let the patrons in the dark know what was going on, to make us feel comfortable, to thank us for patience or to offer an option for us to pay or make any additional transactions. We sat for probably 2 hours in the dark without ever hearing the staff speak. Saying thank or apogize to anyone. 
Won't be back.Had the rise and shine breakfast. Very large portion but absolutely delicious.This place is great! I went last year not long after they first opened and again during Jazz Fest when my folks were in town. On this second trip I was pleased to find they had expanded the menu a bit. The service was pretty good and there was live music outside. I rarely eat every single thing off the plate at restaurants (too much food!) but I cleaned the damn thing! It was the perfect portion and perfectly cooked. The first time I tried the Lamb with grits and this last time I had the Shrimp and Artichoke risotto and a poached egg on top!
I will definitely go again. They have a pretty good beer selection and their Apple Crumble rocks!
Can't wait to go back for Happy Hour and try their Bar food menuEveryone has a bad day, so this might have been Andrews.
1) he came and sat down with us at the table when greeting us.  
2) once the order was taken he never came back to table but once.  We had to flag him down to order more drinks, that never came.  
3) he over charged us on drinks and food 
4) we asked for the manager and the manager never came to table.  
5) the food was about 2 stars.  The fish & chips fish 2 pieces didn't have any fish in them. 
6) we asked him to correct the charges and when he brought the bill back the 2nd time it was still the same.   
I would have a hard time giving them a second chance.We have wanted to go here for the past year so we made a date  for a night they would have live music. 
We'll we were greated by a host who apparently did not want to be there. And later walked out.
I must say for an Irish loving girl I was not disappointed with the ambiance of this place. There was no live band as advertised wich was a bummer but I will never dismiss Flogging Molly.
We split the beer salad.  We loved it. My wife ordered the salmon  with vegetables.  The salmon was cooked perfectly but the sauce and vegetables were over powered by salt. 
I ordered the fish and chips with malt vinegar. 
The fish was great. The chips underneath were cold and overdone. 
Our waitresses never came to check on our drinks or make sure everything was ok. We had to ask twice for the malt vinegar it took 15 min. 
I enjoyed the experience but I do not think  I will be going back anytime soon.Our waitress was accommodating and the drink specials are great for saints games. However, the food was sub-par. Having had excellent bangers and mash in London (and practically living off of them), I suppose maybe my expectations were a bit high. But, when I decided to stop eating off of my boyfriends plate, I was sadly disappointed by my grits and biscuit. Unfortunately, Surrey's has spoiled me ( great for breakfast/brunch options!) what a terrible first world problem to have.
You've got to have a reason to come here, whether it be to meet up with friends, peruse a bunch of cool Irish garb, or to pretend you're an Irishman and throw some whiskey down the hatch. I'm not sure I'll be frequenting this location if not for one of those reasons above.Not overly impressed with the food. I started with the roasted tarragon chicken soup which was absolutely FABULOUS! Should have quit while I was ahead. I then ordered the fish & chips, my husband had the Shepherds pie, both came highly recommended by our waiter. The chips were very limp & the fish was undercooked. I couldn't eat the breading, it was very doughy. The shepherds pie looked wonderful but didn't have much taste.  Overall, not a very good experience, won't come back for more.Stopped in with a group for a late lunch and some drinks.  The Irish Coffee was very good.  It was my first time trying it, so I have nothing to compare it to as far as authenticity, but the taste was really good to me.  The waitress was attentive and helpful.  She remembered everyone in the group by name and did a wonderful job of keeping our glasses full and orders flowing.  I ordered a club sandwich and the bread pudding.  Also tried the shepherd's pie.  Everything was very good.It was about three nights after their opening that we stopped in to see how they were faring. I couldn't hear myself think! James informed me that this was normal of Irish pub-type places, or rather he shouted to me that "THIS IS NORMAL OF IRISH PUB-TYPE PLACES." 
To be clear, we ordered from the dinner menu, not from the bar. The food was *stellar.* I had salmon and James had redfish. The preparations looked amazing and tasted like heaven. They were large portions. 
We waited longer than 45 minutes for entrees. We would have inquired about this to the server, but the server was not available for inquiries. Further, had he stopped by to refill a soda or bread, he would have been unable to HEAR the inquiry. After our entrees were nearly gone and he did stop by, we asked (loudly) for more bread. They were out. He seemed busy. Remember, it was only their third day of service. I think they will recover. 
I truly believe that within a month, the wrinkles in service and ticket times will be ironed out, and this restaurant will be among the New Orleans greats. The problem is, unless they get carpet or build a wall between the bar and the dining area, I'm out. I will not pay fine dining prices for a pub-type setting. I can't handle the noise. My husband said he'll go back, but he'll have to go alone.They were one of the only places we could find open on New Year's Day.  They really shouldn't have bothered. They were clearly understaffed and both the food and experience suffered.
The Irish Coffee was quite good though.When I go to a place expecting to drop my hard-earned money, I want to be treated with basic human respect, but I don't always get it at the Irish House.  
Every time I go there, having given them second, third, fourth chances, they are understaffed.  And what little staff they do have is rude, impatient, and SLOW. They also play favorites, bringing bread to some tables immediately upon arrival, while doing as little as possible for others. 
How is it possible to microwave the hell out of sausage to the point that it splits and becomes rubbery, but it still shows up cold? My potatoes were cold too. Bringing this mangled slop was an insult.  The others at my table, during this last visit, had similar problems, especially with their hash browns, which were cold and flavorless. 
Upon this last visit, all five of us failed to get things we asked for, such as toast or coffee.  I'm not sure how a restaurant that calls itself the IRISH HOUSE can allow its employees to get annoyed when bunch of guys from the Irish Channel parade show up.   Perhaps if they'd be a little nicer or approach a busy situation with a sense of humor, instead of showing how upset they are, the Irish Channel guys would tip them well, and a better time would be had by all.  
Interesting side note: I called to ask about having my rehearsal dinner at the Irish House. The lady on the phone proceeded to lecture me about  how "we do things in New Orleans," assuming that I wouldn't know.  I'm from here, by the way. But by the sound of her accent, she probably wasn't. She lectured me about the time of year I was getting married and about the difference between a buffet and a sit-down, as if I didn't know. She later made several attempts to get in touch with me, as if there'd be a chance I'd risk spending my money on rudeness and petty behavior. 
The bottom line is this: The Irish House has to fix some of its problems for now.  Perhaps at a later time, they will deserve my business again.Great beer selection and atmosphere, but okay food. Good place to hand with friendsWent here based on other Yelp reviews posted here. Very disappointing. The menu looked great, the food sounded great based on the description. The server came, couldn't really tell us much about the menu items and knew nothing about the wines. Our food took 30 minutes, and when it arrived, my dish(The spinach and garlic stuffed chicken with mashed potatoes) had so much Garlic it was unbearable(and I love garlic) The chicken was breaded and fried, and there was a  oil covering the entire plate.
My dinner mate has the pork cheeks, which were unbearable salty, and the carrots were way overcooked. All in all it made me not want to trust the advice on yelp :(We stopped here along the Nola Social Ride St. Pattys Day pub crawl and man was this place expensive. I ordered  a shot of Jameson and a Guinness chaser and it cost me $14. I like Irish bars, pubs and restaurants but this place is a little too white collar literally and figuratively for my taste.Food was good and the atmosphere was great. The service left a lot to be desired. Our server had no clue how to deal with a larger group and certainly did not keep track of table seating. Took over an hour to get checks so those of us paying missed the ceili upstairs. (Which we came for). Would certainly give it another try if back in New OrleansI really enjoy going to the Irish House. The ambience is great; the truly captured the feel of a pub in Dublin. From what I understand the beer selection is pretty extensive. I know they just updated their wine list, and from what I can see it looks goooood.
Irish House boasts all of the Irish staples. Fish and chips, Bangers and Mash, Beef Stew, Shepard's Pie. I am partial to their brown gravy fries as well. 
This summer they are featuring a strawberry mint lemonade that is oh so refreshing.
The price is a little high, but it is located on St. Charles, so I guess they have to pay the rent somehow.I hate to trash this place but it lived up to the Irish reputation for food,ie, it wasn't very impressive. I had a pastrami and cheese melt which had  very good cheese and bread but only a paper thin slice of pastrami. The "chips" were undercooked. My dining companion had the shepherd's pie which brought back memories I'd rather forget--my high school cafeteria. That said I will go back and give them another chance. Matt Murphy has gotten good reviews and i was totally impressed with his victory on Chopped.I really love going to this for the food and the beers.
The fish and chips are good but you have to tell the waiter for extra crispy.The food was exceptional. They had some gluten free / paleo options, but they didn't match the website so make sure to ask.Went for Sunday brunch.  Food was average and servers had too many tables.  I might give them another shot and try the burger.  Someone in my party ordered that and it looked good.Two thumbs way up.  I ordered the Gravy Boat, honestly it was one of the best breakfast's I've ever had but be prepared for a nap afterwards! They also pour a great Guinness. I will be back.We had the pleasure of going out with friends Friday night, celebrating the retirement from the military of the hubby of a good friend. The ceremony was at the National World War II Museum, and we migrated over to The American Sector, the John Besh restaurant that is part of the museum, then from there to The Irish House on St. Charles Avenue for dinner.
For drinks, the gals were doing "Irish Pancake" shots-Guinness in a shot glass, topped with butterscotch schnapps. Scary, says I, but they loved them. I had a couple of pints of Murphy's Stout. While Guinness on tap is easy to come by in New Orleans, Murphy's isn't, and thanks to Chef Matt for having it at his bar.
Starters:
"Covey Rise Cucumber Salad" - from this week's special menu. Sliced cucumber over Greek yogurt topped with a smoked salmon viniagrette and topped with fried potato skins. I snitched a bite of this, and it was very tasty. The dressing really made a difference.
"Cornmeal Crusted Barbequed Oysters with firecracker coleslaw." While good, there wasn't much "firecracker" in that coleslaw. Still, those oysters were fantastic! The batter was definitely a step up from the typical Fish-Fry you get on an ersta plate or po-boy, and the sauce was tangy, almost a sweet-and-sour sauce.
"Truffled Chicken, Wild Mushroom, Smoked Gouda and Cilantro Tart drizzled with truffle oil." This sounds much more fou-fou than it is! Chef Matt does a great interpretation of a classic chicken pasty/tart, with a savory but mild seasoning. The smoked Gouda ties it all together and adds to the subtlety of the pastry. I had the oysters and Mrs. Yatpundit had the tart--she was getting annoyed that I was snitching her food!
For mains, I had "Irish Bangers and Mash with brown gravy and Crystal onion rings." This is a good interpretation of one of the ultimate Irish pub dishes found worldwide. The sausage was more Irish/British than an andouille or southern smoked sausage, meaning it was tasty but mild. The sausages broke with my fork, but the skin was crispy. The potatoes had a rich gravy. Usually this would be a real "onion gravy," but Irish House does the onions as fried onion strings topping the dish. The combination of the beer and oysters meant I ended up taking half of the main home--big plate!
My wife had "Seared Jumbo Scallops over chorizo stoneground grits with julienne vegetables and lemon beurre blanc." The scallops were seared nicely, then cooked through. Wife fussed that the chorizo itself was too spicy, but the drippings in the grits was just the right spice level for her. That worked in my favor, because I got the chorizo.
My friend Anne (wife of the GoH) had "Shrimp and Artichoke Risotto with wild mushrooms, aged Parmesan fennel cream and a poached farm egg." This was another winner! I'm a sucker for just about anything with an egg on top, and this was solid. This is a dish I'm going to try at home. It's going to take some work to duplicate the cream sauce though.
Desserts: Our Guest of Honor was told that his money was no good at the bar, so he and his brother started doing shots. When the manager came over and asked if they'd like another, GoH said, "surprise me." Bad thing to tell a bartender! Rick the manager comes back with a tray that had five shots of the Water of Life on it. It's a neat Irish House feature--like a wine flight, the paper under the shot glasses listed what each whiskey was. That pretty much took care of their dessert. We also got two desserts, the "Sticky Toffee Pudding" off the menu, and the "Frozen Guinness Chocolate Cake" off the special menu. The pudding was thick and rich, and topped with a sweet toffee sauce. The chocolate cake was to-die-for. Topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, the cake was chilled and firm, but not rock-solid. It was served with "digestive crumbles," a very Irish way of saying shortbread cookie crumbs. Both were winners!I first want to say GREAT Irish food.  True. But. ... WTF with the St Paddys music. Owner is from Ireland. Wanted a "cultural center" but im listening to a decent cover of Bill Whithers. I say decent because it is an alright band.  But WHERE IS THE TRAD MUSIC? Come on manMy extended family was in town, and I was looking for a restaurant that could accommodate like 16 people at a moment's notice. Lo and behold, I found Irish House.
I had heard really good things, and my mom is a Food Network junkie, so she was extremely excited to eat somewhere a Chopped Champion worked!
We arrived a few minutes prior to the reservation time. We were brought over promptly to an area near a wailing minstrel woman. Okay. I get that it's the style. I should have expected this, right? I chalked that up to my mistake. The hostess then informs us that we'll be sitting on 4 separate tables of 4, only three of which were available. She told us to wait for the last table of four after these poor people eating their dinner got up, which I'm sure they heard and felt completely comfortable.
While my mother and my sister-in-law's mother started getting riled up about this inconvenient arrangement, a manager swoops by and lets us know there was a mistake and we're actually going to be seated at a large square table.
Our server came over to take our drink order promptly. We never got drink menus from the hostess. The poor guy scurried away to grab some for all 100 people we had.
I have no complaints about our server. He obviously had a lot on his plate, and was very knowledgeable about the menu and how to pair it with drinks.
The food was so average at best. I ordered the brie stuffed duck, which was so tough and gross. It was smothered in this sauce, which would have been better in smaller doses. Way too rich. My brother said his fish and chips weren't anything special. My sister enjoyed the bangers and mash, but if you messed that up at an Irish place, you'd probably close down.
Overall, I don't think I'd go there again, nor would I recommend larger groups to do so either. Maybe if you wanted to grab a few cocktails. Their bar menu was extensive and impressive.The wife and I dined here for breakfast, and based on the bangers alone, I can not give this place lower than 4 stars. They have some polishing to do, but you can tell that it is going to be a great establishment.This is a great place for brunch! Our server Aubrie was a delight. The scramble eggs were better than ihop's and the bacon simply divine. The Mamosa was perfectly balanced with its ingredients. Irish coffee was delicious. The sausage wasn't much to speak of. But the complementary soda bread made up for it. For dessert we had the toffee dessert and, simply put, it is heaven. this little place also has plenty of parking. Which as you know is an important commodity in New Orleans.Nice old school pub on St Charles..about a block from my hotel. Came here for breakfast / brunch on Saturday. I was greeted right away and impressed how clean it is. Sat on the bar and ordered Molly Malone Omelet (crab and shrimp, topped with lemon beurre blanc and served with roasted tomatoes, peppers and asparagus). Less than 10 minutes later, there it came. Creamy, velvety, and cooked just right. I could taste the fresh crab and shrimp in every bite. Accompanied by several Mimosas and my morning was satisfied. My bartender / server was extra friendly..professional. This place is a keeper for next time I visit Nawlins!Came here for Father's Day, and it didn't live up to the hype...  
1. The brandy milk punch tastes like melted ice cream mixed with half and half, sans brandy
2. My wife's cup of water smelled like old dish water (rotten egg smell)
3. The fries on my fish and chips were cold and soggy, probably fried 30 minutes before serving it to me.
4. Ran out of champagne glasses on a Sunday even though the place wasn't packed.For drinks, yes. They have great beers on tap and lots of special deals. 
Ambiance is good. So is location. 
Service is also great (quick, funny, professional). 
I've only had their food once, but that was a TOTALLY different story. 
I went for lunch and ordered the asparagus and portabella mushroom panini. First of all, it was NOT a panini. It was a sandwich served on cheap po-boy bread (the kind they have at Rouses), and not grilled. It was topped with a small serving of asparagus and mushrooms (not portabella) that had been cooked down, without spices or flavoring, in a saute pan and topped with relish--the kind you use on hot dogs. There was some sort of mayonnaise or white cheese vaguely there. That's it. A little stew of vegetables on a cold white bun. The "Fresh tomato" salad that the sandwich was supposed to come with did not appear either. It was replaced with store-bought coleslaw. For almost $10, this meal was very disappointing. 
My friend had the beef stew which was equally disappointing. Flavorless. Like something your great aunt cooked in a crock pot but she forgot to add salt, onions, or any flavorings. 
We were grateful we went for lunch because dinners here are really pricey. 
Again--this disappointing meal was no fault of the servers. Our waitress was fantastic, as were the other servers we saw around the place. And the drinks were good. Someone just needs to get in the kitchen and get some better recipes or something. With a prime location and beautiful building there's no reason for the food here to be so crappy (and overpriced!).I'm not sure if our night was an off night for the crew here, but nothing was very good. First, the live music just did not set the right mood. I get that they are trying to establish a pub atmosphere, but that's hard to square with an average entree price of $20. That said, the music could have been ignored if the food lived up to its reputation. 
Unfortunately it did not. The fish and chips missed on both texture and flavor. Both the breading and the fish were mushy, and the fish was severely under-seasoned. Again, either we went on a bad night for the kitchen or thee reviewers stating the fish and chips are "the best in town" simply don't know what they are talking about. The shepherd's pie was better (not saying much) but again, under-seasoned and just not what you'd expect from an Irish pub. 
To top it off, our waitress, while competent, was not exactly interested in our displeasure, which we were definitely not hiding. During my days of waiting tables, had I seen a guest obviously not enjoying him/herself, I would have made sure at least to inquire regarding the experience.We went here last night for my mom's birthday.  Pretty good but nothing blew me away.  The only thing they had for vegetarians was a potato and leek soup which was pretty good, but then again they don't at all advertise being somewhere for vegetarians.  Their desserts were good but overly rich and only one didnt contain alcohol.  Our server, Stevie, was really friendly but it seemed like she was waiting on half of the resturaunt so service was slightly slow at times.  But we didn''t mind because we were there for a special occaision.Food is very good - and always something going on. Just outside the Quarter and well worth stopping in for a pint or an enjoyable dinner.I really enjoy this place. The food is always good, if not excellent, and the drinks (particularly the beer/Guinness) is wonderful. It's a comfortable, fun, and relaxed atmosphere with great live music at certain times. The gift shop of Irish specialties is fun, as well. The brunch on Saturday and Sunday is very nice and very inexpensive. I love the full Irish breakfast, even some items on it are perhaps a little strange for many American tastes.
We go here usually once a week or so, so I'm obviously a fan.The BEST Irish coffee in the city! I've eaten and drank here and have never been disappointed. I love the talented and lively musicians that play traditional Celtic music during the week. The atmosphere is lovely and sitting at the bar gives one the feeling of being outside of NOLA and transported to a public house in Ireland! Thank you Chef Matt for consistency. Parking is the only thing that can be tricky, so bike, bus, or take the streetcar.I would give this place 5-stars just for the iced irish coffee, which I can't find anyplace to replicate...I think it has to do with the foam. Matt Murphy and my business partner go back a ways and him and his family are just the sweetest people (his wife Alicia is responsible for Fare on Magazine St) with an amazing story! The food and service were top-notch and the pub is straight out of Dublin, like Matt himself! Can't wait to bring my husband back here!!Really loved the ambiance of the place. Looked and felt like a real Irish pub (or my American impression of one). I liked the Celtic music that could be heard in the background.
Food: My favorite dish was the bangers and mash. The herbs in the sausages were tasty and not overpowering. They were also not as greasy as the usual sausage. None of the other food was bad, but it wasn't memorable, either.
The service that day was not ideal, but not terrible. Our waitress badgered to make a decision, stopping by our table 3 times in 10 minutes. After all that, the wait for our food was a bit long, even though the restaurant wasn't full. However, she was easy to reach whenever we needed something. 
Overall, I gave it 4 stars because while the meal was enjoyable at best, the restaurant itself seemed to put you in another world. It made me want to take a trip to  Ireland!
Oh yes, and there's also good parking. Gotta love places on St. Charles Ave with parking.They advertised from nola.com to an event website hosted by the CVB about Irish Week Block Party events happening at Irish House. The event was listed for two days on nola.com. None of the events happened as scheduled when I was there - nothing happened at all. There was no block party. I've pasted below. I ordered a drink that cost way too much and it was watered down with flat soda. I was exceptionally irritated, because I told other people about this non existent event. I will never go there again. I went to Finn McCools and had a great time. I should have gone there to begin with.
This is what was listed on the event website I went at 5 and waited an hour for something to happen. The events listed on their board out front did not match what was on the website below.
March 16, 2013
    Location: Irish House, The
    Address: 1432 St. Charles Avenue, New Orleans, LA 70130
    Times: 10:00 am
    Phone: 504-595-6755
    Venue: Irish House, The
    Visit Website
Add to Trip Planner
10:00am  Performance by Muggivan Irish Dancers
Always a crowd pleaser - featuring soft shoe and hard shoe performers from the Muggivan School of Irish Dance.
11:00am  "Littlest Leprechaun & Finest Fairy" Competitions
With prizes awarded to the wee ones!
11:45am Louisiana Rhymers & Toast to St. Patrick
12:00pm  Traditional Irish Music Session
All are invited to join in.
12:30pm  Guinness Stew Demo & Tasting
Check out Chef Matt's award winning Irish stew.
1:15pm Irish Trivia Contest
Test your knowledge of all things Irish and win some great prizes.
2:00pm  Music with Patrick Cooper
Can't find anything on this guy either.
5:00pm Jameson Girls & Irish Jameson Whiskey Basket Giveaway
5:15pm  Performance by 610 Stompers
Ordinary men.  Extraordinary moves.  Watch these fun, fashion forward gentlemen perform their Irish dancing best!
6:15pm  "Sexiest Irishman" Competition
Do you have what it takes?  Let us be the judge!
7:00pm Guinness Girls & Guinness Basket Giveaway
7:00pm Music with The Rowdy Maggie Band
Multi-instrumentalist Jacqui Sandor exhibits a soulful voice quality that blends well with whatever instrument or other voices that she sings with.  Her soulful timbre and vibrato, distantly reminiscent of her New Orleans, fit straight in with her material whether it be
a fine ol' folk song or seamlessly harmonizing with her Irish Celtic bandmates.
7:00pm Céilí
Traditionally, a céilí is a social gathering featuring Irish music and dance.  Dancing may be performed with as few as two people, as
many as sixteen and may also be danced with an unlimited number of couples in a long line or around in a circle.  Céilís at The Irish House
is a big, fun party with music, dancing and drinking! 
Families, experts and novices are all encouraged to join in.
All weekend long we will be trading "Cabbage for a Shot."
Turn in your cabbage after the parade and get a free shotBartender and atmosphere were great. I had the hamburger it was ok but my friends all liked their dishes and Betty was a great bartender.Spacious and good decor. We got wings and one of the larger wings was still cold in the center. They tasted great though and were pretty crispy. My fish and chips weren't anything especial. My wife got the hangar steak at $24 and the portion was ridiculously small (think quarter of what you normally get). She thought it was cooked and seasoned well. Drinks were good and the bartender was great. Probably wouldn't come back for food, but maybe drinksI've had breakfast here before and enjoyed it tremendously.  I went for dinner the first time tonight, as I had some time to burn.  I started with my favorite irish beer, Smithwicks (its pronounced Smit-ticks, don't embarrass yourself when you order one).  Ice cold and delicious.  The pub menu was appetizing and I went for the classic fish and chips.  The fish was lightly breaded and probably the best I've had since I was in Wales.  The breading was a little soggy, could have been crisper, but the flavor was awesome.  The chips were underwhelming.  Good tasted, but limp and soggy.  
I was getting ready to order the second round and switch to a Murphy's Stout for dessert, when a gentleman sitting next to me said "Murphys?  Have you had the Guinness here?"  First, I couldn't help but notice that his voice had a light irish brogue to it.  Suspicious, but in fact he came over from Ireland when he finished college and settled in New Orleans.  Been here for 25 years.  "I don't drink Guinness out of Ireland, but I drink it here," he said.  Sealed it for me, so i got one.  Good decision, because it was magnificent.  The bartender explained the science behind the perfect Guinness pull - it was about the color, the nitrogen/CO2 mixture, the temperature and the angle of the glass.  Whatever, but he had a PhD in Guinness, as it was the best I've ever had.  I'll be back for the beer alone, and am seriously considering ordering a Guinness with my next breakfast here.I had the Truffled Chicken, Wild Mushroom, Smoked Gouda and Cilantro Tart drizzled with truffle oil $9.75 and it was delicious. Great combination of flavored! Hubby had traditional bangers and mash which was very authentic!  Good beer choices and cocktails. Average price for tourist location. Proportions were large, service was good and ambiance was that of a nicer upscale Irish pub house .Tried it again. Came for brunch with 5 other people. They set us right next to a speaker of a guy playing a guitar that was really loud. We asked to move so we can talk....when the waitress is acting everyone to repeat themselves, you know it was loud.
Took 15-20 mins for our drink orders...5 mimosas, not really hard. Took another 40-45 minutes to bring out food. I noticed someone's food had been sitting there for a really long time...sucked to be them. Waitress was really nice but hardly ever around. 2 times service was terrible, will not be returning.My wife and I stumbled upon the Irish House after strolling through the Garden District.  We had a wonderful lunch and Ms. Betty provided much needed libations.  I strongly suggest the Corned Beef and Cabbage sandwich.  Quite frankly, if I lived within walking distance this would be my kind of neighborhood bar.The full Irish breakfast is perfection! But phone-in your toast order because it takes fooooorever! If you want an extra sausage (it comes with one) it will cost you $2.75 because they only will sell you two!....how about one for $1.50? A sausage sold is a sausage eaten!
Oh, just a point......if the Shepherd"s Pie is made with beef its a Cottage Pie.....just saying!We stopped by to listen to live music and grab a pint. This is a great spot for Irish fun. Check it out!Our food took over an hour, but we didnt mind waiting for the food because it was actually pretty great. Our server took over half an hour to bring out a coffee and other drinks. We split our tabs up and all the bills were wrong, even after we told our waitress the correct orders. The actual
Lunch took an hour, and the checking out process took over 2 hours because our server was nowhere to be found. When we complained about our service and the automatic gratuity that had been added to our tab, the manager implied that our waitress was "probably hungover as it was the day after st. Patricks day". Instead of offering us free drinks or trying to adjust our tab, the manager offered us a business card. A business card does not make up for the fact that we wasted over 2 hours trying to figure out the check situation.We stayed right near The Irish House and absolutely loved it!  The atmosphere is perfect and feels like a genuine Irish pub.
The service:  The people are extremely nice here, but the first night we visited, they were SO slow to serve us our drinks (we didn't order food).  They apologized and also gave us all free gumbo which was a very nice gesture, but we had just eaten and giving us the drinks for free would have been more appropriate.
The Food:  It was pretty darn good.  Not our favorite as far as our experience in NOLA, but the atmosphere and staff nearly make up for it.  The food is good, don't get me wrong.  We even ate Easter Brunch there and it was very good.  My son said his waffle with berries was the best he's ever had.  My husband got the chicken and waffle and did not care for it.  He said chicken and waffle combos usually don't come with BBQ chicken so that kind of threw him off.
They have a cute little store in the back of the restaurant with various Irish items to purchase which I though was a nice touch.  The outdoor seating area was very nice as well.
Overall one of our favorite places in NOLA.The Irish House is in a tall, narrow, deep wood frame building on the River side of St. Charles Avenue. The exterior and interior are elaborately and tastefully designed in an Irish "homey" theme. The wait staff are friendly and professional. We ordered a Tuesday special: two Fish & Chips for the price of one and draft beer (had Smithwick's) for $4.00 per pint. The fish meal, while ordinary, was delicious and not at all greasy. The seltzer bread with butter appetizer was interesting. Also, their tartar sauce was quite nice. I'd most certainly head back to this place! RJTOk, the food is suuuuuuuuper delicious. But, things are a bit slow and the prices are higher than they should be. That being said, still a sold 4 stars for the tasty Irish Fare. They often have live music too, so bonus.  The happy hour prices & the small bites are perfect. (Price & taste-wise!)Don't waste your time!  You have to have a lot of it to go here.  The service was incredibly slow; my husband didn't get his first beer brought to him until he was close to finished with his meal!  The food was ok at best.  The shepherds pie was basically burger and mashed potatoes, you had to go on a treasure hunt for any peas or carrots.
If I was Matt Murphy I wouldn't want this type of endorsement.I ordered the Gravy Boat for brunch- it was the perfect hangover cure. I've been here a few times and have never ordered anything that I didn't like.Irish House
What an upbeat tavern!  This was the perfect place to enjoy St. Paddys Day. Great food, Great service and Great entertainment.  The crowd was definitely ready for a fun time and they got it.  So glad we made the trip to this Irish Pub.A great place if in need of horrific service. Please go and enjoy being ignored for 30 mins after being seated in a half empty restaurant. And when you bring it up, you can watch the wait staff social hour as you relax in your chair some more. I went for a late brunch on a weekend, and I'm pretty sure I was served by dinner.Just a terrific lunch experience. So glad it's near my office! 
I've not been to Ireland, but have visited England and must say the menu here is much like what I saw in English pubs, with a nod to Louisiana sensibilities I might add!
I ordered the Guinness beef stew, and readily recommend it. The stew had everything going for it, delicious broth and fresh herbs. I truly cannot imagine a thing I would have changed about it. The chicken pot pie I spied at the next table was a source of envy, and has inspired my next visit!
Quick lunch, terrific service, great dining room.We so wanted to love this place. The first sign was how empty it was... We didn't care, we wanted to support the chef. My son and I are Food Channel junkies and Chopped fans. 
We ordered the fried buffalo oysters with coleslaw. (11.95). The oysters were mushy. The coleslaw was sauce with some cabbage. It wasn't edible. 
Next we ordered fish and chips (16.95). The fish was good, but four very small pieces. The chips were French fries that were not hot and not crispy. A fry can be hot and not crispy or crispy but not hot. Not hot and flaccid is a double negative. 
I ordered a Shirley Temple for my son. It was good except it sat before it was served and the ice had started to water it down. 
The staff are super nice. The disappointing food wasn't their fault.Had a fun St. Patrick's Day dinner here and  enjoyed the ambiance and good food.  Hard to find corned beef and cabbage, but they had it and it was delicious.  Would definitely recommend for feeling Irish on St. Patrick's Day!We were staying in a BNB down the road and had to pass this place to get the St. Charles streetcar. We passed on this place until our last several hours in NOLA. We had seen mixed reviews on a gluten free site.
My wife is GF and we have no idea what those posters we talking about. One commented on a short GF menu.
This GF menu was one of the best we had ever seen!
I had the bangers and mash which was awesome and my wife had sliced corned beef over mashed potatoes and cabbage. It was to die for. I'm glad she shared a little.
It also helped that it was $3 pint specials as well.
Hats off to the chef!The two stars this place has earned from me are both for the irish coffee I ordered. WOW! I'd give it a 5 but don't order anything else at this place. Nothing interesting about the food and really nothing on the menu for a vegetarian during lunch (not even a salad).I had some friends coming in town, and some other friends were meeting us somewhere, and we were going out on Sunday, of Labor Day weekend during tropical storm Lee. Going to the Irish house was a fabulous idea! They were so very nice when we walked in - a table for 10 - and everything was wonderful! from the oyster appetizer to the cheesecake dessert the girls ordered. I had the duck, and it was amazing! A friend had the fish and chips, and they were fabulous! I hadn't had fish and chips in sooo long! Hoping to go next weekend for an Irish breakfast! :D 
I highly recommend this restaurant - a nice mix of seafood and meats - everyone can be happy :D
ooh - didn't realize it was in the old Town and Country building! Loved that! :DBottomline - It's a classic, quality Irish pub. The decor, from the wood paneled walls with small nooks to the expansive bar repleate with taps,  reads authentic. While I did not sample the (appear to be) delicious fare, the specialty cocktails and the impressive beer selection kept me satisfied. My wallet is certainly happy during thier excellent Happy Hour, which runs Monday through Friday from 3 to 6. Half off a correctly poured Guinness? Yes, please. Half off a favorite Belgian Tripel bottle? Absolutely.Amazing Irish pub on the streetcar line. Totally worth stopping by. We only had drinks so I can't give a complete review. Beer lover's dream. We dropped in on a Monday afternoon so there were just fewer than 10 people there for lunch. Great atmosphere, beautiful interior, and two levels so there is a lot of room.Hmmm....Do I have to click a star??? I guess that's for the beer.
Where do I start? First, I was in the mood for some sheppard's pie...and figured this would be the place to get it. We walked in, waited for the hostess. A group of women came in after us, I assumed were going to the bar, but the hostess then sat them immediately.  The hostess then came to us. I told her it was just the 4 of us. She said, "do you have reservations?" I asked if we needed them, she said she had to speak to her manager first. -while the restaurant had open tables all over-  I felt a little judged.  She came back and said a table just opened up. 
While looking at the menu, i did not see sheppards pie. But instead, a whole lotta what seems to be pretentious cuisine, not irish comfort food-which i expected. After sitting there for about an hour waiting for our food, the lady across from us had what seemed to be a sheppards pie!  Another person had a hamburger! Is there 2 menus? an overpriced tourist menu, and a secret locals menu? 
0 for 3 so far, and the only saving grace was if the food would blow our minds. 
Well, it did not. If I was to go into detail, this would be about 5 more paragraphs long.
 We were told by a manager or somebody we would get a dessert "on the house", since we waited so long for the food, but never did. Our server really didn't do anything, but take our order, and bring us the bill at the end. -and we tip at least 20%, but we were kindof curious if we should, since we already felt judged in the beginning.
(On top of that...it was really really loud in there, could not even have a conversation.) 
Just because the chef won a t.v. "game show", which he proudly promotes, does not mean you take pride in a restaurant. It starts with the food.
I would much rather have spent my 100 bucks elsewhere, i feel ripped off, and will not be returning.
This will be added to the list of tourist traps.Went here recently with a large group - about 8 of us.  They easily accommodated us.  They had live music going which was a pleasant surprise.
The best thing about this place is that it's super gluten-free/paleo friendly - most dishes can be accommodated pretty easily. This is nice in a large group with a variety of dietary requirements and is a great mix of healthy options with, I guess, more normal options.
The charbroiled oysters were excellent, super buttery and paired well with the french bread.  The roasted beet salad was fairly standard for a roasted beet salad, nothing super special.  I had the beef short ribs for an entree, which was very good, though honestly, portions were a bit on the small side.  My husband had the blackened gulf fish which I tried, and was good as well.  
Overall, a good solid restaurant, though not amazing, though I wouldn't ever hesitate to come here again.So sad to see that this place is closed. Took me a few years, but finally remembered to review my meal! Still the best breakfast I've had in my entire life. Thank you, Irish House!palid fish and chips only made worse by the orson welles impersonator hitting on an unsuspecting young lady next to me. better luck next timeYum and Double Yum!  The food took forever - we only ordered burgers for lunch - but I swear this was one of the best f***in burgers I've ever had in my life.Amazing selection of whiskeys and great service. Granted, we went in about 11PM on a Friday and we were the only ones in the bar (they close at midnight) but the bartender was very kind and patient. She poured my husband a perfect Guinness pour and I had a dessert- lemon custard with fresh fruit. The ambience was very low key and authentic, just wish we had gotten there earlier for the live music! Would definitely go back.I've been here for drinks before and the beer selection is okay. They have one or two of my preferred selections. Recently, I ordered the Beef Medallion and my husband got the roast beef poboy. The beef medallions were tasty and the potatoes au gratin complimented them very well. There was a pureed pea layer mixed in which was unique to me. My husband's poboy was creative too. The fries and onion rings came on the sandwich. We aren't normally fans of cole slaw, but he ate that too. I was using a Groupon and wanted to take the meals to go. The bartender was very accommodating. I would recommend this place for young professionals to meet after work and try a dish or two.My girlfriend and I stumbled upon the Irish House eventually after driving past it day after day. Finally, we decided to give it a try. First off we were seated by a gentleman in a white apron and chef coat. Which happened to be head Chef Matt Murphy. Yeah, the Chopped Champion. We loved the fact that he absolutely did not have to do that but did it anyway. The food was delicious and the prices were fair. We also let our server know that we were in somewhat of a hurry. She delivered impeccable service promptly without making us feel rushed. Great experience, we will be back.Based solely on the Guinness Chocolate Trifle With whiskey ganache and Bailey's icing which we first sampled at the New Orleans Wine & Food Experience! Amazing! And this coming from a girl who doesn't like chocolate. They also have a nice selection of beers too. We can't wait to return to NOLA so we can come back and try a little more of the menu.I am addicted to the Mrs. Murphy's toastie, which is quite a deal for the sandwich and chips at just under $8.  Sit at the bar and order this. Yes, any lacto-ovos out there, you can get a filling bar food meal here.  Dunno about vegans.
Anyway, I went to the Irish House for the "pub crawl" to benefit the laid-off Times Picayune employees. I had a NOLA "Blonde" as the proceeds from that went to the former Picayune employees.Great happy hour menu!  We tried the bangers and mash and the Shepherds Pie, both were delicious. The Irish Coffees made by Betty are the best ever, definitely try those!Excellent service and a quiet atmosphere. A perfect blend of Irish pub feel with a mix of traditional Irish food with a culinary twist.Monday nights they have a public jam session - which is so much fun to watch! The Irish theme is present. It was not packed or busy too much which seems to be a red flag to me. 
Waitress was hot and cold with us. She was very friendly and helpful at times but a few visits to our table she was standoffish and not interested. That made us a bit weary.
Food could be seen as a bit expensive for what is given. I do have to say that everything I tried was not bad. We ordered a few drinks and they were very strong so we were not complaining. 
Overall, was not too impressed.Basically, the food just wasn't good.  I gave it two shots.  I went for lunch with friends and ordered the soup & sandwich special.  It's probably my fault for going with a Reuben at an irish restaurant, but the tomato basil smoked mussel soup just seemed like an awesome idea.  It wasn't, and the reuben was kind of like a kids ham sandwich, thin and unimpressive.  The soup wasn't as good as a lot of canned soups, so I'm not sure what the plan was there.  The service was okay though and my lunch mates enjoyed their sandwiches, the Ploughman's panini and the Tarragon chicken wrap.  
I went again for dinner and sat at the bar, which was the best part.  The bartender was awesome, very knowledgeable and made the experience fun.  The food was disappointing, again.  We ordered fried mushrooms, The Murphinator, The Full Irish Breakfast & Fish & chips.  The Fish & chips were pretty good.  The Irish Breakfast was on par with what I've had before, everything else, just not good.  
I'm tempted to go back for a real sit down dinner as most positive reviews I've heard are based on this, but at somewhat high prices, I'm not sure I'm willing to make the investment for another possible disappointment.Wow. Just wow. This place is awesome! Such a unique and fun atmosphere. This upscale pub-type restaurant is cozy and friendly, warmly lit and welcoming. We went on a Monday evening, and I'm so glad we did because there was a group of live musicians playing Irish music in the back - violinists, flautists, a harpist, the whole deal. It was an informal jam-type session and I felt like I was in a real, living Irish community pub. What a great experience - and apparently they do this jam session every Monday! 
The food - what can I say. This is going to be a rave review all the way around. I had the Lamb Fricassee and I cannot tell you how delicious it was. This is how lamb should be cooked. The lamb had a richness and depth of flavor that made the dish really stand out. It was moist and perfectly seasoned. This dish was warm and comforting, fitting perfectly with the atmosphere of the place. Really a stunning dish.
For desert we had the Sticky Toffee Pudding. This desert was so good...I think we melted at the first bite! We ordered seconds. Seriously. One of the best deserts I have ever had in my life. 
All in all, this place just wowed me at every turn. Great atmosphere, great people, great music, and just stunningly delicious food. I will absolutely be going back and I definitely see myself becoming a Monday night regular.This review is for the bar only. We didn't have any food. But I enjoyed my experience, so I would be willing to give the food a try next time I'm in town.
I loved loved looooved the atmosphere. I am from the south side of Chicago, where you can't throw a stick without hitting an Irish pub/bar. Irish House is spot-on when it comes to pub atmosphere. I immediately felt like home. They had a live band playing tunes from the Old Country. OK, I don't know that they were traditional Irish songs, I just wanted to write "Old Country" in this review.
Every staff member we encountered was very friendly. And they had a nice cocktail menu, which I appreciated.
If you're looking for a break from the touristy bars in the French Quarter, take a ride on the St. Charles streetcar, stroll around the Garden District gawking at the stunning homes, and top it off with a pint or two.Great location with a private parking lot.  I stopped in between meetings for lunch. Their wifi was not working, so I had to use my hotspot. The place was empty! the service was great, attentive and helpful. The menu however is lacking. Perhaps if I was looking for "stick to my ribs" food it would have been better, but for the lighter/healthier options, this is not a good pick. I settled on the beet and arugula salad with goat cheese. I opted to add grilled shrimp. The salad was basic (by nature), the dressing was ok, but the shrimp was like bitting into a salt slab.Awesome place. I had the salmon and colcannon when I went with family the other week. It was delicious. I also liked the complimentary soda bread. The service was great and there was Irish music playing.The atmosphere was wonderful and they have done a great job with the space.  
I need to go again soon when I have time to catch some of the live music and when I'm not on antibiotics and can drink.It is very, very good fun playing Trivia here - it is one of my favorite things to do in New Orleans! The people are very friendly and the competition is hilarious. You don't have to be good at trivia to have a good time.Had the Shepard's Pie. I was pleasantly surprised and really liked it. Also tried a locally brewed beer and was surprised as well. All around, service, food, and drink, was excellent.Specials for sporting events are great here!  Lots of good beer on tap.  Delicious shrimp salad.Went twice in two days. Fine Irish breakfast.A charming restaurant with a great menu!  Remember to ask for the "bar menu".  The cheese plate is a great starter while you have a drink and peruse the menus.
Friendly staff who are obviously very proud of their restaurant!  Great location on St. Charles.  Not "New Orleans cuisine", so it's a nice change of pace away from the chaos!  Love this place!!!!!My husband and I came by here to kill some time before our flight, so we sat at the bar. They offer THE largest selection of Irish Whiskey in the country, and chef is a Chopped Champion. Betty the bartender was so hospitable and provided the best service. My husband was in heaven with the range of Irish Whiskey to choose from, while I enjoyed the refreshing Moscow Mule in a copper mug. Be sure to stop by the large brick near the restrooms, as it shares an amusing story about the history of The Irish House.We came with a group of ten on Friday night. The place was busy so it took a while to get our food, but it in now way unreasonable for such a large group. I've seen worse. I had the  bangers and mash, which was excellent. Most of the group had fish and chips which I sampled and tasted great. W had a great time and would return.not what you should expect from a fellow Irishman and famous chef.... Not the place for breakfast. We stopped in for breakfast and regretted it fairly fast. I send my plate back twice.
I'm sure the beer is good but I would not waste my money there on food. Even the spot of tea was crapFood is very good. Always freshly made soups, salads, entrees. Friendly staff. Servers are great, but food is very slow coming out of the kitchen. Dining room noise is extremely loud.I've eaten there three times now, all at the behest of others, and, frankly, I don't get the appeal:
- soggy, flavorless fish and chips
- insipid, congealed broccoli cheddar "soup" that was on par with thick baby food (no seasoning, no flavor, awful texture)
- overcooked, overpriced filet medallions -- decent gratin, decent sauce, but the steak was burnt, so why bother
- super-sweet honey-lathered meatloaf 
- difficult-to-eat, dry-chicken-filled puff pastry
irish food isn't difficult to produce:  hearty, simple, and made with fresh ingredients... granted, the market for pub grub in NOLA is lacking, but how this place brings in customers is beyond me.The service was quick and great but the actual food was a total disappointment. I ordered the Rise and Shine but my hash browns were cold and the toast was abnormally small. I would have rather waited a little longer to have better food.I went to the Irish House for a friends birthday today. There was a rugby game on while we were there, so it was a tad bit loud. It was hard to hear my friends and the waiter had a difficult time hearing us. Other than that, the food was pretty good. I had the corned beef sandwich. It was honestly pretty average, but the Shepard's Pie my friend had was delicious. The fish and chips also looked pretty good! I'd recommend trying this restaurant out.So I've had two good meals here in four visits. The other two were mediocre but not terrible. However twice I've sat at the bar only to find a swarm of fruit flies. Once I was served whiskey with them floating in it and the bartender gave me an attitude when I complained and claimed they were coming in the door when customers came in. Tonight was the last time I'll go back. It's one thing to have a big problem and a whole other to have it year on year.The service was horrible when the restaurant was only 30% full. The food took about an hour to come out and was only mediocre at best.  You would of thought they imported it from Ireland. Our entire table ordered poached eggs and they were cooked all the way through. The only highlight was the Bloody Mary and the Irish Coffee's. I'll be back for drinks... Food never again.We've been twice and on one hand, I think it's great. I got a great omelet that was huge and very well executed on the first visit. The second visit was underwhelming - one in the party had a roast beef po boy which looked basically like deli roast beef. I had the chicken pot pie, which was better. I had the sticky toffee pudding for desert, which everyone agreed was the big prize of the day.
We'll go back, I"m sure - there's still more to try and one meh experience food-wise isn't enough to ruin the first experience. Plus the waitstaff was very good. Not every item on a menu can be a hit.First visit to The Irish House...
I order the Lamb Shanks, but with Mashed Potatoes instead of the grits. Oh my God....I literally lit up with every bite, and every bite got some version of "Wow...Oh my!!" The meat was literally just falling off the bone, without even touching it with just a fork...no knife needed! The meat was so tender, and the whole meal was absolutely awesome. I literally called my father, back in New York, mid-meal because I had the uncontrollable urge to share my enjoyment and immense satisfaction with the meal with someone!
My boyfriend ordered the Irish Bangers and Mash. ALSO amazing! The sausage were HUGE! And perfectly crisp on the outside, while mouthwatering and juicy on the inside...and I am usually not much of a sausage eater, but he is somewhat of a a sausage connoisseur. He loved it, I loved it....everything was great. 
Our server was Chris, (I think). And he was always checking in with us, and making sure we were enjoying our meals, and ensuring our wine glasses were never empty for long. Seriously, great meal, great server! This was a perfect night, and Thanks to The Irish House!
Second visit,
My boyfriend had to order the Lamb Shanks for himself this time around. And, it again exceeded expectations.
I ordered the Chicken Breast stuffed with Spinach and Garlic butter. Every bite was mouth watering, and prompted me to have to have another bite until my plate was empty! I never finish meals, so between the Lamb Shanks and Chicken...you should know they were really that great!
Downfalls from our second visit...
The Mussel, Tomato Basil soup was more like really chunky bitter tomato sauce with just 3 mussels in this huge bowl. I was only tempted to finish it, in spite of trying to save my appetite for the chicken, to search for more mussels. But this still can't possibly trump how amazing our entrees were. I'd just skip it next time.
The soup also came out almost instantly (like 5 mins. after we ordered it). Before we could even finish our first glasses of wine or the soup, our entrees were on the table (also maybe like 5 mins. after we'd started the soup). Our whole meal from walking in the door to walking out the door was 45 minutes...waaaaaay too much of a rush, and the place wasn't overly crowded with a line out the door either for this to have happened. Honestly, I just think it was bad service on behalf of our waitress this evening. There was live music that night, and we'd ordered a bottle of wine, so you'd think that they'd try to slow things down so you could enjoy yourself and relax, but unfortunately not.
The third pitfall, was our server, Erin. I would have requested our same server from our previous visit, but we didn't see him until we were mid-meal. When she approached us about drinks, I told her that I was looking through the wines, so we needed a few minutes. When she returned, my boyfriend ordered us a bottle of Pinot Grigio. Instead of just filling our glasses on the spot, she poured a taste glass...for my boyfriend only. Um...Huh??? Anywhere else we'd been, New Orleans or New York, they always poured BOTH of us a small glass to taste. I took this as a huge slight, honestly, and this did put a damper on our night and our perspective of The Irish House. Sorry, Irish House,...but this isn't the early 1900's or 1800's, and my boyfriend has never even had a glass of wine, let alone ordered one, aside from just ordering what I've tried.
But aside from these small three things...stick with Chris (I hope that's his name!) and at least definitely the Lamb Shanks, and you'll be sure to have a great time at The Irish Hous!The food here is actually pretty great. It's pretty traditional Irish food - not too many crazy flavor explosions there. 
The fish chips were great. The tartar sauce is homemade and fantastic. The crystal onion rings are amazing, and can be ordered as an app. The cheese-mushroom-chicken tart is great as well. 
But it's like a party in here. super crowded, super loud, tons of drunk people hanging around screaming. The atmosphere is just too overwhelming for me. Might be better at lunch.I've been here three times and the first two times I would say that service was not good. I've heard from others the same complaint as well. 
Trip #1 was with my Dad and I had to leave the table several times to find a server to either ask to place an order for food or drink or ask the server for something we needed to accompany said food or drink.
Trip #2 was just for late night drinks and when I asked the bartender an Irish Pub specific question ie "Do you carry this kind of whiskey or ale" his answer was "I don't work here that often so I don't know." Wrong answer, buddy.
Trip #3 was to attend their public ceili session that they host once a month. A friend of mine was playing the fiddle that night and I definitely had always wanted to participate in the dancing. It felt slightly inclusive as we sat around for almost an hour before the first group dance occurred. The point of this whole review, if you go upstairs and have the pleasure of bartender Wren waiting on you, it will make your night. She was goofy, quirky, pleasant, fun and prompt. She gets 5 stars just for her! :)My boyfriend and I are frequent guests at Irish House and are absolutely obsessed with the potato and leek soup. I always try to order something different when I go, just to change things up, but I am never quite able to pass up this incredible starter. My boyfriend likes the bangers and mash and pretty much any of the pork dishes. I am in love with the rosemary chicken with mashed potatoes. To die for. If you're looking for delicious and authentic Irish eats, look no further than Irish House NOLA.I first came here for a Bloomsday reading back in June and I wasn't hungry, but I watched people around me order dishes and the food looked great. I found myself in the area last week and, remembering those dishes, decided to try it out for dinner. Either my memory failed me or things have seriously declined in the last few months, because the food I was served barely resembled what I had come in expecting.  I was feeling frisky so I ordered a Guinness float for an appetizer, but they were out of ice cream. Just as well, that was probably a weird thing to do on my part. I ordered potato leek soup instead, and shepherd's pie. The soup was decent - a little salty but generally unremarkable. The pie was atrocious. The mashed potatoes tasted like they were from a mix. Honestly? It did not taste like potatoes. It did not have the consistency of potatoes. Gross. The meat was eh and the veggies were from a can. I offered my companion a taste (with a warning) and he replied, and I quote, "There is nothing to like about that." He ordered fish and chips, and while the fries were the generic frozen kind you can buy bagged, the fish was actually quite tender and tasty. Looking back, I'd probably have been better off sending my dish back and ordering the fish rather than suffering through nightmare potatoes and complaining about it a week later. Live and learn.Super disappointed on St. Patty's day. Thought y'all would have a great band playing Irish music. Instead 2 guitar players w a flute and they took a break every 4 songs to stand at the bar outside and drink. We finally left after there 2nd or 3rd beer break. Felt like things were just thrown together last second instead of being planned all year for the biggest Irish celebration we have here.I really hate to write this... as in past visits we have enjoyed this restaurant.  But the owner must not have been around on Chritmas Eve!  He should have not opened at all because our dinner was horrible!  Let me start with the worst mistake they made!  Who serves a child (or anyone for that matter) a steaming hot chocolate with a big fat straw?  Yep - you guessed it!  BURNED TONGUE AND THROAT!  But that wasn't their only mistake.  Our fish was FULL of scales and no apology was made by the waitress nor a manager.  The mashed potatoes were very cold and the soup was just not good.  The menu was very limited and there were no specials.  All in all our service was less than average and we repeatedly had to wait for water refills.  When they first opened it was nice and had lots of room; even a cozy area by the fire with irish book cubby, etc.  But now, that is gone and crowded tables have taken over.  Sad.Disclaimer: This is based mostly on the Fish n' Chips.
It's hard to find 'fish n chips' in New Orleans mainly because of the abundance of New Orleans style fried seafood, so I was happy to see I could grab some Fish n' Chips here.
Who doesn't love beer battered cod and fresh cut fries with malt vinegar?!
To make a long story short...the fish was awful. Normally the fish in fish n chips is unbelievably crispy and wonderfully flaky on the inside.
The fish on the inside was ok, but the batter was just plain awful. The only way I could describe it would be rubbery. There was no crunch or crisp whatsoever, and it was just downright terrible.
Had a bite of my friends risotto and that was good, but I really can't get over how un fish n chips like the fish was. Needless to say I was extremely disappointed, and I highly doubt I would ever return.
You'd think an irish restaurant would at least be able to properly beer batter and fry some fish.Service is a bit slow.  Our waitress Anna was nice, had here on two mornings.  Food was good but I've discovered I don't really like Irish food.  Nice place - and they know how to make a Black and Tan!After weeks of trying to resolve our bad experience, today I found Chef Murphy's email address and contacted him directly.
He responded within minutes, with profound apologies. He just hand delivered gift cards to his restaurant, and an invitation to dine at the chef's table.
We are looking forward to giving the Irish House another try. 
I will attest that Chef Murphy is second to none when it comes to customer service.Our food was delicious and the service was friendly. I definitely would recommend splurging on the sticky toffee pudding for dessert. It's worth the extra calories!The two stars are for the atmosphere and the nice bartender. This is one of the worst service I've ever had at a restaurant between the hostess and the wait staff. After waiting almost 10 minutes to get the hostess's attention and another 5 minutes for her to fix the seating board while we stood there, it took over 20 minutes to speak to a rather rude waiter. At this point, we decided to just order a drink and leave. We asked for our check when we received our drinks, and it took over 20 minutes to get the check. This is something I would absolutely understand if it was busy, but we were 1 of 2 seated tables in our section. The manager did comp our drinks, but I wouldn't recommend this place unless you only plan to sit at the bar.Well I think 3.5 stars would be more apropos but maybe 4 is right on the money.
We went here randomly our 2nd night visiting NoLa, and I honestly expected it to be more... Irish?  Luckily we had an amazing waitress who was very attentive, and were seated next to a group of 5 locals (all awesomely boisterous women) who told us what to order.
- My Malbec was decent.  Not the best ever, but enjoyable
- Leek and Potato soup - at first I was disappointed with this, as it was entirely liquid with no creaminess or chunks.  It had good flavor, thought  tasted mostly of leeks and was rather salty. 
- Chicken and Gouda tart - OMG this tart is *heeeeaaaavvy!* - The first bite I got was predominately of truffle oil leading into gouda. The next few bites, the gouda overpowered all else, including mushrooms, cilantro, truffle, and chicken! It comes in a nice puff pastry, but the Gouda really is the stand out here - gouda lovers!! Rejoice!!  This is for you!! (And for my husband;)  (this is served with a pleasant side salad with a simple dressing.)
- back to the soup - after the hearty bites of gouda tart, this soup was truly refreshing; a nice 180 to what we were also eating.  The pure liquidness has become a relief.
- Short ribs with andouille gravy, crispy potatoes, and a fried (looked poached) egg - I thought at first the addition of the egg was rather odd, but in the end it was somehow decadent and delicious. The ribs were very good as well, but for me - I was delighted by the crispy, salty, hashbrown-esque potatoes and the addition of andouille - YUM!!
- My husband is a sugar tooth so we ended the night with a weight murdering invention described something like: a Guinness chocolate trifle... It had whipped cream and a blended brownie, and somehow while being sooo bad for you, it was darn good.
I guess my major disappointment with this place was its lack of... Irishness.
Still, a solid dining choice.Authentic is the best I can say about The Irish House. I tried the lamb shank and although I felt like Fred Flintstone eating a dinosaur leg (lol) it was cooked to perfection. I'm definitely going back for more. Especially when rugby season starts up for the local league. I hear they show the games on certain days both professional and local leagues.Weird.  When driving in to Uptown NOLA I passed this place up on my way to GDP.  The next day my friend and his wife invited me to lunch here.  I didn't know much about it but was stoked after seeing their breakfast menu.  When I arrived, breakfast was no longer and they were serving the lunch menu.  Their menu for the most part, 1/3 at least, is traditional pub fair.  That said, I really didn't want to eat traditional pub fair before a 9 hour drive.  My friends got the house made chips with sweet onion gravy (delicious), potato leek soup (also delicious), Shepard's Pie (HUGE portion) and their Cobb salad (also HUGE).  They were very excited about their meals/food.  I opted for their roast beef "poboy".  If you're wondering why that's in quotations, I'll explain. Their sandwich was far from traditional with a boursin aioli (OH HELL YES), french fries, onion straws, roast beef and a side of gravy. This sounded like sex on french bread ala, it wasn't even ON french bread.  Oh the horror!  It was more like a hoagie roll, there were literally 4 french fries on it, 6 or so onion straws, MAYBE 2-3oz of roast beef, a smear of 'aioli' and a small portion of gravy.  All of the low low price of near $11.  I swear to god, I thought I was eating hotel food.  Hotel food that tasted AMAZING.  BUT, BUT if you're in Baton Rouge and east and you sell something called a 'poboy', it better be on french bread, it better be FLOWING with fillings and for that price it better be as good if not more amazing than a REAL poboy from the nearest corner store.  Am I hating on The Irish House? Not really but for the love of all things holy, you're in NEW ORLEANS and that pitiful dainty SANDWICH is called a Poboy?  I was a little hurt, a little insulted and left still hungry.  If you come here, you may be better off sticking to the traditional pub fair because I was sorely disappointed.  The only suggestion?  Put more on that dainty little sandwich you call a poboy breh!Great spot on St. Charles to make your home base during Mardi Gras. I particularly liked coming here on Thursday night for the parades because you got a free drink with the cover charge. Cover charge gave you a wrist band to come and go from the street and they had toilets inside a porta-potties outside for you to use. Unfortunately they did not extend the free drink offer through the weekend and the rest of Mardi Gras.
The restaurant is big and inviting. The bartenders were relatively nice considering the drunks and the volume of business they were doing.
The fish and chips were very yummy. Great spot for a group of people to meet up.Good Irish food and usually live music. Depends on the night whether it's acoustic Celtic or a band. Pleasant place to dine.Been here twice once for daydrinking and once for dinner. the bartender made me some nice alcoholic version of Raspberry Lemonade.They make a fairly strong Irish Coffee. I Love the design of this place I could probably stare at all the stuff on the walls all night! Love the giftshop they carry alot of Guinness Items like sandals to hats.
 The fish and chips werent great either. i for one dont like my fried fish to taste like Beignets?The barbecued cornmeal oysters are a better option. the homemade chicken soup with potatoes and mushrooms is so rustic and good.
The Irish Music jam session is hands down the best free entertainment in the city on Mondays. omg there is this one singer his voice is so warm and soothing like Bing Crosby I could listen to him sing forever.
Thumbs Up Chef Matt Murphy.   I Know where ill be spending next St. Paddys Day.Great place to stop for lunch. Fish and chips is all I have to say. So simple, yet so goodBoo. I would love to comment on the food but I wouldn't know. I was here on business, so I didnt have much time. I stopped in, and the bartender got me a drink, and I asked him about the lunch specials. He gave me a menu, and while I was looking, they started a shift change. I have worked in restaurants, I know how it is, no big deal. They switched bar tenders and the old one didnt bother telling the new one about me. They ignored me and I got up and left.The service was good.  Server even split are portions.  The Shepard pie and gumbo was really rich in flavor.  Amazing!!This was my boyfriend and I's second trip to The Irish House, and we only went again because we were given a gift card. The waitresses are very sweet and the ambiance is exactly what you'd expect from an Irish themed pub, but both times the food has been only subpar. I got the Eggs Sardou as it is one of the only vegetarian brunch options. The eggs were massively overcooked, they yolks were hard. The artichoke tasted like it came out of a can. Worst of all were the burn tiny breakfast potatoes which were just awful. My boyfriend got the gravy boat which he generally enjoyed except his eggs were way overcooked too. The first time we were here he got the Irish omelet which was very dry. The drinks were okay - he liked his Irish coffee. I know the chef won chopped which is a show we love but we were underwhelmed with our visits.A bit of a mixed review. The portions were a bit small on the pork cheeks, and they weren't especially flavorful. part of the problem may be that I'm used to jowl bacon & was expecting something along those lines instead of the very, very lean medallions on my plate. My girlfriend got the shrimp risotto & was very happy with both the portions & the flavor.Probably the best meal I have had in New Orleans. The food was perfect. The atmosphere nice and the staff friendly. Largest collection of Irish Whiskey in the country, I am looking forward to working my way through the list. Three down only like 70 more to go12 hours later, I still think I might burst. We decided to order & share a bunch of different menu options and wow, were they good. The fish and chips are the best I recall ever having, the scallop on grits was lick-the-plate good. We ordered 2 different wines I had never heard of and both were delicious. Our server was professional, polite & pleasant. The decor feels like a pub without feeling unwashed like most of our pub options around town. Crowd & ambience were nice, never too noisy but not a whisper quiet place either.
Catching some rugby on the giant leather sofa, sipping on Irish whiskey after dinner was a nice stop gap between a big meal and heading home.
The chef was kind enough to make his presence known and about our experience and the staff from the host to the floor manager seemed in tune with checking in with every visitor, working the crowd. It was nicely done top to bottom.
With so many options in places to eat here, I rarely walk out of a fine dining but casual restaurant without thinking, 'meh, that was ok but so-n-so's is better'. That was not the cast last night. I WILL be back.There are two menus one for the bar and one for the dining area.  They have made some nice updates to the interior with the Irish theme but not really an Irish comfy pub feel as it seems much more like a fine dining establishment (they are making lots of updates and additions that are making it more comfortable).  I ate from the "nice" menu but wished I would have gone for the bar menu.  They start with bringing out some tasty Irish soda bread and butter.  I had the meatloaf appetizer which I would probably never get again as it just wasn't my cup of tea as it had a very sweet honey like sauce with it along with a very crisp/burned crust that I didn't find to my taste.  I then had the salmon with colcannon, cherry tomato-pepper ragout and beurre blanc which was good but not anything special.  For dessert I had the apple crumble which was decent but unfortunately not nearly as good as the nearby Houston's version.  
I will go back to sample the bar menu but I certainly won't be drinking in this establishment as the cheapest draft beer is Abita Amber for $5.50 (which is one of the highest prices in the entire city for Abita Amber) and then the other beer prices go up from there.  They certainly won't be taking any business away from Finn McCools or drawing me away from Commander's Palace and Galatoire's lunches with those drink prices.  I think the space is nice and it could be a great bar to hang out in but at the current beer prices I don't see a crowd of folks hanging around very long in there.  
It was also extremely slow and it took way over an hour to get my food.  There were not many other people even in the establishment as I arrived right at 5pm but didn't get out until 7:30 (but the Chef did take the time to come to my table and apologize so kudos for that).  Granted I also did go on the very first day they were open so they get some leeway for that as I usually never go on an opening day (but I thought an experienced chef would have whipped his troops into shape) and I do like Irish bars.  I don't mind waiting for great food but I didn't find the food to be up to that standard yet.  Perhaps they will make some adjustments and find their niche.  I hope they go for more of an Irish pub environment and bring the beer prices down to a more reasonable level in line with the rest of the area so I can enjoy the place more; as it is far closer to my house than Finn's but further away than Commander's so that is some stiff competition for my fine dining patronage but much easier for my very consistent bar presence.  I'm thinking the fish & chips will be my next attempt (I had the fish & chips at lunch recently and they were quite tasty!)
Ok so another visit and I had the roast beef po boy and sadly I have to report that it was the most disappointing roast beef po boy I've EVER had (1 Star or less).  There was very little roast beef even on the sandwich and the gravy just didn't seem to have very much flavor.  I still want to sample the burger and the shepherds pie but this was a very disappointing experience.  The ambiance was quite nice on a Saturday night and it seemed to be a pleasant crowd but a bit loud from so many voices.
Went again on Friday for lunch and it was pretty crowded and I had the shepherds pie and it was ok but a bit on the small portion size.  I then returned on Saturday for lunch and had the burger which was a very NICE burger BUT it didn't come with fries???  I've never been to any Irish place that didn't include fries with their burger so I'm very confused about that (the menu seems to have changed and now it does)!!!  They have been showing the rugby world cup and I would love to watch it here if the beer wasn't prohibitively expensive.  (They hosted several late night events during the Rugby World Cup and had some $4 specials on some beers which was much more reasonable).Un bar irlandais tout ce qu'il y a de plus classique dans le garden district de la Nouvelle Orléans, de nombreuses animations sont proposées tout au long de la semaine (le programme des deux semaines à venir est sur la table)
La carte est réduite, ce qui est plutôt bien.
Ils ont un grand nombre de bière à la pression et de whisky.Service was awful. Took them 10 minutes to seat us. Another 10 minutes for someone to take our order (after we begged another waitress to wait on us). Asked the waitress to bring a meal as soon as it was ready because of a tee time. Was told that there was alot of tickets in ahead of us and it WASN'T BUSY AT ALL!!
DISAPPOINTED!!I was back in New Orleans again and was looking for a new adventure in food.  Found a place where the chef won Chopped (foodnetwork show).
Definitely looked like an irish pub, and was a little on the dark side. 
Sat at the bar, and was greeted right away by the bar tender.  
I started with the friend mushrooms, which were hot and fried very well and not greasy. And it was a pretty large portion.
Then I had Covey Rise Farm Garden Salad mixed greens, shaved local vegetables and avocado tossed in a grilled corn and artichoke vinaigrette.  Tasty salad...but it's a salad.
For my main course I had the Slow Cooked Short Ribs served with crispy potato boxty cakes, andouille gravy, a fried egg and beurre blanc.  This was a hearty and very flavorful dish.  Short rib was tender and the egg actually worked really well with the whole dish.
I took 1 star away because I asked the bar tender what kind of mushrooms were in the fried mushrooms and he said shitake, and they were actually white button mushrooms.
But come check this place out.Review posted after 2nd visit. 1st Visit was a bit underwhelming. I ordered Fish & Chips to the tune of $16.95. The Chips were hand cut ,cooked well and generously laid on the plate. The fish, albeit  sumptuously battered and fried, could've been mackerel for Pete's sake. Either I was served the Lunch Portion, or I was under served the Dinner Portion. Either way.... Underwhelmed.
I thought about it when I got home. I called them and spoke to the Mgr. I was as upfront as one would/could be.  Rick (mgr) told me he'd speak with the chef; and call me back. Right there.... Awesome Move. What if something 'really' wasn't right? Wouldn't the  chef wanna know? Over sight? Under weight? Mis-portioned? 
He called back shortly after and said " We wanna make it right. Please come back and we will take care of it. The Chef wants to make it right. When you come in, tell us, we'll take care of it."
OK....We returned and were glad we did. They were participating in the 'Eat Local Challenge'. My wife took the challenge. A Duck Confit Salad atop local greens and squashes well dressed with enough tart to pucker up the yummy, amply seasoned and crisped confit lardons. That salad and a Nola blonde ale for $10! Delivers!!!
I ordered  the fish and chips redux. 
Same Delicious Chips and Chip Scrumps! 
And The Fish did Deliver! 4 Plump Generous silvers of Cod!
The Mgr. Did what they said they would, and then some!!!
I highly recommend The Irish House! Great Beer Selection too!
I've heard Brunch is the Bomb, a carBomb that is!!!Fish and Chips were good, but they only give you 3 pieces about 3 inches long for $16. The rest is fries. They bartender today pours a good Guinness, though.If you like Tom Collins you have to get one here.  Jeb the bartender didn't whip out the "fake Collins " mix. He mad his own with fresh squeezed lemons !! This is the best Tom. I've ever had !! And I've had a lot !!! Yay Jeb !!! Good job brother !!! QGood value for food, service and atmosphere.  The food is characteristically stout fare that will prop up your timbers for the upcoming gale.  Excellent selection of beers and Irish whiskeys.  Service is helpful, engaging, and attentive.  This is a civilized Irish pub, without the chips, dents and scrapes you find in other places that bear the marks of intra-Irish cultural communication.  The bartender seemed surprised I wasn't a tourist.  Monday night live music and the occasional live music concert upstairs with "Irish Rebel" music.    Background music is piped-in traditional music piped-in Irish.  This is a pleasant and entertaining place for lunch.  I drop by whenever I'm close.  Along the streetcar line a short distance from downtown.Usually not too busy. Food is alright but mostly pretty bland. The atmosphere is pretty stale, unfortunately. Happy hour deals are probably the saving grace.Beer on tap includes Guinness, Murphy's, Harp, Smithwick's, Tin Roof Parade Grounds, Parish Cane Brake, Magic Hat #9, & more. They also have quite the selection of Irish whiskey and offer whisky tasting trays.  You have to get an Irish coffee.
House chips are a tad too salty.
Beautiful restaurant.  Very friendly staff.
Experienced servers...they're working it for those tips.Enjoyed Sunday brunch here.  Brunch menu had about fifteen offerings, most of which I found appealing.  Ordered the gravy boat which consisted of roast beef hash, poached eggs, potatoes, spinach and hollandaise sauce.  Probably not Irish, but really tasty.
Price for two was $33 including tip.  Excellent service (thanks, Brett).  Noise level was high, probably due to open floor plan and many framed items covering the walls.  Their parking lot had one space left when the restaurant was less than half full.
We'll return to try more of the menu and sample the live Irish music.We arrive at about 8:45 on a Monday night, and we were the last diners to arrive (no one came in after us). We were thrilled to see a group of Irish musicians sitting in the back on couches playing traditional Irish songs.  There was a couple from Dublin who were dining there.  The woman joined the group, playing the flute and singing along.  It was charming.
The services was a bit slow, but since we were there for the atmosphere we did not mind.  My husband was happy that his beer was very cold.  He ordered the Shepard's pie and it came out piping hot and was tasty (lamb and beef combined).  I ordered the double burger and told her to hold the sunny side up egg; it came with the egg anyway. The server never noticed.  It was good. The server came and asked my husband if he wanted another drink, but did not ask me.  When she brought his and I asked "can I have another one too?" she was very apologetic.
I can see that the slow pace bother people who are looking to eat and go, but we enjoyed the atmosphere and the experience.The hosts were very accommodating to our large party. In fact, the restaurant seems to encourage large groups: many of their tables seat six or more. While I was waiting, the chef came over to say hello, which made me feel welcome.
Our party was seated as the restaurant started to get very busy. There was a long wait for our food. Next time, we will be sure to arrive about 30 minutes earlier.
The food was all over the map. My friend's mashed potatoes that came with his omelet were very bland, almost like baby food. I had the fish and chips. While the beer-battered fish were flavorful, the chips were not, and were also undercooked. The house made tartar sauce that they bragged about was plain mayonnaise with not an onion or pickle speck to be found. Another friend had the full Irish breakfast, which I will be sure to get next time. The sausage was fantastic - rich and moist. His chicken tarragon soup was tasty but served barely warm. Did not come with bread, as I have read about in other reviews. Two other friends got the Murphinator sandwich and although it was edible they were far from wowed.
I would like to go back for the full Irish breakfast, but will be sure to go early!I was in Uptown NOLA on business, drove past this place and figured I'd give it a try. I'm glad I did. The decor is what you think of as typical pub decor, dark wood, long bar, etc. etc. As it turns out, the head chef had just won that show "Chopped" on the Food Network, and I found out why. The menu is a mix of Irish pub fare and upscale southern. I had the Guinness stew to start and followed it with chicken and waffles. Both were spot on. I mean just delish, yummy, or whatever other adjective you like best. The price was good for the quality of food, and the bartender was cool and answered my questions about the place (I hadn't been to N.O. for a few years and this place is relatively new). Next time I'm in New Orleans, I'll be eating here again. 
P.S. I bet it's a great place to party for the St. Patty's parades on St. Charles.Disclaimer: This review is reflective only of the Tuesday night specials.  
We came to the Irish House on a Tuesday for Pint Night and were not disappointed. Surprisingly, the place was relatively empty and we were immediately seated. It was buy one get one fish and chips so our entire table ordered that dish with a pint of their recommended beer. Twenty minutes later we each had a piling plate of delicious fish and chips with a great beer. 
For a solid meal and drink, the Irish House delivered an inexpensive option in a bustling New Orleans neighborhood. 
Great food, great beer, great price.We were excited to go but.......
Décor was excellent, service was great. Menu with way more choices than standard pub fare. Both my date and I ordered Fish and Chips cuz after all that's what you get at an Irish restaurant if not bangers and mash.
The fries were amazing but surprisingly the batter on the fish was still wet and spongy and a bit runny on the inside like it hadn't been cooked long enough. Outside was crisp and the fish was cooked but the fish just needed a few more minutes or a batter that wasn't so "wet". It was kind of like eating  "wet pancake batter".
We probably should have said something but they were trying so hard. I actually squeezed the fish out of each soggy fried pocket and ate it without the batter. Tarter sauce was quite good.
For $16 bucks a plate I don't know if we will be back to eat but  to drink and hang out for sure.I had initial concerns coming to this place but I must say they family really enjoyed it. The food was good and the atmosphere is great for enjoying breakfast and lunch with the family. There was an area for kids next to a sofa.  Had the weather been a little warmer we would have opted for the outside seating next to the dart board and water fountain. The food was good  What stood out was the Orange Cinnamon Jaffa Pancakes. Delicious!  I chose the shepherds pie instead of the full Irish breakfast. It was dry but tasty. Next time I'll go with the full Irish breakfast. My wife had the chicken mushroom pie which was also good. We were too full for desserts but they all sound really good. We will definitely be back. #nola #noladiningIrish House was recently rated the best Irish pub in America (http://www.foxnews.com/leisure/2015/03/17/top-5-irish-pubs-in-us/?intcmp=features) and Chef Matt Murphy is a 2012 Chopped Champion, so you know it's good.
However, my review here isn't based on lunch food, dinner food, or bar food, all of which I've had here before and all of which was delicious, but instead on drinks, dessert, and service.
We came in at 9:30 PM on a Monday, so the place was pretty quiet (weekends here are decidedly more raucous). My brother ordered an Abita Amber, so that doesn't need to be addressed. However, my husband really likes whiskey and Irish House has what is billed as the largest selection in the country. Our waiter/bartender, Andrew, was able to ask my husband what kind of flavor profile he liked and what price range he was looking for and make a recommendation that my husband was very happy with.
My sister-in-law had a pear cider that was refreshing and very good. She also ordered the Baileys creme brûlée, which was really tasty. It tasted like Baileys, but wasn't overly "Irish-creamy;" not overpowering.
I ordered the sticky toffee pudding, which I have had here before and I knew was very good. My usual go-to drink here is Guinness, but I knew from past experience that I didn't like it paired with dessert. I asked Andrew for a recommendation and he didn't disappoint. He suggested that I try a whiskey called Paddy's Bee Sting. Now, I don't really like whiskey. It's too strong, it burns, and I generally find it nasty. However, Andrew told me to trust him, and since we were old friends of all of about 10 minutes, I decided I would. After all, he's "the whiskey guy."
Andrew was spot on. The whiskey has a honey floral taste with no burn whatsoever. It was delicious (I know, I couldn't believe it, either) and paired perfectly with the sticky toffee pudding. I have been converted. 
Another win for the Irish House with whiskey, dessert, and Andrew.Oh my! Great atmosphere and service. They went out of their way to put together a special my husband wanted and he is beside himself with joy! Food is fabulous!Looking for authentic Irish food in New Orleans?  This is the spot. A gastropub with ample seating, large screen TVs for games, and a good crowd, it gets pretty busy here during brunch on the weekends.
Their daily special Sweet Potato soup that we had one day was to die for, I savoured every spoon that hit my mouth. Delicious buttery cream goodness. I was tempted to order another bowl!
The same buttery and cream goodness can be found throughout their menu.  Don't pass up on the Bubble and Squeak breakfast omelette which includes an Irish pork sausage and spinach, along with BUTTERY sauteed crushed potatoes and shaved cabbage and chives. NOM NOM NOM. 
Oh, and did I mention there's also Orange Cinnamon Jaffa Pancakes, AND Banana and Pecan Oatmeal pancakes drizzled with Irish whiskey caramel sauce? How about adding some strawberries and vanilla whipped cream to that mix as well?
What can I have for lunch?  How about some Bangers and Mash, and not to mention their Shepherd's Pie!     I have yet to lay my hands on their Beer Battered Fish and Chips, but I guarantee you that when I do, I will destroy them!
Don't be shy ordering from their Bar menu either, although I would stay away from the deep fried breaded mushrooms, they were just meh.
Alright, I've done my drooling, I'm sure I will be back as I have multiple times, but I have to try to make it to dinner and dessert!We always stop here for a pint and some amazing food, it's a must stop when we ride the trolley on St CharlesThis place is fine if you're in the general area of the Garden District. We stopped in to take a break from all our walking. We had a seat at the bar and the cheese tray appetizer and beers. The cheese and beer were good but nothing to rave about. The bar tender was nice but not too talkative or attentive. We stayed about 45 minutes or so. 
Three stars is just right for this place. It's OK but nothing I would recommend or necessarily return to while in town.After enjoying a tour of the nearby National WWII Museum I noticed our closeness to this location and decided to check it out. It had been on my list of places to eat while my wife and I were down in New Orleans this week as it had been recommended by a number of websites and a few friends. When we first arrived a little after 1pm we noticed that the place was mostly empty except for a few tables. It's possible that this was not the norm, but it wasn't off-putting. After dealing with lines and crowded restaraunts the past few days it was a welcome relief to see such a nice place without all the crowds. The waitress who served us was pleasant and entertaining, but also very attentive to our needs. We started off with a delicious appetizer in the form of their crab, spinach and artichoke dip. It was creamy and had that soft smoothness that speaks of properly cooked spinach. For our main dish my wife ordered the "Shepherd's Pie". I put quotations around that as it was made with beef, therefore being a Cottage Pie. The key part of shepherding being the sheep after all. However nonetheless my wife enjoyed her meal. It was served in a bowl and a little runny, but she was impressed by the flavors and enjoyed it thoroughly. For my meal I delved into the Double Decker Bus Burger. It was intended to be served with slaw however I have never really enjoyed coleslaw in my life and had it withheld. The burger was tasty and maintained a good flavor. It was served with fries, as a burger should be. Although to be fair it did have a little too much lettuce thrown onto it for my taste, but with some minor adjustments I put my salad to the side of the plate and very much enjoyed my meal.
Overall, the atmosphere was lovely. The decor was very much classic and leaned heavily on the Irish pub feel that the owner was looking to recreate. I somewhat wish I could have enjoyed it with a more lively crowd, however I never turn my nose to a quiet lunch. 5 Stars well deserved.Do not eat the food!  I have attempted several items on the menu and have been disappointed by pretty much everything. I really love the atmosphere and they have an excellent beer and whiskey list, so I have kept going back, trying different things, hoping I would find something that I like. There is just no quality control-the food is inconsistent, bland and at times indelible. Even the traditional pub-fare like the fish and chips is soggy and low quality. The bangers and mash had the most terrible mashed potatoes that were cold when served! The silent, impersonal waiter had such a snooty attitude that I didn't even bother saying anything. I had the strawberry shortcake dessert after dinner with coffee on my first visit and it was actually very good. I ordered the same thing on my next visit and the biscuit was old and chewy, there were 2 tiny slivers of strawberry on the whole cake (as if the ran out and didn't bother to get anymore), and the coffee was so old and burned that no matter how much cream I put in it it stayed the same color. However, the worst part of this place is when you receive your bill and realize that you just wasted a hundred bucks on the worst meal in New Orleans. They need a new chef and a new menu in here and this place could be really great.Pleasant atmosphere with good drink selection. l've been a couple of times. Both times we had a long wait for our food.  The Roasted Beet salad was mostly plain arugula with five or six barely visible slivers of beets and two crumbs of cheese. The dressing was tasty, but overall the salad was disappointing. Fish and chips were tasty, so I'd stick with the pub food.BLUF:  Great corned beef and cabbage with above average selection of Irish beers.  Awesome atmosphere, both inside and outdoor seating.  If you are craving irish food this is probably your best bet.
Went there the day before St Patty's weekend.  Actualy went there cuz we heard that they are going paleo.  True, but not until after St Patty's.  They are still going to have the crowd favorites that arent paleo but they are expanding their menu and going mainly paleo.  Im excited to try the paleo menu options.
I got the corned beef and cabbage and it was really really good.  It was def a big serving too which is good. Not too salty but salt enough.
My lady got my a salad and asked them to put corned beef on it.  They did and she said it made her salad really good.  
They have a pretty large beer/liquor menu. None of the beers were terribly exciting but still better than most places. They also have more than just the standard Irish beers (Guinness, Harps,Smithwicks) so we tried something we havent had before.  Not bad.  Liquor selection looked big but didnt spend much time looking at it.
The inside def has that old irish feel too it when you walk it.  It was nice but we choose to sit outside.  Lots of outdoor seating which was nice.   
Service was good.  No complaints really about anything.  Very very solid place so if you are craving irish food, it would be hard to suggest anything different when in new orleans.I got the spare ribs and it was ender and delicious. The wife loved her scallops. Every one we went with enjoyed their food and they do have a wide selection of beers and whiskey.
 Ask for a bar menu for better, sharable appetizers. The wings were good and the Bacon and cheese crouquets were the best.I tried this restaurant because the brochure was in my hotel room, so thought it was recommended.  I was very disappointed.  Lovely restaurant and really friendly staff and management.  I ordered the fish and chips.  The chips were wonderful.  Unfortunately the fish was not flakey and instead was a very very thick dough that was rubbery to the point I couldn't even cut it. Very odd and inedible texture.  Staff tried to correct it immediately and graciously-however it came back the same. Poor recipe and poor execution. I was starving so I took the fish out of the breading and found there was very little fish cut into small thin pieces. It was mostly rubbery dough.  If you are looking for authentic flakey fish you will be disappointed.It is neat that we ate at the restaurant of a Chopped champion.   
The waitress was super nice/friendly, but not very knowledgeable about the beer or whiskey selection. She spoke with the bartender and came back with information, and two beer samples for hubby - nice!  Hubby had one of the whiskey samplers and a beer.  
We both had the Shepherd's Pie.  It was delicious (and the potatoes on top were unbelievably silky with almost a crust of cheese),  but small with a small salad of shreds and chopped tomatoes - i am not a fan of lettuce, but whatever light drizzle of dressing made it worth eating.  
The boy child had a grilled cheese with fruit.   The sandwich was grilled to perfection!   The bowl of fruit had cantaloupe,  honeydew,  and blueberries.  The blueberries were a nice touch, and the cantaloupe was fine.  Honeydew,  though? Really?  It is either ripe and delicious or just there.  This 'dew was just there.
We had the bread pudding and sticky toffee pudding for dessert.   The bill was $100 plus tip (April the waitress was great! I told her I was super thirsty when we arrived, and my soda water was never more than half empty before she brought me another!)  
Hubby stopped for a bag of popcorn on the way home, because he was still hungry, and we all had some...Wonderful ambiance, service and did! Lovely brunch. We will definitely come back for lunch and/or dinner!I love full breakfast. When I travel to Atlanta there's a pub I always visit to get full breakfast, even (especially) at dinner time. I'd heard rumors of full breakfast being served at The Irish House but never got a chance to investigate until yesterday. I was spending the early afternoon with a friend who lives just blocks away and we decided on brunch. As soon as we were seated and I ordered my pint of Guinness I knew what I was going to order. The full breakfast was pretty good, but not the best I've had. The rasher and banger were fantastic, as were the baked beans. The downfall for me was the puddings; only one small white and one small black pudding. It was disappointing since black pudding is my favorite part of full breakfast. The plate wasn't served with soda bread either, I had my choice of toasts or a biscuit. Thankfully a small basket of soda bread was brought to our table by request.
So why only three stars of the meal was good? First the service was really slow. I saw tables that were seated after us get their food before us. It took forever for our server to come to take our food order. I can understand being short staffed but this was just unacceptable. The second bad part about brunch was the table next to us. We sat outside since it was such a great day and there was a large table for a family with three small children. The children were allowed to run around the small dining area, screaming and falling over everything, including other diners! Twice they ran right into our table. The parents did nothing to contain their spawn. The only thing I can think of management didn't know this was happening because it was outside but they did nothing to alleviate the situation.
I'll give Irish House another shot for sure, I probably got an off day. I absolutely need to go back to the shop in the back of the restaurant. Not only do they have Irish House and Ireland themed shirts, etc. but they have UK snack food. JAFFA CAKES! Anyone who's had one understands my excitement.This was a tremendous disappointment.  Our server seemed to be quite confused. He was not able to answer questions. He,more than once, left the table without taking everyone's order. Granted, we were a table of 9,but we are seasoned restaurant -goers and are well aware of how difficult that can be. This young man made his own problems. To top it off, we were charged the "auto gratuity." I would not have stiffed him,but he certainly didn't deserve 20%. I would steer clear.I recently ate here with the family and I'm glad I finally made it.  The ambiance of the place is nice it really feels like an old Irish pub and the live folk music was a nice touch.  I ordered the cheese plate and the bangers and mash.  Both were very nice if slightly less flavorful then I was expecting.  I'd probably give it 4 starts except for the fact that it was extremely loud to the point where conversation was difficult even though it was less than half full.  Service was very good an the waiter was very friendly. I'd probably return, and maybe try sitting in a different area.  Also the fish and chips looked great and I'd like to try them.This place is authentic. Traditional irish food and beer. You get the feel of irish being here. Nearly all the staff are Irish and nearly all the customers are as well. If you want traditional irish cuisine, go where the irish go.God awful service. I think the bad service is the only thing consistent about this place. Trip #4, attended another open ceili. Waited for a bartender to show up behind the bar, and once he did he was flighty, hard to understand and slow. I ordered a Guinness and asked for menus. While I waited for the Guinness to settle I noticed him struggling with the pos system. Meanwhile the patrons sitting at the bar gave me their menus because they overheard me and were faster to respond than the bartender was. They should have gotten a tip! About an hour and a half later I decided to call it a night so I went to close out my one drink tab. A gentleman at the bar was complaining that his drinks had been cleared and he wasn't finished with them. The bartender said he'd replace them. Honestly, the bartender really appeared impaired. Either drunk, sleep deprived or medicated in some way. 
When I asked to close out I gave him my name and waited for the bill. "Your card is not working," he said. Confused but more eager to leave than argue I gave him a different card. When I got my tab he had charged me for some one else's ticket! $45! I said "excuse me but this is not my bill, I only had one Guinness."
You had a Guinness and a Chardonnay?
"No, one Guinness."
At this point he says in a fumbled clumsy way, I'll take care of it, I'll take care of it. So I left. I'll be watching my credit statement carefully over the next few days hoping they don't actually close that $45 tab out on my card. Awful.I've been here a few times, but I have yet to eat here.  Some friends and I usually just hang out in the bar area, because we don't feel like dealing with the smoke at another place.  The staff is always super friendly and eager to please.
So, why three stars you ask?  Well, I guess it's because this place isn't anything overly special and the drinks are over priced.  I know, you're going to call me cheap, but I think $5.75 for a Stella is a little steep.  It's not a bad price if you're on a date and having a fancy night, but just for a random night out, it can add up.
I would go back if I had a reason to, but I wouldn't go out of my way to spend an evening here.  I do want to try the food though!  Ok, I'll go back and try the food and re-review.  Deal?Awesome fish and chips off the bar menu between services 
Great decor reminded me of the true Irish spirit which is hard to find these daysHad lunch there today. Started out with a Rob Roy that was spot on. Its surprising how often people get that wrong. Next, had a bowl of roasted chicken soup. Chicken was a bit drier than I would have liked but overall flavor was wonderful. Then, the corned beef and provolone sandwich. The menu said it would be topped with a fried egg and I erroneously thought the egg would be inside the sandwich. Having it actually on top turns it to a knife & fork sandwich but its worth it. Everything about it makes sense. One of the top 5 sandwiches I've had. It was pretty empty when I came in and the sous chef stopped by, introduced himself, and made sure I liked everything. Before I left people started to flow in again so I just lucked out in my timing. Will definitely be back.The minute I enter this place I get the strongest urge to spend hours swinging around a pint of the dark stuff while watching a heated rugby match. 
Unfortunately, all I've done here so far is have breakfast. Actually, I did drop a pretty penny on dinner once in a "treat yo' self" moment. It was very good, but the steep pricing will keep Irish House dinner on my "rarely" list. 
In a nutshell, I love the warm authenticity of this place. From the servers' accents to the gut-busting traditional Irish dishes, I'm always willing to swing by for a good experience. If you don't want to drop $20 on an entree, ask your server for the bar menu, which consists of more reasonably priced sandwiches and stuff.First time I came here I was really into this place, but the second time was just blah. Pretty decent food, but the one that always steals the show for me is the Irish coffee. Maybe I'm an IC rookie, but this is seriously delicious!!  Go check it out!Yes, I see now that your add in nola.com linked to old information from 2013. Thank you for pointing that out. Someone had to have given that link when placing the 2014 add. I'm pretty sure the nola.com people didn't come up with that link to the old cvb info.
Also, I still had a watered down drink with flat coke. So thank you for your non-response. I'm sure you'll continue to make mistakes like this and not take any responsibility. I will continue to go to Finn McCools.
I'm sorry I had a bad experience at your establishment, even if you aren't.Ouch! What a horrible experience. My dear friend had been talking about visiting this joint on the Tuesday's fish and chips special. I was very eager. I kid you not, we have walked out and I am writing this review. I myself am a waitress and work in the industry. We arrived to what was a busy evening around 8pm. There was no host, we waited 5mins at the door and decided to walk up to the bar. Where a reddish/raven haired plumped face woman was bartending. When my friend inquired about getting seating, this woman addressed him with the most disgusting tone! Totally uncalled for, that my jaw dropped! I was shocked. She was so rude that the patrons at the bar gasped. Even one man at the bar offered to give us his seat, trying to make up for her vulgarity. She then clearly tried to back pedal and offer us a "just grab a seat anywhere". Her energy was so vile, you could feel it penetrating across the bar. I get, it's gets busy! You're in the weeds. She needs to be let go, it's completely unacceptable to address anyone that way. I will definitely never come back and will definitely spread the word to beware of the ghastly robust Wilson Philips look alike (Carnie Wilson). Never in my 20yrs working in the food industry have I ever seen or heard any bartender be so rude to a customer inquiring about dining. All this because there was no host?!??went on a Monday and caught the "live Celtic music"  It was entertaining though a bit loud.  We had a group of six and all of us shared our meals.  The food was good, the menu titled toward Irish fare, of course.  Good place to try beers on tap you might not otherwise have tried.  Could be a good family place as well.  Nice dining outside if the weather is nice.The atmosphere is nice but standard Irish pub decor. The staff is very good but the kitchen is slow. Don't eat here if you are in a rush. The appetizers were bland ( BBQ wings , and farmers cheese) for the main course I had Irish Bangers which were good, my wife had stuffed chicken which was stuffed with absolutely no flavor. For a restaurant with a one page menu, empty tables in the dining area and a Iron Chef in the kitchen I was less than impressed. But I did clean my plate.The Irish House is a favourite place of mine!!! I love to go from time to time and enjoy the food and fun. The Irish Dancers are amazing when they perform. I was with my aunt today and we both had the Crawfish Eggs Benedict. It was amazing!!!! The server was super fantastic and had an amazing personality. I absolutely plan to return soon!!!Went there for Sunday brunch by myself, and I sat in their courtyard sitting. Well, it took me a while to have a host to greet me and I was standing at the front feeling not so welcoming. After been seated, it took another while to have a server coming to me. I thought they already forgot me sitting outside.  Then, my Full Irish breakfast was missing something: it should have black and white pudding included, however I have never seen that on my plate. I didn't even bother to complain to the server.Great atmosphere, beautiful bar. Lots of Irish whiskeys and beer, and wonderful service. The fish and chips were crispy and delicious; my only critique is the portion size. I was VERY hungry, and one plate did not fill me up, had to order a second plate of but I happened to be there on "Buy one get one half off"day.We'd been meaning to try The Irish House for some time. I mean, who doesn't want to go to a place that has a sign that says "Time for a Pint" outside, right? We thought going on a Tuesday would give us a good chance to try out the place on what is typically a slow night for the restaurant industry.
The food was good, but not great. Certainly not worth the prices they are charging. They want you to feel like you are in a pub, but the food prices are not pub-like at all. We ordered a bunch of appetizers, and after the first ones came out, the waiter said there would be a delay for the BBQ Fried Oysters because he wanted to make sure they were "just right." Hmmmm, OK ... about 10 minutes later he shows up to tell us they were out, or they couldn't prepare them, or - he really doesn't know what the problem was, but we weren't going to get them.
OK - so on to the main course. Everything was tasty, but nothing that would warrant praise. I had the short ribs, which really just tasted like a very meaty red beans and rice with a fried egg on top. I didn't think the portion size warranted the over $20 price tag, either.
The waiter constantly apologized for repeated delays - everything from food delivery to refreshing our drinks took way too long. When we were getting ready to leave, the waiter took our plates and put the leftovers into go boxes for us (that was a plus), but when he dropped off the filled go boxes, he did not leave a check.
After another 10 minutes (with no food or drink left on the table) we finally flagged down a manager and asked for our check. We then had to have them take off the charge for the oysters we never got.
It seems like a nice enough place. There was some kind of Irish sing a long going on (which was actually kind of fun), but I don't know if that had anything to do with the slow service and lack of attention or not.
I would have given them one star, except the atmosphere really is nice. The food deserves 3-4 stars for taste. but is way to expensive for what you get.I went to a Wedding rehearsal dinner here, at first i thought parking was going to be an issue but they have a good amount on there private lot, and i guess street parking is not that bad. We went through the back entrance up to the front, they were busy busy. Smelled really good and a hint of some strong coffee, guess Irish coffee lol. We were instructed to go upstairs so we went up there, later to find out they had an elevator ( I have walking issues ) we go all the way to the back to a large private room. Reminded me of the knights table. The table was a little large for the room it was hard to pass by other people that were seated. We had some kind of bread appetizer that tasted like half bread half cake pretty damn good. We then had self serve buffet, everything was really good. Love the meat and potatoes and i had a egg which at first i thought was weird but it was good, i inhaled my plate. Next time i am in the area i will try them again and see what kind of food is on the menu.Top rating.  Really enjoyed our time there.  We came in for a beer and stayed for 3 1/2 hours.  Beautiful space, and a very good bartender, Jeb.  The food was gourmet and a great value.  Chef Matt could charge more for the quality of the dishes.  Highly recommend this spot.They were super nice and sat our group of six right in front of the television so we could watch a Euro match.  Did I mention it was Saturday and brunch time?  The food was very good.  Most of us settled on the traditional Irish breakfast which included both black and white pudding (not all do, trust me).  Our server handled food issues deftly and overall, we had a great experience.Had brunch on a Saturday morning, it was great. I had a delicious Molly Malone seafood omelet with side of veggies and my hubby had Farmer Nick's Scrambled Eggs (a griddle cake with omelet atop) & bangers (Irish sausages)= excellent! Just a quick jaunt down the road from our hotel, yes thanks! Loved the decor & attentive waitstaff. Huge beer selection if ya like that.Stopped in for lunch with two friends on a picture-perfect sunny Saturday. There was no hostess, so the bartender walked us to our table.We ordered:
BBQ Chicken & Waffles
Shepard's Pie
Roast Beef Po' Boy
Lawnmower beer - from Austin, TX
So, it wasn't the most authentic of Irish food experiences. Everything looked great, and I couldn't wait to try the Shepard's Pie. Unfortunately, it was terribly under-seasoned. In fact, it reminded me of the grade-school cafeteria version of the dish. My Chicken & waffles dish was just odd. the accompanying sauce wasn't a sauce but smothered veggies in a tomato sauce and the chicken, while tender, had a sweet-and-sour quality that was jarring. The po' boy was standard, but didn't taste different from standard deli fare. Why no au jus?
Our waiter was great about taking the pie away and the manager with the soft Gaelic lilt offered the fish & chips as a wonderful substitute. 
I think we experienced the reserve team in the kitchen on this day; I'd like to go back another time to see if their fare improves.Had a horrible experience at the restaurant. We went as a family for thanksgiving dinner, which was set at $65 a person (an appetizer, an entree, and a dessert). We want to start by saying that it was NOT our waiters fault we had such a bad experience. He was rushed, apologized profusely for all of the errors, and tried his best to make it right. Our problem was with the food we were served and the overall experience. For $65 a person we were expecting a dinner that was not only filling but delicious, and with all of the publicity surrounding this restaurant and its Thanksgiving dinner set we were very excited to eat here. Especially because we absolutely love the show Chopped, and were extremely excited to try food by a chef that won the show. 
1. Our appetizers arrived, and were very off. The oysters tasted like buffalo chicken on a salad. They were swimming in buffalo sauce, ranch and bacon on a bed of lettuce. The crab cakes were okay at best, but very small and didn't really taste like crab (especially for the price). 
2. What we REALLY had issues with was the actual Thanksgiving dinner. It was as if the pastry chef was the only chef in the kitchen and the others had quit. The plates were mostly filled with very dry, tasteless turkey meat with absolutely no seasoning, even though the menu described it as "Cajun Spice Roasted" turkey. The honey glazed ham was way too sweet. The mashed potatoes had absolutely no flavor- no garlic, no nothing. The stuffing was terribly sweet as well, none of us could even eat it. It also had a weird grainy texture, which turned into a mash when bit into. The plates were missing the gravy somehow, and we had to ask for it, and one plate had no cranberry sauce. What was really odd was how we had this giant plate of dry meat and awful carbs, and no veggies. What's a Thanksgiving meal without at least one form of greens? We mentioned this to a few waiters, and were brought tiny bowls of asparagus that were inedible as they were only the rough stalks. Overall, it tasted like something you'd get at a hotel buffet. Not a $65 entree. 
3. The desserts were extremely disappointing as well, for example, the chocolate souffle was very tiny, and was actually a steamed pudding cake with vanilla ice cream, and was served in a mug. 
The overall issue was that every single course was awful, and not even close to being worth $65 (especially since there weren't even any drinks included). We were also upset that even though there were issues with every course and each of us had to go find a waiter to fix our issues, no one offered to take anything off or comp any of the food during the meal. After being in the restaurant for over two and a half hours we had to ask for the manager. We feel bad that the waiter had to deal with all of this, and appreciate that the manager did eventually comp part of our meal, but really wish the restaurant would reconsider either the chefs that cooked the food or the price of the food.This place is hit or miss. The first time we went I would have given it 5 stars. The food was so good. (The bread there was worth driving to try.)
The second time we went,we had to ask multiple times for bread, and the food was cold, the service was crap, and we didnt enjoy it at all. I had corned beef piled on some cabbage. My husband had shepherds pie, both cold.  My daughter had fish and chips, they were cool and getting greasy. 
The third time we saw the chef himself there. We thought this would mean that the service and food would be on point. The stew I ordered, was mostly liquid, had one peice of meat, and had hardly any vegetables. it was hot. My husband had shepherd's pie again. It was again cold. 
We were really bummed out. 
The service is not consistent. The decor is great. They often have family activities outside. they try very hard to be trendy and relevant. They have a gift shop with all kinds of shirts, trinkets, and candy.
 What really kills them is the inconsistent food and service. I probably will not go back.Great food and service. Hugh screens for Saints games!
They have good drinks and it's fun to sit at the bar on a casual night or get a table for a more private date.Went for an early dinner/late lunch...good beer good food and the wait staff was pleasant...def want to go back when they have a band!!Saw the reviews and had to try it. Food was gourmet and wonderful. HORRIBLE loud out of tune singers. Noise level is obnoxious because of it. No way to have a nice dinnerI'm a lover of Irish music and dancing, and also of Irish pubs. Louisiana is the 7th state in which I've lived and worked, and in every state I always sought out the best Irish pub in town - so, based on many excellent experiences,  I have high expectations for atmosphere (which includes friendliness), food, on-tap beer, music, and service.
What a disappointment The Irish House has turned out to be! 
My two stars are for the Irish musicians who practice upstairs on Monday nights and the pipers who practice outside on Tuesday evenings. Both superb.
However, the fish and chips I tried on my first visit missed the mark in every way. The two small pieces of fish - which looked like something out of a carton, and were certainly not cooked to order with delicious crispy batter - were only slightly warm, and the fish had a coating of underdone soggy batter. Overwhelming the rest of the plate, presumably to compensate for the small fish portions, was a pile of blackened, stringy fries. Again, looked like something out of a carton, dumped into the fryer, forgotten and overcooked ..... but still served (no quality control in the kitchen). Certainly not the pub-cut fries served in other Irish pubs. Since the waitress didn't return to the table after serving me, I carried the plate to the kitchen door and waited ..... my complaint and request for food that was properly cooked was met with skepticism. After 10 minutes, the plate was returned, without apology or explanation, with fries that were still mostly burned. DIdn't finish it and won't eat here again, though I will return for a pint of Guiness or Harp and some excellent music.