This "Joint" haha was on Diners, Drive in's and Dives.  It is defiantly the later but the smoked meat is delicious.   Sides are lacking, really lacking quality and flavor.  That said it is a BBQ joint and it's all about that.  YUM!*DROOL* 
This was the last spot I ate at before my flight back to DC. My fellow fatties and I ordered the beef brisket, ribs, pulled pork and plenty of sides  (cole slaw, bakes beans, mac n cheese). Everything was well smoked, pulled and brisketed (I know that's not a word). I washed everything down with some sweet tea. 
Needless to say, food coma set in for the flight back!Perfection. Just don't sit outside, u will get swarmed with Mosquitos. Although, there is a very nice cat named Orange Julius if u like dining al fresco and in the company of kittens. Don't forget to go for a ride on the tree swing on your way out.Great barbecue and terrific side items. Nice patio for outside on a sunny day. Ambiance is truly New Orleans.This place is amazing!! If you like eating meat, this place is the place for you. This is my second time eating here and it never fails to fill me up. 
Mac and cheese & ribs go great together. Trust me. The price is bit pricey but the portion is great. So it's worth it! Can't wait to come again with my bf who's from Chicago.If you've never been to New Orleans, you're missing out on what eating is.   This place is great.  Baked mac and cheese...BAKED.  The baked beans have a hint of spice in them, which gives it a perfect blend.  The brisket, was just as tasteful, as the pulled pork, and the BBQ chicken, was also on point.  
This place has that "home" feel to it.  The decor takes you back to a country house visit, "Down South," as some of us like to call it.  The paper towel rolls on the tables, really make you feel like a country boy...Gotta love that.  
Although the sweet tea isn't sweet, you are provided with enough sugar to give yourself that heart-attack you were hoping for.
Did I mention you can be full AND have a to go box all for about $10?  Yea, you just can't beat that.YELPers - you were right!  This is some of the BEST BBQ I've had in some time.  And I eat BBQ pretty often. 
My three meat plate choices were ribs, brisket & burnt ends. Ribs slid off the bone cleanly and were crispy on the outside. Brisket was juicy, smoky and scrumptious. Burnt Ends?  I would have ordered twice it was so tasty!  
Sides were Cole Slaw (very good) and beans (I was expecting a tomato-sauce base, was a bit of vinegar?) were tasty. 
Good variety of beer choices. I ate outside on the patio by the smoker. 
If I lived in New Orleans I would eat here WAY TOO OFTEN. If you're traveling to town, catch a cab or a Lyft out of the tourist area and devour some delicious BBQ!This place is heaven for any BBQ lover. Easily the best BBQ in New Orleans. If you go for lunch, better get there before 11:45 or you'll be in a long line.
The ribs here literally melted off the bone. Macaroni and cheese is top notch and the brisket is perfectly done.Awesome local BBQ food. Get there early, because they run out of ribs and brisket fast!You know that BBQ joint from House of Cards? This place kind of gave off that similar hometown, blue collar, BBQ joint tucked away off the beaten path vibe. Nothing fancy about the food -- what you see is what you get. And what I got was the best BBQ I've ever had.
My fiancee and I were down in New Orleans for a few days and stopped by the Joint based on the strength of reviews from our beloved Yelpers. We shared a three meat plate (brisket, pulled pork, and sausage) with two sides (potato salad and beans), for a more-than-reasonable $17.95 (!!!!). The brisket was the shining star of this plate and could be eaten alone if you wanted (without their exquisite, light, playful, vinegary BBQ sauce). Hot off the smoky grill, it melts in your mouth and makes you want to forget about every piece of meat you've ever eaten before. The pulled pork? Fine. The sausage? Unremarkable. I would have been happy just eating the brisket with a bowl of the delightful potato salad. 
Just for reference, we loved this place so much, we drove through and picked up two pounds of brisket on our way out for the road. They included a bowl of BBQ sauce and even gave us ice to pack our cooler (thanks, guys!). This will be the first place I go the next time I'm in New Orleans again.
10/10 would eat this meat again. You've ruined all other BBQ for me.This place is off the beaten path but well worth the drive!  The BBQ ribs and pulled pork were tender and juicy!  The pecan pie and the peanut butter pie were so tasty!  I recommend getting some to take home if you don't have room after dinner.The absolute best bbq I've had. Everything is so tender (even burnt ends) and the value is hard to beat. You won't leave hungry!Love this place. 
Everything you want in a real BBQ place. 
The outside patio is nice with their fans. 
Every cut of meat they have is delicious. 
They got a nice beer selection as well.Great food and it's comes out fast. I get bored of most of my favorite New Orleans spots and go in phases,not the joint, if I miss a week of that Mac and cheese or whatever delicious meat I decide to get that day the rest of the week is just waiting for my next chance to go!Been to several BBQ "joints" & this place is at the top of the list.  Great job!!
PS - Try the Key Lime Pie, you won't be disappointed.If you happen to be in the area... as in you are visiting the damages to the lower ninth ward or are heading to Vaughan's... 
Then this hell-yeah hit-it-up type-a-place.  Its a bit of a drive from the core though.
We ordered and paid for our bbq food and a few beers at the concession sort of stand and then were advised to sit out back and wait for the delivery.
The back patio featured a garden with picnic tables and sketchy patio furniture... all part of the cultural allure I suppose.  I liked how they had extra bbq sauce on the table... we were sampling before the food arrived.
And when the food arrived - it was unexpectedly melt-in-your mouth delicious.  And by then, we had already made friends with a few of the locals - very friendly folks!This place is too legit. I'm talking brisket on fleek. Cuban sandwiches to die for. Amazing pulled pork. We came here twice, and were sorry we didn't go back a third time. Seriously worth it. A few tips to consider:
1) This place is an order at the counter type of joint. Perfect for a first tinder date, or kids, or something casual, not great for a "dining vibe".
2) Tons of parking, so uber-ing here from downtown was a waste of $20.
3) Ear here everyday.This hole in the wall "joint" is exactly the kind of place true BBQ connoisseurs can go to get some tasty BBQ! At first glance, uninviting and if a toothless Bubba or Roscoe were behind the counter yellin "brisket, pick it up" and ringing a bell, I would not be surprised. Yet that was the only thing missing -DANG-NABIT!! The brisket and pulled pork sandwich will put the smack down on any BBQ craving. Can be crowded during lunchtime and early afternoon, call-in your order swing by and "PICK IT UP!Cute place in mid city, the pulled pork sandwich was "ok" not much flavor so we added the sauce which also did not have much flavor. The sides though... AMAZING! We had the Mac and cheese and baked beans and that was definitely the best part!Totally awesome.  The food, the beer, the setting, all were exactly what BBQ joints aspire to be.  I ate my boyfriends leftovers for breakfast.  ( I know pork is generally the meat of choice at BBQ places but I rarely eat beef so I chose the brisket, mouth watering and awesome!)i can easily believe this is the best BBQ in town.  The tip about the outside seating area out back was right on...i'd definitely recommend it!  The sauce could be a little thicker for my tastes but i'm definitely going back!
Seriously...I love this place!  If you like barbeque you just have to go.  Just go ahead and get yours to-go because you're not going to finish it (and I suspect they hook it up a little bit more.)  I'd make a recommendation...but really it's all good.  My favorite side is the potato salad (by far!)  I usually just get the 3 meat combo and eat on it for the next few days (it's awesome straight out of the fridge.)
The outdoor seating is nice...unless the flies are too bad.I've only eaten here twice. I'll probably have to update this review to a higher rating after a few more bbq sessions. So far the pulled pork sandwich bbq is perfection. The meat is tender moist and not overwhelmed with sauce. The sauce part you get to do yourself. The baked beans are dangerously tasty.  The staff is laid back with a smile. They are efficient and even during a busy time I did not wait long for my food. 
I really like the rustic decor and the outdoor area. The full bar has some good beer choices as well as cocktails.This place is legit,  amazing bbq, amazing sauces and you feel like a local here. We got here right when it opened and we were glad we did, as 15 minutes later there was a line outside the door!Best BBQ I've ever had. The ambience at The Joint is stellar, the service was excellent, and the pricing was perfect. Eating at The Joint was an amazing experience, one that puts it high up on my list of top restaraunts in New Orleans. The only slight issues were that the chicken was a bit flavorless (needed to smother it in the amazing BBQ sauce to give it really good flavor) and the beef brisket was not quite tender enough in the middle. Other than that, really a fantastic restaraunt I recommend to everyone.So I'm not a meat eater, in general. I love boiled seafood and I prefer to eat mostly shellfish and seafood. My husband had been telling me for years that we have to go to the Joint, because he is a HUGE BBQ FAN. I was not so thrilled to be going, but went along with him. I ordered the 1/2 rack of ribs. All I can say is OH MY GOODNESS! This place is like a meat heaven. If all meat tasted like these ribs I ordered, I would eat meat every day. They were the largest, most delectable ribs I have ever had in my life and I am a very tough customer when it comes to meat. Also, I had just had knee surgery, so I was in pain and really didn't feel like schlepping down to the bywater for meat. Lol. 
But I must say that I was extra impressed with the ribs. My husband got the pulled pork sandwich, which was also excellent. (Not as good as the ribs, but excellent in its own right). The sides were just okay. I found the baked beans to me hard in the middle, so I was not extra impressed with them. But I was thankful they had Coke and not Pepsi, which is gross. 
Just know that if you go, seating can be an issue. Like I said, I had just had knee surgery, so I had to sit at a table while my husband went to order. Apparently, this was a problem. The waitress told me that I must get up and go wait in line with my husband and I told her no. I said, "Listen lady, I can barely walk, I just had knee surgery and I'm not waiting in a line today." I thought that would be sufficient. Then she came back 5 min later and told me again to get up. I told her to piss off and that took care of it. And I then AGAIN reminded her that I had knee surgery 2 days ago. She left me alone after that. But to sum up, the ribs were fantastic. Yes, I would go back!!!The new space on Mazant Street has more room, plus an added bar and an outdoor seating area are nice additions from the former "cozy" space on Poland Ave.  Everyone is friendly and they truly put out some of the best barbecue anywhere - on my most recent visit the brisket was moist, smoky, and phenomenal plus the pulled pork sandwich was really outstanding.  The baked beans and potato salad sides are just as good as the BBQ while the mac & cheese is a big portion but unfortunately fairly dry and tasteless.  Regardless, The Joint is consistently serving some of the best BBQ in the country and is without a doubt my go-to spot in NOLA.Quality sucks very disappointing.  The person we ordered from couldn't even describe the beers on tap and seemed VERY out of it (high?  Drunk?).  To top it off, the ribs made my wife sick..  something about the coating most likely.  The punch didn't have much taste and was almost straight booze. Never going back.I'm giving this 4 stars only because New Orleans has like all of four BBQ spots in this whole seafood driven city. I ordered the three meat combo with Mac and cheese and potato salad as my sides. 
The ribs were delicious, and the sausage was honestly the best part of my meat combo. It's spicy, juicy, and flavorful. The brisket was kind of a miss for me. I think I might've gotten the end of it because it was honestly more fat than anything. All the meat was seasoned well though and I really enjoyed the barbecue sauce. 
The Mac and cheese wasn't really exciting but I like the fact that they used that creole mustard in their potato salad and used red potatoes. 
I wanted to get a drink while I waited for my food but the bartender was busy with a phone order I guess. I was slightly disappointed in that but life goes on. I'll probably go back a few more times. Being from Texas living in NOLA is hard on my barbecue loving soul.It's fun ambiance, but the meat is way too smoky for me. My friends and husband liked it but were mot impressed.Best brisket ever! It sounds ridiculous to eat BBQ in NOLA, but I'm so glad that we did it. It's wonderful! And the peanut butter pie is heavenly, highly recommend!There are times when, as a visitor (albeit a frequent one), you need a break from Creole and Cajun cuisine and seek out a change. Now barbecue is a sacred and highly opinionated topic, with passions running high at the very mention of the word and rising from there.
OK. The Joint is *really* good. I'm not sure it's my favorite BBQ place, period, but in New Orleans, this place is just the perfect mix of delicious food, classic ambiance¹, cold beer, and tunes. I wouldn't change a thing! (OK, maybe a bit more heat in the rub.)  Everything is wonderful, save perhaps the mac & cheese, and this is a place I look forward to returning to time and time again.  (Been here three times so far.)
_______________
¹ Though if they heard me use the word "ambiance," I might be 86'd for life!This was our first dinner in New Orleans and what a great choice. Good food, interesting service and an awesome vibe.  The brisket was flavorful and tender and the mac and chz side was a perfect compliment.Smells like good BBQ when you walk in the door and it does not disappoint. Enjoyed the pulled pork and loved the Lima bean side. Definitely would recommend this placeThe joint is the only place we go for BBQ in New Orleans. I have tried almost the whole menu but the Brisket is hands down my favorite thing on the menu.  its always moist and sooooo delicious! You can't go wrong with the mac and cheese either.Finally ended up here for lunch a couple of weeks ago. Packed with a great slice of humanity, I sidled up to the counter and ordered. Had I known to plop down at the bar,  I would have gained 10 minutes of my life back and had witty repartee with the bartender.
Speaking of ten, I think that's the weight of the plate I ordered. It may be what I gained after eating here. Hearty eaters, fear not! You will leave sated!
The sides are OK; I was told the standout collard greens were sold out (by 1PM!). The meat was quite tender and the sausage were delicious; the sauces left me lacking in flavor and substance.The real deal.  This is a great spot.  No frills.  Beef Brisket is wonderful.  The sides are good.  The beer and the tea are cold.The Joint was a fabulous find in NOLO with homemade everything!  I had tender burnt ends with a tasty salad and baked mac 'n cheese.  I came here with a work group but would definitely bring my family if they were in town.  The Joint has BBQ down!Super place. Just what I wanted in terms of bbq. Briskets where delicious. Gentrification has smitten the area, and the clients where affluent. But the hipsterness of the Joint was appreciated! 
We had threes at combos which were enough for two people each. Sides were small but good.Dive-y little rib joint that is sure to please. Off the beaten path, but well worth the adventure. The smoker in the back is worth a watch.SOOOO good! I am glad that we found this place via yelp. My fiance and I went while vacationing and it was well worth the cab ride. He wanted to keep coming back here for breakfast lunch and dinner! We definitely would have if there weren't places that we also wanted to try. I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for BBQ in the Big Easy.Boyfriend and I walked all the way from the business district to get here for some delicious BBQ. After walking through the changing neighborhoods and being greeted by the sign outside I felt doubtful. Then you go in, and the smell cures you! My goodness was the sausage and pulled pork good. My mouth is watering just thinking about it with the sauces. And the mac and cheese! Geez if only I could get this in nyc. Also try the pb pie! We were stuffed but inhaled that thing like crack!
Also cool to know theres outside seating and you can see their smoker. Boyfriend told me he saw someone chopping up wood. Very neat.I've been told that this is among the top ten BBQ 'joints' in the country or maybe even in the world (although BBQ tends to be local to the US, as far as I know).
I got a combination platter of pulled pork, brisket and ribs. It came with two sides of my choosing: macaroni and cheese and potato salad. Along with the platter came two toasted slices of white bread and bread and butter pickles.
I can confidently say that the pulled pork layered on top of the toasted bread smothered in their signature sweet BBQ vinegar sauce was delicious. I would have preferred it on a different type of bread, but I was too hungry to be picky. However, I wasn't hungry enough to chow down on the brisket- way too dry for my mouth! The ribs were smoky and well flavoured though, so 2 out of 3 isn't a horrible deal.
The mac-n-cheese was disappointing and I honestly didn't try to potato salad. Mainly because I'm not into that dish (my SO is).
All in all, it's great for when you're craving that summertime meat-a-licious meal or just that hunk of smoky goodness minus the sad sides.You have to try the brisket!!!!!! The smoke ring is perfect all the way around and the meat is tender and never dried out, it's near perfect. I can't attest to the other meats because the brisket is too good to pass up, but when a bbq 'joint' can rock the brisket you can trust everything else is on point.I'm originally from San Antonio, Tx.  It has some of the best BBQ around and I've made my own.  This place was phenomenal.  Very close to back home and I mean really close.  The key to brisket and ribs is does it stand along without sauce?  They absolutely did.  The rub was good, the brisket was moist with that beautiful smoke ring.  The sides, especially the baked beans were top notch.  It's a bit of a walk from Bourbon St but worth it.  From one who has smoked many briskets I tip my hat to you good Sir's and Ma'am's.  Well done.Neighborhood fav, imho overrated.  Edible bbq but not much else to choose from.  Nice location tho.I'm mad I didn't find this place sooner! The food was above and beyond. I had the pulled pork and brisket combo. Only $13.50. Well worth the price, I couldn't even finish it all and I was starving. Best pulled pork and brisket I've ever had. The Mac and cheese was creamy and yummy. The baked beans were hands down the most delicious I've ever had. I couldn't believe they were baked beans! Very unique taste. I wish they had more of a variety of sauces though. The bbq sauce was good but pretty sweet. I'd love a spicy sauce. Was recommended this place by a friend and I'll definitely pass it on. I can't wait to go back to this place!Some of the best pulled pork bbq I have ever had...topped with slaw and sauce, left me wanting more when I was done. Fantastic sweet tea, and an outdoor patio made for a perfect afternoon lunch. 
This place is off the beaten path, over in the Marigny part of the city, but worth looking for and stopping by for lunch or dinner.My first experience with New Orleans BBQ and was I ever impressed!  Pork ribs that fell off the bone without any greasiness, and delicious smoky taste.  Beans and slaw that were great too.  Washed down with an ice cold Abita that topped it off perfectly.
The atmosphere is cool/dive; I hope their new location will be as interesting, because I'll definitely be back!Worth the 10 minute drive from the French Quarter. Tender smoked meats, classic sides, and interesting retro decor. Best in Nahlins.Nice low key location in a cool neighborhood, friendly staff, and quick service- can't compain! Oh yah, the food!  SO good!  Toasted buns, smoky meat, and all the BBQ sauce you can squeeze on to EVERY SINGLE BITE.  My husband raved about their potato salad (which was good, but tasted like egg salad, lol).  The mac and cheese was tasty, and overall, I loved it.  Cute hole in the wall that delivers.Yum, great bbq and all that i expected. The ribs and links were amazing- the former having this sugary texture on top that was incredible. 
The sides and sauces were nothing special.TLDR; this place is trash. 
Ordered at the counter. 3 meat combo with brisket, pork ribs (2), and 1/4 chicken. It comes with the choice of one or two sides. I got Mac and cheese and potato salad. And 2 drinks for $25. 
Food came out cold, with the exception of the MAC and cheese which was warm in the middle. 
Brisket: dry af. No fat at all on the brisket. The flavor was very peppery. 
Pork ribs: also dry af. Good flavoring, but was not fall of the bone ribs. 
Chicken: the best thing. It was super moist! 
You wouldn't believe the amount of sauce I needed to make the ribs and brisket edible. 
Mac and cheese: kraft easy mac is better than this shhhhh. It was powdery and just wtf. 
Potato salad: not good. Eggs and potato basically. Could have used some more mustard. 
Don't come here. Would give two stars for the chicken, but seeing as that's the only thing I would order, it's not even worth giving.I loved the dry rub on the ribs it was so flavorful. I didn't care for the baked beans though but the ribs and chicken were so good! Service was fast as well!We are from Kansas City and are accustom to very good BBQ. We ordered the burnt ends, pulled pork and pork ribs and with smoked corn grits and potato salad as sides. 
The pulled pork was the star of the show - moist with good bark. The homemade vinegar BBQ sauce paired well.
The pork ribs were also very good with a very well seasoned rub and no sauce. They were moist and just the right amount of smoke.
The burnt ends were good but came soaked in BBQ sauce. My preference would have been to have the sauce in the side. The sauce was good but way too much for my taste.
The smoked corn grits were a real treat and the potato salad just average. 
This is a serve yourself place with food runners. Nice atmosphere and definitely worth a visitMe & my wife went here yesterday for lunch. She found this place on Yelp and it was DELICIOUS!! Our server chris was excellent. The bbq was sooo delicious & tender. The ribs actually don't need any sauce...thats how good they are! The prices are very reasonable plus service is great & lastly they bring your food to you in about 10 mins or less. Will def be back!!! Thanks Yelp!The BBQ is very flavorful. The facilities are atrocious. Not just dive/hole-in-the-wall-bad, but the dining room was actually flooded. Also, I was at first impresses by the amount of meat they gave me until i realized it was a good 40% fat. The bathroom smelled like marijuana and vomit. They forgot to give me a side, then tried to charge me for it again when I asked for it. Go to Hillbilly for some real good BBQ instead.Quite Frankly, I'm embarrassed it has taken me this long to write a review for this place. My husband and I make a point of stopping here EVERY time we visit our favorite city, New Orleans. We also have made it the traditional last meal of our trips to NOLA...so we always end on a high note! Best Ribs EVER, seriously. We just love this place to pieces, and the new(er) location is way more spacious and we enjoy the outside seating the most. Great bloody marys, the sides are PHENOMANAL, and the salad dressing? MMM MMM! If you haven't gone, and love BBQ...I dunno what you're waiting for. GO!The joint is a lovely BBQ joint, and I love the name. The joint is exactly what it claims to offer -- damn good BBQ.
When I first moved to Nola - this was the go to for BBQ. Then came along NOLA Smokehouse which blew everything else out the water.....until it shut down, of course.
It's hard to compare to that, and that is why I can't say The joint is the BEST BBQ I've ever had, but it's close. 
The brisket is deliciously smoked, and it had the perfect amount of fattiness to it. It's melt in your mouth good. I had the brisket sandwich with slaw, I topped it off with the perfect amount of in-house sauce, and I was in heaven! 
The companion got three meats - pulled pork, ribs, and brisket. I took a bite of the pulled pork and ribs (without asking - shame on me!) The ribs were good, even though I'm not usually a fan of ribs in general. The pulled pork was standard. I'd say the brisket stands out the most.
I remember LOVING the pecan pie, but when I came this time, the guy at the register pulled it out of the fridge and cut a slice. He had some trouble so by the time it got to my plate it was all crumbled because it got hard in the fridge....I was disappointed in paying $3 for a crumbled slice, but the taste was there (I can't deny that.)
Overall, good BBQ and nice vibes. I'll be back again if I'm in the area. The Marigny isn't exactly close to Metairie!Twas my second time eating food from the joint, but my first time actually eating in the place and it's a cool little spot. There are some cool postings on the walls but what stood out most was the aroma of smoked meats and deliciousness all around. I was simply salivating. 
I've had their brisket which is really good, but those pork ribs with potato salad and macaroni just did it for me. Honestly i'm not much the red meat type but they were really good, be sure not to forget to put some of that table sauce on it tho. I was tearing into mine so much i only got to half of the last piece before i discovered the truth about it all. 
Most definitely the place to go to for BBQ in NOLAThis is the best bbq place in New Orleans.  It is comparable to many small town bbq places in Texas.  The ribs are delicious and the other food is phenomenal as well.Honestly, I don't get the hype. It's not terrible but it's not that good either. Good BBQ has always been hard to find in New Orleans. It's one of the few things this town can't seem to get right. There is no real flavor in the food. The sauce is average. Getting a drink is inconvenient. Too crowed and not worth it.Took a walk at Cresent Park and ended up here.  Delicious ribs, baked beans are to die for, and grapefruit daiquiri is worth a mention!Great BBQ overall. I ordered the 3 meat combo and 1 side and got ribs, brisket, pulled pork, and mac & cheese. The ribs were (for me) the stand out meat on the plate, although they were all delicious. Thank god the meat is not smothered in BBQ sauce beyond recognition like some places. You have the ability to season everything yourself, but really it's good enough to not warrant anything. The mac & cheese was the only thing lacking, I actually thought it was pretty bland and have had way better at other places. 
Very good BBQ, but not the best. I couldn't give 5 stars because if you've ever been to the Salt Lick outside of Austin, TX, you would know why.
Would certainly come back here to try some more items on the menu.Best BBQ I've experienced. The sausage with the dipping sauce is to die for. The sausage will give you atomic burps, though.I was a little overwhelmed with the smell of barbecue walking in (my friends hadn't specified what kind of restaurant we were going to), but within a few minutes my mouth was watering for ribs.
I was disappointed because apparently they had run out of ribs.  What?!
I ate a 1/4 of a chicken and it was good, but I'm disappointed that I didn't get a chance to taste the ribs I kept smelling.So, I heard rave reviews about this place on TV ad well as family. I'm in New Orleans for a visit and had to give it a try. I had the 3 meat plate which consisted of Burnt Endz, Pulled Pork and Pork Ribs. Sides were Mac and cheese and baked beans. Mac and cheese was on point but the beans were on a whole different level ( in a good way). Ribs were so tender, one bite was enough to pull the meat off of the bone with very little effort. Burnt Endz were just ok. I mean I live in Texas now so anyone who trys to pull this off had better bring their A game. Not much there I'm afraid. Pulled Pork was average but juicy. Good choice of sauce that made it better, but did not stand up on its own. The service was great and parking was surprisingly easy to find. I'll give them a another shot the next time I'm in town.One of my favorites in the neighborhood! With fun drink specials, consistent solid bbq, and my favorite salad in the city (the dinner salad with brisket), the joint is a go-to for visitors and locals alike. The price is right and portions are a good size! Mac and cheese is delish and I adore the brisket. Service is often gruff, but you don't actually have to interact much, so grab your bbq and enjoy!Between the wifey and me we ate some pulled pork, sausage, brisket, and chicken. The pulled pork hit the spot but I'd say around average in my estimation. The brisket same thing. However the sausage and chicken holy smoked balls they were it.Yes. 
Just... Yes.
Was walking to Mardi gras zone (great natural food store!) from a friend's place, and walked past this place. We made it about two more blocks before turning around and going back. It just smelled that good.
It was as good as expected. I did it up right, with pulled pork, extra bread, mac & cheese, collards (special of the day!) and sweet tea.
By the time I was done, I was so full I was sweating, and my eyes were glazed in food bliss.
You should get off your smartphone right now and GO!I was very impressed with the quality of meat (pork and chicken) from The Joint. I'm not a huge fan of pork, but I have to give it to them...they have some amazing ribs! Even my 92 year old grandmother ate everything on her plate and raved at how fantastic everything tasted. 
The Joint has been around for a really long time. I used to visit it when I was a kid and it's still good today as it was waaaay back in the pre-Katrina days.OMG - shoot me now. I've found heaven, and it's name is The Jount. Seriously, this BBQ is downright AMAZING, and i'm from the freakin south - had BBQ all over...Memphis, all over NC, VA, SC, Atlanta, MS, and all over Texas. This place RATES and rates way up there. 
We got 1/2 rack of ribs w/ 1 side (baked beans) and pulled pork platter w/ 2 sides (cole slaw & potato salad) ---- WOW. All the meat was super juicy (tho we did try the pineapple-habanerro sauce - gave the pulled pork a bit of a kick - didnt taste pineapple, tho). The ribs were the scene stealer --- dry rub was simply knock-your-socks-clean-off amazing. 
Cole slaw (crisp, not much mayo - yay!) and potato salad were excellent, tho i don't get the baked beans hype. These aren't your typical yummy, dark, sweet-but-tangy beans - i didnt like em. 
Cool "dive" vibe, neighborhoody (really love the Bywater!!) - tho the staff isnt too friendly, but who cares! Food is the star, you order at the back counter, get your beer from the bar, and sit down - a server brings your food to u. 
And tourists - dont listen - GO TO THE JOINT NOW!!! It's awesome. Who cares if it isnt Creole or Cajun or whatever - it's too good to ignore!! 
Thank u, Joint chef!I'm no BBQ expert, but, based on friends' recommendations and my taste buds, The Joint is my new favorite BBQ spot! There are plenty of seats inside and out in the back, and the bar looked pretty well stocked. We ended up getting takeout instead of staying to eat, but, good Lord, that was probably best because I definitely would have gone back to the counter to order more!
I ended up picking the Special: a sampler of pulled pork, some beef brisket, and two ribs. For my side, I chose mac and cheese. All of the meat was amazing. The pulled pork was juicy and tender, the brisket fell apart under my fork, and the ribs came clean off the bone with zero effort! The mac and cheese was also cheesy, thick, and delicious. You get a slice of bread, but just set that aside and don't look back. The stars of the show were the smoked meats, and they hit it out of the ballpark!
The amount of food you're given for the price you pay was also a big plus. I'm definitely coming back to this place!After hours of record digging at Euclid worked up a mammoth hunger, I needed something to stick to my ribs so I thought I'd try and find some to eat. Thankfully in the neighborhood I discovered The Joint. Pleasantly rugged and filled with delicious smells, I knew it was the right spot. Ended up getting the chicken instead of ribs because it looks too good to pass up. Again, right choice. So moist. So flavorful. Great dry rub. Potato salad and Cole slaw were spectacular. Like really spectacular. I suggest it highly. 
Counter service only just FYI.Charming ribs restaurant just outside of the French Quarter (we got there by Uber). Friendly staff, delicious ribs and great little bar. Everything was very affordable and serving size was very generous.One word. Awesome!!! Well, several more words. Real bbq. Excellent flavor. Cool ass people. This place is the best bbq in NOLA. The only negative is, and it's very minor but, tourists. But, hey, they gotta eat too and I hate to have to deprive them of real bbq.Really wish I could give this place a 4.5. This place was great. I especially enjoyed the brisket. Being from Texas I have pretty hight brisket standards and places in the South really don't make it well. Not the Joint, the brisket was as good as much of what you get back home. I am a fan and will be going back!Food was okay, service was poor. Right when we arrived they ran out of ribs, which is what they were known for. Workers were not very nice and told us we were not allowed to sit before we ordered and demanded to know where we were sitting and with a group of 20 people was difficult to tell at the time. Seemed like we were more of a bother them rather than a valued guest.The BBQ here was phenomenal. My only regret is that I shared a 3 meat plate with my boo - I should have told him to get his own. We got the ribs, pulled pork, and brisket, with mac & cheese and beans as sides.I'll give it 4. Prob more like a 3.5er. It's good, but over-hyped. 
The ribs are really the only thing that stands out in my mind as being exceptional. Very meaty and well smoked. The sauces are good. I love a nice vinegar based sauce. None really had much kick. Brisket was so so. Pork was whatever. Kinda wish I tried the potato salad after reading it has egg in it on here, oh well. Mac and cheese and coleslaw were both above average. I would have liked a creamier coleslaw to cut the vinegar BBQ sauce, but what can you do. 
The interior is very nice and makes you feel right at home. Excellent outdoor seating available off street as well. I didn't dine in. Bartender was very friendly and I sort of scammed my way into ordering through him. I'd go back for sure if I lived in New Orleans and wanted some BBQ.While my husband and I are huge fans of Texas BBQ, we realized we had to try BBQ elsewhere in the South.  On our recent trip to NOLA, we heard from a friend to try this place out.  
It's definitely further out from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon and Canal streets but it has it's unique charm from the outside and inside.  
While their brisket isn't as good as Texas BBQ places we've been to, it's still good for those that aren't as picky with their BBQ.  Unfortunately, the group we went with is very picky about their BBQ so we thought the brisket was ok.   
Their pork ribs were the main highlight of our dinner.  The dry rub on those babies were so delicious.  Definitely one of the best pork ribs we've ever had.    
We did notice that the sauce base for their BBQ sauce was vinegar.  Not sure if that's a Louisiana thing or just this restaurant.  They didn't have thick BBQ ketchup based sauce like in Kansas or mustard based sauces like Texas.  We really did not like their BBQ sauce and would've preferred to bring our own.  
Note that they sell out quickly for their sausage because they ran out when we got there.  We went in on a Saturday night around 9pm. 
I liked their mac and cheese because it tasted homemade.  It wasn't too cheesy and too rich like other places. 
We also ordered a slice of pecan pie which helped top off our night.  Overall, we had a good time and good food!!This place is fantastic. The food is amazing. Best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had. The Mac n cheese was so good. It's out of the city and has easy parking. Great casual atmosphere.A decent lunch spot. The pulled pork and beef were definitely tasty, but I wish there were more BBQ sauce options and a bit more meat to the order for the price. Making a sandwich with the mac and cheese was delicious, though.Ribs, guys. It's all about the ribs. Treat yo self. Don't bother with sauce. The ribs deserve to be eaten in their naked glory. Everything else is delicious but the ribs win the freaking Oscar cause they done stole the show.I was in town for business and got to reconnect with an old college friend now living in NOLA. I asked him to take me somewhere off the beaten path of the French Quarter where most of my Nawlins rambling has been limited due to hotel proximity and time constraints.
He took me here, and dear Flying Spaghetti Monster, it was awesome. Of course I got the pulled pork--what other kind of barbecue is there?--with beans and slaw as my sides. The beans were really, really tasty and mad props for the slaw which was really lightly dressed--just the way I like it.
And did I mention that this place has more character than a Tennessee Williams play? Perfect for catching up and getting some of the local New Orleans experience.Apparently, the barbecue scene in New Orleans is not great. Nevertheless, the Joint is a gem in New Orleans. I have not been to Texas, Oklahoma, or Kansas so I cannot compare it to the best barbecue joints in the country. However, it is on par with the best barbecue I have had which is Dinosaur BBQ, specifically the original locations in western New York. I ordered the three meat combo and chose ribs, chicken, and pulled pork. The ribs fall right off the bone. My test for great barbecue chicken is whether it is tender enough for me to eat it just with a fork without a knife. It passes my test. Both the ribs and chicken also had great flavor. The pulled pork is solid but could have been slightly more, tender. In addition, I read great things about their sides and desserts. I had the potato salad which is good but not amazing. I was too full after the meat combo to try any other sides or the desserts.
If you want to walk there from the French Quarter, I recommend cutting through Crescent Park and walking to the end of it. It provides a great view of the river and will put you right by the Joint.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.This is the best barbeque in NOLA, hands down.  The Joint looks just like it sounds and the Barbeque is to die for.  If you're looking to take a break from the fried seafood and po-boys, head down to far reaches of the Bywater and look for the little yellow shack.
It's a small place with about seven tables inside, a few outside in the backyard, and one out front on the street.  No draft beer, but it was nice to see an assortment of Abitas available along with the Amber and the domestic stuff.  The food comes out quick, so don't fret at the sight of a line.  
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with a salad and mac'n'cheese.  The pulled pork had awesome flavor and was melt-in-your-mouth tender.  It was served up on a fresh roll with cole slaw and pickle slices.  I threw on the heavy sauce from the table and it was pure BBQ bliss.  The salad comes with a smoked tomato and onion dressing which would make a shoe sole taste good.  That's right, they put fresh tomato and onion slices in the smoker with the meat.  Now tell me that's not good!  The mac'n'cheese is rich and creamy without being too heavy.  It's the perfect side for BBQ in my opinion.
The only downside is the location.  The neighborhood is great, but I feel that it's really out of the way for anyone who lives outside of the Marigny/Bywater area.  I'm usually too lazy to drive out there and end up going to Squeal or Finns for BooKoo BBQ which are both pretty good, but The Joint is better.Best brisket I've ever had, the pork and ribs were both really good as well but the brisket is where it's at.  It is a little out of the way but it is more than worth the trip.I hate when people say things like "I'm from New York (or LA) and there is no good Chinese in New Orleans".
But....
I lived in Texas for the good part of 15 years and if The Joint is considered the best BBQ in New Orleans then THERE IS NO GOOD BBQ IN NEW ORLEANS.
Went with a friend that raves about the place (and travels around competing in BBQ competitions).  Got a two meat plate: ribs and brisket.
The brisket was dry as shoe leather and I threw most of it away.  The two pork ribs fell right off the bone, and not in a good way.  Needed tons of sauce to get them down.
The potato salad was good but so what, there are large chain grocery stores that make good potato salad.
Even at my favorite places in Texas there are days when the brisket (and other items) are off and that is just he nature of BBQ.  However, I doubt I'll be rushing to the Bywater to give this joint another try.This place is SO YUMMY!!! Granted, I feel like you can only get here if you either have a car, or take a cab since it's not really close to a big street and feels like its in the middle of a residential area. We didn't know exactly what we were getting ourselves into when we hopped in a cab and gave the driver this address. It's a small shack looking building, but you will be surprised inside. 
You can either sit at the bar and order there or go order at the register and grab a seat at on their nice wooden tables. The food came out pretty quickly after we ordered and we ate that the food so FAST. I got a combo plate where you can choose 2 dif kinds of meats and a side. I got brisket and ribs with a green salad. The prices are more than reasonable to me... I feel like food in NOLA is pretty cheap and the portions are huge. The meats were all very tasty and not dry. The brisket was cut into thick slices that were just... soooo good. The ribs had that BBQ charred taste that I am craving right now... 
They also have a couple different sauces that they bring. One is a habanero pineapple one that's the spiciest out of all of them, but I didn't like the pineapple part of it. I used the BBQ flavored one a lot, but note that their sauces are more watery and not thick. We were super stuffed at the end of the meal and they were nice enough to call us a cab because they said that we wouldn't be able to find one close to here. 
Great service, delicious BBQ, and full bar with sports on the TVs.... Def a place to visit.This place is ridiculously delicious. Must stop if you're in the area! We ordered some brisket and sausage and got the pulled pork sandwich. Also got the key lime pie. 10/10First night in New Orleans and we picked this place b/c of the reviews. It didn't disappoint. Pretty kid friendly - we had 4 kiddos with us. The beer selection is solid and the BBQ is really good. Lots of locals eating here too - that's usually a good sign.Would definitely recommend to anyone who's in the area! Taste is so original and very very good. Tried the mac n cheese, coleslaw, beans, ribs, chicken, pulled pork, and ribs! If you're a fan of either I recommend you try theirs!Not being a New Orleans resident, I guess I can't say that The Joint is THE BEST BBQ restaurant in the city. What I can say is this place serves up some awesome food! If I did live there I would definitely be one of their regular customers. LOVE IT!! LOVE IT!!Best ribs I've had in certainly many years, possibly my entire life. I am now enlightened, my soul uplifted. I will dream about the ribs.Great BBQ. This place is a bit off the beaten path. We took a bus to the resturant as we didn't rent a car for our trip and had to call a cab to get back as the bus timing was off. The BBQ pulled pork sandwich was the perfect amount for me for lunch, and I barely touched my sides. My husband had the brisket sandwich and ate most of my side. He said he could have eaten more but was happy with his portion side because he was not to full. The Mac&Cheese was really good. I had the coleslaw and it was very heavy with the onions so I was not the biggest fan.I had the beef brisket with mac and cheese. Very good BBQ  Brisket , a tad bit salty. Nice sauce. Baked beans were kind of soupy. Maybe it was a bad day. I don't know. Would definitely come here again.Two Meat Platter with one side for $13.50 I mean.... you just can't beat it. MORE THAN ENOUGH for one person. Had the brisket and the Chicken. And while the brisket was good, the Chicken was out of this world. So many flavors. A little lemon, herbs, brown sugar and that great smokey taste. Just fantastic! Accompanied by Mac and cheese which can never go wrong. Also, the vibe of the place was very welcoming and homey. Will def be back if I get the chanceThis is the best barbecue in New Orleans, without a doubt. The ribs are absolutely fantastic, but the pork and brisket are wonderful too. They have different styles of sauces, so if you're adventurous try them all,  but try the meats with no sauce too, you won't regret it.I so badly want to like this BBQ joint but.... I can't. And maybe it is because I am from Texas and have experienced some really awesome BBQ. 
The ribs were ok.... I was hoping the rub would have a nice spice to it but nope, nothing. Dull and bland. The meat was very moist and fell off the bone just as others state. I was hoping to try the chicken but they were sold out so make sure you come earlier in the day.
Again, sooo badly wanted to like the mac n' cheese but nothing special. Add some salt!
I will say the coleslaw was pretty fantastic and I hate coleslaw but this doesn't mean anything for a BBQ joint.Sitio top! Muy recomendable! Pedimos el combo de dos carnes (costillas y pollo) y estaba delicioso. Precio razonable y el personal muy agradable. El local es pequeñito y tiene una terraza en el interior muy cómoda. Como ya he dicho, muy recomendable!OMG!  Best BBQ ever in New Orleans area.  The food was excellent. The ribs, the brisket, the pulled pork and the potato salad are the must try!Had brisket, mac n cheese, and greens salad. Place was packed due to 4th of July holiday. Ribs sold out before I could try, but the brisket was tender and delish and the mac n cheese good too. Funky decor and outdoor seating. I enjoyed this Joint!I think I found my BBQ place!! I got the pulled pork and chicken, with mac & cheese and potato salad. My boyfriend got the sausage links and beef brisket. The food and sauce was sooooo delicious. It was to-go and they were really fast. Loved it! Definitely coming back again!Honestly, I'm only giving it 5 stars because 10 wasn't an option. This place is awesome. Amazing food, atmosphere, and friendly service. Easily some of the best bbq I've had in a long time. I got the rib/pulled pork combo with potato salad and Mac n cheese and I absolutely loved it. Well worth the drive or walk from French quarter/bourbon street. Didn't know until after but it was featured on diners drive ins and dives. Epic food!Delicious, meat was cooked perfectly. I don't even really like vinegar based BBQ that much but man this was goodIts actually pretty solid bbq. The service is very nice and quick. The bbq meat was good. Sausage, burnt ends and brisket. I only wish they didnt put sauce on the brisket and had more bbw sauce choices as the 3 they has fell on the vinegary and sweet side. Also quite pricey... Spent $90 for 3 meals and 3 alcoholic beverages. But still pretty ok. Also mustard sauce for sausage was really tasty!My husband and I are honeymooning in NOLA! I saw The Joint on Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives a while back and wanted to try it out while we were here. SO glad we did! Service was fast and the food was AMAZING! My husband had the ribs plate with baked beans and potato salad. The ribs literally fell off the bone! I had the 2 meat plate...pulled pork and sausage with mac & cheese and brisket chili. All I can say is WOW! The next time we find ourselves in New Orleans we will definitely be back.Loved it! Great atmosphere and great food! We had the brisket, pulled pork, and chicken. Everything was perfectly made and delicious. Would happily return!I had heard so many great things about this place so I had to come see for myself. Let's just say that I am not a BBQ person but THIS was good! I had the brisket sandwich with mac & cheese and it was so heavenly. Not only was the food amazing, but the staff was super sweet and friendly. Best part: there are two swings located in front of the restaurant for anyone who wants to revisit their childhood after the meal ~No good. Toooo greasy.  Not well fitted for BBQ at all. No taste. Stomach ache. No food is good to eat. We gave a try. We have had better. We didn't even finish. We left. I don't understand why people think this is such a great BBQ place.Best Bar B Que I had in 2012. I think this is a must for anyone visiting. There are so many great spots in Biwater but this is not to miss. Get the mac n cheese on the side. Come in hungry the portions are very generous.There is nothing better than needing to clean yourself off with a roll of paper towels after inhaling some delicious BBQ at The Joint. The brisket was so good!! Their mac and cheese was out of this world! The atmosphere and people were awesome and they had cool little chairs to sit outside and chill out. I would suggest something but I think you should get everything.Best brisket I think I've ever had in my life ... and I used to live in barbecue country. Definitely worth the trek to the Bywater.Great bbq. Hands down the best in NOLA. Small joint but it has charm, in the bywater.I asked my cabbie to take me to a BBQ joint he would go to.  He brought me here.  I ended up eating there three times before I left that week for lunch.  This is THE place to go have a real authentic NOLA BBQ experience, FO SHO...We came around 7:30pm and we got in just before the rush. We got the brisket plate and the half rack. The half rack was tender and juicy. I didn't love the dry rub on it but the tenderness more than made up for it. The brisket was good but not out of this world. The pieces that weren't dry were good but there was quite a bit of dry pieces. The Mac and cheese was alright- I actually found it to be a little dry as well. The food came out fast and service was great!After a random drive to St Bernard, my husband and I were hungry. A quick Yelp search turned up The Joint. Why not?
Since moving to New Orleans 7 months ago, we have yet to be wow'd by the cuisine options or prices. We try to eat pretty healthy, so many NOLA favorites aren't really our cup of tea, so we don't go out to eat much. I'll admit, I was apprehensive about getting BBQ because in many places that means loads of sticky sugary sauce. Why do they have to drain the meat in sauce? I had my fingers crossed when I ordered a two meat plate with pulled pork and Brisket. I was so happy when the guy placed our baskets on the table and there wasn't a drop of sauce, just good ole slow cooked smoked meat. 
Everything was well flavored without being over salty or sugary sweet. My husband got ribs and I didn't have to use a ton of napkins after I took a taste. The vinaigrette was very tasty for the green salad and the cole slaw was fresh, not a plop of mayonnaise with a few shreds of cabbage and carrot (I hate that!). I can appreciate the culinary integrity it takes not to F-up BBQ with over use of condiments. 
We got there a little before 5 and the place was pretty much empty, so we had our pick for seats. We sat in the cute outdoor area. The prices were fair for what you get, service was great and the food came out fast! Love! Love! Loved it! 
Snacking on cold leftover brisket now, so good. I don't want it to end. We'll definitely be back with friends.Preeety good, Joint, preeety good. You were my favorite for years...the only good BBQ in the city. If you're on this side of town and in the mood for BBQ, this is your spot. Get a combo plate and try out a bunch of their yummy meats and sides. Not spectacular BBQ by traditional standards, but a top 2 option in NOLA.Not really sure how this place has such high ratings (coming from someone who generally gives 5 star reviews). Came in and waited in line, and they announced as the person before us was ordering that they had run out of ribs (we came for ribs, but it's understandable that this happens-it's a restaurant at), so I settled with the pulled pork sandwich and mac n cheese. The pork was dry and bland, although the mac n cheese was tasty. The workers seemed more aggravated by our presence (a group of roughly 12) than anything else. Upon ordering they demanded that we say whether or not we were sitting together, but as we were not able to grab tables prior to eating (we were scolded for doing so as we did not see the small signs), we had no clue who we would be sitting with as the open tables were scattered across the restaurant. They blankly stared at us when we explained this. 
I can see how this could be a cool place for locals, but if you're from out of town and looking for a restaurant to give you an experience unique to New Orleans - there are others with equally neat features, friendlier staff, and more flavorful food.Quit reading and get down there quick. This is some of the best food I ever ate!!! We had the brisket, which was absolutely the best!!!! The sausages and the sauce are outrageously Devine, don't even get me started on the salad dressing. I could eat that salad every day!!! The Mac and cheese was thick gooey goodness!! I wish i could have eaten more and more and more!! Jason and I said we eat here over any fancy place you could find! Why can't this place be in Cali? LOVE IT!! Best place to eat in New Orleans hands down!There was a line on 7/4. They were out of ribs so we got chicken, pulled pork , brisket and sausage. The brisket was not as tender as stated in the other reviews but still good. The pulled pork was very good. The sides were agin good, maybe they had so much business this day they had to rush.You should absolutely come here if you're visiting NOLA. All my visitors have LOVED this BBQ and said it's the best they've had. The drinks are great, the sides, the pulled pork, the ribs, everything! Well worth the trip to the Bywater.The service was great! The server was attentive and refilled our drinks! Their own personal sauce for the brisket was definitely worth the drive here!So yummy.
I had the "W" special which had brisket, pulled pork and 2 ribs with a side of coleslaw, what looked like a piece of Wonder bread and pickles.
The meat was seriously juicy and delicious.  Though I usually hate Wonder bread, it came in handy (and tasted delicious) when mopping up BBQ sauce.  Sweet tea is awesome as well.
They have indoor and outdoor (back patio) seating, street parking and a clever little sign outside their door that said "Eat some BBQ, you're too skinny!"  Now  go!Fantastic bbq. The brisket has a great smoke ring and the 3 sauces are delicious and varied so most everybody is satisfied. The cocktails are good and STRONG and decently cheap. I'd live here.Okay. Not the best BBQ but it'll do the trick. Nice warm atmosphere and people.im a bbq fanatic and was on the hunt for the best in Louisiana.. THIS IS NOT THE PLACE. i had the ribs, sausage, potato salad, and coleslaw. the ribs fell off the bone (..completely) and not in a good way. i didn't even eat one whole sausage, the coleslaw was vinegar-y and bland, and the potato salad was flavorless. maybe, being from Texas, I'm a bit over-critical of my bbq... but it's BBQ. If there's anything in life to be critical over it's bbq. disappointed.For a city not known for its BBQ, it is incredible to me that this restaurant is far superior to every other BBQ restaurant I've been to. My boyfriend's parents saw this place on an episode of DDD, so we thought we'd stop by to try it out before spending the day in the French quarter of New Orleans. Holy moly, was that one of the highlights of my spring break! 
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich on a bun with coleslaw and a side of Mac and cheese. The pork was juicy and tender, with a smokey flavor you can't get often. There is a house-made BBQ sauce on each table that you can add, and though pretty runny, it is also the best BBQ sauce I've ever had. The coleslaw kept the sandwich very moist and added nice flavors, and the bun was pretty soft. The Mac and cheese was thick and delicious, and had the familiar flavors of homemade mac and cheese. 
This place was an incredible find by Guy and we were very glad we got to stop by! I know my boyfriend's parents will definitely be back often, and I hope I get to come back, too!This is the best BBQ I've ever eaten. We got the three meat combo and brisket sandwich, mac n cheese and salad. The salad dressing was fantastic. The smoked tomato flavor reminded me of a fresh salsa, but creamy and a great addition to mixed greens. The mac n cheese was perfectly cooked and rich. The flavors and textures of all the different meats and sides worked in perfect combination with each other. But the beef brisket really shined. The flavor was incredible, the meat literally melts in your mouth. I'd highly recommend trying this place even if you aren't a fan of BBQ. Well done!This place is nice little dive with Amazing BBQ. Pulled pork and beans are a must here. My boyfriend and I always get lunch here when we are in town. You can't beat their amazing food. Everything is cooked there. The smokers for their ribs and such is out back. Awesome review on Diner,Drive-ins and Dives! LOVE IT!After a rough night on Bourbon Street, my buddy and I needed a joint... or should I say THE joint, because the magic this place puts into their food should be illegal. It's one thing to hear about the studies that say some foods can be as addictive as drugs due to your brain releasing pleasure inducing chemicals such as dopamine... it's another thing entirely to experience it for yourself. That's what The Joint does to you.
We went on a Saturday morning; it was a good crowd without being too busy, though that could have been due to the music festival in the French Quarter drawing away the masses. Upon reaching the friendly and helpful gentleman at the register, we both ordered the 2 meat platter, with ribs, brisket, pulled pork, beans, and mac between us. The whole place is self seating, but as long as the weather is nice, there's plenty of room between the inside and out. The food came out pretty quickly, and for the next 10 minutes it was culinary bliss. The meat was succulent and flavorful (pulled pork was my favorite), and paired very well with the available sauces. While the sides didn't blow my mind, they were good enough not to knock off points. Value is also appreciated here; you really get a good amount of food for the money you spend. 
Full disclosure, I want to give The Join 4.5 stars. The loss of a star is no fault of their own; it's just hard to rate a BBQ place with 5 when you've weathered your palate in the fires of hill country. While the brisket may not quite measure up to the legends residing in Austin, however, The Joint does serious justice to the world of BBQ, and is a destination worthy of your time and money.If only we got there sooner, but the food was delicious. Totally worth the wait, great meal for the $. I will go out of my way to drive through regular people New Orleans. Working class neighborhoods in various states of.....states. Staff is awesome and the peanut butter pie is yes so hard!!!!
Brisket, pulled pork, Mac n cheese, coleslaw.  Mac Tea from the bar. Seating up next to the smoker pit if you are chilly(?!?!)I give this place a SOLID 4.5 stars, but not quite 5. This place serves DAMN GOOD BBQ, but I must confess, there's just something missing.
My padna turned me on to this place and I've eaten here drunk and I've eaten here sober. Either way, it hits the spot. You walk in and wait in line to order and they bring your food out to you. They have indoor and outdoor seating as well. The outdoor patio is rather nice with some areas of it decorated with plants and it's quite pleasant out there. They also have a small bar area with 5 taps, which was being worked on last time I was there to add an additional 6 taps!
Now to the food. The ribs are AMAZING. Most of the time, you can pull the bone right out away from the meat. The pulled pork is nice and tender and juicy. The brisket could've been more tender, though, and the chicken was a little on the mushy side. Their sausage that they serve is just.... so good that it can't be compared to any sausage I've ever had. Especially with a dab of that sauce they give you. The only sides I've tried were the baked beans (which were a little stiff) and the potato salad, which I liked. And I don't even LIKE potato salad!
The one thing that is missing hit me yesterday. This place tastes good, but to me, at least, and to others in my party, it was missing something. I SMELL all that smoke flavoring, but  I wasn't tasting much of it.
They leave different types of bbq sauce at the tables for you to add to your liking. The regular bbq sauce is tangy and good, but a bit watery. They also have a malt vinegar sauce with pepper that was pretty good and I think one time I went here there was a mango sauce that was just amazing with my brisket.
It is definitely worth a few dollars to check this place out. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but on the inside, you'll find good food, great friendly staff and quick service.Great BBQ and sides, hearty portions. Well priced. Clean, friendly atmosphere
 Fast service! Come hungry!!Incredible ribs, and a super fatty brisket with some surprisingly deep, almost mushroom-y flavor. The potato salad and baked bean sides were incredible. Skip the mac-n-cheese. You'll be full of goodness on less than $20.Awesome BBQ spot. In a town famous for the quality of its food, The Joint certainly fulfills that expectation. No frills, no hype, just awesome food. Pulled pork & pork ribs get praise from most, & they were delicious, but don't sleep on the brisket. Tender flesh with a nice proportion of char & fat makes it a wonderful combination of textures, but the flavor is the real pleasure. Pulled pork sandwich with one side was $7.50, which is an absolute steal! Three-meat combo with one side was about $15, which isn't bad at all either. They also have a full bar with Sazerac & Old Fashioned available (among others). We just had an Arnold Palmer, so can't speak to the quality of the bar. Highly recommended!Never eaten INSIDE but we have gotten take out a solid number of times for our office (work through lunches) and the Joint never disappoints. We drive across Metairie just to pick it up (enough said). Definitely recommend getting a little of everything and sharing. Portions are generous and definitely worth their pricing.I would eat here every day if I could, and die in the most blissful cardiac arrest. Their pulled pork and brisket are debatably the best I've ever had. Not just in a restaurant but ever in my life. The history of earth perhaps. Also the barbeque sauce they serve whips ass. Go there and eat their food if you are going through or if you are one of the blessed folk who live in the area. It's to die for.I cant believe I havent written a review for this place yet. OMFG!! I was recommended this place by a local. "I dont really eat meat with feet" says me walking in, but OMG the chicken is so frickin good. You have to eat it. If you are reading this review, you need to put your iDevice down, get in your car, on your bike, skateboard, rollerblades, sneakers, iceskates, whatever- and go eat the chicken. and when youre done, eat the ribs, and when your done with that, go home, digest and go back and eat more chicken. it's that good.
O yeah, the outside seating is really sweet too.This place is amazingg!! The 3 meat platter is the best way to go. The pulled pork, and ribs are delicious but my favorite is the beef brisket it literally melts in your mouth. The beans are really good to and there's something about that Mac n cheese that has a great kick to it. 
Everytime I come to visit this awesome town I always make sure to stop here for a GREAT meal!! It never disappoints.I've been fortunate enough to travel pretty extensively in my life, so I've had my fair share of BBQ over the years. Any time I'm in or around the south, I'm basically a non stop journey to try ALL THE BBQ!!!!! (!!!!). I mean, I could literally throw down BBQ every meal and it really is so different depending on where you are, so it's always exciting. 
I was in New Orleans visiting a friend who lives near the Bywater area, so when we were looking for some good food for dinner, her boyfriend suggested The Joint. I will be forever grateful to him for this suggestion-- like, if he needs a kidney someday, I'm in. 
First of all, The Joint is in Bywater, so it's not a place that's going to necessarily be overrun by French Quarter tourists, since it's a bit of a jaunt to get there. Still, if you're from out of town. . . get there. The neighborhood is cute, full of your typical Marigny/Bywater colorful houses and culture. The Joint itself is easy to miss, but once you go in, it's just perfect. The decor is great, it's comfy and casual but not messy. There's some seating inside, some outside-- but not a ton either way. Still, both times we went (more on that later), there was seating available.
My friend told me that The Joint had the best brisket she's ever had in her life, so I triumphantly marched up to place my order for a two meat plate with ribs and brisket. . . only to be told they were out of brisket (it was late at night, so I won't hold that against them). I switched out pulled pork for the brisket, got mac and cheese as a side, and ordered some peanut butter pie for desert. 
The Ribs: PHENOMENAL. Like, totally just falling off the bone, crusty glaze in all the best ways, and super flavorful and moist. Seriously, get the ribs. They don't even need any additional sauce or anything, imho.
The Pork: REALLY delicious. I threw some of their vinegar-based BBQ sauce all over it and it got even better. Flavorful, moist, and generally wonderful.
Mac and Cheese: Eh. I love me some Mac and Cheese, but I found this one to be a little bland. I'm a big fan of Mac with lots of spices (think: with some pepper jack in it or maybe loaded with cajun spices a la Tony's). This one was fine, it just wasn't anything to write home about.
Peanut Butter Pie: It was alright. I mean, first of all, I was already full from the piles of meat I just stuffed into my gaping maw, so there's that. The pie was good, just nothing particularly notable.
Anyway, the point is that the meat was so good that it more than made up for the mediocre sides. So good, in fact, that we went back a few days later for lunch. This time, the brisket was mine. I got:
Brisket: It was very good, not going to lie. I honestly think I may have liked the pork better though, but it is a toss up.  The brisket did need a healthy slathering of BBQ sauce, IMHO.
Ribs: Just as good as last time, if not better. Seriously, get the freaking ribs.
Baked Beans: VERY good. I think there might be some jalapeno in there, since it's got a bit of a kick. 
The point is: go to The Joint, it's freaking wonderful. And get the ribs. You're welcome. I'm a food lover and I have no idea how anybody could give this place anything short of 5 stars. Easily the best BBQ I've ever had.Much hyped BBQ spot in new Orleans. Bit of a distance from hotel but turned out to be worth it.  2 meat combo with briscit and hot links. Mac and cheese and beans for sides. Briscit was pretty fatty but still good.  Hot links were perfect. Plenty of beers on tap, indoor and outdoor seating.Oh my god, I'm originally from Chicago and I go down to NOLA once a year to volunteer. This is my go to place! It is AMAZING; the ribs are fall of the bone, the brisket tastes so good, and the sausage! Man my mouth is watering just thinking about this place! I also tried their Daiquiri VERY strong but otherwise good. I will keep coming back whenever I'm in NOLA.This place lived up to the reviews! The atmosphere was unique and the people were nice. The food was Nearly as good as Texas BBQ!! Have the ribs....amazing and I'm not even a rib person!This place is legit! I'm from Los Angeles so saying this is the best bbq I've had is not credible...butttttt it's pretty f******** good! the sides are amazing, from the salad to the greens to the Mac n Cheese & baked beans. as far as meats, the brisket is phenomenal and baby back ribs are delicious as well. great drink selection too. Oh and there is a kitty outside in the patio...super friendly! Feed him to make em happy!!!This place doesn't mess around.  Having spent 6 years in NC, I can say with confidence that The Joint can hang with some of the best BBQ I've had in the South.  Rode by this place on a Confederacy of Crusiers bike tour and our guide recommended we check it out.  I took his advice and made the trek out to the Bywater on a Saturday afternoon (if you're near the Convention Center or French Market, the 5 bus will take you right there).
I went for a combo that came with good-sized portions of brisket, pulled pork and BBQ ribs.  The ribs and pulled pork were fantastic, and the brisket was pretty flavorful.  Mac and cheese side was satisfying, while the green salad left a little to be desired (although the dressing was actually really good).  The sweet tea was refreshing and just the way I like it...mostly sugar.
The building itself is pretty ramshackle, but that adds to its overall charm in my opinion.  They have some tables and chairs in the backyard next to the monstrous smoker, which is nice if the weather's agreeable.  I did see that they were moving to a nearby location soon though, so not sure how that'll compare.Best BBQ I've had in New Orleans! I live on the Westbank and make the trip out here on occasion for the delicious food. Great sized portions and great staff and servers. I suggest it for anyone who wants a good, filling meal with some left for lunch the next day!This is reason enough to fly from SF for the day!  loved the food, the sweet tea is as expected: phenomenal! Get the pulled pork and take it out back, its very comfortable!!!The food was awesome but the service was terrible and we were surrounded by flies. It was difficult to enjoy our meals.if there is better BBQ in NOLA, I don't know where it would be....
The Joint is infamous for being the best and it isn't because they are slinging slop drenched in sauce. 
Visiting this place a year ago, I decided to just pick up a  brisket sandwich to-go.  I truly wasn't expecting to be floored by the flavor of a smoked beef brisket (didn't even add the bbq sauce).  I was actually driving when I had my first bite and nearly ran off the road on Esplanade.....good lord I've never had meat so tender that it almost melts in your mouth (as it melts your brain).  It hurdles you into a happy place and forces you to slow down and appreciate what you're experiencing.  
Next time, I played it safe and had the brisket / pork basket at the bar....its worth it to experience the great staff and eclectic art. 
Mac n Cheese!!! Cole slaw (very simple flavors not lathered in mayo, but a vinaigrette that pulls all the flavor of cabbage) that is amazing.
They have a great BBQ sauce that compliments their meats, but they also have a dijon / mayo that words cannot describe that is full of zesty garlic (try it)AMAZING!!!!! Everything is delicious! Great little Bywater restaurant and the price is right as well. The BBQ is truly delicious.The Joint is in the middle of no where and was the first spot we hit up after we arrived at the airport.  I got the W special, which comes with pulled pork, beef brisket, and two ribs.  The pork and brisket were good, but of the three meats, I enjoyed the ribs the most.  They literally fell off the bone and when you soak it in their bbq sauce, it's even better.  The two sides I got were mac n cheese and baked beans.  The mac was okay, not the greatest I've had, but the baked beans were really good.
Whoever is in the area should go here, it's a good spot for quick bbq foods.  It's in the middle of a neighborhood and there's plenty of street parking.  The place looks like a shack from the outside, but don't be discouraged.This was our first time eating at The Joint. The food was pretty good but the service was awful. We ordered our food to go bc we weren't sure of the accommodations, however once arriving realized there was seating both in and outside. However the waitress so rudely told us "You can't eat here if you order your food to go you must leave". After explaining the situation she said "it doesn't matter you have to leave". Of course this escalated to us speaking with management. I will never return to this establishment.Excellent bbq. They had collards tonight which were awesome.  Macncheese was eh.  Beans were very tasty. Brisket ribs and pulled pork were very very worthy.  I liked two of their sauces.  Now I am so full.....It is time for a review update. 
I absolutely hated this place when I first came. There are many things I still don't like about it. I suppose I could simply say I hate the hipster/gutter punk/wacky liberal community. Who very much runs the place and patronizes the joint. But that wouldn't be fair to discriminate against all those people, more so I sort of end up viewing this place as a form of cultural appropriation, a co-optation of a food and cuisine invented and perfected by a much different class of individuals. But then again, it's the year 2011. Fact of the matter is, years ago,  Black slaves created a cuisine born out of oppression and poor ingredients that is well to die for. One can only hope society can show some form of flattery by at least attempting to mimic this fine cuisine. 
I recently returned after Krewe De Vieux. I admittedly had a healthy serving of four loko right before, and was feeling famished (as well as inebriated) . That being said it was delicious. One of there sauces seems to be mostly vinegar, I love vinegar. I had pulled pork, mac and cheese, and beans. Beans sucked, they tried to make it to fancy, when in reality they should just stick to thick saucy sugary beans. But everything was spot on, and filled with flavors seemingly unique to this places recipe. 
After that experience I will certainly be back again, and hopefully the food will be just as good. Even if ultimately the existence of the place can anger and confuse me, as illustrated by my first paragraph.The brisket was SO good. This is definitely one of the best BBQ places to go in New Orleans for real BBQ food. It's a bit outside the French Quarter, so you may want to take a cab if that's where you're staying.
It's extremely informal and casual; you go up and order at a counter and they call your name when your food is done and then bring it over to the table. The food came out pretty quickly and everything was delish. Check this place out if you want authentic food!Dear God. Talk about living up to the hype.
Our family ate at Domenica, August, and Petite Grocery, and at the end of the trip, this was the restaurant nobody could stop talking about.
The brisket was excellent. The pulled pork was world class (pro tip: mix it with the mac and cheese and plenty of sauce.) The ribs were the best I've had in my life and it's not close. Granted, I'm just a Northerner, but holy shit. This is the stuff that dreams are made of.
Yes, it's way off the beaten track, but god damn is it worth the trip. Yes, you might have to wait for a table or squeeze to get everybody in, but it's worth the squeeze. Yes, it's a dive, but in all the fun, relaxed ways, and none of the poorly-lit or creepy ways.
I only wish I had two stomachs so I could have had more ribs.Very happy we went here, BBQ as it should be excellent dinnerAfter all the talk about this place I finally took some time to check it out.
Location: Small place but surprisingly you can find a seat even at lunch time, not sure how its possible but it happens. Not much parking, its mainly residential and its next to the Navy Base also across the street from Jack Dempsy's.  
Food: Was delicious. Im not a big BBQ eating type, but I thoroughly enjoyed the pulled pork. It wasn't too sweet and overkill of bbq sauce. It was just right and if I needed more sauce I could put the amount I wanted on it my self.  The macaroni and cheese was delicious and thick just like I prefer it.
I will definitely go back for some more of that pulled pork. Prices aren't bad either.Very good BBQ place, highly recommended for the ribs so I went and got a three meat plate. Enjoyed the ribs but for me the hands down winner was the brisket! It was the best I have ever had, hot tender and melt in your mouth with flavor! Also had a frozen watermelon mojito which was unexpected but a perfect pairing and a steel for only $9 since it was huge! Definitely will be back.I rarely give 5 stars reviews.....
That being said.... WOW!!
This is the real deal. You smell the meat smoking as you park. The aroma only draws you in. 
Inside the door, a nice, casual atmosphere.  No fancy chef'fing going on. It's just homey and inviting. You order at the register, and the guy was super friendly and nice as we changed our order a couple of times while standing in front of him. It was 5pm, so they weren't busy yet. Went in back where there are picnic benches and other tables. Clean washrooms, big. 
THE FOOD: WOW. I mean WOW. Had brisket, chicken, pulled pork, and Sides of Mac and cheese, potato salad, and Smokey corn grits. 
The meats were ALL tender, juicy, moist, delicious, smokey, scrumptious, and perfect. I could individually break them down but it would all be great. 3 kinds of sauces. I liked the sweet and the hot one. There was a vinegary one, but I didn't care for it. 
Potato salad: red potatoes WITH skin, and light mayo, white pepper. Just right. Not SOAKED in mayo, but just FLAVORED with it. 
Smokey corn grits: this was a sides special on the board, and I gotta say, hope it becomes a regular item. Flavorful, savory and again, perfect. 
Mac and cheese: usually not my thing, but they were great. 
Also had key lime pie for dessert. Tart/sweet flavor was delicious,, graham cracker crust was superb, whip cream on it. A great way to end a great meal!
This is the real. 
BBQ
LOVE!!Good was tasty, staff very friendly. Got a table easily (Monday at about 12:20) and it wasn't too far off the beaten path.
I ordered the brisket and it was amazing. The potato salad was my favorite. Second only to the beans. Macaroni was a bit glumpy - but very delicious. The corona with a lime topped it off. Key lime pie was homemade and fantastic. Definitely recommend for a great BBQ experience in Nola!!Just what we expected it to be! The service was fast and the beer ice cold. Thank you for satisfying out BBQ craving!Whoever thinks this place does not have some of the best bbq ever is CRAZY!! JK. But I would look sideways at anyone who doesn't appreciate the love and care and integrity these guys put into their food. It's excellent grub and the staff is made of good, cool people, too. This is one of my favorite places on Earth.I can only give this place a five start because that's what it deserves. We had ribs, sausage, and beef brisket, and it was great!!! I LOVE the ribs and it was probably the best BBQ ribs that I ever had in my life.  The meat was so juicy and soft.  So sad we are only visiting here. Wish we had a place back home! Definitely going to come back when we visit next time!Whoa!  So good it'll make you cry. We almost didn't come here, but the place we wanted to go was closed(!)  Wouldn't that have been a shame?  Totally worth the cab ride -- it's a bit out of the way.  The ribs were out of this world -- tender-falling-off-the-bone good.  They have both sweet and spicy-vinegar sauces.  Not too busy the weekend *after* the Fourth of July.  Definitely worth it even if it's crowded.  
Watch out for the Naval base next door -- my wife was taking photos because she didn't realize what it was -- a cop came out and gave her a hard time.  Eek.Good BBQ, but not the best in town by a long shot (I recommend McClure's, unless you're at a parade and you happen to run into the Wittle's Vittles (I think??) BQQ cart). 
Mac n cheese is great, brisket is my favorite of their meats.Why did it take me SO long to get to The Joint?
Me and a friend came here for lunch after I told him that I had never experienced the magic of The Joint. It was a Monday, at around 1, so the place was fairly empty and there was no line. I walked up to the counter and decided to get the pulled pork sandwich topped with cole slaw and mac and cheese. This is my usual "go to" barbecue place meal and I think a pretty good way to judge how good a barbecue restaurant is.
My order came out super fast and I was so excited to dig in. Check out the picture of me at The Joint under my profile pics- all smiles. Well, DANG! This pulled pork was juicy and flavorful and didn't need a bit of sauce, y'all. The cole slaw added the perfect amount of crispiness to it and it tasted beyond fresh. The mac and cheese was out of this world. It was super cheesy with a little hint of smoke to it.
I would never call myself any type of barbecue expert, but I think this place is pretty awesome. I love the "down home" atmosphere, the family style seating and the amazing food. I can see why so many people are in love with this place and I am now a member of that club.That's the joint, that's the jam. Turn that shit up, play it again.  
That's what keeps running through my mind when I think of 'The Joint.'  
This place is small so be prepared if you come here and aint no seats anywhere. First come first serve.  We took our stuff togo. Park off the street, plenty of parking and didnt have to worry about meter maids.  Cash and credit is accepted.
Service peeps are friendly and great.
BBQ chicken was good so I can speak for that, the mac and cheese had creole seasoning in it for some kick.  I want to go back bc my friend keeps raving about it.  I have to watch the fat intake though so give me a few months to recover from the holidays aight?
Bus stop is right in front of this place.  Cash and credit, not good for large groups bc seats are limited.3.5 stars.  For all the hullabaloo this place was a bit disappointing but perhaps my hopes were too high.  The brisket was very good but the pulled pork was just OK.  The sides are excellent though, in particular the baked beans which were hands down the best baked beans I've ever had.My best friend and went on a road trip last may Bos to NOLA and we were really excited about all the food we were going to get to experience. We went to The Joint twice in our three day stay in the Big Easy and we left wanted to come back every time!OK, I love the brisket, sausage, and Barbeque sauce..best smoked meat in town.  nice atmosphere...except..why is the bar so big?  I would give this place 5stars if their sides wern't such an after thought. I have never has such bad sides at any Barbeque restaurant-ever.
terrible beans, mediocre potatoe salad, ok cole slaw...Where are the fries, stuffed baked potato, home made beans, corn fritters,garlic bread..Come on guys, you can do better than this.
don't you ever check out your competition?  Watch the Food Channel...please get some decent sides!
Your fans deserve better!Best bar-b-que place in NOLA! Nice and attentive staff and food that will have you licking your fingers!Super solid BBQ. I'm a sucker for the pulled pork and baked beans. If I get another meat in addition to the pulled pork, I get the beef brisket. It's super tender and has a delicious trim of fat running along the bottom of each piece. They have a variety of sauces on each table to satisfy your saucy desires - bbq, vinegar, sweat and spicy.
They atmosphere is a pleasant mixture of texas smoke house meets bywater dr. bob deco. On a nice day, I recommend sitting outside on the back patio and soaking in the smells of the massive smoker out back.
4 stars, not 5, because although this is the best BBQ you'll get in New Orleans and surrounding area, there is definitely better BBQ to be had out of state. If you're in the area and have a hankering for some meat, definitely go check it out!Wow. All I can say is wow. The food has gotten better at every restaurant since we got here. I was skeptical because of the neighborhood and coming from Los Angeles you wouldnt expect something like this but I would definitely recommend this to anyone who visits New Orleans.A million stars. Everything is great, all of the time. Usually very solid but limited taps.Ok so this place is a must!!! My partner was craving BBQ ribs so we asked a few NOLA locals where o find it! They all suggested the Joint! It's a little bit off the beaten track if you're a tourist staying in the French Quarter but it was a cheap $11 taxi ride there! Tip: either ask your taxi driver to come back at a certain time or call one because there won't be many around! I definitely recommend the ribs and the potato salad! Very generous serving so don't be silly like us and over order!Louisiana knows how to BBQ!! Throws Texas right out of the water. I'd at one point driven to Lockheart, Texas, the middle of nowheretown to get reputably one of the best BBQ in the south, but now I know, that The Joint is #1. 
Get the full rack of ribs and a pint of their baked beans ($27.95) and share them with friends. Pass on the mac and cheese, because you'll wonder why they didn't add more milk or cheese to make it creamier. Also, get a plate of Beef Brisket ($12.50) because you will get more meat than the sandwich version ($9.00). Choose 1 side of potato salad, and despite my warnings, you will choose the mac n cheese because it sounds so homey. You will regret it and wished you got the coleslaw instead.
Depending on how crowded it is, you can get it takeout, and they will include a large container of BBQ sauce. It's an authentic, flavorful sauce that isn't full of thickening agents, so you might not be used to it at first. Or you can try to find a table and eat to your heart's content, gazing upon the unique and interesting tattoos the servers have. 
You leave satisfied that you had one of the best BBQs ever. Meat falling off the ribs; beef brisket melting in your mouth. No other BBQ places will ever come as close.Smokey, falling off the bone, melt in your mouth ribs. Possibly the best I have ever eaten. Cheap cocktails. Wonderful neighborhood.  What more can you ask for?
This is definitely worth a trip out for tourists. And for locals, you are lucky!!Best all-around BBQ and side dishes and service
Thank you for being there and cooking your fabulous foodUm yes. Everything. About this place, yes. In a secluded part of the bywater, on the corner where you wouldn't even think twice. 
I got the pulled pork platter and my boyfriend got the two meat platter. Everything was on point. Drinks were basic but delicious. I would eat there everyday if I could. Go to Bachanal afterwards for wine.The best pulled pork sandwich I have ever had! My bf had the ribs and they were outstanding as well.I loved the baked beans best in the south, the ribs were good and there service was good as well will visit another timeI was told this place has the best bbq in town and let me tell you they weren't lying. Great food and great service. I will be back real SoooooonReview from July 2015. 
Off the beaten track, local backyard feel. Think Freddy's BBQ Joint in House of Cards. Grab a Grenade/Fat Tuesday Daiquiris from Bourbon St. and walk about 30 minutes east through colonial French and Spanish inspired Bywater residential area to this nonchalant neighborhood smokehouse. Sit out back near the smoker, drink beer out the can and feed the stray cat.
Recommendation: ribs (obviously) + coleslaw (awesome)The ribs here were cooked really well. I ordered 4 and then more afterward. The server was also a really nice guy. BUT the sides weren't that good and that kind of ruined it. The baked beans weren't sweet enough and the wrong consistency. The Mac and cheese was kind of hard, cold, and not that tasty. And really the potato salad was just ok average.I love this place! Don't go at noon as it's mobbed with people from the military but after one, it's cool but the BBQ is hot! It's a funky place with great lemonade but it's the BBQ meats that shine here. It's much better than the majority of BBQ establishments in NOLA except for maybe Corky's. But hey, that's really a Memphis estalishment with a New Orleans (Metairie) outpost. So if you want to call this the best New Orleans based BBQ, that's OK with me.My stomach was on strike too many consecutive days of Cajun seafood. I suddenly got a craving for some BBQ. I pulled out the Yelp app, and found The Joint. The food was really good! It definitely satisfied my craving. I got a big thing of pork ribs, some beans and mac. Everything was excellent. The rub on the ribs was super flavorful, and I enjoyed both sides. Next time I'll have to try the brisket.WHOOOOO-EEEEEEE!!! If you like meat, and BBQ in particular, this is your spot. A tiny place located far off the beaten path (make sure you have a cab's number to call afterwards since you won't be able to move once the feeding frenzy is over), this is Louisiana BBQ at its finest. The Joint is a small, hot room with sticky picnic tables in close proximity to each other, with memorabilia commemorating previous food orgies with pigs. 
But enough about the ambience. Let's be perfectly clear. A lot of people will talk brisket, and chicken and even pulled pork when they speak of the Joint. But ohhh no..... this place is all about the RIBS. Fall of the bone, perfectly seasoned, nicely BBQ'd pork ribs. Mmmmm mmmm!!! Couple that with a side of mac n' cheese and ice cold Abita and you;ve got yourself some good eatin'. Highly recommended.I love bbq.
I'm from Alabama -- and I gotta say I've had better barbecue at dozens of places (Archibalds, Dreamland, Bob Gibsons, Whitts, etc). That being said the joint is good! Especially for Nola bbq standards. 
Idk honestly the meats can be hit or miss. I dunno if it's because they reheat or what but it's sometimes a bit dry. This happens least often with the chicken (especially if you get the dark meat. Being bone in helps). I tend to cure the dryness by dousing it in barbecue sauce because I love condiments. 
The beans are awesome and so is the tater salad. The slaw is pretty bland....I wouldn't get the salad. Lol prob shouldn't eat here if you're vegetarian (obviously). 
Why four stars with the sometimes mediocre meat? Consistently good atmosphere and service and at the end of the day it's still barbecue which is smoked deliciousness even on a dry day.... AND sometimes, it's perfect. If I could figure out their cooking schedule maybe they'd get elusive star number 5!Great place to grab a fulfilling bite. The meat just falls off the bone. Mmmmbuy it by the plate or by the pound.   
you can smell the bbq all over the neighborhood. 
this is some slow cooked goodnessReally cool place with really good BBQ.  I think I might actually like the sides here better than the BBQ.  This would be a first at a BBQ place.  Usually, the sides are an afterthought or are downright terrible.  I loved the baked beans.  I don't know what they put in them but they are not to be missed.  They weren't sweet.  In fact, nothing was buried in sugar.  All the food was well balanced except for maybe the rub on the ribs.  I also loved the potato salad.  It was perfect.  Red potatoes with the skin on and a bit of mustard.  Terrific.
I ordered the 3 meat plate.  I got double ribs (four) and pulled pork.  I would have been fine with 2 ribs.  They were very good, well cooked and a nice cut with a good amount of fat.  They're rich so two would be fine.  The rub was heavy for me and a little salty after awhile.  The pulled pork was tender and juicy and fatty for sure.  This is really rich BBQ so less is more.  I really liked the sauces.  Again, not sweet, plenty of spice and tang.  BBQ isn't spicy but if you want yours to be, they have a Habanero sauce that I passed on.  
I would come back again and try the chicken and sausage but what I'll really come back for are the sides.Hands down the best ribs I've had in a restaurant, period.  Great taste, and falling off the bone.  
For those of us who don't like to consume our weight in meat during one sitting, they have meals with just four ribs and you can order single ribs on the side.  I really appreciate that. 
My friend got the W Special and really enjoyed everything.
The sides are fantastic. The coleslaw has more of a vinegar base rather than a cream base; just the way I like it.  The potato salad is great and so are the baked beans. That being said, this is not a place for herbivores, so be warned.
They were really busy but the service was efficient.  We found a seat outside no problem and sipped on our ice-cold Abitas while waiting.
The only downside was the tables/chairs (outside, not sure about inside) were pretty dirty.  That's OK, I guess it's part of the "picnic" experience.
Can I say I must live under a rock?  I had no idea The Joint had been on the Food Network.  When I decided to go here, I was so proud of myself because I thought I was going to a little unknown neighborhood spot. You Yelpers are always so up on things!Seriously probably the best BBQ I've had in my entire life, and I've had a decent amount of BBQ. I stop here to get ribs any chance I possibly getThese folks really know how to cook. Been here 20 plus times in the last three winters and only had one miss. Spectacular and varied sides, perfect chicken and good meat. Reasonable bar too.My husband and I both agree this place is a dud. The food was cold and tough. We didn't even go near the sides they looked so unappetizing. The outside tables weren't clean. The staff wasn't particularly friendly. Wouldn't go back or recommend.Great little barbecue place. I was looking for some in New Orleans. Not the best I would say but good!!
Their brisket is delicious though and their ribs are so so which I was sad about because that's what I came for. 
Had the cornbread, was a little dry. 
Coleslaw was very vinegary but was enjoyable. 
Nice quick meal.The Joint is da shit!  Best BBQ in Nola....the ribs, pulled pork, beans & potato salad are the BEST!  These guys don't play....The Joint is a little shack and the smokers are out back & smoking all day!  A definite must when in Nawlins!Visiting a friend, first night in town, I came here and absolutely loved it! The ribs were so on point! Tasted just like how I've been taught to make them! Also the outdoor seating is beautiful.