Live jazz band and free ice water that was the highlight of the experience. The gator was half cooked and elastic. We asked the waiter and she said, it looks like it needs to be put back on the fryer but never took them back or took them off the bill. ALso had the crawfish buns and they were super dry and a small crawfish inside. At night it gets better due to the live Jazz band + Please tip they dont work for the restaurant.
Its a tourist trapI enjoyed the Market Cafe, but I thought the place next door was a bit better to the degree that it warranted a lower score.
I went with the taste of New Orleans, which is a cup each of gumbo, shrimp creole, red beans and rice and jambalaya. It was very filling but somehow $20 seemed a bit pricey; though individually the cups are in the area of $6-7 so in those terms I guess it was a bargain.  The gumbo and shrimp creole were the better of the two while the rice and beans and jambalaya seemed a little flat to me.
The service was a little slow for a not too busy time but the waitress was very friendly which made it more bearable.
The band was talented and made the overall experience worth it.This was a restaurant which was so easy to get to. The outside area was pretty packed so we decided to go in... we ordered the alfredo pasta with chicken.  (cooked perfectly) It is pretty big, so it's best to share that. My son ate the fried oysters and wanted MORE! So they must have been pretty good! The prices were very reasonable and the service inside was good.Popped in to escape the suffocating heat and have a mid-afternoon espresso. We stayed by the bar and chatted to the eccentric but charming barista -- who makes a mean espresso, by the by. There was a live band playing on the outside terrace (though it's partly covered and has a fair amount of shade, which I'm sure is appreciated if you choose to sit out there), but it was perfectly audible from inside and we had a lovely -- albeit unremarkable -- experience. My only complaint: it's very, very overpriced... seven dollars for two espressos!Awesome! Wonderful music, the fried alligator was amazing. Crawfish Beignets were pretty great. We enjoyed it a lot.stumbled upon place in late afternoon.  music lured me in.  ended up having several CL outside.  cool spot.  great music.  beers were cold, and staff was great.  one was celebrating 53 b day.  he was cool.  prices were way cheaper than anything the night before.  thxGreat ambience and location.    Yes it is a little grimy and there are pigeons, but we've stopped in her a couple times.  The food was good both times, good Bloody Mary, alligator tail, po boys, salad are all good and decent portions.   
The live music is the main attraction, but the food and drink make it a real treat without a long wait.  
So please tip the musicians more than a buck, why shouldn't you pay for the fantastic entertainment?Slow service; blah food.  Too many other places in town to waste a meal here!Today we have taken tables 59 & 60. There aren't many folks in here. Service has been horrible. It took the longest to get our drinks. When our food did arrive, it only arrived for 1/2 the table. The others waited an additional 10 minutes, at least, for their food to arrive. We never received napkins and we had to ask for refills. If we hadn't had 5 in our dining party, we wouldn't have left an 18% gratuity. I wouldn't suggest The Market Cafe anytime in the future. Our gumbo was watered down (photos included). Shrimp had no seasoning. (Photos included). Gyro was pretty good for this place. Fries? Cold.Great atmosphere with live music. The true New Orleans experience! Great service! Nice for a relaxed brunch/lunch. Reasonably priced. I would definitely recommend.My wife and I went here for dinner on our last night in NOLA, great surf and turf, gumbo was good as an appetizer, and we also got the pasta with shrimp and crawfish. 
Not a bad place to try if you just don't know what you want.The best service by far!!! Food was great... Prices were great!!! Our server danced for us and kept the drinks flowing!!! Definitely a must on your list of places to visit!!!We walked to this restaurant and the sounds and smells were very enticing. Outside seating with a live jazz band seemed exciting. But all is not as it appears. The food was mediocre and our table of 8 had a difficult time receiving the correct dinner and drink orders. First out was some gumbo- that was pretty good and was worthy of 4 stars. I had the Redfish Pontchartrain and although the flavor was nice, my dish was cold upon serving. The jambalaya was also cold, thick, sticky and had probably been made for Sunday brunch and it is now Monday evening. The final comment for this dinner visit is the band. They were definitely loud so if you don't enjoy music, don't sit outside here. They were entertaining right up to the point that they took a break and began carrying their jar to every table asking for money. When they did not receive enough money from everyone at our table, the tuba player made a big deal of taking down our table number like he was going to "report" us. It was comical but annoying to have your dinner interrupted in that manner.Crawfish Étouffée is very good. It is touristy but the band was great and delicious food. On the pricier side though.It was an afternoon and our hostess seated us immediately. She was ridiculously sweet and helpful. That was the only good experience we had. 
We only got to see our server three times, and one of them was because we had to ask the hostess to take more drink orders. The last time was because we had to ask her to find our server to bring our bill. It seemed rather inconvenient because she was running around, probably doing the same for other diners. She still got us our bill within minutes.
Giving 1* for the sweet hostess and another star for the semi-decent Bloody Mary. The market Mary is to die for. 
Nov 1st around 1 pm.We stopped by for lunch while walking down Decatur and checking out Jackson Square and the French Market. The music was good. Loved my oyster poor boy. Our waiter was slower than some of the others but we didn't have anywhere to be.For what it is, touristy spot it was fine. Coulda been a bit cheaper for a better experience overall. Greek salad was good. My husband got the crawfish etouffe which he like and I thought was tasty but 18 bucks is a bit hefty. A lot of other reviewed said service was bad but ours was quick and friendly. Music was chill and not overly loud. Good experience overall.Where do I even begin with this place?   At the beginning, I guess.   
We joined a bunch of friends standing at the bar and decided to stay and eat.  We asked for a table for 10 - that is, 10 average to large sized adults.  They took a while to figure it out and finally came up with three tables that they pushed together right outside the bathroom.  Three tables.  We couldn't use either end due to the placement, so this was essentially a table for 6 that they tried to cram 10 chairs at.   This clearly wasn't working, so they tried again with a table next to the bar area.  This added one table end and upped the actual space to 7 (which we then crammed 10 chairs at). The restaurant was half empty, so no idea why this was the best we could do, but after two attempts, we decided to suck it up.  
Onto the food.  We all ordered at once.   Our food came out in 3 batches, with a LONG time in between the first and last batches.   And I mean long.   Those who got their food first did the polite thing and refused to eat until everyone was served.  They stared at their meals for at least 15 minutes, got up to take a smoke break, came back and sat another 10-15 minutes.  Cold food for all of them.  My pasta dish was in the middle group and was also cold by the time the last dish arrived.  The server apologized several times, but didn't offer or do anything to fix it.  We paid full price of all of our meals, 70% of which were eaten completely cold.   
My pasta dish was dreadful - a bland and gloppy mess of overcooked noodles and under seasoned sauce.  The bathroom was dingy.   Overall, I didn't like a single thing about the place.After planning to go the The Market Cafe one night while in New Orleans, I never even got to try the menu.  The service was so awful that we walked out (I have never done this before).  We were shown to our table and that was it.  The place was not crowded at all.  The wait staff were going around in what looked like circles but no one ever acknowledged us at our table.  I could not even get anyone's attention.  Afte 15 minutes we left.We walked all the way to Cafe Du Monde for the experience only to find it closed due to equipment failure.  : (
So, we went across the street to The Market Cafe.  We should have just waited for the equipment to be fixed at CDM.  That just about sums it up.
Don't eat breakfast here.The food and the service probably only deserves a 4 star review.  But add the live Dixie jazz band, and it is definitely a five star experience.
For lunch we each had half of Muffeletta sandwich.  this was on my must try list while in NOLA.  We loved it!  You have to like olives if you order this sandwich.  Also, we discovered that half a sandwich is really big.  The whole sandwich is a piece of bread about 12 inches across filled with meat, cheese and olive salad.  Don't order a full sandwich unless you have a fridge back at your hotel.
Eating a traditional NOLA sandwitch and listing to traditional jazz music is as good as it gets.My crawfish pie was lovely and the live music a blast. A Little pricey though and our waiter seemd super eager to turn the table. I would go back thoughAverage touristy spot for "local fare." I had the greek salad with grilled chicken when invited to meet out-of-town friends, and it was actually good. They had poboys which were "okay." Teeny tiny skrimpz with vein intact... Super crowded with loud tourists and music. Less than gracious waitstaff.Just not good. The music was good, the food not so much. The breakfast was over cooked and the jambalaya came out warm and just average. Very dirty and unappetizing. Skip the place and try anywhere else. The waitress was very nice which helped a lot.Food was good; tried the Alligator and the Muffalatta (it was gigantic). Patio was nice with love jazz band.We re doing the "stop and sample"up the French Market. We came in here for the great price on crawfish! My husband dug in the crawfish and I had the etoufee crawfish balls, delicious!!! 
Great location for people watching, nice atmosphere  and feels orleans! Staff were wonderful.We really enjoyed the Market Cafe! We went there twice in the 3 days we were visiting. Try the Greek Salad with balsamic dressing. So good!Despite the place was half empty on a Thursday afternoon the service was exxxtremely slow.
Their Bloody Mary is good,but too much condiments for my taste and a little overpriced for that particular cafe.
Ordered a shrimp po-boy,Greek salad and a Caesar,the food was pretty darn good,very light and crispy just what you want on a hot New Orleans afternoon.
The place is very touristy and gets filled up with people quick.
One of the best things about the market cafe is their band,great and fun music that we definitely enjoyed.The muffuletta was great and way too big for 1 person. Bread pudding with rum sauce was just like my mama used to make. The waiter, Craig, gave us great advice about where to find the best NOLA jazz. All round, a wonderful experience!Excellent location for a visit to the French Market. Enjoyed breakfast with excellent service. They offer a small breakfast buffet or you can order off the menu. We ate the buffet. Food was hot and the fruit was very fresh. Appeared to have great bar service with several Bloody Mary drinks ordered.My friends and I were walking up and down Decatur Street taking in the sights and stopped here for dinner Friday night. it wasn't busy so we were able to get a table quickly. We order some fried alligator nuggets to share as an appetizer, and it came out almost immediately. They were about average compared to other restaurants, but we enjoyed them. As soon as we finished the gator nuggets, our entrees came out. I ordered a muffaletta and my friends ordered the "Taste of New Orleans" (had small bowls of jambalaya, rice/beans, gumbo, and shrimp creole). We all sampled each others' food and agreed that these entrees tasted much better than we expected! The muffaletta was the best muffaletta I've had (I didn't go to the place were it was originally created because I have an aversion to long lines). I liked that the sandwich was warmed up and the bread had a nice buttery flavor. My friends told me the sampler platter was really filling. We had to walk around for an hour afterwards so they could let it digest before they could start drinking! I definitely recommend stopping here because there was no line, the service was quick, and the food tasted very good at a reasonable price. Avoid the trendy spots with a line, this is the place to go!We were seated quickly which was a plus on this busy Friday. While I've been trying to get only local favorites...I tried their Gyro. The owner is Greek, after all. It came out with no sauce and no onions...but I started to eat it anyway. The meat was perfect and so was the pita! When our server come back to ask how things tasted, I let her know what was missing. She took it back immediately....she brought my same gyro back with sauce and onions in the side. I'm not one to send my food back, afraid of what is returned. But the meat and pita were so good, I added my sauce and onions and finished that baby off. :) It was that good. Over all I gave a 3 star because they forgot the basics of the dish.#NOLAtoursim #Foodtourism #chitownfoodie  This highest rating is for the location, the drinks, the musicians and the atmosphere.  We did not try the food.  The Market Cafe is the easiest place to go to hear live music from local musicians.  The drinks are a fair price.  The kids were happy to have hot chocolate and bop to the music.  And it is an open air cafe-- so you can sit inside or stand right outside the gate with a to go cup in hand.  The staff was kind, welcoming and not intrusive.  So you could stop by for a minute or linger over a couple of sets.  We will be back.I would like to say that my crawfish étouffée is the best, but I had the crawfish étouffée at The Café Market in New Orléans at the French Market, which resides in the French Quarter (Vieux Carre - Old Square) and it was really good.
Louisiana is home to the best Créole cusine in the world, and I'm a tough critic because I'm culturally Créole! 
On a side note...their Shrimp Créole is good as well!
Laissez les bons temps rouler!Came here last night And the meal was very satisfying. The read beans and rice were very good! And my boyfriend enjoyed the Caesar salad as well. We also really like the daiquiris we ordered. What we did not enjoy was the gumbo. It came out almost cold and did not have much flavor. But our server and the atmosphere we loved. I would recommend for a quick bite to eat, but not if you are looking for a real New Orleans culinary experience.A place for a quick break, to have some drinks or snacks/sandwiches while enjoying the live band/music in the open patio. Service was good while we were there, the waitresses even gave us some tips on where to go and what to do. They even serve buffet breakfast, but have not tried it.Stopped here for a quick bite. Tried the shrimp and Oyster po boy. It came with potato chips and for $1 more you could upgrade to French fries. We thought it was good. Bread was a bit dry at the ends but it's expected. Their tartar sauce was pretty on point. Overall it's a nice joint to eat and eat while doing a lot of people watching.Great drinks- we had a fabulous Bloody Mary and I had a yummy pina colada- for breakfast ;)
Ordered Omlettes and they were good- not great, but solid. The hash brown potatoes were sliced potatoes vs grated- they were super yum! And the biscuits were great.
Overall, good. Service was a bit slow, but we didn't have anywhere to go. Great people watching and good food- a nice morning joint.Stopped in for drinks, to cool off and to enjoy the music. The waitress was a bitch. The place was empty so we weren't taking away from her tips. We thought it was us, but she was standoffish and rude to all her patrons. The food didn't look that special.l and breakfast buffet for $10.99 was fair from extraordinary.My wife had the Muffaletta and I ordered the Red Beans & Rice.  Both were excellent however the serving size of the Muffaletta was extremely large, come hungry if you order this meal.Heading into the French Quarter, it might be wise to know that everyone attending will understand that the French Quarter restaurants aren't the cheapest places in town. I had planned to go to a restaurant across the street, but someone in my party deemed it too expensive and we instead went to The Market Cafe. 
The food is okay, but the space is tight and the food is not the best that the city has to offer. For an appetizer, I ordered the alligator sausage, which was pretty delicious. For the meal, I took an incredible wrong turn and ordered the oyster poboy. GET THE SHRIMP, PEOPLE. The oyster one tastes like a sandwich of dirty water. 
The service is as acceptable as one could expect from a tourist city. Know that you will be assaulted by a number of birds who will eat your food and a noise level that you probably weren't expecting, even with the knowledge that you're in New Orleans. The drinks are weak, so stick to tea, soda, or water.Today I was in the city early so I made my way here and was pleasantly pleased to find The Market Cafe serving breakfast.  I had the buffet which was a very solid offering.  
I came back for lunch on my way back to my Kenner hotel.  My server Christin was just awesome.  Efficient, attentive, and very personable.  I had the shrimp poboy which was another solid offering.  
Don't forget that The Market Cafe features a great live jazz band rhat serenades you while you eat.  The band plays for tips so please be generous when it comes to TIP time.Four of us had a lunch here on a Sunday.  Fully understanding that it is New Orleans and there are a lot of tourists, I have to say the service was very disappointing.  The waitress was not friendly at all and our food came out of the kitchen at different times.  The couple with us got their food, I got mine after another five minutes and it was another 15 minutes before my wife's came out.  All she ordered was a chicken wings and pork ribs appetizer.  Most of the party thought the food was OK.  I had the Muffaleta, which was very good.  Probably wouldn't come back.My waiter was super friendly and the jazz band entertaining, but the food was sub average.  House salad was too much $$ for what I got and the Gulf Shrimp dish was not doing it for me.   Veggies were just steamed, nothing else...something odd flavored in the shrimp, but I couldn't put my finger on it. Jambalaya was simple.  Nothing special.
However, lots of outdoor seating and room to people watch.  Have to give it a thumbs up for that.
Had I read Yelp reviews, I would not have gone here.  It was the band that lured me in.Good food at 11:30. 
We opted for lunch, gator bites as an app.and we both had the crawfish pie.  It was a delicious flaky crust with crawfish ettoufee underneath.  No skimping on the crawfish either. 
I gotta say though, the majority of the people around us ordered breakfast (at 11:30?!?) and we were really envious. The biscuits looked huge and the pancakes fluffly/delicious. 
We're going to try them another morning for breakfast, but lunch wasn't bad, probably one of the 2nd best meals we've had so far in NOLA.I'm basing my review off of one appetizer that we got to-go. I wanted to try some alligator while in New Orleans so we got some alligator bites. I thought the food was okay (tastes like chewier chicken) and the sauce was excellent but it was way overpriced for the amount. They were able to fit everything in one of those small to-go boxes with some old lettuce and that cost over $10. The breading of the fried alligator also overpowered the actual meat. Overall, I'm glad we didn't order more from here and wish I had gone elsewhere to try some alligator. The 3 stars is for the good sauce and the benefit of the doubt that the other foods aren't as overpriced or below average.came here for dinner at around 8pm because it was one of the few places in the french quarter with live jazz and no age restriction. it took around 20 minutes before anyone remembered that we were there and to take our order..my friend and i weren't too hungry so we ordered a jambalaya to share. it tasted pretty good but nothing that blew our socks off - i really liked the sausage they used in the jambalaya, it was spicy and added a kick to the dish. the presentation wasn't amazing, just 3 scoops of the rice but it was filling. my friend and i then ordered their fudge brownie for dessert. our waiter forgot about it and didn't check in with us for another 10 minutes. when we reminded him, he apologized and went back to the kitchen. 10 minutes later, he came by again and asked if we were waiting on anything - we reminded him again that we had ordered a brownie and he apologized and hurried back towards the kitchen. at this point, we fully expected him to be going back for our dessert, after all we had already reminded him twice. but of course 10 minutes later he came out with the bill and still no dessert....we were kind of pissed off by now but we reminded him AGAIN for the third time. he finally came back with the dessert 5 minutes later. the dessert itself was really yummy, a warm brownie served with ice cream and chocolate sauce - a classic you can't go wrong with. overall, the food was mediocre, the music was good, but the service was terrible. the two stars is for the music.Had the oyster poboy it was delicious and my friends split a lot of different food and by loved the crawfish étouffée. Sat inside in the air conditioning :))) was a great evening mealWe had planned to do the tourist thing and go to Cafe Du Monde, but the line was ridiculous, so we decided to check out this place instead. It has a lot of seating but had no wait. They had a live jazz band playing, which was so nice and cool! There weren't a lot of vegetarian options on the menu, but fortunately they had a breakfast buffet, which I got. Everything was so fresh: pancakes, scrambled eggs, grits, biscuits, and seriously the best potatoes I've ever had. I don't know how they make them but they were delicious. My partner absolutely loved his shrimp po' boy as well. Considering the location it was a good value. The buffet was $10 and the sandwiches were a little more than that. In addition, our server was so nice and helpful. I would definitely come back.Don't order the Poboy, a Subway would be better, cheaper, and with cheese included. The environment is nice though.Went there for lunch. Prompt seating and wait staff was very nice. Kids menu not listed but available. Ordered shrimp & oyster po boy and muffuletta - both were goodThis review is about a single item they serve. Continue reading.
You know the NOLA August thing, when you've walked 2, possibly 3 blocks, outside and are now drenched in your own sweat and your sunglasses are sliding down your sunscreened and sweaty nose and all you can think about is finding some AC and you're tired of browsing useless souvenir shops and overpriced antique stores and dammit all the cafes are outdoors??? Then you see the beacon of the Market Cafe and you go inside to have whatever you must order to soak up some AC? You know, THAT phenomenon?? 
That's how I discovered they make the best iced mocha on the planet. And I NEVER order these in coffee shops because they are always tooooooo sweet and syrupy. It is now part of my ritual on every trip, nearly every day. Martin the bartender is hip, quirky, very quick-witted, and good to pass the time with while you soak up that sweet, sweet air conditioning.My family ate here on Christmas Day because it was one of the only places that was open in the area, you could sit inside and eat, and didn't need a reservation (everywhere else was sold out). It was a packed house (aka slow service but understandable) when we went to eat here (obvi christmas day!). Its just a simple cafe with a bar in the middle, and some tables inside and outside if you want to eat outside. No fancy decor or anything. I got the jumbalaya and it was so-so. Nothing special but okay. My coffee wasn't anything special either.Loved the Southern Fly drink. The live music is great and the menu looks good but we only had drinks. Great location and we had a pretty good server as well!I love New Orleans so much that there is very little I am not willing to forgive when I visit there. Last night, my son and I went to the Market Cafe about 9:00 pm for a late dinner. The Cafe was out of the debris po'boy that my son wanted so he ordered the roast beef po'boy and I ordered the Taste of New Orleans ( gumbo, shrimp creole, jambalaya, and red beans and rice). It took about 20 minutes for our food to arrive and it was certainly not worth the wait. But I love New Orleans so I was willing to overlook the poor tasting food because of the late hour. However, a cockroach that was as big as my little finger crawled across my sandaled foot during the meal. I was so sickened that I jumped up from the table and paid the bill. I informed that manager and he apologized and offered to comp the meal. I should have taken my money back but I was terrified that I would vomit there in the cafe so I just walked off. NEVER will I eat there again. Some things can't be overlooked. Cockroaches are not forgivable EVER!We ate here for lunch right around 12:30 and got right in without waiting.  We love to eat outside and for a hot, humid Louisiana day the patio was very comfortable.  Unfortunately there were numerous homeless hanging around the outside of the patio, but that is not something the restaurant has any control over.  We really did have great service and the food was okay.  I do believe it was a bit overpriced, but for the location it was worth it to us so we didn't have to trek all over all in the heat.  First time having a muffaletta and it was good. Breading on fried alligator and chicken strips was actually really good and NOT greasy at all.  Would I go back?  I believe I would go back if I needed a quick lunch that I know is good.  Plus a jazz band was playing and they were great entertainment!A lady was outside trying to get customers in and we asked if they were still serving breakfast and she said yes they had a ten dollar all you can eat buffet.  I would have preferred to eat somewhere else and have lunch/regional foods, but the husband likes a traditional breakfast.  It was good.  Lots of bacon, sausage, eggs, grits, pancakes, and fried potatoes.  I didn't have any fruit.  It was affordable and good.  They had biscuits and white gravy too.  Sausage gravy isn't as big in New Orleans as in the midwest, so the gravy was just so so for me.  Waitress extremely nice!  Staff got my husband a drink to go...very nice and seen the staff constantly cleaning up around buffet.The Muffaletta sandwich was great!  The gumbo was good too.  Add in the great music and it makes it 5 stars!My husband and I ate here 3 nights in a row. We loved the outdoor seating. The bands they had playing while we were eating were great, too. The food was good but not outstanding to say, "When you go to NOLA you must stop at the Market Cafe because their food is awesome." My husband was becoming quite famous by eating a whole muffuletta almost each night we dined. Rick our waiter remember what we drank each night which was a homely touch. Rick made us feel like family while we were there and that extra touch made us want to come back each night for dinner. Overall the food was good but we really returned for the ambiance of the cafe, our waiter Rick and the music that was playing in the cafe each night.Gross! The gumbo was straight out of a can and to top it off it was cold. Gross! The bbq shrimp was gross too. No flavor and the shrimp was obviously old because it was mushy. The dressing on my caesar salad was mayonnaise-y so if you like that you'll like this place. The kids chicken tenders, well you can't say much about that. Kids will eat anything. The service was worst than the food. We accidentally walked into this restaurant thinking it was Cafe du Monde. They kinda look the same. Oops! First time in NOLA, next time I'll know better. Oh, and there was a mandatory 18% (?) gratuity for five people. Bad, bad, bad!Stay away, tourists! Not only is the food truly awful, but they are super shady. If they think you're a tourist who might be out of town by the time you notice, these guys may try to charge your card twice! I live in New Orleans and stopped in last night to hear a friend play music. I bought a round of beers for the table and a bowl of (absolutely disgusting) fried crawfish. (Seriously, how do you make fried crawfish taste bad? Yeah, I dont know either! But these guys fucking did it!) After I paid, added a tip and signed the receipt, the waiter came back and said the machine kicked out my charge. He asked for my card to check the machine. He didn't say he was going to run it again. And then... That's right guys, he ran it again! But for a different amount. I looked up the charges in my account and, as expected, I had 2 charges. In short, I paid $50 for 3 beers and a bowl of (shitty) crawfish. I complained and made clear that I wasn't going away until this was taken care of. When they realized I wasn't a tourist and I wasn't letting this go, they brought out all receipts and assured me the money would be back in my account at midnight. It's not. I'm heading back there tonight. In short, STAY AWAY! THE FOOD IS SHIT AND THEY ARE RUNNING SCAMS!Super friendly staff!
My wife & I were wandering around looking for something to eat. A really nice man called us over, sat us down where we could hear the jazz band and took our order. My wife wasn't feeling very good and he was more than willing to cooperate with her trying to find same thing she could eat. ( not too rich, not too spice) I ordered the crawfish beignets, they were amazing! I'll definitely visit again ( they also have fresh fruit daiquiris, margaritas and beer to go!)The food is probably only about 3 stars, but the experience earns it an extra one.  When you've spent your morning browsing through the French Market, how can you resist having a seat at the Market Cafe, having a muffaletta and an iced tea, and enjoying some live New Orleans jazz?  Throw in a cup of red beans & rice, and life is good!   It's a great place to people watch as well, just be careful or you'll find yourself losing track of time and you'll miss out on the rest of the city!Breakfast buffet has all the essentials on it and priced reasonably for the French Quarter at $11. Ruby slipper and Horns are two other choices, bit more expensive.Taste of new orleans dish was good, gyro was good. This service however was pretty awful. Took them forever to finally see us and got attitude the entire time. Won't be back.Crawfish beignets weren't what I expected but were delicious. Live music and outdoor seating make it an enjoyable atmosphere as well!Great location by the river. Live music all day, good bands, decent drinks. The service is prompt and friendly. Thank you!Overpriced food with average service. Walk a little further to the french market where you can get better food for much cheaper.I ordered my first ever Muffaleta and it was really good! It was a little salty for my taste but only because it had ham. Even though I didn't like olives, the olive salad spread on the bread balanced it out.
It was really busy; therefore, service was slowwwww. 
What I did love about this place was the jazz band that played outside in the patio. It was perfect especially with the beautiful weather.Key lime is amazing!! :) made by Martino, he is such a fun guy and embodies the spirit of New Orleans so well! This is coming from a resident :)The catfish po-boy and gator bites were great!  Service was slow. Live music was fun!We did not get to the food.  We were roped in to sitting down for a breakfast buffet. We asked about the buffet, assuming it may have some authentic southern dishes. Not a thing. 
We decided to go somewhere else, as we had previously seen some other restaurants with more interesting fare. The waiter was very rude and said we could hike down to ihop a few miles away for breakfast. Instead, we went down a block for muffalatta and some Cajun grits.
Skip this place, it's a tourist trap.The catfish poyboy was really good. The reason I gave 4 stars is because of the price- they are about $16. It was fine, because I split it with my friend, but that's just way to much for some fish on a bun. 
Service was good and there's a nice deck, as well as an air conditioner indoors areas. Solid drinks too.So we're walking around the French Market trying to meet up with some friends before heading to the 2008 Sugar Bowl...can't find 'em but we're so f*cking hungry... "Let's just eat here..." My buddy tells me, sounding like we just caved in and settled for some Doritos & a Coke. 
The only seats available at lunch on New Year's Day are at the bar. Being that we plan on getting drunk, that's not a problem. The bartender was a crack up...either he was funny or the Double JD & Cokes he made me were pretty stiff...
Okay, for starters, we get the Gator bites. Battered & fried chunks of Alligator tail...MMM, pretty good, considering that I've never eaten alligator before. Does it taste like chicken? A little. The consistency is definitely like chicken, tastes like a cross between chicken & fish. Either way, it's good! A couple dasshes of Crystal hot sauce & cocktail sauce...can't go wrong! 
Next, I get the "Taste of New Orleans", which includes a bowl each of, Seafood Gumbo, Red Beans & Rice, Crawfish Etouffe & Sausage Jambalaya. Every dish was delicious, to say the least. This was the third time in 2 days I had to turn to my friend and ask "Is it me or does this whole f*cking city know how to cook?" He ordered the "Seafood Combo Platter" which consisted of 2 Fried Catfish filets, Flash fried oysters & fried gulf shrimp. I had a taste of each of those and needless to say, pretty damn good...
Now, we're full as hell but it wouldn't be right to just leave without dessert. So we ordered the Bread Pudding w/rum sauce and the Pecan pie. The bread pudding was to die for. I thought the Pecan Pie was delicious too but my friend said he's had better from some southern kitchen in Hayward. I know, WTF? Either way, I thought it was good and this is my review so to hell with him and his Pecan Pie from Hayward.
So all in all, our second day in NOLA was starting out to be a good one. In the culinary department at least...Terry and josh helped me and my boyssssss get super twisted at noon on Friday. We washed down the delicious PO boys with dozens of perfectly poured drinks. Would recommend it to my mother, much less strangers.We had lunch here and we enjoyed it.  My husband and I both had 1/2 Muffaletta. they were huge and really good.  we should probably have split a half but we ate most of it.  The band plays outside and it is a very good people watching spot.  It is also very close to the French Market.Boooooo!  Came all the way from Florida for their muffuletta & they closed early!! We expressed our sadness but no one cared!!!Well I was walking around the French Qtr and wanted to try some authentic gumbo, sadly my phone was acting up and I couldn't look up anything on yelp.  This place is nice enough and the food was good enough, nothing wowed me though.  You'll certainly appreciate the AC! :)I like this place.   Music.  In the heart.  A bit touristy. But good muffaleta and good beer.  Etouffe is good.  Not fine dining of course but a nice place with good food + music.  Friendly servers.Ordered the shrimp creole and it had 4 pieces of shrimp, rice and stewed tomatoes, and nothing else that was stated on the menu.....all for 20$  what a tourist trap...we were too starved to care but in hindsight...should of done more about it!  It was a rip off.We walked passed by several times during lunch and dinner hours and were attracted by their live music and relaxing ambiance.
2 stars for food, 4 stars for ambiance.
Came by in a Sunday brunch time during French Qtr. Fest and was surprised there was plenty of outside seating.
Food: 2 stars, Muffalettas bread was too thick and dry, olive sauce was not as tasty as we expected. Our golden standard is the Central Grocery ones.
Roast Beef PO boys baguette was great but wished the there was 50% less sauce, too much drenched with made the bread soggy.
Service: Excellent by Ashanti, very attentive, smiles, warm and catering. Even though our Po boys cheese was wrong she immediately fixed them for us.
Ambiance: Excellent, relaxing jazz ensemble, lively street scene.I didn't eat here, but the Bloody Mary's were delicious and the service was good; Getting water was a bit tougher, however. The jazz band playing was engaging and played for 3 hours, with 15 minute breaks every hour. If you're looking for a chill spot for your crew, this is it.YUM is all I can say about the crawfish pie and the muffaletta.  And it's always fun to eat outside & have some live jazz with your sunday brunch.  At times tough to hunt down the wait-staff though.A decent place to eat and listen to live jazz. I had the muffleta and my husband the sampler of cajun cuisine. I think we were both bigger fans of the sandwich. Be warned the 1/2 muffleta is big enough to feed two people.The live music was lovely.  The service was friendly.  The food was pretty awful.  I had a gumbo that wasn't all that good to begin with and probably inspired the term "Louisiana Butt Burner," because I was sick as a dog later on.  Sorry for the TMI, but it was not fun getting food poisoning.first stop in the city was starving and wanted some real New Orleans food. we got great service from Soneyda she had a great smile and attitude food was fresh and very tasty. I would come back the had a nice 5 piece band playing.
this is around everything in the French Quarter.Ricole has been by far my favorite waitress in NOLA!! Her smile is so bright, super humble and friendly and makes you feel right at home. She was also extremely patient with all of my questions and she never hesitated to explain further anything. She's AMAZING!  Having someone as dedicated as her is a great choice. 
Now my food!...it's super hot here so I decided to have a chicken Cesar salad and a cup of gumbo. BEST COMBINATION EVER!!! Salad was refreshing and the gumbo had a nice kick to it. 
One of the best meals I've had in New Orleans. I definitely recommend this place!We ended up here after initially trying for the legendary Beignets at Cafe Du Monde... yah, no way.  That line wasn't moving and stretched down the block.  Also, the need for breakfast was becoming a more and more urgent need as the minutes passed.  We stumbled down the block and came across The Market Cafe.  My traveling buddy and I are both kind of picky so when we got there and discovered that we could sit outside, listen to live music, and they had a breakfast buffet we were sold!  It did everything we needed it to.  The scrambled eggs were perfect and the bacon was delicious!  I don't think that waiting in that Cafe Du Monde line for a couple of Beignets would have made me happy in the long run but The Market Cafe did!  Also, big props to our waitress who was ten times more awesome then she needed to be for a breakfast buffet.  I honestly felt like she was really "in-it to win-it" insofar as getting my day started right!Stopped cause it was so hot and we needed a break. Very nice place. Frozen mango daiquiri probably came out of a machine but it was good . . . and cold!  
Outside trio playing jazz was most enjoyable. It is loud if you sit by them of course and lots of folks enjoy this.  We preferred to select a table down the sidewalk. 
Don't let this next thing put you off.  a young guy came up trying to sell those beads everyone has. he was polite when we said we'll pass but thanks for stopping by. he smiled and when on his way. a little latter another guy came up. this one much much older and unfortunately very drunk. hubs is a sweeting and gave him a dollar. but he was very pushy wanting more but within seconds the manger rushed out and escorted him off the property. it was handled very very well by management. 
would not hesitate to return on our next visit or recommend to friends.Was walking past this place after leaving Cafe Du Monde and a nice lady named Ruth informed me that they have a breakfast buffet for about $11! So, there was no way I was going to pass up on eating as much bacon as I wanted, so on my last morning in New Orleans I came here to eat.
The buffet had your staple breakfast items. Grits with the butter, scrambled eggs, sausage links, potatoe hash, biscuits & gravy, fruit and of course BACON! All delicious! I got there pretty early so there was no waiting and no crowd!Normally I avoid anything that's touched a deep fryer, but I was on vacation, darn it, and the oyster po boy called to me. And I have to say, it was even more delicious than I could have imagined. I swear, I'm still having dreams about that thing! I also tried the alligator bites, but they tasted pretty much like what you'd expect of a novelty order--interesting to do once, but not enjoyable enough for a repeat.
The overall ambiance of the restaurant was nice. I definitely enjoyed sitting on the patio and listening to the live jazz band belt out a rendition of "When the Saints Go Marching In" as I chowed down, and the Market Cafe was definitely a nice, easy place to have my last meal in the city before heading out to the airport.
The reason I've giving this place four stars (normally I'd probably do three) is because our waitress let my group of three pay on separate checks, something that doesn't seem to be done much in NOLA, but as it was our last meal in the city and we were all seriously strapped for cash, being able to charge was a godsend.A group of five of us were seated but after 10 min. of waiting for a server to come by to even acknowledge our existence, we got up and walked out. It wasn't even busy. Terrible service.Walking around Decatur, my friend noticed that I was dawdling a little bit trying to listen to the jazz band playing at The Market Cafe. Being my tourist guide that day, he suggested we stop and go in. I needed to have some bread pudding, anyway, because I have been deprived of it all my life (his words, not mine).
The place was oozing with tourists (me included). The waitress gave me a somewhat irritated look when I asked (really very nicely, too, if I may say so myself) if they had strawberry lemonade. It seemed as though she were pushing the strawberry daiquiri to us, but I can think of no logical reason why this would be. 
Anyway, the bread pudding was rather delicious -- the richness and the sweetness were balanced. But I am not a fan of the overly touristy vibe. So even though Market Cafe is a 3.5 stars kind of place, I would simply round them down to 3 stars. 
Funny anecdote:  The sax player somewhat ripped off my friend, though, by playing just a few notes after being given a $5 tip (by a few notes, I mean I counted merely to "two Mississippi" and that was it). The Aussie (my friend) was too nice to say anything, while I was merely amused by his pout.Do not go here if you want to enjoy New Orleans as a tourist. 
Their food is, to put it in nicer terms, edible. And do not by all means order shrimp creole - it tasted like mashed tomatoes, with a couple pieces of tiny shrimp which had no flavor; not to mention the dish is overpriced.
The cons of this place is the large seating area outside and free jazz performers (at least the night I went there they had them)Horrible experience.  15 minutes to get sodas...and another 15 minutes after that to get a coffee that was ordered with the sodas.  An hour after we ordered the food started to show up.  Appetizer came with the meals, which my po'boy was never delivered.  So I picked at the appetizer while everyone else ate.  I would have had her bring my lunch but it took so long to get the food in the first place.  My husband had to take the bill inside because the waitress did not come back.  Paying to park in New Orleans, we were not happy having to burn 2 hours of it sitting in this restaurant.  Owner was inside and offered to buy my husband a beer to make up for it...like we wanted to sit there any longer....Amazing!! Food is delicious, live jazz music, very friendly staff! There is a large group of.us and they accommodated. Family friendly  (for lunch anyway!)The location is great! The food is horrible.  There are so many other places in New Orleans to eat please do your research. Don't come here for the food. If you want to order a soda and listen to the Jazz band great but eat somewhere else. I had the taste of New Orleans. This was not good.My husband enjoyed the alligator. I didn't really care for the muffaletta. To be honest, I think Central Grocery makes the best muffaletta I have had in New Orleans.
When we went it was the middle of August and we had been walking for quite a while. Needless to say, I was thirsty. I was surprised to find that refills on sodas were not free. Maybe that's an area thing? At home, you never find a place where refills aren't free. 
The band playing outside is nice, but we sat inside and never encountered the band coming up to us for  tips like others have mentioned.
For a party of 5 (2 adults, 3 kids), tip was automatically included. The waitress was actually a very good waitress, but being told what to tip turned my husband off, and she actually ended up with a smaller tip than if we had not been told what to tip.Awesome spot to escape the heat and listen to some great jazz. My wife and I came here as we were exploring the city and had a great time at the bar! Marty the bartender is quite a character and really tells some great stories. He also makes a mean Louisiana lemonade! This drink was strong,  and refreshing. The perfect thing for a hot summer day. We did not eat here, we just stopped for drinks. Hopefully on my next trip to Nola we can grab some food here. Will be coming back!We ordered the gumbo and half a muffletah. Blah food, but the service was the worst part. Our server never checked on us, gave me chicken nuggets instead of the muffletah, and overall was inattentive. Skip this place, unless you're starving to death, or during the day. It seems like a decent place to get a drink and listen to live music, but eat elsewhere.It was on the way to the french market. I stopped by to grab something really quick. I had gumbo and it was ok.Food was great. The portions are a good size, but the food is a bit over priced. The servers were very friendly, but a bit forgetful and they were frustrated that the party I was with wanted to split our check. They did split it, but they didn't want to do it. Overall, good food and good atmosphere. Right on the market - very cool tourist spot.Shrimp creole is to die for. Service is great. My friends got the gyro and muffelatta. Both are delicious! Definitely would come back. Busy on the weekends. We went on a Monday night. Live music!My brother, sister-in-law, and I all split the different kinds of po boys here. Catfish was delicious. Shrimp and oyster was delicious. Alligator sausage... OMG! It's the one we all recommend if you're gonna order a po boy here. It reminds me of a Filipino sausage.... kind of heavy, but really good. Delicious is the only way I can describe it really. Go and get you some!I'm only putting an extra star because the bartender was super sweet. Went here Sunday afternoon, my sister and I. We asked to be sat outside and waited around trying to get sat while everyone was helped. We finally get sat and no one comes up to us until I call a waitress. I ask her who's going to help us, she says "well I can" and puts down a menu and never returned. We then moved ourselves to the bar, where the bartender (she was blonde and thin) was awesome! Super sweet and helpful, talking and joking. It was a bit hot in there as I guess their AC has broken. My husband then joined and tried to get the attention of an older gentleman at the bar and he literally barked "I'M BUSY!! I'LL BE WITH YOU IN A SECOND!" then shook his head like he can't believe he had to help someone while working in customer service. this went down in front of the Manager/Owner who was sitting there. She didn't say anything or step up to tell his old ass to calm down. Our bartender then returned when she realized he was being an asshole. We were going to order food and drinks and decided to leave and not give them any more money/business. Ridiculous!!I had dinner with a few people here one night to mixed reviews. To be fair, the food that was considered less than exceptional was appetizers, which were most likely frozen and pre-packed. I had the crawfish etouffee and it was great. The rest of the food seemed to go over pretty well. Prices were on par and appropriate for the quality I enjoyed. I'd go back again without a doubt.We rolled in here just before closing, hoping to get our hands on some crawdads and left completely satisfied! We loved the relaxed, open air patio, though we were too late to catch the live music. Our server was attentive, helpful, and totally welcoming despite the fact that we were the only customers in the place for most of our visit. This was a first crawdad experience for both of us, so we have no basis of comparison, but we loved them. Cooked in a spicy, almost jerk-style sauce and served alongside a big ol' go cup of Abita amber, this was exactly what we were looking for.Killer Nawlins cuisine.  Had the crawfish etouffee, as well as the red beans & rice with sausage.  Excellent.  
Great for people-watching.  Plus they have live music.  Can't wait to go back.Went for a late brunch. They served a small breakfast buffet and Cajun style foods. We had the breakfast buffet (eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits, gravy, mini pancakes, and fruit) for 10$ and fancy iced espresso drinks (4$). The covered patio style dining was great and relaxing! There was a live jazz band that was awesome. Really enjoyed this little place before heading down the street to the market!We like eating here when we are in New Orleans. My son likes the outdoor seating, casual atmosphere and enjoys the gumbo étouffée trio with red beans and rice. Not the best place to eat in NOLA but always fun and dependable. We also enjoy the weekend breakfast buffet.After exploring the French Market area we decided we wanted a little rest along with some drinks and music.  The Market Cafe was perfect- outside, live music, and strangely delicious drinks.  We didn't have any food but the service was good and the music was great.Service, food and drinks all good. Kinda pricey but everything in NOLA is and compared to other restaurants they aren't that expensive. Great place to eat and drink after a ghost tour.Stop here after wandering the French Quarter. For my first meal in the city I had the jambalaya. It was a little spicy and dry. But overall ok. The great thing abou this place is that it has live music and you can sit outside. With that came pidgeon who were at our foot trying to pick up scraps! AhhhhThe Market Cafe is conveniently located within the French market and had a live band playing tonight. The menu offers a good mix of cafe fare as well as heavier entrees, if desired. I chose a half muffuletta and Blueberry Ale Abita Beer. The muffuletta was large & in charge. The bun was very full of seasonings & soft. The meat was cut just right and melded together with ooey-gooey cheese. The service was very good and we were regularly checked in on.My brother had to have gator when he visited NOLA in September.  So, this is where I took him.  The Gator bites were fried and therefore quite good.  Hard to mess that up.  
The muffaletta was really oily... like sopping wet and pretty gross.  Only on one side though.  The other side didn't taste too bad.  I prefer Ignatius for their muffaletta.  
The jazz band was nice and they were playing into the night.  
Not many people at the restaurant, so service was pretty quick.Awesome lunch spot! our waitress was so sweet and very attentive. The live jazz music set the mood. We ordered the muffuletta and the "taste of New Orleans" and this was the best food we have tasted so far this trip! The flavors, spices, quantity and service makes this #1I had the  jambalaya it was over priced and a small portion. The live music was nice. That was the only upside. You would be better off getting anything else on the menu.Upon leaving the city day before yesterday my roommate and I decided to grab lunch and this was the place closest to us and that was chosen.  I knew better than to eat in the French Market but whatever.  $10 for a po-boy and fries isn't bad but our server recommended the gumbo so that's what I had.  $10 for shrimp, chicken and sausage gumbo in a town that has it readily available should've been the first indication this was a tourist trap.  The bowl was barely more than a cup and it was a light roux in color and depth.  It didn't taste bad but it didn't really have much flavor.  My roommate had a muffalotta and she said it was "OK" but it didn't look very good.  Live and learn i guess.What is everyone complaining about.  We had a nice lunch for 3.  The service was fast enough (and super nice), the food was good enough, and the prices were what I expected.  Nothing knocked my socks off, but nothing tasted like socks.  If you are in the neighborhood and hungry and hurring....stop in.  I recommend a cup of gumbo and a catfish poboy.Had a late lunch there on a Sunday.  The waitress, Raginae, was very friendly.
The fried oyster dish was excellent and the drinks were good.  This is a great place to people watch and listen to live music.Wonderful experience with girlfriends for two 30th birthdays. Great service, live music outside (we sat inside for the AC). We were 7 total so the gratuity was included and normally this means crappy service because he server will get their $$ anyway... but our server was amazing! Get the New Orleans sampler with gumbo, jambalaya, rice and beans, and creole. Yummm!We were just cruising along looking for breakfast and decided to stop here. The service was attentive to us, and we sat in the covered dining area toward the park. The density of tables was a bit unsettling, and there were pigeons on the prowl under our feet looking for dropped morsels. A tad distracting. It was loud, too. On the good side, the food was tasty. I had a traditional breakfast and was especially fond of the pancakes. The rest was passable. My wife had the shrimp omelette and a biscuit and was very pleased. She was highly complimentary of the coffee, which is no easy task.We had the breakfast buffet. Not bad for meat eaters. But otherwise all carbs.
The jazz was great.Tourist trap. The food is basic NOLA food, but you can get better tasting elsewhere. Only plus is that there was live music to enjoy while eating, but again, you can get that anywhere in this city. Only reason we came here was because we needed something quick to eat before Krewe du Vieux and everywhere else had a long wait.The Greek salad was wonderful. The fried alligator was the best out of 4 that I tried.. There was outside seating. Live band. Not too loud. Prices are reasonable. Would definitely go back.Disgusting. Terrible food, drinks and service. Only place in NOLA I never want to see again.The atmosphere is great! The bartender Marty was amazing, we would come back again just to hang with him. He has every gadget from golf clubs to breathalyzers. What a great time!The red beans and rice with sausage was pretty good - I would recommend it. The best part was probably eating outside while listening to a live jazz band - obviously a great NOLA experience.This place has great ambiance but honestly that's all it has going for it. The food is bland and flavorless. The service is subpar. Go elsewhere and really taste NOLA. Hell even across the street at French Market would be a better choice especially for what your spending.Just don't do it. There are so many better places to eat in this area than here. It's way overpriced for one-- especially for the quality of the food. It was like eating a bad, bland diner version of authentic New Orleans food. Went with a group of 6 and just arrived with luggage in tow before we could check into our Airbnb. It started to rain and this place was the closest so we ended up here. Being from NY, we called it a Times Square tourist trap restaurant. Only reason I can give it two stars is because the servers were attentive and sweet and the drinks weren't bad. But please, don't waste your time on the food. Ive had MUCH better food during the multiple times I've been to New Orleans for a cheaper price than this place.Market café is definitely not the best of new Orleans and frankly it is quite touristy. But still, it gives the budget traveler a good bang for the buck. See, for 2 nights in new Orleans, my budget allowed for 2 good fancy meals and I prefer my fancy meal to be dinner rather than lunch. So, I have got to find something cheap but tasty for lunch and Market café seems to be that kind of a place. Live Jazz music, hot tasty gumbo, alligator sausages and people watching at 2 PM for a cheap price, Why not?Horrible service if you get the waitress Melissa! Ordered fried alligator, she brought alligator sausage. Argued with us that we were lying. We ate it and left after that. The one sausage it comes with didn't seem cooked all of the way, and is so NOT worth $10.The hubby and I have been here a few times when we stop through New Orleans. I absolutely love the live music, relaxed atmosphere and the muffuletta!! Nice spot to stop on a hot day for a cool drink and a good lunch.If I could give this place zero stars, I would. We ordered the blackened chicken salad with field greens tossed in a vinaigrette dressing. We expected to get a light and crisp salad with a nice pile of warm grilled chicken on top. What we got was a bowl of iceberg lettuce, pale cold chicken, tomato slices thrown in, huge uneven chunks of green peppers and blue cheese dressing in plastic cups. We asked our waiter if this was the chicken salad and he ignored us and walked away. When we asked him about the vinaigrette dressing, he again walked away, without saying anything and then brought is a generic plastic glass with dressing. He never apologized or tried to correct our order. We didn't send the order back because we were so hungry, so we ate it. He must have really noticed our dissatisfaction with the salad because he brought us a complimentary dessert saying that there was a "new guy" at the kitchen who messed up our order. We didn't believe him and we didn't eat the crusty looking bread pudding he brought us. 
Basically, learn from our mistake and don't come here. There are SO MANY other great places to try in the area. This place is not worth it. And it was expensive too. 
The only good thing about this place was the live band playing. They get five stars.We had the muffaleta it was so good . We ordered another one ! Outside seating was cool jazz music kinda loud. Would only go back for the muf our waitress was nice and quick.Had been walking around and saw this place so came back to eat.  I liked how it was outside and open and there was live music and good people watching.  Our server was quick and friendly.  We split the fried shrimp and a muffuletta and it was huge!  Really good though.  Would recommend if you are looking for a casual place outside to people watch.To be fair, maybe i just don't like New Orleans cuisine but for $50 we got popcorn shrimp (for the kids because there was absolutely nothing on the menu kids would eat), a small bowl of gumbo (not that great), and a ham sandwich that was so salty it was inedible. I give them one star because the waitress was a CHAMP, running several tables and a loud and hectic environment with a smile. She rocks. The food, however, does not...and the seating hostess was rude. I keep hearing how great the food is in New Orleans and keep coming up disappointed. This is no exception.I enjoyed the sausages and eggs with grits; my first real Southern breakfast in this town. Staff was attentive and service was quick.The staff and live band were nice but the breakfast buffet definitely left something to be desired. The eggs were watery and the potatoes were waaaaay undercooked (very hard) but the biscuits and gravy, sausage, and bacon were all good!On my 5 day trip to NOLA, I ate here 3 times. The atmosphere was just amazing, the outside seating and the music was just as good as it gets and always put me and hubby in a good mood. The place was never overly crowded, and I never had to wait. The food was great, the first day we dined we had he fried alligator, shrimp po boys and a cup of their award winning gumbo. The alligator was good, spicy and good dipping sauce. Shrimp Po boys were perfect in my opinion, light and airy bread, nice fried shrimp that didn't taste greasy at all. Gumbo was good, definitely not award winning but it was good enough that we ordered a bowl on the next visit. Muffaletta was amazing! It was the first time we had it, but our eyes lit up when we bit into it! Service was good,no overall complaints. Only thing is it seems as when they give you the check the disappear for what seems like forever. As for the music the band is great, I just do not appreciate the fact that sometimes they walk around with a tip jar while your eating and talk you into tipping them. Its not a pleasant experience when your trying to relax and eat.Fun place to people watch.  The breakfast buffet was, well, a breakfast buffet.  My biscuit was too hard to cut with a fork, but the gravy was good.  Just okayThe live music was fantastic!  The outdoor atmosphere was superb.  The authentic New Orleans food is why we came!
We were only in town for the afternoon, but The Market Cafe proved to give us a taste of this great city!
The Gumbo was delicious and the Red Beans & Rice are not to miss!  Even my 9 year old loved the Shrimp Creole, and she normally doesn't like the spice.  
We wished we could have stayed longer to enjoy the music and a few more sips!Fun outdoorsy place right next to the French Market! Live music and a busy place to eat and people watch! We ordered the Gulf Shrimp and then the Taste of New Orleans was great! Gave us a great combo of lots of things we wanted to try! Our waiter was super great, he knew a lot and told us his favorites to try!3 stars is about right, its an interesting location to people watch but its somewhat expensive for its quality. Waitress was attentive. This is for me a generic coffee place, nothing special.I am being generous in my rating only because of the waitresses, they are great!
We eat here approximately once a week and have always had a great experience. Other than the band going around begging for tips we've been happy. 
Today was totally the opposite! The waitress was super sweet, but the manager was extremely rude. We ordered the oyster platter with an extra side of oysters. The food came and all we got was the platter. We mentioned it to the waitress and was told this is how they serve it. We get this all the time so we know how many should be there and it wasn't right. The oysters were over cooked and when we tried to send it back, the manager brought it right back to us saying that's how they cook them. When we said we wanted new ones he argued with us and then told us to never come back.
I'm sorry but when should be forced to eat something we knew was wrong and then tell us to not come back????
What happened to customer service and making sure that customer happy?!?!?!?
Even if we wanted to come back, I would never step foot in there due to the managers attitude!!!Had a very lovely lunch date here on my last day in New Orleans, so because everything on the date was perfection, I have got to give this place 4 stars.  
Our waitress was great, our salads very tasty but a bit slow to come out (Greek Salad with lamb for me, Caesar with chicken & shrimp for him), the ambiance only slightly on the touristy side since it is located in the center aisle of the french market, but the live jazz band playing as we sat outdoors on his beautiful day made it PERFECT!
Romantic & memorable if you ask me...but perhaps I am biased since my date was so cute ;)Guess we should of not went to a big place where it's a bunch of tourists. Music was fun but that's it . Server wasn't very personable. Alligator po boy tasted 100% like a Polish kielbasa and very bland . Shrimp po boy was plain breaded shrimp on a hoagie roll.  Shame it was our last meal in new Orleans because every other place all week was deliciousGreat food! Awesome people and the waiter Ron was spectacular. He attended us so well. He made our dinner memorable. If your in the area please drop by. His service was on point and he really loves to attend his guest.. Kudos to Ron!The Live jazz trio was great and the outdoor seating was good, although I am not sure the tables were ever cleaned. 
The service was slow, unfocused and inattentive. The "full espresso bar" seems to have forgotten to use actual espresso in their drinks.  The beer tasted old and like it was being pumped through equipment that had never been cleaned.  The Po-boy was ok but very greasy.  In a town full of great food, this place relies on location and tourists who don't know the place to stay in business.The service was friendly and attentive. The food was a solid 3.5. The music was fabulous. I had the shrimp creole and the gumbo soup. If they are authentic, they both require a "stomach", and here they were  a good try but not strong and stewy enough.
The location is also fantastic. Don't make it your choice if it's the only place you can go to, but for a good bite with a nice ambiance, it's a sure thing.The four of us had lunch here today after attempting lunch at MRB, where the patio was in the midst of construction.  We didn't have high expectations of the food, but there was a band playing and people watching was good.  Our server was expansive, exuberant and outspoken.  Alan and I shared a shrimp po'boy and a Caesar salad and Sherri and Ron shared an oyster po'boy and another Caesar salad.  Our salad was pretty good.  I've had much worse Caesars elsewhere.  The shrimp po'boy was unimpressive.  I've had much better elsewhere, including Angeline's in Berkeley.  Sherri and Ron were more impressed w/ their oyster po'boy and seemed pleased w/ their salad.  In all, it was an adequate lunch when we were tired and hungry but we wouldn't return.  Prices were high and the food wasn't worth it.  You can sit on a nearby park bench and hear the music and watch people pass.Went to grab a quick bite right after the 4th of July fireworks ended. Was seated immediately and ordered Muffaletta and crawfish hush puppies. Everything tasted incredible, was reasonably priced, and our server Shanna was a joy. Loved it.We had a drink and listened to the live band in the afternoon so I cannot rate the food. The waiters were nice, the drink was tasty and well priced. The band was great!This was one of the few cafes open early Christmas afternoon, so it was very busy.  The food was good. We had mufaletta, shrimp poboy, alligator tail bites and sample of jambalaya,  gumbo, and red beans rice. The sample was pretty good and the alligator was great. Nothing really stood out here; however, the iced vanilla latte was actually great.Good food- good prices. Keisha the waitress is AWESOME , i was in NOLA with a friend for three days and we ate there every day our lunch , great ambian e relax- chilled and good quality food. Totally recommend it and ask for KeishaTourists beware. This is an abomination of creole and all that's holy about this venerated cuisine. I ordered red beans and rice, not because I was a tourist but because I celebrate this dish all over the country. 
I'll describe: The dish was served in a large, round, white bowl with nothing but a cracker pack and a spoon. Firstly, a slice of bread is traditional, and for $12, come on! Then, I see the tablespoon sized scoop of rice drowning in this shallow, liquidy, mote-like pool of murky bean broth, interlaced with thin, grainy slices of sausage. I would imagine as well this entire system fitting in a large coffee mug. So, if you're hungry, there's another problem. 
Then the taste...watery, spiceless and mushy. I realize there are at least a hundred variations on this recipe, but I've never had one so underwhelming. 
In review, I am only Yelping about the red beans and rice. I didn't experience the whole menu, but looking around, I imagine most other dishes to be similar. Sitting outside was fine enough, and the service was at least there. Overall you get the sense this joint knows it's got a great location and that locals wouldn't patronize anyway. The good news is that I didn't get sick and for what it's worth I lived to Yelp another day. Caveat emptor and happy Yelping!Bf had a crawfish mission and we tried it here while walking around and seeing a sign.
While it was on the bottom of our list and had a more lemongrass seasoning, it is a great location and has decent food and usually a band playing. Service was ok.
Also tried the sausage poboy and the bread was crisp and sausage good. Fries were ok.
Crawfish rating:
MRB
Bayou Barn via FoodFest
J's Seafood Dock
French Market restaurant
Market CafeThis is a nice place for a quick bite to hold you over, but like other reviews have said, there are a lot better places for food. The draw for the place is definitely the live music outside. My only complaint with that is that some musicians will get rude about tips. I brought a friend who was visiting this past weekend, and we didn't even have a moment to put our purses down, not even hearing the band play yet, but the man was at the table asking for money for the band. Typically I tip a good amount because I have a friend that plays there, but the attitude the guy gave me for saying I didn't have change yet (which I didn't, I needed to break a large bill before I could leave a tip), made me not even want to be there anymore. I understand the band works for tips, and people will enjoy their entertainment without tipping at all, but you need to give a person a second to sit down before expecting money.Stopped in for lunch and then returned for dinner on Christmas Day. Wonderful service. The Greek Salad is absolutely amazing. I really enjoyed the light dressing. Great beer selection too. The gumbo was great. The jambalaya was true southern comfort. Also had the amazing fried gator bites with yummy sauce for dipping. Worth the wait. Great place to watch the game too.We stopped here for drinks and they were good and reasonably priced. Some of the staff seemed to be having issues with one another. That made the ambiance a bit tense.Michael was an excellent server. Helped my mother and I to find a nice table inside away from the heat. Offered many helpful suggestions about the menu and was very passionate about the food he was serving. He constantly checked on us when needed and kept our waters from being dry. Thank you for such excellent service that is so hard to find. We will be back again.We wandered over to the Market Café for a Muffaletta sandwich when we found the Central Grocery closed. Only hours until our flight left NoLa, we felt an urgency to try this famous Muffaletta!
The Market Café was nice. I mean, I liked it. It had outdoor seating, a large bar in the middle of the inside area, and some TVs. I would call it a dive, except that it was surrounded by windows and natural sunlight (I work from the assumption that dives are dingy). About four servers sat at a nearby table rolling silverware in napkins. Whenever we wanted something, we need only catch the eye of one of them.
Service was friendly and pretty quick. We ordered Bloody Mary's and a Muffaletta to share. The Bloody Mary's tasted like they were from a mix and were a huge letdown after the amazing concoction from Brennan's. 
The Muffaletta? Well, it was okay. Neither one of us had one before nor have we had one since so we have no grounds for comparison. What I can say is that it was huge and that, between the two of us, we could not eat a whole one. We thought that it was too salty - the combination of meats and giardiniera was a bit much for us (perhaps also the influence of the Bloody Mary).
We left satisfied and would probably return if we visited New Orleans another time.Went here and was waited on by Emily A. She was an amazing server! Quick, bright and attentive! I like this place a lot! Live music and great food! I'd want to give this place a 5 star but felt a little insulted by the gentleman collecting tips for the band. After giving out all my cash to pan handlers throughout the day, only had a dollar cash to place in the tip bucket! I was snubbed by the guy and felt it was time to leave. It's tough to be an artist in a city that doesn't pay. Otherwise perfect place! Shaded yet outside and by the water. Nice place thanks to the service I'd go back.Stopped by with a few friends right after we arrived in NoLa for Mardi Gras.  No, it's not fantastic, but it's not as bad as some other tourist "cajun" places I've been to in the French Quarter.  The oyster po' boy was delic. as was the bloody mary.  We were seated at a table that had a good view of the street and they kept the windows open so it was nice inside.
I wouldn't go here for a great dining experience but it's certainly better than other similar places.A huge thanks to the New Orleans local sitting at the table next to us who taught us how to properly eat a crawfish. You see, my friend and I, were struggling with the huge plate of them "mudbugs". I was biting into the shell trying to crack it open. The local must have felt pity on us...either that or she could not stand crawfish juice being splashed into her face everytime I haphazardly bit into one. For just $10...the market cafe offers a huge plate of boiled crawfish...a must try!!!I give this place 5 star just because I end up here evertime I take a trip to New Orleans...This is were I start my trip...The menu has all of the classic New Orleans dishes at a great price...I have never had a bad meal here...I love to sit back outdoors and listen to Jazz having a hurricane and a seafood platter while people watching...I have been here numerous times over the years and always look forward to spending time here...Nice open atmosphere with live music. Gumbo was best in the "Taste of New Orleans" dish, as the Shrimp Creole had a bit too much Tomato. A little pricey but worth it for atmosphere. Very nice and attentive wait staff.The music drew us in and was the best part of the meal. We sent the silverware back twice because it was dirty. Our waitress was pleasant and accommodated our requests for baked potato substitution, but the potatoes were hard. The veggies were ok but needed something. Our red fish main  dishes were fair. I know that is an outdoor venue but there are spiders galore.  In fact as I write this waiting for my check my wife knocked one off of my leg. I advise going elsewhere.Stopped here with a couple of friends on a trip to New Orleans. Was fairly disappointed and ended up wishing we'd eaten somewhere else. Service was SLOW. Our waiter took our drink order and then it was a good 25-30 minutes before our food came out. He never came to check on us or let us know what was going on, offer refills or anything. We listened to the band play, which was nice, but the guy got a little aggressive about tips. It was good and all, but sorry, none of us were carrying cash. I asked another waiter about getting a refill on my drink. He said he couldn't do it and left, which was really weird. Saw him taking a smoke break a minute later, which explained that. When the food finally came, it was just meh. I had the muffuletta. It just didn't have the good olive-y pop that I like from one. It was kind of bland. I got the half, which was still a large sandwich, but I had to order fries to go with it. My friend got the grilled shrimp, which she said was good, but not worth the cost, and her husband got the sampler plate, and his review was the same, ok, but not worth the price. It was also a pain because they won't split a ticket if you have multiple parties in your group, which is just dumb to me.Love this place! We enjoyed the cocktails and the staff.  The atmosphere was pleasant and the drinks were priced right and delicious.   Stopped there everyday as it became our favorite spot!Stopped by to grab a quick sandwich to go before my swamp tour, and was happy to see this place with just what I wanted.  Of all the times I've been to New Orleans, I'd never tried the Muffaletta, a sandwich made famous in The Big Easy, so it was the perfect opportunity to try.  I ordered the half order, with the waitress assuring me it would be enough, and she wasn't kidding!  For $8 the half order was huge and took over the whole to go box, big enough that they cut it into 2 pieces.  I honestly thought they made a mistake and gave me the whole order but they didn't.  
As for the sandwich itself, incredible!  The spices, olive oil, the Italian meat, and then the surprising crunchy texture of the marinated vegetables and fresh slightly toasted Italian bread blended to make a beautiful symphony in my mouth.  I was going to share the 2nd half of the sandwich order but after the first bite I decided not to and ate the whole thing.  It was that good.  
Afterwards, I kept thinking about the sandwich and wanted to try the Central Grocery Co, who invented the sandwich to begin with.  Surprisingly, I liked this sandwich (The Market Cafe's) much better!Not a bad stop during shopping in the market. Food is cheap and quick. The alligator bites were slightly spicy but good. Service was on point and it really was not that crowded. I recommend if in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat thereWhat I liked about this place was that there was a band out on the patio and they allowed dogs there. Otherwise this place did not impress me. I ordered the taste of New Orleans and the flavors were bland and my jambalaya was cold. For $20 I expected a lot more. Our server was great in the beginning, but after we got our food she totally neglected our table. She never came back to Check on us and I had to ask another server to get her for us so we could get our check. Overall this place was very mediocre and I will not be back.Very good service- very good music.  We stopped in here for a late light lunch after walking all day & buying our tourist goodies. We were seated quickly & drinks arrived lickity split.  We asked what was good- decided to try the alligator appetizers which taste like chicken (IMHO) they were tasty & I loved the sauce.  We decided ask the waitress her pick for a good sandwich to split.  She told us if we wanted to eat light to choose the 1/2 of a  Muffaletta.  My husband was concerned that we were sharing 1/2 a sandwich...he wanted to eat but not be stuffed.  When our sandwich arrived even my hubby thought it was huge!!!  Let me repeat myself the 1/2 sandwich is HUGE!!!!  The full sandwich takes up a whole plate!!!   Thank goodness we split this 1/2 sandwich I cannot imagine trying to eat this half sandwich by myself.  This sandwich was WONDERFUL and both hubby & I were satified!!!!  We got back to our hotel & noticed we'd left our shopping bag at the restaurant.  We walked back over expecting that our bag may not have been there but as we walked in our waitress noticed us & said you package is at the bar...yea!!!As in most places in New Orleans, service was bad. Waitress was slow and asked for us to pay her so she could go take a smoke break. Drinks were weak. Band solicited tips walking around from table to table. Waste of time and money.Terrible service. Good music and good food. I didn't like the fact that there was a 18% gratuity on groups of 5 or higher. We had 5 people and it took forever for drinks and food. We had to ask multiple times for the same drinks. It was definitely not worth the $20 tip that was included in our bill. The manager said it was mandatory even with bad service.This was the absolute worst experience of my life. We saw our server only TWICE in an hour.  Our server forgot to ring in half of our parties drinks. After we reminded her, that's the only time she returned to our table. We weren't able to get a refill on water, and it was July in NOLA. Not good. We asked the hostess to get our server, but the server still did not return. We asked our server for a manager, but the manager didn't care and didn't bother to come to our table. Our food took over an hour to get to our table, and one person in our party didn't get her food. I will go out of my way not to return.Sat down to rest our feet and wanted to sit outside. 
Positives: A large patio, live music
Negatives: Food didn't look that great (we didn't order any), only sugary alcoholic drinks on the menu, tables and chairs had to be cleaned again before we sat downUnimpressed. I got the taste of new orleans to-go and everything literally fit in in 8oz cup (like the ones for coffee). There was no seafood in my gumbo (disappointing). Waste of money.This place is a tourist trap, and they really don't care if you go back again. We went for lunch August 1, 2015, and it was a mess. We were seated outside, and the place was so disorganized that a server asked us if we were seated by a hostess or just found an open table ourselves. If the servers don't know you've been seated, it is not a good sign! 
The food was ok but took a very long time to come out. Half of our table was finished by the time the other half was served. To top off the bad experience, they charged $1 for each soda refill. I had a ginger ale in a plastic cup filled to the brim with ice. It was gone in two gulps, and I couldn't believe I was charged for a refill....rip off city! The server didn't warn me about the refill charges either, so it was kind of a shock when the bill arrived.
Will NOT go again, but they don't work for return business anyway.I'm a first time visitor to the great city of New Orleans and I ordered the New Orleans Sampler to get a taste of a little bit of everything (a cup of gumbo, a cup of shrimp creole, a cup of red beans and rice and a cup of jambalaya). I completed the lunch with a deliciously strong Hurricane 
My waitress was really sweet and the service was great. The live jazz music playing just outside the door was wonderful. Highly recommend to get your first sampler taste of NOLA!The food was delicious and the waitresses was very pleasant. I had a bowl of gumbo for lunch. It was well seasoned with a bit of spice. Nice kick. The pink grapefruit mimosa was pretty awesome too! The live music is a nice touch for a tourist like myself. The only shortcoming was the cleanliness of establishment. This restaurant received a 3-star rating simply because cleanliness is a big deal for me.The food wasn't bad.  Decent service and the food was tasty.
I think I had better gumbo and po boys elsewhere, but the live music and the ambience totally made up for it. =)4 stars due to the Great service and good, reasonably priced breakfast buffet. Buffet is only $10. The food on it was fresh and hot. The biscuits are delicious - light & buttery.  The fruit was sweet. 
Service is excellent and friendly. 
I would eat there again.Being a New Orleans native, I tend to write off all places in the Quarter, save for a special few, as overpriced and touristy. The French Market, especially. But I was with Midwesterners, so I had to find something that was likely to have very little flavor.
We sat inside. They have live music every night and, although it wasn't too loud, I had been walking around all day and just wanted some a/c. They have big windows though, so you can still watch people walk around.
The group started with an appetizer of alligator bites. I normally skip this, because I think there's a reason why you never see much of it, but one of the people I was with was dead set on trying alligator. Have to say though that it was probably the best alligator I've ever had. If it wasn't chewier than chicken, I would have thought chicken, because it lacked the slightly fishy taste and the oily nature that you usually get with gator. And the dipping sauce was really good.
My main course was a debris po-boy. If you don't know what this is, look it up, but I will say that it's pronounced with the emphasis on the first syllable, like "Deborah." I wasn't thrilled about it, but I liked the bread they use, which I thought was very true to what po-boy bread should be. This was served with a small side of jumbalaya. I have to say this was very good jumbalaya. Probably the best and closest to my family's that I've had at a restaurant. One of the few times I've eaten it without having to douse it with hot sauce.
My partner had the red beans & rice. It's not normally served with sliced bread. At least I've never eaten it like that except at some restaurants. The sauce doesn't lend itself well to being soaked up by bread, so there's no point in giving you bread with it: you just get more rice. Rolls? Cornbread? Sure. But I thought it was good. Good balance between the beans and rice and, most importantly, they used the right kind of rice. The andouille tasted good to me.
So it is definitely expensive. More or less impossible to eat for under $10 per person. But you get a TON of meat with your dish. Even the chicken pasta had kinda too much meat.
Other downside: the wife got sick. Woke up with some bad stomach pain. She ate nothing but what I ate except she had more of the red beans. So it could have been the sausage. Who knows though. Could have been the hot dog we had earlier.
Would I walk down here again just to eat? Absolutely not. I know of a lot of other places that are way better for the same price or less. But they have a good menu with a lot of variety and a good drink list, so it's not a bad choice if you have a big group.My husband and I stopped in here Wednesday 3/11 for breakfast.  We sat outside on a lovely morning and listened to live music.  We both had the breakfast buffet.  It was very good.  The service was great and friendly.  I would go back for sure.This place is OK. This was our first stop after driving from FL and we were really hungry lol we just wanted something quick to eat and research places to go. This place is over priced for what they are offering. I got the Greek salad first off it was just a plain garden salad with a block of feta. Then they brought me out honey mustard sauce with it. The salad wasn't Greek at all didn't even have tzatziki on it so...fail. They did have an all you can eat breakfast bar at the same time for $10 which isn't bad. I didn't get it though because it was 1130 my boyfriend go it though. He got two full plates. So it's worth it for that. Again don't come here looking for anything special. To me it's overpriced.We had a party of 5 & the decision was unanimous...the food stinks!!  The po boy was slopped with mayo & butter & the alligator sausage had no taste.  The bread was tougher than the meat.  The jambalaya was nothing but a heavy dose of rice with little meat.  If it hadn't been 9 pm on Xmas & I'd finally found a parking space a block away, we would've dropped this joint like a hot beignet.  But, desperation for food made us plow thru this "meal".  Adding insult to injury, the waiter had a funky smell that ought to be damned.  Stay away if you can.  The worst $120 bucks that I've spent in Life.AMAZING service, especially considering the horrendous service from a competing establishment across the street.
Food was top-notch: I had a roast-beef po-boy (so tasty) and some popcorn shrimp with what I think was a homemade remoulade. SO good.
And the price was right! Po-boys hover around $10.
I'll be back to check on those huge muffalettas I saw!Sunday morning breakfast, at 9:30, we walked right in and got a seat...and quickly we're greeted by a waitress. Food was very good, bacon was plentiful, thick and crispy...more than I could eat. Biscuits were good, hubby had the ham and cheese omelet, full of lots of ham and very filling. We'd definitely return...service and food were both worth a return visit!I don't like to give negative reviews, but this occasion warrants one. My extended family was out for a good meal in the Quarter and landed here because the menu looked Cajun traditional. We were seated straightaway, and attended to promptly. So far so good. Then the food came. 
I had the Taste of New Orleans, with a bland chicken & sausage gumbo, an uninspiring jambalaya, a decent shrimp creole, and delicious red rice and beans. My wife had a full portion of the rice and beans, and my kids had a fried crawfish app, and a shrimp po'boy. The crawfish was reportedly good, but the sandwich left a lot to be desired. A sandwich starts with bread, and her bread was stale! She soldiered through it, as did a nephew who got a shrimp & oyster po'boy. That bread was like a day old French loaf--only good for pain perdu (French toast). 
The worst was the barbecue shrimp my brother-in-law ordered. He sent it back for being extremely overcooked. I don't even think he got a bite in. 
Our waitress was effusive in her apology for the BBQ shrimp, and if my daughter knew enough, she might have sent her sandwich back, but this was a disappointing meal. Proceed with caution.Great atmosphere and people watching. We got attentive & friendly service from Anna as well as the rest of the crew & the live music was on point. Breakfast buffet had fantastic bacon!Nice place to people watch and grab a bite to eat and a cocktail! We had gumbo, jambalaya, and fried crawfish bites. Two thumbs up! The drinks were nice and strong too! Service was just ok. Live band playing was also just ok, not very 'lively'.Even my dog thought that the food was average. 
Long wait times, bland and ununique food, and higher than average prices. The only saving grace is its location and the live music, but those alone weren't enough to convince my stomach--or my wallet--that this place was worth the visit.Great mixed drinks...try the Hurricane or the Peach Daquiri. Food is so/so...the highlight being the Muffuleta, with olive salad topping. Po Boys are slapped onto regular Italian Bread...doesn't do the name justice.Food Road Trip: New Orleans, LA Day 10
Exploring the French Quarter, looking for places to eat since we did not prepare in advance which places we should try. We actually didn't think we would be going to New Orleans because of the hurricane so I was texting my gf to ask her friend who use to live near New Orleans for some recommendations. One of the ones he recommended was Cafe Du Monde, so we remember seeing that and headed over there. Being the newbies that we were, we did not know that all they serve were beingnets and drinks. By this time, we are starving, so we head towards Market Cafe and was solicited by one of the employees to try them out. She hands all of us a menu and we sit down since we really needed to eat. What drew us initially to this place, other than being hungry was the live band playing. That was a nice touch.
The waitress was very friendly and the food came out pretty fast, which was a big plus at the time. I had an oyster poor boy and I was not disappointed. The sandwich is pretty simple, some crusty toasted french bread lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, mayo and the fried oysters but it was oh so good. 
Side note:  I finally realized while I was eating this that the South has perfected the art of deep frying. Everything fried thing we ordered from Richmond to New Orleans so far has been really good. 
Since we like to share, I also got to taste Market Cafe's jambalaya, gumbo, red beans & rice and crawfish etouffee. The jambalaya was better than Mothers and the etouffee was on the same level but it was cheaper. Those 4 items cost about $16 and the portion was the same.  I had a good time eating there since the band was playing throughout our lunch. Friendly service, jazz music, good food, and decent prices: I'm not a greedy guy so I couldn't think of a better place to spend for lunch.I really was prepared to give this place a 5-Star rating. The food was SO GOOD! My husband and I shared muffuletta that was THE BEST I've ever eaten in New Orleans. (They serve it hot, folks, so you may have to request it cold if you prefer it that way.) The French fries were crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, piping hot, and perfectly seasoned. I don't think I've had a better lunchtime meal in all of the French Quarter in the 50+ years I've visited the area. Everything was fantastic...until the check came. I placed my debit card in the holder, and when the server returned to our table to retrieve it she said, "We're not accepting any cards right now." Say what?!??!?!?!? She went on to explain that "Cox is down" which I assume is the Internet service used to process their cards. Why weren't we told this BEFORE we placed our order so that we could make an informed decision as to whether or not we wanted to eat there under those circumstances. (We would most definitely have gone elsewhere as we had almost no cash on us.) She AND the manager invited us to go ACROSS THE STREET to the ATM (where there is a $3.75 charge) for cash. They were so matter of fact about it as if this happens all the time or is something to be expected for which we should have been prepared. We eat out A LOT, and NEVER have we been told (especially not AFTER we were already finished eating and HAD TO pay!!!) that debit and credit cards weren't accepted. I understand that stuff happens, especially when it comes to technology, but TELL CUSTOMERS IN ADVANCE and provide them the opportunity to decide whether to stay or not!!!!!!!! The food rocked, but the service in this regard stunk to high heaven.How to rate this place......um location is a plus
The waitress was pleasant but she asked me 4 or 5 times if i wanted white or wheat bread.  Everytime i stated wheat.
And somehow i got white.  I try not to complain about little shit but i found that extremely annoying.  Wasnt busy and seriously, how hard can that be.
She also screwed up my wifes order too.
Now to make up for incompetence your food must be amazing, it was ok.  Nothing bad but nothing special either so this is how ill remember my stay.
After we left a nice jazz band started playing.  Sounded pretty good and wouldve liked to been there for that, maybe that wouldve gained em another star.Ate their for breakfast religiously on my trip. Great coffee. I didn't do the all you can eat breakfast.  I rolled w the western omelette sans cheese. . Very friendly and efficient staff.Situato nel mezzo del mercato nel quartiere francese, offre la possibilità di gustare un pasto veloce seduti all'aperto, dove c'è un piccolo palco, in cui gli artisti i musicisti si esibiscono in cambio di qualche tip. Noi abbiamo consumato dei dolci nel menu ce ne sono tre li abbiamo assaggiati tutti erano buoni.