Came here twice during our trip! Once for lunch and once for breakfast right before we left.. Huge portions, cheap and fast ..So, this might be the most fun we have had...   Great diner food, super fast, Flossy and Dommy (waitresses) are awesome!  The gravy is the best!!!
Don't pass this up!!!I loved the vibe of this place!  It had a real New Orleans feel. The staff was entertaining and attentive. It actually was the best omelette I've had at a restaurant because it tasted seasoned and the eggs were fluffy. Our server, Frankie,  was very nice and helpful.  It's small, but the wait isn't that long.Good food for a reasonable price. Can't get a better meal for the money in the French quarter. Had New Orleans staple of red beans and rice with spicy sausage and was good.Must go here!
The staff is not only super awesome with their service, they make you feel right at home. The seating is diner style and cozy. One long curvy tabletop and some great diner stools - you can't go wrong! Hard not to strike up a conversation with your neighbors next to you or in front of you. 
Excluding the coffee, the food was fantastic!! I got the Manhattan Omelet ( eggs, cheese, bacon, and bits of potatoes). It is massive first of all and not too greasy. I was so sad that I couldn't finish it all! I really wanted to! 
The only down side was that their coffee was definitely diner coffee. But I didn't mind once I got into that omelet! If I am every in NOLA again I will definitely go here again!Cheap prices. Great food. Even better ambiance.
This old-school sit at the counter diner offers a truly unique dining experience. While it is virtually irrelevant what I had-- I got the chili omelet with hashbrowns.  Everything was delicious, particularly the hashbrowns.
Food is prepared before your eyes.  Also, you get to experience all the witty banter of the cooks and waiters as they make your meals.
It's quick, easy, cheap nd fun. Definitely worth a visit if you're trying to get a greasy breakfast in the french quarter to sooth that hangover.This place is horrible. We visited on 6/17/17 and received the worse waiter ever. He was either drunk or high and messed up everyone's at the counter order. My omelette was horrible with sliced imitation cheese and bacon. My husband ordered pancakes, turkey bacon and scrambled eggs with cheese. He received the pancakes and nothing else. We decided to cut our loses and pay for what we received and leave. The manager made adjustments to the ticket, I commented that he should comp the entire meal because it was poor service and the food was horrible. The cook couldn't keep up with the bad food orders being called out by the waiter. The drunk waiter said "well leave with yo broke ass". He cursed at us while we ordered our food and as we were leaving. At first we thought it was playful and somewhat endearing, but it quickly became offensive. I told the manager and the entire counter that the waiter was drunk and unprofessional and needed to be relieved for the day. We paid $10 as instructed by the cashier and left. I encourage tourists not to patronize this restaurant. I will be contacting the owner next.I've been a fan of the original Camellia Grill for YEARS, so it's not suprise that this one is also, just as fantastic.... except this one is in the French Quarter.
You know when you're in the quarter... feeling a little dehydrated, er...um... drunk, and you wish that you could make it to Camellia Grill for a double cheeseburger, fries and a waffle? No? Is that just me? Well, you don't know what you're missing.
Even when i'm not "dehydrated," a burger and waffle from here are a spectacular combination... and YES... I share.... SOMETIMES.
The location really can't be beat in the quarter. It's not so close to Bourbon that people get on your nerves, but it is right down the street from One Eyed Jack's.
Even though I am partial to the burgers, the omlets and hashbrowns are equally amazing, as are the sandwiches.
Also, The staff is extremely friendly which is always a plus.BEST BREAKFAST EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We came here while visiting for Halloween. It was so amazing that we went back multiple times during our visit. 
Get the Manhattan or Mexican omelette, and enjoy the ambiance!Southern comfort food to its finest. They take care of you here! The fellas working here are so funny and friendly. 
I'm sure this place doesn't look like it's the cleanest but it has good comfort food and a fun attitude by the cooks. I got their burger and fries and gumbo, both turned out to be really good! I really like the gumbo, even though I'm not a fan of the okra in anything and I know gumbo has okra... but it actually worked in their gumbo! They have menu items that are not on the menu, but if you ask they'll recommend their version of it. 
The pecan pie at the end with ice cream was also very delish. You pay at the cashier but tip the cooks. Prices were very good too!A great little retro place that harkens back to 1960-something or other. The seating is all bar style which gives you a chance to get to know your neighbor with the waiter able to help anyone at the bar. The staff were all helpful and kind.
I had 2 eggs over medium wheat toast, turkey bacon, and coffee. An easy breakfast done perfectly. My wife had a veggie omelet with hash browns, and tea and if judging by how quickly she ate it counts I'd say it was terrific as well. 
The atmosphere and the attitude of the staff along with the bar seating gave a relaxed easy feel allowing for easier digestion.
You should go here!Great unique place. Average meal $7.50!!  One of the best cheap places to eat in the French Quarter.Super fun to go eat at this place on a rainy night in New Orleans! The service was so fun. I love just sitting at the diner top and having the server just talk to everybody. We wanted a good classic diner food and this place delivered. I got the Ruben which was really good. I think I would prefer my meat more thinly slice and a little bit more chopped up. these are some pretty thick sliced meat. But the sauerkraut was really yummy. My little girl ordered  just pancakes and we were all fighting her for him they were so good so so good. My other daughter and have you ordered the chicken and sausage gumbo first time for both of them to try gumbo and they lick the bowl clean.
I has been ordered their special which was a fillets sausage in it probably any thought was really good too. 
The thing that stole the show for me was the Pecan pie mercy not only was it delicious they took the Pecanpie put it on the stove and heated it up so it was like a grilled pecan pie! Mercy it was so good I am now at pecan pie fanThe guys behind the counter really made this meal! Fun, personable, and they made sure you left happy. The pecan pie A-MAZING! Everything else was average diner food. Absolutely worth stopping in for a bite.Great service! Fast and friendly waiters. They were always on it and refilled our water frequently. The food was definitely good and deserves 4 stars. Nothing too fancy. Check this place out.Perfect!! Best cheeseburger EVER! New Orleans is a foodie's dream city, and cheeseburgers are on every menu...but skip those in favor of more adventurous fare and order one here! Fries are just okay, but the onion rings are OUTSTANDING! Really everything on the menu sounds amazing. Can't wait to try this diner out for breakfast.Great food, service, atmosphere, and price. Easily on of the best omelettes of my life.Chances are if you're smart you've already visited this New Orleans institution. If you're not there's still time to save yourself. This ain't IHOP or Dennys. The guys working at the grill really love their job. And it shows. Peanut took good care of us and made us feel like family. I love all the staff. 
Do your self a favor. While in the Big Easy go to camilia grill. Get smarter.We were looking for a breakfast place on a Tuesday morning and found a lot of the restaurants were not open. Camilla Grill on Chartres was open and surprisingly not full. Others can tell you about the layout etc. We ordered Bacon and Eggs and waffle and sausage. Both were good and fit the bill for a quick breakfast. The servers are also entertainers making sure the diners get a good meal and some off the wall entertainment.The prices were good for New Orleans. We got our food in short order while it was still hot.
Try Camilla Grill for breakfast or other meals.The breakfast was so simple yet so delicious! I loved the grits and eggs. I have visited Nawlins many times, but never made it over here. My friend saw the listing on yelp and we made a visit. It feels like a real southern cooking diner. I liked the friendly waitstaff and the prices are great for breakfast. Especially compared to all the other places in the french quarter. I will definitely be stopping by next time Im in NOLA!This was one of the best burgers I've ever had! The food is delicious, the service is great. A must go if you're in town!Yummmm!  Sit in Ronalds section if you can, hes a riot!  Had a mufulatta, gumbo, and chocolate pecan pie.  It was all delicious!  Ronald would sing his order to the chef or sing aloud to the restaurant.....it was a blast!!!A few friends had been to another location and gotten amazing milkshakes, so when we wanted some cheap, fast food we thought we'd go to this one. The food itself was fine, basic 50s diner food (I'd probably say it's safest to stick to burgers and fries) , great giant milkshakes, great prices, but my goodness what a strange experience it was. Our server was sick-drunk and kept trying to flirt with the other girls in the group by interrupting our meal. It was super awkward. I'm pretty sure one of the older employees was covering for him and taking care of our order. After a while, we were afraid to make eye contact with him and just tried and hurry and get the heck out of there. Hopefully that was a unique experience and other experiences aren't as bad.I have never been so inclined to write a poor review, but we waited 20 minutes for coffee, and a mimosa, and watched the four couples around us come in the door, sit, get their food(!), and mimosas(lucky them, and from the same server) and talk with the 2 servers.  When the food came, we were missing both our side orders.  Frustrating because when my friend tried to order fries, the server cut him off to say they came with his omlette.  Strange, and well, they didn't.  While i was ordering the server was too busy yessing me to death to actually listen to what i was saying apparently, maybe that's why i didn't get my grits.  And I'm not that person that decides what i want while i make the server stand there.  It took all of 5 seconds for me to order coffee mimosa eggs bacon grits.  We tried to get a server's attention for ten minutes and gave up so we could eat our food while it was still hot.  It was just so unbelievable that we sat for so long with nothing in front of us, except our orders that had been filled out on paper by the server and laying in front of us.  I had to leave to plug the meter that i had fed 44 minutes prior a block away, and it was expired when i got there, all before we got our orders of eggs.    It's embarrassing that people are willing to spend their money on poor service and adequate food just to sit on a hard stool and watch people yell nonsense at each other.  Grow up, and take more value in your money and time.  I have served, bartender, and been an FB manager for 15 years, and while I don't necessarily expect the kind of service I provide to my guests when i go out, the indifference of the servers here is unacceptable.  I feel bad for tourists that come to town and see this as New Orleans hospitality.  While the prices are reasonable, I would only return here when it is slow, so that I feel more confident in getting a server's attention and my food in a timely manner.My husband went looking for breakfast one morning and got pointed to "Camille's". I guess the locals call it Camilles but the sign and the menus say The Grill. He came back to our hotel with such delicous breakfasts for us that we wound up going back for lunch! This is a diner at it's finest -- nothing fancy but great food and banter for entertainment. Looking forward to returning just for the sausages alone!!The best. Reminds me of my youth when my mother use to bring me to brunch every Wen's day at the original location.. Service was great. I enjoyed reliving a true childhood experience.Love this place and atmosphere. 
The food is good and cheap. Great service too!
Some my not the possibility of sitting next to a stranger, most patrons  most don't care. Also you can get lunch for breakfast if you don't like breakfast foods.
Filth factor ***Great atmosphere and good service. Clean. The food has really gone downhill over the past year. Omlette was overdone on the outside and raw on the inside while the hashbrowns were undercooked and literally swimming in grease. For the price there is much better food to be had here in NOLA. Try Stanley's just on the other side of Jackson Square.This used to be Camelia grill but somehow changed to just The Grill. The menu is largely the same and the food is excellent and hearty and the waiters are fun to chat with.There's too many other great choices in the French Quarter. You can afford to miss this one. Me and the wife had a burger and omelette and I'd have to say that the Waffle House is better. The layout was unique and the service was good but the food was just meh.Um so it can't be called Camellia Grill because of a contract dispute with the original owners, but the decor, the menu, the staff, it's all Camellia.
The food is the same as the original uptown location which is reliable diner food. In the past month, I've had a tuna salad sandwich (and stole fries from a friend) and then a late night pecan waffle...although they did break my heart by not having cane syrup to go with the waffle. C'mon people.
The chocolate freeze is still delicious and, yes, I gave myself a headache. Plus points for excellent ice in their ice teas & cokes.This place was great came in for a snack because it was mid-afternoon lunch time decided to have the hamburger po-boy as I sat and watched other po boys and breakfast being made I sat in all looking at how delicious everything look not only is the staff very friendly as well as entertaining but the food is scrumptious I had a sandwich for the first time that felt so good I didn't want to eat it the bread was so soft the hamburger was nice and juicy cooked perfectly I will definitely be back again for breakfast or a po boy this is a must-stop placeThis place is a good stop for a quick bite to eat or a hangover cure. I have been here on several trips to the Quarter and I feel like it is overpriced for the food quality. On this visit I was not super impressed with our server, Ricky. I watched his interactions with other female patrons (unfriendly, borderline rude) and then the change of demeanor when serving male customers (complete 180, very talkative). Overall it was a pretty rotten customer service experience, he acted like I was inconveniencing him when I reminded him he forgot part of my meal 20 minutes after serving my entree. My food (burger with coleslaw) was pretty blah and pricey but I was hungry and tired of walking. I may or may not eat here again but either way I definitely won't be sitting in his section, I don't need a side of misogyny with my sandwich. :)Came back three days in a row!!! First day was a little long to get in but sure worth the wait for real diner food and atmosphere. John and peanut were so entertaining! Singing and service was fast fast fast!!!The service here is fantastic! Super friendly and helpful waiters, the kitchen is open so you can hear the cooks bantering and the place is squeaky clean. It's a really cute diner, with marble counters and cushy stools and a pretty classic menu. Big sandwiches, burgers, soups etc. My sister and I shared a small gumbo (we're from the north and we weren't sure if we'd like it) and a fried catfish sandwich. They cut the sandwich in half and gave it to us on two plates, and gave us two separate, generous bowls of gumbo (I think the waiter really wanted us to have the full experience.) Both were fantastic, the catfish was ultra crispy and the gumbo was very full flavored with just a hint of heat. I think it ran up to less than ten dollars, too. Great spot, highly recommend!My go to place in Nola is now CLOSED.   Food was always good. Service was fast. Reasonably priced.  Always busy but never had to wait long. Can anyone tell me why this place is closed. So disappointed to go there and see it closed.Affordable place that serves okay food.  All these guys are friendly and are more entertainers than providers of food.  I got there when they opened, their white jackets were starched and spotless, with black bow ties, nice NOLA touch.  My husband's western omelette was not done in the middle, but had black on the outside.  The hash browns were greasy and black.  My Hickman Hamburger was good, tasty meat, done and seasoned just right.  Fresh veggies, sautéed mushrooms and onions, Swiss cheese.  It disintegrated after a couple of bites and I ate it with a fork, I would recommend it.  If you want to try this place, do lunch.One of the high points of our New Orleans weekend, The Grill is a happening spot! True short-order chefs grilling up the best breakfast I can remember. Joey at the counter is a total pro, serving you with style, grace, and humor.  The community seating just fosters good times and happy feelings, and the food is just what the doctor ordered after a night on the town.  I can't imagine coming to NOLA without stopping at The Grill.  Fun and filling!Holy greasy spoon wonderment! Hash browns were buttery and delicious, omelets were so good they were gobbled up in mere minutes. 
The Bloody Mary (with pickles and jalapeño!) was a surprise in styrofoam, Sooo frakin good and the staff is so pleasant they'll make you day the moment you walk in!Come here for awesome cheap eats in the French Quarter. I'm still thinking about the juicy beefy burger that I had there earlier today. My daughter had the terrific muffuletta, which is served on a loaf of french bread instead of the usual round loaf. The red beans and rice and gumbo were also great--not the best that I've had, but very satisfying and delicious. And we fought over a couple of slices of apple pie and Chick's chocolate cream pie. 
The place feels really old school--in a good way, with marble countertops, diner stools, and a totally casual vibe. It draws an eclectic crowd: I sat across from a wealthy-looking elderly couple, a couple of guys in heavy metal t-shirts, and a few ladies who sounded like they were from Eastern Europe. We really enjoyed ourselves.
This place is now called The Grill, I guess because of the legal dispute over the name that was in the papers this year. 
Our bill for the five of us was less than $50 including tip. What a bargain! We're coming back for another meal.Seriously the best breakfast I've had probably in my entire life. Just don't go the ATM across the street. Most definitely the worst smell I've experienced in my life.I have fallen in love with The Camellia Grill so when I saw this whilst strolling along the French Quarter, I knew immediately that this is where we are eating dinner.
The charm of the place does not equal the original Camellia Grill, but the servers are as quick, delightful and friendly. The food is also the greasy guilty pleasure I was sorely hoping for. And the milkshakes.... *sigh* They simply cannot be missed!
If you want a reasonably priced place to eat in the Quarter, this place is a good bet.Friendly! And funny! Great service! Serving old-fashion diner food at near old-fashion prices. Definitely a place to return to for breakfast in the middle of everything.
Marble-topped horseshoe diner with jacketed waiters who are swift, friendly, and funny.A really good diner with a great range of omelettes. I had the Ranos which includes spinach. It was delicious. Hash brown was good too. The place is made by the waiters fun and wit. Coffee could be better.Barely 3 - Food is just ok.  Mexican Omelet - ok.  Hash browns not crispy.  Over easy eggs came out hard (after a long wait).  The waiter recooked the eggs perfectly,.  Grits were bland (I know.. "it's grits what do you expect")  but I didn't really factor that. and reserved the bacon after warming in the fryer.Best bacon cheese omlette I've ever had!  Came here once years ago drunk and hungry and been looking for it ever since. Found it today (sober) and it did not disappoint. My daughter had the bacon burger with grilled onions and it was delicious!! Now that I know where this place is I'll be back every time I visit Nola!The atmosphere and location are great! My husband and I came for breakfast. The food is ok...tasty but nothing special and the portions are large.Ate here twice during my stay in New Orleans last March because it was inexpensive, delicious, and a few blocks away from our hotel. Very convenient. I really enjoyed the bar-style dining, as I'm so used to sitting in the usual table setting. Atmosphere was fun (1950's style) and the servers were super friendly.
Would recommend coming here for breakfast and/or lunch.
Oh, and did I mention that my bill was ~$6? Score.Great service. Super nice employees working the counter and great food. Lots of southern and American option. Milkshake was great and had kids menu.This used to be The Camellia Grill. Due to a lawsuit they had to change the name.
The Grill serves breakfast food all day, burgers and sandwiches. 
The burgers are juicy and served on a butter bun and that makes it good. This is a greasy spoon kinda place. Eggs, hashbrowns and sausage are good but a little greasy.
I ordered the mashed potatoes with brown gravy and the were awful. There were gravy lumps (not potatoes) and the flavor was off.
The real issue is the service. They just don't care. Our waiter sat in a chair with his head down so we had to ask another waiter for refills and a cup of coffee. And that waiter wasn't too happy we asked.
The location is great in the quarter and they are open late. Maybe to cut the alcohol or for a hangover.We had a party of 10 for breakfast and Peanut and the crew took awesome care of us. Breakfast and a show! We had GREAT food and a lot of fun. 
Too bad this is our last day or we would be back tomorrow. Can't score them high enough!My Family and I visited New Orleans from California and we made a trip out to this restaurant.
My family had a good experience with the food, where as I did not. 
They got a hamburger and a corn beef sandwich, which they RAVED about.
I ordered the grilled cheese with American cheese and bacon. The bacon was good, but other than that- not so good. And the dinner salad was a little pathetic. Almost $5 for a tiny plate of lettuce with tomatoes and a packet of salad dressing.
Oh the Plus side, the atmosphere was awesome. The cooks were lively and welcoming and the host up front was sweet (and awfully cute!)Best breakfast in New Orleans. Casual diner atmosphere. Omelets are outstanding and massive--we were happy we split ours. Staff is very, very fun. 
We had great food in nola (Cochon, GW Fins) and I am somewhat embarrassed to suggest that our omelet at The Grill was on par with those culinary experiences, but it is true.Hmmmm The Grill.... What can I say about this place..... I had no idea what to expect when I walked into this seemingly unassuming restaurant, on the corner of Toulouse and Chartes. Our original plan was to check out a jazz-brunch spot, but after driving around searching for parking for a few blocks we decided on this spot.
It is a full diner style spot (waffle house-esque) with entertaining, friendly servers and greasy food. Food was a notch above mediocre as was the coffee, but the bacon stole the show (at least for me) and their energy was contagious. Oh and you only get one free coffee refill. Individual service was a bit lacking, but as a group, the servers are charming.
Definitely a light, fun atmostphere to have breakfast, brunch, lunch, or whatever by yourself or with the whole gang. Will definitely be back.This is what I pictured places should be in New Orleans. The people who work are make the experience of eating there fun. Which in addition to the good food makes it all around a great place. I has the waffles which by themselves wasn't anything special. But they have Butter Love. They give you Butter Love and Syrup at each place and it made my mediocre waffle one of the best. My fiance had an omelette with chili (maybe called the mexican or something similar ) that he loved. The chili was delicious. The staff is funny and entertaining.So, I want to give this place a 5 because the men working behind the counter are ADORABLE and sweet but the pancakes were nothing special nor were the chili fries. However, the atmosphere was authentic, the service was great and I was told the bacon is the best- ever. Very affordable (hesitant to say "cheap" in case confused with low quality) but look at the menu and you'll see that prices are very fair. If you're looking for an old world diner feel with true southern hospitality this is your spot. (Also, catch a glimpse of the sweatshirts they have on display in a haphazard shadow box.)Got the Camellia club sandwich with fries and my husband got a burger. Super delicious food and cute atmosphere. Staff is very funny, and friendly. Good food and great service! Will come back soon for sure.Great greasy spoon fare, including burgers, fries, pecan waffles and much more. But the real reason to come here is for the nostalgia factor, its like stepping into the 1950s and the service is great! I went twice and I was only in NOLA for three days!Absolutely fantastic breakfast....best I had here in NOLA.  Get the hash browns.  Do not skip them!!!!This place was really cool! The seating allows you to talk to other people from all over as you eat, since you sit at  a u-shaped  counter.  The food was actually really good, and so cheap for New Orleans. The bread used on the hamburger and sandwiches was so soft, and the chocolate freeze was amazing... We actually went here twice and had a "Word Special", which was a spicy sausage sandwich that my sis liked, and we also saw that they have apple pie (warmed on the grill!) a la mode.... yummy!Nope. The food would have been okay, but the staff has a dysfunctional system where the waiter takes your order, then yells, "CHEF! Listen Up!" and then barks the customer order to the guys on the grill. I guess they think it sounds cool to do that, but I immediately thought they were going to mess up the orders, and they did.
Here's the other flaw: the waiter keeps the written order in front of the customer and the "chef" never sees it, so he'll easily forget whether you wanted your order with cheese or without, home fries or toast, eggs over-easy or scrambled... Our order, and the surrounding five patrons around us also had their orders completely mixed up. It was a disaster, just because of the dysfunctional oral ordering system. Breakfast took 40 minutes.
Some family with little kids walked in and our server tantalized the 3-year old with "Gimme Five's" until the squealing, screaming kid had completely dominated the atmosphere, which ruined it for everyone else. If only the waiter worked in a day-car facility...
The other 20-some customers feigned tolerance and we all gobbled up our food quickly to get out of there. I'm a Dad, and I like children, but not in a breakfast diner. Even our 11-year old felt discomfort.
Never again.LOVED this place!!  It was our last meal in NOLA and I am glad we ended on such a good note.  Randomly found this place on yelp while getting ready and thought this kind of meal would be great.  I wanted breakfast, hubby wanted a burger.
Totally cheap prices, especially for the French Quarter.  The staff was fun and made food FAST.  
This is a must when you come to this great city.We asked for a breakfast spot recommendation from our hotel's concierge and this is the first place they named. I LOVE breakfast, so it's not a meal I ever miss, even after a late night of drinking on Bourbon!
This place is a short order diner. It is a little chaotic and loud, and when there's a line of people standing around waiting for their turn, it can make you feel a little rushed, BUT I thought it was fun. 
The guy helping us (Joey) was just SO very NEW ORLEANS. He was loud and playful (never stopped singing) and had a crazy system for keeping up with the orders. He definitely woke me up that morning! It was like a party at breakfast. 
I was really impressed that the cooks could keep track of all the orders as they were shouted out at them. 
This was entertainment to me but I could tell other patrons weren't into the spectacle. I suppose it depends on your personality.
The food itself was nothing mind blowing, (I had eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, pancakes) but it was the greasy sustenance I needed to help me recover from the night before and fuel me for another day of NOLA fun!
If you want a quick breakfast before hitting the town, this is a great spot.Great prices and good down-home greasy food.  
We've always gone to the location in the Garden District and found this location, by accident, on Yelp.  The French Quarter is notorious for over-priced food.  $10 for burger and all that nonsense.  The Camellia Grill is a nice alternative.  So it's not the fanciest food in town. It's still good!  Like an upgraded version of the Awful-Waffle (The Waffle House). 
Burgers, Breakfast and everything in-between.  This location is just few blocks off Bourbon Street, next to Jackson square.  
We shared a burger, fries, onion rings and waffe.  All were good. I love the Omlette's here too.  They are delicious! 
If you are stumbling around the Quarter and need a good late-night place to ease your drunken stupor, this is THE place to grub on the cheap.Price, atmosphere, location and service; all top notch. The short order cook prepares your meal as the server rattles off your requests. Tasty food that won't hurt your pocketbook.Great service with a hometown feel, the food is cheap and huge portions and delicious!The food is awesome, no fancy garnishes, names, or gourmet foolery. Just good old fashioned, sometimes pretty, sometimes ugly, but always good food.  
The staff do a lot of joking crazy talking, and laughing, and the place is a counter style set up all the way around. I come and have breakfast or lunch here everyday when I'm in Nawlins.Perfect place for breakfast or brunch! Highly recommend it, staff is nice and food came out fast and it was deliciousOur waiter Brandon was awesome. (I finally remembered a name!!) He was super funny and really helpful. 
I loved the atmosphere and the setup of the restaurant - a bit like Kettle but more like Cheers. 
He gave us advice on where to hang out in Nola and where NOT to hang out which was perfect.Authentic. Service is subpar but its apart of the experience. Keep in mind you have five guys cooking, bussing, serving, basically everything. Get off your high horse and enjoy some New Orleans fun and food.Don't go just for desert they ignore you and are rude.  Told us, after everyone around us got burgers and sandwiches before us, we were at fault for only ordering desert.  Unless your eating a meal don't bother.Wow, so bummed to see that this place has closed! I hope it is only temporary, as it was one of my favorite breakfasts in the Quarter. 
The pancakes were tender and fluffy, the hash browns crisp, and my vegetable omelette was huge and chock full of tasty, grilled veggies.. 
The service, too, was welcoming and quick. 
What could have gone wrong?The French Quarter branch of Camellia Grill is as classic as the original. Best breakfast and value in New Orleans.
Great atmosphere and food!  Best omelets!Quite possibly the worst omelette I've ever had, catsup couldn't even help the over cooked mess.Go HERE!  We stopped in after an evening city tour... needing to sober up...  Plopping down at the "U" shaped bar, an older gentleman handed us menus and said "This here's my Nephew.   He'll take care of you and if he don't, let me know and I'll slap him.  I'm looking for a reason to slap him."  I asked if there were any specialties or recommendations.  The older gentleman's eyes lit up as he matter of fact stated "Bacon Cheeseburger Fully Loaded."  I asked what was so special about it.  "It's so good you'll want to slap yo momma after."  Why would I want to do that?  "Because she never fed you something so good."  We ate, mine with fries, my girlfriend with onion rings and thousand island dressing (another amazing combination!) until we we had trouble breathing and at the end of it my girlfriend and I both agreed we needed to slap our moms now.  Maybe it was just the fact we were starving but I've marked it on my iPhone so I can get there again.   Oh yeah 2nd best part, when I go to pay for both of us it came to $8.50 TOTAL.Camellia grill was right around the corner from our hotel and the bell hop suggested it to us as a late breakfast. It is you're basic, greasy spoon diner. It's all counter top and stools with a pay booth at the center front.  The service is a little lacking but overall it is what you expect from a diner. Large portions, perfect to cure a hangover!We stopped here looking for a place to rest after wandering the French Market. Camellia Grill brought the fun atmosphere and tasty food.  The best dish from our meal was the well spiced Rano omelette.  It seems breakfast is the go to here. Least successful was the Harry Yankee po boy.  Roast beef was over cooked and tough.  Wait staff was super friendly and fun and definitely worth coming back for.This place is a MUST for breakfast. It's super casual and quick. Three people that were with me got omelets (including myself- egg white veggie omelet) and everyone said that they were possibly the best they've ever had. My omelet had so much flavor it was great. I also got it with grits and it was a lot. You'll definitely be full after leaving here!Camilla Grill and I go way back. When I was in college and I would make it to New Orleans for a weekend and punish my liver, I used Camilla Grill to help make me whole before a long drive back home.  This place was and is amazing!.  Although it is "an everyday" person's place, the servers  dress in the traditon of the more $$$ restaurant with traditional waiter outfits.  It has a lot of charm with it's only means of table being a bar that snakes through the packed builiding.  
But the important part is the food.  It has the best omlettes in the country, maybe the world.  They are fluffy and oozing with cheese and other ample ingredients.  Handsdown the best hangover food.  I introduced the place to my husband a few years back.  He had to get a freeze too - which are delicious.  But we never pass through New Orleans now without trekking Uptown to visit Camilla Grill!I enjoyed my visit to Camilla Grill and would definitely return. 
I loved how the staff all seemed like family in how they joked with one another. 
I ordered a chicken breast and waffles. I assumed (incorrectly) it would be a fried chicken breast but it was grilled. Oh well, it saved a few thousand calories.
The waffle was very thin and somehow still perfectly filling. They had containers those syrup containers for both syrup and butter so I just poured it on the waffle. Amazing. 
The chicken breast was ever so slightly dry but still delicious.We did not linger at Camellia, opting instead for a quick slice of pie, a beer or two (if you're going to fight the heat, it's best to go down gulping), and conversation. The pies available by the slice are a wonderous thing indeed, and I bore into a wedge of margherita with vengeance and voracity.
They do a brisk business, or at least they did this night, and most folks seemed like regulars (though I didn't quiz them), or at least settled into a favorite destination spot - they were as comfy with the environs as they seemed to be with one another. It can be a challenge to grab a cab out here (as we found out after), but if you have the time and inclination to get cozy at the bar with your favorite pie, you'd have to figure that friendly chatter is likely to follow.I thoroughly enjoyed my visit at The Grill. I had a cheeseburger, fries, & a chocolate shake. Delicious! I will definitely be back.Wow, the most entertaining breakfast I've ever had! Was greeted by Peanut via fist pump. Service was prompt and friendly and the food is no joke! I got a bacon omelette and my husband got the Mexican which he said was unreal. It was good food and a great time.Want a real New Orleans experience?  Come check it out. Nothing fancy; just old school food and service. We always have a blast here!!Great atmosphere the employees were entertaining and the energy was fun. Ate there twice and both times the food was fantastic!! I would highly recommend this place.Southern hospitality here.  Loved the omelette and had the best hash browns ever!!!! Everyone around me ordered the burger... Next time!Excellent service, speed of service, and greasy spoon food. They make you feel welcome right when you walk through the door.We love The Grill. We have gone every time we've been in NOLA and it has been open (it was closed for a few months there). They have the best chocolate pecan pie I have EVER eaten. I came home and tried to replicate it, but theirs is still better. They have good food (breakfast, sandwiches, burgers-- classic diner fare) for very reasonable prices...especially for the French Quarter. If you're in NOLA and looking for a solid, reasonable meal, late night or breakfast, or some killer chocolate pecan pie a la mode (y'all, they throw it on the griddle!), give The Grill a shot. It's a darling outpost of the original, and it holds its own.This is the new location of the classic Camellia Grill which is located in the French Quarter-- but have no fear, they serve the same delicious food that their first location serves (the other location is on South Carrollton Avenue near Tulane).
If you're visiting New Orleans for the first time and have already tried some of the quintessential restaurants serving cajun and New Orleans cuisine, then shake things up a little with this homey little diner in the French Quarter. The Camellia Grill serves amazing flat-top grill burgers, huge omelets, and delicious chili cheese fries--yep, the messy kind w/ basic hot dog style chili and nacho cheese! ...and, you'll be glad The Camellia Grill offers cloth napkins instead of paper napkins!!!
One of the most delicious items on the menu is the muffaletta sandwich, which is a little different than the classic New Orleans style muffaletta because this one is grilled and served on a grilled frech bread roll.  It was orgasmic and possibly one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten.  If you're not familiar with muffalettas, they are sandwiches with ham, pastrami, mozarella and/or provolone cheese, and olive spread (which, even those who say they "don't like olives" usually like-- trust me).
The dining area of the new Camellia features bar-style dining only, but it's very cool because you can see the chefs prepping the food from just about any seat. Note that if you head over to the grill for lunch, you should hit it about 1 p.m. because the crowd will have tapered off a tad by then.Good burgers at a decent price in the middle of the French Quarter. Diner atmosphere. Friendly service.Great food. Stumbled across this place in a rainstorm and got the best fluffier omelette I have has in a while.  Really good. Food and fun family atmosphere. Burgers looked good but I did not have one.I ate here twice, in a city renown for its great food all over town! Once I came by myself and had a 2 egg breakfast with amazing grits. Later in the week I came back with my bf. He got a great omelette and I had the pecan waffle (DIVINE)!  The only con is the portions are so generous and food so good you won't have room to eat again for a few hours.Never a dull moment here!  Love this place - love the guys that work here - love the food and best of all I love the price.  A must if you are visiting New Orleans you will not regret it.Food is good and the grill masters working there are so much fun.  I'll be back here often for breakfast, brunch, and lunch!Perfect. Simple, quiet, cool, excellent versions of good ol' lunch counter food.Excellent! We had the Muffaletta Po Boy and the Mexican Omelette. Very delicious. Great service provided by Leonard.Located in the heart of the French Quarter, this is THE place to go for breakfast/brunch.  The menu offers standard diner fare (done amazingly well) for a reasonable price, but it's the staff and service that will keep you coming back over and over again - they are FANTASTIC!!!!  
Just GO!!!We found this place on accident while looking for another place... it was the best breakfast I've had on the trip.  The staff was wonderful, and so was the food.A greasy spoon diner, a white linen napkin and servers with a sarcastic sense of humor is what you get at The Grill. It is a classic dive, diner. The cup and saucer didn't match, but the coffee was strong and black. Just the way I like it. If James Beard gave out awards for divey diners, The Grill would be a winner.
There are no bells and whistles here, but the breakfast I had was down home good. It was simple, two fried eggs with bacon and hash browns. It also came with wheat toast, which was cut off-kilter which added to the charm of the experience. My eggs were done just how I like them, yolk broken and hard. They even had the crispy little edges around the whites. The Hash Browns were good, but I would have liked them a little crisper. 
The banter among the servers and grill cooks is totally entertaining. It is almost like getting a floor show with your meal. 
If your in the French Quarter, do yourself a favor and stop by The Grill for breakfast or lunch. 
I know I'll be back on my next visit to NOLA. 
When: August 29, 2016
Why: BreakfastIf you have a hangover or just need a good breakfast/brunch come here. The hospitality is tremendous and the food is so good here. So much to choose from.Fun! The staff are great and entertaining to watch.  One of the best bacon cheeseburgers I've ever had! Fries are good, too, but the cheese fries just have 2 slices of American cheese thrown on top of a basket of fries - was expecting more like a cheese sauce - so a slight disappointment there, but overall a great place to go when you get tired of eating seafood.We walked by this place while wandering New Orleans. It always looked busy so we hopped in for a breakfast for lunch situation.
The marble counters that surround the wait staff and cooks are of another era. Our waiter was very nice and funny. The interaction with staff and customers is part of the experience. 
Prices were extremely reasonable and the portions were large. They also have a wide array of hot sauce on hand which is always a good thing. 
We ordered a pecan waffle, eggs, bacon, toast, and coffee. All were fantastic. This is a great place to get a break from the cajun and have a good dinner style meal.Being from the capital of Diners, New Jersey, it's hard for a diner type restaurant to impress. Wow, the Camelia Grill breakfast was impressive. Unreal service with a smile & personality, phenomenal manhattan & chef special omelettes. Everything else was good. Have to say this is one of the best breakfasts I've had from across the U.S. including Four Seasons... EtcI would visit this place again. It is simple, diner style food with a casual atmosphere. It won't break the bank, and the staff are friendly. You choose your seat at a long service counter. The service is quick. It is reminiscent of Waffle House, but better food. 
I ordered the chicken strips and waffles. They made them speedily before my eyes and then I was handed a pitcher of cane syrup and one of melted butter. yes!!!! Why get maple syrup in NOLA? You can't get cane syrup every where, so indulge while you can. The coffee was not fantastic, and even if it were, the menu states clearly that  you can only have one refill of your drink. The chicken strips look like they are over processed, but upon taking a bite, I found an actual strip of chicken breast in there. ALL GOOD! The waffle was thin and crispy. 
If you have to use the restroom, you will exit the building into a old-school, hall-like courtyard that you will follow to an un-air-conditioned restroom.This is your typical 'drunk' food. I arrived an hour before closing and the place was a mess. Food was all over the floor. Against my better judgment I ordered food. The food was okay but the morning after I was not. I am shocked this had four stars on Yelp. This will be the third resturant in NOLA that had rave reviews on Yelp that lacked follow through. Fake reviews?No, their muffaletta is NOT very good. Those who think it's good may have never had a good one. Who the heck puts corned beef on a muffaletta, or offers it on rye? You can get it on french bread instead, so that's a little better (although it isn't crunchy). And the corned beef and the ham tasted fried. The ham was too think for a muffaletta too. I will say that the olive mix was good and there was plenty of olive oil on the sandwich.
The other food looked good but we didn't have anything else so I can't say. The atmosphere was very informal and the employees there are friendly.Brunch on a Sunday in the Quarter can be tricky, but if you can get in here (or any breakfast place) before 930 you'll be good to go -otherwise lines are out the door and you'll be waiting more than an hour.
Very friendly staff (and entertaining-lots of singing).  Came here a week ago with my family and had breakfast-waffles, pancakes, bacon, grits, hash browns  and scrambled eggs.  Everything was cooked perfectly and served HOT.  "Typical" diner breakfast but done exactly right.  Even the coffee was rich and strong and never stopped coming.  And at these prices you don't feel gouged like many other places in the Quarter.
No tables, only seating at the counter so if you have young kids, make sure they'll sit on your lap, ours did and it all worked out just fine.  
Several people around us nursing hangovers so it seems the screwdrivers were a must here also.  Would definitely return to the grill.Fun place to come, its a good value and the service is entertaining! I had the catfish sandwich, vanilla freeze and the fries were very good! Everybody raves about it, but Im giving it only three stars because one time the catfish was undercooked and another time we went the coleslaw was off. They replaced the catfish and slaw without any fuss so I would go back again.Oh Em Gee maaaaaaaaaaan!
We found this little gem due to the Yelp App - monocle for the win! 
It was one of the only places open on Mardi Gras morning and with a hangover to rival all hang overs I needed some greasy southern cooking in me.
Walking in there was a line. The setting of this little place is cosy. If you don't like meeting new people or having strangers in your space while you eat, this might not be the place for you as the tables are pretty much 2 U shapes, with the kitchen at the top of the U and waiters moving into the U's to serve you and get you things.
The waiters also were all dressed up with bow ties and in white. This made my hung over grumpy bum self actually smile before coffee. Imagine! Me! Smiling without coffee in the morning! Amaze. I know.
And my oh my, the food was well worth the wait. I kid you not.
You get the watch the chef working his magic on the grill as you wait for your food and make new friends with people sitting next to you.
It's cosy, friendly and totally happy making... even with the mother of all hang overs!This location is called THE GRILL NOLA now. It is the same menu as before, and it tastes/looks/functions the same as the Original Camellia Grill Uptown. The Manhattan omelette is exceptional. The bacon was cooked perfectly to our liking at both locations (the grill NOLA) and the original.  We thought the Manhattan at the Original location uptown was just a little bit better though.
This is a great choice if you are staying in the French Quarter, for inexpensive and great breakfast, and you don't want to take the streetcar (and currently the tracks are under repair that force you to change to a bus) to get uptown.Great diner vibe and the food is outstanding! Great staff, big portions, consistently tasty fare, good prices, and a neighborhood feel make this one of my go to places in the quarter!I loved this diner! Super casual, laid back - don't go expecting bells and whistles. All counter seating and you can see everything the waiters and cooks are doing. The waiters holler out the orders to the chefs, and all were very personable and fun. Food was excellent (I had a double hot sausage po' boy -- amazing, and my wife had a grilled Reuben). The omelets they were cooking up looked absolutely beyond. I was falling in love with the chef watching him make all of that incredible food. Highly recommended!I love the way this diner is setup.  There are no tables or booths.  Everyone sits at a counter and you're up close and personal with the waiters and cooks and everyone around you.  Its different and kind of takes you back to the good ole days.
I had a bacon cheese burger and fries with a vanilla freeze.  The food is average, but the vanilla freeze is off the hook.  I would definitely go back.Service was quite distasteful,  luckily the hostess tried to remedy the embarrassing situation. When we finally got back home, the food was cold, but delicious. Will never go again, sure to share our negative experience story with local friends,  even the people who recommended us to go.I visit the "Grill" as it is now called several times a year. It is a great place to go for good down to earth meals. Great breakfast, great burgers, and good service all at a reasonable price. It is not a 5 Star Restaurant but in it's own ranking it is great for what it is! (Stay away if you are wanting the "healthy choice" menu item fare). I have read several reviews from people who dissed the food and service pretty hard. Word of advice......if you go in here with a "King or Queen of England" attitude, most likely the service was reflective of this. Most likely you were also the butt of a joke the whole diner was in on except for you and your bad attitude. Breakfast one morning had a huge crowd so they ran out of ceramic coffee cups. Not to slow down service they started using foam cups until the others were washed. There was a gentleman who mad a big issue out of this foam cup. The  head waiter raised his coffee pot and ask the entire restaurant how they liked their coffee in the foam cups...everyone raised their foam cups and said it was "GREAT"! His response was "we have a Male Diva in the house that thinks he can't drink coffee from a foam coffee cup." The whole restaurant cheered and the guy sat oblivious to the entire scene occurring around him. He ate and left still complaining about the foam coffee cup....so to those of you who complain, maybe next time ...wake up and smell the coffee! You might just find out you have been the victim of some good old southern hospitality. We treat everyone like family but when you act like an ass we treat you like an ass! Bon appetite ya'll!A staff member at my hotel I stayed at suggested I come here for breakfast one morning. I was really excited for a delicious breakfast that the staff member said would be delicious. Unfortunately, it was not to be. I ordered a turkey omelet with grits. The omelet was of generous size but not generous flavor. It was extremely bland and didn't have any other mix ins besides the turkey. The egg part of the dish didn't seem to be very eggy either. To me it tasted almost as if they mixed in some pancake batter into the eggs. The grits were served plain, thankfully there was some butter and syrup close by to give them some flavor. I would post a photo of my bland meal, but I think even my phone didn't want to see it because I can't seem to find the photo. What I really enjoyed about this restaurant was the atmosphere. It's unique to have such large counter space and to see staff wearing white with black bow ties. The staff members also were very gregarious and had a real sense of camaraderie that showed during my visit.Our favorite place to eat breakfast on this trip. Peanut that was our waiter, and he was so much fun. Omelette was excellent. Better than any we have eaten. We had a potato and onion omelette and added bacon to it. We also had pancakes and bacon and hashbrowns and grits. Everything we tried was great!!!!My husband and I absolutely love this place!  The burgers are delicious, and the pecan waffles with cane syrup are fantastic.  Everything we tried was delicious!  We went there 4 times during our 7 day stay in New Orleans.  If you're looking for delicious dessert, they have a scrumptious warm pecan pie with ice cream on top and on a hot day, the freezes hit the spot.  The great service and fun environment make it extra special.  Frankie was our server and he made our visit there very enjoyable.Don't go for a relaxing breakfast if it's the weekend or a holiday.  Go for easily the best breakfast in the Quarter for a really great price.  We had eggs over easy, (ham/bacon) hash browns, coffee and toast for two.  It's quick and it's good food.  
If there's a line outside (and on weekends, count on it) you'll be cramped and hurried out the door, but there's not much to see there.  It's counter service and head's down in your plate, then out you go.Excellent grill! Clean place, friendly and fast staff - especially Renee! He made sure we had everything and later brought everyone a sample of the chocolate freeze. After eating our cheeseburger (yum!) and the club (yum again!), we ordered a chocolate freeze (I.e., shake) to go!Very mediocre. 
Stopped in for a break after walking all the touristy spots nearby. Figured the place seemed pretty full so it must be good. Got duped there. 
Had apple pie and an iced coffee. Iced coffee surprisingly good for what it was but the apple pie was terrible. Whole thing was falling apart, and while they tried to heat it up for me, it was still cold in the center which makes me wonder why they bothered, unless it was frozen too. 
Friend had a cheesecake and to be honest, both seem like they were bought from the frozen aisle at the nearby supermarket, not "homemade" as their menu said. Either that or their piemaker just can't make good pies. 
The guy at the counter (and indeed the people behind the counter) are the only reason to come here for food...they were energetic and engaging and our server kept trying to fist bump everyone, even old white folks who don't know what they is. Didn't have the heart to tell him their pies were awful. 
Could be their actual food is better but for what we got, we were not impressed at all.Yelp will never steer you wrong!
So here's the story:  took the airport shuttle to my hotel and all throughout the ride, particularly while dropping passengers off in the French Quarter, the bus driver was pointing out great local favorites.  Me being the awesome Elite yelper that I am, I was just bookmarking every place that he mentioned which looked worthwhile.  So as we pass by Camellia, he said that it's a MUST for breakfast, and according to all previous Yelp reviews, my bus driver was RIGHT!
So I used my handy dandy Yelp mobile app to lead me from my hotel (The Westin) to this historic gem of a restaurant!  Let me tell you, Camellia set the bar high for what a great breakfast is - In New Orleans or any other place for that matter!!  
First of all, the line was to the door, but I promise you worth the short wait as it moves quickly!  They are great about getting folks seated promptly around the two U-shaped counters. We also used that time to explore the menu and I quickly decided on the Chef's Special since although ALL the omelets sounded delish, the chef's special is probably the only one that you can't find anywhere else.   Light, fluffy eggs filled with turkey, bacon, ham, potatoes & onions, American AND Swiss cheese, plus the kicker is that it is topped with chili!!  Feel free to get it on the side as I did since I was hesitant, but I quickly poured every last drop of it on top of the portion of this omelet that I could eat.  It was HUGE and way too much for lil ol' me, but I gave it my best and downed about two-thirds of it like a champ!
Friends that I was with ordered the veggie omelet and the Pecan waffle and although they were very pleased, they were not wiggling and jiggling for joy in my seat like I was!!
Aside from the food, the manner in which you are served it fantastic!!  Shout out to our waiters - Chris & Ricky!!  Very personable, funny, attentive and entertaining.  These two for me put this rating over the 5 stars that you see above!  
Camellia Grill is a MUST in New Orleans!It is ok.  It does not compare to Camellias!  If you like Mr. Pibb over Dr. Pepper then you might like It.  It is a knock off.  Wait staff was friendly but boring.  There was bickering amongst the staff.  The cashier was eating while we were cashing out and licking her fingers.  
Food was not bad just ok.  
If I desire a good greasy spoon then I will go to Camellias the original not a knock off.
Their will be a line at Camellias and probably not at the Grill.Great pancakes, cold beer. One of the best breakfast in NOLA.We were looking for a place to eat breakfast and stumbled across Camellia Grill. We saw 4 firemen going in and we know it's always good where men in uniform go to eat. Didn't know that it was so popular among the locals until afterwards. We were lucky to have eaten early enough to not wait because usually this place has a line out the door.We loved this place--our server was so charming and funny, they accommodated our allergies with no problem and it was all delicious. I could eat heaps of the cole slaw (obviously made in-house) and mashed potatoes (red with the skins on, so flavorful and creamy). Plus the prices are great.I live in the French Quarter and I would gladly give The Grill a 5 star rating based on the wonderful, friendly ambiance and quality diner-style food. Unfortunately, at this point in time, I can only give it 2 stars, based on their horrible choice to change their weekly hours. There are plenty of week nights when I would love to take the 4 block stroll from my house to get my "regular" meal at The Grill for DINNER , but now that option has been taken from me. Instead, if I want dinner there, I have to come in on a weekend when the Quarter is packed with people looking to party.  
I'm praying this is a temporary change, and hopefully, I'll have my favorite neighborhood late-night diner back sooner rather than later. It really does hurt me to write a negative review about the Grill because, as I said before, it is a great establishment...when it's actually open! 
For now, I guess The Clover Grill will get our weekly business.Diner food that is good when you are hungover. The staff is really nice and funny. This is not a high-end brunch place so don't go expecting that.What is not to like about the old school diner. You sit on bar stools like you are in the 60's and a waiter with a white coat takes your order. They yell to the cook on the grill.  The portion size is great and the meal is so tasty. Specifics, those hash browns are the real deal. They are pan died shredded potatoes with a little seasoning. Just perfect. The waffle is the super thin but soft.  The pecan pie is the best I have ever had.  I do particularly love pecan pie but this one is exceptional. I returned that evening for another piece.  Plus the next day I had to get some to go.  This place is warm and cozy. Just the way breakfast should be.
Our waiter Ricky was the best server I had in New Orleans that weekend. He is priceless.Have always visited the Carrollton location until now. I have always loved this place. The friendly waiters and the food can't be beat. We've had the pancakes, omelettes, burgers, pies, fries. It is all awesome. We usually make multiple trips to this place whenever we're in town. LOVE love love it!Wonderful American food is what you can expect here. They've got a basic menu (think Waffle House), but everything is awesome and cooked to perfection. The staff are an absolutely hoot. You will be thoroughly entertained as you watch them interact with each other. This is definitely a great place to go for breakfast and you can't beat the price.I love this place.  Been there twice now in the last year on my 2 trip to NOLA.  The atmosphere is fun as is the location in the Quarter. The food is good, but won't blow you away. What I really like are the men who work here. They're pure entertainment and they appear to love what they're doing.  First time I went was when they opened up on  Monday morning and a guy playing a tuba walked in!The hours listed on Yelp are NOT accurate! The food is so DELICIOUS! I love food and this place did not disappoint. The staff are friendly and funny. I recommend adding their chili to ANYTHING! The omelettes are as big as your forearm and the Pecan waffles are fresh and chewy (in a good way).The French Quarter location is a little sub-par compared to the experience you get at the original uptown location. However, if you are looking for good diner food, this is your place! The food is not greasy like typical diner food and the menu offers a large variety of selections. The staff at Camellia Grill is always great! Great for late night eats or to grab something quick during the day too.One of those spots you have to try ... we stopped by Mardi Gras weekend for breakfast and were shocked to see windows papered. Miss all the fun waiters, especially Mr. John ... anyone know where he may be? Mr. John is long-standing, proud member of Zulu and informs folks where to find him (float #) on Mardi Gras Day ... and offers lovely coconut .... miss you.American food served with friendly, fun-loving character
ORDER:
Fried catfish plate with two sides - corn and French fries
$10.99
Four good-sized filets of pretty moist, tasty catfish with thick crispy fried shell. Solid French fries. The corn was a cream of corn with lots of sweet corn and bits of what seemed like tomato and a stewed green vegetable. It was good. I was pleasantly surprised that this dish wasn't salty or overly greasy.
Grilled chicken salad
$7.99
Big salad with the typical American ingredients plus some more - iceberg lettuce, tomato slices, diced ham, two types of cheeses, bacon, slices of grilled chicken (not dry or too salty). We asked for dressing on the side - it was a packet of Newman dressing, which I didn't use, as the salad was fresh enough for me to eat without dressing.
AMBIANCE: 50s diner with two "bars", each shaped like a "U" with bar-seating surrounding a strip where the waiter could easily deliver you your food directly from the kitchen. Good AC. Bright lighting. Pay at the cashier opposite from the kitchen.
SERVICE: Best diner service I've had! Friendly! We asked for recommendations, since we were from out of town. Our waiter gave us some good recommendations. In hearing that we were splitting the entrees, he had the catfish dish pre-split onto two separate plates for us. The salad came as a single nicely plated dish that filled the entire plate, so I could see that it'd be hard to measure halves and annoying to plate twice. Water was always refilled, and we were happily checked on throughout the meal. Towards the end of the meal, our waiter gave all of the customers mini chocolate milkshakes. Yum! Great way to end the meal!
VISIT DETAILS: Pre-conference dinner with a friendThe floor was dirty and badly needed cleaned. My burger and fries was $13 which wouldn't be unreasonable if the food was good. But it wasn't. There's so many amazing restaurants in the French Quarter that I recommend you not waste your time or money on this one.AWESOME PLACE!!!! My wife and I wanted to get brunch so we waited in a line for this random place at around 10 am. When we got inside the seating was in a diner style format with the cooks and waiters on the inside portion and the guests on the outside. We sat down our waiter was a middle aged african american who was soo energetic poured us a glass and cracked a few jokes. He told us we were in good hands with him. A few minutes later we ordered our meal, I ordered the Mexican style eggs, and my wife got the spinach and somethings eggs. While we were waiting for our food to come out the waiter brings out a plate of pancakes and says "dont ask, just eat" and so my wife and I look at each other puzzled thinking we didnt order this but he insisted that we start eating. So we ate a deliciously warm pancake (meanwhile around us this is happening to the other guests as well, no we were not that special, EVERYONE IS SPECIAL here). 
The eggs were incredible, and then just as we are about to finish, the waiter brings us waffles with pecan ice cream between them OOOO MY tooo good. We didnt order any of the extras, it just came with the incredible service. And all in all it was relatively inexpensive, but even if the price goes up, this place has secured a warm and fuzzy place in our hearts. I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!!!!Yelp, Did it again.  In the French with a bunch of kids so value and quality was important.  This place hit the spot.  
Sirvice: Great waiter had us laughing the whole time. 
Food: Great! It seems like our party tried burgers, omelets, sandwiches, and poboys.  (large group)  It was all great.  We even tried the Pecan Pie. It was outstanding.Very good hamburger and Mac & cheese bites! Diner-style decor. Seating allows for possible interaction with other customers. Staff was very nice too. Good for a late night bite!A good meal. We had a bacon hamburger, Yankee harry po'boy and waffle with sausage. The waffles there smell amazing. If you didn't get one, and then smell one, you will be instantly jealous. The sandwiches were good, no regrets about our orders.Wanted a burger from the grill. The cheese Burger was wonderful just what I was craving. Also, tried the onion rings which are home made loved them. I sat at the bar and met Ricky he was fantastic. Will come back for sure I want to try their breakfast.  Hopefully Ricky is there where I can enjoy his super hospitalityYou come to The Grill for a show and breakfast. The guys that work here make the mediocre food worth it. Don't get me wrong, the food DOES hit the spot but it's nothing compared to some other spots in NOLA.
The Grill is setup like a luncheonette. When you see some stools open, run and grab them and keep the line moving. The employees are hilarious and have no problem telling you to shut up. Our guy told my boyfriend to not touch my toast (THANK YOU!!). Sometimes they will sing and dance. Other times they just crack jokes as you're ordering, eating your food, etc. 
My omelet was just okay and the toast was bland but honestly it's cheap (most items are under $8) and the employees make it worth your time and money.Below average American (Sysco-style) food with charismatic servers to even it out.Not good. Sad-quality ingredients. Couldn't stomach the fries (I thought eggs came with toast?). Sat like a greasy lump in my stomach. Friendly service, open til 3 a.m. Friday and Saturday.After wandering around aimlessly looking for a place to get a late night burger, our group was directed to the Camellia Grill by a nearby shop owner.  As one reviewer noted, "it was like stepping back in time".  Service was incredible and the burgers were amazing.  Our group had a blast with the staff and we were rewarded with some additional tasty treats.  Gumbo and red beans and rice were excellent too.  
Sorry to read that we should have returned for breakfast, definitely next time!If you're looking for a diner this is your place. Food was average & service was good. Nothing stood out as being amazing.This place is solid with good food at a good price and quick service.  I just wish they stayed open later.Great, inexpensive food; great ambiance; lots of character.  Used to go to the (only) one on the st car line but this location is much more covenient; same great food and experience--even with lots of tourists.
Sometimes the service can be uneven but it's NEVER been intolerable (so 4 vs 5 stars). I go multiple times in same trip; open late. 
Get the omelets--best anywhere!!!, grits, waffles, freezes--YUM!!! and hamburgers.The food was good, but i probably should have ordered something different. I had the waffles and chicken and the waffle was super thin. Others in my group ordered omelettes and they LOVED them. Great atmosphere.If you like Flat Grilled food. This the place. Best breakfast in the Quarter. I've never more amazing cooks, they do not write anything down!! Every time we walk by, we almost stop, even though we've already been there on a TRIP. We try and limit ourselves to one time per visit. This time, we had to go twice.
Awesome food with great entertaining and caring staff.
An absolute must!!
I'd rate it 6 Star if I could.I recommend this restaurant. The food was not expensive. Very nice to grab a bite. Don't expect to much, price are very acceptable.Best BLT ever! Loved the crispy fries, but nothing beats the cooks and waitstaff! I'd eat here every day if I lived here.I loved the atmosphere -- if you want to feel transported back in time to a classic diner, look no further. The staff have an excellent sense of humor and that's part of the experience. If you don't want to smile, laugh or relax, don't come!
I wasn't too hungry so I got the chili fries...they were huge! I could have easily split the fries with someone else. My boyfriend had an omelet (I suspect it was vegetarian, like him, but might have gone by a different name). He absolutely loved it, and there was literally nothing left on his plate when he was finished. 
Affordable & fun, I would love to come back the next time I visit NOLA.This restaurant has all guests sitting around like "bar-service", and the waiters are walking around taking order and talking to the guests with humor and candor. They create a fun atmosphere and is a big plus to the experience. I had a bacon cheese burger, not my best burger ever, but a good burger. 
All in all a place to visit if your in New Orleans. 
How things work:
-Find a seat and sit down
-The waiter will take your order on a pice of paper, and that paper that he places across from you
-When your done, you just take that pice of paper with you to the lady at the far wall to pay
-Remember to tip the waiter before you get up :-)Hamburger for breakfast?  Don't mind if I do!  I loved the noise, the food and the witty banter in this place.  I went alone which didn't raise an eyebrow and was seated after a short wait.  They waste no time getting you in, seated, ordered, fed, and check'd.  I regret not getting the shake that people kept ordering, looked amazing.  Looks like a standard place to work off your Bourbon St hangover.My boyfriend remembered this place from his last NOLA visit and he has very fond memories of the food. It was Sunday night in the french quarter. There was another family finishing up their food and us. The counter set up is interesting, it's like a double U shape. We got a couple of po boys, they were nothing special in my opinion more just like regular sandwiches really. Our waitress was jumping around and hanging out with other staff, she chatted up with us briefly as well, she was very nice and friendly just a little strange having her sitting around on the counters and yelling back and fourth with her coworkers and kept mentioning how she hopes we don't stay around for too long because she'd like to go home early. I don't know if i'd be back, I'd like to try out their other location next time I'm in town.The only honest to God diner in the French Quarter! I'd give the 5 stars, but that would be overly pretentious.
Have a slice of pecan pie, heated on the flattop, ala mode!This place is the bee's knees! Staff is super nice and laid back. Very attentive to the customers but not overly a pest. The food is good and cheap.. Great for a hangover or any meal. I would definitely come back and wished there was a place like this near my home.A wonderful stop for breakfast or lunch.  The sausage omelet was one of the best I've ever had.  (It appears the secret to the super fluffy texture is mixing them in a milk shake blender).  For a local treat at lunch I strongly recommend the muffaletta sandwich.  It's a bit like a Ruben with an olive dressing instead of sauerkraut.  Do NOT let that description put you off.  I'm not even an olive fan and I loved it. The service was consistently fast, even during the Sunday morning rush.  All the servers treat you like a regular.We just walked in the rain!!! An entire bachelorette party of 11 and it says it's open until 1am with a bar too and now I'm the bad guy! Like I come here or I lived here??? It was closing at 11!!! Please do not do what I did! Good thing across the street is a bar and the kitchen is also open! Thank u for ruining our mood cause we were all happy till walking in the rain to find out the grill is only open till 11 tonight.First stop while in NOLA.  One of the girls at a nearby store recommended this place. At first I was kinda not in the mood for American food as I was anxious to have some seafood but this diner did not let me down. Our waiter was super friendly and recommended the burger - he said they make them fresh - no patties so that got me! I had the fried egg burger; they didn't even ask me how I wanted my burger but the cook cooked it to perfection.  It was so most and juicy. The egg yolk poured out, I was in heaven! The only downside was the fries, they may need to work on that. Loved the old school stool seating. The server was in the center interacting with everyone.  Very lively.  Prices were reasonable.Umm, not a fan. What's cool is sitting at a diner and feeling like you're in the Deep South in the 50's.  Hearing menu items shouted out by the servers to the cooks was cool too.  Our server must  have been having a bad day as he wasn't friendly at all.  Breakfast was so-so, nothing to write home about.Visited twice in a row because the food was that good, the staff was super friendly, and the prices are great. Awesome location. Would totally come back here for sure on a return trip from New York!This was a great breakfast spot! The service was sooooo great! The best part about my visit! The food was amazing! I ordered the 'South of the Border omelette' with the hash browns and it was sooo yummy! The set up of this place was so cute! A counter all the way through the place! I definitely recommend this place and would be back!You know, I must absolutely confess I don't know what the rave is about this place. Iordered a burger, which, If I may add, was a very good burger (which is really the only reason I am giving this place 3 stars). I also ordered a side of cheese fries. Would you believe that it was literally two slices of kraft cheese put atop the fries. Um, really, dude? I just was expecting so much more. I'd happen to be in the area and knew that The Grill was a place I'd wanted to try. The employees talked about a bunch of topics which I thought were just very unnecessary for a place of business. Certain things should not be talked about in fron of customers. Leave all of that for after hours or when no patrons are in the restaurant.
Neededless to say, I probably would not return. I did not, though, try any of the milkshakes, which I hear are extremely good. 
On to the next place!Greasy Spoon, counter style where you are right in the middle of everything! Visiting the French Quarter on a culinary tour and we had a morning off. We walked in to The Grill not know what to expect. It did not disappoint!! We were lucky enough to find a spot at the counter with Joey and he made sure our day started off with some great food and entertainment! My husband had the Chef's Special Omelette and wanted to lick the plate. I had a yummy muffaletta. The best part was the service and enterainment. If you're looking for a spot that shows you some New Orleans hospitality and makes you smile, The Grill is the spot! Would have loved to have more time to try some more of their food and spend more time with the staff! Thanks Joey for starting our day with a smile and a full belly!Wow--how can you mess up breakfast so bad? Ordered grits with eggs over medium. Eggs showed up with the yolks broken, solid and tasting like burnt grease. Grits weren't ready yet so they brought cold home fries. Service was indifferent to non-existent--they were more concerned with talking to each other and eating their own breakfast than the customers. Truly bad experience all around. You're better off with an egg mcmuffin.Pecan waffles. Every time I come to New Orleans I *have* to come here and pecan waffles. The BEST breakfast joint in the city. Pecan waffles, btw.
The food is all fresh and pecan waffles, even though it looks like a greasy spoon, it's SO good and also, pecan waffles.
Last time I went, I decided to get something different - I went big and got the Garbage Omelette. It's everything you'd ever have for breakfast, all together. SO GOOD, and totally filling. But I still made room for (wait for it...) PECAN WAFFLES!!!
This is the EXACT same menu as the original Camellia Grill (it used to be location #2, then the name changed). It's even got the same style layout as the original. And same friendly staff.So this place gets 5 stars based on the customer service, but the food was just average. We missed the entrance and went around to the exit door and went in that way. As we walked in, one of the guys said you can't come in that way and told us to go back outside and come around to the entrance. My wife started to turn around and then he just told us he was just messing with us. I thought that it was pretty funny although my wife might not have at first. She got over it. 
The place is set up like an old diner. All the seats are bar stools around 2 different bars. The kitchen is right there so you can see everything happening. The employees all seem to enjoy their job and enjoy talking with the customers. 
I got the red beans and rice with sausage. I was hoping for the sliced sausage but it was just a sausage patty. The beans and rice were very good but the sausage really had little flavor and didn't add much to the dish. My wife got the fried catfish with fries. She didn't like the batter for the catfish. It was just ok for her and the fries were average restaurant fries. 
Based on food, I would give this place 3 stars but the service makes it worth a stop bumping it up to 4 stars.The food was top notch and the staff funny as all get out. I was made to feel like I was home with family. Defrntlnly a top stop when in the big easy. The waiter Peanut kept giving us food to try, all on him. Who does that?  Peanut does that and we will be back. 
Love it and the staff.This is a great affordable place to get breakfast. The food came out fast and severs and cook are very funny.Not only is their food delicious but the entertainment from the waiters and cooks are awesome!!!! 
Their chicken salad and chili cheese fries are bomb!!!! My husband had the catfish po-boy and he loved it. 
Great service!!!Great place to stop in have some breakfast diner style and step back in time a littleBreakfast is served... Had the measure of visit today ordered veggie egg whites with turkey bacon and was not left wanting for anything.. Coffee was top notch ( best I had no bustelo in town).. Turkey bacon was cooked to perfection, service was prompt. Will keep coming back.Decent place to eat a quick meal. The waiters were friendly and paid attention to refills. Compared to other overrated and expensive places around, it is of good value. We all had burgers and they were how they are supposed to be.Formerly the Camellia. The name was changed for some legal reason. A unique dining experience in the heart of the French Quarter. Two long U shaped counters fill up fast during busy hours, but the turnover is quick. Counter service only, no tables. The staff is efficient, friendly, and entertaining. They all have a great sense of humor. The menu is large with mostly American fare and some New Orleans favorites thrown in. Very good burgers and the last time I was there I had an enormous muffuletta sandwich that was very good and I took half with me. The breakfasts sound good but I have not tried them yet. The prices are reasonable by New Orleans standards. Although there are many gourmet restaurants in the quarter, it's good to find a friendly diner like the CamelliaA good diner experience. The pancakes gumbo and burgers ate amazing! I had the pleasure if trying all of them. The perks of bringing your family to a family atmosphere as this!OMG this place is amazing! We walked in after walking around all day and we were already tired and grumpy because we were all hungry, as soon as we walked in our spirits were lifted 100%. Our server had the best attitude and he made us feel so welcomed. The food is really good quality for the price! I had the catfish hot sandwich and I loved it. I also shared the gumbo with my dad and we both couldn't get enough. I know I will be back the next time I am in NOLA!Its a no frills diner with tasty food and very lively service.  Great for a big omelet or cheese burger.  This is the best deal on food in the French Quarter.Ok so once again this was one of the must try places on my list. Took a few minutes to find and from the outside was not real impressive from the outside. Stepping inside though I knew right away I had found my NOLA breakfast spot. It was around 11(who gets up in NOLA before then?) but the nicely dress waiter said of course I could order breakfast. The cloth napkins and the fun staff make for an amazing atmosphere. You really feel at home here. I got the bacon and cheese omelet with hash browns and a water. The omelet was huge and studded throughout with a ton of crispy bacon. I love my bacon crispy and this was perfect. It was also filled with a generous portion of melty American cheese. It was not a beauty to look out but let me tell you. My stomach and tongue thought it was a masterpiece. Topped off with a perfect crunchy/soft hash browns and I was in heaven. My wife got a simple cheese burger and it was spot on and juicy. Just a good quality diner style burger. Her Bloody Mary came in a Styrofoam cup but don't let that fool you. It was top notch with a good mix and a really nice kick. She was in heaven and it was the best we had in NOLA. The secret I think is that in the bottom of the cup. Sliced Jalapenos!  Awesome.  The menu if vast and really I plan on eating breakfast there everyday next trip.  You should too.Cooks are visible while cooking and there is always some great conversations going on between them and the waiters. I have been told that breakfast is amazing, but I can only speak for the Doc Brinkers Special, which is amazing. If you are lucky enough to have Peanut as your waiter then you are in for an amazing meal. There are two locations although I have only been to the one located in the Quarter. There is often a line and if you have a large group you might not be able to all sit together, but thats fine because the food is great and you can always strike up a conversation with your neighbor sitting to your left or right.This is just a true down home Nola diner experience.  Nothing fancy.  The staff are inviting, hysterical and entertaining and the breakfast and burgers are true tummy warming comfort food.  I went here twice during my vacation and both times were enjoyable.  I absolutely love that there are no tables and just a counter that serpentines from end to end of the space.   It's a definite must while in the Quarter.  Tips:  arrive before breakfast and lunch hour to beat the line and get there before 11:00am for the grits!It was one of the most heartfelt experiences in New Orleans. The food was Delicious! We looooooved the staff and they added that extra oooomph to make our food experience exceptional.
We stumbled on this heavenly place after a night of music at the spotted cat. We found The Grill while looking for a place to eat. The ambiance was warm and the food fantastic.
We tried the cat fish and the po'boy roast beef. Although we also really wanted their omelets. Alas, we could only eat so much in one night :)
I really recommend this place as a must try as part of your culinary experience in new Orleans.Great late night diner!  Loved the cheeseburger, fries and chocolate freeze.Be prepared for a banter beetween the staff.  They always try to get the customer to take sides. Hilarious!!As you walk into this diner which is frequent by the locals, your transported back in time. The charming and attentive servers are so welcoming and enjoy conversing with you.  True southern hospitality at it best!!! Reasonable prices for their dishes and the  food is so yummy!  The hot pancakes with the melting butter kept me coming back more than once during my stay at NOLA!   This should be a "must stop" for every visitor!  Loved by the locals for a very good reason- great food, great prices and MOST of all impeccable service!!!!Best hidden gem in NOLA. The staff are very friendly and charming. The pecan waffle was truly awesome and fulfilling. Hell, the cooks are very fast and good. I wanted to stay and order everything off the menu.Total no frills greasy diner.  I wanted something fast and cheap and this fit the bill, not exactly the best breakfast in New Orleans but the guys are super nice and it won't bankrupt you.Best grits I've ever had in my entire life. We were visiting from California and came here. I knew the food was going to be good when I saw, on the counter, a small container filled with melted butter to put on to your grits and or other Foods. The guy who helped us that day was so social and so fun that he made sitting at that counter an event on to itself. And I'm really late because we ate there last December and it was amazing. And I cannot believe that I waited this long and only remembered when looking through my bookmarks on Yelp that I didn't review this place. You definitely have to go here.This place was awesome!! The food was good but better yet the atmosphere was fun, inviting and entertaining. The staff seems to truly enjoy their jobs and make you feel welcome. Cool environment--old diner feel--and the food was super good too :)I'm sure the burgers are OK but I made the mistake of trying the Muffaletta and I'm still puking up a little in my mouth three hours later. If the food were good I could have overlooked the fact that there is a thick film of funk on the entire establishment. 
Someone is paying off the health inspector in this town...no joke.Amazing diner-type place.  It is one of my favorite spots in the city. For better or worse, it is a lot of other peoples' favorite place too so it can be crowded at peak (or near peak) hours. 
The burgers are somewhat 5 guysish in that they use relatively thin patties and are greasy and delicious.  The crispness of the lettuce breaks up the otherwise hot juicy mess of the burger itself.  This is my favorite burger in New Orleans and up there in my burger hall of fame.
Normally, nothing could make me stray from a burger like that.  However, Camellia is not a normal place.  
The omelets are out of control.  The first time I went to Camellia was with my parents while they were dropping me off at school.  My mom wanted to go for the healthy option so she asked for an omelet.  They proceeded to liberally poured butter, or oil, or something awesome, onto the flattop and then ladled out no less than half a dozen eggs (they get real eggs, I've seen them getting cracked) on top.  Oh yeah, the other half of the boat-sized plate is covered in fries, in case you get hungry.
There is an extensive list of omelet toppings to choose from.  My favorite is the bacon, mushroom, onion, cheddar, and potato (they throw whole french fries in--awesome).  I have tasted some chili topped ones and they are delicious.  I usually try not to die before I get to dessert, which is also unreal.  
My favorite part of the Camellia experience is the pecan pie (particularly the chocolate pecan pie, but the regular is delicious too).  They throw the slice of pit on the flat top and douse it with a little butter or oil just to make it a bit more insane.  They then flip it over and add a little more liquid gold.  Topped with vanilla ice cream, it's definitely a must-get.
Favorites are: omelets, burgers, and chocolate pecan pie a la modeWe were starving, and it was dreadfully humid outside, so we were so glad to come in to some delicious, hearty food, and some of the friendliest staff members we'd come across on our four-day trip. Cool guys, great food.When you just want a good breakfast go somewhere else because this breakfast is GREAT! These guys will cook it up, fry it up, stir it up, and serve it up while singing, laughing, and playing. They don't even charge for the wakeup service. Ran into it on accident looking for a table at one of those woopty doo places. I found this home feel grill for less money. All the menu items looked good.My girlfriend and I are visiting the city for the fourth of july and we don't like seafood so that rules out most of Louisiana style food choices. We just wanted some inexpensive food that tasted good! Hard to find in this city!
Anyway when we entered this place we were amazed by how fun and different this place was. They have family style seating with a  around bar so everyone is sitting next to everyone. Might annoy some people but we had fun chatting with all the different people!! Their staff was top notch, fun and interactive and easy going.
Okay so how was the food? Well lets first talk about the menu because it was very interesting. You order most things plain and then pay for every topping you want. For example the burger i got, came plain, no ketch up no mustard no onions no lettuce and no fries. However this is where you can pay for extra toppings. Luckily for me I don't like much on my burger. Anyway we got the food and it just looked plain. The food was basic, like nothing to get out of your bed for. This is one of those places where they don't really specialize in anything they just have a lot of options.
The reason I gave it 4 stars despite the mediocre food was because we have a good time in there like it was such a different experience than what we are used to. And our waiter was just so nice. Nothing to stop into town for but a good place to eat if Louisiana style food isn't your thing.The decor and the appearance of the cafe are fun. The service is excellent. However I would recommend that you avoid the cheese fries. They are fries with a couple slices of deli cheese on top. The hamburger was good as was the roast beef sandwich my wife ordered.A great little breakfast spot . Funny and friendly staff. They like to joke and tease with the customers. The food was good as well. I got a corn beef hash omelette. It was a good amount of food for the price! Overall I would definitely recommend this place for breakfast!Cute setup with wrap around bar. Our waiter was super friendly. Good food, fast service, and GREAT price!The three star rating is because my honey liked the food, but I believe he likes anything outside of mushrooms, so I cannot fully trust his judgement when it comes to my tastebuds. Love him tho! 
Honestly I could have made this food at home, I hate spending money on food that just isn't worth it, $21.00 for 1 bacon cheeseburger, and a hot sausage poyboy. 
I of course had the the burger because either I eat peanut butter crackers, crawfish, or burgers. (Mashed potatoes and green beans where applicable.) ANYWAY, the burger was small it was supposed to be 6oz but it was super small and flat, the cheese on the burger was the worst part of it all! When I want a burger, I want a big juicy burger that I have to use two hands to eat it with. 
The sausage poyboy was terrible, I took a few bites and I was ready to leave. Our server wasn't over excited to see us, and wasn't extremely helpful, but the food came out quickly, you can see the cook, cooking and overall it looked pretty clean, I am sure a good wipe down wouldn't hurt the place.
It's greasy diner food I get that, I wouldn't be opposed to eating here again, but I have no desire to run back either!Good but seems like just another average breakfast diner with diner food. The waitstaff is extremely spunky and full of energy. 
The food comes out extremely quick so it's a good spot to go if you're in a bit of a hurry. I just ordered eggs bacon and hashbrowns and there wasn't anything special but it is good.