First and last time eating here....
I held my self for a week before i wrote this review/comment. Having said that if any one out there feels compelled not to be a patron of an establishment who's owner believes that its ok to shout out derogatory comments in regards to race and ethnicity well read on ..
 I visited Samuel's Blind Pelican on Oct. 13th during their happy hour. The Chard Oysters where good only complain could be the sandy crunchy taste at the end. The bartender was great..! she was very attentive. I ended up staying till the first quarter of the Monday night game. 
My unfortunate encounter with the Pelican's owner happen the following thursday after visiting the neighboring restaurant. The Pelicans owner stood on the side walk 10 feet from where i was having lunch. He called the city to inquire if the restaurant (tacos and beer) had acquired the proper permits to have a TV on the front patio. He began to spew derogatory comments and racial slurs about the current owners to a buddy of his. Loud enough for all to hear. I was actually shocked and was lost for words.
He then looked at me and made a comment. I believe he thought i was an employee of the restaurant. Once he did, I couldn't help but to say something. It was awful what came out this mans mouth. He continued to shout racial comments from the steps of his restaurant to the Tacos and Beer owner. The cops where called. I was asked by the restaurant if i would stay to speak to the officers.  
What makes me sick to my stomach is to know that i was also a patron of this establishment. I can not believe that there are people out there who still believe is fine to use use such derogatory comments in regards to race. He had no care of those around him. The Officers asked me if i was willing to press charges against the Pelicans owner for disturbing the peace. He was also told by officers that after that rant he could be charged for a hate crime against the neighboring restaurant for calling the city and heckling their clientele. 
no one should condone the use of race or ethnicity as a shortcoming...For my first taste of raw oysters this was the right place. The gulf oysters were so fresh. Happy hour was really cheap and late until 8 pm. The drinks are strong as well. I'll definitely be back for some of their broiled oysters too. The view is nice on their balcony. The wait staff was very friendlyI dunno about this place...girl at the front first completely ignored us while sticking her hand in the crayfish pot and was eating the crayfish.  
She then told us an hour wait. Shortly after told a another couple it was a 40 min wait. 
My mom asked her which was it...she sputtered 40 to 60 minutes.
Surprised she knew an hour was 60 minutes. And I'm a little grossed out that staff is just all up in the crayfish with their bare hands.
And apparently everyone ahead of said forget you and left.
We finally got sat and were left waiting to be served, which never happened. I assume the crayfish boil was delicious...the staff sure liked them, just continued grabbing some mudbugs after clearing tables. (That grossed me out and we left)I'll tell you one great thing about this place is the food is excellent. You can't beat the happy hour on the oysters. What hurts them the most is their service. Our waitress kept bringing other tables orders to us. Had no clue of what went where. We ordered two dozen oyster as an appetizer. Never received napkins and asked if she could bring us some. We never saw them. Had to ask the busboy to bring us some. We ordered the po boy roast beef sandwich. Excellent by the way. I had a choice of 1 side and asked for the salad. She brought fries. She even spilled a glass of water on the poor lady next to us. 
We just couldn't believe how bad she was. Then we saw her and a slender male that works there hiding shots in the bushes by the steps into the restaurant and drinking when they could. I don't I'll go back just because of the service.I've lived in New Orleans for my entire life, and my latest visit to the Blind Pelican ranks as the worst ever dining experience. I went with my girlfriend and her mom on Friday, 6/16 at around 1 in the afternoon. I wanted to take her mom to an authentic style New Orleans restaurant, and I had been to Blind Pelican before so I thought it would be nice. It was not crowded, but there were a few people in the restaurant. I got there before my gf and her mom, and I sat down at a table and ordered two diet cokes for them, and a water for myself. They then arrived and started to peruse the menu. The waitress then brought my water out. It was a very small 5 ounce cup filled with ice and water. I thought it was odd that the it wasn't a normal sized cup, but I figured since I didn't order a fountain drink it wouldn't be in a normal cup. No big deal, I would just have to ask for a bunch of refills. Then the waitress brings out the diet coke's. They were 8 ounce glass bottles taken out from the fridge. We all thought this was odd. My gf asked for cups and ice to pour the drinks into and the waitress brought out the same 5 ounce cups my water was served in. Then my gf exclaimed that each eight ounce glass bottle of Diet Coke costs $4.00 !! We could not believe the audacity of the restaurant to charge such an exorbitant amount of money for the limited amount of soda. We then asked to speak to the manger, but he was nowhere to be found. The waitress then exclaimed to the bartender the issue, but he offered no help either. We then asked if they actually did have fountain drinks in the restaurant. She said that they did have fountain drinks, but they were only for the mixed drinks behind the bar. "If you ordered a coke from behind the bar they would still charge you $4.00 for an eight ounce bottle." It would have cost just as much for us to order a whiskey and coke and hold the whiskey. I have never experienced anything like this at a restaurant in NOLA. We then asked to pay for the two drinks, and told them that we were going to be taking our business elsewhere. The waitress then said that she would take care of the cost of the two diet cokes. This blew us away as well because if she was just going to comp the drinks why didn't she do it earlier when we were about to order food, but initially expressed concern over the unusually high price of the limited beverage?
We ended up taking our business right next door to Tacos and Beer. The meal was delicious, and the fountain drinks were reasonably priced with free refills too!
I will not be dining at this restaurant ever again.Bruna was amazing!! She helped coach me on my first time trying oysters even though it didn't go down so well.Can't say enough bad things about our experience with this place.  We showed up at lunch with a large group.  The place wasn't busy and I let the waitress know that a large group was going to trickle in over the next hour.  We ordered drinks at tables.  It took ONE HOUR for us to get our beers and wine.  It took TWO HOURS for us to get raw oysters which we ordered about ten minutes after we arrived.  About an hour into our wait I decided to walk in to see what was going on (before we got our drinks), and the bartender was standing at the bar not doing anything and the waitress was standing in the back.  The waitress kept coming outside to joke with our group and make smart remarks, but never once brought a drink out with her.  At first it was funny, then everyone wondered why she wasn't bringing beers out with her jokes?
People started leaving because it was taking too long to get their drinks or food.  So when the bill finally came out hours later, most people were gone.  The bill had more items than we had ordered and was missing other items which I had seen people order.  We tried to convince them that the bill was wrong, but they basically said that the bill would stand.  We asked to speak to a manager, but he/she would never come out.  
A bunch of waiters did show up towards the end of our visit and service improved drastically.  This must tie into their well known oyster happy hour.  I'm guessing you should not go any other time besides during that little window.  I won't go back either way.This was the first stop on the 24 hour food tour in New Orleans when visiting a friend. I'm not a huge oyster fan, but this was too good to not give props. 
Happy hour = half off our dozen charbroiled oysters with purchase of beverage
The oysters were in a platter of Garlic butter sauce that came with bread for extra dipping. Really good quality and a perfect place to meet up with friends after work or to watch a game. Our waiter suggested the local Abita IPA 31 which was a really good seasonal beer.
Service was a little stunted; our waiter mentioned that a lot of groups came in and ordered the same so it would be a while. I appreciated the notice and it wasn't too long a wait. The only real wait was trying to get our check and head out long after being done.
Semi-interesting crowds or an early happy hour which enhanced the feel of the sports bar most suitable for college age. Would definitely return for that happy hour deal, but I doubt I'd go back at full-price.Wait staff and food are top notch. 
Excellent food and service, best service we received anywhere in NOLA. 
Manager paced back and forth the whole time we were there,  creeping out my wife to the point she asked who he was and why he was up everyone's ass. Creeper....
There must be at least 50 cameras around this place to monitor the goings on, don't need this guy micro managing every employees every move also.
Great food and service, but the creeper managers kinda kill the whole N'Orleans mood.
Would highly recommend this place if your looking for great service and food, not so much for the "behind the scenes management"..Drinks were great. Good prices for happy hour. Oysters were awesome. Waiter was lacking a bit but once we moved to the bar we met a charming bartender and the owner. All in all a great night. Atmosphere is near perfect. Once this place finds its stride it will be a great!If you're an oyster fan, this will probably be a 4, as their ouster specials are really good. 
I was on the hunt for a soft shell crab po boy as a nice woman I'm talking to has been hyping them up, and it was like the only kind of po boy I hadn't had this trip. Also as I was flying today, I didn't want to be hauling my luggage through bourbon, nor dropping close to $20 just on the sandwich. Based on the reviews and the location to Avenue Pub, Blind Pelican was my spot.
I arrived right before a storm hit, just as disappointment hit as I asked the bar tender if he had soft shell crab. Negative! With the rain coming sideways and hungry, I went with the cochon de lait, with a side of alligator hash, and a beer.
The sandwich wasn't bad, but wasn't mind blowing. The alligator hash, however, was fantastic. Large bits of alligator sausage with hash browns with bell pepper and spices. Worth getting! The beer was also nice, and should have checked that in on Untappd.
The bartender and servers were nice, and the place smells great and looks like a great seafood dive bar. If in the immediate area and looking for something simple and quick, I recommend it.WOW. Bear yourself because this was absolutely insane. My friend and I came here for dinner. Our waiter was Elijah, a tall thinly-framed man. When we got to our table, Elijah tells us we are his last customers of the night and he'll be right back. Um okay, no problem. We ended up waiting 15 mins for him to return to our table. In fact, we ended up getting our water from the bartender. Once he returned he asked us what we wanted, we ordered and then he snatched the menus from our hands and left. Um, that was weird. 20 mins later he returned to our table and asked us what we ordered. We reminded him of our orders and then he left. This whole time I'm thinking maybe this is his first time working at a restaurant or maybe he's just slow because I didn't think he was being rude intentionally. He seemed very absent-minded, slow-moving and just all over the place. My mind changed as soon as another party was seated near us. Now THIS is where the story gets weird. This party is quickly seated, given water and THEIR FOOD before us! Not only that but Elijah was all of the sudden perky, asking the customers how their night was and he given gave them recommendations from the menu. This whole time I thought he was mentally slow but in fact he was intentionally giving us bad service! Anyways, we finally get our food, the food is decent (I forgot to take pictures). While we were finishing up our meals, my friend noticed a COCKROACH 2 feet away from our table. We showed Elijah and pointed at it and guess what he did? He steps on it and walks away! I KID YOU NOT! This was so bizarre! By this time we asked for our check and left, the table that received their food after us also left around the same time even though they came 20 mins after us. I have never experienced anything like this before, I left like I was in movie because it seemed unreal. I would not recommended this place because of the horrible service and the cockroach. If you decide to dine here DO NOT HAVE ELIJAH AS YOUR WAITER. Even while writing this and recounting our experience, I'm still in shock that a human being can behave this way.Went here for hh oysters yesterday. The hostess is as unprofessional as they come - totally bored and inattentive and got into a fight with a server while everyone watched.  The chargrilled oysters were soaked in some disgusting imitation butter and seemed like they were boiled. The raw oysters had grit. They ran out of crackers.  The only redeeming quality was Jeremy our waiter - poor guy doesn't have much to work with. Stay away - go to Luke instead.Great sandwiches and awesome happy hour! Jimmy the bartender is the bees knees.I've been waiting to try this spot with their 25 cent oyster happy hour; however, it was a bummer to find out that no drinks come with that happy hour. Either way, the oysters were quite tasty, I would recommend the chargrilled oysters for anyone who doesn't love the slippery taste and texture of raw oysters. The chargrilled ones are cooked with a little cheese and oil and be sure to sop it all up with the bread. 
They do have a notable beer list; however, their speciality beverages (I ordered a sangria) are average and almost $8 a pop. 
It was a nice place to spend a Sunday afternoon; however, I've checked it off my list and don't need to return.The grilled oysters are so good! Happy hour gets you a dozen for $7.99 with the purchase of an "adult beverage". On the downside though, the crawfish was horrible and overpriced at $16.99. I'd come back but definitely avoid the crawfish**Note to self...
Self, don't bring your ass here for happy hour ever again if it takes 45 minutes to get a dozen raw oysters and you can only order one dozen. Especially when the staff speaks to you in a condescending tone, as if you should already know their policy on understaffed service. 
The regulars I sat next to are a friendly bunch, so there's that.Cheapest happy hour oysters! .25 cents a piece. Gett'um grilled for a little more if you like... delish! Lots of brews on tap and sit at the bar and chat with Mikey.Amazing food. Great beer selection. Outdoor seating was fantastic. Highly recommend the raw oysters, the alligator sausage and the crawfish quesadilla!!How can you beat 25 cent oyster happy hour.  I pay $3 an oyster back in Chicago so we were literally in heaven. Oh and to top it off it was Mardi Gras so we had a prime location to drink and eat before the festivities and parade kicked-off literally 50 yards away.  
The only negative was that they were out of my first two beer selections.Group enjoyed oysters and crawdads. Other was basic bar food exception pizza was fresh but oily.  Loud bar party atmosphere.We missed the oyster happy hours. No problem. My first dozen of oysters came out slowly. It was filled with shells. I could have shucked it better myself. I'm not crazy about charboiled oysters but I couldn't tell if I was eating shells or chared pieces. Onion rings were awesome with some garlicky sauce.Just wow... never even got a chance to make an order and the prissy waiter can go to hell, he is lucky I didn't beat his ass for the way he talked to my wife. Pathetic looser!This place seriously blows. The decor is super touristy, which you might've guessed. The tables are beat up laminate covered particle board with holes in it where the particle board is bulging through. Get a new table. Jesus. If you're big into raw oysters, you might be able to get over the aesthetics and lack of authenticity of the place for the sheer great deal of happy hour, which is great. But I can only eat half a dozen - dozen oysters before I'm tapped out. 
Here's an item by item list of grievances I took with the place: 
1. "Specialty cocktail" menu was seriously gross. All fruit juice and rum or some other terribly unoriginal combination. This could be a separate item but I'll lump it in: my SO randomly ordered a margarita (was it national margarita day, idk?) and it was disgusting. I took a sip and dramatically cringed. All mix/ triple sec. I guess that's what you get for getting a margarita at a place that doesn't specialize in it? But honestly, don't serve it if it's sub par. 
2. No gluten free options besides salad. I know I know, one of those insufferable gluten free people. I'm not strict but try to limit the amount of gluten I take in. Every item besides chips and salsa, fried alligator sausage and salads (sans croutons) has gluten in it. I know that's kind of a tall order but these days so many people have allergies and it's kind of ridiculous to not have something that's simply free of something (gf bread or pizza crust or the offering of corn meal instead of flour battered) doesn't seem that hard. 
3. The salad I got (wedge salad) was served on a plate that was still very warm from the dishwasher. Unappetizing even on the best of salads. Further still, the dressing tasted incredibly pre made/ store bought and there was entirely too much on it. The tomatoes were also overripe and mushy. I ate maybe 1/3 of it. 
4. The general atmosphere of the place was altogether unoriginal and tacky. 
The bright spots: again, the oyster happy hour was a great deal and the oysters were really tasty. The service was decent- our server was friendly and attentive. And seemed apologetic about lack of GF items. 
Absolutely will not go back. Probably could've called this entire experience just based on the locale/exterior, but wanted to give it the benefit of the doubt. 
Save some time/money/annoyance.. Go somewhere else.3 words you will never hear or see in the midwest: Happy Hour Oysters. Awesome! My friend and I took a scenic streetcar ride down St. Charles St. and saw this place- decided to stop in on the way back. We were glad we did! 
We had: Oysters- raw and charbroiled, many local beers, and it was all at the direction of the funky hipster bartender. He just took over, which was awesome,. We were seated at the bar next to a group of older fun ladies from Minnesota, so we became one big loud drunk group of 6 women and had a great time. 
Add a free oyster or 2 from the shuckers in the back.... and I'm sold. Thanks, Blind Pelican!Went to the Blind Pelican to partake of the nightly oyster specials with a group of 12 bike riders on a Saturday evening.  It was my first visit there, so I was not familiar with the specific protocol.  I'd read that orders for oysters on the half shell were limited to one dozen per customer at a time, due to the sheer number of customers at Happy Hour.  I didn't realize that a mandatory drink  order was required with each dozen oysters.  I also was unaware that because I had ordered from the bar, I needed to settle my tab at the bar in order to be seated on the patio.  Once that matter was resolved, I continued my 30 minute wait to receive my one dozen raw oysters on the half shell.  There were three oyster shuckers on duty and they were shucking oysters non-stop.
Let me just sat that my oysters were plump and delicious.  The only drawback was that the only dipping options were cocktail sauce and horseradish, with sliced lemons and crackers, but no Tabasco sauce.  In hindsight, that was probably a beneficial windfall because I was able to get a more unadulterated taste of the actual oysters.  My other two friends at my table had a bit longer to wait for  their orders.  Sadly, my friend that ordered a dozen raw oysters on the half shell had to wait for nearly 45 minutes.  But even worse, my friend that ordered the dozen chargrilled  oysters had his order delivered to the wrong table and he had to wait for a replacement order to arrive.  Of the three orders of oysters at my table, mine was the most consistent and most closely met expectations.  The second order of raw oysters at our table was of varying sized mollusks... small, medium and large.  One of those oysters was so large that my friend was so intimidated by it that he cut it into three portions for each of us to share.  The order of chargrilled oysters was also prepared differently than we were expecting because they were not cooked as long as we are accustomed to, in comparison to Acme or Drago's.  Therefore, the oysters were much more juicy and tender. They also did not have as much garlic atop the oysters, and thus retained more of the oyster flavor.
The food I sampled was great.  However the wait time was a bit much because of the large Happy Hour crowd.  There were flat screened televisions everywhere, so I was able to stay entertained watching several sporting events simultaneously.  I will return.My family ate here after a long hot day at Jazz Fest. The choice was a compromise between meat and fish eaters. The compromise was good beer and oysters. Unfortunately neither panned out.
The evening got off to a rough start when 5 of us were seated at a 2' x 2' square table crammed onto a narrow porch. When we asked if we could move two of the tables together to create a little more space to place dishes, we were told that it was restaurant policy that you had to have 6 people to combine tables. So several of us ended up with a small piece of a corner.
The draft beer menu was promising with several local micro brews and a good selection of micro brews from around the country. We ordered beers and 2 dozen oysters. The waitperson disappeared and returned with some of our beers. One of us wanted an Arrogant Bastard, but they couldn't get the keg to produce anything  but foam.  The waitperson brought an alternative which was an okay substitute, but charged us for the AB. When I later questioned the difference (turns out there was none) she suddenly remembered she forgot to change it.
As we were anticipating our last oysters in NOLA, our main orders arrived. I informed the person who brought that we had not had our appetizers yet.  She informed us that it didn't matter since the entrees were to be delivered as soon as they were ready. I tracked down our original wait person who agreed that the entrees should not have arrived before the oysters and said the shuckers were backed up from happy hour (it was at least 2 hours later). She offered to take the entrees away so we could enjoy the oysters, which I refused as it would not have helped the entrees. She then offered to comp the oysters, which while a nice gesture, was problematic from a timing standpoint as well as it would have been  impossible to place two dozen oysters on our small table along with our entrees and drinks.In the end the wait person did comp us one beer. 
The service overall was very poor. The beer was good, but the food was okay at best and very salty. Can't comment on the oysters.
Do yourself a favor and go further out St. Charles to Superior Seafood and Oyster which has great oysters, beer and service, or try one of the many good restaurants on Magazine St. instead.Went for the happy hour charbroiled oysters deal.  I do not even like oysters.  But the charbroiled oysters are so amazing.  These are the best I had in New Orleans.  The service isn't the best and it feels kind of like a dive bar with decent food.  The happy hour deal is very good though.  The rest of the food was only average.  Regular New Orleans style food.  Go for the charbroiled oysters!Cold beer and crawfish what more can you ask for?  Now I guess, and from what I've heard, the  crawfish boil isn't offered all the time but that's not a heart breaker because the oysters are solid as well.  This is not fine Cajun dining, this is a New Orleans watering hole with good food.Love this place. Found if in on our way home. The half off oyster special was great, the oysters taste super fresh. They also have a great beer selection for all taste buds. Our waitress April was very nice and sociable. Living on the north shore we will still come back for the deals and atmosphere.I wish so much to give them better as I'm a pretty fair person however we walked about a mile or more to get there as we had been in the area. When we walked in the first day there was no air and it was 86 out so we decided to go else where.  Ok the next trip was because they have .25 oysters everyday during a certain time. We took the troll this time and sat outside there was a nice breeze. The sprite was out of syrup bummer. Then the 1st dozen of oysters had not really been cleaned properly still black sand mush on them. The sever said they sell over a million not sure in what time frame though. The second dozen was so disappointing it had WORMS. WORMS WORMS YES WORMS GROSS. I  turned green in my face and had to be excused. While walking to the bathroom I noticed about 5 young men chucking away with no care in the world.  They took it off my bill and said it was normal and not to worry. The owners wife had came around and apologized and then told us that her husband smoked some deer and was going to serve it tomorrow and that we should come by it will be a real treat. FYI in illinois you need a permit to sell venision. Anyone KNOW if you can just sell venison in LA? ??Oysters on the half shell good. Shrimp po-boy and oyster boy also tasty. I can forgive the lack of fountain drinks and glassware since it was Lundi Gras but the ridiculous time it took to get our food can only be attributed to our waitress. The restaurant was only 1/5 full since it was early during lunch.   Oysters took no more than 5 minutes. Po Boys took 45. 20 min after asking our order our waitress asked us what we ordered so she can check on it. Rightttt.  Obviously she forget to put out order in. All tables seated after us had food and paid up 5 min after we received our food. It was obviously by our waitress' outfit - bra less with some kind of voodoo queen outfit - that having fun for herself took precedence over good service.  
We won't return.Best char grilled oysters I've ever had!! Jimmy is the best server ever! I'm from NJ and was told I had to come here. Great service and all the servers were awesome.Loved this place! We checked in our hotel and asked where would be a cool place to grab some drinks and some food. We were
directed to the Blind Pelican. Love the whole bar scene and what I loved even more were the prices! It helped that we arrived just in time for happy hour. We ordered some chips and salsa, which were delish, and 2 dozen oysters! My boyfriend and I  devoured everything! I think we were more shocked at how fresh everything was and for such a low price! $3.00 for a dozen oysters? Yes, please! Needless to say, we will be making another stop there before we head home!The charbroiled oysters are excellent. The staff make you feel welcome and at home. I come to the NO for these oysters. Best Happy Hour I've experienced 3 years in a row. I wouldn't  change a thing about the venue or the staff.The oysters are fresh year round even though you're only supposed to eat them in the months ending in 'r' the only problem is that the wait is so longSamuel's Blind Pelican is a restaurant located right on St. Charles, minutes away from downtown New Orleans. The eatery is well known for it's fresh happy hour oyster deal from 4pm - 8pm, everyday of the year. A few friends and I decided to give the place a try after hearing all the buzz. My first impression was that the exterior and overall aesthetic of the place was analogous to the southern nature of the restaurant and its menu. We were seated, shortly after putting our name in, on the patio, right next to a pungent trash can. After a rather decent wait, the waiter came to our table. I ordered the Chargrilled Oysters with a Margarita. It took longer than anticipated to receive both the oysters and the drink, but both were extremely satisfying. The Oysters were seasoned and grilled very well and I recommend them to any visitors. Overall my only complaint was the substandard service, but I would not let it hinder my decision to eat there again.$3 a dozen oysters for happy hour. They oysters were quite good, both the raw and charbroiled.  I also got the alligator sausage appetizer.  Highly recommend all three.  This isn't necessarily a place for a great sit down dinner, but rather a bar with some terrific food. Get a beer and a dozen oysters and be merry.Came here on the recommendation of someone who lives in NOLA. Happy hour from 4-8 is the best deal in town.  Make sure you go early if you want to get seated without a wait. They have an outside patio that seats about 20 tables and inside the are another 6-7. Very tight quarters but will worth it. Well drinks are 2 for 1 and their well bourbon/whiskey is Jack Daniels. For every adult beverage ordered during happy hour you can order a dozen oysters raw ($3.00) or charbroiled ($7.00) Nice! Started with the fried green tomato stack. This was the best part of the meal.for me and we actually ended up ordering a second one later in the night. For dinner we had various oysters raw and charbroiled and both we delicious.  Another friend had the chicken nachos.  They were decent but definitely not their strongest suit.  We also ordered the crawfish.  They are cooked onsite and take about and hour to get done after the crawfish cook's 6 pm arrival.  The crawfish themselves are not too spicy, but the corn potatoes and sausage that come with it will light up even the most spicy food coneisseurs.  Enjoyable evening spent with Matt who was extremely accommodating and had a great sense of humor even while being over seated during the rush. Steve the owner was very personable and enjoyed talking with him about his restaurant and football. (Note the "Godell Sucks" jersey on the wall and ask for the story about how the glass got broken.) This was will worth the trip to the 4th Ward and a nice change of pace from the crowds of Bourbon Street. If you go to New Orleans you should definitely find your way to this spot. I know I will definitely be coming back again!Great prices during happy hour but the oysters had bits of shell where other places that we have tried did not Service is slow. If you can live with the shell bits, this is a place to go .Extremely disappointed. I was here for my last night in Louisiana and waited over an hour and 45 minutes for food that we didn't even get. The waitresses just seemed annoyed for being there and not once apologized.I'd give this 3.5 stars really...a great spot to watch the game or have a drink before starting your bar crawl...the bartenders are super nice! 
There's even one from Washington state who is doubly nice and bold (the dude rocks a Seahawks hat) in a sea of black and gold. who dat???
pps. the half star comes from the stuffed cheetah mauling a pigeon. Random!! 
ps. does anyone else think there are too many flies in here though?Idk if the heat got to us or something, but our time here was almost miserable. there was virtually zero indoor seating, and during happy hour it gets really really hot outside even with all the fans and shade they provided. I know it was happy hour, but it was such a long wait to get seated, and while hostess was attentive, the waitress was not. our bottled beers took 15 minutes to come out. our chargrilled dozen took 45 minutes to come out. Yeah, you can't beat the price of oysters, but there was definitely grit, and the oysters were small. pay the extra quarter to get FRESH and large oysters at Superior seafood. 
The oysters when they finally came tasted not bad, and were topped with bread and swimming in a pool of golden butter. Probably would've liked it better if i didn't wait close to an hour for them.For what it is, cannot be beat.
Patio seating on a warm day watching the streetcars go by is so relaxing.
Double drinks for the price of singles and 25c oysters during happy hour. The charbroiled are fantasssstic. Once they got super packed, the shucking took more time, as expected.
We still managed to get a great buzz on and down 9 dozen oysters.
Service was great and friendly. Love this place!!Happy hour 4-8 was great and the oyster prices were fantastic, but that's were it ended. My fish tacos were blah, had to find waitress to get utensils and the salad ordered with blackened fish was chicken and we never got the salad dressing. The only reason I would go back would be for happy hour and that's it, but there's so many other great spots to eat and drink . Service was awfulWeirdest Place ever! Went here during oyster happy hour ordered some oysters and drinks, which were all super fine. 
Saw the next table getting some Burgers, Tacos etc and i felt the urge to order it. The waiter told us that they wouldn't let us order any food! Yeah, literally made no sense to me why they wouldn't let us order food at a freaking restaurant. 
All the while the next table was getting more orders of Tacos and burgers getting served to them. Completely perplexed. The explanation was super wonky. "The manager was in the kitchen and going on a rampage." Thats what we were told. It didn't make any sense but I was pretty much done by then.Friend and I went here yesterday.  
Atmosphere- Great atmosphere.  Doors were open and wonderful spring breeze was kicking.  LOVE the vintage Falstaff beer signs.  I liked how the kitchen was set up and the separate oyster bar.
Beer- Very good craft beer list.  They were out of a lot of beer but I think thats okay since all of Kentucky seemed to be in the bar for the Final Four.
Food- Burger was solid and inexpensive at $6.50.  it was just reported that Kim and Craig from J'anitas will be taking over the kitchen as well so bonus!
Overall-  Great little bar with great beer selection!Best oysters on the half shell EVER! Very friendly staff! Great cocktail choices...the Rum Chata shots were delectable! I would definitely recommend a stop at the Blind Pelican!!I came to this place for the first time in 2016 and I loved it! They were serving their $0.50 (I think) oysters after 4pm. I visited them more recently a month ago and I can tell there must be new management. They did not have the crawfish by the pound. I can't remember if the waiter said it wasn't the season or what else. And they ran out of oysters which was unfortunate. The place wasn't packed so maybe bad weather interfered with the fishing (I'm just taking a guess). I was not as impressed as I was the first time but maybe it was just a bad day for them.A bit of a mixed review. Came here New Year's Day with some friends for dinner. While waiting for a table we met a their fabulous bartender. Finally got our table after 40 minutes bc they skipped over our name. Once sat we ordered raw and fried oysters immediately, bc clearly in high demand and would take the longest to get...little did we know it would end up taking 3 hours and in the mean time the tables on either side of us were sat had ordered oysters received them payed and left, yeahRIPOFF!!! DO NOT USE CREDIT CARD HERE!!!!
I was there on May 29th.  I used my debit card to pay.  I was then double-charged for my dinner.  I've called daily, spoke to the manager (Billy) and the owner (Steve).  I've repeatedly been told "we're looking into it".  Billy tells me the other day that he saw the owner looking into it, and he mentioned that my claim was not correct.  I've called again the past two days, left messages, and not one call back.  Today I contacted my bank to dispute.  They called with me on the line, and after describing why they were calling the person answering the phone hung up on the bank.  Very unprofessional, and I wouldn't recommend going there at all unless you want to run the risk of having money stolen from you.BLUF:  Amazing oyster happy hour.  Good atmosphere and staff.
$0.25 oysters for happy hour.  That is crazy.  You have to drink for each order but that is just as fun.  They have a standard beer list.  When we were there they were out of half of the beers which was annoying but no big deal.  
Waiter was super nice and helpful.  We saw full meals coming out that looked good but didnt have anythign but the oysters which were big and good.  We had raw and chard.  Both were great.  
Lots of young people having a good time.  Lots of outdoor seating plus indoor.  Good place to get bar hop.I am here for the happy hour and am satisfied. The deal is 0.25 cent raw oyster with each alcoholic drink. If you are looking for cheap oyster and drinking this could be a place to go.Came here Friday night with gf, roommate, and roommate's gf for Michigan basketball watch party and Happy Hour.  The $3/dozen raw oysters and $7.50/dozen chargrilled oysters may be my favorite Happy Hour deals in the city (along with 75-cent sliders and meat pies at American Sector).  Especially the char-grilled.  My gf and I also split a shrimp po-boy and fries, which was pretty good for a bar.  I would've like a little more shrimp, but the flavor was good, and there wasn't too much bread.  
One major drawback was the service.  It seemed very slow and a bit disorganized.  Granted, it was PACKED.  But the waiter forgot my gf's drink order twice, and the food runners went to the wrong tables more than once. 
Another thing I didn't like was that we were told each of us could only order so many oysters.  Don't know if that's normal or was just because it was so crowded.  Either way, NOT a good way to bring customers back.
I'd like to go back just for a normal happy hour and see how they do.  
Giving 4-stars because I think it may have just been too packed and overwhelming for the staff, but I'll see next time.  If it's the same, will have to drop to 3-stars.Fish tacos were good though not as described on the menu. It had other stuff on it. Burger was decent. Service was terrible and took forever. We were one of 2 tables filled at the time (off hours) and they had several severs hanging around. Probably wouldn't go back, especially with all the options in town.Decent food for a sports bar, fish tacos had great flavor. Very much a sports bar with decent food, not a restaurant with a sports package, but with that in mind it was worth the visitYou can't get a better deal than the happy hour oysters at the Blind Pelican. Raw oysters are 25 cents each and char broiled oysters (which are INCREDIBLE - order extra bread to dip into the super delicious and cheesy oil thats left over) are 75 cents each. They also have good deals for buckets of beers. The one negative about this place is that it is super crowded any day of the week, so get there on the earlier side to make sure you have enough time to enjoy the happy hour deals.I came to this place for the first time in 2016 and I loved it! They were serving their $0.50 (I think) oysters after 4pm. I visited them more recently a month ago and I can tell there must be new management. They did not have the crawfish by the pound. I can't remember if the waiter said it wasn't the season or what else. And they ran out of oysters which was unfortunate. The place wasn't packed so maybe bad weather interfered with the fishing (I'm just taking a guess). I was not as impressed as I was the first time but maybe it was just a bad day for them.I'm not quite sure how much I can say about this place, as I've only been here for happy hour...  The service was great, and we were seated quite promptly even with a cue, but the oysters weren't the greatest.  We got a shell in our raw oysters, which rarely happens at my usual spot, but that alone is forgivable.  We then had chargrilled oysters, which are my favorite, but again, the seasoning and grilling was a bit lacking.  I had a bit of a fried soft shell crab, which also wasn't the greatest.  There was no crunch to the batter, and the crab was a bit fishy.  I am a huge fan of soft shell crab, and I just wasn't impressed.  The establishment itself is a great looking place with a New Orleans vibe, but the service wasn't the greatest, and neither was the food (though the oysters were cheap for happy hour).Great spot to watch Mardi Gras parades while seated and no bs cover like other spots on st Charles. Food was good not great and beers are cheap by my standards with very good variety/selection. Lacking of last star is due to bartender who when I asked questions about beers replied I don't drink beer.The good: Lot's of tv's
The bad: Cockroaches, angry management, and dirty oysters.
We have visited Blind Pelican twice now, and both times were a disaster.
Visit #1: A Saturday mid-afternoon. Sat at the bar for a couple of afternoon beers. The bartender was pleasant enough, but disappeared after pouring our first round. The manager took over, and was a downright jerk. We had to constantly ask for things instead of him being proactive (refilling our waters, pouring another round, etc), and he made us feel like we were being a bother by being at his bar.  
A gentleman who appeared to be the owner came in for about 5 minutes.  He went behind the bar, drank some jagermeister, and started an argument with the manager. They bickered back and forth for a couple of minutes, right in front of the guests, then the owner left and the manager became even more of a jerk.  When we asked for our check, I think he actually almost went off on us for bothering him again.  We left, both feeling uneasy with our entire experience.
Visit #2: Despite the first bad experience, we went back again because we had heard about the happy hour oysters.  Can't beat $3 per dozen, right? We arrived about 3:30pm, a half hour before the oysters went on sale, so we order a couple beers to kill some time.  While we sat at our  table waiting on 4pm, we noticed at the oyster shucking station that flies were crawling into the horseradish and cocktail sauce cups.  Like, actually crawling in the condiments.  YUCK.
The oysters came, and they were full of chipped shells and sand.  Completely inedible!  We asked the server about this, and her response was 'That's just how they are here.'  We watched the guy shucking the oysters, and he was being completely careless. Literally all 24 oysters that we had were dirty and with chipped shells, so we sent them back, as they couldn't be eaten.
We then ordered a shrimp po boy and chicken wings.  Not sure which it was, but both of us were up all night throwing up. Not surprising that a place with flies in the food and dead cockroaches laying around that we got food poisoning.
Yes, cockroaches. Before we left, my girlfriend went to use the ladies room.  She came back out disgusted because there were dead cockroaches in the restroom. 
Overall, absolutely poor experiences both times we went in. There are PLENTY of other places in the neighborhood that have friendly service, good food, and no cockroaches. We won't be back.I stumbled upon this restaurant on yelp while looking for something near our hotel. The reviews were pretty good and the fact that they have 25 cent oysters from 4-8 for happy hour everyday didn't hurt. The only drink specials they have are $2 wells but the oyster special is insane! A dozen chargrilled oysters for $7.50 is awesome and a dozen of raw are $3. I ate 2 dozen chargrilled and they were so good! Slightly understaffed so the service was a little slow but other than that it's a good local placeoysters r good, service is attentive, drink pours r very very weak. get a beer and ur probly good!!!Honestly, the oysters were absolutely out of this world. And the food wasn't even the best part. Casey and Mikey  - the two adorable male bartenders in the front are the life of the party. It might be a wait for things but it's well worth it.Highly recommend by the concierge lady where I stayed a couple of blocks away. Happy hour from 4-8 was awesome.  # $3.00 for a dozen raw oyster  and $8.00 for  a dozen Chargrill oyster was delish... #jimmy the bartender  was sooo awesome!..friendly and great service!  Would definitely come back next time I visit Nola though this is my 2nd time in 4 days!Went in for lunch on a Saturday and had the worst restaurant experience in my life. Orders were forgotten and the ones that did come out were incorrect. Jell-O shots were literally soap tasting. Oyster po boys were under cooked. All other sandwiches tasted of dirt.I was recently here on 11/1 and the customer service was sub par. It was about 4:00 so not crowded to not be acknowledged within 5 minutes. I found this place on Yelp for the good reviews on Happy Hour specials which were nicely priced. The catch is purchasing an alcoholic drink ($4-10). I must admit I've had better chargrilled oysters in NOLA but for $10 a dozen, can't beat it. We ordered two dozen.  For the second order, I requested for the oysters to be more charred and well done; didn't happen and cheese wasn't melted on either order.
Good location in Garden District right on the St. Charles Trolley stop. 
This place can be 5 stars if there was more attentive, personable staff, non wobbly patio tables and better TLC chargrilled oysters.Excellent sandwich, great environment that relax. Fried green tomatoes were mouth watering delicious.We wasted our last night in NOLA here. It looked so cool but we should've turned around when we walked in and it smelled horrible! The food was mediocre and the service was worse. Don't waste your time.Absolutely TERRIBLE service... after being told that there would be a 20 minute wait we were finally seated at a tiny table in the corner or the doorway by the bar where we were completely ignored for about another 20 minutes. Tons of workers passed repeatedly without any acknowledgement at all. My boyfriend stopped one of the guy employees and asked for service, he then told us that he would get someone to help us, but no one ever came. On the other hand that guy employee passed us over and over again never updating us on the server. Growing impatient i flagged down a female worker and asked about how long does it usually take to be helped after being seated and who's section was it that we were seated in. She told me that she had no idea. Then i asked who could i speak with that would have the answers to the questions SHE clearly couldn't answer. All while she's  trying to avoid me, rushing  off and trying to walk away. My boyfriend then said to forget about it and we proceeded to leave.The waiter who helped us was super nice. The food was decent...this was all until I went to the ladies room where I found a big roach on it's back in front of a stall trying desperately to turn over. Another person in the bathroom heard me freak out she said "yeah look up in the lights". Looked up saw about two more scurrying around. Made me feel rally uneasy. Wished I checked the bathroom before the meal, would have gone elsewhere.This is a review of the bar only.
After a long night out, I ended up here. I was in the mood for a place where I wouldn't be bothered and could have a few beers and relax. This bar worked perfectly.
The bar was fairly large with plenty of seating. The beer choices were very good, with several craft brews I had never heard of. I will have to return and taste my way through their beer menu when I have more time. Service was friendly and fairly quick.
I really liked the atmosphere of this place. The night I went was cool and breezy so all of the doors were open. Even though I knew I was on St. Charles Avenue, I felt like i was on vacation somewhere near the beach.
I will definitely be back to try the food, and work my way through their beer menu.Took 2 hours to get all of our food. Group of 10 people - two plates came out at a time over one hour. They said the kitchen was understaffed, but then the owner sat down and chatted while only half of us had our food. Neither the waitstaff nor owner seemed to care about the wait or the awful service. Terrible experience - stay away.Truffle fries and a hot toddy on this wet and cold day hit the spot!
Oysters were plentiful... Raw or blackened.... I'm not an oyster girl but my compadres are.... They loved them!
Bloody Mary's were very good too!DO NOT GO. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE.  If I can give this restaurant ZERO stars, I would...  
We arrived after a big basketball game.  So the restaurant was half empty.  A host/waiter came up and said there is a 15 - 20 minute wait due to the fact he wanted to stagger tables so the kitchen does not get slammed with orders all at once.  Being from the food service business, this is acceptable.  We placed our name on the wait list.  During this time, a cook, who was boiling crawdads, said a party on the wait list left do to the long wait.  WARNING.  25 minutes later we were escorted to our table.  
Once seated, no restaurant employee acknowledge us for 20 minutes.  I finally walked up to the bar personally and bought beers for my girlfriend and myself.   5 minutes after I got my beer, a waiter finally came up to the table asked if we had our order taken and apologized.  We ordered truffle French fries and Atchafalaya (seafood) pizza.  
In the meantime, a table of locals sat themselves next to us.  The same waiter came up to them in a short period of time (5 - 10 minutes) and took their order.  In about 10 - 15 minutes, they received their full order of truffle French fries, oysters and crawdad boil.  We waited another 10 minutes for our fries!!!  The same fries.  When we received our food, the fries were good and the pizza was burnt black.  The waiter said I ordered another pizza.  But just eat what you can.  20 minutes later our second pizza came.  The pizza was "over" toasted.  Although the pizza was not as burnt, it was almost inedible.  The waiter came by again and apologized.  He wanted to make peace and brought my girlfriend a free beer.
All in all the experience was a wasted 2.5 hours.  I am assuming the owner was a mid-50's white guy with a clean chef's jacket ordering staff and walking around talking to guest.  It's alright to talk to the guest.  But he also has to manage the staff.  Moreover, he should hire a front of house manager and hostess.  
Clearly, there is no one managing the front of house.  The host is one of the waiters trying to serve tables and manage the guest list. A busboy would walk around aimlessly.  He could have brought water.  Or warn the waiter that a table is not being served.  
This restaurant is clearly a candidate for an episode for "Restaurant Takeover", Gordon Ramsey's "Kitchen Nightmare" or should really go out of business.  Do NOT waste your time and money at this restaurant.  There are too many other restaurants that New Orleans has to offer.  DO NOT go.I went for happy hour for the oysters Friday evening. 25 cents each. I eat allot of oysters. Double shot drinks. Donna was our waitress. They were very busy and there did not seem to be more than 2 or 3 wait staff. That being said Donna showed up at our table quite frequently asking if we needed anything. Not too frequently to be aggravating. I knew if we needed anything She would be there soon to get it for us. The oysters and food was excellent. My Granddaughter had the chicken tenders and I was impressed how good they were. The fried eggplant sticks were to die for. They have a really cool menu. We sat on the balcony and it was cold outside but the outdoor heaters were more than enough to keep us warm. I will be back very often to this place. Thanks Y'all for a great night out with the Family!We went for drinks and dinner.  It was a busy night and the wait staff were honest about the wait.  We enjoyed a great conversation with the owner Steve and Dexter let us try a sample of the country boil while we were waiting for a table.  Food was great and they played the best music.  We had a great night and plan to go back before we leave town.SO GOOD! Great oysters, great drink selection. You cannot beat this place. Especially their happy hour!We walked about 7 miles to come eat oysters only to be informed the kitchen was backed up and would be about an hour and half wait. The hostess said they were not waiting on tables just waiting on the kitchen. She said we could sit outside or at the bar while we waited, we went and sat at a table outside and she rudely came up to us and told us we could not sit there after she just told us we could sit outside. She was the rudest hostess we have ever had the displeasure of dealing with. She cost the business 5 dinners tonight and in the future. We will not return to this establishment. She is not good for your business.Never expected to find anything this good in New Orleans!  We've had big oysters from the Gulf before, and we've had $4 a doz oysters, but we've never had the largest oysters we've ever seen and for only $3 a dozen!!!  We had them both ways, raw and char-grilled.  Both were outstanding (the char-grilled cost somewhat more).  Service from the kitchen was a bit slow, so don't expect "fast food."  Service from the wait staff was attentive, something we experienced from three different servers the three consecutive evenings we were there.  Also, you gotta try the Fish Tacos and the Alligator Sausage, both excellent.  Couldn't believe my taste buds.I should have known better since I live in New Orleans. Went there on a Monday, and typical bartender was hungover. Got chicken tenders. How the hell does someone screw up something so damn easy to make. Typical tourist TRAP.Service was bad.  I think our waiter was a recovering Meth head.  Sat outside and seemed like a nice casual spot though.  Good was not that good either. Hamburger dryer than a hockey puck.  Po Boy sandwich was tasteless.  Fries were ok. Nachos were ok.  Seemed lie everybody was there for oysters.  Would go back to try them only and hope for a different waiter.Cool place and setting.  Service was definitely lacking.  Food was so-so.  Mufeletta was great, burger was ok.  Truffle fries were nothing special.  Waitress had an awful attitude.  Overall I'd say a let down from our expectations.Such an amazing place, its crowded becasue its anzing. Dont be upset if you show up at the end of hppy hour. Come early to get ready for $0.25 oysterIf you are looking for friendly staff, seating inside or out, plenty of TVs for sports, a broad choice of cold beers and 25 cent raw oysters from 4:00 - 8:00 in New Orleans, you're in the right place! 15 minutes from The Quarter right on St. Charles. What's not to like?OMG! BEST. OYSTERS. EVER! And at happy hour - they are priced right for getting your fill! Delicious.Blind Pelican has one of the best oyster happy hours in the city. Everyday from 4-8PM you can get 3$/raw dozen or 7.5$/chargrilled dozen w/ each purchase of an alcoholic beverage. 
Yes, during these hours they get busy! So service is lacking. Don't you expect that though? I do..
The raw oysters are a hit or miss based on season. The last time I visited, the oysters were so deliciously big! They were cleaned very well too. Which is a big deal for me! The chargrilled oysters are doused in butter and cheese. They're worth trying. 
I've had a handful of menu items (Fish tacos, truffle fries, & onion rings). The food is average.
The draft selection isn't bad. I think there's Purple Haze, Bluemoon, UFO Harpoon*, Canebrake, and many more. Get the Harpoon if it's available.The food is bland. No flavor what so ever. I had the blackened chicken sandwich and there was not enough sauce on it. I had cheese grits as a side and it tasted like they did not even put salt on them. The drinks are overpriced as well.  The atmosphere is nice but I will definitely not be coming back here. The food is bland and overpriced. There were also a ton of fruit flies everywhere made it impossible to eat.My meal (a dozen char-grilled oysters and a side of alligator hash) was five-star, but my unshelfish wife's meal knocked 'em down a notch.  They were out of anything with chicken and delivered her burger with all the stuff she asked them to leave off. No matter. It was understood that a dozen oysters this good for literally next to nothing was the find of our trip.  Sorry, Acme. This place has won me over.Omg! Charbroiled oysters!!!! What??? Awesome...is all I can say....not to mention half price daily from 4-8pm. 10.00 for a dozen...only 3.00 raw. Location is great. St Charles trolley stop out front. Also, they have a crawfish boil out front...2.5 lbs 15.99.Average food, horrible service.  This place looks great from the outside but don't get sucked into its veneer.  Hostess gave up our table, kitchen burned our food, waitress cursed us.  Just horrible experience once you get past the hostess stand.So sad -5 stars isn't an option... I understand it is Mardi Gras, however, this is not their first Mardi Gras because I've been there before and had good service. 
Let us begin:
No TP in the ladies room. Waitress does not apologize, instead she says, "Yeah, we're out. It's on the truck."
No chicken wings. 
No French fries. But we have sweet potato fries. Ok. 
We order one slice cheese pizza (for $6. across the street at Slice, they're $3) one order of sweet potato fries, plain, one beer.
Got the beer, finished it in 25 minutes. No food. 
Waitress, "You guys ok?"
Me, "We're starving. Where's our pizza and fries?"
Waitress, "...." walks away. 
6 minutes later, I go find her to pay for my beer because WTF? One slice and a basket of fries?  
Me, "Here's $7 we gotta go."
Waitress, "I think your pizza is in the window."
Me, "Don't care. Happy Mardi Gras."
We won't be back.Good raw 25c oysters and the charbroiled oysters are just as good.  The people were nice and the TV's had the game on.It was a decent experience. The oysters were amazing!  But everything else was nothing special. My husband got the fish tacos and said they were fine, and I got the the chicken cordon bleu sandwich which was dry. The server was attentive but kept going to the bar and drinking with the bartender, she was drunk by the time we left. 
The food was okay but the staff was super unprofessional.  If we go back, it will only be for the oysters.Great oysters and great prices. They have a sweet happy hour! Lots of outside seating overlooking St.Charles Ave. and a great place to watch a game. I would give it more of a 3.5 bc the service isn't very consistent. Our servers have been super nice and the beginning they give a lot of attention and then later disappear.Four stars for their happy hour oyster deal. Three stars for their drink menu. We came here on Thursday and did the popular 25 cent per oyster deal ($3 for a dozen of raw oysters with the purchase of a drink). You can only do the deal once per person so I made my husband order another dozen as well. The deal was too good to pass up! If you are drinking anyway, why not get a $3 dozen of fresh tasty raw oysters?! 
My husband ordered the spicy wings and those were really good too. I wish their drink menu was more innovative and wasn't as bottom barrel with their cocktail options. 
If you are looking to grab a couple beers with friends and eat cheap delicious oysters definitely come here during happy hour. The deal is just that good.After staying on St. Charles for a week, this place caught our eye everytime we passed it. A beautiful, relaxing outdoor setting is just what we wanted our last night before heading home the next day. We walked in, greeted by no one- so we sat ourselves. There was one young waiter running around like crazy- he never got to us. He was trying really hard but seemed to have no support. About 10 minutes later the general manager came  to our table & asked how we were doing. As he asked us, he realized we had no menus or drinks. After ordering, it took awhile before getting our food (2 salads & a sandwich....) my drink that I initially ordered never came- I had to ask for it.. Also as our food was brought to us, we had no silverware & had to ask for it twice. My salad was soggy & warm.. Miscommunication, seemed like no direction there. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone as the service was bad, and food wasn't good. Only good thing is the location, the setting.  And never once did we get an apology for waiting & being forgotten about!!If possible, I would have given less than 1 star if I could.  I came here to eat due to it's high curb appeal as well and made a mistake I would soon later learn to regret.  Patiently waited 1 hour for my appetizer and garden salad until being informed by the waitress that it would be another 15 mins!  The service by waitstaff was fine, but the kitchen staff and management provided a torturous experience that made me fantasize of suicide in order to escape this unbearable hungry man's nightmare.  We were not extended any apology or explanation by management as to why it takes more than 1 hour for an appetizer and salad.  Our waitress informed us of the businesses unique business strategy of hiring staff that don't know how to cook and a management that do not know how to manage.   If you're having too awesome of a day and looking to go somewhere to ruin it...look no further and head to Blind Pelican.GREAT neighborhood bar with really good food.  We stop in every time we are in town (3-4 times a year).  Generous drinks and the chipotle wings are a wonderful alternative to buffalo (which they also serve).  wife loves the fried green tomato stack.  Owner Steve often leaves the kitchen to mingle with his guests, adding to the charm.  Oh yeah, the 25 cent happy hour oysters doesn't suck!!This is a great hole in the wall place that was recommended to us by a local. They have a great happy hour special consisting of a dozen oysters for $3 (raw) and $8.50 (charbroiled) when an ADULT beverage is purchased. Pretty small so it can get a little cramped because it's always busy but the wait time hasn't been more than 15 minutes. Food comes out fast!  Great place if your looking for booze and oysters!Omg...we've been here an hour and no food. The waiter can't even bring our table water. With so many great restaurants in New Orleans do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.Lots of great draft beers and 25c raw oysters!
What's more ... Friendly bartenders and waiters.  They deserve the 5 stars.Came here for a drink outside. Nice atmosphere, good service. I had low expectations of the food so it ended up better than expected.  
We had the alligator sausages which had a nice flavor too them with a nice mustard dipping sauce.  Also had the catfish tenders and was blown away by how good teh catfish was compared to other catfish I've had out of the state.i dream about their happy hour cheap grilled oysters.  I'm not sure what I like more, the oysters, or the left over bits of cheese & 1/4" of butter at the bottom of the plate.  (okay, almost positive it's the butter & cheese).  
You can't beat this place for happy hour.  I've been here several times now and it's always consistent when it comes to oysters & beer.  Always a decent selection of beer, and the oysters have always been fresh, due to the turnover they have here.  
The oyster shuckers probably aren't the best in the world.  You'll get a bit of shell grit here and there, but for $3 a dozen for raw, you can't blame 'em for flying through them.  The charbroiled are a bit more expensive, but still dirt cheap and worth every penny.  
For the price for oysters, you just can't beat Blind Pelican.Recommended to us by the desk clerk during a recent stay at the Pontchatrain Hotel, my mother and I went to the Blind Pelican for a late night dinner.  We sat out side on the wrap around deck where the casual atmosphere was jus what we were looking for!  Service and food were both excellent.  We had the fish tacos and a huge plate of onion rings and both were to notch! Not one did I have to look for our waitress for drink refills.  I will more than happily return to the Blind Pelican next time I'm in town!I will not be going back...ever. Party of 4 - were told they'd be a 1/2 hour wait...ok no worries. We asked after 45 minutes how much longer... were told 'soon'. Then a couple who just walked up with a GREAT DANE were seated at a table - for four.... when we called them on it we heard 'oh there are only 3 seats there'... Umm, no you just moved a chair...we saw you. We were then spoken to as if we were imbeciles - and then a party of 5 was seated that came in after us... we left. We've been in New Orleans about 5 months and went often - especially with out of town guests. Never, ever again. I hope that Great Dane spent as much as we would have.....I only come for the happy hour deal. $0.25/raw oysters(minimum dozen) or $0.75/chargrilled oysters(half/whole dozen). You have to order a drink for the oyster deals, but that's fine since they have a great beer selection and the waiters seem to have good suggestions based on the type of beer you're looking for. 
I will say that when it's slow, like if you come by early in the happy hour after a storm has passed by, the waitresses kind of don't seem all that into it because everyone is at worst spending $8-$14 and at best spending $20 including tip and only half the tables have customers. Then if it's busy, most of my experienes here, they almost seem short staffed. This is the only reason I'm knocking a star off. Nothing they can do about it, but for people coming for their first time during happy hour it may throw them off. 
The rest of the menu looks decent. Classic bar fare with a NOLA twist. But like I said, I go for the oysters and maybe go for the crawfish boil if they are doing one.Great customer service- always friendly welcoming and attentive. (Shoutout to my favorite bartender Jimmy!) Charbroiled oysters are amazing and a good deal during Happy Hour!I am a local New Orleanian and I had friends in town for Mardi Gras this weekend. We had 11 in our party and had such a wonderful time.  Our waitress was Jewel and she did such a fabulous job. We had several things from the menu last night and everything was delicious!  Normally I go there for the 25 cents raw oysters (from 4-8pm), which are some of the best in town, but last night I decided to have a burger.  I ordered the Euterpe Burger which is marinated in red wine, topped with crumbled blue cheese, sliced pears, caramelized onions and a balsemic drizzle. They were out of pears due to a very busy weekend, but it was still one of the best burgers I have had in years!  A side is included and I would highly recommend the Alligator Hash.  I could go on and on but everything on the menu is highly recommended!  If you feel like a burger skip Port of Call and head to Samuel's Blind Pelican you won't regret it!  Thanks to all the staff for making the end of a wonderful weekend even that much more special!  We will see you soon!The cheapest oysters we had in town. So cheap... I mean we got a few dozen and when we didn't finish then I didn't feel guilty.  Sort of like a frat party/ backyard gathering.  The oysters came out quick, they weren't so well cleaned but tasty none the less. Had to wait awhile for a table during happy hour.  They have $3 Jello shots, something I haven't really seen on other menus.Love this place because of the 25 cent oysters. Of course you have to get 2 drinks per dozen but I think it was worth it. The oysters were one of the best oysters I have ever had. They were big and juicy. We were sitting by the oyster shuckers and they were very friendly to us.We got there and the hostess said it will be 10-15 minutes  for a table.  So we decided to get a drink at the bar. Waited roughly 10 minutes at the bar to get served. Then when we got our seats,we put in an order for a dozen oysters, fish taco and 1/2 dozen grilled oysters. Waited about 1hr and 1/2 for the 1/2 dozen grilled oysters.  WHERE THE HECK WAS OUR DOZEN RAW OYSTERS!!!? 2 hours passed, no fish taco and dozen oysters so we decided to get the check. It wasn't worth the wait for a dozen raw oysters. We walked to another restaurant down the street to get oysters instead and got it in less than 30 minutes. Wasted 2 hrs of my trip at the blind pelican. I'm sure the food is good but service is slow. U would expect raw oysters to come before the grilled oysters.The only reason why I gave  it two stars was because the service was good and owner made it right with the dish that I got.
I don't recommend this place as the plates are pretty pricey and they are very stingy with the portions. Not worth it.Truthfully we only go during the oyster happy hour (Everyday 4-8pm). Their chargrilled oysters are good and you should ask for extra sauce when you go. However, its always SUPER busy and packed. There's like one bartender who is friendly and that's Jimmy. The staff always generally looks overwhelmed and the space is not setup very well so all of the tables are close to each other and walking room is narrow. I like the oysters but I wouldn't pay full price for them. Overall, a decent experience.Okay well I love food so I might be partially biast. Been craving oysters all the time due to living in the Chicagoland.
Well this place was recommended by our BnB hosts and the succulent oysters were fresh and cold. Must needed.
Now as for the establishment, it became an understanding the bathrooms were less than par and seating was a tad uncomfortably setup. Service was as expected and all needed condiments were readily available.
The cherry on top is that if you buy any adult beverage, you get a choice of a dozen raw oysters for 3 bucks, 25 cents each or a dozen charred oysters for 10 bucks about 80 cents each.
I'd recommend this place for a snack or a light dinner and you must try truffle fries as well, pairs nicely with everything.
That's all, will eat there once again before we depart Nolo.This place had excellent service, excellent food, and $0.25 oysters from 4-8pm every day. What more could you ask for? Excellent beer selection? Well they had that too.We were lucky to get seated relatively quickly for this spot and got two dozen orders of grilled oysters, the alligator sausage and some sweet potato fries. 
The food was yummy, the oysters come topped with cheese, the sausage had a nice little kick and the sweet potatoes were standard. The three stars was for the service. Although we were seated quickly for a group of four our waitress seemingly forgot about us and it took a long time for the oysters to come out. Maybe we caught in on an off day but reading the other reviews it seems like it's a trendCan't beat the oyster happy hour, but the staff is incompetent and rude, even for New Orleans standards. The person next to me had two rounds of food come out before her first beer.Fantastic ambiance for a chill night. Our server and bartender were really sociable and down to talk about non-food subjects. The happy hour is such a steal: get drunk and eat as many oysters as you can. Raw and charbroiled oysters were not the greatest, but we're good and cheap! Crawfish boil was perfect Louisiana: spicy.Have you ever been invited to a club with your homies only to realize that you're actually at a gay bar and the girls are not coming? That was my experience at Blind Pelican. Except instead of girls, THE OYSTERS NEVER CAME. I placed my order for one dozen chargrilled oysters at 7:30 PM. 15 minutes go by, nothing. 30 minutes go by, nothing. 45 minutes go by, the family of eight to my left - who ordered before me and had no oysters - broke from visible agitation to eerie silence. They stared blankly at their ceramic white plates. One child began chewing the napkin in front of her. I hoped this was not my fate. 60 minutes go by, my table foolishly decides to pay the check thinking, 'hey the oysters will be here any minute and since we need to be somewhere else soon, let's pay up now so we can leave right after we finish eating.' DUMB. 75 minutes go by - our server says for the tenth time - "they're coming, I'll check on them". 90 minutes go by, no oysters. The family to the left has engaged in a yell fest with the server over the check and the paucity of oysters. I think to myself - I've already waited an hour and a half, there's no turning back now. 95 minutes later - a server walks toward my table holding a plate of oysters. This is it. The moment I've been waiting for since I sat down at 7:30 PM. It will all be worth it.... Nope. Server waltzes right by the table and delivers the oysters (raw) to another table. My server is nowhere to be seen. I put my jacket on. Stand up, and walk away in shame. I should have left an hour ago. THE OYSTERS. NEVER. CAME.Great place with a very good selection of beer. Atmosphere felt tropical with outside seating, open windows and a grove of palm trees. Food was excellent, fried green tomatoes were very unique and tasty. Had my first Dixie Beer in 39 years and it tasted great, other patrons joined in not knowing the history of the beer and New Orleans. Jimmy behind the bar was terrific, very pleasant and accommodating service. A must return to place.Oyster happy hour daily! Pay for a drink and get half priced raw and chargrilled oysters. Nice place to sit outside or on the balcony on a rainy day. The servers aren't the best ones around though.. We got our check without even being asked if we needed anything else.Went here to watch the Pelicans game, so I didn't try any of the food. However, the drink prices were good and the bartender were personable.The charbroiled oysters here are absolutely amazing. We got the oyster specials during happy hour--the charbroiled oysters are UNREAL. I quote a friend, "Imagine the best moment of your life except it's in the form of an oyster, covered in parmesan cheese and in your mouth. Close your eyes and enjoy." The sauce that it came with was so good that we got extra bread and scooped it up with the oyster shells. Wow. 
And the raw oysters are HUGE!!Not the greatest experience. It wasn't terribly crowded but we waited an hour for the nachos, (our appetizer) and they were tasteless and not worth the wait.. We had a nice table on the deck which was pleasant but very tight, and the food was so disappointing. The crawfish were too spicy for our taste. After all that waiting, we left disappointed and hungry...The oysters (both raw and chargrilled) were amazing. Needless to say, come during the happy hour so that you enjoy this unbeatable price... Keep one thing in mind, though... This is a place to relax and enjoy. The orders will take some time to get to your table, but it's worth the wait.Been in town for a week and came here nearly everyday and i must say Channing is the best server by far. It was like she was managing the entire place and taking tables at the same time.. We asked if she was a manager and she said no i was shovked. She knows the food and drinks and is so bubbly. 
Next time we are in town we will come see herChargrilled oyster and alligator hash were great! It was a weird vibe when we walked In but our waitress was friendly. It was close to where we were staying so we would probably go again to give it another try.Good beer selection, although it can be pricey.  Go for the 25 cent oysters and char-grilled oysters, which are very tasty.Great food and atmosphere, subpar but friendly service. Amazing happy hour oyster specialI wish I didn't have to even give this a star. 
On July 5, my sister and I came to Blind Pelican to eat an early lunch. Everything was fine, our waiter Ken was amazing. Then a man named Chuck came to sit with us, he told us that he painted the signs and such for the restaurant and had a sandwich named after him; "The Chuckster". 
After about ten minutes of light conversation (including when he referenced the oysters we were eating as something similar to female genitalia "soft and wet") Chuck randomly blurted out that he was "sick and tired of all the white guys getting blamed for killing black people." Chuck went on to tell me, a black woman, that if I wanted to own a house that I could because I'm not a slave anymore and that I shouldn't let anyone tell me I can't do anything, that I was a strong black woman and he was tired of us victimizing ourselves. He went on to say that black people (or brothers and sisters, as he referred to us, Lilttle Tyrelles when he spoke of children) were in the place we were in because we have no family structure and that it isn't white people's fault. That we kill each other and blame it on white people. He also said that he loves black people, that he even buys his drugs from us. He continued to harass me about black on black crime and that everything from slavery to the Jim Crow era was the fault of black people in this country. This is where I got up and left, he yelled after me "The truth hurts." 
What a shame because we enjoyed the food here. But Blind Pelican will never have my patronage. And I suggest they take "The Chuckster" off of their menu, lest they continue to honor an alcoholic, overweight bigot.Service is trash. Food is okay. Oysters on the cheap are great, but not that great when you can't get your order in even with a table and a server assigned to you. Even after asking another staff member to grab our waitress so we could order more food she continued to ignore us for over 15 minutes. As far as I'm concerned you can get better oysters out on the street outside of the bars in the 7th ward, straight off the grill or shucked fresh with a smile to boot.This is a usual stop for us. We're from Pittsburgh and the owner is a Steeler fan so we were instantly intrigued! The food is average, but if you try anything, make sure it's the charbroiled oysters. Cooked in a delicious butter garlic sauce, topped with Parmesan shavings and served with soft slices of French bread.We were nearby so we thought we would stop in to grab a bite to eat. They let us sit anywhere since it was not busy. We ordered and about 30 minutes went by. No one came in to check on us and we finally decided to leave. We had to find the lady who originally attended us and brought over our waters to let her know that we were leaving. And she asked if no one had brought our food, which is odd because she is the one who took our order. She should have been on top of it. Terrible service.Three and a half stars.  Enjoy this place for what it is. I thank The Blind Pelican for lovely fresh raw oysters, briny and glistening, for 25 cents each during a long happy hour (4-8 pm$).  Three bucks a dozen and really nice and plump!  One adult beverage per order--worked for us!  We got a dozen charbroiled oysters too, but they were a disappointment.  Overcooked, not much flavor other than heaps of Parmesan on top.  Nah.  Service was not great, but ok on a slow night.  But my glass of Sauvignon Blanc was chilled and delicious, my sweetheart enjoyed his margarita, and if the roast beef poboy with side salad was mediocre, well, I'm still not sorry we came.  Lovely night on St. Charles Avenue.Holy crap probably some of the worst customer service in all of Nola. Good po boys and strong drinks but the customer service is terrible. Sat down at the bar at 3:59 and placed an order for oysters, they didn't come until 4:40. Took another 10 minutes to close out my tab. Stay away unless you have plenty of time to kill.We were (still are) staying at The Avenue Plaza and after a long day of being out and about, the thought of walking to the French Quarter was out of the question. We decided to try something closer and we pleasantly surprised The Blind Pelican. 
We arrived during Happy Hour and had 1/2 off Oysters with the purchase a beer. We scored with a dozen Oysters for $7.50! They were just as good as any other place, maybe even better, they were topped with cheese slivers. The hubs ordered fried fish tacos and loved them. I ordered the Po Boy that had fried chicken with debris. By far the BEST Po Boy I've had in 5 days, while in NOLA. 
The atmosphere was fun. The outside dining area was beautiful. We are going back tonight!When they first opened they had a much better/creative kitchen staff.  Lately they've resorted to mediocre fair.  Won't kill ya, but why waste those precious calories here?The grilled oysters are the delicious!  @ about  $8.50 for.a dozen . The boiled shrimp were amazing too!!Along the St. Charles street car route, this homey paradise has an amazing happy hour where if you purchase an adult beverage you can get a dozen oysters for $3. The patio or balcony seating is better than the inside but to each is his own.Excellent place, food and vibe! Great choice of beers and nice happy hours for oysters! Wine is still to be improved. We sat outside on the patio and that was great! My gf had dome charcoal oysters for $10 and I had a dozen of raw ones for $3!!! Incredible! Nice service!Bartenders were great..... kitchen could not pull it together :-( 30 minutes to get a Caesar salad with four small oysters both tables next to me sent back their food. Bummer to have very off night.What a great place to spend a Sunday afternoon!
There are so many TVs for football, but I have to say that my favorite part about this place are the Happy Hour prices for oysters! I've never been one to like oysters, but their char-grilled oysters are perfect. $6 for a dozen of those!
Blind Pelican is definitely one place I have to hit up every time I am in New Orleans!Wholly underwhelmed by the charbroiled oysters.  We were excited to try them for the first time. They came out luke warm with the melted cheese(?) in shredded slices laying on cool oysters. They were 'okay' at best.
Decided on the 'Gourmet Grilled Cheese' sandwich and I've tasted better - everywhere - even the old bowling alley I used to frequent. The outdoor seating was a very nice atmosphere but the 'to be picked up tomorrow' garbage wafting through the air ruined an otherwise wonderful ambiance. With plenty of places to eat in 'The Big Easy', Samuels Blind Pelican won't be revisited. On a positive note, the locally brewed 'Purple Haze' beer was excellent.The crawfish here are brilliant. Arrive around 3 and you can watch the whole process in action from broth preparation to serving. Great smell from the cooking and a relaxed atmosphere. Highly recommended to anyone, surprised it didn't have a higher rating. Also has good local beers to round off an excellent experience.Terrible service. It has taken up to 30 minutes for them to acknowledge us before... Sometimes they never do and we just get drinks at the bar.
If they do finally take your order, just plan on it being wrong. If you correct them, plan for a bad attitude.
Really is a hit or miss here. If you get anything get fish tacos or the fried green tomatoes.If you like the Rolling Stones and the Doors, you'll like the vibe here. Stay away if you hate good classic rock, a relaxed atmosphere, a huge beer selection, and 25 cent huge delicious oysters. They are dog friendly (I saw one in the outside seating), so if you hate sweet adorable furry friends, also go away from here.The oysters here were awesome I had the raw and the chargrilled.   But most likely because we weren't drinking alcohol, the service was incredibly slow. Server tried to blame it on the kitchen being backed up but the people next to us who ordered after us got their food first-  like 30 minutes first.  Like, they were gone before our food arrived first.   The entres were not much to write home about,  and I'd pass on the truffle fries if I were you, oh gentle reader.   If you're here for drinks and oysters it's spot on. for anything else save the headache can go somewhere else.Can the service get any worse?
This is the last time I bring anyone to the Blind Pelican. I have been here 4 times and every time I hope it may have gotten better, but every time they surprise me with their negligence.
Today, after waiting an hour and a half for Truffle Fries (and the rest of our meals other than the oysters), I had enough and had to close out hungry.  The manager/bartender didn't even offer to cover something AND I had to wait 10 more minutes for the bill so I could do the right thing... All I was offered was sassiness, excuses, and begging for understanding that there was a after happy hour "rush." Ugh... terrible. No line and a couple extra tables is not a rush.
Here is a list of things that have left a bad taste in my mouth, so to speak.  I'll even add some ways to fix em.
1. Try to sober up while on your shift.  Please, put down the jager bomb and weed just while you're on the clock.  Maybe, if you do that, you can stop apologizing every 5 minutes for the same issues (sometimes even to the wrong people).  The host apologized to us for sitting us down late and tried to have us look over the list of people he's had since 1:45 as an excuse.  We weren't even remotely worried about the waiting time... It was the people that were telling you that they had been waiting over an hour and that you skipped over them and forgot that you said you'd sit them next... Sits us with menus. 2 minutes later he asked us if we have seen "Stephanie", assuming its the server, no we hadn't. 5 minutes after that, asks again, apologizes, and its not for about another 3 minutes that we even get greeted by the waitress. All the while a lot of little clumsy dropping menus and water...  Again, just keep the drugs at home and drink after your shift.  Fumbling a joke about my name wasn't really appealing either...
2. Be a pleasant waitress to earn your tips. We get greeted with "First, I need to see all your IDs." First off, we're all years over 21 and my brother and I weren't even drinking... You can skip me with the pushiness and the attitude.  You're lucky we've worked in the service and restaurant business so we left ya something. Also, check if the host gave us napkins and silverware.  We didn't get the napkins til we asked after eating the oysters.
3. Keep the space clean.  The view of the bucket of empty shells and left over food under the TV was unappetizing.... looked like a big bucket of Muffuletta.
4. Learn to shuck oysters... Pop'em, don't slide them.. Every oyster had small parts of shell in it. The worst.. They ruin the otherwise good oysters. We even paid full price after happy hour.
5. Create sections and table numbers.  Do they have table numbers?  Why do the food runners have to ask every table if they ordered this or that?  Really, it's common practice to have table numbers, so your food runners don't have to be embarrassed.  Oh and food runners... When my brothers in the restroom and I'm sitting with our girlfriends. Don't sit down as a joke and try to hit on them... It's not cute, it's not funny, it's just unprofessional.
6. Stay organized. When you bring back the check, make sure that all your money isn't in it.  Lucky that it was me cause there was a good $300+ in the book. I would never take it, but the attitude definitely makes me regret having morals.
7. The customer is always right.  Just fix it. Stop defending yourself. It just makes it worse. I am not at a restaurant to find faults or bitch about it. I want to just enjoy my time.
8. Don't complain about your customers and co-workers in the front of the restaurant.  I just heard way too much... Keep it together guys!
9.  Stop telling us that the kitchen is backed up and just get the cooks back in the kitchen. We can see them at the bar or arguing on the phone outside.
10. Owner, I advise you to clear house and start over with your staff. I don't even think a competent person would even want to work there.
I would recommend this spot for Bar Rescue or a restaurant alternative. I know we live in the Big Easy, but you guys gave me a migraine tonight.Really cool place. The oysters are awesome (I prefer on the half shell). I got the bbq burger and it rocked! Service was nice and food came out pretty fastDisappointed...I went with my boyfriend to check out the restaurant for the first time specifically to take advantage of the oyster happy hour. We got there at 7:15 and it ends at 8. There was a wait, which was fine, and we definitely weren't going to be seated in time to enjoy the cheap oysters. However, we did manage to get one seat at the bar. We figured we'd order a couple of drinks and oysters while we waited to be sat for our whole meal. Right when we were ordering with the bartender, the manager yelled at her that no oysters were to be served to people waiting for tables. Crazy to me because there were people to the left of me dining on oysters. And it's not like we could have our whole meal at the bar with one of us standing. We left because we were so annoyed and disgusted with the manager's decision. Terrible first impression. I don't like being punished for the restaurant having a wait when we came in enough time to make the happy hour.This place was ok. Slow during lunch and nothing crazy on the menu that I had to have. The beer selection was good, Lots of local beers which was great. I would only come here again if it was for happy hour.We were out exploring the Garden District and spotted this place which looked so cute. They have great dcor with lots of outdoor seating. We sat in the back outside under the porch.  It took a while for our waitress to take our drink and food orders and we were starving and thirsty from walking around all morning. They had a great list of draft beers all local!   They had a variety of items on their menu and what I liked is it wasn't all seafood.  I went with the turkey po boy with Swiss cheese. I did not realize it came with mayonnaise which was too overpowering. I also choose a side salad instead of fries. They were out of potato salad which is what I wanted as my side.  My date went with the fried shrimp  po boy with fries.  The bread was delicious. Our waitress had a sudden emergency and had to leave so we were given another waitress that already had a lot of other tables.  I was glad it was a nice day and happy to sit outside as we had to wait a while to pay the check.We went for the happy hour specials, $3.00 for raw oysters and $7.50 for chargrilled oysters with a purchase of an adult drink for every dozen. The oysters were pretty good for their prices. We also ordered soft shell crabs, nachos, guacamole, and an oyster poboy. The poboy wasn't bad. Soft shell was good except for the fishy smelling crab meat they sprinkled on top so we scraped that off. Guacamole didn't have any flavor. And the nachos... I was worried about the type of cheese they would use, and yes, I was right to worry. The nachos came out with the type of cheese they warm up in a crock pot at concession stands. The service was also pretty bad. My dad ordered a Dixi beer at first then another because he wanted another dozen oysters, so the server put in the order for those two items. We saw the beer come out and sit on the bar for a good 15 minutes and we didn't see our server anywhere in site. So when he passed again my dad just ordered another Dixi. That came out then the server found the draft beer on counter and tried to bring it out to us but we told him it's been sitting for a while and we didn't want it anymore. So in conclusion, good oysters for happy hour prices, bad service, worse food.My opinion on this restaurant is decidedly mixed.
The food was quite good.  I had a oyster poboy, simple, but the oysters were cooked perfectly and the batter was quite good.  The bread was also crusty without being stale.  Yum!  Better yet I found the potato salad to be delicious, I don't know, maybe it's just because I don't care for mustard and they used very little or none, but regardless I wanted to order a gallon of potato salad to go.
The service was quite bad though.  Sat down and waited for 15 minutes with no menus, no drinks, no waiter in sight.  Finally had to flag someone down and ask very nicely how to go about placing an order.  Okay.  Place the order, food arrives, waitress never checks back to see how anything is or offer any drink refills or bring the Tobasco sauce I desperately wanted.
Food 4 stars, service 1.5 stars.Oysters were not fresh I literally threw up they were not fresh and they were too big nice place to go drink but the hype on oysters are inaccurate they should be smaller and freshLate Night... Late Bites... 
Foods ordered: chargrilled oysters, grilled cheese, cheese fries, hot wings & a BLOODY MARY.
Wings- good
Grilled Cheese - ok
Cheese Fries - good; not price efficient.  Dollar Value to Cost ratio was off
Chargrilled Oysters - not good, at all, returned to the kitchen
Bloody Mary - oh so tasty
Service was fair.  It was a late night, so Ill chalk it up to folks being tired.  Redo? Possibly...
Love the ambiance of the outdoorsy-cafe feel & the wrap around porch is quite delightful.  Seems like a great place to watch sports games, as big screen TVs are EVERYWHERE.
Great location!!!!Happy hour is very happy here. It makes us very happy.  Our server , Sean, is attentive & funny.  He makes us happy too. Service was quick & oysters are fresh. Our bellies are full of yummy food & tasty beer. Try the catfish, the onion rings are homemade & excellent. We came from Toronto & this is first on our list.  We hope you enjoy it too, some time,Do not give this business your money. My husband and I went there for a late night bite and while the atmosphere and food is what you are looking for in New Orleans, the 'owner' is a terrible person. After sitting at the bar enjoying our drinks, he came out disgruntled and throwing things. After our meal, he came to 'apologize' while being still disrespectful and rude. We never approached his original behavior as being rude, but he felt the need to come talk to us and be disrespectful to us and the bartender. When we were trying to leave the situation he told me to "take my useless **** out of here" while yelling obscenities. As we were leaving we heard him yelling at the bartender and throwing things, we promptly called the police as we feared for her safety. If you have any moral bone in your body, do not give this business your money.The scowl on the hostess's face is pretty ridiculous. We probably should have turned away from that moment but we heard about this place from a Thrillist article so we decided to try it. Every server I saw working was a bitchy teenager who obviously did not want to be there. After being given a 25-30 minute wait time with many visible tables open we were then seated at a dirty table. (It should be noted that both my husband and myself have worked in the service industry, so we would understand if they were actually busy but everyone just seemed to be standing around doing nothing but gossiping) 
So after I cleaned my own table, our server greeted us (after audibly commenting to the hostess "are you fucking kidding me") and took our beverage order...they were out of the first 3 (three!!) beers I tried to order that were all listed on their current draft list. 
We finally got our happy hour oysters a good 40-45 minutes later, which were fine, but you can easily find better or just as good at much friendlier places. 
After paying the server didn't bring our credit card back with the receipt! She had to search the bar because she left it by the register.
All in all I say just skip this place, they have happy hour but so do most restaurants we found in New Orleans and they all have much better service than this place.We arrive around 8pm and are given a 30 minutes wait, that's acceptable after happy hour just coming to an end so I think nothing of it.  We get sat around 8:20 I'm even happier because we beat the wait time.  
However, as we get sat by the male host, he proceeds to warn us that the waitress is pretty busy and that she might take a minute to come to us...weird to start out a convo with a table that didn't say anything about the wait...but whatever, I shook it off.  10 mins goes by and waitress has made eye contact with our 4 top but still has not come over, or even said hi.  The male host comes back without us flagging him over and says "sorry she hasn't been over yet, the kitchen is really backed up so even if she did there would be a wait for food".....not sure who trained him, but unless he gets trained on how to communicate with customers then he should not be allowed in the FOH, let alone setting a tone for the restaurant by sitting customers.  Without even speaking to my waitress, I anticipated a horrible experience.
The waitress makes it over and apologizes nicely for the wait, doesn't make excuses for it so I appreciated that and gave her the benefit of the doubt.  She took our drink order (2 sangrias, fanta, and water), we gave her the appetizer order (chips & guac and truffle fries) AND our meal order (2 dozen raw oysters, blacked FOTD caesar, plain caesar and the fried chicken po boy).  
The drinks come out and the chips and guac follow shortly after.  This is great, I'm beginning to forgive the host experience.  20 mins goes by, the truffle fries are not out so we ask our waitress about that.  She apologizes and says "we've been really backed up in the kitchen, they will be out any second".  
10 mins later the 2 dozen raw oysters come out.  We ordered 2 more sangrias and proceeded to wait for the truffle fries, by that time assuming we would not get to try them but our food will come out so whatever.  
By 9:15, the waitress comes back over to take the empty oyster plates and asks "have you guys received any other food since the raw oysters?" I held my frustration in and said no ma'am we have not and still no truffle fries.  At this point, we asked for the check for the drinks and oysters. 
By 9:30 we had our bill and left. No fries, no salads, no po-boy.
 I work in the service industry.  I understand that problems surface in restaurants that are out of FOH staffs control.  I understand this so much that I always make excuses for experiences at other places and NEVER leave bad reviews because I understand what that means when a restaurant receives a bad review....  
Was the food ever rang up in the system? If it was, where is the chef making sure ticket times are accounted for in the kitchen?  Who was even running the kitchen? Where is the FOH manager or supervisor?  Did the waitress speak to the manager?  Why did no one come and talk to our table and apologize for our less than average experience?  Why was it acceptable for us to be handed the bill at 9:30 with more than half of our food never brought out or mentioned again after asking for the bill?   
I hope that reading these questions motivates someone to find the answers and prevents this from happening to future customers.  I won't be back to find out.Ate there last night with wife and the oysters were great as usual and had the the Duck sandwich with fries awesome. My wife had fried green tomato stack super delish! If you are from outta town happy hr 4-8 $3 doz oysters and the scenery is beautiful it's a must go! I'm a local take it from me!I love this place. You cannot beat the 25 cent oyster deal during happy hour- (although WARNING: they may sell out of the oysters before happy Hour ends at 8pm, so get here early if you want them and understand that they have a finite amount of oysters.) I tried their chargrilled oysters and was like "Woh! These are amazing!" Buttery goodness. I asked for more bread to dip in the extra butter because it was so good! The raw oysters were also excellent. I got the occasional small piece of shell in them, but other than that they were a great size and had lots of flavor! 
I also tried their oyster po-boy- wow that was tasty. The jambalaya was good too, although I wish there was more meat in it. I'm not a jambalaya expert though. 
All of the servers and bartenders here are super awesome. Every time I come here they greet me with a smile, even when they are crazy busy. I look forward to warmer weather when I can come back and sit outside. I'm just visiting NOLA but this will def be my regular spot when I am able to come back. One of the owners, Karen, is really sweet, and works hard too, to make sure that everyone is taken care of. She's not afraid to act as a server if her staff needs a little help when it gets busy. 
I highly recommend this place!Wow! The atmosphere was great. The wait was quite a bit during happy hour (4pm-8pm) but it was WORTH IT. We had at least 9 dozen oysters and 12 beers for our group of 6 for just under $100. 
We had read some reviews about how long it took to receive the oysters, so we were prepared to wait at least 1.5 hours for ours. Our oysters ended up coming out in 15 mins after ordering! Our server Caroline was a sweetheart, she was very fun and brought a good vibe to our table.
We also had the opportunity to meet the owner Steve! Boy, was he a character! He is a great man, he accidentally knocked over a beer at our table while trying to clean, and he replaced the beer as well as added 6 shots for our group. 
Our group had a blast at the blind pelican! The wait is fairly long, but the turn over rate for open tables is fast.From the second I walked into this place from the second I walked out was a complete nightmare. Waited 30 minutes while there was clearly tables (didn't come during happy hour)... the people next to us were complaining about waiting over an hour.  I'm still trying to figure out how the kitchen was backed up when it wasn't even busy (which was mentioned to us repeatedly).  The host made it perfectly clear he didn't want to be there, yeah he really flat out told us he couldn't wait to get out of there.  Our waitress didn't come over to us for at least 10 minutes.. the host told us she would probably be over in a few to take our drinks.. but that she wouldn't put our order in right away (oh okay...who says that to a customer?!) ... no silverware or napkins were given to us ether. 
It was four of us, we ordered two dozen oysters, chips and guacamole, fries, two salads, and a po boy.. The chips and guacamole came out right away.. and we got our oysters served fresh with pieces of shells inside.. every single one of them... including the one we had to ask our waitress for because we got 11 instead of 12. Its sad because the oysters were actually really good, just shucked horribly by someone who obviously wasn't trained. 
At one point of the night I seen the front of house staff doing shots.. maybe if they cared about the customers as much as they did about getting drunk this place would have actually gotten a good review.  
The ending of this horrifying dinner (if you even want to call it that) was that we asked for our check because our food took an hour and a half and STILL wasn't there (only got the oysters and chips at that point) 
I seen numerous other customers complaining so I knew it wasn't just us...the staff just always had a reason to how it wasn't their fault..... this place really needs a whole new staff because the actual place is nice and has so much potential.  Even with 25 cent oysters its not worth it, I rather pay the extra few cents elsewhere at least you wont get shells inside.
Definitely will not be back.This was my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Really cheap oysters during happy hour. Try the chargrilled oysters, they are excellent!Great joint for oysters either boiled or shucked and great boiled crawfish.  Fun sports bar!We waited 45 minutes for a table watching the hostess take frequent smoke breaks. The manager finally came over and had us seated. Waitress took drink order, took food order and delivered drinks. About 20 minutes later, the waitress and manager came over and told us that the cook was refusing anymore orders. Apparently the cook has the power to refuse orders and still be employed. She tried to charge us for drinks but we talked her out of it seeing as we waited so long only to be turned away. Will never return. Ever. Will make sure no one I know goes there.Rude bar staff. The Australian bartender did nothing but speak poorly of all of his co workers, gossip,  and slam the owner of the establishment. Said what a "drunken idiot" he was and how ignorant he was!!! He spoke loudly to a customer that no one knew what they were doung and hiw disorganized it was and how hes the only Professional!!
The food was good but the environment was very hostile.  Not sure about frequenting an establishment where the bartender shows such blatant disrespect for the owner !!! Did not enjoy myself at all!!PET FRIENDLY!!!! We went during happy hour on a Sunday and sat on the patio with our 2 year old mini aussie & service was great. I'd forgotten to ask before the waiter walked away to grab our drinks to ask for a bowl of water for our fur baby but, Tyler brought out her water also! The manager/owner (couldn't tell what his status was) also brought out some doggie treats for her when our meal arrived. Not sure if he has a pet also but I thought this was a really nice touch. Now we aren't a couple that brings our dog everywhere but, on a nice day we like to have the option to bring her along so it was great to find a place that doesn't just say they're pet friendly (I.e. They have an outdoor seating area where they won't bug you about your pet) but a place that actually IS pet friendly and welcoming! The only thing we found odd was that you have to order 1 adult beverage per every order of oysters in order to get the special. Now my boyfriend typically orders a beer or two with dinner but I am not a heavy drinker so it was a little upsetting that if I'd been dining alone or with another friend who didn't drink we couldn't enjoy the special. Understanding that it is a "happy hour" special, I guess it isn't too unreasonable.This place looked like a great place to grab a beer and some food and it was!!!  Waitress was not engaging at all but was efficient.  I think this was the first restaurant I got turned on to Crystal Hot Sauce. We will return to this restaurant and try more of their menu choices.  Liked it very much. Wish we had been able to sit outside but unfortunately mother nature was not being very nice that dayBest oysters in New Orleans.  Happy hour is incredible.  Oysters for $3 a dozen during happy hour.  Not only are the inexpensive but twice the size of those you get in the French Quarters.  Great place for watching sporting events also.  Friendly service and very nice atmosphere.Great place , great view , ice cold pbr draft . friendly staff. excellent oysters.The muffaletta is on point and the alligator hash is also very good. Cool spot for a ball gameFood never came , waited 40 mins, we only ate the oysters, they where small, I've tasted better out of a can!!!!Drinks are great. Atmosphere is perfect. Outside dining is superb. The inside is decent because they have all the doors open so its a semi indoor outdoor dining area. Oyster special is 4-7 highly recommended, i believe its daily special when in season. The punch and Margarita drinks were great. This place is the Rum House of St. Charles  ave. Charbroiled oysters were great, especially the butter juice. They should increase the bread portions or add crackers. Will return, great fir group or couple outing.It was so hot in here!!  
We came by one afternoon after our walking tour and was famished.  We had the opportunity to catch Happy Hour.  If you order an alcoholic beverage, you can get a good deal on oysters.  We ordered: 
NOLA blonde - $5.25
Raw oysters - 12 for $3 
Chargrilled oysters - 12 for $7 
Soft shell po boy 
Sweet potato fries
The NOLA blonde was a good compliment to the oysters.  The raw oysters were okay but I tasted a few that were grainy (perhaps sand?).  I understand they are oysters but they didn't taste as fresh as the other establishments that my friends and I went to.  The chargrilled oysters were awesome!  They are cooked w/butter and topped w/Parmesan cheese and served with bread.  I would ordered these again.  
The soft shell po boy was not good at all.  It was served on a big roll and it was just too oily and flavorless to me.  The sweet potato fries were under cooked but I was too hungry to send it back.  
Overall, the food was not that great, except the chargrilled oysters.  Plus, it was super hot in the restaurant and it had too many flies.  I couldn't enjoy eating my food in the heat while trying to keep the flies away.I need to find out if Jimmy, the bartender, has a fan club. He's so lovely and attentive. The oyster happy hour is what attracted me but it's the bar staff and customers that have me going back. The regulars are super friendly and engaging. Table service is inconsistent in terms of service levels and food delivery but never rude. I've recommended it to many visitors and love to meet or take friends there. Timing is important here as they are EXTREMELY popular during the Oyster Happy Hour and the shuckers can get backed up on the orders. This can lead to wait times that a hungry person may not appreciate. I like to get there early and focus on getting the order in and then relax.Great food, awesome 4-8 happy hour with the most reasonable oyster prices in NOLA. Great bar selection too!Ordered the Cochon de Lait.  If you like pulled pork sandwitches you will love this version.  Tender pork, tasty cole slaw, served on a  soft and buttery roll.  The side of gator hash was equally delicious.  Coming back for happy hour. They also have a large selection of local beer.I am so sad that Atlanta doesn't have a place like this. Happy Hour specials from 4-8. Get a dozen raw oysters for $3 a dozen or ($.25 each), what a CRAZY deal! Just beware that you HAVE to purchase an ADULT beverage with it so don't expect to stroll in here to just get a dozen oysters for $3. If you want the chargrilled ones, they're $10 a dozen (discounted from $20) which is still pretty good. I highly recommend if you come with friends to get there early since they're packed and share a dozen of the raw and a dozen of the chargrilled. What the hell, live a little.Great atmosphere was electric, the food came fast and the price was right. I will make this a staple on my personal list of places to go whenever I'm in town from this point on.ordered the duck sandwich and fries (12 is a little pricey, but sandwich was GREAT!). Fries are just ok.
if i went back i will still order the duck sandwich, it was REALLY goodI was lured in by their awesome happy hour special from 4-7 daily. 25 cent oysters! How can you go wrong? Also surprised by the dozen chargrilled oysters for $7.50. The oysters were shucked to order, unlike Luke which serves pre-shucked (and dry!) oysters. They were a little messy and gritty but hey, for 25 cents, I was still happy. I'd skip the chargrilled but for the price, it was a decent experiment.
Beer selection was very good, I had the Mechahopzilla and my husband had some Voodoo something or other. Service was a little spotty but it was happy hour during the holidays so that's understandable. I doubt I'd come back for more than oysters but that's a good enough incentive for meSo sad to see this service in NOLA. If the staff spent a fraction of the time they spend talking to each other on their tables this place would be okay. 
Oyster deal is good but oysters aren't very cold and the charbroiled ones are a sad display. 
Come on people! New Orleans has some of the best food and service in the country and these BARTENDERS didn't even ask if I wanted a drink. 
Sucks to see what a could be a good place go down the shitter. Don't waste your time or money.. There's plenty of other great spots.Some local friends brought us here for their oyster happy hour... I could've eaten for days!  We opted for the charbroiled oysters and we were not disappointed, so much that we kept ordering more, by the dozen.  Paired with a few beers on the porch, this was a perfect, lazy afternoon in NOLA.  The bill was a joke in terms of price.  Don't worry about hitting up the more well known establishments, such as Acme, this place will not disappoint!Went there last night.  Terrible service. It's Friday in Lent and you run out of oysters by 6:30? How ridiculous is that.  You advertised .25 cent oysters!  Did ya'll just get a dozen and it was first come first serve?  This is a great place for a good New Orleans seafood bar and restaurant but it probably won't make it. I think the lady who served us was the owner or owner's wife and she had never waited on a table in her life.  She kept blaming the kitchen and the POS system and whatever or whoever she could to console us, but it was obvious this place just doesn't have it together and probably won't for a long time, if ever.There's a reason this place has low ratings.....the customer service. The bartender was nice. But we arrived way before the happy hour and waited specifically for the oysters. He helped another customer before even putting our order in at the happy hour time. Then after that no one really talked to us. I walked by the oyster staging area and they had stacked orders ready to go out that were just sitting. We actually had to ask where out order was because it was taking so long. So yes, $3/doz for oysters is a good deal. But expect it to take forever. The bar tender mentioned how busy they get. Ha ha...didn't see it. The place hardly had people and they still couldn't get your order out in a decent fashion.Went here for the oyster happy hour. WOW, couldn't believe how fresh and good the oysters were, for 25 each! We got two dozen. Other than having to ask for more crackers (to eat one per oyster) everything was perfect. The drinks we had were good too. Then I had a fully dressed shrimp po boy that hit the spot. Boyfriend had a humongous turkey club and loved it. We watched a parade from our seats on the patio. It was a cold night but they had heaters so everybody was comfy. I'm sooo going back there next time I'm in town.I wish I could give this place 0 stars.  They are thieves, literally.  My bill was $55 with gratuity included, but my credit card was charges $85.  This could not have been a mistake as I signed for the $55 bill and left no tip, since it was an auto grat.  Someone, I'm guessing the server, went back and added a $30 tip for themselves on my card!  I'm waiting to hear from someone at the restaurant about refunding me, if I do not I will be disputing the charge with my credit card company.
On top of this, the wait is always insanely long, food is mediocre at best, the only redeeming quality about this place is the 25c oyster special, but even that is not great, the oysters are very gritty.Fantastic !!!  Tourists, please stay away. This is a quaint, neighborhood joint where everyone knows you're name and is a BLAST to hang out with the owners.  If you want a great friendly place to eat and drink go there!Great oyster happy hour! So glad I waited to experience this NOLA gem! Can't wait to return.Balcony deck on a bright, cool day is blissful. Bloody Mary was excellent. Pickled okra, green bean, olives made it the best ive ever had--disclaimer, I havent had many and it wasn't super strong. But so flavorful.I need to justify my 4 star rating before I go on. The service was good the food was good the price was good and the drinks were good you could argue great for some and I might not argue back. My problem was that I had to purchase a drink for every plate of raw or grilled oysters I wanted. I would have had more oysters had I not had to purchase another drink. I wanted to remember the experience!
So we started with orders of grilled and raw oysters and the grilled were fantastic I've found the raw oyster down here are good but the shuckers don't clean the oysters as well as the shuckers do on the East Coast. I've found so much grit that the oysters aren't enjoyable. That is the individual shuckers not the establishment. 
My buddy had an order of buffalo wings now we live just outside of Buffalo NY so we know wings and he said they were good. My buddy's wife had the Cobb salad and she said it was very good and she was full after eating the salad. My wife and I shared the crawfish boil and wow was it spicy and it was really good. There was more than enough for both of us with the sausage, corn, brussel sprouts, asparagus, onions, garlic potatoes and of course crawfish.
Our waitress was nice and friendly and she brought our food and drinks quickly. Nothing to complain about with her.
I would go back in a heartbeat and order more grilled oysters, I guess I would just have to pay full price.This is the best Oyster Happy Hour in New Orleans, hands down. These are their regular oysters on the half shell, but only 25cents each. That's $3 a dozen! They also have chargrilled oysters for 75cents each, or $9 a dozen. The oysters were served on ice and were big, plump, and so tasty.  The catch, but not a problem for us, was you are asked to order a drink with each dozen, but beer goes great with oysters! We actually ordered 3 dozen oysters and 2 beers, but the server didn't up charge for the 3rd dozen. We sat outside, and the weather was perfect. This was my first time here, although I've been to Nola many times, and got the heads up from our Uber driver. Surely this place is on my regular stop list when I visit again.Not organized, small, bad customer service! Waited a hour and a half for oysters and they finally told me that there were no more. Ordered crawfish quesadillas and hair was on it, the owner didn't apologize or anything. Beware because they really don't care.Fun place, good food, typical New Orleans servers/ service which some people find off-putting, but get over it and go with the flow.  As a native New Orleanian and current restaurant owner myself, I know the work involved and find The Pelican a fun place. Get a beer and a crawfish quesadilla, some oysters and watch the game on the tv's.We walked to Blind Pelican on a Tuesday night, but they were closed for remodeling g.  They opened on Thursday.  When we returned on Thursday they had limited food because their kitchen was still not open.  We didn't care because we were there for .25 raw oysters!  You must buy one adult beverage per dozen oyster order; and they are amazing!!  The service was very very good.Ok so I'm reading all of these bad reviews. The Blind Pelican is literally "standing room only" every time that I'm there. I don't have the time to sit here and explain to all of the "one star warriors" and wanna-be food critics how a restaurant works. You walk into a BAR with an hour and a half wait that is standing room only, and expect everyone, the servers, the bartenders and the cooks to drop what they are doing so they can prepare your $3.00 plate of 25 cent oysters. And then expect the manager/ farm-hand to come listen to you bitch for a half hour because the 23 guests that were there long before you even walked in the door got their plate before you? There is a Burger King right next door. Go eat there. I heard that's the only place in town that you can actually "have it your way"It was very busy but we got seated much quicker than expected. We were told by hostess char grilled oysters would take about 40 min. No problem, we wanted raw. Then the waitress said raw would take 40 minutes. We were still ok to wait and ordered 2 appetizers while waiting. My husband said he thought I was ordering oysters too and I thought he told waitress  we wanted 2 doz (happy hour special is 1 doz at $3/dz with ea adult beverage). I asked the waitress if she understood we wanted 2 dz. she replied back that it would take even longer, basically saying no to adding a 2nd dz to our order. We were in no hurry and would've each ordered another more beverages in the wait, but she really just indicated it would take too long. She did not want to add another dz to our order. So, we had our appetizers and waited a long time on the 1 dz raw oysters. The table next to us, seated about 40 min after us received 4 dz char grilled oysters in about 15 minutes. The waitress did explain & apologize that there was only 1 shucker but we were wondering if the char grilled oysters need to be shucked too? Anyway, The fried green tomato stack and crawfish quesadilla were awesome!! Served nice and hot and full of flavor. The waitress was nice but the whole conflicting communication from hostess & waitress re: wait time was aggravating and she should've let us decide if we wanted to wait even longer on the 2nd dz. we watched 3 tables get seated and leave before ordering too. I think it was a really short staffed night. I still say it was really good food because of the appetizers though!