Went to Three Muses our first night in New Orleans. The plates are tapas style, small and meant for sharing. Between the four of us we got the blue cheese stuffed dates, the crawfish egg rolls, steak and cake, lamb sliders, feta fries and fish tacos. Everything was really good,i could have done without the tacos, but the lamb sliders and the steak and cake were AMAZING. The goat cheese paired with the lamb was to die for. And the crab cake was the best I have ever had.Made reservation a over a week ago with request to be near band. On arrival they had no record of it. And we are stuck in the back next to the bathroom. 5 stars for cocktail,food, band and Atmosphere. 1 stars for utter lack of organization.  The woman who took it said she was new. Always call to confirm I guess. Completely disappointed esp since we've had such amazing experiences here in the past.  There open tables near front and were told they were for people with reservationsAnother gem on Frenchmen.  We made it in just in time to grab the corner tall table and enjoyed the piano player playing some nice tunes.
Order at the bar and they'll bring you the food.  What we had:
pork pot stickers - pretty good - $4 HH price
smoked hanger steak w/ chimichurri sauce on toastones - tasted much better than it looked - $4 HH price
lobster eggrolls w/ sweet chile lime sauce - $8 - didn't look promising but it was tasty
Hopitoulas - $4.5
UFO - $4.5
One of the owners/chefs is Korean, thus the Asian food.
HH everyday from 4-6:30pm, $4 tapas, $5 wines, $3 beers.
We will definitely return.What's all the fuss about?  Food is mediocre at best , service was marginal. You are allocated a table with a notice that you have 1. 1/2 hours st your table. Table crammed into a corner with a very obstructed view of the music. 
This place is highly  overrated.We had a reservation and were seated immediately upon arrival. The menu consists of small plates, so really nice for sampling a number of different items on the menu. We tried the sliders, fish tacos, fries and mac&cheese, all of which were pretty good. There was a lovely duo playing during our dinner and it was nice that we were able to enjoy the music and still have a conversation. 
A few tips if you have never been here before:
- Make sure you have a reservation or be subject to dine/stand at the bar.
- Even with a reservation, you are instructed to complete your dining within 90 minutes of being seated. Understandable. 
- Try everything!Perfect place to take visitors. The plates are small and pricey but flavorful. Drinks are pretty much $10 across the board. The live music/atmosphere make the outing worth the cost. Make reservations if possible!
Fun Fact: My husband and I met Bill Murray and Jon Favreau here.A lil cozy bar/restaurant on Frenchman Street.  Small plates, good music and service.Came here on a whim a few years ago.  Was hoping it was as good as I remembered.
I
Was
Not
Disappointed.
Everyone I brought with me was really impressed.  
Standouts include the pork belly and the fish tacos. Cocktail program is on point as well.  Go.  See for yourself.Op suggestie van yelp- hier geweest op onze eerste avond in NOLA tijdens onze roadtrip (dag3). It's the best place. Wachttijden kunnen oplopen, maar waar Nederland vaak faliekant in faalt, gaat hier geweldig: er wordt door t personeel vlijmscherp in de gaten gehouden wie er aan de beurt is, zelfs voor de krukken aan de bar. Bijna gingen er mensen die later waren gearriveerd dan wij er met onze lang verwachte krukken vandoor, maar de barman regelde dit op sublieme wijze. Het moraal van dit verhaal- je raakt hier niet geïrriteerd omdat andere mensen voor schnitzelen. Ondertussen word je getrakteerd op de lekkerste live muziek en hebben ze er heerlijke cocktails en prima wijnen. Eten was ondergeschikt deze avond, maar wat we hadden was bijzonder goed. Dikke aanrader- wellicht reserveren als je niet van eindeloos wachten houdt.Three Muses you are a gem and my favorite dinner spot in New Orleans. The wait was worth it, there's a reason why there's a wait, trust me. 
The service was excellent. The atmosphere is cozy and elegant. The live music was a great addition and really makes this place feel like home. The cheese plate and salads are great. Also don't skip out on dessert, I'd recommend the pana cotta! :) don't miss out on this wonderful restaurant in the heart of jazz alley.We stumbled upon Three Muses during our first few hours exploring Frenchmen Street. We put our names in for a table and had a long wait. But who cares! There's plenty to entertain you in the area while you wait. 
A late dinner at Three Muses was the perfect way to start our weekend in New Orleans: great food, local beers, wonderful live music, and friendly service. My group of four shared a bunch of tapas including: seared scallops, bacon wrapped dates, lamb sliders, swiss chard fritters (AMAZING), mac n' cheese, and feta fries. Almost everything we tried was great and we stayed for hours, listening to the music and ordering more tapas as the night went on. Definitely a gem on Frenchmen!A tour guide perfectly described the difference between Bourbon Street and Frenchman Street. Bourbon Street is for drunks, drag queens, and prostitutes. Frenchman Street is where the music is. I highly recommend Three Muses, which is a gastropub on the street. The food is incredible. The mac and cheese is amazing. The cheese it uses is great and the dish comes out sizzling hot. Once I started eating it, I could not stop till I finished it. I have the dish ranked as good as any mac and cheese I have tried. It is in a tie with Beechers (locations in New York and Seattle). The pork belly and "Banh mi" Gulf Fish Tacos are excellent. The lamb sliders and sweet potato gnocchi with Louisiana crab are very good too.
Of course, Three Muses also has live jazz performances. The music is fantastic. I arrived at the gastropub ten minutes before it opened so I could get a seat at the bar immediately. It was a Sunday night and it still got busy for dinner in a hurry.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.This was a fun place to visit for a light dinner and some great entertainment with the kiddies! We caught a band called Washboard Rodeo, and they played some fun bluegrassy-type western swing. We'd made a 7:30 reservation via Open Table and were seated immediately. It's a small place, so any table you get is a good one. This is one of the few places on Frenchman Street that seems okay for children: mine are 9 and 11 and very capable of behaving well in a gastropub setting. The menu has a great baked mac & cheese and the waitresses are warm and welcoming. I have to say, after sampling the fish tacos, I sorta wish that I had ordered the mac & cheese, too! The tacos were okay but small and pretty bland. The mac & cheese was plentiful and well-seasoned. But this place is all about the music and the drinks, and on these they won me over. Had a simple Stella Artois apple cider (despite the great drink selection) and hubby enjoyed his porter. If you make a reservation, they give you 90 minutes to dine, which to me was more than enough. The band starts at 7pm on a weeknight, taking a 15-minute break around 8pm, and our 7:30 reservation gave us plenty of time to enjoy the music. If you visit New Orleans with older kiddies, I'd say give this place a go.The ambiance and live music here is fantastic. The band was pleasant and not overbearingly loud.
However the whole "you have to be out in 1.5 hours" is a major turn off. I could understand if people were sitting around not ordering but if you're ordering food and drink that makes no sense.
The food was decent but nothing to write home about. The service however was terrible. Since everything is served tapas style the food comes out as it's ready. Unfortunately my tacos took so long that everyone was finished eating and I still didn't have my food. 
Then I saw the table next to me (which arrived 30 min after us) served not one but two taco plates. When I asked the server what's going on, she gave me a really bitchy attitude and acted as though she was talking to a child. She goes "yeah like I said the kitchen is backed up." To which I said yes but not enough She did take them off the bill but her attitude was so off putting and condescending I didn't even care at that point. 
The tacos still took another 15 min after that. 
Also they have 2 different websites with different menus which is confusing. I went there based on one menu and got something different. Annoying.Girls at front were awesome. Empty tables being held for later reservation. They said you have an hour take it!  Waitress was sweet. Food was OKAY. Tried lots of dishes with four of us. No home run. Music was fun though.Three Muses is a tapas bar unlike any other I've frequented. Gone is the pretentiousness that are normally associated with tapas restaurants I've visited. Instead there was a really nice, easy going, order from any of us cause it gets loud in here type vibe.
I wish i could remember what we ordered, but there were four of us and we ordered a bit of everything. The sweet potato gnocchi was so good we had to order another round. I also had a blueberry mojito that was divine.  The food came out fast and all of it was just incredible. 
We totally would have spent some serious cash if not for another engagement we had to get to. 
Oh, get there early, cause this place will get crowded quickly. it's that good.Had the best time at 3 muses! Made a reservation (highly recommended as this place is small and BUSY). When we got there, our table was almost ready so the hostess asked us to wait at the bar. We got a drink while we were waiting and the bartender happily transferred our tab to our table. They had a specialty house drink which my boyfriend and I both tried, it wasn't my taste but he loved it. There was a band playing that night, and our table was close by. The band was wonderful, played excellent jazz!
The food is served tapas style so it comes out as it's ready. We started with the fries, topped with feta cheese which were perfectly crispy and delicious. We got the bulgogi rice bowl which was flavorful but could have had a little more meat and vegetables to go with the rice. We were still hungry so we got an order of the mac & cheese and the bruschetta which were both phenomenal, I recommend getting each. After my house drink I had one of the beers, the fire ant, which was delicious. At the end of our meal the hostess came by to ask us if we minded moving to the sidebar table as they were behind on the reservations. It was a little offputting to be asked to move after spending $80 on a meal, but I understood and we happily moved. I read reviews that the servicehere was lacking and the bartenders were rude, but this was not our experience. The server was attentive, and the bartender was extremely friendly and helpful in ordering and was happy to transfer our tab for us. We will happily be back on our next visit to New Orleans!!I don't think I've eaten this much in a really long time.  I think we ate almost everything on the menu.  Literally.  There were only three of us.  Fortunately, the tables are close together so we made friends with our neighbors, and ended up sharing our bounty with them.  Ha.  
Most things were really good- we were starving though and waited over an hour to get seated.  The meat and cheese plate stands out.  I'm a sucker for cheese.  Other notable menu items are:  fried pickles (actually, they were amazing), french fries (sooo good), the lamb sliders weren't that good in my opinion, but the masses seem to like them (read in other reviews).  Something with mustard sauce, maybe egg rolls, or shrimp tempura were good- obviously, the condiment was the one that stood out to me.  That boolgogi bowl was really good too.  I think we had the mac and cheese too.  
So aside from this being a testimonial to me being a total cow- the main thing you should draw from this review is that, aside from the great music here, the food and drinks are good.  I think I stuck to wine because the cocktails were a little strange to me.  I'd go back.Great atmosphere and good music. This place is a hidden gem in NOLA and is away from the hustle and bustle of NOLA streets. We had the cheese platter and lamb sliders which were so good that we had to order another plate of lamb sliders.Specialty Sazerac. Specialty moonshine! Yucca fries. Brie, garlic cloves, onions, and bread. Butternut squash ravioli with mascarpone. Streak and (crab) cake. Scallops. Seriously, the scallops! Apple and goat cheese pie. Need I say more? Ok, I will: all were mind-blowing! Best meal of my life. And live music to boot! I had an amazing night here.Wow, great meal on Frenchmen Street... scallops, feta fries, pork belly, lamb burger, very nice.  A little more pricey of a dinner than your traditional New Orleans fare, but definitely worth the price.  
We had eight which is a few too many for this place, but we broke up into groups of five and three.  Great place to order a number of things and eat family style.
Enjoy!By now you've read what type of place this is.  It was just as fun and hip as others say.  Some of the food was excellent, some just good.  Nothing was disappointing.I fell in love with Three Muses after looking at Yelp reviews and the restaurant's website. I feel that the website led me to believe it was a more formal tablecloth kind of place and I was a bit surprised when I arrived.  I could care less about tablecloths, just a minor observation as a direct result of the website.
When we arrived 20 minutes early for our 6pm Tuesday evening reservation we were greeted by the hostess and immediately informed that no matter what, there is a very strict policy that we would only have the table for 1.5 hours and that if we wanted to enjoy the music after that, we would have to go to the bar. I completely understand why this is their policy, but early on a weeknight when the restaurant is more than half empty it is a bit rude to start with the policy. Plus, what if our meal had taken longer than 1.5 hours? Are you booted to the bar for dessert?
Anyway, onto the food...below is a list of the items we ordered any any commentary:
-Italian baked Mac & Cheese-I LOVE every kind of cheese possibly imaginable and I was so excited for this dish. When it arrived the pasta was a little too firm and the flavor was extremely bland.  My friends and I barely ate a quarter of the dish. I would never order that again.
-Seared Scallops-I didn't eat them but my friends thought they were scrumptious.
-Bacon wrapped blue cheese stuffed dates-these were incredible. For three of us we got the large order and though they were amazing, I kind of wish we got the small order only because they were so rich. A good kind of rich. I would order these again.
-Beer-Braised Kurobuta Pork Belly-I thought these were really bland, too. I wouldn't order them again.
-Steak & Cake-I only at the steak. I was told the crab cake was amazing and one of the best my friend ever had. The steak was awesome and so tender and flavorful.
-Ms. Moon's Bulgogi Rice Bowl-This item didn't seem to fit in as well with the other items on the menu but don't let it stop you. It was very very yummy and I would absolutely order it again if I went back. It was a hearty portion and the bowl was basically all but licked at the end to eat it all.
-Cardamon Panna Cotta (Ponchatoula Strawberry, Pistachio Biscotti)-I am not a huge panna cotta fan but my friend is and he loved it. I thought it was pretty good when I tried it but have no frame of reference with which to provide any more feedback. 
-Fluffernutter Pie (Bruleed Marshmallow, Salted Peanuts)-I was intrigued by this option and ordered it. I was underwhelmed and barely at any.
-Warm Chocolate Cream Cheese Brownie (Malted Vanilla Ice Cream, Cherry)-per our waitress' recommendation we substituted the vanilla ice cream for brandied butter pecan ice cream and boy was she right. This was AMAZING. I loved the ice cream the most out of all elements of the three desserts. The brownie was tasty though I am not a huge chocolate fan.
The live music was nice and the atmosphere was okay. I have a feeling later on a weekend it would be a lot more lively and fun (and packed).Phenomenal!
I was in NOLA for a conference and a local suggested this restaurant to me, so I checked it out with a co-worker on a Tuesday evening. The food and live music made for an incredible atmosphere. It would be a great date spot! I got the fish tacos and the crab cake/hangar steak, both of which were amazing. I would definitely make the effort to go back if I find myself in New Orleans again.Yes! So good. Whiskey cocktails are infinitely complex and well made. Also, I have a thing for Greek mythology so I dug the muse and persephone's downfall as two very creative cocktails.
We had an uncomfortable table right by the door and there is no table service but it did not matter; because the music was at just the right volume and tempo, the drinks were mind blowing, and all the food we ordered made us feel deeply happy.
Butternut squash ravioli. That is all.Food and music were both fabulous. Our large group ordered a wide variety of dishes and we were very happy with all of them.We rolled in here around 5:30 on a Friday night so were still able to get a table. It got crazy busy not much later, so if seating is important to you get here early. The bacon dates were delish, like crack maple syrup pancakes. Fried oysters and grits were our fave, paired with fried pickles for variety. Enjoyed the live music, friendly atmosphere. Would def recommend to New Orleans visitors!This place is magical. Anytime I'm in Nola I make reservations here. The food is always amazing. The pork belly always hits the spot. On a recent visit I tried the Bulgogi, and it didn't disappoint. Try any of their cocktails too. Lastly, the live music sets the mood. I love this place. Everything about it. Go, you will be so happy you did.I came here on vacation with my husband via Yelp reviews. This place lived up to the reviews.  Everything was delicious! We ordered the scallops, rice bowl with steak, Mac n cheese, lamb sliders, and cookies and ice cream for dessert.  The stand out for me though we're the mac n cheese and lamb sliders.  I'm a huge fan a mac n cheese and this has to be one of the best I've eaten.  Service was great. We didn't have a wait got there around 6pm on a Thursday. I would definitely recommend this as a place to eat in New Orleans.  Btw I'm stopping by again for mac n cheese to go before the end of my trip!I have traveled all over the country, and numerous places around the world...and this is one of the best places I've ever eaten. Creative and delicious dishes--not one mistake!  The seasonal bruschetta was the best bruschetta I've ever had.  So inventive!  Great drinks and great jazz music too.  Don't miss it!Great cocktails....music wonderful....small plates which was perfect.  We had the meat and cheese plate and the pork belly...both delicious.  The cocktail I had was the day's riff...bartenders improvisation.... deliciousKinda of a tourist trap. The setting is nice and the music was ok (although not really jazz). The food was good however really small and expensive. Paid for example $10 for a tiny salad (which had 3 leaves of lettuce and 2 radishes on the plate) or $14 for 2 scallops. On top of that after an hour and half there,  and in the middle of one of the band's songs, the door man came to tell us we had to leave because they needed the table for other customers. Nobody told us that when we made the reservation. 
We won't go back. No worth the money to me.It's a tight space and usually very crowded - you can often find 1-2 hour waits for tables on the weekend but the vibe is great, music is always pretty good, food is very good, and the cocktails are pretty amazing.  Don't go here expecting a traditional restaurant, basically it's a bar with live music that serves food (I guess it would technically be a Gastropub) but it's got a lot more local ambience than most other places in NOLA that also have food and music.  No matter who's playing it will be pretty good and you can enjoy a nice glass of wine or cocktail with your food and entertainment.  I don't think they charge a cover here most of the time, so remember to tip your entertainers - and servers of course!  :)What else is there to say about 3 Muses?  Creative, reasonably priced food by one of my local favorites, Chef Dan Esses; fun, laid back atmosphere, clean (not something often said about bars on Frenchmen); great music but not intrusive; really good cocktails and an eclectic , well priced wine list.  Definitely worth checking out!I would live here if I could.
Our first visit we got the lamb sliders, corn and crab fritters, feta fries, and empanadas for dessert. The bill with tip was around $38 I believe.
Our second visit we got the lamb sliders, corn and crab fritters, gnocchi, and cream cheese brownie for dessert. 
Yup, the lamb sliders and corn and crab fritters were so good that we went to Three Muses twice in our one week honeymoon and ordered the same items.
Great local music each time we went there. The first time was a jazz trio and the second time was singer songwriter Sarah Quintana.
Like I said, I would live here if I could.I dig Three Muses, because it's close to the touristy French Quarter, but is so totally, refreshingly Marigny.  It, like the Uptown Delachaise, which I also visited on my most recent trip to the Crescent City, is a gastropub/winebar with small plates and a decent selection of wine and draft beers.
Be advised that the plates are indeed quite small.  If you're starving, I'd say you could easily put away three of them yourself.  My friend and I had two each, plus dessert, and weren't super full when we left.  Seating is also limited and the seats by the door were absolutely freezing!  It was a warm evening in late November, but the doors were open and cold air was blowing on us.  Eventually we moved to the bar when two seats opened up there.
You order at the bar, which seems to somehow work better here than it did at Delachaise.  The food runner was sweet as pie!  There is an impressive vegetarian portion of the menu, of which we sampled the feta fries, falafel bites, housemade rigatoni, and miticana gratin, all of which were totally yum.  For dessert: chocolate heaven and banana-marscapon struedel.  I'm drooling over the memory of eating it.
The band playing was just freaking excellent.  I had a 9:00 Fringe Fest show to be at, so we missed most of their show, but what we saw / heard was super.
I'd definitely visit again, next trip down south.I love this bar and their food!  The music is always great too.  But I recommend going on a week night because it's overrun with tourists on Friday and Saturday.Cool spot. The band was awesome, the ambiance is fantastic, the service is good, the food is all right (a nice change from New Orleans's usual fare, but for example the bulgogi definitely were not as good as you would find in LA). A nice change of pace from rowdiness of Bourbon St.Ah... Three Muses.
What are the three muses you may ask? Well... if we weren't so lazy, I guess we could peruse the website to see what they were, but that actually seems like a lot of work. So, I'm just going to say that for me, the three muses represent good food, good music and good cocktails. 
Simple enough, right?
But really, how many places do you go to where you LOVE the food, but the cocktails are so-so? Or the have delicious cocktails, but the food is lacking in flavor or originality?
Well, this place gets it right!
Three owners, from three different backgrounds, work together to bring us one place where we can get it all.
I want to say that I've had different drinks here, but that would probably be a lie. The only drink I have here is the Blueberry Bellini... It is spectacular. If you like champagne and blueberries, then this is the drink for you. If not, I feel sorry for you. No one should go through life without a wonderous love of champagne.
Every now and again the chef will be inspired to add something new to the food menu, but the staples remain the same. My favorites are the  Lamb Sliders, the Lobster Eggrolls, the Feta Fries and the delicious Pork Belly. I've never had a bad dish here, but that Pork Belly is simply divine!
The music is one reason that I frequent this place so often. The shows are free, but they ask a 1 drink minimum per set. . I never have a problem with a 1 drink minumum. (Blueberry Bellini, of course). 
The music various from traditional jazz to blues to local singer/songwriter reviews. They do a really good job of booking talent and being that the venue is so intimate, you actually have a chance to talk to the musicians before, after and even inbetweent sets. (Don't forget to tip. And if you can, buy them a drink.)
The only problem I have with Three Muses is tt's a pretty small place. and  it can get pretty packed... especially for the 7pm music sets; leaving you without a table or a bar seat. So, I suggest getting there between 6 & 6:30 for a pretty much guaranteed seat.
The crowd varies. But it's always cool people, who enjoy good food, good music and good cocktails, so you will be in pleasant company.
Have a great time!can't wait to go back.  Tapas was the perfect way to go here.. because I wanted to try everything.  Loved the live music.We got to the place and there were no more available seats for the night. The hostess offered to text us and let us know if one of the reservations didn't show up. Luckily enough for us, they didn't show up! After waiting for about an hour, we got the table. The hostess was very friendly and helpful. 
The place serves tapas, so the three of us shared: 
Lamb sliders
Bleu cheese stuffed bacon wrapped dates
Pork belly on scallion pancakes
Steak and cake
Seared scallops
The food came out very quickly, and it was all delicious! The dates came first - good starter plate. They were a good combination of sweet and salty. The seared scallops were the perfect texture, and the sauce was tangy and rich. The pork belly was sweet and smokey - delicious! It was served on top of crispy scallion pancakes. The texture combination was good, but I found the pancake to be a little too much grease. Overall, still amazing! The lamb sliders were good, but nothing special. The steak and cake was great. The steak was rare and served atop a single crab cake, which was perfectly soft on the inside and crispy on the outside.
The overall atmosphere was lovely and relaxed. The live jazz was good and the place wasn't too loud.
Highly recommend!This restaurant is such an experience. Live pianist, selective but fantastic and untraditional menu. Bottled drinks only. Excluding water. The down side is they are booked up and somehow we squeezed in. Visit time per dinner is 1.5 hours tops. They are always slam packed, for good reason! The art is super cute and it's in the perfect location! So travelers: make a reservation ahead. They turned so many people down. You don't get in without a reservation. I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the price for the amount of food. It's about $30-40 per person. I didn't feel it was quite worth that, but I'm from Texas. Everything is bigger in Texas! Would highly recommend !In New Orleans, it would be shameful not to drown yourself in liters and liters of hurricanes and Abitas, but if you want a seriously inventive and well made craft cocktail head over to Three Muses. 
The Spaghetti Western was a marriage of the boy and I's perfect cocktail. It had Bulleit bourbon (for him) and the flavors of a campari soaked orange and rosemary syrup (for me). It was absolutely divine and the funny name only added to it's charm.
I was also a fan of the sweeter Muse with gin, housemade strawberry syrup and elderflower. Really, a more perfect cocktail could not be made.
The vibe of this establishment was great too. Everyone was super friendly and the jazz band that was playing really knew how to keep the crowd engaged. I'd seen a few other shows while in the area that week and the band that they had here was the most interactive and fun one I had seen so far.
The biggest plus was there was tons of tables and chairs for sitting! As a member of the would-be grandmas club, this was crucial to my enjoyment for the night. 
Hats off to Three Muses! 
PS: They stop serving food early which was a total disappointment because their menu is seriously tasty sounding!I had a wonderful evening there.
Nice, fresh and well prepared tapas, friendly staff, tasty drinks and amazing atmosphere.
Gulf fish Cevice: excellent. Fish well prepared. The blend  of the sweet mango with the herbs and fish really bring this cevice to life. Too bad that dish (and that's my only complain) was way over-salted.
Pork belly: cooked to perfection. delicate (not oily) and well seasoned.
Lamb sliders: perfect patty seasoning and great tomatoes puree.
but the best of all tapas was....
The shrimps tempura. bit sour, bit sweet, crunchy, perfectly cooked.it's a modern version of the tempura where the shrimps are not deep fried but the crush is actually spread over the shrimps. EXCELLENT.
Fries are fries.
The best of this place is the jazz band that was playing that night. Amazing skilled and talented musicians while you enjoy delicate food. Everything was perfect!
Note: you must book a table with operable otherwise you'll have 1 to 2 hours wait.Love!! We got there right at 5:00 as they were opening on New Years Eve and without  reservations, we grabbed seats at the bar. Heather was awesome! She made killer drinks and was a really good time! The food was excellent, the atmosphere was cozy and perfect and all of the staff were fantastic. We actually ended up coming back after the NYE fireworks to finish our night there! Definitely coming back next time we are in New Orleans!I had the lamb sliders, my wife had the duck pizza.  Both were amazing.  The duck pizza was light but filling.  
The lamb burgers had an exotic taste to me since I have not had lamb in years.  Music was good, but a bit loud for such a small venue. I will go back to this place again..So much to muse about the Three Muses! Located in the heart of the French Quarter, it's one of the few spots that boasts live music and full meals (not just bar food) and specialty cocktails.
They normally take reservations but we visited on Labor Day around 8 or 9 p.m. and didn't have a wait. I ordered their version of a margarita and it was delicious. It included jalapeno but it was understated and the heat didn't really factor that much. I ordered the bulgogi rice bowl and was so impressed when it came out. It's a hearty size and is so layered in flavor that every bite was a delight.
The waitstaff was a bit spotty but not anything too terrible to deal with and the live music that night was enjoyable. The band interacted with the crowd and even sang 'happy birthday' to the tables who were celebrating birthdays that night/weekend.
If you want a good meal while enjoying live music, definitely make a stop at Three Muses!This place is great, I really didn't want to love it bc I'm such a fan of green goddess. However, this sister restaurant is just a lovelyPrices are high but theres creative cocktails and trendy food. Lamb sliders were amazing and the feta fries were tasty although I do wish there were some sauce or another cheese on them.
I'll def be back.We had pork belly, bacon dates, fish taco and rice bowl. The pork belly is really good. I like it the most. The fish taco is a little bland to my taste. The music was pretty good when we went there. We sit at one of the high chairs on the side and we got great view without being too close to the band. It was perfect. We also had a brownie as dessert. But it is not very memorable.As with all other places on Frenchmen, the music was awesome. I enjoyed this place because it pretty hip feel too it. Nice art on the walls, cool furniture, dim lighting. We order the Banana Streudel with Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream and I really enjoyed the dish. The streudal was flaky, bananas were very sweet but the bitterness of the chocolate balanced it out. What really completed the taste was the cinnamon. It added the right touch of spice to complete the dish.
The ambiance and music was great. Dessert was delicious. The only downfall was their cheese... not so awesome.
Cheers!Here for a medical convention. HATE Bourbon Street. If I wanted another fraternity party, I'd go back to college. The three muses has GREAT:
1. Food- really great in a dive bar atmosphere. Yes, I've eaten at the best, the food here is superb!
2. Music- excellent local talent, loud enough, but you can talk.
3. Short wait- You can get in with only a little wait, but the bar has great drafts, so who cares?
4. Walkable from the convention center/downtown, safe neighborhood. 
Go go go! Try the seafood risotto, fried green tomatoes and crab... Just go! Trust me!!!It thought it would be hard to get a res on a Saturday night, I called ahead & Candice the hostess was amazing! She worked us in & every bit of food I put into my mouth was delish! -chopped salad, scallops, mac & cheeseWould you believe me if I said the best thing I've tasted on my visit to NOLA is from Three Muses?
OK hear me out.
I ask my tour guide where the best place is to chill, drink, and listen to some music around here. He suggests a handful of places on Frenchmen street, one of them being Three Muses. The yelp reviews intrigued me when I read the place is co owned by a person who is half Korean. Then I see some pictures that seem like fusion food. Interesting...
Despite my tour guide's suggestion of arriving their early in the evening to get a seat, my BF and I slack and get there around 10. Place is packed and I'm scared we can't try the food anymore. Thankfully, we can order food at the bar and MORE thankfully, someone gets up to let us sit down.
MY god, the Kurobuta Pork Belly was sooo delicious! I highly recommend this item as it was the best thing out of everything we ordered. The Pork Belly is cooked ever so soft, and the flaky pastry thing it was resting on was so savory. And the sauce and scallions...MMmmmM. Lamb sliders were also great and so were the fries, and the drink selection was also amazing.
So what's not to like about a place where you can get awesome food, drink some tasty beer, and listen to really really good music? Try this place now!Had dinner last night with 3 friends. The food was amazing! Everything we ordered (max n cheese, fish tacos, steak n cake, rice bowl and some other items) was delicious! The music was amazing, the service was great (our waiter was Alex- he was awesome). Awesome experience all the way around!I liked Three Muses a lot more than I thought I would. It's definitely a small plates place - don't go there thinking you're going to order an entree. 
Definitely make a reservation - they are strict about tables. You get an hour and a half, or at least we did for two people. But we didn't feel rushed, although the hostess will tell you when your time is up.
Went with a girl friend and we ordered the Italian baked Mac & Cheese, Falafel Crusted Fresh Mozzarella, Tempura Shrimp, Steak & Cake, and the Cream Cheese Brownie.
The Mac & Cheese was pretty good, not my favorite dish. Loved the Falafel Crusted Mozzarella - unique dish and tasty! Tempura shrimp were my favorite, so fresh and delicious. The sauce is really great. The Steak & Cake was good - the beef was the star and the crab cake was so, so. I thought it was a little mushy. 
Kind of wish they had a better dessert menu that matched their creative plates. I don't think a cookie or a brownie go with the other dishes they serve and excel at. 
Really cool atmosphere and good location. Very small but the music was just right!
FYI: My friend ordered a Sprite - was given a small glass bottle and it was $3. Really the only disappointment.
Talked to another couple there who was thinking of returning the next time to order the dishes  we ordered!This was quite a surprise. We will never ever step a foot into this establishment. Hostess was so rude. She made us feel like peasants. She was a blond not very attractive woman on June 22, 2016 at 8:45pm. My husband leaned his ear towards the door to hear the music that was playing. She was blocking it completely and he gently put his fingertips on her shoulder, very unobtrusive, she turned and said "sir, don't touch me!" With a look to go with it, that said this man is touching me inappropriately. She made us feel awful. We will never go in this establishment. We have been here three times and never encountered any treatment quite like this.  I hope the owners take this review seriously, because we frequent this area often as does our extensive family, not only will we never visit this establishment but we will also urge our friends and family to walk past the doors of the " Three Muses".Pretty cool joint.
A little tight, but the music was on, and 15-year old looking kid blastin sax that night was ON.
Recommended.This was by far one of my favorite places on my recent trip to New Orleans.  Our sweet bartender at dba overheard that I was a vegetarian and suggested my friend and I try it out.  The atmosphere is quaint, cute, and comfortable. It helped that we stopped by on a local artists showcase night.  I'll tell you, I never expected the best country voice I've heard live to come out of a scruffy looking hipster!  Service was very slow as it seemed they were running with two bartenders and no servers, but luckily the atmosphere and being on vacation cured any impatience I had.  
As far as food goes, our ceviche was delicious.  We also ordered the butternut ravioli with brown butter... which was lacking.  I didn't expect the ravioli to be sitting in an entire inch bath of brown butter and would have much preferred a light brush of it.  Overall though, I really enjoyed the selection and the tapas style dishes because who doesn't like sharing?
Frenchman was definitely my favorite area of Nola and Three Muses is a running contender for number one on that block.The food, the drinks, the music. Make a reservation now and you won't regret it. Bonus points for a knowledgeable wait staff who make excellent drink suggestions. I love the vibe of this place.We saw a fantastic jazz quartet while in New Orleans here, and the blueberry martini...yum!  You MUST go to Frenchmen's Street to listen to music, most of the bars there have live music every night.my friend and I had reservations and were seated in the last seat on a busy Wednesday night. There was a great 5 piece band playing and it didn't overwhelm the acoustics. The main problem was service...we sat there for 15 minutes as server after server passed us by with no eye contact, and when the server finally came to us our closely seated neighbor bogarted him and out in a drink order and some more food before we could even order a cocktail. You would think that he would have turned and taken our order but it want another ten minutes until he returned and I had given up and gone for cocktails already...which I was happy I did because the bartender out on quite a show of talent in preparing the drinks! The tapas were good, especially the noodles. Eclectic menu, excellent drinks-just don't forget to pack your patience:)Oh Hell to the yes. Ma Moons Bulgogi Fice Bowl, with duck egg ! Korean food in New Orleans !!!!!!!!
Tempura Shrimp. And Butternut Squash Ravioli. All flippin' amazing. Good music.
Lickety split service, ate at the bar, surpassed the 1 1/2 hr wait for a table .
I freaking love this placeOpen table allowed me to make a reservation for 9:30pm. I get there and  the band says, we have 3 more songs and then we're off. My 4 person party and I don't get seated until 9:45pm, at which point  the waiter says the kitchen closes at 10pm AND we're out of about 5 things on the menu. 
Why let anyone make a reservation that late, IF  we are going to have to wait to be seated and not have time to listen to the band AND not have time to enjoy the food OR order anything else!! 
NOT a good New Orlean experience!Thank you Yelpers for helping us find such a gem of a spot! Three Muses feels like a little private nightclub right on very busy Frenchman Street! There is a small stage and we heard two wonderfully talented quartets during the 3+ hours we spent there.
The menu consists of a good variety of delicious tapas & the portions were good too! My date & I shared the cauliflower bruschetta, tempura shrimp, a pasta with duck confit & a couple other things.. All very, very tasty!! Wine list is Outstanding & believe me I am picky!!! Servers & hostess were very friendly & welcoming! Can't wait to go back!Love this place!  Only place to sit is the Bar where you are over the chatter of dining patrons and you get to watch the performers and artisans at the Bar.  They use fresh juices daily and create amazing concoctions.  Am trying the lambs sliders based on other reviews.Found this place Yelp and tried it out. Awesome atmosphere. Small plate dishes which was perfect. Local entertainment which was the best, 4 person group, lead was a woman who played the alto sax, clarinet, piano and ice bucket and also sang. Great place, get there early or make a reservation.I'm not sure why the negative reviews for this restaurant. It's very good. Nice selections on the menu. Everything we tried was good. They don't give their food away, but you get what you pay for and in my opinion it was well worth the price. During our one week stay in New Orleans, this ranked well above mid-range. Plus it's located right in the heart of the live jazz district of Frenchman. Eat a nice meal and listen to some awesome music just down the street. How cool is that?Adorable restaurant! Cozy atmosphere (quite small but that's another reason I loved it) and the band was amazingly talented. I got the Bulgogi rice bowl with fried egg on top and friends got the lamb sliders and fish tacos....So delicious! Favorite cocktails are the Earl Grey and the Minor Swing margaritaAfter being at Three Muses twice, I can confidently say they're inconsistent.  First time was one of the best meals I've had in a while, but the second was the most disappointing meal I've had in New Orleans.  
To start, getting a table for 5 on a Saturday at 8:30PM was pretty miserable.  We were told to "check back every 10 minutes" for a starting 45 minute wait.  After 45 minutes, we were told to "check back every 5 minutes."  Really?  Fine, food was awesome, we'll play your game (the live music venue beside them is awesome).  
We finally were seated, and ordered food.  It wasn't all bad, but it was definitely inconsistent and average at best.  Smoked salmon ravioli was completely saturated with dill, to the point of being one-note.  The gnocchetti sounded great on paper, but they forgot to put the panchetta, rendering the plate completely flavorless due to the lack of salt.  The duck in the duck pasta was completely overcooked to the point of nearly duck jerky.  The devils on horseback were soggy and overdone.  
A few standouts though were the sliders and the deviled eggs, and the cocktails were delicious.  Maybe their chef was in the weeds or they had the B-squad in on a saturday night.  Either way, unfortunately I won't be going back after this one.  a 5* and a 2* experience don't lend me to trying for the "3rd time's a charm" experience.  sigh.Had steak and (crab) cake.  Ambiance and music was excellent.  Service was a little slow.  Pricing was reasonable.Met Jennifer E and her hubby here for dinner.  The place is small.  There were five us is and we sat at a table for four.  The restaurant has a bar, stage for the band, and different size tables and chairs.  The food was tapas style servings.  
I ordered the beef, kimchi, rice bowl and small order of tempura shrimp.  Others at the table had : lamb sliders, pork belly, scallops, and fish tacos.  We also had an assorted cheese & meat plate to start.  For desert we had a brownie with ice cream and a marshmallow pie.  Everything I tasted was really, really good.  The band we saw was great.This was our last--and favorite--stop in New Orleans. Part of that was the band (Loose Marbles), but the bar itself was great too. 
The food was terrific. Try the lamb sliders; they were out-of-this-world good. The eggplant bruschetta was great. To my taste, the mac and cheese was just "good," but in fairness to that dish, I had it only after the two other fantastic dishes, so my expectations may have been unreasonable.
The beer and cocktail selections were excellent, and the server was very helpful and attentive.We arrived just in time before the place became packed.  It was Friday night and we wanted drinks, music, and maybe a bite to eat.  We sat at the bar and ordered the specialty cocktails.  Bf got the dirty martini and I got the rum/ginger beer concoction.  Both were tasty.  sweet vibe. happy ppl, cool band and the food looked and smelled amazing although we didn't eat. it was a sweet night out for a couple of yankees.My experience? Good...okay. It needed some flavoring. Too expensive for the size. 
The attitude? Horrible. We got there precisely at 5 pm. There was a "young man" who took the seat at the door to let us in at 5:05. That said, we were the first ones in there. They asked if we had reservations. Since we didn't they told us to sit at the bar. Mind you the whole time we wed there maybe 5 tables got seated. 
The red headed bartender had an attitude that should never have been in the service industry. She and the dude at the door blinded me to anything possible. She was snarky, show off, condescending and just plain old rude. She pranced around behind the bar like she knew everything. Yes, thus 30 something ruined my experience. 
If food is so so then the whole experience can be changed by the attitude of the staff. I guess I don't get the whole "hipster" thing. 
I'm not sure why it got all the fives. My experience echoed the other twos and threes.These were the best cocktails we had in all of our stay in NOLA, hands down - and the pork belly dish is absolutely to die for.My dining companion and I ended up at Three Muses by complete accident. We've made it our mission to eat at some of the more "acclaimed" restaurants throughout the city, and after trying to get into Adolfo's and failing miserably, we walked down the street to Three Muses.
It was unusually busy for a Saturday night. It was nearly nine and every place was packed. We walked up to the door and explained to Candice, the nice woman working the door, that we didn't have reservations and that we had just been turned away from our "Plan A". She was completely understanding, and told us that they were fully booked, but she would see what she could do. Well, Candice totally came through and she lead us to a small but perfect table right in the front.
Looking over the menu, I was pretty excited. Three Muses is a "small plates" place, so that means sharing. I'm usually not a huge "hey let's share" kind of person, when it comes to food that isn't sushi, but I could get into this.
We decided on the lamb sliders, the fries topped with feta, the shells and cheese that comes topped with bacon and the steak and cake, which is a sliced steak on top of crab cake.
All of the food was amazing. I think that my favorite had to be the shells and cheese. I found the Three Muses version to be a nice twist on a childhood classic and the bacon was a nice touch. My second favorite was the lamb sliders that had a lot of flavor and of which I could have definitely eaten another order.
There was live music playing while we ate, and while I thought that the band was a little loud for the small space, I found that it was a nice touch.
I had a great time here and I will definitely be dining at Three Muses again.One of our best nights started out here! Make sure to grab a reservation! It's a great place for small plates, good drinks and great music in an intimate setting.Awesome all the way around!
You expect a great atmosphere when you're on Frenchmen street, but Three Muses has a really cozy feel to it that just makes you want to come in and stay forever.  We had a great band when we were there and were able to grab a table right by the bar so all we had to do to place an order is turn around and say what we wanted - that made the experience even better (otherwise you would have to walk up to the bar to place your order).
The food is simply outstanding.  We had:
Steak and Cake - Nicely cooked slices of steak coupled with a PERFECTLY prepared crab cake (just enough crisp on the outside).
Pork Belly - Excellent.  Served on little pancakes with some apple slices.  Just a great dish.
Feta Fries - A must have.  Good fries, lots of feta, seriously you can't go wrong with this one.
We loved everything we ate here, and ran out of time before we could order desserts, I'm sure those would've been awesome as well.  The drinks here are nicely prepared as well and fairly creative as far as the combinations.
Just a great, great place.  Absolutely LOVED it.If I lived in Nola, this is where I'd want to hang out with friends. Cool easy going vibe, table seating and some great music. A fun 40s style trio the other night. One bartender was really lacking, all around bitchy, but maybe just a bad day. Would still go back since it's such a nice easy going vibe when Frenchmen is getting a little crazy outside.Great vibe, great drinks. Try the Only Child, a fancy take on a rum sour. Menu looked good but I didn't eat. Wish I did though...This was the first meal on the first day of our visit to NOLA. We were prepared for a long wait but they had a table for us on a Friday evening as soon as our party of four got there! 
Took us a few minutes to figure out the system - order drinks and food at the bar, carry your drinks to the table, wait for the food to come out as it gets done. The Sazerac and Hurricane were obligatory on our first night. Didn't disappoint. 
The food. The menu is not too big, its all small plates with some good vegetarian, fish and meat selections. 
Falafel sliders were amazing. As were the lamb sliders. The Meyer lemon was not detectable in the Cesar salad but it was excellent. Grilled shrimp on polenta was very good with a dark sauce. 
Dessert - hazelnut cake with Nutella ice cream - was very dry and not on par with the food quality. 
The Royal Roses were playing that evening - couldn't have planned a better way to start off our NOLA visit.Wonderful place! Great music, great food and great drinks. Lamb sliders and feta fries were out of this world. Bar tender also knew how to make an Old Fashioned the right way... Definite must visit in NOLA.This place I must say was probably in my top 10 dining experiences ever !!  If you're reading this review do yourself a favor make reservations to visit this  restaurant.  They have a little jazz band set up in the corner by the front door.  Music was Very nice,the customer service was exceptional and the food was amazing !We were told to avoid Bourbon Street and check out Frenchmen Street for dinner, drinks, and music. (Great advice, by the way.) Three Muses had great reviews and now we know why! I'll add to them:
Friendly, knowledgable servers, tasty drinks, and well-crafted tapas. Between two of us, we shared the tempura shrimp, steak and (crab) cake, bruschetta, and bacon-wrapped dates. (Four is plenty for two people!) All were delicious. For drinks, by husband enjoyed a local red ale and I tried their champagne supernova cocktail. Yummy!
The kicker? Incredible live jazz music. We called ahead to make a reservation and they had a table right up front waiting for us! A great experience. I highly recommend this spot.We decided to make the Three Muses our destination for live music in New Orleans.  
Great food, amazing cocktails and killer music all in one place?  Don't mind if I do!
We got there early to pick out a good table, and then once the kitchen opened at five we set out to eat as many of their small plates as possible.  It was also quite fortuitous that the Three Muses served plenty of vegetarian fare, as my sis was getting a little sad at hearing, "yeah, I guess we could give you some rice and steam some veggies to go with it."  Poor girl - New Orleans is not the best place for a vegetarian!
So what did we try?  
- the butternut squash ravioli:  killer brown butter, three delish pillows of perfection
- the mac and cheese with brussel sprouts:  gotta be healthy if you have veggies, no?
- steak and cake:  yay bearnaise with a tender chunk of hangar steak!
- the duck confit and goat cheese flatbread:  mmm - and some balsamic to give it tang
- the fried pickles:  little vinegary slices of heaven dipped in ranch - start with these!
- the feta fries:  delish, garnished with fresh herbs
(and there were probably more, but I was having a few cocktails, too...)
Loved the Muse and the Pimm's cup...nothing went to waste!  And some people didn't like having to order at the bar, but it was pretty convenient until the place started filling up.We really enjoyed our meal here. Inside staff was great and attentive. Young gentleman doing hostess at door could use some additional training on customer service and friendliness. He lacked both. 
Mac and cheese was to die for!absolutely mouthwatering. The Pork belly was ok, would prefer a bit more crunch/crispness. Crab Gnochi was good as well, although a bit cold when it arrived.  Aurora Nealand was performing with her band royal roses, they were outstanding!(I never yelp, I downloaded the App just because of my experience here). Truly atrocious service. From being rudely told to wait outside in the rain for our reserved table - which was set, they just didn't want to seat us - to the server rolling his eyes and scoffing when he wrongly gave one of our party fries with cheese despite her allergy. They also complained about the tip we gave, not actually interested or apologetic for our experience. There's so many good places to around with excellent service - steer clear of Three MusesSo....went here again last night! I'm such a pig. There was real laid back band playing which was pretty damn good.  I had the duck pizza with a fried egg on top....lord help me to kick this 3 muses habit.I don't review places often, as you can see, but I couldn't skip this one. Here's the deal: food is fabulous. Drinks delicious. Live music is excellent. If you go I highly recommend the pork belly and the lamb sliders. Our service was horrendous, hence the three stars. It's kind of like a tapas place in that you get a bunch of plates to share amongst your table. We were sitting there for 45 minutes without food that had been ordered. Eventually I had to inquire about the issue. Server came back and said that the order "never got put in" without taking any ownership of the mistake or apologizing. I was certain some consideration would have been taken when the bill came, but it was 100% full price. When the server gave us the bill her comment was "at least you had some romantic time together between courses." Awful way to close the night considering there are plenty of ways to spend time in New Orleans that are more romantic than sitting in a restaurant waiting on food and feeling like you've been forgotten. I'd say go, but stay on top of the service.They have a very creative drink selection and the food was wonderful. Wait staff was friendly and attentive. Tapas portions were great as well. I would definitely frequent this place again, but I would be careful to check which band was performing while I was there. The singer Debbie Davis begged for tips after every single song, and it seemed incredibly distasteful (and I'm usually all for tipping the band). She made us feel pretty uncomfortable and annoyed to the point where we would have left if we weren't there to eat.Outstanding!  Music was great and everything we tried was delicious!
We loved the kale bruschetta, steak & crab, fish tacos and the shrimp.  Our server helped us determine portions for two people and these four items had us sated but not stuffed.  A great time.We ate here for dinner and waited a brief ten minutes to get seated. We were sat at the two person table next to the pole at the front door. Was not a great seat but not a problem. Service took 15 minutes to come take our drink order and another ten to place the AP order. Only problem with that is when seated we were told we have an hour and a half to eat and leave so other's could come in and eat and watch the band. Seems strange because if I want to spend the same money they would make on turning the table 3-4 times why should we have to leave. Nonetheless the drinks were good as was the band. The food was okay, nothing great. Our falafel was very good as was the ice box lemon pie. The crab cake was flat and mushy and the meat slices were too raw and a bit chewy. I would try this a second time but the hurry and leave the table was a huge turn off.Food was good!  Music was good.  All in all a good experience.  It was a little strange that as we sat down we were told we had a 1.5 hr time limit but I meant I understand why.  I recommend the tempura shrimp and lamb sliders!This is a cool New Orleans bar and restaurant.  Want to experience the big easy like it's meant to be then go here for supper.  Get there between 5 and 6pm if you don't want to hang around outside and wait.  It's pretty small and get's packed quick.  It's a part self serve type place, you go to the bar to order your food and they bring it to your table.  Live music was great.  Hostess was efficient but appropriately aloof.  Prices are very affordable.  The butternut squash ravioli was sweet and sumptuous.  Also recommend the steak and cake (its a crab cake).  While you don't get true table service they do take good care of you.  We ordered a custom drink that we wanted "sweeter".  They were accommodating and even came back by the table later to see if we like it and offered to make another one if we didn't.  But, it was perfect so no need to remake them.  When we left there was a street band playing outside and it's just a few blocks from the river streetcar line.Great atmosphere. Very chill tapas place with intimate live music. The drinks were well balanced though I think they cheaped out on the tequila in their margarita. 
Duck Crostini was so good that we ordered a second portion when we were done. Kale salad was decent, pork belly was not too good. Saw another table send back gumbo...
Surprising amount of negative in this review, but it was a solid experience.It's unacceptable to wait 2h30 to have a table, the welcome waitress said 45min at the beginning and then nothing, everything is closed after 10pm so we had to wait... the worst place to end our vacations in New Orleans !Cute small place, but filled with a lot of charm and a great staff.  Had the steak and crabcake dish...talk about yummy.  Came in between sets, so didn't hear too much music.excellent food and music.  super fun and friendly waitress and hostess.  Great night!I'll keep this short:  You'll be happy you ate at Three Muses.  The six plates we ordered were all delicious.  Relaxed scene, with a great jazz trio, good service, and reasonable prices.First off, the restaurant is located in a great part of New Orleans!  The inside of the restaurant had a great atmosphere where two men were playing live music and it felt very "local".  The food consists of small "plates" so for 2 people we ordered 3 plates and that was plenty for us, plus a cocktail.  We ordered the pork belly, macaroni and cheese, and bulgogi rice bowl.  All 3 were delicious!  The pork belly was amazing - fatty but crisp that you could eat it, the mac and cheese was gooey (not my favorite of the three but was definitely very good) and the bulgogi bowl came with kimchi which was a nice touch because you can't usually get good korean food unless you go to an asian restaurant.  Would absolutely go back!The drinks were cool and fun. The food was great. The service was a little slow though. One of the things we ordered was the creole pot. The waitress said stuff was meant to be shared. The creole pot was delicious, but soupy, and they only brought us the be spoon. It took a while to get more spoons. Other than that, it was good and I'd definitely go again!Our Uber driver suggested that we go to Frenchman Street for the NOLA musical experience, if we wanted to avoid the craziness of Bourbon Street. We're so glad we heeded his advice. We had a very nice, tasty dinner at Three Muses, and enjoyed a great combo providing fun, lively music. We had a great time at this restaurant, and would definitely recommend it.On my first night in New Orleans, walking down Bourbon Street to Three Muses was definitely worth it. Passing through all the crazy costumes, booze and naked chicks made the trendy, unassuming, blues filled restaurant/bar that much more welcoming. I went there because of the good reviews, and ordered based on what others in Yelp had reported. I was not disappointed. The Mac&Cheese with brussel sprouts was amazing. The "Dirty Dan" martini was delicious. 2 martinis, entree and Mexican Chocolate ice cream cost me $30!  WHAT!? That's super cheap for this DC girl. I spent the evening chatting with a local, retired gentleman who had entertaining stories and great food/music recommendations. 
I was there alone, which worked to my advantage: I got a seat at the bar while groups waited close to an hour for a table. This was at 7pm on a Sat in Oct. The only negative was that I spent 10 minutes sitting at the bar without anyone behind the bar making eye contact with me. Finally, a bar tender washing glasses happened to look up and I placed an order with him. That didn't make me feel welcome, but I got my drinks and food very quickly. 
Live Jazz/blues was fantastic! Go to Three Muses if you can. They are very busy, so don't expect great service.Wow! This place was amazing. This is a total package kind of place. Great drinks, food and music.  They sell local brews and the 40 arpent brewing co Milk Stout was yummy. The specialty margarita was as well. We shared eggplant bruschetta, scallops and the most amazing "steak and cake" which is medium rare steak over crab cake! Holy cow amazing! The live jazz band made the visit complete. Make a reservation if you can.I visited NO for a weekend and was told to go to Frenchman St.  This was my favorite spot of the three I visited.  It wasn't too crowded (it wasn't empty either, but I wasn't constantly being bumped by people).  
The music was really good (I don't know if it's a house band or if I just came on a good night) and the bartenders were attentive.
If you're visiting NO and want a break from Bourbon St. Frenchman St. is REALLY fun.My wife and I stopped by the past Sunday (Memorial Day Weekend). When my wife asked the server as to a possible available table? (larger young woman with black hair) she launched into a stern warning that we "better not sit at any table that hasn't been cleaned!" Taken back by this attitude by the server we complained to the bartender ( blond hair) about the server's behavior and she first placated us but then began to gossip about us to another woman helping her at the bar. We left without finishing our drinks. Oh, and the anemic jazz band was inaudible!I'll keep it short and sweet. 
Pros: Great atmosphere, intimate, live performances bring life, excellent food.
Cons: Poor inconsistent service, "tapas style" food(small portions, not a meal to get full or it will cost you), reservations a must, seedy neighborhood.Best food I have ever had. Great music. Great service. Tempura shrimp is a must have as well as fish tacos and steak with crab cake.  Thank you!We had an amazing time Saturday night.  Returned tonight, by myself, and was told they won't seat a party of one.  I appreciate the space is small, but am beyond disappointed.Casual and classy at the same time, The Three Muses has a wonderfully eclectic menu. For those that shy away from the sazerac, try their orange blossom version - you'd never have tasted whiskey with that hint of orange before! The food was excellent - melt in the mouth mac and cheese and soft tofu bulgogi. The service was discreet, yet prompt, the best combination. And last but not the least, the live music took the ambiance to a whole new level! The French duo playing on the night we were there were Norbert Slama and Raphael Bas, and I can't thank them enough for making this one of the meals I'll remember for a long, long time!Nice live band and food place, always busy and popular, make a reservation if u tried to be thereI was SO excited to try this place, but it was a Tuesday and we were leaving New Orleans on Wednesday. Imagine my disappointment to find out that they were closed on Monday and Tuesday! Well, we ended up staying another night and I just couldn't contain my excitement. We made our way over at around 7:45 and the place was packed! There was a string quartet playing as we worked our way up to the bar. There was no list for table seating, first come first served. Luckily, we scored a table for 2 close to the band within minutes. We were greeted by an older woman and placed our order. 
FYI - they require a credit card if you order food, I imagine that this is for their protection since it is tiny and people are constantly in and out.
We started with the homemade fried pickles and they were mildly salty but still pretty delightful. I am obsessed with fried pickles and these were not the best or the worst that I have had. 
We moved on to the feta fries and lamb sliders. These french fries were absolutely delicious. I consider myself a bit of a french fry connoisseur and I thoroughly enjoyed every morsel in our basket. The lamb sliders were a perfect compliment to the fries. They were seasoned well and cooked to perfection.
We also had to try the bruschetta of the day. It was a seasonal ratatouille with goat cheese and arugula. It was fantastic and I relished every bite. 
We wanted to order more food, but our waitress was spending all of her time dealing with an irate customer. They apparently used his credit card on someone else's check and he seemed to not understand how credits work. She walked by our table multiple times and after about 20 minutes we finally had to just grab her and thank goodness we did. 
We ordered the pork belly and it was just melt in your mouth delicious. You really MUST try the pork belly! It was seasoned and cooked perfectly. 
I had to end the meal with the lemon ice box pie. It was cold and bursting with lemon flavor. 
The food was very upscale for pub fare, but the service was just so terrible. My water never got refilled and our waitress just really seemed to not want to be there. I was so looking forward to the food and the string quartet but I was so upset with the service that I had trouble enjoying myself. Get it together three muses and you will have the perfect package.The food is OUTSTANDING! Service is patient and attentive, this place is a gem of Frenchmen St. On a Saturday night, if you wanna have a good time and eat deliciously, do yourself a favor and go here! I took my mom and sis and they loved it!!!Simply the most pretentious condescending place you can go to in New Orleans .
1.5 hr maximum time you can spend at a table .
Made reservations here 3 months ago to find a host who was disrespectful and arrogant . 
Showed  up 15 minutes early with tables open on site . Our host Benjamin met us with a very inappropriate and a unwelcoming demeanor . He stated oh your 15 minutes early you'll have to wait till I'm ready to seat you ,  you'll  have to wait . We gladly waited and was dealt with  with more attitude . Really the food is not that great to make up for this kind of treatment . 
 Finally we were sat as I pointed out to our wonderfully arrogant host there was a table open at the window .  I Expressed  to Benjamin our disappointment with his condescending attitude and moments later we were asked to leave .
Sad ............. Been coming here  since it opened and  before it got this snooty. We are from palm beach county and don't receive this kind of treatment ever anywhere in the palm beaches, I mean we are from a rich uppity area and it's sad to say we know how it feels, however were not prepared for this in New Orleans . Seriously sad this place has turned into a snob fest.
When the staff dictates who comes and goes it is when the owners have lost control of their business . 
Dying on the vine .....We visited Three Muses on our last night in New Orleans. Wish we had found this gem earlier as I am sure that we would have made another visit or two or even three times. The small plates were exceptional in presention and taste.  And the friendly and attentive wait staff were noted as top shelf. 
If this wasn't good enough we were so delighted with the live music that we purchased their CD, featuring a great variety of featured artists. 
What a treat!Fantastic meal, great music, great cocktails. A complete New Orleans experience. The five of us ordered a ton of food and a drink each, and it came to like $30 each. Absolutely top on my list next time I'm back.Just not that impressed with the lamb sliders.  Extremely gamey.  However I will try it again and order something different. Maybe.  Perhaps that's something that's not for me.   Service was  great until I was asked to move my seat over to accommodate an additional chair at another table, ( I was sitting at the bar). No problem but the hostess (I  assume) puts my chair at the end of the bar and doesn't ask the other people at the bar to move down. I'm sitting at the corner end of the bar.   I asked for the check at that time. The customer at the bar asked me if I had enough  room after I sat there for a minute. I told her not to worry i asked for the check.When we got there they were all booked up but had a possible table opening up soon. We were seated just as the band started to play. It was a warm environment and although it was snug it was very comfortable. The food was great! Tapas style but definitely enough to share. We got a little carried away and had more than enough with 7 plates for the 4 of us. Our server was also a bartender. The Muse was my favorite cocktail. The band was great and it was never too loud. All in all it was a great experience. I will definitely be back next time I'm in town.If your'e a scallop fan, this place has some of the best. They really know how to cook 'em! Casual, fun place in a cool little neighborhood - will definitely go back.This place has one of the highest yelp reviews on Frenchman's street and now we know why! There is live jazz inside the restaurant and just brings the ambience all together and the host outside of the restaurant is very, very, very, organized. The wait is a little long but not too long that you are starving. The cocktail drinks are delicious, I ended up getting this creamy cocktail drink with mint inside and it was like a high class white Russian drink (which is my favorite cocktails). The food is amazing! The details of each plate that's coupled with vegetable or a certain sauce that you would never think would go together tastes amazing! Among our many tiny plates we got, we got the scallops and they were delicious. Everything else there is good! The only thing that could be improved was the service, but I am not kidding, it Is such a high volume restaurant, I'm surprised we even got sat. Come listen to the jazz!What a pleasant surprise. After a lunch at Couchon Butcher, I didn't think I'd find any better food in New Orleans, but this place blew my mind. I had the shrimp, the pork belly, and something with raw red snapper. All were absolutely delicious, with lots of nuance in the flavors and textures. The staff were also great, and seemed to be really enjoying their jobs (I'm unsure as to their flavor and texture...maybe next time). Highly recommended!So glad we stumbled on this place! Great vibe, excellent music and the food was ridiculous! Lamb sliders...yes! Fish tacos...yes. gumbo, and the bulgogi rice bowl.  Washed down with a fancy drink. You can't go wrong!Mmmm... Three Muses, you saucy minx. We'd walked past on Hallowe'en night and it looked so fun and funky inside that we just had to try it! Given that Hallowe'en was NOT the right night for that, we went back the next day. As we were getting ready to leave the hotel we thought it would probably be a good idea to make a reservation. We booked our table through Yelp, and it was super easy, despite the fact that our reservation was only an hour from when we booked! 
We were greeted by the SWEETEST hostess (seriously, she made our night), who explained that our seating was for an hour and a half and that unfortunately you can't book for longer than that given the busyness of the restaurant. As we were leaving we asked her what our best bet for the following night would be (yes we went two nights in a row, shush!) and she said she'd save us a couple of spots at the bar so we could hunker down for the night!
Now, down to business: the food and drinks. The food is to die for - it's SO good!! The butternut squash tart was really the show stopper, with balsamic, a ridiculously delicious salad, and yummy ricotta. I could eat one every hour, on the hour!! Only marginally less delicious were the fish tacos (so succulent and juicy!), and the roasted root veggie salad (falafel AND cheese rolled together?? Get in my mouth!) We also ordered the fries, which were tasty (but fries are fries, for the most part), and the gnocchetti, which were absolutely delicious BUT definitely not gnocchetti, unless that has suddenly come to mean "regular pasta." There was no potato-y dumpling-y goodness, just plain old pasta. Don't get me wrong, it was still great, but not what we were expecting. 
We tried several of the cocktails and they were very good - The Muse was my favourite, I think; it had a great balance of flavour to it. The Earl Grey Gardens wasn't quite Earl Grey-y enough for me! The Minor Swing Margarita was super tasty, as was the Spaghetti Western.
The service was good (although a little slow when it came time to get the bill the first night, which we didn't mind as it meant we could stay longer!) But the music was really special. Spectacular jazz bands, both nights, and we really didn't want to leave either time! It's well worth the trip for a fun, relaxed meal and some super tasty cocktails!Lamb burgers were good.  Service was spotty. Some bartenders were really on the ball and some you couldn't get their attention. House cocktails sucked. I loves me some hard liquor but these were mixed way too heavy for cocktails and then topped with a quarter inch of whatever soda was supposed to go in it. Totally unbalanced and unforgivable.Having not been in the Marigney for a couple of years this was a welcome new find.  Small and intimate, there was a traditional style ballad jazz band performing.  I do not know how else to describe this, the music was low and soothing and we could eat, drink, converse and listen all at the same time which is rare.  It was late and the place was packed, lovely.  The drinks were so-so, they seemed to have their own twist on what a cocktail should be so I had a glass of wine instead.  The food was A-ok, Lamb sliders and a clam vongole (although it had bacon and parmesan on it, not what I was looking for but delicious)- tapas portions.  We just happened in on the the exact atmosphere we wanted, a beautiful thing indeed.Look, there are a few affordable yet refined dining experiences where this fat boy can enjoy and not feel left short changed. This is a rare and delicious exception.  The food is fat-tastic and the ambiance is perfect - great music and friendly service.  I went twice in three days!!  Need to say more???The best cocktail I had in New Orleans. 
I just wish we had gotten there earlier for dinner... Next time we're going to and have dinner, if its half as good as their cocktails then we'll be happy.three muses was a gem!  it was within walking distance from the french quarter (give or take about 20 minutes), offered a drink AND food menu, had the sweetest/nicest bartender ever, and was small enough to make it a cozy space for listening to some live, local jazz.
we took a peek at the spotted cat and dba before deciding on three muses because three muses offered a food menu that could be applied to the drink minimum.  
i ordered the pistachio banana mascarpone strudel, which was just the treat that i needed for my sweet tooth, and my bf ordered a few drinks.  we snagged 2 seats at the bar so we didn't even have to wait for a table.Don't waste your time. Long line. Touristic place. Bad service. Stupid hostess. After 2 hours waiting you can't get table. Go to another restaurant. Sad... But food was ammmmmmazingI can't comment on the food as I have only been here for the music and drinks, both of which are excellent.  As a regular visitor to New Orleans, this has become one of my new favorite late night spots.A jewel - piano near the door - honky tonk & Mozart, great small plates - surprises & tiddies
Don't miss it - in Frenchman's Quarter a fabulous residential neighborhood from the 1800s
Don't miss itFollowing advice, we made reservations on a Saturday, and had no difficulty accessing our table on time (each reservation is given a 1.5 hour allotment). The food was great - particularly the kale bruschetta - but also the lamb burgers, feta fries - as well the thoughtfully mixed cocktails (for red wine: ask about the Grenache/Tempranillo Spanish blend 'E')  . The service was quick and the live music excellent -- all in all -- a great evening. But be sure to make reservations -- scores were being turned down at the door.Escape the tourists and come have dinner and drinks on Frenchman St. They typically have 6pm and 9pm shows, with NO cover! However, you are only allowed to sit at your table for one and half hours, so plan accordingly. They do accept reservations, so if you want to avoid the wait, that is the way to go. It's not fancy by any means, old tables and chairs, but its fun! They have a great cocktail list along with beer and wine. I tried the Muses cocktail, which was good, but sweet. However, their special spicy margarita was amazing. We tried almost everything on the menu which was all good: fish tacos, deviled eggs, lamb sliders, fall veggie salad, bacon wrapped dates, scallops, olives, and edamane. You can't go wrong. Service was good too.I just loved the piano-singer there the night we ate dinner there.  He was very talented.  And my fish was great.  Portions are small but tasty.  But for this place, its not just about the food.  I would absolutely go back.  Love the lighting in there too.  My girlfriend who is a vegetarian also loved it because there were more options for her as well.I don't want to repeat all that everyone has said so I'll keep it short and simple...
Great food and drinks, we ordered....
Ravioli-yummy sauce
Lamb sliders-perfectly executed
Duck confit pizza w/ duck egg on top-heavenly!
Sangria-very good balance between sweet and alcohol
Service
Everyone treats you like you are their honored guest, we never were unattended but it wasn't overbearing or anything
Music and Ambiance
Great band and we had great seats right in front of the band. The vibe in this place is very cozy, casual, friendly, lively and fun. Love it love love it.This place ROCKS!!!! Very cozy and casual yet eloquent.  We stopped in on a Thursday night and were treated to live music with no cover(just tips).  The service was excellent and the dishes were amazing.  We tried the cheese plate which was killer.  The flat bread, the wild Hawaiian striped Marlin Carpaccio both were soooooo tasty and delicious.  But the kicker was the blue cheese and bacon stuffed dates.  HOLY CRAP!!! Seriously these things with succulent balsamic dribbled on top are damn near the best food I've ever consumed.  An aphrodisiac and half.  Reasonably priced and tasty wine.  For sure the best dining experience my girlfriend and I had in NOLA.!!!!This restaurant does everything right.  Food, music, and service.  The ambience was what you find in a typical bar, but clean and comfortable.THEY DONT HAVE HAPPY HOUR ANYMORE!! For some reason they are not updating their website or anything else for that matter. When I was there 4 other couples came in ALL asking for happy hour and we were all met with the same response "we stopped doing that a year ago".  BOO.  Needless to say I was quite upset to not be able to enjoy their happy hour that I had been reading about for awhile.  But we decided to order some food anyway and drinks, even if we weren't getting happy hour prices.  The cocktails were sooo good!  I mean some of the best I've had.  We sat at the bar so we could see how fresh some of the ingredients were.  They had some really good beers as well.  They let my husband try a couple before he choose.  The deviled eggs were delicious combination of savory salty goodness.  I loved what they did with those eggs!  Overall I was disappointed with the lack of happy hour but this is still a good (pricey) place to get some yummy food and drinks!This is the best place in the Marigny for a night of dinner, drinks, and music. It would be great for just drinks, too, but if you want to get a seat and stick around long enough to enjoy the music dinner is kind of a must. (and the music is definitely worth the wait, probably one of the top 5 places in NOLA for live bar music, in my book). The service here is great too, and I'd call it "pseudo serve yourself" because, although there are waitresses that come by frequently, they tell you up front to feel free and serve yourself. With that said, I spent an entire night here and only had to serve myself once, only because I happened to really be pounding drinks that night...
The food and drinks are excellent, and this is one of the few "gastropubs" I've been to that delivers on both the the gastro and the pub. I would definitely recommend getting here early, otherwise the wait gets a bit out of control, so its probably a good place to start the night. I also wouldn't recommend this place for groups unless you get there early enough to push a couple tables together.Great drinks and band!  BBQ Chicken pizza and fish tacos were the best.  Great date place or for a low key Sunday night on FrenchmanAwesome restaurant with the added live music benefit!  Spent New Years Eve here and had a great dinner with great entertainment.  Ordered a wide variety of tapas which were ALL delicious.  Do not miss the mac and cheese.  Best I have ever had!  Unbelievably delicious!  Can not wait to go back to New Orleans and eat here again!Great music. Great service. Really good food.  Definitely make reservations here as they are a small place and get packed.  They serve small plates and we tried about 5. While all of them were awesome our favorites were the duck and the bacon wrapped dates. Our waiter was awesome.  Overall a great experience.After my second visit, I'm elevating this spot to one of my "all time favorites". The food is so good. Perfect Nola atmosphere. Now this place is one of my reasons to come back to this town. :-)Used to be a nice place to have small plates, good drinks and excellent jazz. Now it is loud and overcrowded most nights. The food is still good, the music would still be great... if you could hear it, and the drinks would be great if you could ever get them. 
Three Muses is a victim of its own popularity and the growing popularity of Frenchman Street. Our last couple of visits, we had to wait for our reserved table, had slow service and could barely hear ourselves, much less the entertainment. 
I would recommend Three Muses maybe on a slower weeknight, but no longer on a weekend. When the entertainers are disgusted and stop performing in he middle of a set, something is wrong.What a great place! Small plates were very good and drinks were delicious. Place was packed later on a Friday night and everything came out quickly. Bartender was great. She comped us a drink because she said we were very nice to her. Highly recommended.Tried it because it was in the best of Yelp category.  Food was interesting, kind of New Orleans / Mediterranean.  We followed the waitstaff's suggestions, but were totally unimpressed with their recommendations, were they just trying to move product?  Actually sent back the pork belly because it was so gross and got huge attitude from the waitress that recommended it.  Rice pudding dessert was nothing special.This place is what NOLA is all about.  It's intimate setting sets the mood...it wasn't easy getting reservations - and our excellent experience was worth the wait. The jazz band was beyond incredible - they had the whole place enraptured and involved with their performance.  The food is incredible - superbly crafted with fresh ingredients.  We felt like we were part of a surreal experience of food, drink and music excellence.  fyi - This venue is on Frenchman's Street- the preferred destination for good food and live music.Really enjoyed this New Orleans gem on Sunday, it was recommended to us by our amazing cocktail tour guide from Drink & Learn.  She said this was a favorite place of hers for live music.
We walked from our hotel on Canal Street to Frenchman Street and enjoyed the leisurely stroll on some of the not-so-crowded French Quarter streets.  When we arrived we were greeted by a very friendly, creatively dressed hostess who was very attentive and made sure we were taken care of as we had made a reservation.  She was even so kind to ask if we minded waiting a few extra minutes to be seated as the table she had available at the moment was not one she loved to seat those who make reservations.  
When we were seated we loved every libation and food decision we made:
Cocktails: The Muse, The Earl Grey (so refreshing and light...a must try!), and the night special pomegranate and champagne
Bacon Wrapped Bleu Cheese Stuffed Dates
Fried Housemade Kosher Pickle Chips
Chocolate Peanut Butter Cake
Music: Robert Wagner TrioFantastic experience at Three Muses. It is an amazing space with live music but we had an unfortunate experience with some sub-par bar guests who had walked in. The staff handled the guest and situation with extreme grace and had finished off our experience with amazing tap selection and great food. They are certainly people who know what kind of restaurant they want to be and we were in love with them and their concept. We had the tomato salad, falafel  mozzarella, the shrimp dish and the bulgogi rice bowl; all of which were fantastic and filling and would recommend to anyone.Really a great place for quality live music and lighter fare food that doesn't suck.  Came here on a Friday night.  Crowded but sat at the bar.  Great service.  Polite!!We had a reservation and the hostess told us to wait (outside) while she seated walk-in's that arrived after us. On being seated (at a tiny table against a wall where only one of us could watch the band- if you are a party of 2 beware- they don't want to give up the 4-tops for you), we were informed that "as we were told when we booked, we hold this table for you for one and a half hours, then you can stay at the bar." We booked online and no where was that information conveyed to us. We soon realized the restaurant the band was NOT as advertised on the restaurant's website, and we were not given any kind of indication prior to being seated. Service was slow (surprising since we only were allowed to stay for 1.5 hours) and the food was overpriced (I mean really, 3 dates for $8 for 2 people? At least make it an even number. Half portion for full price no thanks). Food wasn't bad, but not good enough to make it worth a return. This place doesn't appreciate your business go elsewhere.Good food, though small portioned for the price. Getting a seat was a bitch. Music was good though. This is the kind of place you would take a semi attractive or mostly sane date to. It suffers because it is crammed into a small area and packed into a street next to other bar type places. It is in the more grown up party section of Nola. The area has less whorish and walmart type clientel, although the older folks are just as obnoxious as the younger ones once they have downed a few bottles of vino.I never give 5 stars unless you have at least one from Michelin, but rules were made to be broken.  At the intersection of thoughtful, well-prepared food, great decor, kind service and amazing music you will find Three Muses.  I went with a veggie friend and a no shell fish friend.  All three of us found something to love.  The shrimp tempura arrived table side at the perfect temp.  The bruschetta was much loved due to savvy additions of pesto, ricotta and balsamic drizzle.  There was a near riot over the last of the mac n cheese.  This was my second visit to Frenchman Street and my first to Three Muses.  For food, music and ambiance, Three Muses was a cut above in a superlative neighborhood.  Go there.One of the highlights of my recent Nola trip. I was in love with everything about this place - the food, drinks, atmosphere, live music! We ordered: feta fries, tuna tacos, lamb burgers, mac and cheese, beer and their Muse cocktail. It was all delicious - small servings, but worth it. 
Not a single disappointment, except for a slightly rude bartender, but that might just be because I was obviously a bumbling tourist.What can I say? I love you Three Muses.
The first time I came to this bar was a little over a year ago, I came to celebrate passing my qualifying exams, and because I was in such a good mood, I ended up ordering half the menu, only half cause I would have seriously damaged my wallet - hey, I'm only a grad student!
Since then, I have come to Three Muses on several occasions, mainly for the food and REALLY for the desserts, I've had every single dessert offered here. I have not been disappointed with any of the dishes that I have had here! My favourite? Banana Marscapone Struedel by far!  The Peach and Blueberry Cobbler coming in second... Okay for some real foodz other than desserts, Kurobuta Pork Belly, Steak & Cake, Ms Moon's Boolgogi Rice Bowl, Lobster Spring Rolls, and Lamb Sliders.  Yes I may have named half their menu, but that's just how good they are!  Oh and don't forget to check out their daily specials! 
I love the food, I love the fancy sounding drinks (the sips I've had, since I can only have so much alcohol), and I love the live music. Did I also mention that it's incredibly romantic?
Three Muses is definitely my favourite spot on Frenchmen and I frequently just want to come here.Came by and put my name down and was told it was a 1 hour and 45 min wait.  Table should be ready at 10:15.  I came back at 10:15 and was told that dinner service ended at 10:00 PM.  
Not acceptable!  They should have never taken my name down.  Instead of waiting for this restaurant I could have found another one.  Host had the decency to tell me what other restaurants might still have food at this hour, but I don't think that makes up for this.
If you come late, double check that the kitchen will still be open.Great place! Tuna, Edamame, Antipasto, Pork Belly all delicious! Lobster Ravioli flavors were also very nice; however, pasta itself was chewy and no real sign of lobster :( Menu stated tarragon and got sage luckily I love sage! Definitely coming back for more stuff!!! Oh , and don't forget about the music !!!!
Service is a bit strange but wasn't bothered by itGreat spot. Smaller, quaint, but with a soulful feel. Not too loud even with live music. All the food was delicious!!! The steak was great but the tempura shrimp was where it's at!!!! Smaller tapas type plates. we had a wonderful time.Minus 1 star because the  price doesn't justify the portion.
Great music and quaint atmosphere but the price should be like $$$ vs $$.  Limited menu with only appetitezers, not full on entree.
We got a lamb slider that only came with 2 tiny sliders for $12. The chicken gumbo was also small for $9. New Orleans have so many places with great food, I highly recommend another spot. But if you want to come here for the food, expect to pay and still be hungry. If you for the music and drinks, it's a good spot to check out. 
Customer service is AverageHand crafted cocktails, live jazzy tunes, and the best meal I had during my week in New Orleans. Try the bacon-wrapped blue cheese stuffed dates if you're a meat-eater, and the cheese plate if you're not. You won't be disappointed.Great little place on Frenchman's street with a small stage and live music with a tapas style menu.  Great cocktail menu and fun food menu, but very expensive.  Ordered the fries with feta cheese ($7) and the lamb sliders ($12).  The fries was a small bowl and really wasn't worth the price.  The sliders were very small and only two of them for $6 a piece.  Definitely not reasonable.  I would absolutely go back if the prices were more reasonable, but not until then.Music was excellent and the three muses fries were delicious. The fries were served fresh and hot with feta and gremolata toppings. The truffled beef Wellington poppers were a bit soggy but a hit with other customers. Finally the best drink of the night was the Mamas Moonshine! Bartender Chris tended the bar well serving midnight moon's strawberry moonshine with muddled mint and house made ginger-lemonade! Promptly served up in a mason glass with a smile :) What more can you ask of southern hospitality?The best meal I've had in a real long time. My meager self will try to write a full review soon.Yelp wait list for this joint doesn't work, hostess is the rudest person, will not spend any more $$ hereThis place hands down one of the best gems in New Orleans. Food was good. Great Live music and the place wasn't dingy and uninviting. Very nice casual ambiance. Great place for sharing plates. Food is tasty and live music did I say that already? Lol. We Ordered Ms Moons Bulgogi bowl which was good and the shrimp tempura. Generous portions for tapas. We were full with just these two platesThis place is great! The food is very good, and if you like small plates you'll really enjoy this. We had the cheese plate, duck confit flatbread, vegetarian antipasti, lamb sliders, and coconut cake for dessert. The best thing we ate was the flatbread, it was crispy, and full of flavor and texture. We added the egg (they were out of duck eggs, but the chicken egg was good). We enjoyed a few of the house cocktails, the one with vanilla absolut and blueberry purée is recommended, as is the strawberry mojito. The atmosphere was laid back and loungy, as the live music. If we are ever in Louisiana again, we will be back at three muses for sure. This is a great alternative to the bourbon street experience, and of you enjoy more of a hip scene where you can enjoy live entertainment AND great food, make sure you make it to Frenchman street.My wife and I recently visited New Orleans and went to Three Muses two nights in a row.  We enjoyed every bit of it.  The music was great both nights. (Davis Rogan, who has a character based upon him in HBO's treme, was playing with his band on the first night).  We got a seat at the bar (it's preferred to not take a table if you're not eating) and tried about half of their cocktail menu.  This was the highlight.  Their cocktails were easily the best we had all week.  Even their Mojito was stellar.  The second night we ordered various items from their very affordable menu.  This is what sealed the 5 start review for Three Muses.   Don't hesitate to order food here.  Definitely worth it and all the items are between $7-13 and are better than advertised.  I was impressed.
The only drawback of this place is that it is small and therefore seating is limited.  Other than that you must go here and check it out.  If you're disappointed then check out the spotted cat or DBA down the street but odds are you'll enjoy yourself here.  The Service, drinks, food, music and ambiance is hard to beat at Three Muses.Sometimes simple is the best way to go. Absolutely delicious tapas-style menu, strong, distinct cocktails in an intimate live jazz setting on the vibrant Frenchmen Street.
We had initially made reservations here for a Sunday night, but after eating too large of a lunch (story of our lives in Nola), we called to move back our reservation. Unfortunately, it fills up very quickly here, so they weren't able to accommodate over the phone. However, once we got there, a table opened up and we got a great table in perfect view of the live jazz show! You have your table for 1.5 hrs (I can see why this is time-limited bc of the music) and that is just the right amount of time.
Highly recommending splitting some small plates/apps, ESPECIALLY the kale and ricotta bruschetta and the pork belly! Out of this world. Everything is prepared and presented so well. Highly recommend Three Muses for a wonderful night out in Nola!This place is an excellent choice for food and music in New Orleans.  They have brought together the holy trinity of food, music, and cocktails.  Only in NOLA could this trifecta be brought to such a high level. I felt like it was packed with both tourists and locals.  The venue is busy, so expect a wait.  You can go across the street or practically next door to have a drink while you wait, so this is no big deal.  Once in, you are at a busy, bustling, and loud place full of energy.  I found the menu to be very creative, with a nod to its roots and location.  Translation: it's very tasty.  The music was excellent as well.  The cocktails (the third "muse") were great, and the bartender came out to discuss a cocktail he wasn't familiar with.  There are many worthy untried options in New Orleans, but I would return to this one every trip.  Incidentally, this establishment has been featured on one of those Food Network shows, but don't hold that against it.One of the best Tapas restaurant we've had !! Three muses have a fairly small tapas menu but no doubt all of them are good. This visit we got to try 7 of the tapas dishes and they were all great! My favorites are the Moroccan eggplant bruschetta, Bacon wrapped stuffed dates, and the Beer-braised pork belly (how can one go wrong with bacon?). Service was great and we really enjoyed the live music.Amazing flavors. A great environment with wonderful food and excellent service. Tapas style servings so you get great food but don't leave stuffed or broke. The Steak and Cake may be the best bites of food I've ever had. Thank you!Definitely our favorite music venue on Frenchmen Street. 
Amazing talent
Lively crowd
Plenty of seating
Good drinks
You have to go to check it out for yourselfEnjoyed eating Korean/Asian American fusion tapas while listening to a live jazz band.   Ms. Moon's bulgogi rice bowl and lamb slider were excellent. If you are looking for a low key hangout place away from Bourbon st, this is a great place to be.Went to Three Muses at the start of Happy Hour last night and stayed about 4 hours.  The HH specials are a good deal...and the tapas plates offered for $4 each were yummy.  Tried almost all of them, plus the feta fries...delish.  The margaritas and mojitos were perfect.  Loved the music too...Bart Ramsey on piano, with Ruby Moon on vocals...then followed by Hot New Orleans Club band.  A fun NOLA night was had...True culinary bliss - the food was delicious and sophisticated, free of convention and rules of any sort, kinda like NOLA itself. 
Pickle chips were crispy and tangy. We also ordered lamb sliders, local tomato heirloom salad, portobello ravioli and ratatouille bruschetta. Each of which had the balance and excitement of what would come out of a Michelin star but way more fun and wholesome :) 
To top it off a decadent empanada with warm gooey banana and Nutella ice cream. 
The music was a delight. Service was special - all the staff kept checking on us periodically. Will come back for sure to try EVERYTHING else on the menu.Wanted to start close to the airB&B I was staying at so I wondered down to this gem. My favorite here was the live music with pianist. The cocktail I had I believe was "The Muse" and it was delicious. Love the environment friendly paper straws too! I did try the Bleu cheese stuff dates and honestly was not a fan. Didn't taste like there was cheese in there at all and the bacon that wrapped the dates tasted too burned for my liking.We came here to listen to jazz and drink cocktails - we had already eaten when we arrived and once we saw the food regretted not eating here. Great little spot with heaps of New Orleans Charm!Made dinner reservations for our first night in New Orleans based on Yelp reviews. Sorry to say, but we didn't feel like it lived up to the hype. 
My group of three was seated at the bar table by the front window, and we were told we had a 90-minute window before the table had to be changed over. We had a great view of the band (the highlight!), and liked the ambiance of the restaurant.
The menu is tapas style, so we ordered several dishes to share. The food was ok, not bad but not great. After visiting other music venues and restaurants during the rest of our trip, New Orleans has so much more to offer.Three Muses is my favorite New Orleans restaurant for multiple reasons.  First of all, the food is amazing.  The Steak and Cake has to be the best dish.  The menu changes often, but they never seem to take the Steak and Cake off- thank god.  Second of all, the service is always great.  Third of all, there are always local musicians on stage here.  I recommend going early because there is almost always a wait list, but you can just go across the street and get a drink while you wait or just watch the street musicians. Three Muses is a MUST and you would be making a huge mistake if you chose elsewhereAwesome Jazz spot that serves food right in the heart of Frenchmen's St.  We took a petty cab from the oldest bar on Bourbon (our hotel concierge suggested this because the area nearby is not great, but we felt safe once on Frenchmen St) and put our name on the list for a seat (about an hour wait) and then walked up and down the street checking out other jazz clubs, bars, and galleries.  There is also an artisan market that sets up next to the Spotted Cat with a lot of interesting locally made arts.  We had some great food while listening to some great Jazz.  My suggestion - try the bacon wrapped dates and the fried oysters and grits - both were awesome.A great establishment on Frenchman Street. This place stands out for its great cocktails, tapas style menu with creative dishes and live music. Their cognac and orange blossom cognac (a special cocktail of the day) was stunning and sublime. In general, their cocktails are like their food, inventive and unique. The Gulf fish crudo is a great melange of flavors, the stuffed dates arr solid comfort food, and the beet salad is simple and well assembled. In a town where a lot of the food and drinks can feel very similar, this place is unique. Well worth visiting despite being a small place where getting a table may be difficult and you're kept to a time limit (but service is the best quick).This restaurant was amazing! It's got a small hole-in-the-wall kind of feel but the experience is great. It's located in the heart of Frenchman St so there's not too much parking available right around the area. They take reservations! Highly recommend getting one otherwise it's pretty tough to get a table. Each reservation is for 1.5 hours--if you want to stay longer, they let you move to the bar (very small and only standing space really). They have a vegetarian-friendly menu!! Major plus. They have small plates and we got 4 small plates to feed 5 somewhat hungry adults. The mac and cheese is super yum--it's a must. Also, the cocktails are wonderful! 
Overall, great vibe and great food. Awesome spot for a date night or even just a fun night out with friends.Great location for dinner and music if you want to avoid the crowds on Bourbon Street. We had the bulgogi with fried egg, steak and crab cake, mac and cheese -- all amazing! Their signature cocktail "The Muse" was delicious, we would definitely go back on our next trip to NOLA. Tip, reservations are a must. You still might wait 5-10 minutes but it's worth it!Super friendly staff...
From the time you get seated, you get 1.5 hours to order and eat at your table. There's live music and the service is very quick so 1.5 hours is actually a long time. They give you an alloyed amount of time on busy nights to be fair to all their customers. It's a smart business move and they run it right! Everyone is in and out and happy! After you eat, if you want to stay to enjoy the music more or order more drinks, you can stay at the bar. There's no time limit at the bar, but just beware, there are few chairs ever available because this place is just that popular! 
When it comes to the food, I'd say it is just "good." Nothing is bad but I've had much better. I gave this place a few tries before I decided to write a review, because i kept thinking "this place has almost 5 stars. I must keep missing something." Alas, fun vibe but I wouldn't return for the food.This gem was ahhhhmazing! We stumbled upon this restaurant on a recent girls trip. They offer a sharable menu which we loved, leaving us the opportunity to try a few different things. We started with the Bleu Cheese Stuffed Dates. We are still talking about them, they were so good. The flavor combinations paired so well together. We then shared the Lamb sliders which were very tasty and not gamey at all. Lamb usually scares me. Three Muses did it right on these tasty guys. We also shared the Fist tacos which were also very delicious. They also offered a variety of fun cocktails. There was live music playing and the decor was very eye catching. The only downfall is they do not split checks, so bring cash if you're coming in a group. Worth the wait if you don't make a reservation. I will definitely go back the next time I visit NOLA.We arrived around 5:30 and found a spot at the bar. Best decision ever. Sat through two sets of the first band of the night, enjoyed happy hour apps as well as empanadas and the peanut butter ecstasy for dessert. The place was packed all night. Great drinks (try the Husky's revenge with ginger beer) and nice atmosphere. A nice change of pace from the craziness of Bourbon.Well we had reservations,  we're on time,  and they didn't let us in. 
That's it. Manager was rude too.  Avoid this place...Such good food! I recommend the short rib lettuce cupsI made a reservation at three muses on a Wednesday for dinner mostly because Alexis and the Samurai were playing, but also a co worker had just said she really enjoyed dinner there. 
I split an order of lamb sliders and feta fries, plus a couple drinks and the total was around $50.  Not bad considering Alexis and samurai normally charge a 10$ cover.  
I do recommend making reservations even on week nights. Their was a good mix of locals and tourist.  
I will not return for the food alone as it was nothing special and overpriced, but if Alexis or another band I"m inclined to see performs I may consider.This place was such a perfect way to spend my last night visiting the city. The jazz band was great, and the food was phenomenal! Definitely get the pork belly and the butternut squash ravioli.
The waitstaff was terrific as well. You can order at the bar, but we had a couple of people stop by to check on us as well. Definitely try this place for a nice but casual meal if you're in town!If you don't mind a long wait this place is amazing. The food is gastropub that can hold its own w/o needing to be a venue. The music is an added plus. Its phenomenal. However, my biggest complaint is the place is to damn small to have so much goodness packed into it. We had to wait almost 3 hours for a seat and then people are also allowed in to the bar area to order drinks and watch the live music which can be a bit troublesome because they just stand packed in around all the dinners. I wanted to stay longer or even all night there to continue watching music but I felt that after I ate it was rightful for me to go which means I was only there for 1/4-1/2 the time my wait was and felt a little cheated out of the full experience. Would I have not gone because of all these gripes. NO. Im glad I suffered through it all. :)I'm sitting in this tiny, cramped, and absolutely AMAZING SPOT! You walk in, there is an ordered chaos like no other. The music by the door is a great addition to the vibe. 
FOOD: 
Gulf fish tacos- small portion with amazingly big flavor. Only complaint? I wish there were 100 to an order. Wow, so delicious 
Housemade Shells & Cheese- everything was cooked perfectly. Seriously, perfectly.  
Then there was the Steak Frites. Hey should rename it to Heaven In Your Mouth. The medium rare steak was spot on. The béarnaise sauce was amazing. The dish was so good, I'm damn near speechless.What a wonderful evening!  I couldn't have picked a more perfect spot.  As a solo traveler, I always appreciate a good bar.  Caitlin, the bartender, was so wonderfully accommodating and personally designed several tasty cocktails that were on the menu.  The food was fabulous and the service was quick. The live music was spot on and easy to listen too but didn't interfere with conversation.  I ended up at closing time which rarely happens in my world.Good food, good music, good drinks, friendly waitstaff, clean bathrooms. What more could you want?
We loved the intimate atmosphere and the fact that everyone has a good seat for the music. The menu is mostly small dishes with a few entree size options. We shared the scallops and the Creole burrata which left just enough room in our bellies for the pièce de résistance....the Johhnycake Cobbler! Stone fruit baked with a johnnycake crust and served with a berry ice cream. It was seriously delicious!
Our server was so friendly and the jazz trio that night was great. Overall, it was our favorite meal for the whole week in NOLA and definitely worth walking down to Frenchmen Street for.Feels like you are walking into a Speakeasy...and after all, it is New Orleans.  Jazz, Blues or 30/40s music for a pass of the tip jar.  Small plates of really interesting food and beverages.  Ask the waitress and get the best on the menu.  A delight for dinner or just a drink and the music.  This is what I love about NOLA!!Premier arrêt à la Nouvelle Orléans et ce fut excellent autant les entrées à partager que les drinks. Mon coup de coeur, les crevettes.  Bons musiciens et service impeccable. Merci JessHad a 730p dinner reservation followed by an 8pm show featuring Linnsee Zaorski. We have seen her before. 
We ordered lamb sliders, special spare ribs and the rice bowl, like a bulgoki. Drinks were a couple of spaghetti westerns basically an old fashioned with rosemary. 
The food was great. Perfect light fare before and during a show.
Zaorski was good but not as good as we recall from 2 years ago. Still a very good show.
This is our favorite jazz/blues nightclub in Frenchman Street. There are many choices. Service was excellent and we were seated promptly at 730p. The hostess reminded us that we only had our table for 90 minutes - no problem for us. 
We strongly recommend a reservation. The line was down the block after 8pm.
We will return when back in NOLA.
Nancy & Mark.My man is known as "The Bar God".  Let me tell you why.  No matter where we go, no matter what time it is, no matter how popular a bar is, this man will manage to get a couple of bar stools within a minute of walking in.  The place can be jumpin' in a packed house and still, somehow, magically, 2 bar stools will open up and voila... we have a seat.
It's the day before New Years Eve...  New Orleans is packed with tourists, drunks, and misfits.  Every damn bar, every restaurant, good or bad, was packed.  No reservations.  All first come, first serve.  There was a line around 3 Muses like it was the hottest club in Manhattan.  We walked up to the hostess, where she proceeded to tell us that they weren't even taking anymore names.  We were both sorely disappointed.  All week we were looking forward to coming here.  It was the best food we had on our first trip to the city.
Anyway...  
We walked away like 2 kids that just lost their pup.  We wandered around the open market across the street when The Man says, "Hey.. Let's go back and see if we can get lucky."  I looked at him like, "Are you out of your goddamned mind?!"  Ugh...  but, I agreed.  I waited across the street while I watched him have a few words with the hostess.  He signals me to come over, and "BAM!!".  The hostess tell us to wait at the bar and have a drink and she'll call us when there was a table available.
I fuckin love this man...
We walked over to the bar to order a couple of cocktails, and what happens???  2 bar stools open up right in front of us and we're in...  UNBELIEVABLE.
The food...
Still the best damn food in NOLA.  The menu I noticed has changed so I won't go into details of what we ate because it'll probably change again but expect to be blown away by an explosion of flavors.  (make sure to get the lamb burgers) The chef certainly has a sweeter palate so, for some of you, you might not be so keen on a few of their plates, but I thought it was fucking fantastic.  The bartenders mix a helluva a cocktail.  Try their cocktail menu.  You won't go wrong. 
This is a VERY popular joint.  Prepare to wait.  That is, unless your prayers to the Bar God are heard.
Amen...Nice, quaint little restaurant. Music was nice and the food was wonderful! Steak and cake was the best!! Macaroni and cheese was the best I've ever had! My husband loved the feta cheese on the French fries