Decent bar tucked in a pocket right off Bourbon.  Go here to avoid the tourists, and for cozy decor you can (usually) have a conversation in.I love this place because I can bring my dog in here and the prices are reasonable - 1 cocktail, grilled chicken sandwich with fries and fried pickles for less than $20!  
What I didn't love was the bartender.  When I asked for a menu she seemed bothered and said I would have to return it because it was the only one they had.  What the heck - are you NOT trying to sell food?  I'm not going to take the menu...I promise.  Besides that I just always felt like I was bothering her when asking for another drink or some condiments.  After hanging out for a while though I realized this was just her personality because she was like this with everyone, even people she seemed to really like.
I did hear that there were 2 for one beer and shot specials - which made me wish I was drinking either of those!
Check it out.  It's a good place for at least a drink, some fried pickles or a spot to enjoy NOLA with your dog!Every man needs his neighborhood bar, and this for me is it.  Delightful bartenders, dark and somewhat dingy atmosphere which is perfect for the setting, great bar snacks, and it's right off the main path.  I'd come back here any time.  Some other folks mentioned some challenges they experienced like non-perfect ribs, or that it's a "dive bar".  Come on man, don't expect the Ritz Carlton when they have two for one PBR specials at 8am.Maybe it's a Dive Bar, but I am a Diver.  Was in search of some late night pub-grub, last Thursday, and the Irish Bar at the end of the street (Fahy's) pointed me to the 3 Legged Dog.  I got there about 20 minutes before Midnight.  The Bartender on duty was Chris, a big, commanding fellow with a long thin beard, who looked like he may have just got off a chopper.  I asked about food and he politely let me know that we were approaching the 12 hour shift change - This place runs 24 /7 and he had been on since noon - so it would be 20 minutes before I could get food.  He recommended the Ribs which they slow smoke on premises.  So I ordered and asked for twenty minutes worth of beer.  He gave me two bottle for one and stuck one on ice.  Then he went in back and produced the ribs in about 10 minutes after all.  Holy cow (or sow) those were delicious ribs, nice smokey flavor with a light crunch of semi-sweet glaze. Hardy helping of hand cut fries, that I didn't want to finish, but I did!  While I was there the guests and staff were quirky and friendly and I felt like this was a place I would want to come back to, anytime in NOLA.No more 3 for 1 drinks and instead it's pay double price for 1 beer apparently.  I was charged $8 for one Abita Amber so since that's more than a six pack at the grocery so... I won't be returning here.  This location is far off the tourist path of Bourbon and should be catering more to locals but as a local I'm not paying such ridiculous prices.4 stars 
This was a hidden gem. We got so lucky that a waitress at another restaurant recommended us to come here for crawfish and it did not disappoint. 
- Ordered: lots of shots and crawfish 
- Food: For $16 the bar tender gives you a take out box and you go to the huge bucket of crawfish and fill up the box as much as you can. I think our box of crawfish was about 3 pounds so it's such a deal! There were potatoes and corn in there too. The crawfish was a little spicy, super flavorful and meaty. I don't normally eat crawfish but this was the best I've had. They had a 2 for 1 beer and shot deal. 
- Service:  the bartenders were cool
- Ambiance: super casual. a dive bar type of feel
- Price: For the box of crawfish that fed 4 people and 4 shots I paid $35. What a deal! 
- Additional comments: I recommend coming here to try some crawfish, cheap drinks, and chillGot introduced to this place by a friend. It may become my new watering hole. I'm a vegetarian, but those who know say it is the best place for crawfish.Ask when their crawfish boil is happening and then get there early.   
Excellent price for ~3lbs of bugs which are EXPERTLY cooked.  Just the right amount of spice and fixings.  Have eaten 15lbs of bugs this trip and these are the best by far.  Waiting for the second batch so we can have more!
A couple blocks off Bourbon St.Walked in and they were purposely ignoring us. It was 11:10. If you don't want to keep the door opened then just closed it.  No need to open and be rude to us. Walked to Royal House and willing to spend my $$$ there. Got seated right away. Got my wine within five minutes. No better place like this at 11:20 PM.Stumbled upon this place on our last day here. Met some great locals and the raw bartender made us a fabulous Bloody Mary. In fact, I do not like bloodys at all and I couldn't leave without ordering one. Thanks!God do I love this place! The staff and owner are all just so welcoming.  My husband and I visited the Three Legged Dog on two occasions, during a recent trip to NOLA, along with our dog.  The food is fantastic (home made) and the drinks are cheap.  The smoked wings Todd made for the Saints game were the best I have ever had.  I just wish we had not missed the craw-fish boils they have during the Summer. Great atmosphere and people. Stop in with your dog (or husband)!!A diamond in the rough, and totally the place to go when you're done with the tourist traps. Watched the Giants play Dallas here. All around great atmosphere, good people and surprisingly tasty (and affordable) BBQ and burgers! 
Also, I love the tater tots. We'll be back, for sure.Definitely trust the crawfish reviews on this place. It's sketch from the outside and I don't know that I'd be going here just to hang out but if you want a good crawfish experience while visiting New Orleans.. this is the place. Seems like they have it every night at 6pm (I'd suggest calling the day of to confirm). Get there 20 minutes early to get a spot and wait for the giant tub of crawfish to be served! You get a to go container from the bartender and fill it up as much as you can. They were so good! My friends and I each ate our own container full, but we saw others sharing. Definitely worth it! And it's cheap! Will be going back on my next visit.Crawfish was hot, spicy, and delicious! I've never had pineapple with my crawfish boil before, but it was amazing. You scoop your own crawfish to fill a to go box so no need in getting any of the extras you'd rather not eat. You can fill the box for $15! Bottled beers are 2 for the price of 1 and mixed drinks are doubles for the price of singles. Oh, they are boiling crawfish 7 days a week right now!!A great non-touristy bar only a couple blocks from Bourbon street. While I was there the cliente seemed to be service workers from Bourbon street (bartenders, wait staff, etc.) who had either just got off their shift or were about to start it. I was able to get a unique prespective on the city by talking with them. A great place to drink if you wnat to avoid the insanity of Bourbon Street.This is a bar, yes.. but my girl friend and I didn't come here to drink. We came here to do laundry! (As silly as it sounds).
This was the closest place in the French Quarter from where we were staying (Maison Dupuy) that had washers/dryers AND was open late. When I say late, I mean really late! So this place being open 24/7 was a big plus for us 'cause our stay in NOLA was so busy that we didn't have time to make it to all the other nearby laundromats (which close at 10PM). We strolled in a little after 12AM, popped in a few quarters in the machines in the back room, and had ourselves a little drink and chitchat in the bar area while waiting for our clothes to wash/dry. Pretty awesome, no?
Total dive bar. Doesn't seem tourist-y even though it's just a few blocks away from Bourbon. If you look up towards the ceiling, you'll find plenty of marked-up dollar bills, bras, and panties. Will keep this place in mind if I'm ever in the area again and need to do some last- minute laundry!We found this place while I was apartment hunting in the FQ during Halloween.  We decided to make this our jumping point for the rest of the weekend.  Absolutely loved it here.  No pretentious jerkiness in sight!  Halloween night was especially fun with everyone taking pictures of one another and buying eachother drinks.  I believe most, if not all, were locals.  I can't comment on the food, but the drinks were magnificently strong and we didn't even bother buying drinks on Bourbon...why when this place is about a block away and so so so much better.  When I move, you doggy, will be my new spot.Disgusting. Went in pretty late one night with the intention of getting food.  Small roaches crawling all over the bar. I counted 7 running around in just the small area I was sitting. Bartender looking sloppy as shit with his hairy back and dingy wife-beater had to notice but seemed to not give a fuck. Would never eat anything here. I guess ths drinks are fairly cheap but whatever. Went to Deja Vu a block away and had a much better experience.Locals' spot in the quarter with pretty solid food 
Favorites are: Porkchop sandwichTheir Crawfish is amazing! So tasty and delicious. Right amount of spice and flavor. 
The owner is extremely nice and he even let me go back for a little more since it was my birthday.Great little bar.  Has crawfish on several nights a week a 6pm.   It was seasoned perfect .  The bartenders were friendly and along with great conversation with the locals and other vacationers.Warning: if you're looking for ambience, you should skip this place. If you're willing to look past decor and really want that crawfish experience, this is a hidden gem. It's a hole in the wall, with flies everywhere and the place gets busy at 6pm for the crawfish so get here by 5:45 if you want a seat.I love this place 2-for-1 every thing way sweet & I do my wash at the same time. I live in the quarter and I love to go set and talk to the peolpe who work there and they are gay friendly.. They are just good quarter peolpe. Go eat ,drink, and do your wash at the same time. Love it..The service here was terrible. We placed a food order at the bar and as we waited at our table my fiancé was hit multiple times with lime wedges. The bartender was trying to get his attention. That is completely unacceptable behavior.  I would give this bar 0 stars if I could.Friendly staff. Excellent services. Good alcohol. Wonderful fresh crawfish boil that is cheap and tasty. Everything you ever need in a bar.Man these bartenders really know how to deal with weirdos(mainly me) was in town in vacation Easter weekend, looking for a crawfish boil. Found one. Also found the habanero that was a big as a bell pepper( that's what I mistaked it for). All in all I died a little but I had a great timeThis is one of my favorite hangouts when I'm in New Orleans. I've been coming here for the past eight or ten years. This is a place without any douchebaggery (a term coined by the infamous Nikki) whatsoever and that's the way I like it. The Dog has one of the best beer lineups and consistently strong drinks in the french quarter and one of the best and longest serving staffs. This is also the only place to get LaBatte blue and Tiger beer  for the two for one special. This is a 24 hour bar so anytime is a good time to drop by. Its location in the french quarter is impeccable since it's only two blocks away from the world-famous Bourbon street. The cuisine is your typical bar food so don't expect anything spectacular on the menu. However, the price and quality of the food is what makes you come back, I highly recommend the chicken club salad. This is one of the few places where locals and visitors mingle with ease. Its got an exceptional satellite jukebox where you can find anything from Analbreath to Travis "The Twat" Tritt. This place also has the biggest LCD TV in the quarter so this is a prime spot to watch college or NFL football or any other major sporting event. It's so amicable that I've seen people fall asleep drunk on the bar and left to finish out their nap in peace. This is a place where strippers, bar-backs, bartenders, waitresses, hoodlums and vagrants converge to ease pain after their shifts are up. In short, LOVE THIS PLACE.will not be back due to the sign posted above the bar saying "SEXUAL HARRASMENT WILL NOT BE REPORTED HOWEVER IT WILL BE 'GRADED"
in an establishment responsible for serving alcohol I find this highly offensive whilst simultaneously enabling those likely to sexually harass and possibly assault patrons. As a woman sexual harassment takes place on a daily basis and when I go to have a drink I'd like to feel that I'm handing my money over to a place that respects the safety of its patrons. a bar shouldn't advocate drinking and driving because it's against the law and very dangerous and thus a bar should not advocate sexual harassment because it's also against the law and very dangerous.
 besides the poor taste in music (scene kid music from 2008 ... a day to remember, yellow card, staind, breaking benjamin etc etc whatever) the food was mehLove this bar! I spent half of my trip here :) also a lot of industry people as well as Chicago people!!! Love it!My favorite place to go when in New Orleans! If you want to spend some time in New Orleans away from the craziness of bourbon but with a great taste of Nola, this is the place to go!! The drinks are always 2 for 1 and the food is to die for! Every Wednesday and Saturday night there are crawfish boils... Never a dull moment at the dog! 
Todd is always coming up with genius ideas for the menu so check out what he is cooking up!!!It's a total dive bar but they're really friendly! Good drink specials! Ask for Lydia!Great location, very laid back and friendly staff. I appreciated their beer selection and the old school New Orleans attitude. We got crawfish at the very tail end of the season and it made our night finding a place that served it. We got there late so it was a little cold, but still flavorful, especially with all the added ingredients!Love this place,  bartender Lee is awesome and very caring. It's a local joint, but we felt very welcome.  You have not visited New Orleans if you don't at least have a drink here.  The two for one is a great deal. And if you are lucky, it's one of the nights where they have boiled crawfish. It's not just the food, it's an experience. The crowd is friendly, it felt very safe and friendly. highly recommend itBEST CRAWFISH IN NOLA! 
Hands down I love the balance of flavors in their crawfish, the spicy with the sweet from pineapple is just perfect. It might sound weird to "traditionalists" but it just works so well!! 
Yes it's a dive bar, basically treat the staff with respect and they will show you a lot of love, give them attitude and they will give it right back. Don't like it, then stay the hell out! And go to those shi shi less flavorful restaurants that cater to wiping you a$$ more than making you food and giving you great conversation and efficient service.The crawfish was amazing. The beers were good and the atmosphere was on point for the occasion. Lots of places are boilin but this place boils right!Stumbled into this bar on one of my trips to New Orleans and I don't know why or how- but they have the best bloody mary in New Orleans. I've tried a lot of them over the years and hands down- this is my favorite. Staff is low key and friendly and the snacks and great. Stopping by here has turned into a New Orleans must for my friends and I.The place where everyone is welcome. Service is definitely not fast, but when the locals tell you it's the place to go for crawfish, it's worth checking out. The fried pickles were great! The fried Mac and cheese was good, but I'd recommend the pickles. The crawfish tho.  Great heat, nice veggies, the little sausage links were off, but the pineapple took it to a whole other level. 4 beers and all you can load in your box for 28 plus tip. Great drink prices. So good went back the next day for crawfish, but they had already ran out. Would have been good to know before we paid. Be daring and you will be rewardedSimply the wizards of crawfish! I have had lots of crawfish and this is by far my favorite! I come here mainly for that and the great service. Other than that it's a dive bar.......Simply put they have amazing crawfish, good beer and great service! I'll be back! One totally messed up thing I noticed is that the never have soap in the bathrooms! Must be because of all the dirty fingers covered in that delicious crawfishy goodness! Chow down you won't be sorry!Love this place!  Had a blast being served by Blake and Jason (aka - Lunchbox). They have a big tub in the back filled with crawfish, corn, artichokes, garlic, sausage and potatoes and it's phenomenal.  This place is a little gem off the beat and path of bourbon and they're open 24 hours a day.  Do not miss out on this experience.2 for 1 beers, shots as doubles and a crawfish broil.  What more can you ask for.  
Great bartender as she worked her ass off making sure everyone had drinks and food. All around great spot to go.Stopped in for the crawfish. Amazing! Awesome recipe, spicy, great taste. Best crawfish I've had in New Orleans!Great little dive bar, Blake was a rockin bartender!  Have already been here two nights in a row...drinks and crawfish....what more could you ask for!!This is a review for their CRAWFISH BOIL...
This place is a disgustingly wonderful dive bar.  All drink orders (except drafts) are "doubles", typical New Orleans dive bar.
The crawfish boil is something special though.  They do it (I think) three times a week, and it's fantastic.  For $16, you get a large foam take-out container to completely fill with as much as you can. And it's excellent.One of the best places for crawfish! Offers good variety of cocktails. Busy place and surprisingly organized.  Would definitely be back if we were to come back to the area.As a local who comes here often enough to know the experience never really goes as follows, I want to make sure due credit goes where due credit deserves...
The bartender tonight was such a garbage person in desperate need of attention, that he kept instigating a rather obnoxious screaming match with someone on the other end; who continued to call back & facilitate the excuse for him to be overly dramatic at like a level 9 to anyone he could get into ear shot. about every detail. that nobody cared about. at the top of his lungs. This would be entertaining if there weren't people, including myself, trying to put orders in that he was too immaturely preoccupied to actually do. This is a place where industry folk like myself of the FQ come into drink their troubled work night away, or to either drown out a hangover pushing it at bay, or keep the party going. The entire bar looked like we were all stuck in an awkward fight between a couple breaking up on a double date. When I asked him for my drink, he made fun of my shit & then threw ice all over the bar by trying to smash as much from a large overfilled glass into my much smaller glass. as hard as possible. When I finally got my food, he bigass burped right in my face. Cute right? His attempts at showboating, being oh-so-fun & cool came off as insecure, drunk, & incapable of multitasking with liquor. He argued every bit of my friend trying to soberly explain her exact, & not complicated, order. He jealously kept picking on my other friend for being a fun regular with the other employees & customers he knows well. Later when my friend's food never came & she asked for her money back so she could just go home, he argued with her over her even putting the order in to begin with, & then over the amount of the refund. When she asked to see the menu for the prices to help out with the math of it all, he immediately tried to deflect from the fact that he obviously overcharged us in the first place & was too drunk to figure out what he did to fix it, by yelling at my other friend for "interjecting" into a conversation he was already a part of & kicks him out.  He attempts compromising by saying he'll take off the food she never got & only charges her $5 for her drink which she is still trying to pay full price for (minus the absent order). Every time she asks a legitimate question, he turned back to keep the fight going with my other friend to get out of his bar. From outside, I overhear as he tells everyone still sitting at the bar that "now he has to pay for all the food she just sat there & ate but didn't want to pay for." We over paid for every gawd damn thing. We withheld commentary on soooooo many unprofessional actions. 
Look bro I see you, & just because you're bald, have ridiculous taste in chin hair, are pathetically inept at your job, a tacky drunk, & suck at life doesn't change the fact that I'm not some tourist that will definitely be back to *specifically* ruin your shifts on purpose with as many petty tactics you pulled on me & my friends tonight when you don't remember any of this next time. I'll just be much better at it. You don't even know...This place is amazing!  Bartender is so nice and efficient.  Crawfish boils are fresh, meaty and a reasonable price.  Best crawfish in the Quarter!Never coming here again. Very unprofessional establishment. Bartender was so rude after us explaining to the bartender that we wanted 2 rounds of shots, 5 and 5, separate transactions... easy enough right? Clearly not. His logic was why not have double shots in one big shot glass. That's not wtf we want clearly it's easier for half shots for us or whatever the case may be.  So the bartender smacked the other 5 shotcups out the way. What was the need for that? Then we asked the manager how can he allow that type of behavior and he defended him stating because he's his brother so his excuse was he rather him smack cups out the way than blow up on us customers? Seriously? I really try not to play the race card but that's what was given off because even upon entry a sly remark was stated. Then we asked the manager hey can you play some hip hop or RnB, he stated no we can't play that kind of music. Really? Okay. Pros: after that situation escalated he played some old school hip hop guess that was his version of damage control‍ I'll pass. I know where we're welcomed and not welcomed.Stopped in for a drink on a recent Saturday night while barhopping down Burgundy, and found it was 2 for 1 (all the time apparently). Decent bottled beer selection, so 2 for 1 was a bonus. Tried to play darts vs a couple other revelers, but bar darts were so bad we had to stop mid-game. Doesn't seem like the type of place that would have good food, but my local friend concurs w/ other reviewers that the food here is solid.
Overall, decent place to stop in for a drink or 2 (for 1!)...Loved this place ! The two bartenders were the best! Of course we missed the crawfish night but they let me play with one. Of course they threw him out afterwards but I love the environment; quite yet Touristy! But still in the French qtr!Good option for tourists, bad option for anyone who has had a real boil. It is also expensive. That being said, if you want the experience and don't know a local having a crawfish boil, go here. The boil is heavy on clove flavor, so avoid it if you hate that spice. Overall the staff was okay and the bathrooms were disgusting! I would never go back.Home of the wizards of crawfish....my words not theirs! I have had lots of crawfish and this is by far the best ever! I come here mainly for that and the great service. Other than that it's a dive bar.......Simply put they have amazing crawfish, good beer and great service! I'll be back!Thank you to Daniel from Jersey for suggesting to CALL AHEAD! He was right: Crawfish on Saturday was 12 am to 4 am. Oh, and they didn't air the Pacquaio fight. When I made it in later in the evening/early AM, Cheers was on. Go fig.
This place has super high reviews from you guys on Yelp for some reason; and like a few other things I've experienced in NOLA, I'm suspecting that the inflation is alcohol-related. I noticed that he was having a hard time getting service as he kept chasing different bartenders back and forth (the place was only about 40% capactiy). It was cool, yes, that the crawfish had pineapple. Not cool was no corn, and no flavor minus the crawfish being super gamey, and frankly, the crawfish was pretty dirty. Cheap though. It was also orange, so it was overcooked. Overrated and disappointing, even for bar food.Amazing Blake and regular Houston make this place awesome. Just off bourbon street, which makes it local and cozy. It's away from the touristy part of bourbon street which makes it the most fun.The burgers at Three Legged Dog are fantastic!! The mushroom Swiss burger I just ate was the best burger I have eaten in the French Quarter! Don't believe me, then go see the ladies & try a burger for yourself. Inexpensive drinks & a 12ft tv screen are added bonuses to accompany your burger at Three Legged Dog.Awesome place , friendly bartenders , cheap beer ! And the most importantly was their crawfish !!! I didn't get a chance to place an order because it was sold out but they did give me whatever was left with no charge and it was soooo good !!! If I ever go back I am stoping by again !!!The staff is wasted, the female bartender is barking like a dog. Cockroaches everywhere. Filthy bathroom. Drinks are decently priced, but the bartender ran out of alcohol while pouring my drink and didn't even notice, he's obviously had too much to drink. The tables look like they haven't been wiped down in weeks. This is a sad sad place. Dog friendly though, that's why they get 1 star.Came here on a Saturday night which was perfect because they had a crawfish boil! $12.00 and you can fill the box up! *delicious* The crawfish is cooked perfectly and has a spicy kick too it, without it being drenched in sauce. 
The employees were super nice and fun. A nice change from Bourbon Street and all that madness.Never been to New Orleans and I'm from Manhattan.  I just had the best Bloody Mary I have ever had. Ask for Oliver, he cooks great food and makes the best bloody Mary's!  Great place friendly service down right the coolest bar in the French quarter!  Take a look and have a few drinks!This place was recommended to us by a waitress from another restaurant. We went for the crawfish. It was delicious. It was extremely fresh and had great flavor. Call before hand and find out what time they do the boil. Highly recommend this place.Went searching for crawfish at 2am and this hit the spot! Ordered 4lbs of crawfish and waited about 20 min until a new batch was ready. They set out a giant styrofoam container of crawfish boil with mushrooms, corn on the cob, little weinies, and potatoes! Best part is you serve yourself so you can scoop as much as you want into your to-go box! We were scared it wouldn't be as flavorful cooked in such a big batch but it was still delicious! Only gave four stars because the bartenders were not niceWe had just 30 minutes before our "Madam's of New Orleans" to grab something to eat so we ducked into this nearby bar. We ordered burgers and ribs and they were ready in about 10 minutes.  The cook brought the food out and set it on the bar. The Bartender was talking with a man and made no move to bring the food to us or tell us to get it. Since we were in a hurry and it was apparent he had no intention of bringing it to us so we got up and got it ourselves.  Even though we had to eat rather quickly, we did take time to notice that the food was very good!
This is a typical neighborhood bar with the normal type of decor.  There is a large screen for football/baseball games and I am sure this is a hopping place for the games. 
I would recommend Three Legged Dog for a drink or some rather tasty bar food, but don't expect any type of service from the Bartender!The bartender was dismissive, failing to acknowledge us until we waited a reasonable amount of time before attempting to get her attention. We asked, if we had to wait to be seated and her response was to ask for our identification. First, time that has ever happened, but if that's their policy, it was a simple enough request. We supplied two military IDs, which she barely looked at, never actually inspecting them for our D.O.B. She then scoffed, before saying, "sit wherever" and went back to eating and serving simultaneously!  She was eating what appeared to be fries, while she served patrons sitting at the bar. Within three minutes of arriving, not only did I have to clean a table before sitting, but my husband rushed from the men's restroom; he refused to utilize it,  because it was so unsanitary. We chose to leave immediately without having been offered a menu, placing an order or being offered customary courtesy due to patrons.The locals had recommended this place, raving of the food and drinks; however I'm more inclined to tell tourists to AVOID this so called "hidden gem". This was definitely the the worst part of of visit to New Orleans. I do recommend Daisy Dukes, Pier 424 and Fat Katz, they were terrific in every capacity.Great local bar with crawfish that's just $16 for a box, which holds about 4 pounds.Have gone there a couple of times now. Atmosphere divy in a good way. Food good, crawfish boil ExcellentOk so around midnite during crawfish season you can roll in there and get a huge container of mud bugs for like 16 bucks..has it all the sausage, garlic, mushrooms, pineapple, potatoes OMG. Locals and those in the know go.  Wash it down with a cold one.Very dive, overpriced drinks and concession stand food. Very noisy.We came here from Chicago. Blake our bartender was so nice and gave us recommendations of what to do in town. So helpful and friendly. Drinks were great and reasonably priced. Lots of food for the prices too. Crawfish is delicious. The three legged dog doesnt care about yelpers because theyre yelpersNow that we are on a 3 legged dog kick, I offer my .02 cents.
I came in around 5 PM on a weekday with a colleague of mine. We wanted  food and needed  drinks. I got a "Sysco-esque" style salad complete with pre chopped Iceberg and shredded mild domestic cheddar. That is reason why one should not order salad at a bar, but if you are going to offer it on the menu, one should take care that it is quality laded, not quantity driven.
 My colleague was well know there, as he was a regular patron there.  Mt reception was a bit "chilly", but I know, I look like a tourist more than anyone there would, although I have been a local for decades.  The drinks were 2 for 1 and I vaguely remember not having enough time to finish my drinks before I had to leave.  I hope whomever got my second enjoyed it.  
I had no experience in the rest rooms so I can not attest to their conditions.  The crowd was a 5 PM crowd.   
The service, I think was relieved that I was gone, but they had no reason for grievance.  So, all in all, the 3 leg dog gets a 3 STAR, but will not see my 2 legs for awhile.Came here on a recommendation from another bartender. Place is small, bathrooms even smaller. No drink specials, and if you want check separated, you have to tell them before they ring it in. The bartender was kinda cool and so was the cook.
I really came for the mud bugs, but just my luck it's only Mon,Wed, and Fri, and I was there Thurs. So I ordered bbq nachos with extra jalapenos and half slab of ribs. Was told the ribs were cross between texas and kansas city style. The nachos were ok, too many chips and not enough filling. Though I ordered extra jalapenos, it didn't seem like a lot. The ribs tasted good, but were not tender. Could not get a knife to cut them apart, so I had to struggle ripping it apart and holding the half slab as one piece to bite the meat off. Not impressed with the place, and may struggle to decide to come back.Crawfish priced by the take out tray and 2 for 1 beers? Sign me up! My wife & I just had a great breakfast here after trying to find a place that was open on a Sunday morning serving crawfish and it was perfect. Great little dive spot and using pineapple instead of lemon in their boil mix was a brilliant touch. :)I saw this place online and wanted to try it since we have been looking for a good crawfish boil. I was apprehensive walking to the place since we were from out of town and the area was farther away from the hub and seemed shady,but it turned out fine. We came right around 545pm the crawfish is served at 6, there were people at the bar and the seating areas and they all came for the crawfish! Tourists and locals. The beer was well priced ans buy 1 get one at that time. They give you a to go box that you fill up to the brim for $16. It's a fair price for so much food-they had crawfish,sausage,corn,mushrooms and other bits,but everything was deliciousness!!! You scoop your own. The place is definitely not fancy,schmancy, it is a bar. The bartender was super nice. I recommend this place,yesThree Legged Dog is where Running of the Bulls used to start.  There is nothing like getting three for one drinks at 7:00am in the morning before running with the bulls.  Maybe its always three for one happy hour here I'm not sure.  I have vague memories of food being here but I've never eaten any as I've been too busy with three for one drinking.  All I know is that this is a pretty small space and it can be a tight squeeze during crowded events but usually it seems relatively calm compared to the madness of nearby Bourbon Street.  Overall this is a pretty cool dive bar and three for one is always a kick-ass deal so I like the place.Bar spot with tasty crawfish. You pay for the carton ($16.99) and fill up on the crawfish yourself. The carton must close, no refills. The crawfish has been soaked in seasonings but no seasoning on top if that's what you are looking for. Mushrooms, garlic, onions, sausage and potatoes are mixed in and are juicy seasoning sponges. Drinks are cheap, beers are 2 for 1 and cocktails are doubles. Crawfish are big and fat. Great service, bartenders with an edge and humor. Definitely a repeat!Got a pulled pork sandwich and it was pretty good. Good guys that run this place. Could definitely spend some afternoons / evenings at the bar.Good bar, interesting people, lots of tvs, open 24 hours. Dogs welcome. 2 for 1 ($ 7) beers always, decent selection.
It's a great place if your staying in the French Quarter and desire a laid back atmosphere.  It's still a dive bar, but one I'd like to keep going back to.
We didn't get food, but after numerous drinks, those jalapeño tator tots with cheese looked amazing!I was confused when my cousins mentioned that they were anxiously waiting for midnight to eat $16.00 crawfish.  I have always been skeptical to eat crawfish at the very beginning of crawfish season but I must have to admit they were on point. They were well seasoned that included corn, potatoes, mushrooms, & my favorite cloves of garlic. For those who do not like smoke, extreme noise levels, unexplained odors (i.e. sewer, urine, musk, etc.) I highly suggest that you take your crawfish to-go. The staff is nice & friendly.  I will definitely be going back next week.Best Local Bar I went to while I vacationed in NOLA. Everyone was awesome and the food was amazing. Best Crawfish Boil I have ever had. Only thing is, you can't only have one drink, 2 for one all day!!!!!! Best experience ever.Have tried this place a few times because it came so highly recommended. Only once have I had a good experience there. The bartenders are almost always drunk, high, and rude. First time I was there was November. Guy behind the bar was super friendly, though was struggling because the girl he was working with was way to drunk to be at work. Watched her stuggle to do basic things while making it harder on the other guy who was obviously trying to get his and her sidework done. Was dragged there again by some friends in December. Had some drunk white middle aged guy who acted like he owned the place yelling the "N" word across the bar, kept making one of my lady friends uncomfortable, and would not shut up about how he was "Mr. Asshole" or some other dumb nickname. Last time I went here was the worst. Again dragged there by friends. Bartenders acted bothered that I ordered food. I could smell pot smoke coming from the kitchen and one of the bartenders dropped their baggy of what i am guessing to be coke before ducking in the back to obviously do it. He came out of the kitchen with it still under his nose. Both bartenders where also heavily intoxicated. Would not be surprised if they sold drugs out of this place. Mice are everywhere. I  am told their crawfish is good, but the place is to gross for me to ever want to eat anything from there.Stopped in here on the way back from the cemetary because I thought I was going to die of heat exhaustion. It is a pretty typical sports bar-loud and dirty. Drinks were two-for-one but not cheap enough to make it a deal.Me and my friend went in Sunday night and I must say the 2 bartenders are Amazing....super chill and laid back and I love there energy! Will be returning soon !!!Went for crawfish out of season. I should have known better. The manager and I talked for a while while I enjoyed my two beers for $6. Was very pleased that I stopped in.My favorite place to go when I'm in the quarter. Always open and always 2 for 1. Food is great and so are the bartenders. Hank and Stan are the best!Really not impressed. Pressed cheesey tots with bacon. Those were great. But then again how can you screw that up.  Staff was very friendly that's why 3 stars instead of 2. Ordered half rack of ribs. It was super huge but not tasty. It was a lot of fat. Not what I expected at all. Just not impressed.Monday night the crawfish starts boiling at 6:00. We arrived just before 9:00 and had about 2 lbs each. It was $16 per person and you served yourself out of the cooler. The vibe was very laid back and most of the patrons appeared to be regulars. The boil was fantastic! It was definitely worth the walk off Bourbon St.I stopped here with family late one afternoon before early dinner reservations to have a quick pregame drink. It is kind of a cool hole in the wall kind of place. The drink prices were very good especially for the quarter. It did not smell very good but they don't call it The Three Legged dog for nothing. Stop by and check it out if you're in this part of the quarter.just alright place. The staff rocked, beer selection was OK. nothing special about the food.Needed something to eat and place to watch Redskins...check, check! Got a chili burger. Got fries. Got an IPA, Skins down by 12 points in 4thAmazing food, stiff drinks and original floors from 1805. What's not to love? Tim and Todd the owners will make you feel at home. Did I mention the smoked chicken in the chili? Go here. Drink. Be happy.Great place to watch a game. 12 foot projection screen. 2 for 1 bottled beer. It's $7 but you always get two. I drink good beer. Bud light, etc., may be cheaper.
The food kind of sucks, typical bar food. The bathroom doesn't lock, but at least it's one person at a time instead of the trough. Those are the only negatives.
I watched the Saints win the super bowl here, and came back years later to see LSU lose to Bama. I will be back.Wow wow wow! We had so much fun here! They were probably one of the most memorable experience and places we went for our first trip to New Orleans. This little dive bar has a whole lotta heart and southern hospitality. The drinks are strong the staff is like family and the patrons are friendly. We went there two nights in a row for some New Orleans crawfish. They were so good. Lots of flavor and a great price for the amount.The Dog has affordable eats. I've had a good many items from the menu and all were satisfactory. Friendly staff.Someone recommended this place to us and it definitely lived up to our expectations. We had two order of 4 pound, hot, spicy crawfish for $20 each, and it was worth every cent. The crawfish were big, fresh and were a perfect snack between darts games  If you're looking for delicious crawfish, variety of good beers and a chill vibe, this is your spot.Guys let me just tell you. This place is a hidden gem and if you want a great crawfish Boil this is the place to go! My girlfriends and I knew that we wanted Crawfish in NOLA but didn't know where when my friend saw this place on Ugly Delicious on Netflix and we wanted to check it out. It is about a 5 min walk from canal street in the french quarters and very close to burbon street. It is a smaller place but there is enough seating and if you check with the bar what time they serve the crawfish and you get there before you should be able to find seating. We went about 30 min before they served the crawfish which allowed us to get seats and drinks. We first buy the container which is $20 each which seems pricey but it is so WORTH IT when you get the crawfish. I have to say it was AMAZING and delicious!!! The Boil was so good! it was cooked with sasusage and corn and mushroom. The Crawfish was just so big and juicy! It doesnt look like alot when you fill it but as you eat it definitely fills you up! we liked it so much we went again before we left NOLA and I also loved the raspberry lager which was a local beer. Definitely a place I would go back to get more boil!The go-to place for NOLA Crawfish Boil. We made it just in time to see them taking out the boil to serve. It's an experience. But beware though, they only serve at a specific time of the day and it runs out pretty fast. So call ahead and get there on time for the boil. The bartenders are pretty friendly, and the drinks are two for one as well. So drink away, to numb the spiciness of the boil. Yum!Killer corner pub with great staff - Katherine & Blake - and an amazing crawfish boil!  We started our trip here and loved the girls so much we came back the next day as well and spent hours just talking to them.  
It's definitely a hole in the wall but they've got 2for1 beer specials and like I said, the crawfish was amazing.  They give you a styrofoam to go box and say "fill it til it closes" and voila - a feast! Highly recommend it and also suggest getting there early because the boil goes fast, particularly in the off season!Dive bar.  Yeah. But, the best freshly made food we've encountered in such digs. Off the chain good,  fresh food, hand cut fries.  Coming back for the crawfish boil Friday.  Biggest I've ever seen! Highly recommend.Hiding in plain sight, just out of the noise of Bourbon Street, is the Gem that is The Three Legged Dog. I'm somewhat of a crawfish maven, and these guys build the tastiest I've ever purchased. Tim has assembled a team of weirdos that make this Anything but an ordinary bar. Dory gets your 2 for one bottled beer cold and quick; pitmeister Duncan(of the clan Duncan) is concocting Something in the back that'll kick your diet doors down, and Lee can conversate on a thousand topics..or disappear in a second.  It's a bar for industry intimates, not HoityToitys, so leave your entitled attitude at the door and share some time with these talented misfitsCame down for spring break from Houston, TX! We went to a handful of bars but no one treated us like home more than Logan! We decided to come back the next night and Logan and Kat were the bartenders. Once again, they both made us feel so comfortable and welcome. We will definitely be back to see these two!Man, this is a spectacular NOLA dive bar.  May as well be saw dust on the floor.  Buy one get one free beers, which are like $7.00 with is what you'd pay anywhere else.  No live music, but great tunes on the stereo.  Bartender was super nice and informative.Best  bar in town... food is amaizng.. local people. Peter and Taz are super friendly and give the best customer service! Will definitely keep coming back as long as they are here. They vibe  good together... and keep us customers safe! Hahhaa, a  few trouble makers walked in and they took care of it. 
Cheers!Horrible service the girl behind the bar was super rude. The bar itself looked appealing, but they just need to work on their customer service skills.I was excited to eat crawfish here. My neighbor told me I had to try this place. I guess right now it's not "crawfish season". Which made me super sad because I imagined my first trip to NOLA was going to be a crawfish fest! Not the case. I arrived on Sunday night and went straight to this place, only to be told that they wouldn't have crawfish until Monday at 6pm. So I went back on Monday at 5:30pm, I wanted to be first in line to get my hands on some crawfish. Well when we arrived the cooler was just about empty. I was EXTREMELY disappointed. The nice bartender offered me her box that she had put aside for herself, which was super cool of her because I would not have had crawfish during my entire trip otherwise. The crawfish were good, not too spicy and very fresh tasting. The pineapple slices were different, but really good. This place is a must for crawfish- just call ahead to find out when they are available.By far one of my favorite spots to visit every time I visit New Orleans. The staff there is amazing and the food is phenomenal. Make sure to get there early for the crawfish because it goes fast!I will start by saying I enjoy the bar atmosphere, however the mice are something I can't handle. The bartenders are nice and the drinks are fault decent. However, the mice and unclean bathrooms are something I can get over. If they would take care of the mice I'd definitely go backI had to visit after seeing it on ugly delicious. We got there early and I had a few beers on tap while my boyfriend had the two for one drink special. As the time neared for the much anticipated crawfish the place began to come a live with locals and travelers alike. Once the crawfish came out they gave us our styrofoam containers and filled them to the rim. While the people new to crawfish mentioned how spicy it was I couldn't help but wish it was spicier. Overall a great experience but lacking that extra but of kick for my taste. I think it's a great place to start the evening at the French quarter.I can't even describe how angry I am with my experience at this pathetic bar. Myself (21) along with three other friends (all at least 24) entered this bar around midnight on the night of Fat Tuesday, 2019. The Bartender was actually drunk. Probably more drunk than any patron at the bar. Meanwhile, myself and all of my friends had no more than one drink before entering the bar. We didn't even want a drink. A local a block away had told us that they sold cigarettes, and we were all desperate for a smoke, so we came. We all entered, orderly and quietly, toward the cigarette 'vending machine'. Before any of us could even walk all the way to the machine, the CLEARLY DRUNK bar tender demanded to see our ID's. That's fine. He's just following the law. But then, this rowdy, DRUNK bartender checks all our ID's one by one. After every ID check, he claims that the individual's ID is miraculously fake. Instead of asking the patron with a LEGAL ID to leave, he grabs them by the neck like a dog and THROWS them out of the bar. We did not act intoxicated. We all had LEGAL ID's, and one by one, this man child threw us out in the most rude way imaginable. 
The worst part? None of us said a word or put up any sort of resistance, and yet still, once he had us all gathered on the porch of his bar, the bartender threatened us. He actually threatened to fight all of us with absolutely no provocation whatsoever. This guy is eventually going to be sued and or lose his license. I hope soon.While Cajun Seafood has the best/and cheap/fresh crawfish (and shrimp, for that matter), Three Legged Dog is best, most convenient crawfish you'll find near Bourbon.
Call ahead, depending on the season (definitely in the summer), they start selling crawfish at $16 a box at 6pm. It looks a little sketch, you have to literally grab a huge scooper and basically shovel hot cajun seasoned crawfish out of a large cooler (which everyone also scoops from), but for the price, the flavor, and the sheer amount, definitely worth a look-see if you're visiting NOLA. Remember, check before-hand, come on time, STUFF the box, and be prepared to get your hands dirty! 
Tip: fill the box until literally you almost can't close it anymore, and skip the corn and potatoesI had the worst experience here, where I was totally disrepected by 2 bartenders who works the grave yard shift. They names are Peter and Daniel (Dan). Everytime I come 2 the 3 legged dog, they always have a stank attitude towards me for no reason at all. I'm very disappointed that, I almost got into a fight with someone and both of the bartenders who's names listed above kept pushing me 2 where my phone was cracked and all messed up. I'm not stepping a foot in this place again, because how I was treated and handled. It was very unappropriate for them 2 put they hands on me or disrepect me in that way.Hidden gem it was what we heard from the locals. Amazing crawfish boil!!! $20 per container. Everyone was so nice and taught me how to eat them. So fun!!!Dory like the fish was a great bartender. Great prices and a fun time. Got to pet a dog and that makes any place a great place. The beer was cold and the tacos were good.It's a small divish looking bar with cool people. Nice bar staff who actually care about whether or not you're happy there. Great burger cooked by Pete. I'll definitely be coming back.I stumbled upon this place while walking back home. We stopped for a beer and found out they were having a Crawfish feed that night. So we stuck around to see what that was about. The bartenders we're hilarious and really friendly. They served us first since we sat there a good three hours waiting and chatting. The food was awesome! $20 gets you a loaded to go box. Well worth the wait. Good deals on beers too. Highly recommend.Total dive bar with what in my opinion is the best crawfish in the quarter! Nice and kick ass spicy and the pineapples in the boil set it off perfectly! There are no frills here just good food, drinks and cool folks! If you are looking for more and are one of those high maintenance types, go somewhere else and save the staff the headaches!It was our last night in NOLA and I needed to do some laundry because I wanted to wear my pajamas on the plane ride home (comfort over class). Asked the gentleman at our hotel's concierge desk if they had coin laundry in the building. They did not, but he said if I walked one block over and 2 blocks up, I'd find a bar called the 3 Legged Dog and they have laundry machines in the back. I said I'd never heard of such a thing, but I'd go check it out. I stuffed my and my husband's pjs in a bag, grabbed a bunch of quarters, and set out on a Sunday night adventure! What I found was a delightful dive bar, complete with interesting characters, two tough-but-warm bartenders, old skool heavy metal music, and a laundry room through a screen door in the back! I asked one of the bartenders if they sell laundry soap, and she said it was $1 a scoop and then asked if I needed to make change in quarters. I did not need quarters, so I just bought the soap. And a ginger ale (I don't drink alcohol). She scooped the powdered soap with a plastic cup and gave me that and my beverage. I got my laundry going, then set myself up at a table and folded origami while I waited. The melange of interesting folks, the amazing music, and the lack of Bourbon Street insanity made the 3 Legged Dog the best laundromat experience I've ever had! Actually, it was just a rather fun evening overall! When my laundry was done (piping hot from the dryer), I handed off an origami box to one of the lovely bartenders, thanked her for offering such a useful service, and headed back to the hotel. I'd seriously consider staying at the same hotel, Chateau Le Moyne, because of its proximity to the 3 Legged Dog! Totally not kidding!! Highly recommended for anyone who needs to do some laundry, drinkers and teetotalers alike!Mostly enjoyable night,  however some person that identifies as "Taz" that identified as an employee was very confrontational and inhospitable..Quite confrontational and not very good with customers. Pete and Justin did a fine job of dealing with guests. Will go back on their shifts but never if "Taz" is behind bar.This place is amazing! The bartenders (Blake and "Yellow" Catherine) are super friendly and attentive! 
Make sure you come early if you are here for their absolute STEAL DEAL for the crawfish!!! It's only $20 for a tray that you fill up!! And it can easily weigh between 3.5-4lbs!! 
Yes there are corns and sausages as well!! The flavors are so delicious and on point! 
Best part of my New Orleans trip for Crawfish!This corner bar was a short stop to our next stop.  It offered a quiet bar drink and snack.  The bartender was very helpful and offered their drink specials immediately.  The bar is dog friendly, hence the name.
The Boudin Egg Rolls where more like a BBQ Egg Roll but were tasty paired with a mustard dipping sauce.I really wanted this place to be a great little go to dive bar, but there are just so many great dive bars in New Orleans with great food to go back to this one. The vibe inside is exactly what you would expect when you hear dive bar. It was a good spot to watch the game with the large projector screen and the sound on, but the food we got was just not good. I got mozzarella sticks that were basically breaded string cheese, the cheese inside wasn't even melted. My husband got a bbq chicken sandwich that was essentially grilled chicken on a bun smothered in ketchup. Someone else in our group ordered a hamburger and the inside was completely raw. Maybe they are a good spot for late night crawfish, but I wouldn't recommend their other menu selections.Horrible service, 12 of us came in and ordered shots, after the tattooed female bar tender yelled at us, she told us we were being too loud and told us to leave.  Didn't realize that we were drinking at a library...horrible business practice from her, we will NEVER be back, and wouldn't recommend it to anyone!Great service, great place! Fast, and older crowd, so it's awesome to sit and talk in a relaxing way.$16/4 lbs (tax included) crawfish is the cheapest anyone can find within a stone throw distance from French quarter. However it is not offered everyday, and for only ~100lbs (25 customers). On valentine day it ran out within 30mins so they made another batch, but the wait is 2hours which is fine as our hotel is only 5 mins away. One fills the crawfish from a big cooler so at the end they are cold. 
As many reviewers have mentioned already the bartender is quite a personality. There are arbitrary rules and idiosyncrasies. He also took our twenty without bothering with the $4 changes.Came on Friday night and asked for crawfish boil, was told come back at 1130 on saturday for the midnight boil. We decided to head there a little early and arrived at 11:05  but crawfish was already gone. Why call it a midnight boil if you're gonna serve it before 11 and tell your customers it's at midnight?I only really go here late night and want a snack of typical bar food. Plus they're dog friendly which is always a selling point for me.Best crawfish in New Orleans! The juice from the crawfish head is absolutely amazing. Bartenders were friendly. Beer was refreshing. What more can you ask for.The crawfish was so good and people just came to eat crawfish here! Other things on the menu didn't appeal to me. The unpleasant thing is the place was dirty, especially the restroom.I wanted some crawfish and was hoping i would find the absolute best here in New orleans. Located right on bourbon street, it will cost you $20 but you can fill your plate till it cant close and you may be lucky enough to get some corn, potatoes and sausage. The services pretty much didnt exist. I walked in, paid for my crawfish at the bar was handed a to go plate and directed to a cooler of crawfish to serve myself. Flavor overall was lacking.I get that we are tourists, but if you dont want to serve us, just let us know.  Food looked good but the bartender never came over.Staff are awesome unfortunately Mouse scurried about after we purchased crawfish boil. Not sure how they are open, mouse thought crawfish was great !Found this spot online when looking for crawfish. Called the verify they had crawfish and upon answering the phone they said "3 legged dog we have crawfish at 6." Perfect. Apparently they only have crawfish boils on certain days and times. Show up at 5:55. A big cooler of crawfish, sausage, mushrooms, potatoes gets rolled out at 6. SO TASTY. Flavorful, just enough spice without being overpowering. Could have eaten so much more but they were out by 630! Needless to say it's a hot commodity and show up on time and call ahead to verify!! Highly recommend.This place has the worst bartender I have ever seen. My gf and I work in the night life industry and have never seen anything like this. 
We came in for some crawfish which were pretty awesome, so if you're into awful service and good food, this is your place. When asked for a food item from the menu the BT said that the kitchen was closed (dude it's a 24 bar). The cook came out and sat down behind the bar. My gf asked about the item and after a little back and forth conversation, he agreed to make us a few corndogs. The bartender got all pissy because the cook hurt his food and started to go off on us about how awful we are. But he didn't just stop there, he went to the back and told the cook they were to go and put the receipt in front of me and told me to get out as soon as possible. When the cook came out and I saw him walking for the first time I truly regretted asking because he appeared to have hurt his foot pretty bad. Had I have known it was that bad I never would have asked. REGARDLESS... there was no excuse to treat us that way. I hope if I ever decide to return to this place that he is not there at the time.Chill place to hang out, have some delicious crawfish (they give you a box for $20 and you fill as much of it as you can and still be able to close it. Full box holds about 3.5-4lbs), good beer on tap, and watch a game. Nice change of scenery away from busy bourbon street. Friendly staff and patrons.Best place. Dog friendly. Call ahead about crawfish. It's a seasonal thing and only at certain times.Freshest and largest crawfish that we have ever tried in New Orleans during the past three days. Since we are here for only four days, we had crawfish everyday. We called them to make sure they have crawfish available, coz yesterday they sold out at 7pm. They sold crawfish in a box, as much as you can fill up the box. We paid $20 for one extra full box. About less then $10 per lb?? Beer is 2 for one. At least one drink per person. Love the free and chill environment.I was rooting for this place but its a little too much of a hole in the wall. Its $20 for a container and u can scoop up a ton of crawfish, corn, mushrooms and potatoes. Its a good deal  but the taste isnt there. The crawfish is dumped out into a big cooler and it sits there and can smell a little funky. There is no sauce to it. Everything tasted ok but nothing to phone home about.  Seems chill bar thoI visited on a recommendation of a Lyft driver who told me this place was the best crawfish boil in town. I'm going to have to agree. I have NEVER had a boil this good...anywhere! The place is in a quiet corner in the French Quarter away from the hustle and bustle. It's a bar first and foremost. The boil is set out at 6 pm. You can't get crawfish here at any other time. Arrive maybe a half hour early and get a good seat. You can start with some ice cold beers. They sell bottled beer in pairs only so be prepared to down at least two. They have beer on tap too. The boil is $18 for around 3-4 lbs. They give you a clam shell styrofoam plate (think to go plate) and you can fill it as much as you can fill it one time only. I probably got around 5 pounds in mine. The flavor of the boil was amazing! It has corn, potatoes, sausage, garlic, hot peppers, onion, and mushrooms. You'll have to dig around for these as they are not plentiful. The star of the show are the critters. There is no table service and the place is very unpretentious. It has a very local flavor. The bar staff are very friendly and helpful. Be prepared to show ID when you walk in. It's required. This has to be the best experience I've ever had in NOLA. Don't waste your time at ACME. It's actually gone down quite a bit IMHO. This place is a little known gem.Great dive Bar just off Bourbon. Very friendly and attentive staff.  They made me feel welcome.  The 2 for 1 special was awesome. Great beer selection. A great bar to chill and have a fun time away from the cluster-f**k of Bourbon St.Deep on the historic backstreets of mysterious NOLA sits this gem of bar....clean, freshly rooted toilets, stiff drinks and good stories.  Rumor has it they have some weird crawfish shit going on too.Open 24 hours. Good bar food and two-for-one drinks. Prices are reasonable and pours are strong. This is primarily a locals' place- not many tourists venture in. They also have a reasonably-priced crawfish boil once or twice a week in season.Read the reviews and thought we would give this place a try on Friday night. We called prior to arriving to see if they were super busy and verified when the boil would be available. It was a ghost town when we walked in and there were only a few tables with torn up/unsteady stools. We weren't expecting a fancy restaurant or the cleanest place. We grabbed a table, sat there for about 10 minutes and then the bartender asked for our ID's from across the room. Instead of coming to our table we had to walk to the bar and show our ID's. After returning to our table we continued to sit there without being asked for a drink or anything. Needless to say we didn't stick around.Walked in and the atmosphere was highly captivating! From the crawfish to the sweet ambience that surrounds you as you mingle and sip on some of the finest spirits in the city! Myself and my wife being a local was very impressed on how they have portrayed our hometown! Can't wait to go back and enjoy another memorable night!The pulled pork with fries is the best meal I've had traveling and the lovely bartender was super generous with the drinks and the cannot stress how amazing the fries and pulled pork were. Definitely revisiting before our trip is done!Great staff. Crawfish boil delicious and plentiful. Staff were eager to wait on their customers. Will go back!Went to the crawfish boil they do at 6pm and midnight. We got there a little after midnight and they still had crawfish on a Saturday night. The bartender was awesome! Didn't put up with any shit. I was skeptical at first coming here after reading the reviews but seriously. One of the best bars here in Nola. If you can't handle a bit of shit talking, can't take a joke, or just too sensitive I do not recommend you go here. My husband and I absolutely loved it, wish we would have found it before the day we leave.So this place is not a "restaurant", it's just a regular bar, which honestly I have no problems with. 
If you want food, you order at the bar. Once your food is ready they'll yell out your name.
Now as to the crawfish, pay attention to when they have them available and the time. Call ahead of time if you want to play it safe. When I went, they had them available starting at 6pm. My friends and I showed up around 5:50pm, got a table, ordered some drinks and waited until they announced that the crawfish were ready. They'll give you a styrofoam take out container and you pack it with as much crawfish as you can get and take it to your table. 
Their crawfish is really tasty, the spices that they add are delicious. They cook them with potatoes, boudin, corn, and mini sausages. 
My friends and I really enjoyed the experience and if you're in NOLA try to take some time to go here and try it out for yourself.I was in town to celebrate the grueling competition of Wrestlemania. Craig gave it to me here. The crawfish boil is yummy and refreshed often. Make sure you get some garlic and pine fall. Hung out on Saturday night and was made to feel welcome despite being from out of town. Todd was a great entertainer.This place is a common looking bourbon street bar. There nothing really special about it besides the fact that it stays open late night. I'm giving this place two stars because they gave me a free birthday shot. Nothing more to see.MOUSE spotted running around the floor. Some previous reviews call this place dive bar-y, and they are def correct. This place is in gross dirty condition.  Crawfish boil was ok, but we just left immediately after noticing the mice right at our feet.This is clearly a local hangout. Did not feel welcome when we arrived and the crawfish were alright. Would not recommend if you're a tourist.My favorite dive bar in New Orleans. I come here for the crawfish and beer. Bring me back!!Woah...  just.....woah..... so found out about this gem from David Chang's Netflix series ugly delicious and as you can see in one of my pictures I'm with the owner and Joshua Martinez, who was the "waiter" from Galatoires and brought David to three legged.
I'm still not sure on what days and what hours they do their crawfish boil, we arrived at 10pm on a Saturday and we're told it begins at midnight. We decided with our never ending checklist of Nola stops to grab a Sazerac at the carousel bar, then come back.
We got back right before they brought the cooler filled with those delicious little Red Devils out. You get a large styrofoam container and fill it to the max for $20. 
We went to the back outdoor room when they cook these bad boys and got to see them starting round two for the 2am crowd.
Awesome experience!!Awesome dive bar, that has a fantastic crawfish boil during crawdad season. 
Great patrons and bar staff make the place a must visit, off the beaten path, but not too far off.Great first day in New Orleans. Todd came up to us and asked us if we'd ever had crawfish. Next thing we know, we are in the back room eating crawfish boil from a giant tub. Awesome experience. Great people!We came outside of crawfish season. I was super disappointed. Super dive bar. But nice friendly team that loves the bar. 2 for 1 drinks specials all day everyday. I will come back for crawfish to get a better idea of how amazing it's suppose to be. Has the shrimp jambalaya grits... they were okay. But better with beer. Good spot to soak up your drunken woes.Allow me to describe what we saw while having a drink at this bar during yesterday's NFC championship game (in order of nastiness...):
1. The bartender, who we're pretty sure was wasted, asked another girl (who I think was working there too - she was sweeping the floor and running food to customers while drinking a beer and smokin' a cig - multitasking!) to scratch her belly. No joke. The bartender literally came around to the patron side of the bar, lifted her shirt and the other girl stood face to face to her and scratched her belly and all around her waist line while the bartender said "ahhhh that feels good." 
2. A mouse on the floor near the dart board where we were sitting. Needless to say, we didn't finish our fried pickles. The mouse made several appearances.
3. The bathroom. Enough said.
Enjoy!The most amazing place to eat crawfish!! I can't explain what a cool, laid back atmosphere it is off the path of Bourbon. Check your ego at the door. Feel free to chill out, eat, and get great convo from some amazing bartenders!!twmmyThis place is awesome! Found it on yelp while looking for a place to get crawfish and was not disappointed. When you walk in it just seems like any other bar, but on the side they have a HUGE cooler filled with crawfish.  It was $16 per person and you serve yourself as much as you can fit in the take out container they give you. They also have great drink deals. Place was so good we went 2 days in a row.  Looks they they have their crawfish boils Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday at 6p. Come here if you want to get your fill without spending $20 and up for less at the bougie places in the French quarter.I. Love. This. Place. $16 for a heaping container of crawfish and $8 for two beers (doubles bar) made this New Yorker extremely happy. The crawfish were just the right amount of spicy and flavorful, and the beers, recommended by the bartender, went excellently with them (Abita's The Boot for the curious). Call ahead to see if they have crawfish (as of this posting, they have them MWThF at 6pm and Sa at midnight).Love this place !! Amazing place and great food! Guys behind the bar and the cook are awesome friendly and fun to chat with !!! We are thrilled to come back one day ...I came here for the first time a few months ago with some rowdy friends of mine, who were looking to score some midnight grub.  I had actually never heard of the place and I figured "oh well, what's the harm....??"  If you've ever read any of my previous reviews, you'll know that I have to learn to stop asking myself that question.  I ALWAYS get an answer and it's one that I don't really want....
What a dive this place is.  I mean, wow.  To start, there were some scary lookin' folks in here.  I mean, I guess it comes with the territory because it's in the Quarter and it's midnight.  Don't you know that the hideous creatures come out at night to feed?  Ugh, but these were really, really scary.  I recall two men in particular.  One of them was wearing a greasy, stained and littered with holes white tank-top and cut off jeans that were so short and tight, they even made Daisy Duke blush.  He was also rocking a pair of Crocs....with white knee socks....His partner-in-crime for the night also had a tank top on, pink, and some neon-green short-shorts that said Cancun on the a**.  They were stumbling around, grabbing on people; the bartender, who was a skinny kid resembling DJ Qualls from the movie, "The New Guy", kept trying to reprimand the two men, while maintaining the bar by himself.
The women in there were scary, too.  One woman had hair knotted up so high, she had to keep bobbing left and right to keep it from getting tangled in the ceiling fan.  Another ghoul of a woman noticed me when I walked in took a liking.  It sent chills down my spine.  She was smoking like a steam engine; her cigarette had about 4 inches of ashes still attached and her face looked crispy, like an autumn leaf or an old catcher's mitt.  She shot me a smile, which was equally disturbing.  I couldn't count how many missing teeth in all.  From where I was standing, it looked like she had a mouthful of Indian corn or a set of dice.  Snake eyes!
There are bras hanging from the ceiling by tethers.  Umm, what kind of women are taking them off in this place??  If it's anything like what I experienced, at least give me some head's up notice so I can vacate the premises.  Some things cannot be unseen!
Our group ordered food from the bar, it arrived about 20 minutes later and greasy as it was, it was ok.  That's about all I've got to say on this.
The bathrooms are in shambles.  Both bathrooms have no door handles and the doors don't close properly.  They both looked like they had been broken into by someone from the outside, which wouldn't surprise me much based on the characters I saw in here that night.  Once I got inside the bathroom, there was urine all over the toilet and walls.  Perhaps some customers were practicing to be firemen.  A couple of times, because the doors didn't close, people walked in on me.  That's always pleasant.  Worse, these folks walk in, realize that someone is in there already but they don't leave immediately.  It's like they are waiting to see if you're okay with it or not.  "Sure buddy, go ahead and use the sink....I'll be done here in a flash...."  Gross!
I'm not sure there is any real reason to come in here.  I've been living here since 2004 and this was the first time I had been in there.  I didn't feel like I was missing much when I left.  If it's food you're after, look elsewhere.  Might be worth a pop in just to exchange banter with the locals.  Whatever suits your fancy.This was a great dive bar for a crawfish boil in NOLA! We got there about 30 mins prior to get a table for 6. Got to sit in back room where the boil was cookin away. Beers were 2 for 1 deal to keep our party occupied. Once the crawfish were ready it got a little hectic with the ordering process at the bar. Everyone crowded around to pay and start filling up their containers with the boil. There was no need to rush though, there was plenty left over still and we all had our fill. First crawfish experience for me and I'd say it was pretty good, great seasoning and nothing over cooked. I still love my MD crabs better though :)Wonderful people!  Great food!  The manager made amazing "test" sliders and shared w all the patrons!  So good that I asked to buy a couple to take to my son.  He did! " on the house" That cool of a place!Best crawfish I had in New Orleans, I wanted to go back there two days in a row!  The bar interior is nothing to write home about but it's a good layback place to hangout and grab some beer while enjoying delicious crawfish. I just wish they serve it all day long so they didn't run out on the last day of my vacation lol.Absolute dive bar. Service is slow. Get there right when they do the crawfish boil it goes fast. Crawfish was cold and bland with no flavor. Drinks were cheap.I came to Three Legged Dog when visiting a friend in NOLA. I really wanted crawfish at the end of crawfish season and boy did they deliver! You pay one price and they give you a styrofoam box to fill up to your heart's desire as long as you can close the lid! In addition to the crawfish they have potatoes, corn on the cob, andouille sausage, everything you could want in a crawfish boil! The food was delicious. I ordered a beer with my food but they said they only sell them in pairs. That's the only thing I didn't like. I finished the first one but barely touched the second. Would definitely come back again for a bomb meal!I went on crawfish night. Loved the bartender. She was sweet and hilarious :)It's a wonderful place to sit and drink, especially during their excellent Crawfish Boil.Why the 3 star?? Well, right above the bar is this official looking 'notice' that read: '*sexual harassment will not be reported. It will however, be graded*'. It disappointed me so much. Made me so uncomfortable. I hope the management considers removing it. 
Un/fortunately I saw it at the end of my stay. Apart from that it was pretty fine.
Went in Christmas eve at about 7 pm. They were open, although not very crowded, and had food, though no crawfish. We had the cheesy hash browns and the battered mushrooms. The mushrooms were terrific. The hash browns were good, and I wish I hadn't asked for the cheese on top (it was overloaded for me). Ordering was slightly intimidating (confusing is probably a better word- I mean that I was not sure how to order and the hostess/bartender was talking to the group that was there- it's that find of an atmosphere- super relaxed), but then going up to the bar the bartender was very friendly and helped me with my order. A lot of food for the money. I'm sure it's a really fun place to hang out at most nights.Bomb crawfish boil! Ice cold beers! Plus, the service was on point! A must go to place when in NOLA!When I landed in NOLA. I had my mind set on getting a Cajun crawfish boil. I yelped a bunch of places. But I was just kind of drawn to this bar. 
When I got there, there weren't any free tables but all I saw was people with plates of crawfish. I could smell it in the air and I was excited. I walked over to the bartender and asked for an order of crawfish. He then hands me a styrofoam to go box (being from SF I haven't seen one for a long time, no judgement lol). 
He tells me $16 and I ask for some club soda. Paid him and he poured me a club soda. He then points me to a cooler, where I see ladles and a sign that says "no refills only one fill per order". 
I proceed to fill the to go box as high as could get it without walking away and leaving a trail of fallen soldiers (crawfish). I find a little spot to settle into, grad some napkins. 
My initial thoughts were, the smell was hypnotic, I could see half lemons and drum roll, pineapple slivers (I've never seen that as an ingredient). 
As I started peeling and eating, I noticed I only got a few over cooked crawfish, the rest were perfectly boiled. I even went for a few claws of the large crawfish. (Btw my mouth is watering as I write this, as I am back in SF )
My only 2 complaints. Less the 5th star
1. I wish there was more juice of the boil I could have added to my box. 
2. There boils are time limited, which I am sure is for quality control. 
M-Thu 6pm
Fri-sun 12am
I want moreI love this place. Dive bar, good music, reasonably priced drinks and last but not least...awesome crawfish!  You can't find crawfish prepared to perfection like this in Chicago so you know I had to come here twice during my trip to NOLA.The crawfish ring to die for omg so delicious and good customer service. Good for group me and a friend shared.DODGY PLACE! PLEASE AVOID! this place has double charged me whilst i was on my HONEYMOON with my wife! They refuse to acknowledge the evidence eg. bank statements and have simply said "contact your bank." i hope this message reaches enough people and that they cannot do this to anyone else. There are so many other places that serve the same foods with better service, why risk being screwed over!Great bar with absolutely phenomenal service staff!
Went in here to watch the end of the Georgia/Alabama game on Saturday evening.  Lots of people who just wanted to Roll Tears and Beat Bama (my kind of place)!  It was a pretty small crowd for a Saturday, as the regular crowd shuffled in...
Sorry, got ahead of myself.  Sat down with one of my favorite locals and ordered some tots.  Really wanted to try one of their daily specials, but they were already sold out.  No worries.  Ordered a double shot of tots, with some Smokey O dressing and Nacho Cheese to enjoy as our dipping sauces.
The pours were deliciously spot on, and the game -- while not the outcome we were looking for -- was well celebrated throughout the bar.
Also, not to bury the lead too much, THE TOTS ARE AMAZING.  Perfect amount of salt and crisp.  I just can't wait to return during crawfish season, supposedly they're one of the first and best in the business.On avait une petite faim et ma femme une envie de frites. On s'est donc arrêté ici.
Frites vraiment pas super, on a choisi le mauvais cheval. Très grasses et pas assez bien cuites. Aucun goût.
Le service était vraiment pas efficace.Best Bayou bang for your buck, hands down!
$20 to fill up basically a 4 pound plate of crawfish. Dog friendly which was even better. 2 for 1 beers was so necessary to wash it all down. Strawberry lagers hit just the spot. 
Friendly service, happy customers, good vibes all around at this true local dive bar experience! Would definitely come back since they're 24/7 as well.Alcohol and unlimited well enough crawfish for a sitting!??? Yessss I'm coming here every time I goto New Orleans!! Please go they have a whole freezer full of warm ready to suck and munch crawfish during-crawfish season!! Not sure during other months. Do the deed! WhoopI was very excited to try this place just to find out it was horrible. They make it seem like it's great as you can eat fill up the box as much as you want. The Crawfish is kept in a nasty old cooler that is so dry and doesn't stay warm as it's not keep closed. The Crawfish has no flavor, not Cajun, not Vietnam style, just plane Jane. You would think they would at least have some seasoning, butter and some Limon wedges. Also, the place is so small you have to wait to get a seat during peak hours. Not worth it, at all.The staff here is very disrespectful, especially the bartenders. I stood waiting for 15 min to order a drink an was completely ignored.  The bar stinks, smells like sewer. Not properly managed at all. I emailed the manager(Kimmie Fullsm Blake) about my experience and she was just as rude as the staff. Just an ugly attitude. Never coming back. :(Exactly what I was looking for! Divey and delicious. Def. a locals hangout. Heaping boxes of spicy crawfish daily (in season), 2-for-1 drinks all day, every day.First time in NOLA. A friend recommended this bar from her last visit so we gave it a try since this town is known from their crawfish.  Definitely call first in regards to the crawfish dining.. This was a dive bar which I love. We got there early which is a plus, gotta grab your seats because when the crawfish is ready, the bar does get crowded. Bartender were pretty awesome and you can't beat the prices on the alcohol beverages. They give you a to go styrofoam container and you just have to fill it up and that's it! It was delicious! Great flavor and was approximately 3 lbs of crawfish/sausages/corn. A must go place!!Ok little spot to eat  on your way down to the main drag.  You really should have a veggie burger.  
My buddy had the plate of crawfish and he said it was good.  It was quite a lot of them.Food was great bar looked closed but let me get to the point. I got to comfortable and seen a rat skate cross the floorWe decided to go to Three Legged Dog after watching the show "ugly delicious " and while it was a great place to break the monotony of doing touristy things in NOLA, and a great way to meet the locals, the food and the place itself were quite a let down.
This place is essentially a bar, but I am reviewing it purely on the basis of food-
They have two batches of crawfish boil that they churn up at 6pm and midnight, which is brought out in a big styrofoam box and you are given a take away box in which you fill up as much as you want (on one side, only once ) for $16. It seems like a pretty great deal if the fact that there are mice running around the place does not bother you.
We saw how the crawfish is prepared and while the chef(slash partner slash fellow bartender) was incredibly gracious to take us through the whole process, I couldn't help but imagine rat poo touching the crawfish while they were sitting in a mesh basket on the floor!
It's definitely not a gourmet experience but also definitely not a sanitary one. 
We found the flavor of the crawfish boil .to be a little underwhelming too.
Go here if you are looking for a place off the beaten track to get a couple of drinks, watch some basketball and have a great conversation with the people who run this place, but I am sure there are way better places in the French Quarter to get better crawfish boil.Just in town and wanted a "local" bar that just had beer and great food. This is definitely the place. Great food, great bartenders and fun locals. Highly recommendAfter walking around in the rain all day I got in the mood for some crawfish  
When we got to the bar they said crawfish was being prepared and would be ready around 5:30/6pm. It was 4:50 so we decided to have a couple of drinks while we waited. This bar is really small, but it had a really cool feel. The bartender was very nice. Their bottled drinks were two for 1 (which was nice). 
We ordered some tater tots with cheese, gravy and jalapeños and they were soooooo good. 
At last the crawfish were ready and they were definitely worth the wait. They were delicious. 
We also got to witness a wedding passing through the front of the bar, that was pretty neat too!Fun little place with good crawfish.   Reasonably priced and with community seating it's a great place to meet tourists from all over the country.Crawfish is an absolute must have! Added another day to our stay just to have it. The staff is amazing and an absolute pleasure to talk to!One of few places serving boiled crawfish.  We searched everywhere and it did not disappoint. Be sure you find out what time they serve.  When we visited in mid-May, they served at 6PM and 10PM.  Arrive a half hour early and get a seat at the bar.  
The place is dumpy and run-down looking but people are friendly and service was great!  It's a small venue that has something special going.  It was packed!Great lil dive bar. Stumbled in (literally) had drinks & found out about the crawfish boil. So fresh & delicious. Service was great.Oh baby.... we came in here after drinking all day and it was HOT!  At first I thought it smelled like wet dog.  (I had the dog name in my head) but then found out it was the crawfish boil.  We were there to try our hand at crawfish.  The bartender was so very nice and showed us how to eat them and dang..... we were off!  They were delicious!  The beer was cold, the crawfish were amazing what more could a girl want?  Oh... Gatoraide you say??? Well shoot they have it on the drink gun! 
If you're visiting NOLA.... you better stop here.Can't write a post regarding the food but definitely can about the service!! Before we could get in, the door was blocked by a bunch of people that either knew the staff or owner. I say this because they went in to the establishment with no troubles. Once we found where the entrance was, we proceeded to head to the doors were some lady that works there was blocking the entrance. She asked who we know and where we were from, when responding where we are from she pushed me out of the door way and slammed the entrance door on my wife and I. Totally disrespectful!! Nothing more was done or said. We will not be eating at this place till the owners get staff that treat customers with respect no matter where they are from!!How can one pass up going to a bar called Three Legged Dog? This bar is called 3 Legged Dog but it serves boiled crawfish in a dive like setting. That is a trifecta of magnificence. I was wandering the Quarter at night and came across this bar. I went in and had a great drink and for $16 got me some boiled crawfish and went to work. Dark, divey and fun. Take your two leggeds and head over to the three leggeds.Marginal food. Consistently terrible service. Chefs curse so loud they can be heard at the bar. Regulars are loud and annoying. The only positive is the 2 for 1 drink special. Joined just to warn people away from here.It's a dive. 24 hours, all bottles beers and alcohol are 2 for 1. Favorite of service industry, locals, and lost tourists.Bottled beer comes in sets of two, pours are double, drafts are single. Bottle prices were fairly standard if maybe a little high at 4.25 for a local IPA. Food menus are up but atmosphere for food is a little uninviting; we weren't sure if the kitchen was open. There are some arcade and lottery games to play. Bartender was nice and shot some flies with her salt gun.I'm so glad a local recommended Three Legged Dog for FRESH SPICY CRAWFISH.  Hot damn it was delicious.  Best time to go is at 6pm daily that's when they make fresh batches and go with friends so one can grab a table while the other is scooping spoonfuls of crawfish, corn and sausages in a togo container.  No refills so scoop as much into the container as possible.  This place is hands down a must in NOLA and the Abita Purple Haze beer is my favorite.  I'm drooling just thinking about the crawfish.Tried to go to this place 2 times this weekend. Boarded up both times. If it were open we would've given more stars.Loved it!!! First time Crawfish boil and didn't let down!!!!! Definitely a place you will never forget. Small but great!!!Three legged dog is a MUST. I added a second day to my trip just to be here for the crawfish. Tim is a pleasure and an artist when it comes to the mud bugs, don't even get me started on the conversational eloquence this man exhibits with every sentence. You'll feel like a regular within moments and regret your departure date knowing you'll be setting three legged dog in the rear view.The people are cool, music is good, but don't get the crawfish it was bland. It's a quick place to grab food but don't expect anything grand!