***YES***YES***YES***I***LOVE***LOVE***LOVE***
Oh yes,
the scorpion bowl, the piña colada (as I never drunk it before), fried shrimp taco and the Jell-O-Shots/gummy tiki cocktails ( which is an ounce of distilled spirit or any cocktail converted into a gummy bear) we had the pineapple and rum one. :-) :-) :-) all orders were delicious !!!
........ All served by a very friendly bar mixer!
The interior is fun and has its own interpretation of a Tiki bar, my two girl-friends and me had a fantastic evening.
there is no more to say then: 
YES YES YES I LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!
Perfect for a group of friends or a romantic date. Everything is right!!! Don't miss it if you are living in New Orleans or visiting. 
The French Quarter Tiki bar is small enough to keep an intimate ambience, and big enough to party with your friends. 
Beautiful-Non-Commercial!!!
Tiki Tolteca would become one of my regular hangout, if I were a New Orleaner :-)
Enjoy!!! :-)Great place to go after work for industry people with a 11-2 happy hour. Def recommend the one-two punch and what an asprin!I love everything about this place. Great vibes and great bartenders. What more can you ask for? I would recommend spinning the wheel to choose what drink you get. Each spin/drink cost $10 but there are 3 chances to get a free shots or a free drink. Seems like a better deal unless you land on smirnoff ice. 
We tried all 3 gummy bears and my favorite was the mai tai. The drinks here aren't too overly sweet which I was afraid of. 
FYI - this place is above felipes. You will have to go through the staircase in the back to find this hidden gem.We walked into this bar last night - December 12th,  after we were refused service at another bar because of our group size.
The bartender, who's name I didn't get, didn't blink an eye.  He made cocktails - and put on show - right down to the mocktail we ordered. 
We were out looking for an amazing cocktail experience and he delivered.I really want to like this place; they have a really cool concept with interesting drinks; however the excitement stops there. But because of the service, and the environment the rude bartenders create, I will never go back. I went recently with a group of girls celebrating a bachelorette party. This was at the beginning of the night, none of us were drunk, we're all a little bit older, so we were very quiet and tame, as far as groups of girls go. 
The bartenders were nothing but rude to all of us. I hate nothing more than an entitled bartender. You're in the service industry... in the quarter... Anyway, the bride to be wanted a picture at each bar she went to, and we asked the bartender in a nearly empty bar if he could either take a picture or be in the picture, and his responses were beyond rude. 
Also, my friend asked for change for a $20, and the bartender completely forgot, and made her sit and wait for 15 minutes while he did other things. My friend just patiently waited. and when the bartender realized he forgot, he wasn't even apologetic. 
Don't waste your money on this place, go to Latitude 29 where the bartenders are nice and accommodating, the drinks are better at Latitude anyway in my opinion.Has great cocktails and the atmosphere is spot on music and all....very laid back and chill if you want to get away from all the craziness from all the tourist.Why a tiki bar in New Orleans? So, first, are you a Lonely Planet person or a Fodor's?  If you're the former, I think I've already said enough. But seriously, this is a great find.  Maxton, chief bartender and the bar manager, came from French 75 and was nominated for a James Beard Award last , year, and is an awesome craft cocktail mixologist. Ask for an S.O.S. cocktail If you like rum or, honestly, even if you don't.  No sh*t, it's a nice, stiff, cocktail that's not overly sweet. Also ask for the St. L'orange. It's not only a great cocktail but there's also a cool story behind it involving a cat. Mostly, come here for a great vibe, easy going people, and, of course, great cocktails. You've got to find it first, though. I'll leave that up to the other reviewers.I don't really want to tell people about this place, but this place is da bomb!!! Maxton Kennedy, a James beard nominee, makes phenomenal drinks, is easy on the eyes, and super friendly. Come here for bachelorette parties, special occasions, or just because!! I feel like I work here and am trying to advertise, but I'm not, my fiancé were just walking by looking for an awesome place to have some amazing drinks at a non-pretentious place, and we we found it!!!Stopped by on a visit to New Orleans. Liked the atmosphere. The bartenders were knowledgeable about the large variety of tiki drinks and helpful in selecting. The only downside is their small beer selection. I love cocktails but my bf is a beer drinker and there wasn't much to choose from. Can't fault them too much because it's a cocktail bar. I'd definitely check it out if in New Orleans and want to try something different than a slushy on the street!This is a must-go tiki bar. The bartender obviously cares about his craft of creating a fantastic tiki experience. Top notch drinks, excellent presentation, a fun atmosphere that makes you want to stay for another drink, and a playlist that completes the whole experience. This place will become a regular stop on our future trips to New Orleans.Take a ride up on the Elevator of Doom to an amazing hidden tiki paradise right above the French Quarter! Or just take the entirely non terrifying stairs if you are feeling squeamish. Either way the drinks are a slice Tiki heaven and well worth the journey. My wife and I visited with a friend last week and tried several of their signature beverages including the Last Guinea Pig, the Seaward, the Painkiller, as well as their takes on the Aku Aku Zombie and the Mai Tai. We didn't get to try our luck on the Wheel of Drinks (winner gets a Scorpion Bowl which is a super value, the loser a malt liquorY Smirnoff Ice). The bartender, Brian is exceptionally knowledgable on his tiki drinks, and he even let us taste test a new secret concoction which was fantastic and aromatic which may soon make an appearance here. Great decor, great ambience, and great music (whether you dig surf or Slayer they got it all) compliment a selection of seriously delicious cocktails. Hope to come back soon.This place is absolutely unbelievable. We got a Painkiller and a King Thistle and they were both amazing. We also got the gummies, which were also delicious. Super friendly bartender, super cute decor - do yourself a favor and pay this place a visit.The bar itself is beautiful.
We looked at a menu..
Can we try the wheel of happenstance?
- We don't have it.
Can we try the gummis?
- I don't have those in.
May I buy a postcard to send?
- We don't do that anymore.
So one entire side of the menu was void, admittedly the part that brought us in. The bartender was less than engaged. We wont be back and this place honestly couldn't care any less.I'm not a big bar-hop, but if I lived in NOLA, I would frequent this place. I rally liked the look and the drinks.The update to my review reflects my recent conversation with business owner Pike. Not only was he willing to remedy and address bartender on his approach towards patrons inquiries. 
I was invited back to make sure this time around my experience withstood the highest expectations that the Tolteca family has of its staff and products.
Unfortunately Im not a local and will need to take a rain check on that offer. But do appreciate the effort on managements behalf to ensure customers are happy. 
Love the effort!Loved it here. Been meaning to come here for awhile. The bartender whose name I forgot to ask was amazing. Literally the only save after my experience downstairs and the only reason I'll ever eat at Felipe's again. We spent several hours here and had half a dozen drinks and some shots and gummies. We only left because if we stayed we were going to spend another hundred bucks. Honestly, will come back but 75% of the reason to see the bartender again. 
A year later.... wow. What happened to you guys? You guys updated the menu again by removing more items. It didn't exactly speed up the service. The best thing about the place is Michael, which was the only reason we came back, and to our dismay got stuck in a booth. Not that it mattered, he was so overworked and understaffed he wouldn't have been chatty and witty anyway. Another guy was there. Red shirt. Middle aged. Clearly worked there. I use that term loosely. He was only interested in other tables, literally every single other table besides ours until we ordered a $40 drink. Then we warranted passing attention. Shame it took thirty minutes to get that drink and another fifteen for the second and final drink. Seriously, get more staff. I'll probably be back but I'll call ahead to see who's working and if there's not room at the bar, I'll just go to Lucy's on Tchoupitoulas. They not only have great bartenders but they have the support staff necessary to run a bar. Michael, if you quit and go somewhere else - let us know; we'll follow you anywhere, even to The Saint.Hot buttered rum was delicious. Love the atmosphere. We are from SF and have a great selection of tiki bars there, but tiki tolteca gives them a run for their money! Great find on a rainy Sunday night and Sierra was super friendly!So glad we found this place!!! We went back two nights in a row hehe We went on a Sunday and Monday night and both nights were very mellow. The decor is awesome with tiki heads along the walls and tropical curtains. The drinks were the best we had the whole time we were in NOLA. They're a great mixture of rums- bitter, sweet, or spicy depending on your liking; and, they all come in varying tiki glasses. Our to go cups were shrunken heads (this a limited time thing). Prices were great for what you got ($7-$11). You HAVE to get the tiki gummies! We got all 3 flavors, and boy do they sneak up on you! Bartenders were all awesome. We will definitely be back in the future!Excellent drinks. Tiki drinks aren't typically my thing, but these are very good.  All of the standards that you've heard of before, but made with care and not just pumped out of a slushie machine.  
The staff has been super friendly on the two occasions that I have been here, but they can get quickly over worked.  If you have a few people with you, you are better off ordering all of your drinks together.  They seem to make things faster in groups.  
It's a pretty chill bar, dark and fairly quiet.  A place that you would go for some conversation and drinks.Eh. Cool ambiance. Rude bartender. Okay drinks... maybe go on a busier night........ maybe.4.5 rounding up.
It was Day 3 of our self-guided tour of NOLA cocktail bars, and tonight was reserved for tiki. Although we first stopped at a more famous tiki establishment next door, we were told by the surly hostess there that we weren't allowed to wait for a spot at the bar, so we left and came here instead. Well, there were plenty of seats at the bar at Tiki Tolteca, which I didn't really understand because this is A Very Cool Place.
This bar will always hold a special place in my heart because it was here that I discovered my love for tiki drinks. You see, although I've always loved tiki style, I'd steered clear of tiki drinks for one very stupid reason--I hate coconut. I had always assumed (what a noob) that tiki drinks are all filled with coconut (I mean...in my defense...they ARE often served in coconut shells!). So it was with trepidation that I read over the menu and finally said "OK, I guess...I'll just have the zombie."
My first zombie. What a moment. It's not often in one's 40s that one discovers something new and exciting, but here it was . It was always there and I was TOO BLIND TO SEE! I. Loved. That. Zombie. My God...the FLAVOR! And NO coconut at all! Just layer after layer of rum and spice and citrus and more rum and even more rum...it was one of the best cocktails I had ever had. After two full days of drinking in New Orlean's finest bars, and here was a revelation. I tried Husband's Dr. Funk, and holy shit...I loved that, too!
And so it was that my current tiki obsession was born...in a nearly empty tiki bar above a Mexican restaurant. To be honest, if the bartender had been a bit more sociable, he could have probably reeled me into sitting there for the rest of the night throwing all my money at him, I was so happy. But as other reviewers have mentioned, there's not a lot of warmth coming from behind the bar at this establishment, which is why I dropped them half a point. Still, how can I give such a mind-opening experience less than five stars?! Thank you, Tiki Tolteca, for introducing me to one of my new favorite things.The Tiki gods have answered my prayers! New Orleans now has a fabulous Tiki bar, with just the right dark Polynesian atmosphere that's straight outta Trader Vics circa 1965. My mom would always regale me with stories about her times at Hawaii Kai in Manhattan in the 60s. As a child, I'd cherish our annual trips to Mai Kai in Fort Lauderdale (which still exists, apparently!) Fun fact: About 5 years ago, I was a featured bartender in Inked Magazine where I talk about making Tiki drinks (you can see the photo in my profile), as I worked in a Tiki bar in NYC (Waikiki Wally's RIP).
So, yeah. I'm a lover all things Tiki, though I have to admit, I hate loathe and despise sweet drinks for obvious reasons, but hell, it's a Yelp review so I'll just come out and say it: usually sweet drinks mask cheap liquor. Usually sweet drinks are meant for people who aren't drinkers and can't stand the taste of alcohol. And last but certainly not least, sweet drinks mean for inevitable hangover. I pride myself on being a veteran drinker and at most, get one hangover a year. In fact, my year anniversary of my last hangover is coming up. July 4. 
The fabulous thing is, Tiki Tolteca offers up *craft* Tiki drinks. Yes, you're reading that correctly. Look at my menu photos that detail the ingredients! They even offer up little stories with each drink. Their cocktails don't only feature rum, but such lovely spirits as my beloved Mezcal, and my much less beloved caçaca. I settled on a Hemingway Daiquiri, which is frozen and perfect because it's not a fruit daiquiri, so not filled with artificial nonsense, just lime, rum, & maraschino liqueur. And potent, seeing as I was feeling a nice buzz after two.
They also have a menu feature small plates with a tropical flavor. DO NOT PASS UP THAT CHOCOLATE TRUFFLE DESSERT. The Tiki gods command it, too. Seriously. It really is the stuff of the gods. Chocolate, coconut, banana sauce... 'scuse me while I talk in tongues. I look forward to going back and trying the sweet corn tamales (vegetarian!). No crab rangoons, though, thankfully (created at Don the Beachcomber and now for some reason is expected on any given Chinese restaurant menu for some perplexing reason).
Oh!! Be sure and order a High Life, if you're so inclined, so you can get the full bottle service experience. This is no joke. They serve it in Champagne glasses and ice your bottle. Luckily my drinking partners indulged so I didn't have to.
More fun trivia. You may see in my profile that my current (and forever) crush is Howard Hughes. Apparently there's a tale of him drinking one too many zombies at Don the Beachcomber and then killed a pedestrian with his car. Bad Howie!! I hope it's not true. But yeah, beware the ENTIRE ZOMBIE MENU (seriously. TIki Tolteca has an entire zombie menu!!)
What's next Tiki Tolteca? Maybe scheduled thunderstorms over a lagoon a la San Francisco's Tonga Room?This is a great dive bar.   
Best Mai Tai since Hilton Hawaiian Village in Waikiki!!!
Found his place on 1st day in New Orleans.
Will be coming back during the rest of my trip!Awesome place for tiki cocktails!!!  They did a great job on the interior, and the drinks are totally off a classic tiki menu.Any tiki bar that offers several kinds of Mai Tai's and Zombie's is alright in my book.  I also enjoyed the "punny" drink names.  The drinks themselves were legit and well balanced tiki drinks.
The only thing I didn't care for was the atmosphere.  It was quieter compared to some other bars, which I actually liked since you can carry on a conversation.  But the decorations themselves are a bit sparse, so you don't quite get that dark, tiki vibe.  However, shortly after I visited Tiki Tolteca, they closed for renovations, so hopefully, they renovate with a better tiki vibe.Best damn Tiki Bar in NO. The drinks are all hand made by expert mixologist.  Don't settle for street auto-blender drinks.  Come get a real drink!Terrible drinks (taste like herbal medicine) stinky service, well non-existent service. No greeters, no hellos... Nothing. I'll be back to Latitude 29!Found out about this spot from Twitter and on my latest trip to NOLA had to check it out. They are typically only open a few days a week but since it was TOTC, they were open all weekend. Hooray for that!
By the time we got here, we had been drinking all day so we were in for a drink and some snacks and were out. But we loved it! The tiki atmosphere is totally there and the service was great. We all had the mai tai because that's the best way to gauge whether or not a tiki bar has it right. Lo and behold - it was spot on and we happily drank our mai tais and had a snack of ceviche before heading out for the rest of our night.
Definitely putting Tiki Tolteca on my regular list of spots to hit in NOLA.I really liked this place but I can't say too much.  The drinks were good, but pricey.  It was really cold in there.  Cool vibe, good drinks, but nothing to write home about.
I would definitely check it out, especially if you are in a group.  I think it was just an off night when we went because it was kind of dead and bleh in there.Daniel is an artist in garnish AND conversation. Cheers! (And I got a bit of an education in spirits in addition.)This year I have been reunited with my love of all things tiki. I wanted a big tiki bar birthday blowout with classic (read: not sickening sweet) drinks, 60's music, and an atmosphere where all my friends could hang out and have a blast. Well I didn't get my birthday party, but I did get Tiki Tolteca this summer and it almost makes up for everything else. I love this place so much. It is without a doubt my summer crush. It is only open Tuesdays and Thursdays for now, but these have been some of my best Thursdays. Its location still a bit of a secret, I feel like I stepped into a secret clubhouse at the top of Felipe's. The bartenders and staff are friendly and pretty attentive. I am partial to the lady DJ who tends to spin less Bob Marley and more 60's beach tunes, but as long as they are serving craft tiki cocktails my friends and I are happy in this dim lit oasis. With a full menu of Mai Tai and Zombie variations, two pages of other tiki classic twists, as well as a page of small plates, this is the best place to get away from everything else in your busy icky life. I also highly recommend staying for "Mai Time". At 11pm for their last open hour, they have a menu of Mai Tais for $5 apiece.  Go on Tuesdays! (Thursdays are my night)Loved the atmosphere but I couldn't get a drink! Bartender was too busy washing glasses! Went to another bar...Tiki Tolteca was my final bar destination for my trip to New Orleans. With Lat 29 right around the corner, and reading Tiki Tolteca was over a Taco Stand, it wasn't too high on my list of bars to visit. I had a little time left and room for one  more drink, so what the hell. I ended up hanging out at the bar for a couple hours. It was a relatively slow night, but everyone who came through sat around the bar and talked to each other. I met folks from Birmingham, San Francisco and locals as well. The bartenders kept the energy up for it being a slow night and were happy to talk tiki and make recommendations for other fun drinking spots next time I'm in town. They might not be the highest quality tiki drinks, but in my opinion the customer service / communal aspect of the bar was top notch. And... the drinks we're certainly good enough. They had a nice assortment of non-traditional tiki drinks on the menu and they knew what they were talking about Tiki-wise. It was the perfect send off from NOLA. Also... the tacos downstairs were just what I needed for the walk back to the hotel.Phenomenal experience! The bartenders were warm, accommodating, and professional. The drinks are delicious and ordering from the taqueria downstairs is a godsend. 
Tiki Tolteca is one of the best bar experiences I've ever had. If you enjoy drinking and enjoying a relaxed atmosphere, please visit.This is a hidden gem! And soon to be a bigger and noticeable according to the bartenders. The atmosphere is great! I love the tiki bar look and it's different from what you get on Bourbon. But the star of this place are the drinks! I had the Mai tai and it was perfect.. My husband had a tequila drink and that was yummy too. This place is a definite stop!There are pros and cons to this place. It can accommodate a larger group and its a more traditional bar. They have great happy hour specials! $5 mai tais can't be beat! It's a super cute bar with a nice clean bathroom and lots of seats. My only complaint is when we came by at around 6pm, there was only one bartender and he was really rude. He ignored several of our people and when a pregnant woman asked if he could make her something non-alcoholic, he said no. How can you refuse to make a pregnant lady a non-alcoholic beverage?! So we loved almost everything about our experience here except the bartender.As far as tiki bars goes, this New Orleans French Quarter spot kinda blows.
I've been to most of the tiki bars in the country and this, for me, has been the most disappointing.  I feel like anybody who 'five-stars' this place hasn't been to a good tiki bar anywhere else.  It feels like the owners wanted to own a tiki bar because they were trendy but they don't really know much about what makes a tiki bar great.  Namely, the drinks.   
The ambiance is pretty weak, the drinks aren't very tasty, and those gummy tiki head things are atrocious.  
A much, much, MUCH better option would be to head back downstairs, turn left on Decatur and walk about a hundred feet to Beachbum Berry's Latitude 29.  Those bartenders really know how to make a tiki drink.Absolutely horrible service. Will never go back. Sat down and they gave us a menu. Then never came back to get order. Do not go here! Service lacks to an extreme. Absolutely no southern hospitality. Whoever owns need to reevaluate their employees!Whether you are visiting New Orleans or are a local this is a must do. You have to walk through a taco restaurant  and go upstairs to get to this tiki paradise, but once you're there you feel like you have been transformed to an island paradise. From the music to the decor to the bartenders to of course the cocktails this place is top notch. We spent hours here trying so many different cocktails and have no regrets. They have a good variety of cocktails for various palettes (I like sweet, while my fiancé likes strong) and they are willing to make you something off the menu to suite your tastes as well. The blue Hawaiian, painkiller, and mai tais were all delicious! They also have alcohol infused gummies which are worth a try. While the cocktails aren't cheap if you stay for four hours like we did they are quality and every cocktail looks like it belongs on an Instagram feed. They also have different specials everyday. We sat at the bar, but they have tons of lounge areas as well. Be sure to check them out, even if it's for just one drink...you won't regret it! :)We came upon this place while in New Orleans one day.. Obviously not what one thinks about as a New Orleans meal.. Lol.. The food is good, the place is clean and open, there is a separate bar area and you can even sit near the windows with a partial view out toward the Mississippi River ... Order nachos and have them add your favorites... It's pretty darn good! LolTiki Tolteca is probably one of my top 3 favorite bars ever. My first experience there was Sunday night, and I loved it! The bartender Danny was super nice, took time to listen and deliver great cocktails. He never once looked frustrated, and encouraged us to do fun things like spin the wheel, buy an extra edible flower, etc. He even made my drinks extra bitter for me! (I have a weird love of bitter drinks). I can't wait to come back to NOLA and drink here again! What a fun bar.It is seldom that I am underwhelmed by a tiki bar. But I have to say, overall, I was not that impressed with this one. My bf and I stopped in one night and ordered a drink to share, as we were already getting a little soused. The bartender looked disinterested and bored, and did not crack a smile or engage us in any way. He had the personality of a piece of cardboard, which is not typical of a tiki bar at all. I have yet to go to one and find such a surly welcoming committee. 
The bar itself is actually very lovely, and HUGE. I think it has a bit too much space, given how empty it was when we walked in. But who knows? Maybe it gets busier over the weekend. I am not really sure. It is, however, well-decorated, and about as tiki-fied as you can get. Bonus points for the decor and seating. They also have an interesting spin-the-wheel game, for those who can't decide what to drink. 
The next night, I visited once again, and the bartender that night was much more engaging and friendly, cracking jokes and bantering with the patrons sitting at the bar. The only downside? They were out of the liquor gummies I wanted to try, and they were also out of their house-aged rum they use to make their strong Mai Tais. Oh, well. The drinks he made for us were good, though. Made up for the experience the night before, anyway!After reading all my friends' 5 star reviews, I was expecting to be wowed, but the drinks I tasted (during Tales so maybe they were overworked?) were all way too sour. We had the classic Mai Tai, a Hurricane and ...something smokey tasting. The hurricane was actually the best of the drinks. The mai tai was so sour that it tasted more like a margarita, definitely not what I was expecting. 
As for the atmosphere, it's very warehouse-y with a bunch of decorations slapped around. And while there was table service, they were a bit overwhelmed while I was there. The prices are good for the size of the drinks.
Maybe I just need to go back when it's not Tales.Myself, my wife, and another couple visited on a slow Saturday afternoon, 8/19/17. The bartender Zacaria, was without a doubt the worst bartender I have ever encountered, and believe me I have encountered a few. From reading some of the other reviews it sounds like several people have been unlucky enough to have been " served" by him. 
When one of us asked for a drink not on the menu, he just said rudely " We don't make that." When my wife asked " So what would I like to drink do you think?" he answered, "I don't know what you like."
He was one of the rudest, most unprofessional bartenders any of us could remember ever encountering.
To top thinks off,  when we went downstairs to talk to the manager, we were told the manager was too busy to talk to us.
Typical place that knows they will get tourist traffic and doesn't need repeat customers.This bar was recommend by a local. If you like the tiki bar feel this place reminds me of Trader's Vic from the vibe of the place and the drinks. The staff was nice, however the only option you really have is drinks. 
If you want food, they have a menu for the Mexican restaurant downstairs. You have the ability to order food and pick it up from the bar. There was no music or entertainment, just drinks. 
If you're looking for an intimate place to go, this is your place. However, I was looking for more of a fun vibe with music and food options. I may have been looking for that Trader's Vic vibe with food, music, and drinks. Definitely not a bad place if you're looking for the intimate Tiki environment. It might get rowdy later, I was day drinking...Delicious drinks, cool tiki atmosphere. The Hurricane is like no other we tasted in New Orleans.3.5 stars -- rounded up to 4 for uniqueness!
This tiki bar is a little hidden gem. It's located upstairs from the Mexican restaurant (Felipes) on the corner. I love the interior decor - they have anything from couches to wooden benches! Plenty of comfortable seating of your choice. The lighting is dark and they have really cool tiki-style lamps hanging from the ceiling. I love that it wasn't very crowded nor loud, so we could talk amongst ourselves without straining our voices. It's also very clean for a bar.
My friends and I ordered a flaming punch bowl concoction and it was amazing-ly strong. Not the best tasting but hey when it gets the job done, I ain't complaining if they ain't being cheap with the alcohol % content! 
Stop by here during your French Quarter adventures!I have been going to the Felipes below this bar for years and only recently ventured upstairs. I have to say it is the perfect place to hang out with friends in the french quarter. 
The interior is amazing, the vibe is just right, it is dark and they pretty much have the tiki thing down to a science. What is great about this place is that it is generally not super crowded so you can talk to your friends and they can actually hear you. The entire establishment is very clean including the bathrooms. 
They have friendly staff and the list of available drinks is extensive. They even have gummies with booze in them! 
My friends and I ordered a flaming punch bowl concoction and it was amazing. This place is a gem and I cannot wait to go back!This has become our go to Tiki Bar in NOLA.   It's above Felipe's and its easy to miss the stairwell entrance on the side of the building. If you are into classic tiki, which we are, you will be rewarded at the top of the stairs.  The décor is traditional tiki.  Lots of tiki statues, fake flowers, tropical prints and bamboo.  There is a thatch covered tiki bar where drinks are served and plenty of couches and chairs to go around.  The menu of tiki drinks is one of the largest we've found in NOLA.  A mix of traditional and creative spins on drinks all served in tiki glasses.  There should be something for suit everyone's taste.  Two of the more unusal and fun items on the menu are the Zombie shots and jello shots.  The jello shots are shaped like tiki totems and are served as three per serving.  They pack a bit of a punch and are fun to eat.  The Zombie shots are my favorite.  The shot is served in a refillable tiki shot glass with a story to take the glass home and feed it plenty of rum.  
On the occasions we have been there, there has been music playing in the background, but it is not a focal point.  The place is dark (as most tiki bars we've been to are) and is a good place to relax and enjoy a good tropical drink.  If you are looking for more of a club atmosphere, this is not the place for you to spend your night.  If you get hungry, you can order some food from Felipe's at the bar and they will bring it up stairs for you.After wondering around the French quarter with all the loud crowded bars I was thrilled to find this place. It is on the second floor and as soon as you enter you no longer feel like you are in New Orleans. It is a very laid back crowd. Both of the drinks we ordered we very much on point with other tiki bars we have visited. We also got the alcoholic tiki heads. At $9 they are really more of a novelty, good to order once just for the quirkiness of them. If I'm ever back in town I'm definitely coming back.This place is awesome. If you are visiting NOLA it is a must visit. It's a bit tricky to find but sometimes a piece of paradise should be.Such a cool place! I felt like I was in someone's 1970's basement. It's not super touristy, just has a real cool tiki bar vibe. The drinks are all sweet, so not something I could do all of the time, but definitely a fun place to go for a special occasion. The bartenders were fantastic!
I still think about this bar and cannot wait to go back. Definitely a hidden gem in NOLA. It actually is somewhat hidden, as it's above a burrito restaurant and not the easiest to find.Spacious, secret second-floor gem of a bar festooned with tropical, ship-wrecked Tiki decor.  These drinks are labor-intensive but we felt they came out as quickly as can be reasonably expected and were always well executed. Quirky, pleasant music played at a nice volume below the lively bar conversation, the bartenders both chatty & friendly as they worked. The best sign of a great barkeep is when they care enough to ask "what do you usually drink, what spirits do you favor?"  This lead to off-menu delights such as the lively Singapore Sling & a bright Fogcutter (I favor GIN Tiki). We spent the better part of a dark & rainy night being charmed by the staff.  Happily we sat sipping the stiff, excellent drinks and later devoured some great nachos from downstairs (which they ordered & had brought up for us).  Cheers to hopefully many happy returns.I never knew this place existed until 2 weeks ago.   Really nice bar to duck off in and escape the noise of downtown.  The ambiance is what you would expect from a stereotypical tiki bar.  The drinks have some interesting flavors, seemed like a lot of spice or bitters was used.
The best thing about this place is that it's dark inside and not too crowded.  My wife and I had no problem finding space at the bar on a Friday evening.  One of the drinks came with a post card, and my friend confirmed that he received it 5 days later...  It was definitely worth the trip.I was pretty excited to go to Tiki Tolteca, but I left somewhat disappointed. I was there on a Monday night and my mom and I were the only ones in the bar. I get it. Monday isn't the biggest night to go out, but dang, this is New Orleans, right? It was about 9 o'clock when we arrived and there were 3 guys behind the bar. I had checked the website prior to going, to see what they had in the way of non-alcoholic drinks. They didn't seem to have any, so I asked one of the bartenders if he could make anything. His response was a fairly unenthused, "I guess I could try". This didn't make me want to stay very much, but we were there and my mom settled on a Mai Tai. I asked, more specifically this time for something maybe, pineapple and coconutty. I got that and I have to give it to him, that was very delicious. 
The atmosphere is great. Lots of groovy little couches and tiki decor. The space is probably super when there are more than 2 customers, but since it was just us, we finished our drinks, and were on our way. I would try this place again, if I find myself in New Orleans. If you're a tiki bar fan, definitely check it out. Maybe just go later in the week.I look for tiki bars in every city I visit. This one did not disappoint! They have many great drink options and they are served in cute tiki mugs. I had the "what a aspirin is" and it was so good. My friend had a "fog cutter" which is not on the menu buy the bartender was happy to make it. The place was empty on a Sunday night at 9pm , kind of odd . I hope it gets busier because this place is awesome! There is plenty of seating and a very cozy vibe with couches and stools everywhere.Only thing that kind of sucked is that they were out of the tiki shot glasses, we were hoping to purchase the shot to keep the tiki glass.PS. you can order food from Felipe's and it is delicious!There's a beautiful redhead bartender who makes the sexiest dark and stormy I've ever had the pleasure of drinking. And their shot glasses are the most adorable things on the planet. AND YOU GET TO KEEP THEM!!Another fantastic recommendation from some friends that visit NOLA often. This was unfortunately last on our list as the wifey and I were a bit sketchy on a tiki bar located in the French Quarter... but hey! This works... it was a great break from the French Quarter even if it was only for a few stiff drinks. Wifey played it safe with the Mai Tai and I went with the Zombie. Damn, both were creepers and definitely made are walk back to the hotel an adventure. Surf music, tiki decor, laid back staff... what else could you ask for? A perfect spot for a drink!Great authentic tiki bar drinks. My friend who bartends brought me here and her compatriots are all fans as well. Yeah it's not the cheap swill you get in other french quarter places but you're paying for quality. And you can take the mexican food from downstairs inside for the double whammy.Literally right around the corner from the only other tiki bar in the quarter.  Neat place with good atmosphere and decor and nice cool air conditioning (essential in August).  Decent selection of tiki drinks available along with Red Stripe beer in a bottle.  We had a poor experience with one of the staff members but the owner advises that it has been addressed.   Recommended and check out the one around the corner too!After a recent visit that was less satisfactory upon hearing my concerns ownership of the establishment reached out to me to hear my concerns as well as to offer apologizes. Knowing how many customers walk through the doors of any bar in the French Quarter and knowing Tiki Tolteca took my comments to heart was extemely refreshing. It also shows the owners and team greatly care about their customer experience.wish i lived in new orleans so i could come here all the time. great drinks & ambiance, plus the DJ there on a thursday night was throwing down some awesome tiki appropriate sounds. only wish the fancy $14 zombie drink came in one of those cool tiki cups! 
ps. thanks to the bartender because the 1st night we went, we arrived just after last call. he was cool enough to make 4 of us some EXCELLENT drinks to go. that was above and beyond. thanks so much!So cool!  The renovation has provided a Great Tiki bar in a fun atmosphere. Bartenders are mixing authentic cocktails in really neat glassware.When I came in at 11:00 PM the two other customers were bartenders at high end New Orleans bars, a testament to the high quality of the drinks here. I found out that the space is converted to rentable party space every weekend, which is why tiki days are only Tuesday through Thursday. Trader Dick makes all his own syrups, including the difficult orgeat, and I had a great time talking to him. The drinks were honest, not sugar sweet, and tasty. Since I was visiting New Orleans I had a Hurricane, which was the real deal, as was the Aku Aku Zombie. 
Off the beaten track and highly recommended.We walked into this bar last night - December 12th,  after we were refused service at another bar because of our group size.
The bartender, who's name I didn't get, didn't blink an eye.  He made cocktails - and put on show - right down to the mocktail we ordered. 
We were out looking for an amazing cocktail experience and he delivered.We visited THE DAY (Aug 28, '16) this place was mentioned in the New York Times magazine... still an off night. The place was empty and the service was almost offensive. Disappointing. The drinks menu looks so fun, I hope others enjoy.My boyfriend and I stumbled onto this place accidentally and decided to give it a shot. So glad we did! We're always looking for cocktails and drinks we've never tried before, and this totally hit the spot. The bartender told us it's been recently rated the best new bar in America by Food & Beverage magazine. It's definitely unique. We tried the Baska Face, which is described as "smoky, bitter, and wow!" Definitely agree. I believe it has cinnamon in it. Worth a try if you're into unique drinks! We'll probably be back before we head out tomorrow.Hidden spot...small when you get up there, but has a cool atmosphere. The drinks are cool and come in different glasses. I would suggest the one two punch.Food was ok, although was painfully slow process to be served, staff generally unhappy about being there, all in all not a place I'd love to visit againBest hurricane in town! (I'm making a definitive list. Give me some time) the bartenders are all quick with jokes, excellent service and great cocktails. The tiki drinks are crafted with extreme care and efficiency and if you're very very nice, they'll mix you a damn fine sazerac.It's a unique bar with pretty good drinks. If you want to hangout in relatively calmer and cool place with a couple of friends, this is worth a try. Downstairs, there is a taco place where you can get some nice tacos.super cute bar. no service. those gummy bear things are soo powerful. be warned. kinda made my stomach hurt. 3 for $10. there was a few people in here with their tropical drinksHad no idea! Thankfully some locals took us in and I'll be back! In through a Mexican restaurant and up the stairs to the best Mai Tai ever. I though I had real ones in Hawaii but I was mistaken. You can order food from Felipe's when you are upstairs at this bar. Worth checking out. Bartender was very friendly!My friend recommended this place to me when he heard I was traveling to New Orleans. I'm from Pensacola FL where the cocktail scene is still pretty new. I was told that my fiancé and I must order the frozen Hemingway Daiquiri. Let me tell you it was AMAZING! Our bartenders Renee and Nathan took very good care of us. I must say that if you are wanting to try something pretty out of this world then order the "Miracle Berry Trip". I've never had anything like that in my life! I highly recommend this place to anyone that enjoys fantastic service, drinks,  and atmosphere! Nothing short of excellence at this place!This is a very worth finding spot when in New Orleans.  Creative cocktails, quirky staff, friendly vibe.  Dark cozy decor to match.For the love that all things Tiki I was hoping to be wowed by this bar. They have all the ingredients for a top star establishment but fall short on customer service and timeliness on getting clients a drink.
Venue is up a flight of stairs and provides an air conditioned oasis w/tiki decor that puts one in an immediate mood of relaxation that soon turns to frustration when the only bar tender takes forever and a day to "craft" his drinks then hits you with a snarky attitude when asking questions about their menu.
I have been to plenty of craft cocktail establishments to know each one takes time. I was willing to overlook the timeliness issue if the bartender's attitude wasn't so indifferent when asking about their gummies. Answer = "they are gummies"....OKAY. In effort to get menu items sold one would think examples could be shown of what I finally learned are cocktail infused treats.
Wish I could rate higher as my first and only drink = fog cutter.Great drinks and atmosphere 
I miss the drink with the flower that sizzled on your tongue 
I find that if you aren't at the bar you won't get service 
A few years back they had an awesome bartender a tall dude maybe from Hawaii.  Miss him
You can order food from downstairs which is a big plusThe bartenders were awesome and very accommodating. Had an absolute blast. Elena made  the best pain killer I've ever had.Best drinks. Best service. Ask for zack. Short for Zachary. Best bartender we met on our visit to nola. Much love from the Midwest.A really cool place, if you like tikl bars - and I do like tiki bars...!!!
Fun, totally unexpected tiki interior for New Orleans. In a dark, second floor space above a Mexican burrito bar.
Strong drinks, with a GREAT happy hour. Definitely the best five dollar hurricanes and mai tais I've ever had. Friendly service. Not too crowded. 
Absolutely loved it. We will definitely return...Went to New Orleans for a week during Halloween and was walking around. Got thirsty for a margarita went into a Mexican restaurant we came across. As we were sitting at the bar we noticed a sign showing a bar upstairs. We went up and it was the most amazing tiki bar. Brought me back to a time I loved in Hawaii...the decor was so amazing from the lights, cute booths, and the bar was a total tiki hut design..grass top..super cool..the drinks were out of this world best I've had. I didn't realize til going here how much I love rum..The drinks are serviced in tiki designed glasses which you can purchase. Must try the scorpion..super amazing.  We tried several of the great drinks..type of environment that makes you want to stay awhile and enjoy..a different vibe than the typical go to places in New Orleans. Bartender was outstanding wish I remembered her name. Kudos to her..Definantly the place to try if your in town. I will be back..Amazing run drinks and tiki bar. Found this gem on accident. Amazing mixologist bartenders that were true professionals. I truly loved this place.I was in the quarter waiting on a friend getting a foot massage. I don't like people touching my feet so I opted instead for booze TOUCHDOWN!
This place was right around the corner from the freak foot place. I sat down and was greeted by a VERY handsome manm if you in the quarter I recommend stopping in just to look at this man. 
Now on to the drinks. I ordered the Musky Camaro. Mistake #1: never serve a lady a masculine drink. I may have whiskers but i am still a woman! Scotch infused with menthol cigarettes? Jimmy Deen sausage bitters!? I thought I was going to a tropical paradise not my uncle house in suburban lakeview! Frankly these quote unquote mixologists are getting OUT OF CONTROL. They need to be monitored. This drink failed all my great cocktail musts. Delicate feminine glassware? Not a chance. Fun garnish? Hardly! I get the theme but please no use car parts in my hooch juice. WEIRD! this was a taste only Hilaire clinton could tolerate!
I gave it 3 stars for the snacks I got for free because I hated my drink do much. Still better than gettin a stranger to tikkle your toes for cash.definitely one of my favorite bars in New Orleans.  Delicious well mixed drinks, fun but chill atmosphere, friendly service & hidden away from all the ruckus of the FQ.  what is there not to like?  Discovered the place on my first trip to NOLA & loved it so much, it was our first bar stop when we returned last week. The drinks were just as strong & the service just as wonderful as the first time around. We were sure to squeeze in two trips on our week long stay & wish we had been able to get in a third visit! Brian was an excellent bartender, with great off menu recommendations. Per his guidance, I the jambu flower with a Fur Collar instead of an A Huevo & it was pretty unforgettable.Owner is really cool! 
Awesome vibe, and authentic tiki experience. 
The tiki gummies are awesomeTiki Tolteca is definitely a shining star in a city that has bars in abundance. The service is quite personal and the drinks are impeccable. Start with a Hemingway Daiquiri while you look over the menu. Order a drink. And then order another Hemingway. Trader Dick definitely knows what he is doing.It was dead in here the two nights I went while in New Orleans, but they look set up to handle a much larger number of people.  The A Huevo drink has a Szechuan Button flower and is pretty special.  Their Pain Killer variant, called a "WHAT A ASPIRIN IS", was excellent.  The drinks all came in specific mugs for the drink, which is pretty rare.A real tiki bar with real tiki drinks. Mai tai a hurricane or dr funk if your bold. The decor is amazing. They have amazing food from the restaurant downstairs. A hidden gem in Nola just off bourbon.This was a random recommendation from a French Quarter bartender - delicious and well made drinks plus a unique atmosphere tucked away.By far one of the highlights of our trip. This place is amazing . Hidden upstairs we came here on our last day an looking back we wish we had found if earlier! Nathan, our bartender was great. Sharing stories of his trips to study his craft--- his drinks are innovative and not like anything we've tried before!
Take my advice, try the huevo and eat the flower-- it's along the line of eating a miracle berry if you've had that. Completing changes the way the drink tastes! (And totally messes with your senses!!)I went here during St. Patrick's Day at night. I wanted to get away from all the loudness on Bourbon Street. Everyone was just laughing and having a good time. Best part was that there was room to move around and shit. Nobody was bunched up against each other. The drinks I got was the Painkiller (ironically my left shoulder was in pain and after the drink, it went away) and the King Tithe drink. Both were sweet and splendid. It definitely hit the spot. Our bartender was awesome (his name is escaping me) and made our drinks fairly quickly. I definitely enjoyed the ambiance and will be coming here again.This is my favorite bar so far in New Orleans. Relaxed atmosphere. Excellent drinks. Had a nui nui and a hurricane. Best hurricane! Quiet and intimate.Super strong drinks. No table service--order at the bar. You can get food from Felipe's downstairs and bring it up.
My favorite part about the bar was that it wasn't very crowded, so our group could relax and enjoy our food and drinks.Great date spot. They have a happy hour but don't go with a group as there's only one bartender there at that time and the drinks are complicated and time consuming.Stopped in for a drink and decided to try the hurricane. At first it was a little sour for my liking, but it definitely grew on me as I continued sipping it down (but maybe that was all the alcohol??) We only stayed for one drink otherwise I would have switched to the Mai Tai. Very chill bar that's worth checking out!!So fun to check out this hidden gem!  Tucked away upstairs from Felipe's Taqueria is the only tiki bar in the French Quarter.  Sit at the bar if there's a seat available.  The bartenders are super nice and give good suggestions.  We had Mai Tai, SOS, and others, but the star of the night was the Escorpion Punch.  Luckily there were 4 of us to share it.  It comes in a large ceramic bowl and 190 proof liquor is lit on fire in the middle.  I also got the mini tiki shot because I can't resist a mini tiki glass you get to keep.  Apparently you can purchase most of the glasses used for the cocktails for around $7.  The drinks are tasty and boozy, the atmosphere is kitschy and fun!Loved the ambiance and decor here. The drinks are made from fresh quality ingredients, totally different from the cheap sugary drinks you'll mostly find on Bourbon Street. Had an unpleasant experience with a bartender here, but Management went out of their way to rectify the situation & I'm really pleased with the customer service from them. Can't wait to return to try out more of their delicious tropical drinks!What a strange experience. We walked into an empty bar. Just the bartender and his little friend annoyingly tapping drum sticks on the bar. Not a singe customer. I was excited a the concept of a private bar and server. We are all fans of the Tiki experience and have been to many around the country. A we all have some sort of bar in our homes, and a few full on Tiki Bars, so we like it.We ordered 5 Mai Tai drinks to make it easy. Stone faced and without a word he makes 5 drinks. He is sure to touch the ice in every drink, as well as push the straws all down with his fingers. Rude, unsanitary and just a prick. WE went to the good Tiki bar around the corner and had a much better experience.Came here for a tiki drink. Talked to Micheal who was amazing. He made a perfect smith and cross daiquiri and recommended the mai tai for my girlfriend. I would absolutely come back again if not for the amazing drinks. For the amazing service.In a city overflowing with bars, Tiki Tolteca has the distinction of being one of the few Tiki Bars in existence.  I heard another opened nearby last year and there's another one in a restaurant on the westbank, but not since Bali Hai at Pontchatrain Beach has a tiki bar fully embraced the Polynesian Ambience like they have.
This place is a hidden gem - literally.  Unless you walk through Felipe's or stumble past the open side door and amble up the stairs, you'd hardly know it's there.  Signage is pretty minimal.  But once you get upstairs, there's no mistaking where you are.
The place got a full face lift and renovation last summer and it makes a huge difference. There's a  full tiki hut gazebo over the bar and tiki statues, large comfy furniture, and lots of bamboo, not to mention all the cool collectible tiki glass wear  you can imagine.  The mai tai's are refreshing and delicious and I'm also fond of the Tiki Gummies (like a Jello shot, only better).  
I don't know their full operating schedule but my group has rented the place out twice before on weekend nights so it is available for private parties.  I'm not sure of the max capacity, but I know we had a dance party and filled the place with probably about 150 party goers on the dance floor and the bartenders kept the drinks flowing and the atmosphere fun!I loved the atmosphere and decor! So cool to have something like this in New Orleans. I really like Mezcal but it seems to be hard to find (at least in the dumps that I usually frequent), so I was impressed that Tiki Tolteca offered it. It was $9 for a shot! I had no idea that Mezcal is that expensive! It packed a punch so one was all I needed. Some friends had some fancy appetizers but I waited a while then went downstairs to eat at Felipe's. Nice place!This was probably one of my favorite bars in the quarter. I love the tiki bar. All the drinks were themed and fun and delicious.
The decor was spot on. I felt like I was transferred to a beach bar. 
The cocktails are all hand crafted and the menu is fun
 The "huevos" drink has egg in it and topped with jambu flower. The jambu flower makes your mouth tingle. It's a fun sensation and I ordered an extra one so everyone at my table could try it.Tiki Tolteca is to Tiki what Six Flags is to Theme Parks. 
It's not Disneyland but it's not the state fair.
Ian was such a star during our visit that the rating went from three to four s.
The drinks were great; the menu and decor well themed; the music... lacking. If Tiki Tolteca wants to compete in the overwhelmingly saturated drink market of NOLA, I suggest some attention to detail. If you mix it, they will come.Very nice little Mexican themed bar.  Good agave margaritas.  I will keep this one on my list for repeat.Drinks are on point.  Bartender seems annoyed to be at work tonight.  So, it does make it seem very uncomfortable hanging out but the drinks are delish.I have been contacted by Tiki Tolteca management and received an apology for the bar being unopen even though their sign stated it should have been.  An employee had called in sick.  These things happen and I will visit there again on my next visit to New Orleans.  The place was really decorated great and the drinks sounded really different!  Will review when I return!Once your eyes adjust to the pitch blackness you will be treated to a relaxing faux Polynesian vibe, strong but nicely balanced cocktails, and friendly, warm service. I would gladly set sail to this hidden upstairs island any day of the week. A nice change of vibe/scenery, a vacation inside your NOLA vacation.I love this place. Some of my work friends and myself went on a Saturday afternoon for happy hour and stayed a little after. The vibe is cool. The bartenders are very knowledgeable as well. The only thing I wish is that they add an extra bartender because it gets so busy up there that the two they had couldn't keep up. Butttt they are very communicative with letting you know they'll be right with you unlike other barsI went to this place for happy hour. It was more than i imagined. The bartenders were great, they explained the drinks and even gave me some recommendations for drinks. Oh and ask about the churros..I live in LA and was visiting NOLA. I dont know how i was LUCKY enough to stumble upon this place. But I am a tiki enthusiast and saw this pace from the street and went in. Really cool decor and theme. i had 3 different tiki drinks there. (if you dont know what tiki is think tropical) Get the "A Huevo" drink. it is a really unique experience. Every single drink is made with fire or flare here. The bartender really put on a show. Don't miss this place if you like tiki drinks this place can hold its own even with tiki bars from LA. I tried out another tiki bar down the street from here while i was there (Latitude or something in a hotel) and it cant even hold a (tiki) torch to Tiki ToltecaGreat tiki bar! I loved the decor and vibe of the place. Excellent cocktails with a large menu. Friendly bar staff. Great place for a drink. Both times we went we were able to sit at the bar and it was relatively empty. But according to the bartender it gets hoping later at night. Worth checking out!A hidden gem. Tiki Tolteca is a classic tiki bar. It is  hidden off the beaten path and rests above a Mexican restaurant. You go up a staircase to the side and stumble into a magical place. The inside is reminiscent of a former brothel in the South Pacific- with heavy drapery over the windows, cozy furniture, tiki heads, and the glow of dim lights to guide you through the menu. I know, a brothel is not appetizing to the imagination- but it honestly is another world. They have really wonderful drinks and some very unique mixtures. They have this berry, jambu, which you have to try! It comes with some of the drinks and it literally numbs your mouth. "Why would you want your mouth numbed!?" You may ask- but trust me- it's a very cool sensation. 
If you can- sit at the bar. That in and of itself is an experience. The bartender talks to you and everyone is so interested in the drinks being made. It definitely makes the experience. 
Tip: The restaurant below also has food you can bring up- which was tasty and perfect for drinking.
Tiki Tolteca transports you from the French quarter and Bourbon street to straight up Bali! CheersI was so excited to go to this place.  It seemed really cool from prior reviews.  I was in NOLA this past week and was excited to see they were reopened.  Evidently they were closed for renovations.  I am
not sure what they renovated?  As I walked up the stairs I was getting really excited.  Even when I walked in it seemed cool but things started to turn quickly!  We walked in sat down and waited.  Nobody came to our "couch" to greet is or take our order.  I got up went to bar and asked for drink
menu.  The menu is limited in my opinion.  We decided on two drinks. Mine was a
frozen  grapefruit like drink which came in a short green tiki glass and my friend got a drink with an orange flavoring .  I cannot remember the names of the drinks.  I had to walk up to the bar and order from the not so nice bartender.  I almost left it took so long to be acknowledged and assisted.  I thought about leaving but patiently waited.  The candles on our table were not lit. I finally got my drinks and brought the drinks
to our couch.  Apparently I was doubling as a waitress that night!   The presentation was boring. I tasted my drink and so did my friend. I could not believe how horrible it tasted and looked and my friend felt the same.  We could not get past the first sip.  I couldn't even identify an employee to say the drinks were no good and
tasted funky or even dirty in a way.  Tried to flag down bartender and was ignored again.  What a waste of money.  This place and drink left a bad taste in my mouth.   The glass that my drink came in was the only thing I liked. Everything else-Horrible!Was told about this bar.  Tragically hip.    Drinks are real good.  Just be careful when you go.  When we went they were a bit overwhelmed.  It was French quarter fest...  We recommend that pain killer.Pretty cool bar! When you first walk in, you'll encounter a Mexican restaurant- this is not the bar lol it took my group a while to figure out that we had to go upstairs to the lounge area where the bar is. 
The bar is so beautifully decorated. It's tiki theme, of course, with beautiful lanterns strung all around the restaurant. The dimmed lights gave off a very relaxing vibe. Our group decided visit this bar because we saw pictures of the Scorpion drink, which comes with a flame in the middle. This is a communal drink for 3-4 people. It's a fun drink to share with friends! We also tried to alcoholic gummies. I would not recommend these dummies- they were really bitter and the texture was not chewy at all. They were just kinda mushy. 
Overall, this is a chill place to hang out with friends.Apparently, after my first visit to Tiki Tolteca in 2014, they closed for remodeling.  I came back in 2015.  I will say that the remodel was nicely done.  It now feels more like a proper tiki bar regarding the atmosphere at least.  Also during that time frame, they also re-did the drink menu.
A few weeks prior to my NOLA girl's weekend, my husband had gone to NOLA with a friend of his.  He insisted that I had to get a drink called the Heuvo and eat the flower.  I do love a drink with a gimmick.  So I did order that drink, along with the 3 other ladies in my party.  The jambu flower does tasty a bit nasty - think very grassy.  But then it does the weirdest thing to your tongue - think Pop Rocks but even weirder.  It does change the flavor of the drink some and the effect thankfully only lasts for a few minutes.  The gimmick was interesting, but this isn't a drink I'd order again.  One lady in my party, actually my mom, said that she became incredibly nauseous after eating the jambu flower.  I guess jambu flowers weren't for us.
We did get an order of the tiki gummies, which were actually rather tasty.  
After the jambu flower experience, I was still oddly up for more adventure, so I ordered the Baska Face.  The preparation of this drink was interesting - what's not to love about a drink that get's set on fire, and I was curious about a tiki drink that was smoky and bitter.  The smokiness actually comes from mezcal.  It was definitely one of the more interesting tiki drinks I have had.  But for it to become palatable, I had to wait for the ice to dilute it a bit.  Otherwise the smokiness was a bit overwhelming.
Despite getting 2 drinks that really weren't quite up my alley, I do appreciate the creativity that went into them - something I adore in a good tiki bar.Went here around 8pm on a weekend, and it was deserted. Couldn't believe my eyes, especially since Bourbon Street was so crowded.
Authentic Hurricanes, made with real passion fruit juice. The Zombie Punchbowl was also super funky. Highly recommend taking a group there when you need a break from Bourbon Street, or are tired of really crappy cocktails.We had a great time at this bar. We showed up as they were opening so it wasn't too busy yet. Danielle behind the bar was helpful with the drink recommendations and pure some quality drinks.
The vibe was cool and relaxed. It was a.rwfleshing.location away from the craziness of Bourbon st.This tiki bar was our favorite part of our last trip to NOLA. The ambience and atmosphere were so, so cool! We tried several of the drinks, all were fantastic! We'll definitely be back!Doors open but bar is empty!  Three couples wanting to try drinks.  Called and got recorded message.  Went back downstairs to Felipe's to see WTF.  Short staffed and won't open til later.  DUH then lock the door and change your sign!Really wanted to love this place as my Husband and I are lovers of tiki bars and make it a point to visit one in every city we travel to that has one to offer, however this place has the rudest most unprofessional bartender(guy with big sideburns.) Upon entering we loved the ambiance and decor, and took seats at the end of the bar. We patiently waited to order as there were a few people in there and seemed to be only two employees. It didn't take long for us to feel the hostile vibes coming from the one bartender... he was slamming glasses around the bar, kicked a bucket across the floor and huffing/cussing about stuff under his breath. We contemplated leaving but decided to stay because we really wanted a good craft cocktail, not the cheap sugary drinks offered by most bars in the French Quarter. The rude bartender was busy making drinks and never looked up at us but apparently was taking our order then said something smart to my husband when we didn't immediately respond because it wasn't clear that he was addressing us. He then became angry about there not being ice behind the bar, grabbed a bucket and bumped into my back while exiting behind the bar to get ice, then returned and literally threw the bucket of ice down. Although we should have walked out, we ordered our drinks still and moved away from the bar, finished our drinks and left. Such a shame that guy acts like a psycho behind the bar because he really knows how to make a great cocktail. Spent $ here once to be treated like crap, but won't do it again.Great location, Latin American restaurant downstairs, who doesn't like tacos and beer? The bartender upstairs is terrible, for several reasons. She was not pleasant from the moment we walked in. I could have overlooked all her short comings but it just got worse. They weren't even that busy. I ordered the Painkiller, yum! But unfortunately, my husband really didn't like the drink the bartender recommended. I tasted his drink, it was not good. We asked for something different. The bartender asked what was wrong with it and was very rude about it. My husband actually spent time explaining. Why? I shouldn't have to explain. I know I shouldn't base the establishment on one lousy bartender but first impressions are very important. I shouldn't have to feel like I need to be writing this review right now. But don't really have anything to do while I'm sitting here waiting for my husband to finish his drink, so why not. I am disappointed I really wanted to like this place, and I really enjoyed the Painkiller but cannot stay and spend my money here. I won't be back, in a city full of great food, tasty drinks, pleasant experiences and awesome customer service, elsewhere, I wouldn't waste my time.
20 minutes later.:.........Still drinking that stupid drink.If you're looking for a Rockabilly style Tiki Bar like Frankie's Tiki Room in Las Vegas this little gem isn't for you... This is a throwback to the classic style tiki bar.. The music should be your first clue, they play some amazing 1940's era music.. I ordered a Mai Tai and it was very tasty, not terribly strong but good.. The overall vibe is very relaxed and the decor was pretty cool, if you want to escape the Hand Grenades and Daiquiri machines this hidden gem might be up your alley...Drinks are good service is a little slow! Very quiet and hidden. Ambiance is neat lots of tiki artifacts to look at lots of lounge seats!Loved it here. Been meaning to come here for awhile. The bartender whose name I forgot to ask was amazing. Literally the only save after my experience downstairs and the only reason I'll ever eat at Felipe's again. We spent several hours here and had half a dozen drinks and some shots and gummies. We only left because if we stayed we were going to spend another hundred bucks. Honestly, will come back but 75% of the reason to see the bartender again.These drinks are delicious and a refreshing break from the corn syrup of the French quarter. Our bartender was super helpful and I tried not to go overboard with taking too many picture of the decor. Definitely come here to get the "holy trinity" of tiki.Really solid tiki bar. The drinks are meticulous, so don't complain, it's worth the wait!What a hidden gem!  Drinks are amazing, inventive, and use fresh, high quality ingredients.  And giant piles of alcohol.
About the only thing that didn't do it for me was one particular drink they served where you are supposed to ingest some herbal thingy that makes your tongue go numb for a good 5-10 minutes.  But hey, now I know roughly what it must have felt like to ingest a Tony Montana-sized pile of blow, so I've got that going for me.Zack is the man! Warm bartender with a special technique for you to feel welcomed! Order a KING THISLE and watch him shack his rump!After a charity event at Canal Place, a group of us headed over to Tiki Tolteca.  I loved the atmosphere.  They really nailed the tiki bar vibe, complete with wooden furniture and thatched roof designs.
The special of the night was a mai tai for $5.  Honestly, this was the best mai tai I've ever had.  Perfectly citrusy and not too sweet.
My only issue was when I went to close my tab the bartender insisted that I hadn't given him my bank card. I knew that I did.  I kept telling him that I did.  He kept saying that I didn't.  I insisted he keep looking for it.  He finally found it sitting next to the cash register.  Things happen though, so no biggie. 
I'd definitely go back!Such a cute bar. Currently undergoing renovations (improving the atmosphere), but a great spot none the less. Upstairs above Felipe's, there's no food menu specifically for TT, but they're happy to order you food from downstairs and have it brought up. My group had tacos and a couple drinks on a Tuesday night and had a great time. What A Aspirin is their take on a pina colada and the fresh ground nutmeg really makes it great. The tiki gummies are fun, as are the tiki shot glasses you can take home with you. Be sure to ask about those early, they're popular for a reason. If you know someone coming into NOLA there's even a drink with a postcard! You fill it out and TT will send it off to you. If your addressee makes it back to TT with the card, there's a bonus freebie in it for them.Hard to find. Decor is cute. Odd vibe. Bar staff is snooty. We sat at the bar with cash in hand and waited almost 10 minutes before anybody even acknowledged us and there were only two other people sitting at the bar. We were finally approached by a girl who seemed surprised that the male bartender hadn't already helped us. She made a nice Painkiller. Artful presentation. But for the overpriced drinks and the flippant service, I'll pass. Do yourself a favor and go to Latitude 29 down the street.This little hidden bar was our absolute favorite bar in New Orleans.  Such a laid back atmosphere and it was definitely nice to sip on a yummy cocktail after walking miles in the heat.  We ended up sitting in this bar for 2 hours.  
Only negative thing I have to say about this place is that they don't open early enough. LOL We would have definitely spent more time in here it would have opened earlier.  We will definitely be back our next time we are in the area.Was told about this bar.  Tragically hip.  Only issue bartender was a douche bag.  Had to wait 30 minutes to order.  Not very nice. Never coming back.The drinks are great. Mai Tai is outstanding. Friendly staff, nice tiki bar setting.  Always enjoy my visit hereThe great reviews brought me here. The experience was anything but great.
Order the Hemingway daiquiri, they said. Sure, I love a good daiquiri. But as a bartender I make good daiquiris blindfolded. My home bar has more liquor than some pubs. So when I open my wallet I expect a GREAT daiquiri. 
Last night I jaunted up a back stairwell into an intimately cozy tiki lounge with very nice decor and funky background tunes. At the tiny bar, two other customers were trying to decide on a drink. Of the 3 bartenders, two preferred to chit chat rather than even acknowledge my presence.
When one finally handed me a menu, I told her I already knew what I wanted - the legendary Hemingway. As she began mixing I asked, isn't it supposed to be frozen? She replied, no it's made straight up. Puzzled, I asked, so no frozen drinks here? None, she replied. 
My bar etiquette allowed her to continue mixing. Plus she was very sweet and well-mannered. Then, she suddenly stopped and said with an excited smile, Oh yes, we USED to serve frozen Hemingways back in 2014. I politely nodded. I figured I'd get a drink that was at least comparable in volume and ALC to a frozen daiquiri, so no biggie. 
What I got was roughly 6 ounces of something that cost nearly 10 bucks. The unfamiliar rum brand was included on the receipt, and was about 80% of the total bill. So I asked her what country was it from? She read the bottle label and said, South America. She paused with a bit of a blush, realizing that answer wasn't very specific. 
She continued scanning the label until she found Guyana. To which I replied, well that must be some drink for this price. She grudgingly agreed, while also suggesting it might be a bit overpriced. How overpriced I did not realize until I had already left the bar. The drink was more like a very dry martini; the complete opposite of a daiquiri.
I ended up going to the typical frozen daiquiri joint on Canal. You know the kind, severe lighting with oppressively loud hip hop music that you must yell in order to place an order? Yeah, that kind. Yet, the frozen goodness I departed with was exactly what I wanted. It was tasty and packed a wallup. 
A real shame though. The tiki lounge bartender was quite adorable if awkward. And I'd pay them another visit (for non daiquiri drinks) as long she's my bartender. 
Cheers!Delicious Tropical beverages, island inspired decor, cool vibes and a chill atmosphere make this my new favorite Tiki bar in NOLA!!
After a rather uncomfortable visit to 'that OTHER tiki bar' around the corner, we came here to find the bar that we had been longing for...lots of fun menu options, plenty of seating arraigned into conversation nooks for groups of different sizes and a completely comfortable island atmosphere. While everyone enjoyed their oddly named beverages, we found the $32 Escorpion Punch to be a little too smoky flavored for our tastes. Everything else was EXCELLENT!! can't wait to come back!Great little spot in downtown New Orleans that is surprisingly not crowded given how close it is to all of the other highly touristed areas near Jefferson square.  You have to look carefully for the signs - it is hidden up the stairs near a casual mexican restaurant on the first floor.  You can order food from that restaurant up into the bar.
When you walk in, its dimly lit with ample comfortable places to sit.  You can get served at the bar or have table service.  They have a range of cocktails from twists on classics to unique concoctions.  The tiki vibe is right on, but not overly done.Tiki Tolteca was the tiki bar we weren't actually looking for... we were trying to go to another famous tiki bar in the area, but I felt like we found a hidden gem when we stopped in. 
Prices were a little high but the drinks were good and we enjoyed the ambience. We went during a slow time and really enjoyed ourselves with the bar being not crowded. The bartender who served us was really nice. 
We don't live in New Orleans but we suggested this bar to our family that do live in greater New Orleans.A hidden gem! I absolutely love Tiki Tolteca. They stay true to their brand in all areas (food, drinks, decor, and service). The prices are great and it's never overly packed. My favorite drinks to order would have to be the Hurricane and Pain Killer.  Both are blazing with power and punch! The bartenders are amazing and very patient when it comes to indecisive patrons. Please visit for a happy hour, I promise you won't be disappointed.Our favorite hideout in New Orleans. Terrific drinks and chill loungey vibes. A good reason to get that old smoking jacket out. Noah took great care of us.I give Tiki Tolteca chance after chance and they disappoint me every time. The service is soooo bad and it sucks because I love the space so much. 
We walked in and it was busy. We sat ourselves and waited about 10 mins to see if a server would come to us or if we would have to go up to the bar. No one came, so I went up to the bar to ask. The server, Diane just handed me a drink menu without looking up. I asked if they were doing table service tonight (because in the past I've always been confused on when they do and don't do it). She said something along the lines of "yes we do, I just haven't had a chance to get over there yet. I'll be there in a moment". Her tone was very rude. I decided to brush it off because I could see she was busy. 
Once she came, we placed out orders. We waited at least 30 minutes and still had not received our food. I didn't expect the food to come up instantly, but it still shouldn't have taken that long since the food is literally already prepared. Diane did not come and check on us the whole time we were waiting on the food. The other server (taller girl, longer darker hair) came to check on us a few times and she was the one we finally asked about our food. She said Diane had just gone down to check on it, but Diane was standing behind the bar doing nothing, so she wasn't checking on the food. The tall girl went and said something to her and that's when she went down to get the food. At that point, there was NO ONE else in the room but us and the workers. She came up and dropped our food off, then another guy (Joshua) came behind her and dropped off the rest of it. That was the last we saw of Diane. Joshua came and checked on us once. We finished our food and waited another 20 minutes for the check and she never came back.  We decided to guesstimate the cost of our food and leave the money on the table because we didn't want to wait any longer and she wasn't doing her job. As we were walking out, of course she questioned us. Where were all those questions when we were at the table Diane? She told us that we didn't know how to behave in restaurants and she told my friend to go back to the table and bring her the check and the money. We told her she never brought us a check and she could go to the table and get the money herself like she should've did in the first place. She starts screaming that we can never come into that establishment again. That's a damn lie. I love Felipes and nothing will stop me from going in there. It's just a shame that Tiki Tolteca always has crappy service. That was my two friends first time going there and Diane made the experience awful.Wow! This place is a hidden gem. You have to go thru a Mexican restaurant and up the stairs to find this place. When we arrived we were literally the only people and when we left we then made the other couple that eventually joined us the only people in the place as well...
The drinks are absolutely delicious! Fresh ingredients and one of the best if not the best painkillers I have ever had! 
This place is totally legit and worth the visit! 
I do wish it was a bit more lively as they have an amazing thing going, they just need more people! 
The bartender was awesome, so friendly & shared his passion for creating tiki drinks. He chatted with us a bit about all the fresh juices and ingredients they are now using. 
Get here! Tell your friends, it's def worth it!Do you like tiki bars? Are you in the French Quarter? Then come on down here, you won't be disappointed.
They serve the requisite tiki drinks, lots of pineapple and rum. They also have flaming drinks, which is a lot of fun.i'm getting older i think.
so is my sister.
but we decided to get footloose and fancy free, she ignored her aching back and i ignored my bronchitis -like-allergy-induced-cough. (at least i hope it's allergies but my damn boyfriend was sick last week ‍). 
the parking just...i really... y'all i can't even
we parked illegally so just uber.
first of all it's really cute in there! it's like the tiki room in disney world minus all the animatronic birds and the somewhat Oz like narration.
anyway.
upsides: 
-cute drinks with umbrellas.
-vibe:  
-2 strangers offered me and my sister a sip of their drink when we asked if it was good. that was sweet but really weird. (we did not partake)
-painkiller. get it! dessert-ish, pretty, yummy.
-we were totally able to talk about deep stuff 
downsides: 
-there are only rum drinks. one gin drink. i guess they have vodka but no drink on the menu.
-too many straws-reference the horrifying turtle straw video on youtube. like 3-4 straws a drink.
-there was only one bartender. that's idiotic for a bar in new orleans. stop.
-the bartender wasn't really available to answer our hundreds of idiotic questions. and she seemed annoyed.
-there was a baby there? i feel like that should be illegal but i'm sure the mom got enough judgment stares to not do it again (cute baby tho)
signing off.
and remember, i'm always here to Yelp.
sbI just visited Tiki Tolteca for the second time. The service was responsive and friendly, the drinks were super tasty, and the atmosphere was casual (unlike Latitude 29). If you have one drink, I highly suggest the pain killer. It's large and crazy good. Ready for a Rad Summer is also a fantastic cocktail. In any case, and for my money, TT is the best tiki bar in NOLA. Check it out!Delicious cocktails and you can also order food from downstairs. They offer an eclectic but relaxed atmosphere - the people working there were super laid back and friendly. My friend tried the Painkiller and I had the Mai Tai. The flavor of both drinks were excellent, and the presentation was also beautiful! We were visiting from out of town, and there were a good mix of locals and visitors.
We heard great things about the Scorpion bowl and Hurricane drinks while there so I am excited to try those next time!Best hidden gem of 2014. Great bar hidden above Filipe's in the Quarter with outstanding drinks. Chill vibe with wonderful bartenders. Awesome decor
I love going to Tiki Tolteca. Tiki bars are my thing and they can be really good or really, really bad. This is the former, thankfully, and we are lucky enough to have 2 great tiki bars New Orleans (Latitude 29, right down the street). I favor Tiki Tolteca because of the atmospher: it is relaxing in a way that makes you want to stay a while and chat to whoever you may be sitting next to. There are couches you can lounge around on and music playing loud enough to hear it but quit enough to carry on a conversation.
The drinks are phenomenal. Well balanced and never too sweet; I have found some new favorite cocktails here. The zombies are all great, the Escorpion punch has the heavenly mezcal, and the original hurricane is  amazing. It is nothing like the hurricanes at Pat O's, and I am grateful for that. 
If you want something sweet, get an order of the little tiki gummies. It's a booze and gumdrop concoction, rolled into 3 delicious little treats!After my third visit in four days I've decided to revise my initial review of Tiki Tolteca 
The decor is great!  You walk in and see a bamboo framed bar, imitation heads from Easter Island.  The look is very very cool and a good tiki feel. 
The drinks on the menu were good tiki examples (rum based). I tended toward a passion fruit rum drink.  I forget the name but it was good.  Earlier I tried their Singapore Sling, also good.  
I had a couple concerns in my initial review and didn't expect anything to come of it.  But I was wrong. The folks at Tiki Tolteca reached out to me.  They strongly care about their tiki bar and the experience their customers have.  This is big for me as I am in Customer Service so I'm a tough critic but I also understand when a business cares. 
Anyway, to sum it up, Tiki Tolteca's decor is great. The rum drinks do not disappoint.  The management cares about their bar.  My only comment it that they be sure the music stays "tiki" as that's the final touch in a tiki bar.  
My suggestion is go, sit at the bar, order up the rum drink of choice and enjoy.  I did. 
Last because the management cared enough to reach out to me.  Four StarsPopped in to try a few drinks. Ordered the pain killer for my sore throat...drink has a kick & large serving too. Very tasty! Neat place just above Felipe burritos. Found new place to get good drinks. Bartender knows his stuff.It missed a concept. Pseudo Mexican food, with tiki drinks (the only good thing) and Flamenco music. I understand fusion cuisine, but this was a weird pot. Let's say I was expecting pineapple in my Mexican food and got some weird stuffI've been to Tiki bars all over America and from my experience of drinking heavily with tropical drink I must say with all due respect, your Tiki Bar SUCKS! 
For Tiki Bar standards this is the worst and violates TIKI CODE 101. Ambiance and decor is so plain I couldn't even really say this is a Tiki Bar. Sure you have a few coconuts and items trying to create a Tiki Experience, but it's truly lacking in overall decor and it shows! 
OMG the drinks were the worst drinks I've ever tried to consume. I took a sip of my drink hoping for tiki delights and another sip of my friends drink and we pulled an ELVIS and left the building immediately. Once sip was all it took, they were so disgusting. Touch much booze not enough balance of tropical juices & flavors that creates Bali High moment. The  bartender should learn the tiki mixology prior to serving drinks. Hell go online and look up FRANKIES TIKI LOUNGE in Las Vegas and purchase their drink book It may help you, but then again it may not because u suck!
I warn you to save yourself from this disaster there's much better drink places in the French Quarter.Tiki Tolteca has changed so much since my last review (being that I was FTR AHEM)! Although Beachbum Barry's is my ride or die, Tiki Tolteca has good vibes and good times in droves and although my guy had to be dragged here by friends the other night (he's been anti Tiki Tolteca since we were turned away around three times when they were seemingly having more private parties than nights open. But that was years ago), we all had a round + a pretty awesome time.
It's a Polynesian tropical paradise up in here! Get yo'selves upstairs above Felipe's and feel like you've stumbled into a perfectly preserved Mid Century Tiki Time Warp. From the ubiquitous giant glass orbs dropped from the ceiling encased in fish nets to the bamboo thatched walls to the Tiki totems and rattan furniture (couches, booths and high boys). It's pretty dang perfect. Even if the drinks sucked, I'd be happy here because this is so my jam.
What else has changed since the early days of five years ago? That menu sure has expanded. Tiki drinks galore! I had a Pain Killer and believe me, I wasn't feeling any after that one (understatement of the year). 
One thing I'm going to admit may be a draw for some people, but not so much for me is the giant TV playing sports. It clashes with the vibe big time, but hey, it's football season and that's definitely going to be a draw for most people.
Also that 11pm close time is a bit of a drag. On the bright side it's open 'til 2am on weekends.Hidden gem of the French Quarter! Hole in the wall place with phenomenal crafted cocktails by bartenders who really know their shit. I'm a sucker for a good tiki bar and this is the best!One of my favorite new bars in NOLA.  If you're looking for something different, give this a try. Excellent drink choices and well made.  The bartender was very helpful and patient while we tried to decide on our drinks.  Loved the atmosphere, like stepping back in time to the 50s-60s.  Loveseats and coffee tables.  Very relaxing.  Only disappointment was with Felipe's down stairs, no handicap accessibility for my wife's wheelchair.  Had to carry the chair up the step to Felipe's but used the stinky elevator to reach Tiki Tolteca.  And by stinky, I mean it smelled like a urinal.  If not for that, I'd give it 5 stars.The drinks were good, however I would never recommend this place to anyone visiting. The drinks were poured in styrofoam cups. Everyone working there seemed absolutely miserable and borderline rude. No smiles, short answers, no sincere thank yous. The styrofoam cups ended up being an advantage as we could take our drinks to go quickly. Disappointed to have to give such a poor review.
2/4/20 Update -  management did reach out about turning this review into a teachable moment for his staff and I hope for the business's future, that it works.Cool find, close to Jackson square, a cool place to chill on couches and hold conversations with friendsThanks to Yelp, Tiki Tolteca was one of my favorite finds during my most recent visit to New Orleans.  Regardless of if you like tiki drinks or not, this place is just plain cool.
We came in search of alcoholic gummy bears, of which they were tragically out of that day.  Don't worry though, there are plenty of other tropical cocktails to wet your whistle.  We each opted for a mai tai.  Small warning here: they use the Trader Vic's mai tai recipe, which is completely different from the traditional concoction I'm used to.  Not bad but different for sure.
The real win of Tiki Tolteca, aside from not being located on Bourbon Street, was the atmosphere.  The interior is dark and moody feeling, complete with vintage rattan furniture all around.  I felt like I was in 1960s Hawaii or else a scene from Mad Men.
Next time I'm in NOLA, I'll definitely be back to Tiki Tolteca.  Hopefully next time they have the boozy gummy bears though.I love tiki, they do tiki well so I'm biased. The staff is nice and the bar is chill AF. It could be a little more affordable but I still love it. 
Bonus is you can order FELIPES!!Spin the Wheel.
Let fate drive your adventure!
Sure they've got a menu, but when everything looks terrific......it's time to spin the wheel.
I found myself here, as a friend wanted to buy a tiki mug designed by an artist (the Pizz)she read a story about.  I was game, as had already bookmarked Tiki Tolteca. 
 I was born in the mid 60s so I happen to know something about tiki bars, not to mention that my Mom is from Tahiti.   Tiki bars were all the rage in the 60s and 70s, decorated with kitschy Polynesian flair. Back in the day many of them hired Polynesian folks, hence why I know about them.  My Mom didn't speak a word of English back then and so my American jazz drumming Dad would take us to various places(many had restaurants too). But that's a whole other story.....
You enter through Felipe's and ride the elevator up.  As soon as I walked in I was transported back to my childhood, my eyes lite up with absolute joy.  The bar area was full, so we sat in one of the many private areas. Order at the bar this particular day, but pretty sure they have table service .  Everything on the menu looked great, I honestly couldn't decide.  As the stools at the bar opened up we bellied on up.  We wanted to embrace it all.  
So............ for 10$ you can spin the wheel and let the wheel o drink choose for you.  
Just spinning any wheel is fun, even if Vanna White isn't there.  
And my fate? Corn & Oil.  
Please don't ask me what's in it, but I'll betcha Rianna would be more than happy to share a couple with me.  Came in a cool glass, umbrella yada yada......I loved it.  It might be my drink of choice at Tiki Tolteca.  
I ordered another.
If you're hungry, you can order food from downstairs and they'll bring it up.....that's cool.  Wish I had realized that before I went downstairs and stood in line, lol. 
It's why I share it with you here.
It's the kind of place you have to know about......sure there's a sign, but where it is? what it is?.....
it might be confusing for the average anybody to find.
But when you DO find it.......you'll be glad you did and definitely Spin the Wheel.Fun tiki bar in New Orleans. I'm always on the lookout for tiki bars and when our Uber drove by I took notice. The place is superbly decorated, the vibe is chill. The bartenders are all characters of the best kind. And the drinks...oh, the drinks! I always start with a mai tai because if you're a tiki bar and your mai tai sucks, are you even a tiki bar? All the drinks were fantastically delicious and I admit I may have had a few too many. I even did the tiki shot with fun little take home glass thing and that was delicious. Definitely worth the slight detour from Bourbon Street to find this endearing establishment.The absolute worst drinks we've ever had! We couldn't even drink them. I almost threw up trying! I got a hurricane and it tasted nothing like a hurricane and honestly tasted like ginger and poison somehow. I don't know what my husband got but I tasted his and it was even worse than mine! The gummies they have are awful too! Do not go here! It's bad! 
I have left positive reviews when places are really good but when they are really really bad, I think I should warn people.Took 3 times to actually find this place but pretty awesome. You have to walk in through the restaurant then go up the side stairs to actually come in. Very relaxing and nice environment. Completely different than Bourbon experience.Awesome Tiki bar in the FQ. Wonderfully strong drinks, lovely decor and awesome bartenders. I love that it's a little hidden so regular shit faced tourists wont be going here. One of my favorite bars in the FQ.My friend and I were looking for a nice, relaxed place to grab a drink that wasn't on Bourbon. I found this on a whim and we decided to stop by. We absolutely loved the vibe and atmosphere. It was relaxing but thematic which we really wanted and enjoyed.
The only negative is that the prices for the drinks are a bit much considering the size of them. That being said I'd recommend the Singapore Sling. It was delicious.
Next time we're in New Orleans we will be back for happy hour.Great ambiance.  It was cozy and dark with excellent decorations. The bar was small but not busy on a Wednesday night so it was perfect. Our bartender was nice although he didn't know his drinks that well, but it worked out fine. I had a Raspberry Beret and my friends had Zombies. 
Will definitely go back next time I'm in town.So. We've been to this establishment before and had no issue. Drinks have always been amazing. This time was a less than desirable experience due to issues with the pours of our drinks. I initially left a review detailing the experience and our interaction with one of the bartenders. The owner definitely did everything possible to ameliorate the situation, which was much appreciated. Though the initial visit was a severe let down, the subsequent interaction has been nothing but positive.Great tiki décor, a nice space, great for a date (one of the better places to find a sofa or nook where you can have an intimate conversation with some space between you and the nearest stranger).  The tiki drinks are the real deal, although the menu is a bit spare (but it changes often, so you should go back!). They've got their own very nice tiki mugs, too!  This really is a great place to escape the crowd a bit - perhaps because it's not that easy to spot.   Go around the corner from Felipe's Mexican restaurant and find your way up the stairs to the island oasis on the 2nd floor.This bar is a bit hard to find, but it's totally worth it. Head in through Filipe's Mexican Taqueria and take the back stairs up to tiki paradise. The room is dark and has a lounge-y feel to it, with gorgeous tiki-mask lights and a sweet bamboo bar. The drinks were excellent, made with fresh ingredients. The bartenders were friendly and answered questions we had about the menu and the bar itself. They have mugs for sale, so I had to get one to commemorate the experience. Even if you don't like the tiki scene (and why on earth wouldn't you?), it's a great out-of-the-way bar to enjoy some quiet drinks in a city filled with party bars.UPDATE: I was contacted by the owner a few times in which he said he would mail me a mug in exchange for a better review (as seen by his response below). I knew not to hold my breath, no mug ever came. Big surprise.
There's no Mahalo here. I want to love this place. I really do. It's decorated beautifully, the drink I had was decent, but if you love tiki as much as I do, then don't bother with this place. I went 2 nights in a row. The first night the bartender was extremely rude and slamming things around and complaining that they were short staffed and was making it very obvious that he was annoyed I was there (mind you, there were only about 8 people at the bar, and maybe 8-10 more people in the whole place). I had my drink and left. I decided to try to come back again the next night, as they had a specialty mug that I wanted to purchase but forgot the night before. As I waited almost 20 mins to grab a quick drink and a mug at the bar, I decided to scrap the drink idea because that obviously was not going to happen and ask 2 nice gentlemen in front of me if I could just order a mug and be gone and they let me switch spots with them. Once I told the girl bartender that I just wanted to purchase the $45 mug (thinking that'll be quicker for her and she won't even have to make me a drink for my tip), she told me she wouldn't be doing that. She was too busy. It would take took long. I said, "what? How long do I need to wait, because I just walked a mile to get here just to buy a mug?" She said not anytime soon cause she didn't want to walk all the way down to the office to get one, cause that's where they were. "Sorry I don't have an answer for you" and then gave me the most smug look. I'm pretty sure my face said it all, I was dumbfounded. So I left empty-handed. No drink. No mug. An ho wasted. 
Don't waste your time or your money. Go around the corner to Latitude 29 where they are glad you are there and have the true spirit of Mahalo.
What an ultimate disappointment.UPDATE: The owner sent me a mug and made good on his promise. 
There's no Mahalo here. I want to love this place. I really do. It's decorated beautifully, the drink I had was decent, but if you love tiki as much as I do, then don't bother with this place. I went 2 nights in a row. The first night the bartender was extremely rude and slamming things around and complaining that they were short staffed and was making it very obvious that he was annoyed I was there (mind you, there were only about 8 people at the bar, and maybe 8-10 more people in the whole place). I had my drink and left. I decided to try to come back again the next night, as they had a specialty mug that I wanted to purchase but forgot the night before. As I waited almost 20 mins to grab a quick drink and a mug at the bar, I decided to scrap the drink idea because that obviously was not going to happen and ask 2 nice gentlemen in front of me if I could just order a mug and be gone and they let me switch spots with them. Once I told the girl bartender that I just wanted to purchase the $45 mug (thinking that'll be quicker for her and she won't even have to make me a drink for my tip), she told me she wouldn't be doing that. She was too busy. It would take took long. I said, "what? How long do I need to wait, because I just walked a mile to get here just to buy a mug?" She said not anytime soon cause she didn't want to walk all the way down to the office to get one, cause that's where they were. "Sorry I don't have an answer for you" and then gave me the most smug look. I'm pretty sure my face said it all, I was dumbfounded. So I left empty-handed. No drink. No mug. An ho wasted. 
Don't waste your time or your money. Go around the corner to Latitude 29 where they are glad you are there and have the true spirit of Mahalo.
What an ultimate disappointment.I seriously can't get enough of this speakeasy Tiki spot in the French Quarter and if I could go there daily I would. Tiki Tolteca has received awards and high praise for their drinks. This little piece of paradise makes me do the happy dance each and every time.
Once you go up the stairs you'll see the entryway to this intimate space. When you open the door to the bar you'll see a perfect photo opp with your group on the left hand side.
As you walk towards the main bar, this dimly lit spot whisks you into a completely different era. No natural light whatsoever and you can even order food from Felipe's downstairs.
Some of their most known drinks are the pain killer, scorpion bowl (perfect for sharing!), and my personal fave which is the hurricane. The hurricane isn't super sweet whatsoever and is the perfect blend of what I like to call an adult snoball.
Don't forget they're closes on Monday and Tuesdays, but if you make the trip you surely won't be disappointed!Nah. Nah. Nah. Nope. Don't. Look above - 1 divided by 5...isn't amazing. 1 divided by 5 is the lowest choice.My experience here was short lived as we only had one drink and then ventured off for the evening but the little bit of time I spent here was relaxing and very different from the rest of the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter. I ordered a drink off the board of "special drinks" can't recall the name but it was refreshing and strong. I sadly did not enjoy the painkiller that someone next to me ordered. If looked and smelled amazing as they grated the fresh nutmeg over it. The ambience of the place was chill and relaxed, just what you'd expect from a tiki bar,  go figure! 
This place is located directly above Felipe's Taqueria. I guess if I had to say anything bad about this place it's that they aren't open earlier or more days of the week, schedule I saw said 5pm-midnight Wednesday- SundayGood strong drinks! Very low key! Great ambiance! The bartenders are good and attentive. You pay for what you get which is a good amount of booze in the drinks!This is a really cool place for drinks and hanging out. The Mai Tais are legit! Great tiki ambience, amazing and friendly staff, and great snacks, too! Noah, our drink maker, was super skilled and knowledgeable about the drinks and the history behind them. I love this place. Come! Drink! Hang!Local alcohol dive disguised as a "tiki-bar", cant even consider it a "bar" because they only offer 14 specific (Island theme) drinks. Very-very dark with a small bar area and several couch areas and a few high tops. The evening we were there it was only the bartender serving the entire two rooms and bar so service was not very good. The really strange thing, is we bought food downstairs (Felipe's) and they also have a full bar and were told we could eat upstairs but upstairs were told we could only order drinks from the upstairs bar. The only reason for 2 stars and not less is the drinks offered were admittedly, very creative and include fresh items like mint, cinnamon sticks, etc so they are putting the effort into the (14) drink options they do offer.    Just very confusing and unimpressive.So. We've been to this establishment before and had no issue. We ordered FIVE Tiki Punches. When we received our drinks half of them were filled (not to the top mind you). And the other half were slightly filled (not filled to the expected line for SIXTEEN ounce drinks. When we asked Karen (I call her Karen because she gave me Karen vibes) about the pours on our drink, she said that  16 ounce cups don't come with 16oz pours. Well yes Karen, I don't want my drink spilling out off the top. But I expect what I paid for in a $10 drink. My drink was majority ice. Yet John's drink was poured to an adequate point on the cup (not the top, but expected and adequate). Attached is a comparison of our drinks upon receiving them. I don't appreciate her response at all. And I won't be back. And I will tell everyone I know not to visit this place. But I'm sure Mark gets great treatment, with his bell ringing and all.This is a no frills tiki bar, as unpretentious as it can get but drinks that are bonafide good rather than canned pineapple and bottom barrel liquors. And get this, a tiki bar that actually serves their drinks in *gasp* tiki mugs! 
I went during Happy Hour during a Saturday which had excellent drink specials. The mai tai I had here was one of the best I've had and the "What an Aspirin Is", their version of a "painkiller" was delectable and the fresh grated nutmeg on top was an excellent addition. My least favorite, but not bad at all, drink was "The Last Guinea Pig in Cusco" because I swear to god it has a slight taste of pine litter. Ever own a guinea pig? You don't want to imagine you're drinking your rodent's litter. I got a gummy on the house (hurricane flavored) and it definitely packs a potent punch.
edit: went back a second night and I am in (platonic) love with Daniel! He apparently works downstairs but he makes the fuck out of my drinks and knows how to pair flavors. Ask for stuff off the menu (if they're not busy!)I was excited to try this bar. Decor was cool. At most they had 12-15 guest when we walked in...
We sat at a booth and finally after 10 mins we were waited on. Waited another 10-15min and still no beverages.
We walked up to the bar and let the bar staff know that we ordered drinks but never came. The bartender (w/ a beard) said "I'm sorry we got busy" we had already ordered drinks and the again place was not busy. Our waiter never came back. 
Maybe next trip I'll stop in....I love tiki bars and this is a good one.  They are kind of hidden on a second floor.  Once you walk in you will find an awesome little hideaway.  The decor and atmosphere are super fun tiki goodness.  There are lots of tables and seating areas but we chose to sit at the bar.  We received good service and enjoyed talking with the bartenders.  The drinks were excellent, my favorite was  the "Ready for a Rad Summer".  They also have cool tiki mugs here so if you are a collector you will be happy.  Overall I really liked this bar and will be back next time I am in town.I honestly don't get how this place isn't slammed every night. The drinks are fresh, delicious, and cheap (as far as craft cocktails go, at least -- the frozen Hemingway daiquiri was $5!). So do yourself a favor -- take a break from the hand grenades  and frozen gut bombs on Bourbon and get your drink on here!Hands down the bar you have to go to if you're in new orleans
Pro
Everything about this bar is great. The bartender, the cocktails, the place. Had the Mai Tai, Singapore Sling and the Zombi. The drinks are strong, but you can't even tell as its made so well.    
It is very quiet, quaint, super cute as everything is tiki themed and the drinks are super delicious. Just too good. Must go!
Con
No food, but you can get some from felipe's downstairsBARKEEP: NO THAT SEAT IS TAKEN (IGNORES)
Obviously I wasn't part of his preferred crowd. Now, I'd just come from the mean speciousness below Esplanade and was in no mood for his derision (worse, he wasn't even remotely attractive).
TIKI'LL TANK TANDEM WITH OUR DOOMED ECONOMY
The New Orleans movie industry has folded, tourism is off, and oil has dropped by 50%. Post-Katrina federal money has dried-up with no uptick in sight. Transplant Yuccies hanging on here will move away. Depending on a clientele of cash-marginal transients is a failed business plan. Snarky Tiki Tolteca, you are toast.
SO I WALKED OUT AND WENT TO THE CLASSICS:
The Bombay Club, Arnaud's French 75, Davenport Lounge, and Carousel Bar. Good times or bad, they will always survive.Awesome bar above Felipe's. I went there with some coworkers of mine as a going away party. We were helped by "Lunchbox" who was really helpful and accommodating for our small party. Drinks were delicious and we really enjoyed being able to have fun as a last hooray of sorts for one of our colleagues. Thanks lunchbox! And thanks tiki tolteca!This tiki spot is a little know hideout. You actually will walk right past it f you're not paying attention. Tip: it's actually upstairs from the Mexican restaurant on the corner. The ambiance is pretty cool, with plenty of couches and comfy seating. The decor is definitely tropical but tasteful. I love the cute cups they serve everything in, but I have to say that the drinks are not as strong as other tiki bars that I've been to, but they're reasonably priced. I'd give it a try for casual drinks with friends.Needed to kill time with a few friends in the area and this spot was perfect. The AC was a little too much (we were freezing) but the drinks were fantastic. We had the Hurricane, Pacific rim's cup and Blue Hawaiian cocktails, all of which were $6 each during happy hour. Service was spotty at times but mostly decent. 4.5 stars.If you need an escape from a long day at work or a long night on Bourbon, come here and order a Mai Tai or a Painkiller (or even better, both). Fresh ingredients, not syrups and powders.
Intimate spot, think candles and low lighting. Good for dates, happy hours, and celebrations. Best of all, you'll feel equally comfortable there in casual clothes as you will dressed up.
Great bartenders and solid owners/operators who seem to really care about their place and the drinks they serve.The bathrooms were nice, I have recommended this  place to tourists and locals alike. I was excited to come try more of the menu and was not served after being at the bar for 15+ minutes (maybe 15 people in the bar on a slow Sunday night).  We might have been overdressed but we had just finished a birthday dinner at kingfish around the corner.  Can't figure out why the bartender stirred the one cocktail he was making for so long, maybe he thought I was an Atlanta Falcons fan... so we left and told them goodnight for probably the last time, hope they do better in the future, if not for me, for the beautiful people that visit our city and spend their money.This tiki bar has so much going for it!  Great atmosphere, with lots of dark corners and secluded seating areas, with lit up tiki masks on the walls, and cool lanterns overhead.  Great drink menu, with a wide variety of different strength cocktails offered.  I tried the Zombie one night, served in a cute tiki mug, and the raspberry beret the next, served in a plain glass.
It seemed to be a perfect spot for a bridal party to visit - they loved their flaming drink to share.  The guy celebrating his birthday at the bar also loved his flaming drink, although he temporarily lit the actual bar on fire.
Sadly, I did not love our bartender. He was new, having only worked one week, yet he was our bartender the two nights in a row we visited.  He had no idea what ingredients went into the drink special of the day, which obviously was a deterrent to ordering it. He didn't know what was for purchase - I really wanted a tiki mug to bring home.  He never tasted our drinks to make sure they actually came out like they were supposed to, not that he would know what they were supposed to taste like since he repeatedly told us that he had never, ever, made tiki drinks, only martinis.  Plus, he went on just a little too long about his past, his history, his experiences, etc. - it made it hard for us to converse between ourselves.
I do love this bar, and I definitely will be back my next trip in town, but bellying up to the bar will depend on who is the bartender.As far as tiki bars go this one was average. Went in on a night when there were all locals around the bar so could not get a bar seat. I like the dark vibe and Tiki decorations. The older gentleman bartender was excellent and the music playlist, 90s hip hop was cool. Why 3 stars. One of my pet peeves is having specials up on a board but not having them available. The guy in charge did try to make me the drink that they ran out of. It was okay. I'd rather them remove it from the board if they no longer offer them in the first place so I don't even bother ordering it. Kudos for the attempt though. Also I ordered it and the guy in charge seemed like he might have been drunk and forgotten about it so I ordered a second drink 20 minutes later from someone else because he seemed distracted, and then he brought me what he threw together. I did like their cups though fit the painkiller. Just a strange vibe, if like to give it another try if I'm in town again.No pina colodas and very high prices, what a disappointment. Also, I really wish these places wouldn't do private parties.If you are a fan of Tiki Bars, you really should come here and try it out.  
If you are a fan of hanging out in a great bar environment that isn't so loud that you can't converse with friends, you should really come here to try it out.
If you love watching crazy talented bar tenders make all kinds of elaborate drinks with ridiculously fun tchotchkies for garnishes, then this is also the place to go.
If you love rum based... okay, who am I kidding here?  This is a place to try out to suit most any alcohol related ideals that you may have.  It has an amazing atmosphere, overworked but amazing bartenders, and a variety of relaxed seating arrangements to keep you happy as you sip on your alcoholic drinks.  It is not the cheapest place that you will find to drink, but you're not coming here to drink on the cheap, you're coming here for the experience, and they will definitely provide that for you.We found this place because it's a starting place on a cocktail tour we've taken, but we tried several drinks from here and have liked them all.  Their mai tai is fantastic.  So light and refreshing.  The Pain Killer is a fruity, tropical dream of rum, coconut, and pineapple.  The jungle bird is also tasty.  All the drinks here are tropical and delicious and dangerous!  It doesn't seem to stay crowded; out of the few times we've been here, only once did they get a rush of people.  It's quiet, off the beaten path, fun decor.  You'll feel like you've been transported to a remote island.Great spot - lunchbox is the name of the bartender - or at least it is his name tag - really awesome service and excellent quality drinks. Importantly, our non-drinking friend was treated to an excellent mock-tail which is always appreciated!!!I am updating my recent review and adding 1 star.  While my initial review stands, I do appreciate the conversation that I had with the owner/manager (?).  He took the time to respond to my review and we had a conversation about the issues I had with service.  I can't say that they were resolved but he seemed genuinely concerned and it is my hope that he spoke with the bartender to resolve some of the issues.  That said, like I said in my review, the drinks were good and the themeing of the place was awesome, so I would probably give the place another chance the next time I am in New Orleans.It's a great little place to start the night in the Quarter. The tiki bar is upstairs of the burrito place and will usually have one to two bartenders. It can get crowded especially when the tour groups come in making for a long wait for drinks. The bartenders are nice and make their drinks pretty strong. Grab a drink and hang out on the sofas and enjoy the vibes.This is an awesome hidden gem in the french quarter, upstairs at Felipes. All the tiki drinks we tried were really good and refreshing! Lunchbox was our bartender and he was really kind,personable, and made awesome drinks. Glad we found this spot!I usually have a less than stellar experience when I go to Tiki Tolteca, but I keep going back because the drinks are great. My most recent experience, however, will make me think twice about a return trip. 
I walked in shortly after opening on a Saturday afternoon, and I was the only one in there. The bartender was putting away some things and greeted me as I sat down at the bar...then promptly ignored me for the next ten minutes. Whatever was in those boxes he was unpacking must have been more important than serving the only customer in the bar. 
Finally, I was handed two dirty, sticky menus, was told that "not everything was available", and then he left the room. I guess he couldn't be bothered to tell me exactly what drinks weren't available. When he came back ten minutes later, I ordered a Dr. Know-It-All, only to be told that it wasn't available. Of course. Ok, fine, I'll order my standard backup order, the Tiki Shot. I was asked, "Well why the hell do you want that??" Why am I being grilled about my drink choice? Just make me the damn drink!
I downed my shot and left. It was made pretty clear to me that my business wasn't wanted that day, so I went somewhere else for a drink. Like I said, the service I get at Tiki Tolteca usually isn't the best, but this was the last straw for me. I'll think long and hard before I walk in there again.This bar is truly a hidden gem in every sense of the word. To get to it, you have to go through Felipe's Mexican Restaurant, walk to the back of the restaurant, and through a door is the staircase to get to Tiki Tolteca. I go to Felipe's every week, and I didn't even notice it until someone pointed it out to me. After going up and giving it a try, this place has a very cool vibe to it. It's dimly lit with faint music in the background, a great place to wind down and have a good conversation. Everything is tiki-themed​, including the drinks, which you've got to try. Overall, this is a great bar that I recommend visiting.