Cool new Peruvian place at Magazine st. The food overall is excellent (including Titos Lomo Saltado version which has some chimichurri)!Great dining experience!  The Mahi Mahi Ceviche was delicious and so was the Hanger Steak appetizer.  Had the duck for our entree and it was also delicious. We tried some different beers from Peru too. All very good. The staff was friendly and helpful with menu choices.great place away from the madness of the French quarter. Happy hour oysters $1 had a unique topping and were delicious. Octopus was fabulous but the crunchy potatoes served with them were incredible.  Highly recommendedAwesome pisco spurs. I felt like I was back in cusco. Made with pisco 100. For all those novices pisco is a liqueur made from grapes.This place is so great. Seriously one of the best restaurants in New Orleans! Oh my lord. I have gone here twice in the last week. I just can't stay away. I literally have dreams about the ceviche. I will keep coming back until I try it all.
The octopus, the steak, the ceviche, the drinks, the sigh of Lima dessert, the potatoes, oh my!
The duck confit was also great, but I wouldn't recommend unless you want to fall into a deep food coma. 
Great service, atmosphere, and prices. Truly impeccable. 
I'd give six stars if I could.
Keep up the great work!This place is amazing! We tried all the ceviche and they were to die for. The combination of the flavors were so tastey! I was so impressed, we will definitely go here again!Absolute gem!!! We're here for a week and this has been the best place I've eaten!! The menu didn't disappoint. Each family member ordered different items and we cleaned every plate. Luke was an awesome waiter and good conversation! Thank you soo muchMy friend and I loved our Peruvian experience at lunch here.  I had the Tiradito Nikkei appetizer and the delicious Arroz con Merisco entree which next time I will split with someone.  I had what they call  "Sigh of Lima" for dessert and their good Peruvian coffee. Think I will go again sometime just for 
tapas and drinks in the afternoon.Tito's just opened a few days ago and it was written up in an article.  We had no idea it was opening and we were excited about Peruvian food in the neighborhood!!  So, we decided to try it the very night we saw the article, Tuesday night of this week.  I always expect to fine the service and/or the fare a little rough around the edges in the first week but nonetheless, I like to try a new place as soon as I can.  We were lucky as the place was full and we were able to get what seemed to be the last table at 7:00 PM for four!
There was NOTHING rough about Tito's.  The drinks were absolutely fabulous and although I only knew Pisco in a sour before my visit, I have come to realize that Pisco is really versatile and the drink menu here is really creative!!!
The food, the food, the food!  We tried appetizers and entrees from all areas of the menu!  The highlights for me were the Himachi appetizer, the Chaufa de Mariscos and the Lomo Saltado (tenderloin tips).  All the food was absolutely perfectly cooked and honestly I found some flavors I had never had.  The lightly fried crispy seafood and the octopus appetizer were similarly wonderful.  What was also notable was the fact that the food and overall dining experience felt like we were at a place that had been open for a very long time and most certainly not the second day.  I would have expected more hiccups from a new place opened for three months than we got at Tito's on their second day.  Kudos!
The service was fantastic and the waiters already knew the menu and guided us very well!  Our waiter was right on the spot without being overbearing which was great!  At the end of dinner (and after the best Flan I have had in ages), Chef Juan stopped by to thank us after ensuring we enjoyed our experience.  Juan was very gracious genuinely wanted to ensure we liked all we had.
We will absolutely be back for another meal and welcome the wonderful and creative Peruvian food to the neighborhood!!!  Particularly at what I felt was a really reasonable price overall!!!  Please stop in and see them!This is food excellence. From the service, ambience and all of the amazing plates. Nikkei is so delicious I highly recommend this appetite to start. The lomo saltado is perfect with each bite. All of the desserts we tried were too damn yummy! Luke and the owner are super friendly and hospitable. This was a great find tonight and did not disappoint! Amazing. Food coma.The environment is delicate, romantic, peaceful and overall harmonious. This is a the best taste and looking ceviche. Every plate shows how welled it was crafted, every plate shows how much work and thought was dedicated and individually prepared. This restaurant is clean, and the owners take so much pride on their business they come up to every table to make sure all clients are pleased.Walking through the area and stumbled upon this little gem. The outside seating looked so inviting so we had to stop. Simply delicious food with excellent, friendly staff.What a lovely oasis on Magazine Street. We chanced upon Happy Hour and the food was so well-executed that my kids even liked the veal heart skewers and raw oysters. Super friendly service, too!There is no star for Tito's.  I hated the food.  expressed that to one of the  servers.  He had no response at my comments about the appetizer.  Just fine I pushed it away and he finally took it away.  Enter the female bartender who looks like she has been on days of a cocaine/alcohol binge.  I am watching to videos of Peru as I await the main course hoping of something edible.  I say to her I didn't realize how beautiful Peru is.  She says to me "well some of it is but most of it is poverty stricken".   And I am like "Gee I didn't know that.  What a shame."  of course I know that.  So as I awaited the second course of a horrible dinner I decided I will not try to be nice or socially to this female bartender.  Still trying to salvage my experience the male bartender says something that brought up another restaurant I said I don't like the fried egg pizza and what a weird thing it is.  The female bartender standing next to him says to him that I am wrong.  AT that point I asked for my check, paid it and have to say I have dined all over the world and that is the worst place I have ever been.
Food and service -0.Friend was in town and decided to give this new restaurant a try. Pisco drink is so good! The ceviche is to die for and that grilled octopus is like heaven. The flank steak dish is delicious but the lamb shank is on the dry side (not their best dish). This is a cozy little place and it does feel a little uncomfortable when it's packed but that's the atmosphere!Went to Tito's with my cousin for a late lunch and were pleasantly surprised and content with the two different Ceviches we ordered along with the Rice with Shrimp and the Hanger Steak. Everything was delicious and so were the Pisco Sours. We'll be back!Superbly done....every dish we have tried is excellent...it's the fourth time and I keep being surprised.
No need to go on with details of the finger licking of the huancaína sauce...or how we have to stay a couple of hours so we can eat all in the table...is just greatWent there to celebrate my brother in laws birthday and it did not disappoint. Service was great, food was delicious, and the drinks were flowing. The restaurant itself is so quaint and has a nice ambience. Parking can be tricky but that just comes with being in the city. I can't wait to come back with my dog and sit at one of their outdoor tables now that the temperature is cooling down.Atmosphere and outdoor seating is nice. Service was great. The quality of food was ok. I've had better peruvian food at other restaurants. Prices are high for amount abd quality of food you receive.This has probably become my very favorite restaurant in Nola! Where do I begin?! First off the lunch menu is great!!! Reasonably priced! The dinner menu is delicious! They have the best ceviche in the city, and that duck with the Cilantro rice!! Omg! The best I've ever had! The outdoor eating area is super cute too. Every time I go the Chef comes out and greets me! I love this place..Juan's and Tatiana's Cozy, Hip, Cool and Chic'  Restaurant is a Hit!!!  The Ambience is inviting and comfortable both inside dining and breezy Patio dining!  The Staff are informative and attentive!  The Food and Cocktails are over-the-top in Presentation, Quality and Flavor!  Tit's Ceviche & Pisco is a Smash Hit and now one of My Friends and Family Favorite!  Congratulation Juan and Tatiana!!!Second time back. Tuna ceviche amazing but think I like fish better.  Potatoes appetizer well worth the money. Crabmeat salad was tasty and would get again. Bf liked the beef tips a lot.We came here chasing Carmo's Peruvian ceviche and this place was AMAZING. We had four plates of ceviche and a bottle of wine-scallop, carillo, and limo. SO GOOD. The service was fantastic and ambiance top notch. As a local, I am so happy we discovered this place!We had a wonderful meal here. Ordered a few different ceviches, a potatoes dish (papa la huancaina), and shared a few entrees and shared everything among the 4 of us. The lamb (seco de cordero) was incredible and fell right off the bone. Tenderloin tips (lomo saltado) were equally tender and delicious. Duck confit (arroz con pato) with cilantro rice was flavorful and mouthwatering. The restaurant is cozy and romantic and perfect for an intimate meal. You can also sit outside under a string of lights although it is next to the driveway so I personally preferred the inside. But we saw lots of people sitting outside. There's also a hidden parking lot in the back that is somewhat narrow so may not work for large vehicles but we had no trouble navigating with a Honda CRV. Highly recommend and can't wait to go back!My partner and I came here last night to celebrate our anniversary and could not have picked a better place to do so. The ambiance is charming and simple yet stylish. We chose to sit outside amidst the romantic greenery covered walls.  Our server was impeccable, he was knowledgeable, spent just enough time at the table, had a lovely smile, and his suggestions definitely aided in how much we enjoyed our experience there. THE FOOD WAS THE BOMB YALL.  We had the golden potatoes as an appetizer, get them. We both tried their ceviche and I was dancing in my chair with every bite. We'd never had Pisco so we ordered the blueberry and thyme cocktail along with a classic pisco cocktail. They were gone quickly and we had to try the house infused Pisco by itself. We chose the pineapple and smoked wood chips infused Pisco and it was delicious! It was sweet and mildly Smokey with a delicate burn at the end, get that too. We ended our dinner with the chocolate torte and as you can probably guess...it was so good I want to put explicit langue in here. Anyway, do yourself a favor and go.If you've ever had Peruvian food before you won't be disappointed. They also have their own unique spin on flavors while staying traditional where it matters. If you haven't had Peruvian food before you owe it to yourself to try it. It's freaking delicious.Only three weeks since opening and this place was happening.  We got great food, drinks and service.  Being so new, I expected there to be many more hiccups.  None to mention.  Then we walked three blocks to Le Bon Temps, where we fist met, to finish our date night out with a nightcap and some pool.  Perfect date night!Literally the best. Good date night venue. This restaurant takes your palate on a Peruvian excursion.I always pass this place walking from the gym. I didn't really have any exposure to Peruvian food, I thought I may try it finally. I stumbled in alone, still kind of shaky from my workout and awkward due to not being used to eating out alone. The people working there were so, so friendly and sweet and interested in getting to know me. They were very attentive but not overwhelming and very helpful with explaining things from the menu as well as introducing new foods to me. The food was absolutely delicious and came quickly. The cocktail I had was so refreshing. Easily a new favorite restaurant of mine, somewhere I will be sure to tell everyone to visitThis restaurant is the real deal. We came in on a busy friday night and were planning on getting a table but with no reservation we decided not to wait and just eat at the bar. We had an amazing tuna ceviche, the causa cangrejo, the octopus anticuchero and the veal hearts. All of which were delicious. The ceviche was probably my favorite...super fresh fish and the flavors were delicious and my husband looooved the veal hearts. The corn that they send out with the sauce before the meals was awesome!!! We didnt order entrees because we wanted to try a bunch of small things on our first visit. Our bartender, Lindsay, was super accommodating. My husband and I were both impressed with how busy she was and yet still able to give us excellent service. I had the cucumber cocktail and a pisco sour and in pretty sure it's one of the best cocktails I've ever had. My husband got the spicy cocktail and a thyme based drink for dessert that wasn't on the menu and he said the same thing! The cocktails are AMAZING!!!! the food is AMAZING!  We will definitely be back!!!Wow this place blew us away! I'm not sure what we expected but this place exceeded all expectations.  The corn kernels snack was so unique and the ceviche was exceptional, just a little sharp as you'd expect a ceviche to be with amazing depth and complexity that was surprising, the hanger steak appetizer was perfect!  
The duck confit was one of my wife's favorites in NOLA and I had a locally sourced pork belly over greens that was fantastic.  Wait staff was attentive and extremely well informed on the menu.  Lastly management was present and working the room in a friendly, efficient mannerCame here last night for my birthday to have dinner with my husband. It was very nice walking in and quick to be seated. We had a reservation but we got there early. Vibe was very mellow with Spanish music playing throughout the night. Only thing we didn't like was there was no salt and pepper for us on the table. A touch of salt and pepper may have turned up my rice dish a little bit. Other than that I loved our waiter. He gave us very great suggestions for dinner and ceviches.Amazing all around! I came here for lunch a month ago and have only come back time and time again, it was a truly special discovery and I'm happy New Orleans now has a place like this. The food is beyond fresh and incredibly well made, the chef is a champion and sweet man, and the staff comes at you with nothing short of good vibes and warmth each time. I would recommend this to anyone considering popping in!Came for happy hour and ended up eating the entire happy hour menu. The food was so fresh and different, definitely all new tastes! I think the salmon traditio and antichuchos de pollo were my favorite. Drinks were great and the staff was friendly and very helpful. Highly recommend and can't wait to come back for dinner and lunch!Delicious ceviche and salad. Need to come back because there was a lot that looks so good. And of course I need to try each of the city cheese! I had the gulf fish one today.This is probably my favorite ceviche in town. In fact, I'm not sure there is another ceviche option in NOLA. Super fresh fish, very attentive and helpful service, quick turnaround on dishes, nice wine, nice courtyard. The octopus based dishes are yum yum yum.Welcome to the neighborhood! Beautiful restaurant,  great service, food and cocktails were all amazing! Very interesting blend of Asian and Peruvian. Will definitely be back!This place is not to be missed! Amazing fusion of Peruvian and Japanese cuisine.  A must try is the Ceviche Nikkie. 
Our server "Olivia" was super helpful and her suggestions were a hit.We were really pleased with our experience here.  The service was outstanding.  Very knowledgeable, proactive, informative, and attentive.  We ordered Pisco Sours, Cucumber Mules, and Malbecs, all of which were meticulously crafted and/or of top quality.  Two orders of the freshest ceviche(scallop and tuna), the lamb shank, and the crispy seafood assortment were all delicious. The desserts were also impeccable and unique.  Passion fruit tres leches was my personal favorite.  Definitely a welcomed addition to the finer dining scene on Magazine.  Can't wait to go back.We were very excited to try out this new restaurant and it did not disappoint. The happy hour special featured pisco sours and oysters. We opted for pisco sours and they were refreshing and strong.  Like a margarita, but less acidic. We ordered the few things from the starters. Ceviche Nikkei, which was yellowfin tuna, nori, avocado and cucumber, was light and flavorful. Similar to a poke salad but with a citrus dressing. Causa de Pulpo was served Napoleon style with layers of avocado, cooked octopus and smashed potatoes. It was mild in flavor and pale in comparison to the other dishes we tried.  The hanger steak took best in show. Tender and juicy and marinated with just the right amount of spice. I wish we could order this dish was a main course. Lastly, the Jalea Real de Mariscos was a nice alternative to a fried seafood platter. The seafood included shrimp, calamari, and fish filets. The fish was so fresh and delicious! It came with yucca fries, a spicy aioli and marinated onions.  The meal was moderate to expensive in price, but worth it. We weren't served the amuse bouche like the patrons which was disappointing. Would have loved to try it. Overall, strong four out of five stars.Incredible authentic Peruvian food, pretty nice restaurant! Service is excellent. I recommend the Lomo saltado and the Ceviche .We came to Tito's for a friend's birthday dinner. We sat in one of the booths (LOVED this particular seating arrangement). While the food was good, it didn't knock my socks off. Which, to be honest, is what I'm looking for in this city. The restaurant is on the smaller side, so make sure you have reservations on weekends. We went on a Wednesday evening and it was still crowded, so I was happy we made reservations. The entrees were okay, but the small plates/starters were my favorite. As the name would indicate, seafood is the most prevalent ingredient on the menu. The service was good and the atmosphere was nice. The drinks were also amazing - I had a lychee drink of sorts and it was up there with my favorite lychee drinks. I was disappointed by the dessert - it wasn't that great at all - and we ordered three different ones for the table. I'd skip the dessert and go elsewhere if that's something you want to finish your meal. I'd give it another shot, and stick to mostly ceviche and starters, with a couple drinks.I saw this driving by and love a good pisco sour and ceviche, so we decided to give it a go and this is a decision I do NOT regret! Best pisco sour I have had since being in South America!! The ceviche was fresh and delicious, octopus was tender and grilled perfectly, and everything was great! They haven't been open long but I wanted to make sure if you haven't gone to try this place, definitely do! Servers and staff were fantastic and I would love to come back one day!About this restaurant was my first time, and for me mean something new to try and Peru  meal are full of flavor, is tasty and very good, so if I have the chance again to go there I will be happy to do it.It was my first time eating Peruvian food, they have great combinations of flavors, fresh ingredients with much attention to detail in each dish. Will recommend this place to my friends and family.The food was amazing!!! We sat at the bar and the bartender, Toure, was such a cool guy. Made our first experience even better!!!! Can't wait to go back!!!Excellent selection of pisco drinks and ceviche. We had a salmon ceviche and while the portion was limited, the favor was sweet and rich with a peruvian spice that complements the fish perfectly. The pulpo was grilled to perfection: tender and again spiced in a wonderful complex sauce and accompanied by potatoes in a very nice portion. We came on May 5 and enjoyed a great special Mole sauce in honor of the mexican holiday. Duck was tender and flavorful. Service was friendly and impeccable.Straight up best food I have had in New Orleans. The pisco sours are delectable. We tried the Gazpacho (the soup of the day) which was laden with shrimp, the Nikkei Tiradito, the Arroz con Mariscos, and a chicken dish that I am blanking on the name but it included potato chips, beans, and rice. Everything was amazing and if I return to this city I will be returning to Titos!Tito's is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans! When you visit this place, it is a lot like visiting family. The service and atmosphere are warm and inviting, and the food is absolutely delicious. My favorite appetizer is the Nikkei Tiradito, which is pretty much tuna sashimi but with an amazing sauce, like a ponzu, already over it. Oh, and those delicious roasted corn nuts they bring out to the table!! So good!
You really can't go wrong with any of the appetizers. Of course the ceviches are all top notch. I enjoy the causa lots and lots, and you can request it vegetarian style instead of with the crab if you have shellfish allergies or just don't care for it. The 
I've had almost all of the entrees and the two that I always end up with are the Tacu Tacu and the linguine. That canary island bean cake the tacu tacu is served with makes my mouth water just thinking about it. It's beans & rice mixed together and then fried crispy on the outside with yet another amazing sauce over it, and just the right portion of beef tips. These people know their sauces, yall. The basil sauce on the linguine dish just makes all my happy senses fire at the same time. This pasta dish is also plated with a perfect portion of tender, expertly cooked beef. 
Don't forget to order a pisco cocktail while you're there! The pisco cocktail program is outstanding. I'm sure you can get an old fashioned or martini if you want, but seriously, skip your usual cocktail of choice and try the pisco. (There's also a nice wine selection for people who enjoy wine over spirits.)A beautiful place with fabulous food.   Nice change of pace if you haven't been here.   Don't let the white tablecloths fool you, this place isn't some overpriced spot, rather its a delite.
    We had two different ceviche.   One was an ahi tuna with an asian influence, cause face it, Back in the day cultures intermingled.    The other was a mixture of fish and shrimp.    Scrumptious.    From there we had fancy dranks, and later we got into peruvian beers.   I had flank steak with a basil and pecan sauce with linguine which was to die for.    We also had the veal hearts with brabant potatoes which were also to die for.    My friends had the seafood plate with rice and beyond, and another had fried seafood.   There wasn't anything on this menu that we ordered that wasn't a surprize.   They even have sushi.    If you haven't been here yet, what are you waiting on?     I look forward to dining outside when the temperatures go up a bit.    What a great spot.     Cheers.Tito's oh Tito's oh how I love thee. The food here is scrumptious. The cuisine is Peruvian with an Asian fusion.  They create their own Pisco and ferment them in different fruit. I think I tried a shot of the grape which was strong, and smooth. 
We appetizers on the ceviche which was so freaking good. For my platos Del Mar I selected the Pescado a lo Macho was absolutely amazing!  Everything was so all of the ingredients were fresh, the flavors paired so well. 
The ambiance is quaint we chose to sit outside because the weather was nice but after sipping the Pisco I got a little hot, and they had huge outdoor fans which are appropriate for Nola weather. 
I will be returning to Titos and I recommend everyone try it at least once.Found this place on accident while driving down Magazine and I'm so glad i did! The food is delicious and there's $6 piscos during happy hour. You have to have the octopus and potatoes. Good for small and large groups!First time visiting this pretty place when I went to dinner with a friend last Thursday. 
Let me start with the highlights, which were abundant. The location is lovely. The ivy building was in need of a great restaurant to add some liveliness to this gorgeous part of magazine street. The space inside is intimate, but doesn't feel too cramped, and whoever did the interior design was smart because it wasn't loud in there at all. 
My waiter was great. Friendly, attentive, and for a brand new restaurant nothing was "missing" from the menu nor late to the table. He recommended a specific pico cocktail to me to suit my tastes and I loved it (ordered two hehe). 
I ordered the tuna and avocado ceviche. WOW. it was incredible. Highlight of the meal. Bit more Asian flavored than traditional ceviche, but I honestly preferred it (less vinegar).
The second part of the meal was the mouth watering beef tenderloin tips. Served traditional Peruvian style I thought it was grade A. Meat was not over cooked, flavor was perfectly balanced, and I appreciated my server stating that this wasn't a spicy dish like some others on the menu, but that I could've had it spicy if I wanted. I usually prefer spicy, but I wanted to let the flavor of the meat shine and I'm glad I did. 
The only reason I'm not giving Tito's 5 stars is because the octopus appetizer I ordered was sadly overcooked. Although it was obviously supposed to be "charred," it crossed that fine line and was burned. Not a big deal, I just love octopus and hopefully next time I order it it will be perfect. It's an understandably difficult dish to master in the first few weeks of service. 
Final pro: the restaurant was super packed which is fun. Although we had some restaurant closures in Nola this summer, it's clear they're being replaced with better substitutes and Tito's is a shining example.The BEST ceviche, we had yellowfin and the shrimp, both in different sauces that were to die for!  Had the papas a La Huancaina and it was divine along with the causa congrejo (crab)... ohh la la.  The ensalada verde was the best salad I've had in so long, must have been the dressing.  Everything we had to superb, but the creme de la creme were the cucumber mules.  It was all so good, I brought my friends back the next day to experience it and it was just as good as the previous day.  And the prices are reasonable and the staff extremely friendly and efficient.  Go there now!!There's nothing we ordered that wasn't fabulous! Unfortunately the flan is out of stock the day we arrived, which is a huge pity..... We visited some of the highest rated restaurants in NOLA such as GW Fins, Trenasse, Luke, Compère Lapin, and this is no doubt our favorite.Unbelievable.   Soooooo amazing.  Really glad we stayed in an Airbnb nearby and wandered over last night.  They were crazy accommodating when we showed up as a 4 top with no reservations.  Everything we had was a perfect blend of flavors and textures with awesome bevvys to top it off.  Highly highly recommend the octopus appetizer, lamb shank entre, and the tri tip linguini dish.  So so good!My initial impression of this place wasn't very good. We were sat on a Friday night, and it took more than 10 minutes to get a server to our table. Once we got a server, we ordered two cocktails, and man, does pisco make a great drink. Every single drink we ordered was delicious, so honestly you can go wrong no matter what you decide. For the appetizer we ordered the maracuya, which had a perfect combination of salmon, passionfruit, and chili. Honestly the best raw fish dish I've ever eaten in my life. Next we had the ceviche nikkei, wasn't as good as the maracuya but still phenomenal. For my entree I got the pescado a lo Macho. I loved having both fish and seafood in my dish because I have a hard time picking between the two. I love aji cream sauce. The flavors and textures of this dish really just made it so perfect. If the service hadn't been disappointed I likely would've given 5 stars. I'll definitely be back to this restaurant and will update my rating if the service is better.The blueberry sage drink is delicious.   The ceviche Nikkei is wonderful.   Cannot complain about the staff.  They have been great in true NOLA styleOne of the unsung hero restaurants in New Orleans. Great food incredible atmosphere and wonderful outdoor area. I came one night and ate at the bar and I would recommend doing that.Great Antrees, main course and desserts! Ashley is a great host. Everything so clean, fresh and delicious! It's a must go..Definitely plan on repeating Tito's for more Peruvian fare and a chance at redemption. Food was good but our first time was sloppy service on a platter. Our server was nice, but overwhelmed. We encountered hiccups of a newly opened restaurant...first week of opening.  Price you pay for being avant-garde foodies, I guess. Some examples: alcohol in a non-alcoholic beverage, waiting on silverware while food was getting cold and others were eating, and drinks coming late missing the intended pairing. I can name only one thing unforgivable: inadequate water supply. What if I were choking? 
The neighborhood needed something different and Tito's can fill that gap with its Peruvian menu. We were a group of four and we shared 4 starters and 2 different entrees, as well as dessert. Menu definitely caters to fish and meat lovers alike. 
Our orders:
-Ceviche nikkei - yellowfin tuna goodness that was so refreshing in NOLA summer weather; perfectly citrusy without the fish being mushy. 
-Anticuchos de corazon - veal hearts, initially daring, but not as much when we had it. It was like any meat dish with chimichuri sauce served via skewer, if you're easily impressed. Dish was fair. 
-Causa de cangrejo - the server had me at potatoes; surprised me that it was served chilled, but it is LA crab meat, so preparation was plausible 
-Yuca fries - offered as a side, but I ordered as an appetizer. Comes with yummy aioli. Will repeat again and again.
-Entree shared with Chris B: tallarines verdes con bistek, aka linguine with bomb.com hanger steak
-Our friends got a meat and rice dish, not sure which, I had a bite and I could easily order that next time, too. 
-Finally, we concluded with their cheesecake, it was flan-ish in texture. Not sure what I ate exactly but it was great flavor. They were out of coffee when I ordered.  Not having any coffee after dessert is close to a cardinal sin in Spanish culture. Tsk tsk. 
For our server's shortcomings, she deserves credit for taking the time explaining everything on the menu to us, sometimes more than once. 
Will be visiting again. Please have coffee.What isn't there to LOVEEEEE about this place!?!!!!
The food the drinks the atmosphere are all incredible!!! And the owners are the most wonderfully humble hardworking two people you will ever meet!! Thanks Juan and Tati for always making the most incredible EVERYTHING! And bless Peru for Pisco!!!My girlfriend and I were super excited to try out Tito's, had been craving ceviche and had never been to a higher end Peruvian restaurant. First and foremost, reservation is a must, little to no chance of getting seated without one. 
The atmosphere was really pleasant, the staff was super nice and helpful and attentive. 
The ceviche Nikkei was absolutely delicious, a must have. 
We look forward to coming back! Sorry for not having pictures but we couldn't help ourselves.Everything we got was amazing. We started off with the ceviche, which was super tasty. Then we had the Pescado a lo Macho, a wonderful creamy fish and other seafood dish. We topped it all off with some Jucuma Ice Cream. I'm looking forward to our next visit.Tito's is such a cute little restaurant!
Upon my arrival, I was first to arrive (from a party of 4) and let them know there were reservations made. I was seated right away although the rest of my party had not made it yet. Thanks! Got a head start on a cocktail. Haha.
Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. He brought us out complimentary nuts. Casually ate them while we waited for our food. We ordered the grilled octopus, bistec, nikkei ceviche, salmon appetizer, and arroz con marisco. Everything was delicious! My favorites were the salmon and bistec. The sauce that was mix with the green pasta that accompanies the steak was on point. 
Not realizing how fast the time passed, we ended staying there until it was closing time. We apologized for being the only table left and staying so late but the workers were all nice and didn't give us any trouble. Sorry again, guys!
My experience was lovely. Please give this place a try especially if you're feeling exotic..perhaps Peruvian!My pregnant stomach can only handle super fresh food, and this was amazing and super fresh to say the least.i got the corn bisque and the salad with avocado dressing. The soup has chili oil in it and it's to die for. The salad was wonderfully salt and crunchy. The mix of savory and spicy I was looking for!
Also there is like this giant corn stuff in the bisque and it amazeballs. Thank you for reading!
EDIT: Got dessert. Fantastic.Tito's Ceviche & Pisco was highly recommended to me by a couple of my friends, so i was very determined to swing by and have a couple dishes to try! And now, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PERUVIAN GEM to all of my friends! 
Their portions of main entrees were very huge!  Definitely recommend sharing between at least two individuals! I had the arroz con mariscos and (so sorry i cannot remember the name) a dish that had verde pasta with hanger steak! The pasta was extremely creamy and the hanger steak was so flavored and juicy; they complimented each other very well! The arroz was like comfort food, and was heavily portioned with various types of seafood: scallops, shrimps, etc. you name it! I shared with my partner and we still came home with leftovers (not complaining)! It is my goal by the end of this year to come back and try everything on their menu!I don't usually write reviews but dammnnn there foood is good as FUCKKKKKKK.....the duck is to die for and Lomo SaltadoTito's is one of my all-time favorite restaurants- after living in NOLA for four years and trying tons of spots I can still say that this place is one of the best. Incredibly fresh and delicious ceviche and sashimi dishes, PHENOMENAL crunchy papas bravas, amazing hanger steak skewers and octopus skewers, wonderful fish dishes, delicious quinoa salad - you can't go wrong with any of it. Very moderately priced and lovely homey ambiance- owners are so incredibly sweet. Can't rave enough about it!!I enjoyed Tito's a lot, but I find the pricing a bit too high. I think Magazine is just getting too expensive for me in general.
I do love me some Peruvian food though, so high chances I'll be back.
The ceviche, causa, and pisco sour were very good. I had the duck and it was enjoyable but I found the cilantro rice it was served with too salty. All the main dishes that my dining companions ordered looked good but from what I tasted, it looks like the apps are way superior to the mains. 
I may need to stick to visiting Tito's for drinks and appetizers so I get the things I enjoy the most and don't break the bank.Wow! Go to this place now! What started off with a minor snafu with our 4-top reservation ended in one of the best meals we've had in the neighborhood in quite a while. We did not have one bad dish, or drink for that matter. The pisco sours were perfectly made and refreshing. We had the Ceviche Barrio, Ceviche Nekkei, Tiradito Classico, the Hangar steak and octopus skewers, the crab appetizer, and the papas. On a recommendation from our amazing and attentive waitress, we ordered the mixed seafood fried rice and the side of beans. I honestly can't even rank the dishes because they were all equally delicious. Toward the end of our meal, the chef/owner stopped by our table to personally address the reservation issue - which was entirely unnecessary but very kind. The food and service both get an A++! We will definitely be back - a bunch.Excellent restaurant and differentiates from the way too many creole style fare of most restaurants in New Orleans.  Owner Chef very hospitable and true to the superb flavors of famous Peruvian dishes.By far one of my all time favorite Peruvian restaurants.  The entire experience was excellent.  
We share four plates and it was one hit after another.  The combinations of flavors worked incredibly well.  
Our wait staff was very helpful and provided good guidance on our dishes.  We will be looking forward to our next visit.  
We had the yellowtail ceviche that was a great balance of lime, fresh fish and onions. We had the crab appetizer that was a nice contradiction to the other dishes. We tried the Anticuchos de Res and found this to be a favorite.  A great balance of meat and potatoes.  
Lastly we split the limo saltado.  A close second to the Anticuchos.Four of us. Started with ceviches, mine was awl Limeño or seafood, very good;others order the octopus, lobster they were very good. We had the  Pisco drinks, maracuya, coconut, they were good. Entres we had lamshank, fish, lobster. They were good. Needless to say our bill was $300 plus tip.Toda la comida espectacular y la atención excelente ,gracias a Gabriela por su atencionTito's is a culinary experience. It is like taking a food excursion to Peru. 
The place is cozy and warm. The staff is pleasant and helpful. 
All four of us enjoyed the Pisco... a Peruvian brandy that is made from a mix of wine. 
All the plates we ordered were flavorable and tasty. We were all impressed with the chef and the staff. 
This is a true experience and an enjoyable spot to have great food.As someone that eats out at a different restaurant 3 or 4 times a week, Tito's easily stands out in my top 3 favorite places in New Orleans as a place I will never get tired of.
The food is consistently AMAZING. I have loved everything I've tried, which might be close to the whole menu at this point. Highly recommend any of the ceviche and the grilled octopus.
The service is great, always friendly, helpful, quick but never rushed. I like to sit at the outside tables.
side note: The ONLY thing I wouldn't recommend is the "crispy" seafood plate, by crispy they mean fried, it doesn't really fit in with the rest of the Peruvian menu. There are so many better plates to choose.My wife and I found this out of the restaurant and so glad we did.  The food was amazing, we shared an order of anticuchos and lomo saltado.  Both were excellent choices.  The service was great, our servers made sure we were taken care of at all times.  It is worth the trip.Had dinner there Saturday night and found everything to be wonderful:  the cocktails, the ambiance and the food were all super.  Our waiter was great too. Such a warm and pleasant restaurant.  We will be back soon.First time having Peruvian food and it was okay. I went during lunch. I made reservations the day before for two and mention it was my boyfriend birthday on the phone and ask if they do anything special. They said either a shot of pisco or a dessert. So upon entering I said I had a reservation for Le for 2 and the man said he didnt have any reservations for me. Luckily it was an empty restaurant. I order the shrimp ceviche, chicken skewers and steak with pesto pasta. 
Shrimp ceviche- very refreshing and light. The sweet potatoes added a nice sweetness to the dish. The only con was the portion size. It's served in a small Martini glass  
Chicken skewers- the potatoes were crispy and delicious but the chicken itself was bland 
Steak and pesto pasta- the pasta was amazing. Super flavorful and delightful to eat. The sad part was the steak. It was chewy and quite under seasoned. Overall the experience was nice for my first time trying Peruvian food. Hopefully in the future the proteins will be more properly seasonedHIDDEN GEM IN THE CITY!
I have been wanting to explore global cusine lately. The peruvian theme has been on my mind. I looked up some places, polled my friends and decided to stop in. I came here with 2 friends. 
We had the best time here. We ordered the yellow fin tuna, grilled octopus, potatoes. The octopus was amazing. We also ordered the chicken wings and lamb. For dessert, we got the flan, picarones and sorbet. All three excellent choices.While the food was good, I thought it should have been better based on the reviews. The sauces were heavy and overpowered the base elements. The sangria was delicious and the service was good.Me encanto el tiradito de maracuya ..pulpo asado ..el pisco sour la atencion estuvo excelente.What a beautiful new uptown gem! Such a unique space and fantastic cocktails! Great for outside dining as well. The staff is very attentive and knowledgeable. The restaurant is family owned and makes you feel like you are at a Peruvian home. 
All the ceviche was yum! My favorite was the tuna and avocado. The Yuca fries are a must! The fried seafood dish was delicious!
Definitely a new hot spot! Check it out!I give it 4 stars for food and 2 stars for service, but it's clear that the service issues are fixable and due to a lack of training. Our server never told us her name, but she was a red-haired girl who was quite nice, yet completely inept. She knew nothing about the cocktail menu, food menu, or even the beer or wine offerings. For example, when asked which of the 3 beers they offer was most like a lager (she looked puzzled, so we said "like a Heineken"), she needed to go ask the bartender. Again, they only serve 3 beers! Same with the wine. We asked her which of 2 unfamiliar wines from the list (of only 5 whites) would pair better with the poached fish, and she needed to ask the bartender. We asked her what an unfamiliar ingredient was in the poached fish dish and she said "a kind of sauce." That's it. Turns out it was a broth with flavor similar to fish stock. Etc., etc. We actually felt bad for her because she seemed so nervous, but man was she bad! She got all of our seat numbers wrong so when other servers would run the food and drinks out, it would invariably end up in front of the wrong person (there were only 3 of us!) She neglected to give me a plate for my mussel shells, never checked in after the entrees were delivered, never offered a second glass of wine despite them being empty, never refilled the waters until one of the chefs who delivered the food pointed it out to her, etc. You get the picture. That said, the food was amazing! We had the grilled octopus appetizer (the potatoes are delicious!) and also shared a mixed seafood ceviche. It was really good and not as sour as the Belizean or Mexican ones we are accustomed to - a nice change! All entrees were excellent: duck confit; poached fish; and a mixed seafood plate with an aji (still don't know what that means, but it was all over the menu) cream sauce. It's clear the chef/owners are Back of the House focused and really deliver amazing food. They just need to up their Front of the House game.We have eaten here several times and each time has been better than the last. This is great news because we are located within walking distance !Incredible! I came in around 8 on a Thursday night and it was v busy so I was seated at the bar. The bartender was fantastic w every step of my order from which drink to helping me try an assortment of all their different proteins like Octopus arm, that was AMAZINGLY tender & tasty, and the veal hearts, and steak w different beds of greens and quiona w mixed fresh veggies and perfectly roasted potatoes!! The spicy pisco drink is totally worth it, and the bartender is super knowledgeable about how to switch the menu you up, if you're wanting something a little different than the way it come, even w delivering drinks and taking care of other people everything came out super fast, and i Loved it, even the other servers that were coming by were polite and funny, would definitely recommend, and come back 10/10Randomly stumbled upon Tito's during a rain filled afternoon in the Garden District.  Had good reviews and although the place was really quiet, I'm glad we stopped in!  Loved the steak skewers I got and the Pisco Sour was also spot on.  Oh and don't forget to check out their happy hour!Peruvian Restaurant located on Magazine St. in Uptown New Orleans.
I would recommend a reservation on a weekend night.
The restaurant offers indoor and outdoor seating but I would recommend outdoor seating if the weather is comfortable.
The outdoor patio was beautiful with hanging lights and the lingering scent of the nearby azaleas.
I started my meal with a superb Sauvignon Blanc from Peru. For my meal I had the Lomo Saltado. It was delicious.
Friendly staff, good ambiance, great food.Bartender Matt was awesome! He had Peruvian food knowledge for days! thanks for all the great feedback, my husband and i will be returning on multiple occasions to try as many dishes as possible. This was such a win on flavor town tonight.. must Repeat repeat repeatDelicious! Great service! My wife and I had two of their cocktails which were REALLY good, can't remember which ones , something with pisco. We split a ceviche and another small plate which were both excellent. And he we each had a large plate, I had the lamb shank which always done perfectly, and she had a crispy seafood plate which was delicious. The portions for the small plates were really pretty big and the big plates were very big. Neither of us could finish our meal and that is not normal for me. Will definitely be coming back here!We ordered take out here. One, their phone staff do not know what they are serving - I asked for pescado ceviche... and she said "won't don't have pescado we have yellowtail and salmon ceviche. " Hmmm okkkkayyy, sure. So then I just asked for their classic ceviche. And she said "we have the Leche de tigre & something I didn't catch." She was getting kind of tudy because we were clearly speaking different languages (but both speaking English). Luckily I knew that the leche de tigre is the same thing as a classic ceviche. I'm sure they were busy so I let her mild attitude slide. They were jam packed on a friday evening so be ready for a wait or a loud place on the weekends. We were just craving some ceviche to bring back to the hotel and it was amazingly delicious. Just enough spice (if you asked for spicy). It was a small serving, however... so if you want enough, I'd suggest ordering 3-4 orders for two people. Personally, I love authentic Peruvian places and the fact that she doesn't even know what pescado is speaks volumes. Know what you're selling, okay? And don't get attitude because things aren't wrapped in the pretty bow that you are use to. Personally, I'd go somewhere else next time I visit. I like moms and pops places (Cuzco next door is my next try) - they know what they are doing. This place is an Americanized version of Peruvian food, but still delicious... so I can't rate them anything less than a 4.This place is a total gem. The chef is incredibly talented and each dish we tried was fresh and delicious. The  ceviches and tiraditos were standouts for me!This was my first time trying this place and I must say I was a bit skeptical at first. While I love pisco sours, I generally am not too big on ceviche. We went here the other night for a friends birthday surprise dinner. We had pisco sours of course,  and shared three different ceviches and two entrees amongst the table. Let's just say everything was great and I definitely discovered that not all ceviche is created equal! Must try for Peruvian cuisine in the city!Amazing! After stalking this restaurant on yelp we made reservations for Valentine's Day. This was my first time having Peruvian food so i was a little worried as to what to order. The waitress was very friendly and explained the menu for me. This was instantly one of my favorite places! . As far as the prices... worth every penny. You can tell when ingredients and food is fresh. For anyone suggesting it was too expensive for what you get i suggest chili's 2 for $20 ;)This place blew my mind away!! A friend recommended this place to me and I'm so thankful that she did. First off, if you've never had Peruvian food then PLEASE come here and try it. Especially if you're into seafood... from the ceviche to the entree dishes there were so much love put into cooking everything that I can honestly feel and taste it lol. 
Great quality, great portions and bold flavors. 
The owner/chef (I believe) was also very involved as he walked around to make sure everyone was doing well and even brought dishes out personally.
Fantastic entrees that we ordered: 
1. Tallarines vedes con bistec
2. Arroz con mariscos
3. Pescado a lo macho 
Overall 10/10 recommend. Such a cute little homey place to be in on Magazine Street! I would recommend making reservations in case however they do take walk ins. Great place for a dinner date as well :)The food here is really really good. The ceviche is my favorite and I love it. I've dined on a few occasions and each time the food was great. The portions are small (especially for the price) but the food is very good.First time here for date night. Appetizers were Tiradito Nikkei & Ceviche Nikkei which were delicious. Entrees were Tallarines Verdes con Bistee(hubby loved it) & Arroz con Mariscos(delicious). We also order the Lychee cocktail it's good but I tasted more alcohol then the Lychee which I don't like too much. If I just wanted alcohol I'd rather just drink a shot. My only complaint was that the waiter accidentally threw away my leftovers (which they did replace) but when I brought it home I felt it was less then what I had originally had leftover with less seafood in it too. I still had several shrimp and mussels in my original plate and the replacement was more rice then anything.Wow out of this world food !!! The food is so flavorful Latin cuisine for all taste buds if you like flavor.  The ceviche, lomo saltado, desserts are amazing.  We pretty much ordered everything from the menu. Oh did I mention they have the best cocktail drinks. If you like cucumber then have cucumber mule ..  Amazing !!!!Best, best, best food !!I cannot believe it took me so long to try Tito's! I had an absolutely fantastic time at Tito's. I went for the their happy hour with a friend and had some pisco sours and yucca fries. Just outstanding. Definitely the best pisco sour I have ever had. I ordered the ceviche criollo and it was amazing. It had a nice level of spice to it and it was a hearty portion of fish, so I was quite full after. The service at Tito's was extremely fast and our waiters were very helpful and cool. I will definitely be returning here soon. They have mostly street parking and a very cool building covered in green vines.Outstanding.  Absolutely the best meal I had in New Orleans all week.  Great service. The seafood ceviche was beautifully balanced with shrimp, fish, red onion and Peruvian corn and the perfect acidity.  The grilled octopus was super tender with a great spicy flavor.  Best I have ever had. Big portions.  Gorgeous presentations. Think outside the box of standard NOLA venues.  15 minute drive from downtown. Not to be missed.We try Peruvian restaurants when traveling and usually disappointed, however Tito's was excellent. We started with anticuchos. They were a happy hour special and we ended up ordering 2. I tried the special of black drum over angel hair and multiple veggies.  Excellent. This is a reasonably priced place with plenty of seating and nice decor. We were very pleased.Great service and amazing food! Make sure and try the octopus dishes! The fish was amazing and the hangar steak with linguine is to die for! Love this place.I was in from out of town (Florida) and chose this restaurant based on the reviews and because My friends and I really wanted Peruvian food. Sadly, I was highly disappointed. 
We made a phone order to go and the bill was high for what we ordered ( around $103): 2 lomo saltados, un anticucho, tallarin verde (but with huancaina sauce), a chicha morada, and an Inca Kola. 
We walked in and the hostess was polite and kindly told us to go the bar to pick up or phone order. The bartender brought out our food and our bill. We looked over the bill and realized the prices were more expensive than their online menu suggested. We asked her, "why?". And her answer was, "I don't know. I just started this job about 3 weeks ago and I told you the price over the phone."  
Two more servers tried to see what we needed help with and neither of them were able to tell us why the prices differed. Finally, a Latina lady approached us (I'm assuming she was the owner) and started speaking to us in Spanish, asking what we could be helped with. We told her the situation and her response was, "I've told my website developer to update the menu prices many times and he hasn't done it yet. This happens all the time." Finally after talking to us, she was hesitant but agreed to honor the online menu prices- it was about a $10-$15 difference. 
We paid the bill, in good faith. When we checked the bill, we realized she only took $8 off the bill - not even the amount she agreed to take off. Also, the bartender had an attitude- she didn't hand us the bill. She let the bill fall onto the bar and said, "here's your bill."  
Now on to the food review...I was highly unimpressed with the food. The lomo saltado was over salted (had too much soy sauce), and the meat was not tender. It was in cubes instead of slices.  The portion sizes were small for the price we paid. 
The chicha morada was ok- it had way too much ice and had too much lime. So it tasted more like lemonade than chicha. 
Unfortunately, I will NOT be going back to this restaurant.Tito's was a great dining experience with incredible food. We enjoyed pisco sours, the gulf fish ceviche, the pan fried fish appetizer, and cheesecake to finish. Each dish was perfect - in particular the ceviche, which I would happily eat for every meal. 
The service was great. Our waiter was always around, and others would often stop by to ask if we needed more water and clear plates. 
Overall, I highly recommend this spot. It's a little pricey, but perfect for a date night or girls night. There are two patios that make it extra appealing when the weather is cooperating.Phenomenal date night type of spot. The food and vibe were very comfortable. We actually tried multiple tapas. The octopus was nicely done. Ceviche was refreshing. Great dinner and wine plus we even stuck around for dessert. Very tasty. Ill be back.Friendly staff, great drinks, amazing food! The fish was super fresh and some of the flavors reminded me of my native Spain. Probably the best meal I've had in a long time. We will certainly come back!I've never been to a Peruvian restaurant and I am so glad I happened upon this one. Delicious! Wonderful Hamachi, Ceviche, Octopus, Filet tips, lamb shanks and inventive drinks. We had a Saturday lunch there which was fairly peaceful. Our server was extremely helpful as far as helping us through the uncharted menu.Amazing. The food, Chef Nanyo, the waitstaff, everything was such a treat. 
DONT...
-miss out on the Anticuchos. Crispy potatoes mixed with this amazing, creamy sauce underneath your choice of grilled meats served on a kabob. I chose the Anticuchos de Corizon (Hearts). Every bite was definitely one to savor, the crispy potatoes complimented the skewered hearts perfectly. 
*Dinner menu offers different protein choices, so be aware of that.
-... forget to order one of the ceviches. I opted for the shrimp just because I was in the mood. Guess it didn't really matter which protein I chose to accompany the ceviche, because the flavors had just the right amount of acidity to make your mouth pucker and water with each bite.
-.. hesitate to get to know the chef behind the doors, the cuisine, and the specials! Curiosity didn't kill this kitten,  just because I've never had Peruvian food and also I wanted to know the source of the plan behind the menu. Shoutout to Wikipedia for helping me do my research (had to site my other sources somehow ; P ). 
My entree choice.. no surprise here, "Arros Con Patos."
I originally had my heart set on trying their crispy duck leg, but when I got there and after going over the menu with the lovely waitress, Allison, I really wanted to get something else, but I'm glad I stuck to my guns. That dish was packing. Super generous portion. Idk how else to describe this dish, it was amazing. Crispy skin on the outside, super tender on the inside, not too rich at all. The rice complimented the duck in such a way, didn't overpower the flavors of the duck, but it certainly didn't take away from being apart of the showcase. 
I was stuffed before my entree came out, but in the end, I walked out with some dessert. Alfajores. These were the man-do-they-really-melt-in-your-mouth-cookies. Center filled Leche, layered between two soft cookies, topped with a light, sweet/tart jam and what I think might've been powdered sugar. Superb!
So, I've been told the dinner menu is suppose to be slightly different than the lunch menu, and have taken the hint that the dinner menu is definitely special, so don't miss out on it. I've also been told that the weekend tends to bring delicious, specials designed by Chef Nanyo. I can't wait to come back again. Everything was truly a treat to me, and am super grateful to have met such a great team there. This place has only been running for 8 months, according to Chef Nanyo. I do hope things continue to look up for them. From the food to the service, all truly amazing. Keep up the great work guys! 
Hats off everyone. I can't wait to come back.Soo, i decided to dine in again, on a Friday night, at the last minute. Glad I did! Sat at the bar, didn't care too much if it was crowded, I just had to get my fix. Dinner time menu, had the Anticuchos de Pulpos, Ceviche de Barrio, and one of the dinner specials (i forgot the name of it, but it was Pulpos -sashimi style-, topped with some type of chili oil and some chorizo -the chorizo was a very nice touch!-). Everything was delicious, as usual, and service was great (not pretentious, or anything, these people are super sweet). So, I also got to meet the lovely proprietors of the establishment. They are so sweet, always continuing to make sure their guests are doing fine and having a good time. Never had Peruvian food, and super glad that they chose to bring it here to New Orleans. It gave me a chance to do a little research about more than just the food culture and try things that aren't you're typical down here. Go TeamTitos, this place and the entire staff is sizzling!Great ceviche, haven't tried the Pisco.  We've been here a couple of times, always get Ceviche de Barrio and the Tallarines Verdes Con Bistec, which isn't ceviche but still very good.  Also, the Caramel pudding is great.Took my girlfriend here on a dinner date and man I was blown away by the atmosphere, service, and food!! 
Ordered the Pulpo a la parilla (grilled octopus) , Arroz con marisco (mixed seafood aji Amarillo rice), Tallarines verdes con bistec (linguini basil sauce hangar steak), Maracuya flan (passion fruit custard), and Lucuma cheesecake! Everything was on point! Will be back.Who would think one would want Peruvian food when visiting New Orleans with a wide array of great Creole Cajun restaurants at every turn. Well, if you visit Tito's you will understand why! Authentic Peruvian food served in a lovely environment with top notch attentive service. Love our waitress Ali who has served us on a few occasions. Other wait staff, such as Tim, are excellent as well. Makes the experience even more wonderful. We look forward to returning.Unique, spicy flavors with beautiful presentation in a crowded, small, loud space.
The tiraditos were amazing, and I preferred them to the ceviches we tried. My friend loved the clasico; I really enjoyed the nekkei. The limeño ceviche didn't compare.
Causa de cangrejo is basically fancy potato salad, but it was beautifully plated. Egh.
Get the steak and green pasta- absolutely perfect.
Biggest complaint: there's no goddamn Crown in their bar. Otherwise fine selection of booze.Tito's gave us an excellent dining experience.   They offer a fresh, innovative  selection of dishes that one doesn't normally associate with New Orleans.
Our group of six shared several items so we could all experience a good spectrum of the Peruvian dishes.
The Nikkei Ceviche was my favorite appetizer, but our group raved about the very tender grilled octopus and  the hanger steak.
Our entrees included a delicious pan seared black drum with a nice Ajicream sauce.  The Arroz con Mariscos was similar to a paella, full of shrimp, octopus, mussels and several other seafood goodies.   The beef tips was also a good entree.
The service was very good.  The bar was very busy serving a variety of specialty drinks.   Pricing is very reasonable.This place is great.  The food is fantastic.  Very fresh.
The drinks are top notch as well.
The wait staff is friendly and attentive.
Granted I love ceviche type of food, and this is basically peruvian ceviche.  We love going here.Honesty can't believe I haven't reviewed Tito's! Tito's Ceviche & Pisco holds a special place in my heart because it was on the "hot & new list" when I suggested it as a first date for bubs & I. We had an amazing meal & have gone back several times!
I recommend ordering
-Ceviche Nikkei 18$
-Tiraditos Maracuya 12$
-Pulpo a la Parrilla 15$
-Tallarines Verdes Con Bistec 26$Really good! Went for lunch and had the ceviche, anticuchos de Corazon and lucuma cheesecake...all declicious. Super friendly staff, and as a native Peruvian myself I was very impressed with the authenticity of it all.Delicious. Great ceviche (we tried 2 kinds, loved both). Also got the steak appetizer with mini potatoes - also amazing. Yelp says not great for kids but they were really great with our 2 little ones in tow. Great service. Great drinks (Pisco sour and a cucumber Pisco drink). Great food (very fresh tasting, not too heavy). Can't wait to return.Absolutely delicious (& safe)! 
This place is amazingly delicious, and I'm so sorry it took me three years to get here. I'm always wary of visiting a new place in pandemic times, but I'd heard their safety measures were high level - and I definitely felt safe. Social distancing, indoor & outside seating, pick up / take out, all servers were gloved and masked, patrons were masked. Reservations definitely are suggested though I don't think they're required so long as you're willing to go find somewhere to hang out and wait. We called in to make reservations same day, about 2-3 hours ahead, and that was fine. 
The atmosphere is fun with upbeat music in the background and beautiful art everywhere. Service was excellent - everyone seemed attentive and knowledgeable.   
The food portions are large without being wasteful. We could've gotten away with ordering 3 apps as a meal and been satisfied. We wanted to try quite a few things though, so we had drinks, an app, ceviche, and entree. We didn't save room for dessert, but what I saw a table over looked delicious so maybe next time. 
Drinks: Spicy Passion A Lo Macho was spicy and smokey, with everything I love about Pisco. The Classic Pisco Sour was perfection if you like to keep it simple. 
App: Pulpo a la Parilla - grilled octopus with potatoes - I would order this as my meal so that I wouldn't have to share. This is the best octopus I've ever eaten. Ever. I can't wait to go back just to have this again. 
Ceviche: Ceviche Nikkei - server recommended and I'm glad he did; tuna, avocado, and Japanese inspired ingredients. Loved it this dish, but wouldn't be against ordering a more traditional ceviche next time because I bet every ceviche dish just as delicious. The flavors were great, the fish was perfect, the textures were all right; really enjoyable. You could have a ceviche and a drink and have a nice light night. 
Entree: we split the entree, Arroz con Mariscos, which is a creamy rice dish with seafood. Everything was perfectly cooked, and the texture was spot on with the rice. I love the variety of seafood; great compliment to the sauce and vice versa.  
We'll just have to go back to try the dessert next time.Best place to have Peruvian food!! My partner is Peruvian and agreed that their food taste authentic! I love their beef skewers so much that had to have second order every time I dine in (even get Togo) the sauce is amazing; the fried potato is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside! Their green pasta is yummy and the causa (smashed potato tower with layers of creamy chicken/ crab/..) is great! I love their cocktails drinks too!!! They have the corn juice drink Chicha Morada is good too. I would recommend this place to anyone!Went here for the first time tonight and loved it!! Three of us had the shrimp and fish ceviche, grilled octopus, quinoa salad, duck confit, and the fish and rice (first on entree list, a lot like a paella.) Everything other than the quinoa was truly outstanding. Two cocktails were also great. I don't even usually like duck, but it was a stand out, as was the octopus. Ceviche was perfectly balanced -- not too acidic, fish a beautiful texture. Service was good, atmosphere really nice but not stuffy and not too loud. We'll be back soon!So I'm giving Tito's a lenient 4 stars.  The service was sloppy but considering how new they are, I opted to give them a pass on service. Breakdown below.  Tito's is hard to review.  The food was delicious and we enjoyed the meal.  However, it's hard to put into words flavors and dishes you are not used to tasting.  Never had Peruvian food.  In short though, it was solid.
1. Ceviche Nikkei - very tasty.  If you like ceviche, this is a nice choice.
2. Anticuchos de Corazon - grilled veal hearts.  Not as bold of an order as we thought.  Kind of tasted like beef tips and was served on a skewer.  I didn't realize it was the veal hearts until after we had polished the last one off.
3. Tallarines Verdes con Bistek - this dish was awesome.  Linguine and hanger steak.  Killer basil sauce.  I would highly recommend.  
4. Some kind of specialty cheesecake - maybe it was a flan cheesecake or something.  No one was interested in trying it out but me.  Everyone agreed, it sounded unappetizing, but the dish was a cool spin on cheesecake.  Well-executed.  Consistency was not my favorite but the flavor and crust were awesome.
Our server was Olivia, and she was solid. She walked us through the menu and checked on us constantly.  But there were hiccups.  Drinks ran dry.  Shari V's mocktail was made with vodka.  Had to hold off on starting our entrees because 3 of us didn't have silverware.  This kind of things took away from the dining experience.  Certainly was a distraction.  Like I said, let's give them a pass for now.
For the shortcomings on service, the food made up for it.  I will definitely repeat.  Peruvian fare adds some nice diversity to the Uptown dining scene.  I really hope Tito's continues to deliver.Seriously perfect and fresh food. Totally unique and not pretentious. The steak skewers are to die for. Same with all of the ceviche.Really enjoyed this restaurant. This was my second time here. The way to go here is to share everything so that you can at least get a taste of everything. We ordered the yellowfin tuna ceviche, grilled octopus- best octopus I have ever had, tenderloin tips, and arroz con mariscos. All the food was unique with interesting flavors. The only reason I hesitate to go back here is the noise level of this restaurant- should consider adding sound blocking panels.Second time here. Greeted by Peruvian popcorn and cilantro sauce as "chips" which you could keep eating and eating and eating...  Ceviche appetizers with the silky, most succulent fish and leche de tigre--what a name,right? (Tiger's Milk or the more traditionally called Leche de Tigre is a Peruvian sauce that forms the base of the sauce used in the country's most famous dish, Ceviche. reference from https://www.finedininglovers.com/blog/food-drinks/leche-de-tigre/) Who knew that ceviche is the most famous fish in Peru. Yucca fries. And varied entree menu. We had beef, seafood, and duck. Suspiro de limeño and alfajores for dessert...for the requisite dulce de leche hit. Patio seating very enjoyable as is inside dining. Oh--cocktails...Pisco...mm hmm.Really nice and quaint place to enjoy cervice! I didn't get a chance to write my review right away and I apologize in advance for not remembering the names of the dishes and cocktail that I enjoyed! 
Oh, the desert was delicious too! Definitely worth a visit to try this place!Ordered the duck. The presentation and the food looked great. Food tasted okay. Nothing special. The service was very good though. Would I come back , nah. Good byeI was told about this place by a coworker who raved about the chef's abilities,and she was right. Add this place to the rotation. I have only had Peruvian food once in Cancun and enjoyed it then and this blew it out of the water.  Small place, table cloths,  not much in the way of decoration but who cares. The food rocks. I started with the grilled octopus with potatoes and Peruvian corn. The octopus was melt in your mouth, the sauce on the potatoes was very flavorful. I got the shrimp and fish Ceviche, the fish was Drum. The flavors,were spicy and citrus and delicate with a delayed heat I enjoyed thoroughly.  My wife got the beef tips with tomatoes and pickled onions and damn near licked the plate clean. Desert was even better. The Shortbread cookies with dulce le leche made me look up the recipe to try and the cheesecake wasn't thick and creamy like a traditional NY style but lighter, almost regular custard consistency with a bright fruity glaze. Gonna make reservations for next month, have a feeling it will be a tough table.It's about time that New Orleans has a proper Peruvian place!  This place is Cerviche heaven.  They were all so good, especially the Cerviche Nikkei.  I was very impressed w/ the ambiance and quality of food here.  If they have specials, go for it...last thing i had was the roasted pork belly and it was absolutely delicious.  Wonderful place for a date in the Big Eazy.What a great find! Didn't expect to see Peruvian cuisine in New Orleans. 
Don't remember exactly the names of dishes, but we tried salmon w/passion fruit sauce, grilled veal hearts and steak w/basil pasta. And all of that was sooo good! They also have a selection of Peruvian and Spanish beer. 
Thank you, Luke, for great recommendations and nice talk! That breakfast spot is amazing! Hope to see you on Long Island one day! :)This restaurant is one of my favorites in New Orleans. It is a quaint spot in a house in uptown, on a beautiful part of Magazine Street. They have so many cool cocktails to choose from. The indoor decor is so cute and compliments New Orleans uniqueness. Their food is beautiful and colorful. But best of all, the flavors are exactly as you'd expect them to be.
We had to leave quickly due to our flight being canceled (and we realized we'd have to drive home asap) and they were beyond gracious. We gave the waitress a fantastic tip but it just doesn't seem enough.
We had a seafood entree, lobster Ceviche, the tenderloin tips and the grilled octopus. All tasted fresh and light. This is how food should be prepared. 
This is one of the warmest spots you will ever frequent in New Orleans. Please support this small business owner. You will not be disappointed. I look forward to another meal here.If I didn't think it would be off-putting to my date, I would have literally face planted into the ceviche I ordered from Tito's. This restaurant has so much to offer. The drinks were fabulous, the food was so full of flavor, and the atmosphere was inviting (mainly thanks to the fact that I ate with cutlery, you're welcome). I don't say this often, but I would actually consider picking up a second job at this restaurant so that I could eat this food every day (and see how it's made).I love this place!!! It was busy but don't get discouraged, even better than taking a table, ask to be seated at the bar. Matt was the bar tender and he made our experience so much better. So big shout to Matt. He recommended the grilled octopus!!! Yummy absolutely delicious. We also has the Barrios Ceviche and the Nikey with a side of yuca frita. Perfect meal. Add a couple of great Pisco Sours, cause how could you not! They also infuse their own Pisco, we tried a few and loved it.  
So go ahead and try it!! It is absolutely worth it, price is just as nice and the services was lovely!Probably the best ceviche we've had outside of South America. Worth the trip. Just take the St. Charles streetcar line out to Robert Street and walk south seven blocks through a pleasant little neighborhood. Tito, the owner, is Peruvian and a delight. Every single item we had was a taste delight. Well worth the visit.Wow, never expected Peruvian like this!
We walked in around 8:30 p.m. on a Saturday night without reservations and luckily seated within a couple minutes. It's fairly cozy with cute outside seating. This would be my first time having Peruvian food so I honestly did not know what to order. To start, our server brought us a small dish of dried corn kernels (hominy) with a herb sauce that was pretty tasty. 
*Pulpo Anticuchero - $9 - Grilled octopus, potatoes, Aji panca, chimichurri
Mind blowing, no seriously. This was my favorite dish out everything I tasted. The char from the grill really carries throughout each bite, pairing perfectly with the chimichurri drizzled on top. Okay, so those potatoes aren't your ordinary potatoes.. With each bite, I was trying to figure out what I was eating.. Aioli? Bingo, red roasted aioli! It's like a play on american potato salad, but with warm potatoes. Addictive! 
Ceviche Limeño - $15 - Mixed seafood, rocoto, choclo
This fits the description just right, refreshing lemon ceviche. 
Arroz con Pato - $19 - Duck confit, beer glaze, cilantro rice, salsa criolla
First off, the duck was pull apart tender, melty goodness. I loved that it didn't feel heavy and how each element balanced each other. As a preferrance, I do like my duck skin crispy... this was a different take on how I normally like it sooooooo that's the only comment. 
Tallarines Verdes Con Bistec - $24 - Linguine, basil sauce, hanger steak, queso fresco, pecans
This dish was good. The hanger steak was a little blue so a couple more minutes on the grill would have helped. It didn't bother me too much since I like it med-rare. The noodles were authente tossed in delicious basil sauce. 
Our service was exceptional and couldn't have ask for a more knowledgable server. No complaints here plus the chef came and talked to us about some of his dishes. It's nice to put a name to the face of the food. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants delicious food and great service.Food: We tried some appetizers and the rice and seafood dish during happy hour. Everything was really distinct with interesting flavors. We especially liked the pollos anticucheros (grilled chicken with potatoes and a really delicious sauce). We'll definitely go back to try other things!
Drink: Wines from all over, but an extremely limited beer list--there's a choice of Peruvian or Spanish pilsners. Since the wine list does not focus exclusively on South American varieties, I wonder why the beer list had to be so narrow. Even if the goal was authenticity, Peru now boasts its own dark lagers, stouts, and IPAs. Perhaps for starters, Tito's could carry a few six packs of some locally brewed beer?A group of us were visiting New Orleans for the 4th of July holiday weekend and had lunch reservations here on Saturday. The food and drinks could not have been any more delicious and the staff/service was fantastic! 
We shared several appetizers and entrees from different ceviches to the lomo saltado and tallarines verdes and found everything very delicious. The drinks were just as amazing as the food was. I highly recommend getting the Coco Chica or the Tamarindo. 
Our server was super sweet and very hospitable. We never mentioned we were celebrating a birthday and she was kind enough to bring out a dessert with a candle after she heard us sing. She was extremely patient with us as well while we ordered 2nd and 3rd rounds of drinks to go :)
We'll definitely come back to Tito's in a heartbeat if we're ever in New Orleans again!This entire meal was phenomenal from the second we sat down. The sensory experience was out of this world. Of course the food tasted great. But the smells and colors of the dishes just immediately made you so happy. And the staff was so pleasant to interact with and helpful when we had questions.
We were the only ones in the restaurant for an early lunch and arrived right as they opened, this the window seating with perfect lighting. A complimentary starter is braving to the table. It was these baked corn kernels with a chimichurri sauce (see last picture). They weren't necessarily easy to eat but I loved them anyway. Then as we waited on appetizers we all enjoyed variations of a pisco sour. They must have had 8-10 different options. It was my first time trying pisco and all of our cocktails were delicious. 
We tried to appetizers. The chicken on skewers with golden potatoes (see pic 4) may have been my favorite flavor of the whole meal! The only dish I didn't enjoy the whole meal was the other appetizer, potatoes with Andean cream sauce. This sauce was unbelievably poignant with the flavor of egg. I don't think it was done poorly, just absolutely not a flavor I can enjoy. 
My friend both got an entree with tenderloin and loved it. I got a chicken entree with a different kind of Aji Amarillo cream sauce that was orange and delicious (see pic 2). They are so generous with the sauces here that my plate was still covered when they took it away, but trust me all the food had been devoured. 
We couldn't leave without dessert. My friend's flan was the most photogenic (see pic 3). But the dulce de leche custard was one of the best desserts I've ever had. It was almost like just eating a cup of caramel sauce. So rich, but the creaminess cut the sweetness just enough to where I was able to just keep eating spoonful after spoonful enjoying the flavor without getting sick. The menu description says according to Peruvian poets it is sweet and light like a woman. There's not much I can really speak to regarding that analogy because I am a gay man, but this dessert was sweet and light and executed to perfection. That much I can assure you.We really really enjoyed eating at Tito's tonight for a first time. There was outdoor seating with heaters provided on this slightly chilly night. The Pisco sour's are some of the best I've ever had perfectly balanced not too sweet not too sour. we enjoyed the Lamb Shank, Grilled Veal Hearts, and duck confit. this Peruvian cuisine is a great addition to dinner opportunities here in New Orleans especially with the comfortable outdoor seating!What a great surprise! Mind blowing food .. apart from the fresh delicious Ceviche (yellowfin tuna my favorite), the octopus and steak are amazing. Great location, plenty of parking and outdoor seating, and knowledgeable and kind staff. Will keep coming back for more!There is a difference between making plans and making reservations, and while I naively had my fingers crossed that Tito's had yet to be discovered...My fiance and I along with another couple walked into a packed house. No problem, they made us a reservation from an hour from the time we had arrived so we just went down the street and had a drink. Lesson learned, make reservations! 
We were seated promptly when we arrived, and our server was amazing! There when we needed him and knowledgeable about the menu. He dropped the amuse bouche of cancha and an aji limo (I think) that we could've drank it was so good. Most of us had never had Pisco, so he brought out a sampling for the table of which we ordered refreshing Pisco cocktails because "When in a Peruvian restaurant!..."
I'm just going to start by saying we all wanted to sample a lot of things, but I would say four folks sampling from the Ceviches, Tiraditos, Appetizers and Salad menu is a stretch if you really want to get your share of each dish. They're priced fairly for their portions, but they're better to be split between two people, in my opinion. 
So we ate a lot, but this isn't the type of meal that makes you feel like you need to be wheelbarrowed out and get a good belly-rub because you're 5 months pregnant with a food baby named Regret. We ordered one ceviche (maybe two but we were a bit ravenous), I think we had two tiradito though one isn't pictured (it was a tuna massacre y'all), two appetizers, a salad, and from the platos del mar menu.
All the food came out very quickly. Again, props to this amazing staff that have been open for less than a month. You all are killing it. The Ceviche Criollo was refreshing and light, without the acidity that is sometimes expected from ceviches. I think the leche de tigre helps to balance that out, and I've realized in the last couple of months I love sweet potatoes with literally everything. 
The tiradito (raw fish) dishes are the Peruvian versions of sashimi or crudo or carpaccio. Don't expect these to be filler dishes. They're light with very clean flavors. It's a type of dish that makes you feel like you should be on a beach deck and these ingredients just so happen to be ones you found after you went fishing that day. The Nikkei was clean with the complementing flavors bringing out the inherent tastes of good tuna without being overpowering. No fishiness at all. You can't go wrong with pairing flavors like mango or passion fruit with salmon, so the Maracuya was pleasant without being too sweet. The pricing is on par with other restaurants, but if you're looking for more filling appetizer, maybe pass over the Tiraditos and find your way into the stunners that were their Appetizers. 
Vegetarians if you're still reading, maybe even you Pescatarians, look away. I discovered while judging dishes with NOWFE, I really enjoyed the dish Anticuchos de Corazon, and they nail it here. This is the point when I came out of my "sharing is caring" coma, and remembered how much I hate sharing dishes that I really really like (Tom and Michelle if you're reading this, I love y'all, promise). I used to make that face you see on old horror comics that the woman makes when she sees a werewolf or a zombie whenever I saw octopus dishes. I still can't handle seeing the little suckers on the tentacles (can't, can't think about it) BUT their Pulpo Anticuchero is worth fighting my fears. Packed with flavor and so dang tasty. The potatoes were also cooked perfectly. And that chimichurri...*insert thumbs up emoji*
We also ordered the Ensalada Verde. Have you ever seen a play and there is that person in the play that does literally nothing but they're doing it really well, and it's hard to notice them because EVERYONE is freakin' killin' in this Broadway production?! That's the Ensalada Verde. 
Lastly, we ordered the Jalea Real de Mariscos. The two pseudo Latin Americans at our table were head over heels for this dish. I don't order fried seafood often, but (in The Most Interesting Man In The World Voice) when I do, it's Jalea Real de Mariscos. You could tell the seafood was fresh and still moist beneath the light batter. I lerv me some yucca fries, but of all the homemade sauces, I wasn't in love with the spicy aioli that came with this dish. A bit too mayonnaise-y and not enough kick for me. That being said, I'm sure they would've brought something else out if I had requested! 
All in all, I will 100% be back, but probably just the two of us, and will make reservations!!!This is currently my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. To start, the pulpo a la Parilla octopus appetizer is just next level, it's a grilled octopus tentacle which is reminiscent of lobster meat. Their fried soft shell crab in cream sauce it also just absolutely out of this world. Further, my favorite entree is the steak and queso fresco linguine, the lamb shank is also unbelievable. The drinks are also great at Tito's. I can't say enough about this place, just an absolute perfect dining experience.I love the food. I just ask--please, please, please vary your beer selection--all light lagers. Give me something dark or at least interesting to go with the food.1st time at Tito's on a Friday evening, it was packed with tables outside and inside, everyone was dressed up just quite a bit I felt bad with my shorts and T-shirt. But the venue welcomes all casual wear, so I sat by the bar as there was probably not gonna be any seating due to the wait line and closing time. The bartender was extremely busy as I probably never saw her not have a bottle or making a drink. As busy as she was she took my order, other waiters made sure I was happy with my food and if they got my order the drinks and event owner came out to do a little help as well. The wait time for the ceviches and appetizers was fast, but the presentation of the food is stupendous. The price was just perfect since seafood is a highly price food is definitely a great price for servings. 
The ceviche de Barrio was fantastic, with the ají amarillo and a little kick to it was just mouth watering. The onions compliment the lime and the ajís. The sweet citrus spicy flavor of the fish and shrimp was fantastic and let cooked to perfection. Tender and fresh seafood. The yellow fin tuna and tostones was amazing as well for the appetizer(great mixture of flavors and getting the tostones moist). The tiradito de Salmon, even small,  Maracuya(passion fruit) sauce Salmon slices tasted fresh and fruity. The chocolate 3 Leches was tasty but definitely was missing a little more milk to give it the tres Leches consistency which should be wet and this 3leches cake was a little too hard like ice cream cake or brownie. 
I love the ambiance and how they have art from Peru. The place is a little tight, but definitely worth looking at. They don't have roof outside so if it rains  would take away from seating capacity. The bathrooms were clean and even though I did not try a drink they looked amazing. Recommended for dates, ethnic food explorers or lovers, seafood lovers or just a foodie in general. Will come back for more plates and drinks.Heard of this little place from a coworker and decided to try it out. I sat at the bar and had the pleasure of the owner serving me all night. Great conversation and great food. The ceviche was delicious! Most ceviche I've tried in the city is always too overwhelming with citrus but this one you could still taste the seafood. The seafood dish was the best thing I had. Highly recommend trying this place out. I can't wait to go back!From the service to the food to the drinks-COME TO TITO'S!! Special, different and delicious.Not sure how I haven't made it here sooner. Everything was delicious and unique. Granted, I haven't eaten much Peruvian food so this might all be very traditional. We had a large group that they easily accommodated. The service was kind and knowledgeable. Cocktails fantastic. It was practically empty at 7 on a Monday night!Restaurants like this one are the reason people come to New Orleans for delicious food. Tito's has mouth-watering dishes that truly never disappoint. This is my 4th time dining at Tito's as its our go to special event/family in town restaurant. Not only is the seafood fresh & to die for but their pisco sour is delicious (& strong) and the staff is five star. Every waiter we've had has been patient, kind, and personable truly embodying the summer charm.
Pro tip: always strongly consider ordering the specials, we do that now every time to be more ~adventurous~ and are always pleased by the flavorful dishes that come out especially the crab linguine pasta (i crave it on the regular now).
Whether you're just passing through or a Nawlins local, this spot will never disappoint, so very highly recommend!My hubby wanted to take me to a new high end restaurant in a new Nola hotel but I've had my eye on this place for a long time. We don't live in the city so I do my research when we choose restaurants. If you have an eclectic palate, this is the place. The decor could use a sprucing up but so could most great restaurants in Nola. We started with the special--a soft shell crab. It was amazing! I wish I knew what was in that sauce but just a perfectly cooked crab. Next we tried the octopus ceviche because we like octopus. I was glad I tried it but next time I will try the grilled--only because of the texture. The marinade was good. Then we tried another special--the scallops with lemon garlic butter. Reminds a little of chargrilled oysters and too bad they don't have bread to soak up the love liquid in the shell. By this time we knew that we would split an entree and we chose the hanger steak with green linguini. OMG so tender and the sauce on the pasta was similar to an Alfredo but lighter. Just absolutely delicious. We ordered the black gelato (chocolate) was great and they brought out the coconut topped flan which was light and delicious! Great place, good service.Excellent ceviche and pisco drinks, great setting and service. The music supplemented everything to make my experience on to repeat:)This was a great place, we had tuna ceviche and shrimp ceviche, a salad we shared and I had a sangria and my wife had water.
On star off because the place was very pricey for what it was. $61 bill for the above not including the tip.This place was hands down one of the best meals I've had possibly ever. Decided to go here on a whim since our Airbnb was nearby and I'm so glad we did.
Came in time for happy hour so were able to get drinks and appetizers at the happy hour price and still enjoy two dinner entrees. I had the house wine and my fiancé a happy hour cocktail. 
After this we shared the shrimp ceviche, which was delicious and had a great citrus flavor. We also shared the salmon sashimi appetizer (Tiradito Maracuya) which was delicious and different. Had more of a sweet taste with the passionfruit/mango flavor but it was fresh and great.
For our entrees we shared the Arroz con Mariscos  , a seafood rice which was perfectly cooked and the Tallarines Verdes Con Bistec. This was a linguini with basil sauce which reminded me of the delicious pasta I've had in Italy and hanger steak. This was by far my favorite part of the meal and I would come back just for this.
Finished of with a perfect key lime pie!The good is excellent. We had exceptional service by a knowledgeable staff. The drinks are unique and the atmosphere is simple but beautiful.This place is an authentic and delicious representation of Peruvian food. Their fare is excellent and the drinks don't disappoint. Not a 5/5 because the prices are steep. That said, you do get what you pay for with fresh seafood and delicious beef.Awesome flavors.
Beautiful setting.
Great service.
Ceviche!!!
Everything is delicious.
We filled up on the ceviche and barely finished our entrees.Wow! Tito's was amazing!  A few things you should know about me.  
1. I have a very sensitive stomach.  
2. I have never been to South America nor tried Peruvian food. 
3. The only Spanish I know is "Yo como manzanas." (Thanks Duolingo).
However, I am a big fan of delicious food.  Some of my fiance's co-workers had some friends who were visiting New Orleans.  They had met while doing Peace Corps in Peru, so of course they chose one of the few Peruvian restaurants in our fair city.  Enter Tito's Ceviche and Pisco.  
When we first arrived, I looked at the menu and was completely lost.  I asked for recommendations from my friends and the waiter (who by the way was excellent and made sure all of my needs and desires were met!).  We had two different ceviches to share - amazing, some pisco drinks - not my favorite, but others at my table happily finished my drink, and amazing food.  I couldn't tell you what I had if I wanted because I don't remember the name, but what I do remember is that every bite of food I had (whether on my plate, my fiance's, one of our friends') was amazing.  
Tito's is a little tucked away, on what my fiance refers to as "the easy to drive side of Magazine."  Because of it's location, though, parking is a breeze.  I'm excited for our next Tito's experience.The best Peruvian food I've had in the states. My favorites dishes here are tallarines en salsa verde (super creamy) and the seafood paella (perfection). Pisco sour is made just right. Friendly staff and gorgeous restaurant.After walking by this place countless times, my wife and I finally gave it a try. The anticuchos de corazón were excellent! By far our favorite dish that we tried and on par with some of the best we've had in Peru. The shrimp ceviche was also very good, but lacked a punch so the waiter brought out some much needed aji limo which was great. Not so great was the fact those tiny guys cost me an extra $3 (surprise!). The tiraditos and ceviche nikkei were both decent, my wife ordered the causa and I'm still not a fan (pre-existing condition). Overall, a very good meal and would return for their anticuchos and to give a spicier ceviche a try.I've been wanting to check out Tito's for YEARS and finally made it over this past Friday. My table ordered from their Restaurant Week menu, which had really good options. We went a bit early to catch the happy hour beforehand. I got a pisco sour- never having had pisco before, I was really impressed! I had ceviche, chaufa, and ice cream for dessert. The ice cream was described as something that would take your taste buds on a "wild adventure" and it did NOT disappoint- no idea the official flavor but it tasted a little like brown sugar/caramel. I will definitely patron this place again. I also like the ~vibes~, friendly staff and tablecloths but pretty chill.Really nice and quaint place to enjoy cervice! I didn't get a chance to write my review right away and I apologize in advance for not remembering the names of the dishes and cocktail that I enjoyed! 
Oh, the dessert was delicious too! Definitely worth a visit to try this restaurant!This is my new favorite restaurant!  Not only is the service amazing, but the atmosphere is laid back and relaxing. What a great experience!
Their ceviche criollo rocked my world. I highly recommend you start with this. 
My cucumber mule was so smooth and delicious. Very refreshing! 
I chose the bisteca as my main. It melted in my mouth. The flavors were great. 
I definitely will be back! So many dishes caught my eye. I need a repeat performance.Worst brunch experience I've ever had. Went with a couple friends for brunch and bottomless mimosas. I've been here for dinner and know the food is good so I thought to check out brunch. The waiter sat us and brought us our mimosas. We were sitting near the bar when we heard the waiter loudly tell the bartender 'I will give them flutes so they drink less'. The waiter rushed us and kept approaching the table every five minutes to have our orders. We tried to be friendly and build rapport with the waiter but he seemed disconnected and was not approachable. Mind you, we came in at 12:30 so it's not like we caught them near closing time. He continued to rush us throughout our meal and seemed annoyed whenever he had to refill our mimosas. Food was great, but the brunch experience was terrible. We will definitely not be returning.1st time at Tito's on a Friday evening, it was packed with tables outside and inside, everyone was dressed up just quite a bit I felt bad with my shorts and T-shirt. But the venue welcomes all casual wear, so I sat by the bar as there was probably not gonna be any seating due to the wait line and closing time. The bartender was extremely busy as I probably never saw her not have a bottle or making a drink. As busy as she was she took my order, other waiters made sure I was happy with my food and if they got my order the drinks and event owner came out to do a little help as well. The wait time for the ceviches and appetizers was fast, but the presentation of the food is stupendous. The price was just perfect since seafood is a highly price food is definitely a great price for servings. 
The ceviche de Barrio was fantastic, with the ají amarillo and a little kick to it was just mouth watering. The onions compliment the lime and the ajís. The sweet citrus spicy flavor of the fish and shrimp was fantastic and let cooked to perfection. Tender and fresh seafood. The yellow fin tuna and tostones was amazing as well for the appetizer(great mixture of flavors and getting the tostones moist). The tiradito de Salmon, even small,  Maracuya(passion fruit) sauce Salmon slices tasted fresh and fruity. The chocolate 3 Leches was tasty but definitely was missing a little more milk to give it the tres Leches consistency which should be wet and this 3leches cake was a little too hard like ice cream cake or brownie. 
I love the ambiance and how they have art from Peru. The place is a little tight, but definitely worth looking at. They don't have roof outside so if it rains  would take away from seating capacity. The bathrooms were clean and even though I did not try a drink they looked amazing. Recommended for dates, ethnic food explorers or lovers, seafood lovers or just a foodie in generealWill come back for more plates and drinks.
They are still open during Covid and I had to update from a 4star to a 5 star because their drinks are amazing and the food is superbly delicious. That octopus arm was my flight to heaven, the baked scallops was pretty amazing and the tostone and the rice were just great. Nothing can compare to the flavors and perfection of these dishes.Our server was great and for my first time trying it he was a great help! The food is to die for!! Such a great location too!Very interesting delicious dishes at Tito's. We tried 2 different ceviches and and 3 tiraditos and all were fresh and very good. We also had the yellow rice with mariscos , this as well, was very good and similar to paella. 
The pisco based cocktails were refreshing and very good. They also had a few off the menu specials, we tried to octopus which was awesome. Nice Peruvian food.This Peruvian restaurant is amazing! From service to presentation and everything in between it's awesome! Somehow no matter when I go, the octopus, aka pulpo, is amazingly tender! Their tiraditos, ceviches and cocktails are all outstanding! They have awesome specials and the seafood is always on point! I even tried a bite of steak last and was impressed with that last night! My favorite cocktail is anything with the maracuya, passion fruit! They have 3 different ones and I LOVE them all! The Pisco sour is of course the classic and it's perfectly executed! Just love love this place! Go and go often, like I do! Air indoors, outdoors or at the bar! Just yummmmy!This place is a bit off the normal tourist path but we were really happy to have stumbled upon this place. We ordered the special for the night which was crab cakes fettuccine and Arroz Con Maricos, the Pasta Costa Verde. Everything was just absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly. The crab cakes were the best that we had during our trip to New Orleans. The service was top notch also. Our waiter was very attentive. This restaurant was probably one of the top 3 from our trip.Okay, now this place is awesome!! the owner Juan who stopped to chat with us at the bar is such a great guy. The food here matches the owner in my opinion. Very warm, friendly and inviting. He has a passion for serving great food and delivering this passion to the customers. The food was all very well done and seasoned. The sashimi selections wit the different sauces were well presented and the fish of excellent sushi grade quality. The cocktails were  great as well with the pisco selections. We loved the lacuma gelato which was a fruit I have never even heard of and with an interesting taste. A great evening in a nicely done restaurant with warm hospitality and great food.Absolutely incredible food and service! I already want to go back that's how good it was. It was my first time there and the waiter gave great recommendations and was really great at describing the different dishes and overall was friendly and knowledgeable. 
What we ordered: 
-ceviche limeño: this was amazing! Perfectly flavored and full of seafood. It had squid, fish, octopus and shrimp, so tasty 
-Pulpo a la Parrilla: this was probably the best dish! This grilled octopus arm was perfectly cooked and came on a bed potatoes that was perfectly seasoned and crispy 
-Papa a la Huancaina: we got this side of potatoes and they were pretty good, it was like a Peruvian potato salad vibe 
-seafood pasta: this was incredible and had mussels, shrimp, scallops, and squid. It was so good and the sauce reminded me of a vodka sauce with a lemon flavoring. I loved it! 
My mouth is watering writing this review and I am already so excited for when I go there next!What a delightful little place uptown! We came for happy hour and made it into a light dinner, and the whole experience was delightful. 
I'd never had a pisco sour, and now it's one of my favorites, the perfect blend of sweet, tangy and boozy. We shared shrimp ceviche, papas a la huancaina, and anticuchos de res (skirt steak). All were delicious and it took all the willpower I had not to lick the sauces off the plates!
There are a few tables outside, but it was a little chilly that day, so we sat in the small indoor dining room, which is lovely. Our server was charming and helpful with the unfamiliar names and ingredients, and treated us like the queens we are. Can't wait to go back!Loved the relaxing vibe. I sat outside on the main road. I love the historic area and this is only my second time to New Orleans. This time just passing through on a road trip. (Found this on Yelp so I had to make it my halfway stop) The service was great, all the food was amazing. I got the flight which all sounds delicious, but honestly they all kind of taste like straight liquor to me. (I am a drinker and previous bartender.) Save your money and buy more food or go with the Pisco Sours. I ended up just ordering a classic. The passion fruit sauce that comes with the Tiradito is AMAZING. (I put some of it in my Pisco Sour ; )Got hip to this spot because my coworker also works here. The food was so amazing!!!! Me and my best friend went for lunch. The menu at lunch does have some variations from the dinner menu posted on their website. We tried a few dishes and various cocktails (which is all pisco ). The bill for us was about $115, which is high for a lunch and we only ordered small plates. The drinks and the small plates cost about the same. service was nice, we sat at the bar which can be hectic a bit because the bartender also has tables to serve away from the bar. But overall, the experience was nice. I'll certainly be back. 
Pictures below (in order): ceviche nikkei, grilled veal hearts w/golden potatoes and chimichurri, papas, corn chowder, lychee cocktail (my favorite), pisco punch, cucumber mule (my least favorite). 
Enjoy!We have heard about Titos for the longest time and finally made the opportunity to visit. We should have not waited this long because everything was amazing.
the mood of the restaurant was intimate and subtle.  The perfect place to take my girlfriend in her birthday dinner.
We ordered the pulpo as an appetizer that we paired with sangria and the carribean mule.
the pulpo was the best octopus we have ever eaten in New Orleans. It's hard to prepare octopus,  but Titos masterfully grilled this to perfection.  It had a great char, robust flavors from the fried potatos and the right amount of saltiness. This should be the start to every meal.
the Sangria was delcious! freshly made and a right amount of wine. The mule was also fantastic! both drinks paired very well with the appetizer. 
For our entrees,  we ordered the arroz con pato and the lomo saltado with a side of yucca fries.
From how they prepared the ocotpus, i knew the rest of the meal would be phenomenal. 
the Duck was nice and crispy that was served with a chimichurri rice mixture. 
the lomo saltado steak tips were tender and juicy!
the yucca fries were a real star as they were lightly fried, and moist. 
To end her birthday dinner, we ordered the Mango creme brulee. typically,  we usually do not order creme brulee,  but this was devine!
Overall, this is the perfect balance of ambience,  delicious food and even better drinks.I've visited Tito's a few times with my family. 
My wife is half Peruvian and my mother in law is a native Peruvian and they both loved the restaurant. The seasoning, presentation, flavor were all great. Friendly and attentive staff. 
The restaurant itself is not a big local which gives it a nice comfortable feel where people can chat and have a good time. 
The restaurant does adhere to the covid-19 guidelines. I recommend to check it out.What really stood out here was the service. I was with three other ladies, and our server, Stephen L., was beyond accommodating. He was patient as we talked and socialized, giving us ample time to look at the menu, make our decisions, and eat our meal. He was knowledgeable about the menu, able to describe the dishes and drinks and give good recommendations. When we ordered an appetizer that had only three items, he made sure there were four so everyone at the table could have one. I have NEVER had anyone do that before. He split the check four ways, charging each of us 1/4 the price of the dishes we shared. Again, I've never had anyone offer to be that exact when splitting a check. The drinks were fantastic and I especially loved the ceviche and lucuma ice cream. My only complaint was that the meat in the Tacu Tacu was a little tough. Other than that, it was nearly flawless and some of the best service I've ever had. Thank you, Stephen!Fue mi tercera vez en este restaurante y decidí probar diferentes platos a los ya había probado y los ceviches junto con el anticucho son mis favoritos, me recuerdan lo mucho que me gustó la comida cuando visité Perú. La chicha morada siempre deliciosa y refrescante!
El servicio es muy bueno, el restaurante tiene decoración de Perú, música latina de fondo y mesas adentro y afuera al aire libre para el que quiera algo más relajado. 
El plus de este sitio es que te reciben con maíz grande tipico peruano y una salsa verde mientras piensas que ordenar.We ordered take out for 6:30 pm. Arrived at the restaurant for the 6:30 time and after a 10 minute drive home discovered all of the food was cold. Two of the three dishes were seafood with rice, similar to paella and one was pan fried fish.   Very disappointing, considering you have to schedule a pick up time and it was very expensive. $165 for three entrees, one appetizer and one ceviche.  The food was Ok. I personally liked the ceviche best, but with taxes and tip, I wouldn't do it again. Not worth it in my opinion. The prices listed on the online menu are not consistent with prices for take out.  Take out entrees are each $5 more and apps prices are higher as well.
Finally, I ordered online and requested no cilantro.  Cilantro was sprinkled on just about every item.
If you want to eat here, don't order take out!!!!!If your thinking of going here.. GO. I will say, I have passed this restaurant so many times and counted it out, but oh how wrong I was. For starters, it's the cutest little place. It feels like one of those small family restaurants that make you feel at home with good laughs, drinks and food. Be warned that the compliment concho is addicting. My top recommendation is the hanger steak appetizer. I literally order two because one is not enough of this. It is so tender and juicy .. it practically melts in your mouth. The potatoes make it very filling. The Lomo Saltado is also so bomb and both the pastas are amazing as well. I've been here twice and the food and drinks live up to the standard each time. My second recommendation is the Lychee Cocktail.. omg .. it is the perfect amount of sweetness and flavor. The desserts aren't something I'd run back for but the lucoma (I may be misspelling) is defiantly  worth trying!Hands down my favorite restaurant on the neighborhood. Everything is so fresh. Their pisco sour is very refreshing and delicious. I'd suggest to go to happy hour if it's too much for your wallet.Tito's is small and crowded. Reminds me of dining in New York so I am not discouraged by this. They extended their dining to include tables outside in the porch. 
Based on how busy it is, reservations seem a must. Then again, it is restaurant week so I can't say if this is the norm.
The waiter came over shortly after I sat down to say he would be right back. I appreciated his swift response. He remained on point all evening. At one point I asked another waitress to please send my server over. Instead she immediately went outside and remained out there for awhile so I had to find someone else to help me.
I was curious to try the drink called Pisco Punch. I asked my server his opinion. He called my drink a tropical vacation in a glass. How can I say no to that? It was delicious, by the way. 
I ordered off the restaurant week menu. They were out of the Salmon so I switched to the ceviche. They were also out of the dessert I wanted so I had to switch to another one. Later I was told they were out of that one too so I settled for my third choice. I also ordered an additional serving of yucca fries that sadly never made it to the table. There were tiny annoying gnats or fruit flies or some other irritatingly small creatures flying about my table. One landed in my drink on the way to my table. Thankfully it was promptly switched out. 
The food was delicious and there are other items on the menu I want to try. I will have to come back again when it's not restaurant week and see if that makes a difference. 
Overall, Not 100% sold on Tito's yet but I haven't counted them out.Being from Atlanta where there is no authentic well made Peruvian food that isn't stuck from 500 years ago -- this place was a breath of fresh air while traveling through NO. 
We ordered the ceviche nikkei, de Barrio and a causa de cangrejo and to drink a pisco sour. Everything was epic and spot on. I'm Peruvian and go home often so I know when things are made right. I cannot recommend this restaurant enough while in NO.Was only in town for a few days. Tito's was highly recommended and we couldn't have been happier! Had dinner there Monday evening and then came back the next day for Happy Hour with friends. Service was great. The Pisco sour was so tasty. Tiradito Nikkei was awesome. Highly recommend!This place is absolutely great, from the available drinks to the ceviche cocktails, and excellent food, their arroz con mariscos is probably the best I ever had
Their service is very good also, make a reservation is well worth itSat outside in their small outdoor space along the ivy covered wall which gave sort of an intimate atmosphere to the shared driveway we were actually dining in. It was the loveliest summer evening we've had in NOLA and they happily accommodated our request to sit outside. They even have bug spray if you're one prone to getting eaten by mosquitoes! 
The service was spot on, and the food was delightful! We ordered the ceviche de barrio (gulf fish & shrimp, ají amarillo, sweet potato & choclo, which is a kind of maize) and it was fantastic! We also ordered a few very reasonably priced small plates- the grilled octopus, the grilled veal heart (because if you put something unique/interesting/odd on a menu, I will be the first to try it!). Those were solid, but bc they were seasoned the same (my oversight) I wish I would have chosen something different. We also had the causa de cangrejo, which was also wonderful.
My friend wondered aloud if this was going to be too much food while I continued to order both rice dishes (we decided to double down on carbs bc why not?). The arroz con mariscos was like a Peruvian version of paella and the shrimps were perfectly cooked! Great flavor to the dish as well! The arroz con pato came with crispy skinned duck confit which fell off the bone and green cilantro rice which was delicious if just a tad bit over salted for my taste, but spot on when eaten with the duck. We were too full for dessert, but the options were tasty sounding. I've been to Lima and the food here is a lovely tribute to Peruvian cuisine I sampled while there. I'll definitely be back!Very chill atmosphere. The food was really good. Best fried calamari! The cocktails are extremely good and nicely portioned. Will definitely be back!Reservations highly recommended! EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING. I would go back here in a heart beat! All the dishes are so full of flavor. Very intimate atmosphere. I had such a hard time deciding what to order but luckily other guests in my party ordered almost everything I wanted!Ummm why haven't I been here before?! This was a friend's choice for her recent birthday lunch and WOW!
We were a group of 6 and they were super accommodating to our group. We had a wide variety of food and drink but I ordered the ceviche Nikkei, the papas a la huancaina, and the special gazpacho of the day (OMG made with avocado and cucumbers with shrimp - just heaven). Oh, and their local sangria (which packs a bit of a punch). All the food was simply delicious. I would like to go back right now and eat it all again.
Service was outstanding. And the space is lovely as ever.WE CAME BACK... FROM NJ.... and BROUGHT OUR KIDS!!Actually on the last trip to New Orleans we had come back to Tito's 2 more times since the original Yelp review.  This is my new favorite restaurant.  Great food,  great atmosphere,  great staff.  Shout out to our server Brina!!Fantastic food and service. Paella full of flavor great selection of ceviche and Pisco. Great atmosphereFirst time going and visited during restaurant week. Worth the money and it was my first time trying Peruvian food and it was enjoyable. It's a definite "do again" 
I started with TIRADITO MARACUYA Salmon, aji limo, passion fruit and had the CHAUFA DE MARISCOS Mixed seafood, Cantonese fried rice, pisco, soy, sesame, eggs for my entree. 
I talked myself out of the dessert I wanted thankful a friend got it and I was able to try the MARACUYA FLAN
Passion fruit custard, dulce de leche, and toasted coconut and shared my Peruvian cookies. 
Got a little adventurous with the infused brandy and I didn't really enjoy it but mixed in the drinks was pretty good. 
Really liked the atmosphere and the service and this will be a return restaurant.We found this gem in a local publication and had to make the trip to check it out. Once we got there,  we were warmly heated by our server who proceeded to advise us of the happy hour specials. We had the pisco sour which were great, and the shrimp ceviche which was devine.   We also tried their infused pisco (blueberry lemon and pineapple)  we also had the Aji infused pisco, which is not the faint of heart,  very spicy but smooth.  She had the braised lamp sham with rice and beans.  Very tender and moist I had the Lomo Salto which had cubed potatoes as opposed to French fries that I'm used to and have to say it was a tasty version. The owner came over to our table when he heard a fellow countryman was in the house and was very pleasant sharing his origins and history of his beautiful restaurant.Excellent dinner here tonight. I'll definitely be back!  
https://blainerestaurantreport.wordpress.com/2021/06/25/titos-ceviche-pisco-new-orleans-la-report-387/I've been looking forward to trying this place, and I have to say I'm already planning my next trip! The food was amazing! Don't sleep on the veal hearts and chicken wings! The Sangria with strawberry Pisco was the best cocktail I've had in a while! My only negative was the hamachi which was a little fishy but would definitely try a different ceviche next time!No aceptaron a mi perro de servicio a pesar que le mostré el ID de mi perro verificando que era de servicioWe turned around on our bikes because a couple yelled from the outdoor seating "you won't regret it" as we were scoping the place out.  
*important note... we had just eaten Mother's for breakfast, Cochon for lunch, it was 2pm.  
We ordered cocktails and tuna ceviche, because in reality,  where were we even stuffing that?  
It was excellent!!  pisco sour, chilcano both hit the spot and the tuna was perfectly cut and so fresh.  Server was friendly and willing to chat.  We will be back for dinner during this trip.I am in love with this restaurant. The staff are wonderful and knowledgeable about the food and what to try. So tasty and leaves you in silence with every bite of your food. I will return when I'm in New Orleans.Doesn't look like a very bougie place when you pass by but let me tell you this I had a great time tasting all the dishes and each one was very fresh. The one that left the biggest impression on me was how tender the charred octopus was with the white wine pairing. I took the boothang here and covered the meal for the two of us. It's about $120? For red wine, white wine, octopus, yellowtail tuna ceviche, and a beef entree it was pretty bomb. This is a neat place to check out in New Orleans. We came here for dinner late on Friday before the football playoffs. The corn chips here were good too. Highly recommend for a date night spot!Omg. Our server...I have forgotten their name, but, very soft-spoken, delightfully kind eyes behind the mask, generous with suggestions, patient with questions, and memorably kind in every way. Our friends picked up the tab unexpectedly, so, I didn't have an opportunity to properly thank or reward. 
Omg. The food...reminded me of time spent in Ecuador. Simply prepared, authentic and delicious. I'm allergic to half the menu, so it took us a while to stop in for a bite. We have a new place on our top 10 list! 
Management...give the server that assisted the Brandon Baggett table of 4 props, a shot and, please, Thank Them from yourselves, for representing Tito's so admirably.
Love y'all!Cute seating outside. Friendly staff. Dog friendly which is a plus! I brought my 13 week old fur baby with me for dinner on a Friday and the staff were nice enough to provide us with a doggy bowl with water for him.
To start, my boyfriend and I shared the ceviche nikkei which is more asian fusion inspired ceviche than traditional ceviche. It was unique and still very good. 
For entrees, I had the lomo saltado steak and my boyfriend had the tallarines  verdes. I tasted both, and I got to say, even though the lomo saltado was good, the tallarines verdes con bistec was just unforgettable. The meat was cooked to perfection and the creamy linguine was out of this world. We were in love.   
Highly recommend this place. Definitely will be coming back.