I had the pleasure recently of having breakfast at Toast Uptown.  Toast is located on Laurel Street at the old Laurel Street bakery location.
Toast is less than a year old, and word has is definitely out on how good it is.  I knew to arrive early, or I'd have a wait in front of me.  We arrived at 9:30 and immediately found 2 seats at the bar.  The regular tables were all full, one with a party of 12 (tables pushed together).  None of the tables outside were occupied because it was still a little chilly outside.
The atmosphere at Toast is bright and cheerful, albeit small.  You're in pretty close quarters with everyone around you, but I'm fine with that.  My only complaint was that it was VERY LOUD.  They've put foam under the chairs and tables, but it didn't seem to be helping much.  Once the large party left, it got considerably better.
I find the prices at Toast to be extremely reasonable for what you get, with entrees ranging from $10-$14, and smaller side items (like toast topped with prosciutto, honey, and ricotta, or an order of ableskivers) going for $5-$8.  
For my entrée, I had the croque madame.  It was huge and delicious, and was served with a light side salad.  My BF had the hangar steak topped with tarragon aioli, served with roasted potatoes and sunny side up eggs.  His meal was also fantastic.
I was really dying to try some of the ableskivers with lemon curd dip, but their portions are huge and there was just no way.  
By the time we left 45 minutes later, there were 15 people outside waiting, and all outside tables were full.
I highly recommend Toast, but you might want to go before 10 if you don't want to wait.This is a great breakfast spot. The service was great and the food was delicious. The portion sizes were more than enough with reasonable prices. Trying the aebleskivers is a must while you are here!!Absolutely love toast! The food is excellent and reasonable. The wait staff is awesome! Definitely one of my favorite breakfast places in the Uptown area. 
Get there early to get a spot as seating is limitedThis was my first time visiting here. It was worth the wait.  Be ready to wait but believe me you will be okay with waiting. The fresh bread made my meal delicious!! 3 of us got the same thing and the other 3 got something different and I wanted to taste their food and OMG it was all delicious!!! You can't go wrong here with the fresh ingredients!!!Super cute brunch place Uptown; I like it a lot more than Surrey's! We came at around 9am on a Sunday morning, and were lucky to have arrived just before the crowds. We ordered the abelskivers with jam, the ham and brie crepe, the mushroom omelette and the toast with lox. All the dishes were good, but my favorite was the crepe. I thought that portions would be bigger. They weren't tiny by any means, but don't expect humongous, overflowing plates. I was a little disappointed by the abelskivers since they were dry. The toast, however, was really good; the bread was chewy, which was a nice surprise since I was expecting something like the dishes at Tartine. The restaurant itself is tiny, so be prepared to awkwardly maneuver between close-set tables. Service wasn't bad, but nothing really stood out. I would recommend this place over Tartine, especially if you're seeking a traditional brunch menu.One of the best restaurants in New Orleans for breakfast. I usually get the steak melt with a coffee with caramel. Her desserts are out of this world we love the huge cinnamon buns. They are flaky and extra gooey. Last Friday I tried the omelet of the day which had caramelizad onions bacon and goat cheese. It was out of this world!We found this place thanks to Yelp, what a little gem! Toast with prosciutto and honey was tasty, eggs, bacon and grits were delicious.. All prices are very reasonable and the service is very warm and friendly. I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a cozy, tasty and unpretentious breakfast in the area...Mushroom onions peppers spinich goat cheese crepe. Wow this is extremely good. The staff was very friendly. Good place for breakfast.Amazing. My mother is never impressed and she declared it worthy of a second visit next time she is in town. The omelette with goat cheese was well worth the thirty minute wait. It's a small place so get there before you're starving but the line goes fast!Super friendly staff kept our coffee cups full, and the hanger steak did not disappoint! Steak was a perfect medium rare. The steak melt knocked it out of the park too. Thank you yelp for the free warm cherry walnut sconeIf you love crepes for breakfast, this is the place to visit! There are many options for those and for omelettes, also a good selection of items for kids. It is a great location since it's not in a crowded part of the city, and they have their own parking lot. Prices are affordable, coffee was good and the server was really nice. We'll definitely go back.Thanks once more to my fellow Yelpers, breakfast was killer, while vacationing with the family we decided to try something different and this place was it, man where to start, I had the steak and eggs, even the eggs were done perfect, the steak juicy and tender, the flavor out of this world, the wife had the veggie crepe, she said it was off the shelf great, the kiddos French toast, and I cannot remember the name of the puffed pancakes but my daughter loved them, so when in NOLA, you really need to check this place out. Tips: Use a GPS to get there,  get in early as parking space is EXTREMELY limited as is dining space, you will not regret it awesome food.I was very disappointed in Toast. I ordered the special omelette of the day, which was extremely runny with fake-tasting sausage. The ricotta honey prosciutto toast came out with butter on it instead of ricotta. Took me several bites to realize what was wrong, and upon telling the waitress, she neither apologized nor brought out another piece. She instead just gave me some ricotta on the side. The table I was sitting at was also DIRECTLY next to the door- a spot I would not believe anyone would enjoy. I do not desire to go back, but I can't help but admit that some other menu items do look good.This is probably my favorite brunch place in New Orleans. I love it for the location, cozy atmosphere, fresh food, and reasonable portions. I live only a few blocks away and it's a super cute restaurant. I've been a few times and have never been disappointed. There's usually a wait on the weekends, no reservations accepted. Just go and put your name on the list. On the weekdays, there's not usually a wait. They usually have specials and I'm a sucker for specials! Whenever they have the andouille crepe, I'll get it. I also had the mushroom, spinach, onion, peppers, and goat cheese crepe and it's great! Their savory crepes are flavorful and not dry. The crepes themselves are very thin and soft. The croque madame is good and their quiches are delicious too. I haven't been disappointed yet! No matter what I get, I always sucker my friends into sharing the toast with avocado & egg. It is such a fresh dish, loaded with avocado, and it's not too difficult to slice the toast and split the egg in half. I find that sharing that toast and getting my own entree is a good way to go. I'm full by the end, but I don't want to kill myself. Toast is delicious, consistent, cute, and I absolutely adore this place!Toast is such a gem. The menu is small but everything is delicious. They also have great coffee. The weekend waits can get pretty crazy, they have limited seating, so it's often much easier to get seated in a small group. If you can make it on a weekday morning, you'll be seated immediately. The abelskivers are to die for. I can't say enough good things about Toast.Breakfast done perfectly....lets be clear, for me to say anything is perfect you know it has to be some pretty amazing things going on. I started with a lovely glass of bubbly ($6) and ordered the classic breakfast ($9). Toast found a way not to screw up anything. Eggs scrambled perfectly, bacon was meaty and not too crunchy, grits cooked to PERFECTION, and the fresh biscuit with the homemade strawberry jam. My hubby had the waffle BLT and he enjoyed everything on the plate. I can't really comment on it because he wouldn't even let me taste it so that must mean it was fabulous. Oh I'll one back to enjoy some additional menu items but I first had to make sure they could conquer the breakfast staple and boy oh boy did they. 5 stars is hard to get out of me but amazing service coupled with the best classic breakfast I've had in a long time equals.....if you've made it to the end of this review then just take your ass to Toast and see for yourself. If you don't like it the next glass of bubbly is on me!!I love the variety of breakfast plates they offer. Staff is always nice and the food is always on point!This has become my favorite brunch place in town! The menu is interesting and offers both healthy and comforting options depending on what you're craving! The pancakes are not your ordinary pancake - they're round circular puffs and come in a variety of flavors ! 
The staff are friendly and patience even though the place is always very busy. The food arrives quickly, hot, and never tastes like a chain. 
Highly recommend !Staggeringly good. Had the crepe with red pepper, spinach, chèvre and onion which I loved. Also avocado toast super great. Shared the aebelskivers with lemon curd which may have changed my life they were so good.
Service was fast and friendly. Overall rad placeVery nice place.  Amber the manager is my favorite.  She always makes me laugh.  Service was outstanding despite a big crowd.  Good coffee.  Excellent food.  Prices are very reasonable compared to other Uptown places.I saw this place on my feed several times & a coworker mentioned how good it was! I decided to give it a try. The food here is fresh, hot, and DELICIOUS!!! The staff is super friendly; I didn't see a scowl on one face. The wait time to get a table is kind of long and the place is pretty small, but once you are seated service is quick! The decor is industrial, and the ceiling seems to be reclaimed wood-country meets city!  We'll definitely be back!!!Food was amazing. I had a Monte Cristo sandwich and it was perfect. At the table was also breakfast tacos, steak breakfast sandwich, and cheese and chive crepes. Everyone was very happy with the food.I love toast! I have been 4 or 5 times now and it has definitely become my go to brunch spot. It's in my neighborhood, so that's a huge plus. But the food is just so good and different than your standard NOLA brunch spots. I always get the avocado toast with the egg on top. It's simple but oh so delicious. The staff is friendly and they seem happy to be there. The abelskivers are amazing and fun. It's also, a great place to sit outside on a nice day. I will be back many many times.
Note: if you are looking for a boozy brunch spot---this is not the place.Awesome place. First time here and we (my son and I) were sold. Nice ambience, friendly waitstaff and lots of teamwork. I ordered the goat cheese, spinach, ratatouille omelette and it was fluffy and tasty. I'm gluten I tolerant so I ordered sourdough toast - blew me away - a Texas toast type that had been grilled to perfection! Then the strawberry jam put it over the top. My son said his grits were heaven and the biscuit was now his new fav. Overall great breakfast! Highly recommend.Today we visited . Overall the service was wonderful our food was delivered quickly. We ordered several items we weren't disappointed. Absolutely Awesome . It's my new favorite breakfast joint .Aebleskivers...amazing. You only need 1-2 though, so get the kid's size for $5! The crepe batter is light and soft--got the mushroom/goat cheese one. Short walk from Magazine :-). A little tourisy, hence I was there..but still mostly locals I think. Glad I stopped by on my last day!YUM! The muffins are amazing. Also everything everyone got was amazing. Super great food, I would definitely come here again.So yummy! We didn't expect much based on how tiny the place is, but it was so good, we came back one more time during our trip!Every bit as good as Tartine (their parent cafe), but more accessible. Tartine always feels like a hidden treasure, which can be good if you're digging a tiny neighborhood hyper-uptown feel, but sometimes I'm too lazy to drive there. The wait was about 40 minutes, which should mean a star is detracted, but can't fault them for popularity.  
The steak and eggs were fantastic:  medium-rare slices of juicy perfection coated with the lightest french herb sauce. However, I'm not sure why they only have two preparations of eggs:  over easy or scrambled. I'm sure this is to maximize organization in the kitchen, and as it happens these are my two favorite preparations, but it doesn't seem fair to folks who would prefer a different style. 
The Abbelskivers with lemon curd sauce: fluffy pillows, light and subtly sweet, a nice departure from a typically weighed-down, heavy pancake experience. The sauce was refreshingly tangy, without any of the weird corn-starch flavor lemon curd has when you get it out of the jar.
The prosciutto ricotta toast with honey: I liked the unexpected preparation. Soft multigrain toast a top a sea of honey, mild ricotta, and more prosciutto than should be humanly possible piled on. I couldn't tell if all that salted meat (dirty jokes aside) was overwhelming the rest of the flavors or if it was perfect!
Young and friendly servers. A simple menu full of high quality ingredients and preparations staying true to its french/euro cafe roots. This one's a keeper.Came to this place on my second day in NOLA and it was hundred times better than those overrated brunch places in the French quarter. We were told to expect a 45min wait but it only took 5min. Food was amazing, the salmon toast was both our fav. Price & service were prefect too. Def recommend!This place has great service and great food at very reasonable prices!
We came here looking for something a little lighter after a weekend of eating heavy food. I got a veggie omelet with a greens salad and my boyfriend ordered a savory crepe. The food was excellent and the portions were huge. It also came out extremely quickly which was appreciated.
This is my new favorite New Orleans brunch place and I'll definitely be back! It's kind of small so I imagine it gets pretty busy on weekends, but I think it would be worth the wait.Popped in here for brunch on a Saturday. It's definitely "in a local neighborhood" with a great vibe. Great brunch menu with rotating specials. We ordered the crowd favorite- the Abelskivers w/ lemon curd, the house made rabbit sausage & grits with poached eggs, the hanger steak and finally two cheddar cheese biscuits for good measure. I like be to over order:) 
Everything was delis! Fresh and homemade and the grits were the best I've ever had. A bold statement because I've had my share of grits. 
We will be back. Tomorrow in fact.I took my wife and three girls to eat there on Sunday for brunch.  After waiting for a table for over 45 mins, we finally were able to sit outside but couldn't order anything because we were told there was no clean silverware in the restaurant.  We finally were able to order and finished our meal within the hour. My wife was getting the kids in the car and overheard our waitress, Sam, tell another employee,"I really hated that table, but at least they left me a $15 tip."  I went back and confronted our rude waitress about her comment and after repeatedly lying to my face that she never said that comment, she finally admitted to it and apologized.  In short, the food was ok but the service was absolutely terrible and Toast is no way to start your Sunday morning.I love literally everything about this place. It is little-bitty and was packed, but we didn't have to wait since it was just the two of us. It didn't seem like any group was waiting long, though. The servers were super friendly and attentive. My husband had the quiche, I had the cheese and herb crepe with an egg, and we split 3 aebelskivers with lemon curd for me and chocolate for him. Oh my god, it was all so delicious. We will definitely be back ASAP!SO GOOD!  Luckily my friend lives in the neighborhood, so we walked here on Sunday morning for breakfast, before we hit the road to head home.  There was a slight wait upon our arrival, but it cleared up quickly and we were seated almost immediately!  I was impressed with the selections on the menu - my friend got a breakfast sandwich, I got an omelette (which was huge!), and my little guy got the toast with nutella and bananas.  Everything was served promptly and tasted wonderful!  The coffee was also delightful - nice and strong without being overpowering!  My son was a big fan of their house strawberry jam, and was disappointed that we couldn't buy a jar to take home with us, but the waitress was on top of it and went above and beyond and brought us a little container of jam that he could enjoy at home - what service!!  We can't wait for our next visit to New Orleans, this will definitely be a stop, and we look forward to trying something new on the menu our next go around!One of my favorite breakfast spots! The food is good but the staff really makes it a great spot. Delicious and affordable. Their specials are always great but oftentimes just enjoy the toasts!This might be the best breakfast spot I've tried in any city, ever. The quality of ingredients coupled with the amazing food pairings make this a top choice for early morning dining adventures. I was lucky enough to sample a variety of their breakfast offerings, and nothing I tried fell short of perfection. Who would have thought a piece of toast could taste so amazing? If you can make it past the toast, and are lucky enough to try the crawfish cakes, or their Danish version of a little pancake bonbon, you're in for a real treat. Heaven forbid you skip the breakfast and try the bacon burger! You might just be turned out and past the Point of No Return-- never settling for a mediocre burger again. The portions compared to the price points will make you wonder how you could ever pass this spot up. 
If you see the sign, pull over immediately and try this place. You won't regret it.Food here is excellent.. Just small.. have to get there at the right time or theres a line.. Expensive but worth it..Same people as tartine, so no surprise I love it. Tiny place, be sure to come early if you don't like to wait. Cheery atmosphere and delicious food- my husband and I always get the lemon curd aebelskivers (round Danish pancakes). 
Last trip we got the special- short ribs with grits. UNBELIEVABLE. Highly recommend if you see it on menu- incredibly tender, richly flavored and hugely satisfying.Had the toast with avocado and egg (over easy), and it was amazing!The servings are large and tasty. My husband had the chicken and waffles which were A+.  I had the spinach and bacon and cheese omelette and my friend had the ratatouille omelette. There are so many good choices on the menu that multiple trips will be needed to get a better feel. The service was spot on. It gets busy FAST we went at 8 am on Sunday and by 8:20 every seat taken. It is very loud inside.  We will be returning to try more items on menuHad brunch here yesterday with a few friends.  Everything on the menu looked great!  I had the Quiche that was the daily special.  It was about double the size I thought it was going to be and I ended up taking half home for dinner.  The service was great, but the seating space is a bit small and the chairs feel a little flimsy.  The food, however, is amazing.  Everything is priced well for what you get and I know I left thinking about when I will be back and what I will try next on the menu!I'm glad it took me moving away from NOLA and coming back on vacation to try this place or I'd be here 3 times a week. I honestly do not have a single complaint about this place. 
The pancake balls (or whatever their weird/culinary name is) are amazing. Tip: get an assortment of different dips for an extra 75 cents each because they taste great with all of them. The veggie crepe is very good and light. The highlight of the meal was the hangar steak. It was cooked absolutely perfectly and the sauce was a nice touch.
It definitely gets crowded so get here on the earlier side on the weekends and put your name down or come on a weekday!Can't give Toast an overall rating because I only eat eggs and bacon. Love the atmosphere and like it as a hangout that locals haven't "found" it yet.This place is fantastic! We had the Croque Madame and Hangar Steak which were both incredibly decadent and delicious. Toast is the new place-to-be for breakfast in New Orleans. The staff is incredibly friendly, knowledgable, and helpful. We will definitely be returning to Toast!This place may officially be our favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans now! ‼ We shared 3 aebelskivers as a side to our meals with the jam and caramel sauces. These little pancake puffs are super tasty, really fluffy, and are great for dipping!
My wife had the prosciutto & Brie crepe - very flavorful, good portion, and she says she would order again without hesitation.
I ordered the croque Madame. This dish is massive!!! I typically eat 3+ meals per day and on this day the only meal I ate was this one. The eggs were a perfect Sunny side up. The meat was cooked perfectly; not burned and not chewy. The bread was nice and soft and absorbed the egg yolks and the cheese wonderfully! Not to forget the lightly seasoned, refreshing salad and the insanely good potatoes that come with the meal. 
The ambiance is wonderful! Small place with easy outdoor seating. It gets a lot of great natural light from the front. The servers are patient, not pushy, extremely nice, and very helpful!
Check this place out, but don't tell your friends. We don't want to have to wait too long to get in next time we go.I love this place and I've only been here once! Omgoodness. 
We came on a Sunday morning around 11AM and only waited about 10-15 minutes, which was amazing! It got fairly packed like 10 seconds after we were seated. Once we were seated, she took our order and the food came very quickly.
Aebleskivers: they're just round pancake balls. Lol. But, still worth a try. I got the lemon curd and the caramel sauce. I love caramel! The lemon curd was a bit too sour for my taste so I didn't enjoy it as much as the caramel. 
Cinnamon roll: just a regular cinnamon roll. Soft, sweet, delicious. 
Steak and eggs: my bf thinks this is the best in the city. I'd disagree, but it is pretty good. The sauce that they drizzle on top makes the dish, IMO. Eggs were cooked perfectly though, no goopy egg whites!
Toast with prosciutto and honey: I dream about it sometimes. So simple, yet so delicious. 
Toast with avocado and egg: Easy. Simple. Filling. I'd rave about it more if I didn't realize that I could make it at home and it would probably taste exactly the same.
Anyway, I can't wait to come back here. Drooling just thinking about it.No wait, Great service, Awesome food!! 
What an overall great experience!!! 
Not one complaint? 
The wait staff was on the ball about everything, they picked up and refilled drinks and acted like a team!! 
The food was so good!! 
Definitely be back here!Just 4 words. Get. The. Breakfast. Burger. Oh god, I was so torn between that or the hanger steak but our server talked me into the breakfast burger and I will eternally be grateful to her! You can customize this thing basically however you'd like and it is absolutely delicious! Our servers were so so sweet and very helpful. We also got the donut balls (I don't remember the actual name for them on the menu) and they were great. We ordered three sauces which were Nutella, maple syrup, and the last one was a lemony one I believe. They were all great! A perfect last meal for our trip to New Orleans!Second time I've waited for a table and then once seated left because of the large number of FLIES in the dining room. Not a sanitary environment.Typical Saturday driving town Magazine trying to decide what to have have for breakfast and the Yelp Gods choose Toast.  As usual I figured any brunch place with 4.5 stars is going to be busy on a Saturday morning and it was.  It wasn't too bad though.
Toast is a small neighborhood restaurant and if not for the people waiting outside for their table you would drive right past it.  After parking on the street in front of someone's house you walk up and find a wait list pad where you right down your name and the number of people in your party.  Next to it they have a water pitcher so that you don't get thirsty while you wait.
Our wait was only about 30 minutes which is not bad at all for that part of the city on a Saturday morning.  When we went inside we were sat at one of the roughly 10-15 table that they have inside (there's seating outside as well).
I ended up ordering the Omelette with bacon, spinach & gruyere and we split the pancake balls with maple syrup.  The omelet was good.  Nothing to dream about and run back to the restaurant for but it was good... 
BUT THESE PANCAKE BALLS! It still is beyond me how they could make something so amazing!  They were so light and fluffy and just perfect.  There are some things in life that you just can't explain and you can't describe and this is one of them.  All i can tell you is to go and get them yourself!
I can't wait till our brunch rotation comes back around to Toast!Love Toast! Brought friends who split the special fried catfish over grits with 2 eggs. I got my usual - toast and ratatouille with scrambled eggs. Everyone loves this place and the people are great. On weekends just bring a book or whatever for the wait.My roommates and I eat here at least once a week! Sometimes it's busy but worth the wait. The food is always excellent and served quickly! Unlike most places in the NOLA area, Toast is reasonably priced! By far my favorite place to eat.Waited for 45 mins before leaving. Hostess was sitting other folks that got there after us and just kept saying we are on the list. We won't be back.Food was pretty good but fairly small portions and overpriced in my opinion. Also skimped on the avocado on the avocado toast. Service was not good either, must have asked 4 times to have water and she kept forgetting to bring all the food out and it was wrong twice when it was all brought out. But they did have almond milk so that was a plus.They do not take reservations and, if you put your name on the list, they MIGHT remember to text you that they are ready for you. But, if you don't get a text (that they forget to send) or get back within 3 minutes, they will give up your table and pretend to feel bad about the unfairness. We were told that we would be waiting a solid hour (the hostess told us it was going to be a pretty accurate hour wait as well) and apparently it took less than 10 min. So, no text and no reservation, we were told to be put back on the END of the list. That seems like good business. Eat here at your own risk!This place is really fantastic. The lack of a fifth star solely comes from a lack of diverse options on the menu, such as a waffle. Otherwise, there is absolutely no way you could come here and not have a delicious meal and experience!Excellent customer service, delicious Brie and prosciutto crepe and lemon curd puffs!! Lovely little spot for brunch! Will definitely go back the next chance I have!Couldn't have had a better breakfast before jazzfest
The place was packed, and the wait list was long, but they quickly got guests in and out. The wait list is a bit different- guests write their own name down, so some people got ancy and a bit competitive once tables opened, but the staff kept it organized and fair. 
The wait staff was very quick and attentive once we sat. I was surprised when the iced coffee came with milk in it already, I typically opt for black, but it turned out to be some of the best I had in a while. Ordered the steak and eggs, rare and sunny side up, and they turned out great, although the eggs were a bit overcooked. We were able to get in and out in great time. 
Look forward to coming back next time I'm in the city!My daughter and I found Toast early one morning last week. There are not many options for a 630a breakfast uptown.  We were pleased beyond words. Cute little place, good coffee & delicious crepes!  A goat cheese omelet with a spring greens salad was the perfect way to start our morning. Highly recommend.  Oh, the even have a parking lot!My favorite breakfast/brunch place in New Orleans. I always want to try new places but I can't help myself coming back here all the time! Delicious food, delightful staff, great location, cute decor, I can go onSaturday, Jazz Fest.  Yes, they just opened.  Everyone was patient...the customers clue you in... you have to flag a waitress down.  After 15 minutes, order has been taken.  After 45 minutes, request some fruit so I don't pass out.  Have to beg for the check...one and a half hours past.  Everyone is in the same boat.  Staff is sweet and not stressed out.  Food was really quite good.Genuinely happy staff. The Cook was on target!not long wait time for food at all.  food was perfect temperature, and delicious as delicious as can be. Clean place. Not noisy.my first time here ,and will come back.Not impressed. The mushroom, onion crepe had zero flavor. Got the avocado and egg 'toast' but it wasn't even toasted. It was just a huge chunk of bread with a little butter slapped onto it and the egg and avocado placed on top. The grits were Ok. Wasn't crazy about the flavor profile but they were nice and creamy. The aebelskivers were really egg-y. Service was good. Won't be back.The Salmon toast is phenomenal!! The chicken was scrumptious! And the Nutella crepe was sooo sweet!!Finally had a chance to try this place. So glad we did. I had the ricotta prosciutto honey toast. It was so filling and delicious. Shares  a side of ratittoulle with my son. We both enjoyed it. He had the banana and nutella crepe. It was so filling. He brought half home. He also had the avocado egg toast. Needless to say he just had that for dinner and enjoyed it too. Fast, friendly and courteous service.  Hope it was the 1st of many visits.Toast offers an array of breakfast entrees to choose from, much more than I'd imagine to experience for my first time there. I've always been aware that the area is one that is continually growing in a number of ways, but it's good to see places like this where you can just pop in and have something slightly different than the traditional breakfast meal. The skewers are a must have for those who enjoy something sweet before or after a nice meal---they're like edible pillows in some weird way. The skewers are offered with a number of sauces to choose from and each additional sauce is 75 cents each. I never knew how much I loved Nutella until I had it with these little fellas. To top it off, they do offer a few alcoholic beverages to enjoy your meal with, but sadly my lady was being a bit of a party pooper and rejected my Spritz offer. The staff is nothing less than friendly and hospitable, making sure that your every need is fulfilled. This is certainly somewhere that I would recommend having breakfast with a friend or a significant other, and I can assure you that the demand is not as overwhelming as Ruby Slipper is. I don't see this place being a best kept secret for much longer as Jazz Fest dawns upon us. With it being so close to the fairgrounds, I imagine that the visitors will be lodging closeby...please be sure to pay this place a visit. There's no better way to soak up the alcohol you'll be consuming at the festival, treat yourself!Had the hanker steak (medium). It was very good, not dry, and cooked just right. This a cool little spot right on the corner.Really good! We ate here on our last day in New Orleans and was not disappointed. Very reasonably priced and great food, would definitely come back if we visit again the future. It's pretty busy so there was a wait time, but it was worth it.Tried getting in Sunday. Yeah, not with a 45 minute wait. Had there been more (any) shade we might have waited but the awnings were not designed to provide any sun protection. 
NBD, actually. There was always another day. We were just ready to start the day. 
Back again another day. This time there's no wait and we had our pick of tables. Nice spot. Orange juice and coffee quickly appearing. 
The two stars are for the quite good avocado toast with a sunny and the okay biscuits and gravy only. 
It's some crummy service to plop down the check, sail past and say over your shoulder 'Let me know if there's anything else I can get you'. At a time of the day when there were still 4 tables open and no one waiting, inviting us to linger would have not been too taxing. 
The thing is: there was actually something else. Two orders of Aebelshivers to-go and 5% more on the tip if you had not had been such an ass.Definitely my favorite breakfast spot these days! Toast with avocado and egg? Delish!The food at Toast was amazing. We were pleasantly surprised how good the food was. The staff was friendly and helpful. We definitely will be going back.The 1st two times i ate here the food and service was excellent. The last time i ate there was atrocious...the waitress told me to order my items separately because she said it would "be cheaper that way" It wasnt and i realized this after getting my bill. So i said something and she got an attitude and threw 2 dollars on the counter. Rude! Also my food was totally NOT what i ordered and she said "Sorry but the cook's in a bad mood so im not gonna piss him off" I feel i shouldn't of had to pay for crap i didn't order and horrible customer service! Beware...Nancy, our server was amazing. She was very knowledgeable of the menu and very attentive to our needs. She circulated often and made sure the coffee was always full. She was very personal.
The food was delicious. It was my first time having boneless thighs with waffles but it was very flavorful. Nancy highly recommended it. My friend had an amazing omelet(spinach and ratatouille) he sung praises of the flavors and how smooth it was. I will be returning in the future.This place is a very nice place to sit back and enjoy your meal. Staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is laid back. The daily specials are a must try when you come.One of the best breakfast brunches I've ever had. Came highly recommended and is about 5-6 minutes by ride share from Bourbon Street. It is a New Orleans treasure. Would def go back.We love coming here. The food is delicious and worth the wait. Its tucked into a small corner of Laurel street, if you drove past it you would not look twice, but the food is phoenomenal.It was delicious! My son and I brought my best friend for her birthday and we were all very satisfied. The steak, potatoes and eggs dish is maginificent!Wasn't sure what to expect with a simple name like TOAST and a very unassuming storefront, but we were so pleased. I have read that crowds and time to service has been an issue, and I guess that depends on when you go, but we went on a weekday, mid morning,  and we did fine. The atmosphere while simple was charming and what you would think a NOLA neighborhood place should be like. I had the old reliable eggs and sausage and the sausage was terrific. Not the thin, tough, dry usual, but thick and juicy. Eggs over medium were perfect. And the toast, as you might expect, was great! My wife had something more exotic and she loved it. All in all, if you hit it at the right time, I think it can be a great experience.I've been wanting to try the Toast location Uptown but the wait was always 1hr+ to get in. My boyfriend & I didn't know about the new Fairgrounds location until recently, so we went for breakfast this morning. There was a 15 minute wait inside so we opted to dine outdoors and enjoy the springtime weather. Our waitress was very helpful and informative when it came to the menu options. We decided to order two iced coffees for our drinks; the coffee was very refreshing and not bitter at all. We also asked to start with the Prosciutto Toast with Ricotta & Honey before our entrees. The flavors complemented each other and the toast was fresh and hearty; I could tell that they make it in house. We then waited about 15-20 minutes in between our app and our breakfast entrees; neither of us minded at all since we were enjoying the weather and chatting. My boyfriend got the Ham, Tomato, & Gruyere Crepe while I opted for the Ratatouille Omelette with Chèvre and Spinach. Each of our entrees came with a side of toast and the option of fruit or salad. Both were incredibly delicious and--in my opinion--a steal for the price. My omelette was $8.50 and my boy friend's crepe was $9.00 (the toasts and fruit/salad sides were included in the entree price!). 
I will definitely be back here soon--everything on the menu looked delectable and worth trying. Plus the staff was very warm and inviting--and they gave us plenty of food recs. Our waitress recommended us to try the burger next time. We'll be back soon!Had an amazing omelet with fresh fruit and freshly baked bread. Atmosphere is intimate, but wasn't too crowded. Definitely go early to beat the crowd!Pretty delicious and very cute inside! They have iced coffee which is a nice change from a regular breakfast place. Everyone at the table had everything on the menu and I couldn't complain about anything. They give you a lot of of food too which is nice and toots pretty reasonably priced. They also have outside seating. On the weekends, be prepared to wait a while before you get sat. Worth the wait.The breakfast sandwich was perfection! The biscuit was fresh and everything was delish! The abelskivers with Nutella was just fantastic and the customer service was wonderful!Great little place, amazing food! The French toast, fried egg on avocado bread and bacon was awesome!! Wait staff was excellent!!Fantastic brunch place! Everything was delicious, made in house I believe. I had smoked salmon and scrambled eggs on their toast. The coffee is good too.
Cool vibe but most of the customers seemed like regulars. Staff were friendly and efficient ( I felt like a regular after one meal! )Wonderful breakfast spot with perfect, golden yellow fluffy omelettes, folded over just right.  The fact that the omelette had no crispy, burned edges is worth that elusive 5th yelp star for me. I opted for the biscuits with 2 sunny side up eggs( again perfectly executed, I've never seen yolks so perfectly positioned) and a morney sauce.  They were happy to sub the sausage that came with the dish for spinach for me. The place is tiny but that's what adds to the charm-it reminded me of a french cafe and had great outdoor seating. Can't wait to return so I can try the crepes or aebleskivers.This local restaurant has what you're looking for. Fun atmosphere, adventurous food, great service! The food was just as amazing as their staff!So good! Friendly staff, relaxed atmosphere and very reasonable prices. Chicken and Waffles and BLT were both the best I've ever had.  Will definitely be back.On vacation in New Orleans and wanting something good for breakfast munchies. Whipped out Yelp and found Toast. It had good reviews so we headed over. You write your name down on their wait list which is a clipboard on a table outside. You can sit outside , inside or at the bar. We had oj to drink, normal nothing to say. We ordered the prosciutto and Brie crepe, the banana Nutella crepe, and the toast with egg and avocado. Everything was delicious. The prosciutto and Brie was really good but very rich, me and my wife split it, I don't think I could've eaten the whole thing myself. The toast was really good. Nicely cooked sunny side egg, which was great over the toast and avocado. And you can't go wrong with Nutella and banana. Overall it was a good experience. My only complaint would be the wait was a little long, but that is expected if the food is good.Cute, cool, crafty cuisine. Loved this place for breakfast! The interior is very charming and inviting. The staff was friendly and attentive. All the food we got was amazing!!! We got the chicken and waffles, breakfast sandwich on a biscuit and aebelskivers with Nutella. Yum!! Would definitely go again if I'm the area.Love this little nook uptown for brunch! Some of the best avocado toast I have ever had! Only waited 5 minutes. Good for a quick breakfast. Every is super super nice and helpful in giving suggestions.Great breakfast/brunch spot! Very reasonably priced with friendly staff. Everything I had was delicious, but the stand outs were the biscuits and potatoes. My only complaint is the size of the restaurant... About half of the seating is outdoors, which is great when the weather is nice. There are usually long lines so I revoked getting there early!Good service! The omelet was cooked perfectly. The cheese and ham crepe was best I've ever had. Went on Sunday at 9:30am only a 10min wait for a table. Amazing homemade multi grain toast! Can't wait to go back!This is our family's annual Trip to Nola and this year we decided to do things a little bit differently. We rented a VRBO is the garden district and have been dining at more of the local "gems". Toast is what we found today and it in no way disappointed. We enjoyed the Croquet Madame and their little puff pancake pastries. Amazing, the sourdough toast on my madame was perfection, even the side salad that accompanied the sandwich was on point. So if you are looking for the perfect breakfast, look no further. It's worth the wait to enjoy this little "gem" located in West Riverside.Toast is so delicious! The waitstaff is wonderful and the food is well budgeted for grand portions. So good :)If you're into brunch you MUST check this place out! They have 2 locations, one uptown and one in midcity. We were trying to go to the one uptown but they had about 20 people waiting outside on a Sunday morning at around 9:45, it was insane!! That's when we decided to check out the other location and thank God we did! They had a few people outside, but on a Sunday in New Orleans when the saints play ..it is kind of expected. Upon walking in, the restaurant was very packed. The hostess was super nice, she told us the wait would be about 35-40 minutes. She then went ahead and took my phone number to call me when something became available and gave me the option of inside or out. I told her it didn't matter. Bad decision, you want to sit inside future yelpers! We waited about 30 minutes when she finally called and told us a table was available, But that it was in a sunny spot. I didn't think it would be that bad ....till we actually sat down in the sun. Worst decision ever. Upon getting seated our waitress (a nice older lady)was sooooo sweet! She took our drink orders and apologized for the sun, not that it was her fault but still it was nice. We then ordered , I got the avocado toast, bacon on side, and the potatoes on the side. The boyfriend got the chicken and waffles. I also got a small orange juice which tasted like it was freshly squeezed. Our food came out quickly, about 15 minutes. My avocado toast was good, but it couldve used a little hint of spice. The potatoes were so flavorful , I wish I could've finished them all., the bacon was perfect .The chicken and waffles were amazing!!! When I go back that's what I'm going to get. The chicken was flavorful, the butter was mixed in with some cayenne, and the waffles so soft! The price was very reasonable as well! Im so happy I found this hidden gem! Next time we will be sitting inside tho! Highly recommendI love this place, we have to come a least once while visiting family. I am always excited about the quiche of the day. The girls love their Aebleskivers with the different sauces!The Toast with Prosciutto, Ricotta, & Honey is to DIE FOR. The coffee has a lovely taste and the ambience feels like I'm right at home. The funky interior design is striking and appealing to the sight. Staff is super friendly and welcoming. THANKYOU TOAST!  My waitress Hayley is AWSOME!Good food, but I thought the coffee was a bit overpriced for the drop coffee. I will go back though because it's a great location and I would like to try something else on the menu.I've been wanting to eat breakfast here for awhile but stayed away because we can only go on the weekend & heard it was busy, Got a chance to go on Friday mid morning & got seats at the bar. Service was on-point & attentive. We shared small order of aebleskivers with lemon curd-very good! I got avocado toast with sunny egg & a side of bacon. My friend got french toast. Best breakfast we've had in a long time!Service was lovely, and ableskivers were awesome. They just didn't have beignets, even though yelp included this place under beignets, but that's not their fault.2nd visit and brought my sister.  Once again the place did not disappoint. Abelskeivers - delicious!!!!!My absolute favorite brunch spot in New Orleans! I ordered the Smoked Fish Toast & my boyfriend order the Omlette with ratatouille, chèvre, & spinach. It was phenomenal! The pancake balls are also to die for. Be sure to do waitlist for a table because it gets crowded. Love this place!This place is pretty freaking fantastic. They serve fresh locally roasted coffee and amazing food. I had crepes and cheese grits and was very impressed! I will definitely be coming back here!Amazing food. Great service.  Never disappointed. 
Avocado toast is a staple and delicious, but I recommend the corned beef if they have it as a special. They make their own hollandaise sauce.For a nice brunch before so shopping or escapades near the garden district this is a lovely choice. For my entree I had the hangar steak and it was the up most excellence! Every bite cooked exactly to order (medium) and the sauce ontop really complemented it. For a postbrunch dessert shared abelskeivers  with the nutella sauce however the really standout with that was the strawberry filling they gave us on the side that made it a truly decadent dessertAmazing place for brunch. I'm a vegetarian so I had the avacado toast with a side of the most delicious ratatouille. If you're here do try the aebleskivers. They're the right amount of sweet with a bunch of topping sauce options.Parking is a little difficult. No wait even though it was 11am on a Sunday so that was nice. Wait for food was long and we watched our food sit in the service window for quite a while. Even though food was lukewarm, it was delicious! Great Bloody Mary and friend said the orange juice was the best he's ever hadBest breakfast I've had in NOLA. I had the Avocado Toast and Lyonnaise potatoes both were amazing and I'd recommend Toast to everyone! Another thing I like was their coffee it was so delicious and rich!AMAZING! One of the best breakfasts I have ever had!! Had the breakfast sandwich and potatoes.  So GOOD!  Great service too.  If you are in New Orleans and want a cute local place, a bit off the beaten path, this is it.  If I lived in New Orleans I would eat here everyday!!! Highly recommend!Great service, excellent food. The biscuits & gravy were marvelous. Get the abelskivers!The service industry in New Orleans is very lackluster, this place breaks that mold. Our server Noell was prompt and attentive, yet strangely she had an inviting calm considering how busy this place can be, thats indicative of a good team along side of her. 5stars clappingemoji.gif poundunrelatedobscureemojiI'm telling all who read this to run, don't walk to Toast if you want an amazing breakfast. My daughter and I had breakfast here this morning and it was awesome! I had sausage, egg on a biscuit  smothered in mornay sauce with a side of grits. I think I may have died and gone to heaven. The grits were incredibly creamy and the biscuit light and fluffy. My daughter had a crepe with a side of french toast. We also had a cinnamon bun (incredible) and a scone. Yes, we totally pigged out and it was worth every calorie. The service was nice and friendly and there's a cozy vibe about the place. It is relatively small so there could be a wait on a weekend.The best chicken and waffles I've ever had! And I never write reviews, but if you're in NoLa and what chicken and waffles.... come here! So goooood.I LOVE this place. I go to Octavia Books every time I visit NOLA and have always seen people waiting outside of Toast. I finally decided to try it and I was not disappointed! The food is AMAZING. I ordered the Sugar and Butter crepe and fell in love at first bite. The biscuits are so big and fluffy and the bacon is a thick cut and very savory! I love how quaint the location. The inside is pretty small and the staff is so friendly. Highly recommend!!Toast represent the best of "southern hospitality".  We were visiting our daughter who lives nearby and when she went to work, we looked around for a nearby breakfast place.  We discovered Toast as it was also nearby Bourdreaux's an auto repair place.  Toast is a casual place with outdoor seating also.  We chose to eat inside. Our server was Gretchen and she was both pleasant and efficient.  We had a bit to eat at our daughter's and thus were not very hungry.  I ordered a classic breakfast ($9) which consisted of two eggs, bacon, grits, and a biscuit.  My spouse was unsure of what to order so Gretchen recommended ordering a kids plate which essentially is the same as the classic, but without the grits.
The food was very good and the service was quick. Another server from Jackson, MS came by and welcomed us.  We even got to keep the plastic Toast water cup.  I could eat breakfast here daily and not get tired of it.  It well represents New Orleans in friendliness.Ok, after nearly 3 years it's time for me to update this review. It takes a while for my hanger to subside and forgiveness to set in. But I would be remiss if I didn't state we've been back multiple times and had excellent service and a far more reasonable wait for the food. (Keep in mind - on busy brunch weekend hours you will wait for a table. That is to be expected for a small, neighborhood spot.) Everything I've had here is delicious - omelettes, grits, biscuits, crepes, aebleskivers, all of it. If you can make it on a quiet, weekday morning you'll have a delicious meal sitting in front of you in no time.Y'all. That savory crepe with gruyere, herbs, and an overeasy egg. SO DELICIOUS. And then my friend got the aebelskivers and they were awesome too. The tea selection was OK, but they had a some variety so I'll take it. My friends love their food and the coffee. 
There was a wait on a Saturday morning but I liked that you can get a text when your table is ready. The space isn't the hugest. Be prepared to make friends with the table next to you.
The wait staff is hustling and have great attitudes.The food was absolutely fantastic. And the atmosphere was quaint. If u love potatoes like I do,  and their chicken and waffles were out of this worldI've now been to Toast for Sunday brunch on 3 separate occasions. Short version: quality of food & coffee is excellent & portion sizes are generous for the pricing - just prepare for a wait and for a noisy/crowded atmosphere during the height of brunch time.
Longer version: My party of 3 was very lucky the first time we went - we were seated right away and enjoyed our various dishes (which included the abelskivers, french toast, and an omelette). The coffee was excellent. The inside seating was very cramped and loud, so I don't recommend it if you like personal space or can't ignore a stranger sitting very near you.
I was also with a party of 3 for my 2nd visit. The wait was longer but not unpleasant, and we were seated outside. Even with the summer storm pouring away, we were (for the most part) well protected by the awning, and the food and coffee was again excellent. I enjoyed bites of my friend's ratatouille crepe and devoured my own toast with avocado & egg. 
(Note: unless you otherwise specify, the egg will be served sunny-side up. Pretty sure my server at the time  just forgot to ask about how I wanted my egg cooked, and I didn't think to volunteer the info. It was delicious anyway, and I've since heard other servers clarify with their tables about how the eggs should be cooked.)
Today's 3rd visit was with a party of 4, and it took well over an hour to be seated because another party of 4 was allowed to jump ahead of us when they complained of needing to get to the airport, and a party of 8 also needed special accomodation. If the weather hadn't been so pleasant, I doubt we would have stayed. Our server was great, and she kept our coffee and water glasses full. I ordered the bacon, onion, and cheese crepe with a scrambled egg added - there were way too many onions, but they were easily shoved to the side as I ate with my fork & knife. One friend had a croque madame - excellent portion size for the price. Someone ordered a cinnamon roll that was shared for the table, and it was obviously fresh and was delicious.
The quality of food has remained excellent, and my usual brunch group is used to a reasonable wait, so I foresee Toast staying on my brunch rotation for a long time.Such a nice friendly neighborhood location. The service and food was great, I will definitely be returning. Grits and crepes are highly recommended.Really cute place! Food tastes delish, I've tried the toasts and the crepes, and they've all been great. Great place for a quick bite to eat.Loved this niche place! Those pancake balls ableskivers were awesome! Loved everything we had. Best breakfast spot we visited in New Orleans. Whenever I come back I'll plan to visit this place again!!Small place with lots of character.  
Definitely try this place.  
Enjoyed my dish.  
Waffle sandwich w/ sunny side eggs, ham & avocado.   Yummy.Ridiculously good!!! Worth every minute of the wait. Food and service were exceptional and we hope to visit one more time before heading back to the West coast. The crab cake special exceeded our expectations. No breadcrumb stuffed business, just the nitty gritty...crab and goodness and served with the silkiest of grits and a lovely salad. Sweetness overload with the colorful King Cake crepe. Highly suggested you share the love on this one. Friendliest of service. A toast  to Toast!I'm gonna have to go again. The croque Madame seemed like such a good idea, but the bread was burnt and it's all I could taste. The lemon pastries we got as an appetizer were pretty damn good though. I saw some other items coming out the kitchen that looked solid. Oh yeah, they had a nice pulpy orange juice, which I love.The ratatouille omelet and the abelskivers (or whatever they're called) here are heavenly. This place is a hidden gem to anyone who lives in Gentilly or Mid-City. Pro-Tip: When they ask if you want extra strawberry jam, always say yes!So. Much. Food. Got the tacos with guacamole and chorizo. Couldn't eat it like a taco it was so stuffed. Had to knife and fork it. Still very, very good. The pancake balls were so fluffy and moist.The staff was very pleasant but the food was disappointing. We arrived early on a Wednesday morning so there wasn't a wait for a table, but when we departed 45 minutes later there, at 8a there was a sign in sheet.
I ordered the biscuit combo which was a flour biscuit with 2 patty sausages, 2eggs over easy, sauce and choice of a side. I selected the grits. I adore grits, but there made with salt water. The safe was asking everyone that ordered grits if they wanted cheese and my assumption was it was a vain attempt to disguise the salt. My friend ordered the the same with back and she also commented the grits. 
Personally, I found the wall art the most enjoyable part of this establishment and there wasn't that much to look at.
With all the cute and delightful places to eat in New Orleans, I won't be back.Everything we had was yum! I highly recommend the avocado with egg toast and the steak and eggs with potatoes entree (my husband had this one and it was delicious). I modified the avocado egg toast to be fried hard egg, which made the overall meal kind of dry so I wish there had been a sauce or optional drizzle like basil pesto to go with it. The server offered me a sauce to go with it that was good but not excellent. Still a very GREAT dish! And we had the aebleskivers which are essentially pancake bites with the Nutella and a strawberry sauce and it was all quite delicious! Will definitely return when in townThis is my all time favorite restaurant. If you are looking for something upscale and fancy, this is not your place (and New Orleans then probably isn't either)
But, if you want a cozy brunch in a small cute place, check it out. 
Most people get the avocado toast, but I highly recommend the cheese and herb crepe with an added egg. Definitely split the abelskivers (I recommend getting them with chocolate sauce, Nutella and caramel)
One thing I wish was a bit better is the iced coffee, but it is still good!Lucky to have toast just one block from my place. Everything I've had here has been great. The first time I had the ham and cheese crepe, cooked perfectly, and it came with fresh fruit on the side. Second time, I ordered the classic breakfast (wasn't on the menu but the server said it was offered): 2 eggs (I ordered over medium-perfect), bacon (very smoky, good quality), grits (creamy and rich, though I added a little salt), and a biscuit. I'm from Mississippi and am a huge fan of biscuits. These are not your typical buttermilk biscuits, they have cheese baked into them for starters, but they're great. Fluffy but good moist crumb and almost fried on the bottom because they are cooked with butter in the bottom of the pan.  We have started ordering two biscuits to go on Saturday mornings for our breakfast at home. Oh yeah, and the coffee is delicious... Provided by French Truck, I believe. Thanks for coming to our hood, Toast!I plan on making this stop my regular go to when it comes to breakfast and brunch dates whether it's with my partner or my girlfriends. 
The menu alone begs for multiple visits. Its hard to decide between beautiful, thick toast piled with anything from salmon, prosciutto or avocado. But then, savory crepes! They also serve what I can only describe as a hybrid of a pancake and a beignet served with a variety of toppings; lemon curd, Nutella, home made jam...As I sat waiting for my friend to arrive, I must have changed my mind four times. I actually used pictures on yelp! To help seal the deal. After all you do "eat with your eyes", no?
We ordered the avocado toast plus one egg and bacon--great texture and great flavor on the bacon. I had the waffle sandwich with thick cut ham, egg over medium (perfect), roasted tomato, avocado and pimiento cheese. Between the pimiento cheese and the roasted tomato seasoning I was having a hard time deciding which I liked better. Incredibly balanced in texture and flavor and an overall great value for your dollar.
Standards apply here as well, coffee, cappuccino, iced coffee, tea, and breakfast deals for early risers.
The space is unique, new, cozy--yet spacious. My only complaint is the bar top is very crowded with caddies, glassware and a pretty disorganized bar area that also serves as a service station for dirty glassware. Amongst the stacks of clean and dirty, it was hard to tell the difference where one started and the other ended. There was a highly under utilized shelf in the corner of the wraparound bar that had a Bluetooth speaker,  bottle of schnapps and several small "pails" that might have been used for plating purposes but since abandoned. If they spent a morning overhauling their organization of that bar top I feel it would be even more inviting to sit at.
The only other item to mention in hopes of tightening things up, would be to mention to staff not to eat in front of them. If you're going to do it, at least go where a paying customer can't see you. This ain't yo mammas house.
I definitely plan on returning as I kept raving  about the place after I left. Ruby Slipper is out, Toast is in!!Solid breakfast and brunch spot.  Went when I wasn't starving but had the avocado toast - yum!  My husband had the biscuit and gravy - I'm drooling as I typing now.Enjoyed our experience dining here. I like the vibe. We received great customer service with our waitress. Our food was a little long getting to us. And they do charge for more maple syrup. Pricing seemed fair.Geez this place is AMAZING! Full on a Monday but worth the wait ! We didn't wait long at all. The food is so good! Portions are good also. Best food so far in New Orleans -2nd UPDATE:  Cara never replied providing me examples of how I mistreated her staff.  She has also not refunded the money she said she would.  Can't say I'm surprised... 
UPDATE:   Cara, the owner, reached out to me via Facebook messenger.  She stated she was refunding the rest of my transaction, however that wasn't what any of us were looking for.  All we wanted was an apology, something she still hasn't done.   
As a loyal Toast customer I was amazingly disappointed by this experience. I regularly visit the other location and have never had a bad time, but this was a failure.
The wait to be seated was reasonable, and the waitress was great. We ordered our food, but had a last-minute party join us. He ordered food 15 minutes after the rest of us. An hour later his food was the only food that had come out. He got his whole breakfast and ate it before our food even arrived to the table.
When the food came out, it was nothing but a disappointment. My friend to order Chicken and Waffles had waffles that looks like they've been sitting for a while before being served. There was nothing crispy about them and they were lukewarm. None of the eggs anyone ordered or cooked fully let alone correctly. The eggs were so undercooked that we couldn't even eat them. The eggs and biscuits should have been served over easy with served sunny side up, with no gravy. The only thing that was remotely ok where the crepes. So at this point we had an epic wait and crap food. We couldn't even ask for corrections to our food because we had already waited so long.
We asked to speak to a manager and the waitress obliged very quickly. When the woman came over all she said was this is our first busy weekend. I pointed out that food that had been ordering much later at our table had come out long before the rest of our food. I was told it was because they all come from different stations. But that fails to explain is how he got his crate before the rest of us got our Crepes & Crepes all come from the same station. We tried to explain that we understood that but it didn't change the quality of the food being served or the wait time she simply repeated that it was a busy weekend then turned and walked away. We later learned it was not the manager, but rather the owner..
Although we did we all receive half of our bill, nothing makes up for the lack of customer service from the owner. We understand that it's a busy weekend with Voodoo Fest however step should have been taken to to accommodate that. I'm so disappointed by my toast experience, and will not be back anytime soon. Willing to forgive bad food with good customer service, but having the owner turned her back and walk away in the middle of a conversation does not constitute quality service.Just your average breakfast place. The pancake "ableskivers" or something along the lines of that was pretty decent. Other than that, there was nothing that would make me come back for more.We LOVED toast! The service is great and the food is awesome. We came here after waiting at a table at another Nola brunch spot for over 15 minutes with no service and even though Toast was more crowded, we were promptly greeted and seated and had a great meal with awesome service.I've eaten here at least twice and always enjoyed the food. The staff has been friendly. But the place is crowded and that presents logistical challenges that, now, I surmise they aren't properly handling. 
Today our party of 3 waited for an hour and were not seated. Despite there being several tables open. We talked to the waitress/hostess and she was aware of our plight but incapable of dealing with the problem in an adult manner. 
The place needs either better "adult supervision" or better seating systems, or both. For example, we saw people come in and put their name ahead of us. 
Let me be clear: I realize that we might have had one bad hostess on a busy day. And I know the place is busy on every Sunday (which is when we came today). 
But...
They need a better system, or they need to train even the hapless waitresses to do the following: TELL THE CUSTOMERS WHO ARE WAITING WHATS GOING ON. 
If you tell me your slammed and I'll be waiting an hour you give me information I can use to better allocate my time.
Hopefully, that will improve. I'll come back in a few months to see if that happens.Breakfast, lunch or just brunch this place will hit the spot! Get the pancake bites with lemon curd. The savory prosciutto and Brie crepe was my favorite, but the chicken and waffles is also a great staple. Don't miss this great find. Just street park and stroll through this quaint New Orleans neighborhood.Cute cozy breakfast spot tucked away inside of a residential neighborhood. The food was good, nothing special, and reasonably priced.We tried the other location which a long line of younger crowd. So went on to this Laurel St. location which felt a lot friendlier and away from the usual hustle. This feels like the newly gentrified area it is. So there's a bit of regret that comes along with seeing the newly renovated dwellings with tightly packed street parking of newer import cars.
But the newer coats of paint and other repairs on these old houses sure are easy on the eyes of a visitor.
We had a short wait for an outside table for four. We orders the ham quiche as it was the special. I hesitate about quiche as it is a disappointment most of the time. The crust was wonderfully thin and flaky, and the portion very generous. 
Also had a Brie and prosciutto crepe with a berry jam that our server suggested. Great as a whole although neither the Brie nor the prosciutto appeared to be ripe enough to the flavor level I like. Par for the course in the US I guess but was expecting more flavor from a NOLA version. Texture however was great as well as the greens that came with it. The coffee was also very good. 
Had seen reviews raving a about their pancake dough dumplings (can't remember the name, Abercrombies? Aesteriskivels?) Any way, nothing special about those IMHO although the lemon custard that came with them was good.
We had a very friendly server and I loved the laid back and relaxed atmosphere. Including the fact that locals that come in with dogs also get a bowl of water for the dog. A dog-friendly place is a very nice French touch that tells you this  is NOLA, unlike the rest of the U.S.
Other places may have more interesting food but this is the kind of place everyone would wish to have next door. Not a touristy spot but very neighborhood focused. Catering to all age groups and their pets. Not for the dwellers of the French quarter. 
I'm one who is always for eating and drinking like a local while dodging the tourist traps.The eggs and avocado on toast is so yummy. There is no butter skimping in this restaurant, and for that I am so appreciative. I'm just waiting for the day when the quiche du jour is vegetarian :)I had the best crêpe (mushroom onion peppers chèvre & ricotta) of my life and the fries were spectacular as well. It was really busy and the wait was long but that was understandable as it's a really small place and we were here at the big Sunday brunch rush time.Hit the spot. A terrific brunch destination. Close quarters and some traffic because of its popularity but definitely worth the wait. Just went next door for a Bloody Mary while waiting. Every bite was delicious.A really great spot to grab breakfast. My wife and I came here on a Sunday morning around 8:30 am. Parking was weird for is because we aren't used to New Orleans and there wasn't any kind of lot we could find (we did street parking on a nearby lane). Inside is a bit quirky with a bar and uneven floor but it was not super busy that early in the morning. My wife ordered the Prosciutto and Brie Crepe and I got the Abelskivers with chocolate dipping sauce to start. I'm glad we held back on another entree because these two were massive. The Abelskivers are really interesting because they are soft and hollow with the exact consistency of a pancake. I'm not entirely sure how they do that with a ball but it was delicious. The crepe was super rich and fantastic. It tasted like there was some basil in it as well. We shared the two and had to leave a couple balls behind because everything was so filling. I really wish we lived in New Orleans so we could explore everything on the Toast menu!This place was sooooo delicious. I would definitely come back here again on my next visit to NOLA. Do not skip out on the potatoes. I enjoyed my waffle burger. The waffle was nice, soft and not too thick.One star off for the outside sitting with smell coming from a horse farm. I didn't quite expect the stinky smell.
Other than that. Food and service is excellent. My husband had toast ratatouille with sunny side up egg, daughter had avocado toast while I had ratatouille omellette which came with a side salad with vineagrette.  A small order of aebelskivers with nutella rounded the breaksfast. Our service was very attentive. Had to rush our meal since due to the stinky air smell and having to fight with flies!   
Next time, we will wait to get a inside seating.Loved our breakfast this morning.  I had the mushroom, spinach, onion, pepper, goat cheese crepe which was delicious and healthy.  It came with a fresh fruit salad that  also was tasty and nourishing.  My wife chose the monte cristo,  a french toast sandwich, enclosing ham and cheese, with the option to dip it in a raspberry sauce.  Either way, you'll love it.  A tasty little side salad came with it.  We ended up with the aebelskivers and lemon curd dipping sauce.  It is possible to have a half order, if you need to temper your gluttony. Wash it all down with some excellent house coffee..  A perfect start to any day.Don't come here if you are hungry. Maybe bring some granola to snack on. We waited an hour for some eggs and toast. Had we ordered hangar steak, I would expect to wait a few minutes. I understand this isn't fast food but the wait was unacceptable and it wasn't just our table. The food was delicious but by the time it arrived we were too hangry to care.
***To be fair the wait staff apologized for our wait and brought us apology scones after our food arrived. We genuinely appreciated the gesture. For the future, if the kitchen gets backed up, maybe bring scones to the tables while they wait.Can't believe this has been in Gentilly this whole time. Great food at even better prices.
I came a cross this spot on yelp for my birthday. I was drawn by the fact that it was a new place that was so close and the food looked tasty. Being that this is now my second of what I am sure will be many visits, I can assure you won't be disappointed.
On my Initial visit I found myself torn between the varieties of lunch and brunch selections. The menu was composed of toasts*obviously, omelettes, crepes (sweet & savory), waffle sandwiches, something called Abelskeivers & traditional brunch Entrees. Luckily for us a group who had just finished suggested the lemon curd crepe & grits.
Sooo this is some of the best damn grits in New Orleans. They were super creamy & flavorful, no salt or pepper needed the addition of cheese, cheddar is their standard, makes these grits an experience all they're own! The crepe was light and airy & the lemon curd made them surprisingly refreshing. On the second trip I tried the prosciutto & Brie crepe which was again amazing. And the the abelskeivers, are what you'd imagine eating a pastry Cloud to be like. All in all this place is a MUST TRY!I LOVED my first experience at Toast. I was that annoying customer who asked to combine ingredients that weren't offered together as a dish on the menu (I asked to have ratatouille in a crepe), and our server was so gracious and didn't make me feel bad at all. 
The ratatouille and bacon crepe was exactly what I wanted and I was a happy camper. 
Prices are super reasonable for great quality brunch.Toast is one of the best brunch places in New Orleans, and without a doubt top 3 by Tulane. It's up there with Satsuma, Refuel, etc. 
This was my second visit to Toast and it was phenomenal. For a place that closes at 2:00 PM, they had no problem serving us at 2:30 PM when we put our names down at 1:45 PM. With a long list of people ahead of us, we expected a long wait. But, they seated us quickly and we were sitting down by 2:00 PM! 
Me and the other three in the party really enjoyed everything we ordered. What we got: lox toast, honey and prosciutto toast, avocado and egg toast, croquet madame, butter and sugar crepe, nutella pancake balls, and an omelette. My favorite was the prosciutto toast and the pancake balls. The only decent item was the omelette, which could've been tastier, it was pretty bland. 
The food came in under 20 minutes which was awesome as we were all hungover and starving after Voodoo fest.
We can't wait to return!Maxis got little corner spot away from all the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter. Situated near the fairgrounds this little gem has a small menu but all the items we tried were amazing. Parking can be a hassle so if you can Uber here do it. We had the sausage biscuits and gravy and they were delicious. The biscuits had a glaze of honey that just enhanced the taste. It also came with grits. Tip get the grits with gruyere for a fuller the Brie crepes were also phenomenal and you must try the aioli with fries. The only reason I gave this place 4 stars was because the hostess kept telling us Thor wait was 90 minutes. They obviously didn't want our business maybe because it was 1 and they close at 2. They were telling everyone who walked in about the long wait. Luckily we were sitting down within 15 minutes. Our server, Nancy was super friendly and took care of us very well. A must for brunch in NOLA.Great neighborhood Veggie omelette with Ratatouille, spinach & goat cheese; added the ubiquitous grits, and a side of multi grain toast with homemade strawberry jam. The omelette was a fluffy egg-mass encasing the ratatouille and spinach. Fluffy and airy eggs and a hint of spice in the ratatouille. Not sure about the spinach adding anything but really sure about the creamy smoothly coolness of the goat cheese. Oh, and I just found out they have Taco Tuesday with homemade tortillas - see you next Tuesday!Toast is hands down the best breakfast place in town. I LOVE this place. LOVE IT.
Now the key is you probably shouldn't really order the toast... It's kind of a rip off. But everything else is fabulous. I've never had anything bad here. Their daily specials are usually delicious and they serve good coffee (I think it's French Truck, which is my favorite in town).
The steak is AMAZING for the price. It's amazing just because, actually. The abelskivers are awesome and the waitress will usually bring out more than one sauce. The jam here is AMAZING, don't miss it. Love the lemon curd as well.
But my heart will always, always belong to the brie and prosciutto crepe. So, so good. It makes everything better. 
It can get pricey, but if you split everything with a friend, it's so affordable for how amazing it is. Unfortunately, everyone else in the world thinks its amazing too because there's almost always a (looooong) wait if you go during peak hours.Incredible! The wait was insane (well over an hour) but I was dining alone for brunch, so I got a quick seat at the bar. The person that commented earlier that the wait for service at the counter was slow, I think it was just an off day for them. Service was super fast and Lydia was so friendly and personable. Don't think twice, if they offer the crab beignets ORDER THEM. I also had the daily breakfast sandwich: perfectly cooked thick bacon, Gruyere, and an egg on their amazing cheddar biscuit. The stranger I befriended next to me ordered the crab cake benedict, which was also utterly delicious. If you have time to wait, do yourself a favor and wait. If you don't have time to wait, make time. It's well worth it. Oh and I'm pretty picky about my coffee...I approve of your coffee Toast, I approve :)Toast makes for a great breakfast or lunch spot in uptown. Toast or rather toast alternatives here are great. My experiences here have always been enjoyable. Expect to wait a bit to be seated as this place tends to always be busy. I suggest, toast with avocado if you are looking for something light. If the Nutella on toast caught your eye too, order both from the kids menu. (They won't judge you, I promise) For something more filing the ratatouille here is amazing and the crepes are quite filling! Lastly, if you have a sweet tooth, ebelskivers are the way to go! I recommend Toast to all locals and visitors!I stumbled upon this place accidentally and was so glad that I did! Everything on the menu looked amazing, but I chose the BLT (w eggs) and it was OUTSTANDING!! can't wait to go back & try everything else!Great food and great service. If you can find street parking it is worth it. Daily mimosa specials. Large portions. We had a great breakfastGreat music.  Great food.  Staff was clearly caught off guard by a rush today, and the service was a  but slow, but still friendly and happy to make suggestions.
Would absolutely go back!Great service and GREAT food. Our table shared the pancake balls (whatever they're called!) with Nutella and I had the toast with avocado and an egg sunny-side-up. Everything was DELICIOUS. Service was fast and friendly!This is a beautiful place to enjoy breakfast, and the aebleskivers are unique with lots of choices for flavoring.  The omelette was nicely crafted, and Toast is a new breakfast favorite.We came here for breakfast on a recent trip to New Orleans. There was no wait on a weekend morning and the service was friendly. The table shared a plate of aebleskivers with lemon curd- soooo good! Sweet and delicate. I had the prosciutto toast with egg and I can't remember what my dining companions had but everything was delicious. Would definitely recommend.Amazing! We went here for brunch and had the aebleskivers with homemade lemon curd. They were absolutely fantastic and we cannot wait to come back! We went on a weekday so we did not have to wait. Everyone was very friendly. Try this place, it's a must!This was probably the best breakfast place we have been to in a while. We got the aebleskivers with nutella which melted in your mouth.  I got the prosciutto and brie crepe which was so delicious and perfrctly made. My husband got the ratatoullie toast with fried oysters which was a special that day and it was mouthwatering. The grits were so creamy and the fruit was as fresh as it could be. The staff was extra friendly and welcoming. Our waitress was Nancy and she was amazing!!! Def plan to go back and bring more people!!Having been to the Laurel Street location on about 6 separate occasions, I decided to check this location out. Parking can be an issue, as they have no dedicated lot, and they are located in a mainly residential area near the racetrack. I showed up on a Saturday, in the middle of the morning, and boy, they were packed.
There are a couple of tables set outside, but they are on a busy section of street, and I can imagine a lot of dirt gets kicked up and could get in the food being served. The entrance is narrow and there is not much space to move around in the entry to the restaurant. I was a party of 1, and had to wait for a spot at the bar to sit, as there were groups at every table, and groups waiting for tables. The chair was too low and I felt like a child, and that I could almost set my mouth to the plate and scoop in the food. It was more than kind of uncomfortable.
I asked the server if the biscuits were the same as they were at the Laurel Street location, and she stated that she had never been there before and did not know. I got a biscuit (because I love the ones from the Laurel Street location) and the banana nutella crepes and a glass of water. There were no refills on the water, the biscuit was not like the others and was hard. I did like the crepe, it was hot and fresh.
I was waiting to finish this review as I was trying to decide if I wanted to give a second chance. My initial (and only) visit was on December 10, and I just haven't been able to convince myself to return. The restaurant itself is neat and clean, just small and not enough service. I was pleasantly surprised at how clean all of the surfaces of the tables and the floor was. The restaurant was very well lit with natural light. I would have liked a refill on the water, or the waitress to ask how I was doing. But, in the end, I had to ask to pay as I waited about 5 minutes after my plate was cleared and the check was not brought to me. Again, I know they were busy, but I don't have much time to waste.Unreal, serious talent at this breakfast lunch small eatery.  The food is excellent and I almost don't want to post for fear of giving up this secret spot.  Can't wait to go again.The espresso machine was broken but their drop coffee is probably the best cup of coffee I've had in a long while!! Had a great salmon/egg on toast SUPER tasty. So glad I came here!Small, cute hidden place. Not the best for parking, but well worth all the trouble. Prepare to leave becoming best friends with the tables around you, because it's that cozy. Food is awesome. Aebleskivers are a must. Must. I repeat, a must. A trip here without a order or two of those delicious airy bad boys... will be considered wasted ! Wasted. I mean who would want plain ole pancakes after that ? 
Try the Hagar Steak with the tarragon aioli and lyonnaise potatoes ! Tender steak with a spiced up sauce ? Yes please.Great place for breakfast...we had a beautiful table outside. Friendly service, delicious iced tea and the aebleskivers with nutella are worth traveling for. Highly recommend for a casual breakfast in a beautiful neighborhood.We enjoyed brunch. I of course got the Chicken and waffles. He got the blueberry French toast. It was good. A little crowded. Service was decent. Food was very good. There actually wasn't any wait. We sat at the bar area. Mimosas were a must try.Great croque Madame. Bacon eggs and French toast all good love this place. Great bagelsGood God, so delicious. Aebelskivers with chocolate is to die for. Great bacon and coffee. Benedict special was beautiful! I wish I lived here so I could bunch weekly with them. Worth the wait, for sure.Came here for Sunday brunch and only waited 10 minutes - a New Orleans miracle! Yummy and unique food choices and excellent service. Portions were generous for the prices. Two entrees + two huge lattes came to $38 (including the 20% tip). Can't wait to visit their other locations to try out the different menu items!I went to toast on Friday morning. I like how it's a small neighborhood restaurant. I also liked how we could seat ourselves and had the choice of sitting at the bar, indoor table, or outdoors. Our server was great and made sure to check on us multiple times throughout our breakfast.
We started out with some abelskivers with maple syrup. They were delicious! They looked like beignets, but they were much better!  I had the spinach, mushroom and goat cheese crepe with a side of lyonnaise potatoes. We also had the hanger steak with eggs, lyonnaise potatoes, and gruyere cheese grits. We both enjoyed everything! We will definitely be returning soon!My work friend recommended this place the other day and since we were in the area, we decided to give it a try. There were quite a wait and the place is not very big, but we figured if there were so many people waiting for tables on such rainy day, this place must be good!
Well, we are right!!!!.....
Service was great. Our server was so friendly. Even though the place was so busy, she managed to be calm and kind. She made sure we had our drinks refilled constantly and was always with a smile.
Okay, food... It's AMAZING!!!! We ordered the French toast puff (there is a name for it but I just can't remember) and it was so light and fluffy. Dipping the lemon cream was just adding another level of awesomeness to it.  Most importantly, I think my 3 year old will enjoy this more even... For our main course, we ordered the prosciutto and Brie crepe with a side spinach salad, and Sausage, eggs, gravy on homemade biscuit with grits.  
The crepe has a perfect ratio of prosciutto and Brie, so it was not too salty and with the side spinach salad, it just adds freshness to the dish. The salad was also perfectly tossed with the right amount of dressing.  
The biscuit... Oh goodness, it's just beyond good. The eggs were sunny side up and the sausage patties were delicious. They are very flavorful and not salty at all. (By now, you can tell that I am not a big fan of salt. ;-)) the biscuit was crispy and fluffy at the same time.  The gravy was pour over the whole thing and at first, I was being a little skeptical about it but it turned out that the gravy was so light and flavorful!  The grits... I think they put butter in it but whatever it is, it's perfect to this dish!
Confession:  I wasn't being a creep or anything, but I peeked at what other people were ordering and the toast with avocado and fried egg looked amazing as well so I think I will get that next time.I got introduced to this place by one of staff working there who I met at another place but could not resist visiting after listening to all a great things the staff had to stay. I am delighted I did visit toast and enjoyed the environment. It's kind if f interesting: had I not been told about this place, I might never had ventured in that direction. Anywys, I can vouch for the food and the service!Really long wait but it was breakfast on Sunday so it wasn't unusual. The waitress was super friendly but it just took a long time to get any of our order. The hot chocolate was cold when we got it and the food was super greasy. Not bad but not my favorite. Maybe a different day would be a different experience?Absolutely marvelous breakfast! The wait staff is friendly and attentive. Get there early because it is small and quaint, therefore it fills up quickly. The quiche is unbelievable according to the friends I had breakfast with. I had the unique pancakes and they were delicious and worth the a visit just to try them. I love TOAST!Typed in brunch on yelp and this place pulled up closest to my house. Man am I'm glad we stopped in. Food was amazing! The mimosas were strong & the staff was super friendly. Definitely would recommend for anyone in town looking to have a nice brunch!Finally made it to Toast and it was pretty disappointing in every way.
There were three of us so even though it was my first dining experience, we tasted enough of the menu for me to write a review.
The service was terrible.  It was busy at 12:30 on a Sunday but our waitress was awful.  She messed up everyone's order.  The parts she did get right came out at different times so that some of us had food, some didn't and essential parts of the meal weren't delivered.
The two stars, however, is for the sub-par food.
I had the ham and cheese crepe.  I bet there are frozen ham and cheese crepe entrees at Winn-Dixie that taste better after being heated in the microwave.  Completely dry crepe, terrible ham and very little Gruyere.  No bechamel sauce, no flavor, pitiful. 
The bacon, onion and cheese crepe came without the bacon (and egg that was added on extra) and had almost no onions or cheese.  Even after it was brought back to the kitchen and fixed it was still flavorless and awful.
The third got the traditional American breakfast that is not on the menu.  The bacon came out raw and the eggs undercooked.
We ordered the the ebelskivers for dessert.  They tasted like slightly burned balls of pizza dough.  Even the multiple dipping sauces that they generously let you pick from aren't enough to cover up their unappetizing flavor.
The girls at the table behind us all ordered omelettes and said they were average at best.  Some friends of mine were walking out and said their food was sub par as well.
There's no charm in bad food.I cannot wait to go back. This unassuming brunch spot is absolutely delightful, and has a really varied menu. Their cheddar biscuits are great, and the savory and sweet crepes are musts. We all split the toasted marshmallow crepe as dessert, as it would be too much on its own. Great for groups, and feel free to snag a table inside or outside. 
The toasts sound amazing---I cannot wait to try to proscuitto, honey, and rictotta toast next time.Ate here with my mother and brother and we all loved it! Brother had Aebleskivers with lemon curd and said they were excellent. My mom and I had the quiche of the day - great portions, and excellent. Also loved the cheddar biscuit.Toast came highly recommended by one of our Uber drivers, who said it was a great neighborhood diner mostly frequented by locals.
On our last morning in New Orleans before heading to Cajun country, we stopped by Toast. 
The restaurant was nearly full but there was one table left for us before a line started forming. 
I ordered a Southern specialty, chicken and waffles. It came with a cayenne butter and real maple syrup, not the sugar water that contains a thimbleful of real syrup in a whole bottle.  
The chicken was tasty, as was the waffle. 
Service was friendly. 
I was glad we stopped here. It came as advertised by our drive. Great recommendation.Absolutely in love with this place! I wish they have one here in Boston. One of my girlfriends and I wanted to go for brunch, and this little gem was just a couple streets down from the place we were staying. The staff and our waitress was excellent! Super attentive and checked on us just enough times. The overall aesthetic of the place was also super comfy and enjoyable. 
The food is also crazy delicious and plating is done beautiful as well. We got nutella and banana crepes, a order of avocado toast, breakfast sampler, one order of abeleskivers (puffed pancakes), and mimosas!! Everything was perfect and wish we had visit one more time before leaving NOLA. 
Water rating: five stars, there's a pitcher there for you to serve yourself and is able to get a refill even without asking. 
Food/drinks: five stars
Overall service: five stars
Definitely recommend!!I got the prosciutto and brie savory crepe, which was a bad choice. It was way too cheesy (I didn't know that was possible), but it was completely my fault since I picked one with a cheesy cheese like brie. The prosciutto also made for a quite salty experience. However, every last bite of the other dishes (and drinks) was amazing, and I know if I don't get that same crepe next time, it'll be a 5 out of 5 experience. The aebelskivers with lemon curd really saved the day for me. I'll definitely get those again. Also, the BLT and fried oyster toast special were to die for. I'm really ready to go back and let this place redeem itself from my bad decision. I'll update my review when I do!Went to Toast on Gentilly for the first time today.  Absolutely fantastic!!!  Got there at 8:30 so there was no wait. There was a wait when we left at 9:45. Cute small place, warm hospitality, amazing food! I had the Ham, Tomato and Gruyere Crêpe with the Greens. My friend had the Mushroom, Spinach and Chèvre Crêpe with Greens. She also had a side of a creamiest grits I've had in a while. Both crêpes were equalldelicious, and we each had leftovers to take home. To start, we shared an order of the Aebelskivers with homemade lemon curd and Nutella...OMG!  Little round puffs of pancake heaven! I also had a delicious cappuccino that I enjoyed so much I had a second.  My server was warm, the atmosphere is friendly and neighborly with other diners making suggestions for you. It reminded me of one the reasons I love my city so much! Thank you to Toast! You are a welcome addition to our neighborhood and I wish you much success!My friend and I came here on a Sunday morning and had a 20-minute wait for a table of two. The service was fantastic; our waitress was so friendly and attentive that I immediately felt right at home.
My friend and I both got savory crepes - I got the Gruyere and Herbs, and my friend got the Mushroom, Spinach, Onion, Peppers, and Goat Cheese, but substituted brie for the goat cheese. Both crepes were so tasty, and the portions were enormous!
The crepes came with a choice of fruit or green salad as the side, and both my friend and I got the green salad. The salad came with a delicious vinaigrette and was a great fresh element on the plate to help cut the richness of the crepe. We also ordered a side of Lyonnaise Potatoes, which were so creamy that they melted in your mouth.
Definitely check out Toast - excellent service, incredible food, and great prices!Toast. Simple right? It's essentially hot bread with melty butter on it. 
The restaurant Toast. Simply delicious but the flavor profiles are complicated and divine - don't let the name fool you. 
The decor is charming and much more stylized than its sister restaurant Tartine (which, at its most basic, is French for bread and butter - I sense a theme here...) and suits its Laurel street location. Our waitress was lovely and super attentive, granted we sat at the counter/coffee bar so she was always close at hand. 
Now for the important stuff, the food. The boyfriend was starving so we went a little overboard with ordering. Coffee for both of us; it was French Truck, and delicious, as well as consistently being refilled (oh thank you lovely server!). We had the cinnamon roll: tasty, would have rather it had cream cheese icing than the simple white icing, but overall very solid. The toast with the salmon on it: delicious, a lot of food considering it was one thick slice of bread (perhaps the egg was unnecessary). We also ordered two crepes, I know, we're crazy! 
These crepes were awesome! The boyfriend got the mushroom crepe and added egg. It was divine and reminded me of French Onion soup in a crepe! Keep in mind the egg added was not scrambled, which I expected for some reason, and since I don't particularly love runny yolks, I was glad I chose not to add egg to mine. 
I got the prosciutto brie crepe. OH. MY. GOD. Best thing I have put in my mouth for breakfast in a long time. It was rich, heavenly, and super filling! We both took half a crepe home and easily could have split one. Given how much food we ordered I thought the bill would be insane but it was under $40.00 for what should've fed a family of four (aka: a great deal!). 
Just in case we hadn't eaten enough, the waitress packed us up a free blueberry muffin and coconut cream cake to go since it was the end of business hours. I'll shamefully admit, that it only took 30 minutes back in our house before I opened up those to-go boxes. 
I'm going to stop writing now because I'm too hungry to go on!This place was AWESOME!  Food was spot on and staff was super friendly.  There was a bit of a wait both times we visited, but the turn over was fairly fast.Great bread!  Had a special of eggs Benedict with fried oysters.  Very good and at $14 a real value.  Choice of salad or fresh fruit as a side.  No potatoes available.  My wife enjoyed her veggie omelet, made with egg whites.  Acceptable but not outstanding coffee with frequent refills. Overall good and friendly service.Probably my favorite breakfast place in New Orleans - of course breakfast can only be taken so far thus the 4/5. Prices are nicely moderate food is very tasty. Had the toast with cured salmon and eggs and cream cheese, and a Scandinavian dough dessert with Nutella.In town from Chicago for a bachelorette party. We were recommended this place and the food looked amazing on line. So we decided to check it out. Super cute spot, nice people, would recommend going on their wait list thru yelp as there was a wait prior to arriving. We ordered bloody Mary's and mimosas both were delicious and at a great price! We ordered the smoked salmon toast, banana and Nutella crepe, omelet and much more and everything looked and tasted delicious!!! I did have a slight issue with my order and they were very nice and accommodating and removed it from my bill! Would absolutely recommend.Ah, Toast. I love everything about you.
Your abelskivers (basically like little pancake balls with powdered sugar) are the stuff dreams are made of. I paired mine with the lemon curd dipping sauce (as well as with some of the raspberry sauce that was out on each table), and my taste buds seriously died and went to heaven.
Your bacon is perfectly thick with just the right amount of smokiness. Ahhhhhh, so good.
You have adorable free beer koozies (at least, I hope they are free... 'cause we definitely all took ours home).
Your waitstaff is prompt, friendly, and willing to make customization (every person at our table customized their order in some way and yet - miracle of miracles! - everything came out precisely as ordered!)
You have a menu that makes people want to come back day... after day... after day - just to try it all. Of the group I was with, every person raved about their meal. As in, folks were literally just one step away from writing poems about the delightfulness of their meals. I heard from my dining buddies that the Tuesday taco special was out-of-this world and that the dessert crepes were life-changing. There was a point at which the amount of raving that was happening about this place by our group (after our meal) was getting to be a little excessive... but I could not disagree with anything being said.
Toast, you have won my heart. I eagerly await the day that you and I are reunited once again.I had the flank steak with eggs and potatoes. The steak was seasoned perfectly and so were the potatoes. From Louisiana myself I usually have to add the seasoning but not this. Wonderful!  Very nice waitress and island like ambiance. Loved it!We were in town looking for a breakfast place outside of the French Quarter and found Toast on Yelp.  The food was wonderful and I would go back again if ever in that part of town.  The bread is fresh baked! Only problems we had were getting there (lots of road construction) and the long wait -- I know, that shows how popular it is, but the hour wait was longer than anticipated.Great food with a nice selection of both sweet and savory offerings. Excellent service and friendly staff.So good. Stop reading this and go. Get something with their homemade chocolate sauce and then get the hangar steak. The staff is amazing and Jenna is the best. Oh my god. So, so good.Friendly and delicious!!!  I came in on my way to the airport due to a recommendation from a friend.  It was well worth it!I walked up to the door about 15 minutes before close and an employee ran to the door and slammed the "CLOSED" sign around. Then the employees all started shouting, pointing and laughing. What a terrible experience for a woman, traveling alone in a new city. They should be ashamed. What an embarrassment to the otherwise great city of New Orleans.
I have read your response and I can assure you the time on my iPhone was correct. I stand by my review.What a great little place! We got the bacon, onions, and cheese crepe, hangar steak, and shared the kids sized pancake balls (with a strange name I can't remember) with caramel sauce. We absolutely LOVED it all! We will definitely be back!!My daughter recommend this place she is a freshman at Tulane visiting families come here often. We started with the crepes 1 savory and 1 sweet and 2 orders of toast prosciutto with ricotta cheese and smoked salmon toast and don't forget the free scone if you check in this was more than enough food to feed all 3 of us. Everything we ordered was fresh and tasty. The wait staff was very friendly and attentiveIncredible. This was the best breakfast I have ever had. I'm from Utah, and this was our last day in New Orleans, and it was definitely one of the highlights. The chicken and waffles made me wanna die in the best way ever. Also, that avacado toast and the pancake balls were next level. 100% yes. Don't miss out on the best b-fast you've never had.Excellent food and service. I got the waffle BLT. It's not on the menu anymore, but you can still ask for it. Prepare to get a little messy. ONLY suggestion I have, is crank up the AC for us California visitors lol. Everything was delicious. Other plates on my table were the Hanger Steak, avocado toast w/egg, and a ham omelette. All were great!Nice and open with really fast service and the french toast was so good. Can't wait till we go again.Visiting from NY, stopped here on our way to Houston! This was recommended by a friend of a friend. I had the bacon onion crepe and my friend had Brie crepe. Both came with a fruit salad or green salad. The food was absolutely delicious and our waitress was very pleasant!Great breakfast spot...we tried it early in the trip and had to stop once again before we left...the food is amazing!!!Although service was a little bit slow, I was fine with it since it was a lazy Monday morning.  
I had the hangar steak, which was delicious.  The tarragon drizzle was delicious.  The potatoes with caramelized onions were to die for.
My date had the waffle with ham, eggs, and pimento cheese.  It was also delicious.
Prices are reasonable with the breakfast entrees coming in around $12.
Highly recommend.Tasty breakfast our first morning in town. He had an omelette with toast and a homemade strawberry marmalade and I had ham, onion and cheese sauce in a crepe. Both were served with fresh fruit. The portions were so huge neither of us made it through our meal. This restaurant is a neighborhood place away from all the hubbub of the Quarter. It got us geared up and ready to go for our first full day of touring. We'd definitely return.They have no parking, so you end up leaving your car on the road in a sketchy neighborhood.  The seating is horribly uncomfortable. Tiny, Crappy cheap metal chair and the tables are nasty sticky. You don't want to touch them.  The menu is not the same at this restaurant as it is at their other location, their better items they don't have here.
We walked in, got sticky crap all over us to find out they didn't even serve what we drove over for. Walked right back out. We won't ever be back.
Wasted our time.Cool hipster-ish dive. We went during the week so there wasn't a wait, but we were told it can get crazy during the weekends. The food had some unique flavors, but very tasty. The servers were really friendly and laid back.Place is in a small neighborhood and looks super unassuming from the outside, but man is it worth it for breakfast! They live up to their name, their roasts are thick and perfectly toasted. We had the prosciutto and whipped ricotta with honey and it was phenomenal! The abelskivers are totally worth it, make sure you have at least one order for the table! This place had really neat decor, an awesome mishmash of stuff. Overall a great breakfast gem!Found this place from fellow Yelpers and was not disappointed. I absolutely love tiny breakfast places. Luckily we went on a Friday so it wasn't too crowded. We sat at the bar and the service as wonderful. They filled our coffee and water without me even knowing I needed more! I got the vegetable omelet and it was amazing. Their homemade preserves are also really great. I'd definitely go back!Another great breakfast option if you're in the neighborhood! Warning though, the wait can be long if you come on a Sunday morning (like anywhere else). We waited about an hour before we got seated. The restaurant is on the smaller side but they have outside seatings too if your doggie pals want to come enjoy breakfast too. 
I had the crepe with prosciutto and brie which came with a cup of fruit. The crepe was good and pretty meaty too. I also had the maple syrup abelskivers. That was my favorite dish of all! They reminded me of pancakes except rolled up in a ball. There are several different kinds of abelskivers so when I have a chance to come back, I definitely want to try more. 
The iced latte was a great complement to the meal plus refreshing on a hot day. The price is about similar to other brunch places. Come check out this place if you're in the area!Delicious!! Small place so be prepared to wait most
Days but totally worth it! The pancake balls with lemon curd are something everyone should try once in their lives!Love this spot! My new go-to, favorite, breakfast joint in New Orleans! Our waitress Nancy was sweet as can be and made sure we wanted for nothing! Food is EXCELLENT and I can't wait to come back and try something different! Well priced, very cute spot, good vibes! Come early on the weekends (before 9am) or there will be at minimum an home wait (per our waitress). Cheers TOAST!!Love this place!  This is not your generic breakfast shop.  While TOAST has many of your usual breakfast  items (eggs, bacon, sausage, grits, biscuits), nothing is "usual" about the taste and quality.  Every item has a distinctive, great taste.  
Where else would you find the Danish delights, Aebelskivers with lemon curd (or other optional sides)?
The setting in an old store near the Fairgrounds is perfect for this comfortable breakfast/lunch spot.Affordable, adorable, and delicious! Everything is homemade (my mom is a private food investigator who interrogates every waiter or waitress) muffins, scones, down to the lemon curd.
Always get the Aebleskivers, ALWAYS. My friend and I usually get them and then split an Entree. I typically always get the Croque Madame, and it never disappoints. Then to extend the greatness that is this meal, make sure you get a scone or a muffin to go for later!Best breakfast place we've been to in a long time! We tried the Sausage biscuit and gravy and the Hanger Steak. We also got the puffy pancakes. 
If you're in the area, definitely check it out.My favorite neighborhood breakfast spot! Grits are a hard thing to do right and they have them on point. All of their breads and pastries are fresh baked and super delicious. I literally haven't tried anything that I haven't liked. Not to mention, THEY HAVE WONDERFUL SERVICE! 10/10We got here on a Sunday morning right at 8am. They had Abita strawberry on tap which made my husband happy. Coffee was good and they also have iced available. I loved the toast - multigrain, thick cut, perfectly grilled. We also started with the abelskivers and really enjoyed the homemade lemon curd with it. The bacon had the perfect combination of sweet and smoky. There were so many other things we would love to try. Guess we'll have to come back one day!The food is amazing! The lemon Curd pancake balls! Definitely worth a try! The portion sizes are very generous so splitting would be a better option if you are not up for a huge meal! The mimosas are great, and the service was quick and very kind!We decided to give Toast a try for our recent Valentine visit to Nola for their brunch menu. The food was excellent and the service was super friendly and welcoming. The brie crepe was excellent and the croque madame was delicious. Before the meal was served, we decided to sample the scones of the day and they did not disappoint. Another pleasant surprise of this establishment was the coffee that they serve. They pour French Truck Coffee and without a doubt it was one of the best cups of mojo served to us on our trip. 
This is a must try restaurant if you find yourself on this side of town.Had the BLT with a sunny side egg and potatoes...very good.  Easy going servers, delicious, not a long wait to sit or get food.Food amazing! My husband and I are always on the look out for new breakfast places. This is one of our new spots! The only downside is the wait. It is a very small spot but let me tell you- it is worth the wait! The food is pretty amazing!
Love the stake and eggs and you have to try the aebleskivers with nutella - and an almond milk latte!!Get one of their savory crepes if you can! Massive portions and good service as well. There was a bit of a wait when we came on a Sunday morning (20 minutes for a table of 2) but it was worth it.
We got the Mushroom, Spinach, Onion, Peppers, and Goat Cheese crepe (but substituted goat cheese for brie) and the Gruyere & Herb crepe. Both were delicious in their own way. They came with a side of fruit or salad - the salad comes with a great vinaigrette! The Lyonnaise Potatoes were also very tasty.I'm giving two stars because my husband did enjoy his food but if it were up to me, it would only be one star.
My husband and I were at a local book store for a book signing and decided to try this place before heading back to our hotel for my husbands conference. We thought we would have breakfast here and then walk around and explore the area. We were mistaken. 
My husband decided to go with the biscuits and eggs and I went with french toast. We waited for our meal for an entire hour. When our food was brought out, my husband's meal looked fantastic while my french toast was both burnt and soggy in the middle. Obviously, they were just trying to make it quickly. There is no way anyone who eats or enjoys french toast, eats it like that or could possibly remotely believe that french toast is made like that. Last time I had french toast like that, the cook told us she didn't even like or eat french toast. (I didn't complain that time cause she was family and offered to cook but now I assume that when french toast is made wrong, it's because the cook doesn't like or eat it themselves.) BUT I paid for THIS meal, the french toast was terrible and inedible, so I sent it back and asked for a ham and cheese omelet instead. I thought I saw someone else's being delicious looking. After my husband was just about done with his meal, I received my omelet. Still soggy (and not even heated all the way through), pieces of ham still cold, and unmelted cheese. Well, I guess I didn't really need to eat that morning anyway. It also wasted the rest of our morning as afterward we had to go straight back to our hotel. All I think was that I should have ordered those pancake ball things...My husband had chicken and waffles and said spice level was perfect combination with sweet I had veggie crepe and it was yummy!Amazing breakfast food it's a lil wait but there's a bar next door with 5 dollar mimosasCan this place get an AMEN from the food gods!? I found this place by accident the first time and today, went back there again because I was looking around YELP and realized when I was parking in the ridiculously adorably minuscule parking lot around the corner that I had already been there once before. I ordered the steak breakfast, I'm sorry I don't know the exact name but it was medium rare steak, with a tartar green sauce, sliced red potatoes, and two sunny side up eggs. It was delicious, bloody enough meat, just right runny eggs, and yummy soft red potato slices. I even took a picture and was about to instagram it while my best friend looked at me in sheer disbelief on how IN LOVE I was with my breakfast plate.
Ironically, what caught my attention about this place was that they served crepes. Sadly because I'm always distracted by the meat murder plate, I haven't had a chance to try any of them. ONE DAY! when I'm back in New Orleans, I'll finally try out the crepes on the menu. The staff is sweet and friendly, the dining room is a little cramped but that's what tiny hole in the walls are and I wouldn't have it any other way. The parking is tight but so far I haven't had any issues ever finding a space. People are always coming and going and it's not too far off from a walk to Magazine street to help the digestive process begin. TOAST, I WILL BE BACK.Toast: superb
Salad: delicious
Omelette: meh, it does come with a slice of toast which is not listed on the menu 
Crepes: PHENOMENAL
pancake balls: good for sharing, they use real maple syrup 
Monte Cristó: so good 
FYI: No A/C and wait can be long on the weekend. Best for parties of 3 or less. Overall: cute place, delicious food, and great price!Love this neighborhood place.  Very cool.  The menu is unique to New Orleans with many choices you'll not find anywhere else.  Tried a crepe.  Not the most exciting choice but I didn't want a fat or sugar bomb when I visited that day.  Tried the prosciutto and brie.  It was very tasty.  They make excellent crepes.  I chose a side of fruit.  This is a really light breakfast and I think I would have ordered a side of potatoes if I had known.  The value is there, don't get me wrong.  I was just a bit hungrier than my order.  They serve really good coffee and the service is excellent.  I'll be back for sure to try more.Was planning for a Satsuma breakfast,  it they were closed for the holidays, so Toast it is. 
Don't bother looking for a hostess, they use a sign-in sheet and we showed up around 11am and it was a 40 min wait. 
Food was good and my omelet of cheese, spinach and bacon was very goo
I recommend this placeDirty and repulsive. Rusted and sticky outdoor tables, brown catsup, ant swarms. I'm stunned at the reviews. The food might be good but I'm not risky enough to find out.Some great food comes from this tiny place! We came on a Sunday for brunch and only waited about twenty minutes. The toasts, croque Madame, and ableskivers are delish. Great coffee and great service.I was very sad when the bakery closed at this location, but I was able to try Toast recently on weekday and had their eggs and avocado on toast and it was delicious. Add a lovely cup of green tea and breakfast outside on a rainy morning. Relaxation. I hear it's packed on weekends which I don't really have patience for. 
The service was great, even though I was only 1 of 2 braving the damp. The interior is pretty much the same as it was for Laurel Street Bakery. It has better signage than Tartine. Price point was very good for quality.
There is a small parking lot but don't attempt if you have a larger/longer vehicle as it's tiny/narrow.Tasty and well-priced.  Not too crowded usually.
Try the aebleskivers.I went in here on Easter Sunday. The food was incredible. Scrambled eggs done perfectly which is sort of unusual in a casual breakfast restaurant. Bacon was great also and so were the biscuits. 
And I couldn't have left without getting some French TOAST. The French Toast I make at home is my favorite but this was a damn close second.I had been here once before and had a less than stellar experience. I was talked into a repeat visit and I learned to trust my instincts and not be talked into things by other people. We walked in, saw one available two-top in the corner but was told in a voice used for reprimanding puppies that it was "not available at the moment but you can sit at the bar. " So unhappily we did. I ordered a spinach mushroom crêpe only to be served a cold, floppy, triangular shaped piece of sweet dough with no cheese, two slices of mushroom and something pink that I haven't yet identified. I finally got  someone's attention and said that I did not want this thing. And yet surprisingly, at the end of my friend's meal, the crappy crepe was on the check. When I refused to pay for the uneaten, unidentifiable food substance, the manager was summoned and I explained what was wrong with the food. She finally agreed to take it off the bill. Awful food, unfriendly staff. Oh, and someone eventually got that table in the corner.So yummy. We sat outside on a gorgeous morning. I had the lemon curd abelskivers and cheese toast. Both were delicious. So happy to have an adorable breakfast spot open in the neighborhood.Really close to the Children's Hospital so this was a nice break for our family to get a great meal.  You can sit outside, inside tables or bar. My daughter loved the French toast (I ate the blueberries that came on top) and she ate my bacon. Everything was fresh tasting. The coffee was mellow. Prices were around 5-8$, they have a kids menu that is lower. The omelette was my husbands favorite and he is picky about his eggs being cooked well but not overdone. I had the toast with avocado and egg-very good. We would go back again.A little disappointed in the aebelskivers. Were  no comparison to the taste or quality of the ones at the Gambit Food Revue 2015. Were  not piping hot. Room temperature at most. Some were so doughy I suspect they weren't fully cooked. Disappointed definitely!The drive across NOLA to get to Toast was well worth the gas. My roommate and I were heading back to Texas and decided to stop by for a quick bite to eat. The place is very, very small so be prepared for a wait whenever you go (it's worth it - don't worry). 
I got an iced latte to start, which was pretty standard. I'm not usually much of a breakfast eater so my next move was a bad one for me - I got one of their toast options as well as a savory crepe. The avocado & egg toast was great, and pretty much exactly what you'd expect. Fresh avocado, massive egg, and the toast was a nice balance of soft and crunchy. For my crepe option I picked the prosciutto and brie. Now I LOVE both prosciutto and brie, but my goodness it was an overload. They definitely don't skip out on the ingredients. 
The service was good and the place had a great NOLA feel. I definitely recommend making Toast a part of your next trip.Wonderful breakfast spot with perfect, golden yellow fluffy omelettes, folded over just right.  The fact that the omelette had no crispy, burned edges is worth that elusive 5th yelp star for me. I opted for the biscuits with 2 sunny side up eggs( again perfectly executed, I've never seen yolks so perfectly positioned) and a morney sauce.  They were happy to sub the sausage that came with the dish for spinach for me. The place is tiny but that's what adds to the charm-it reminded me of a french cafe and had great outdoor seating. Can't wait to return so I can try the crepes or aebleskivers.Was here a couple weeks ago on vacation with my lovely girlfriend & this place was a total hit! Service was extra on point & the food was amazing! Definitely coming back next time we are in town.I used to go here once a week & looked forward to going every time. The food was always fabulous, and the staff was super friendly. I loved it every time I went until one day when I went on a busy Saturday morning. My scrambled eggs were runny & not fully cooked. My bacon was not cooked fully. People who were on the list after me were seated before me. It was a HORRIBLE experience. I haven't gone back since. What used to be a romantic breakfast spot for my boyfriend and me was completely ruined by sloppiness & carelessness.Ate here on the first day. Was expecting some first day hiccups, but everything went very smooth. A much need asset to the neighborhood. Welcome!Loved this place! Atmosphere great, kind of small, had to wait outdoors. Food was awesome! Catfish and grits way exceeded expectations! Great service and very nice staff!!!Just tried for the first time and very satisfied , couldn't even finish my breakfast/brunch !! Had Bacon, spinach , Gruyere  Omelette that came with side of fruit and nice thick slice of  toast ' ,, food was fresh and pleasing to the eye . Can't miss place with great number of selections , 4stars atleast for the price !!!Cute little place a little out of town. Very reasonable prices. The crepes were amazing! Also enjoyed the waffle with strawberry jam and an hibiscus mimosa- yummy!High quality food indeed if you can stand the wait on a weekend. 
Great ratatouille!!I just saw the Mystery Diner episode and was disappointed in the owner and Charles Stiles both.   Letting an employee go (Dee-Dee I think) for trying to please a customer who was demanding something off menu was as poor character.   Seems the owner is a bully and Charles Stiles will throw anybody under the bus for ratingsI ordered chicken and waffles and I must say the chicken was fried good but no season? I added the cayenne butter and it did not help... the waffles were ok the cayenne butter added a hint of spice but something was missing... these are great dishes but it needs to be doctored some. My sisters plate was pretty good and overloaded with eggs!  Tourists will think its delicious!Phenomenal food. Explosion of flavors in your sensory cortex!!! Order whatever Lydia  (the waitress) tells you to order =)... you won't go wrong!!! Service is heart felt. Can't go wrong.We almost didn't eat here because of the long lineup out the door! We went for a walk around the block and were back with perfect timing to come right in after our name was called.  I had the toast with avocado and a sunny egg, simple but so well done and so satisfying! My dining partner had the omelette of the day and loved every bite, we also shared some of the puffed pancakes 'pannekoeken' with caramel and they were a delicious treat!  The atmosphere is warm and light and it is a lovely spot to eat, but just a little crowded due to their obvious popularity.  The prices are very reasonable and the coffee was great! I hope I have another meal here the next time I come through New Orleans!Excellent, fast service on this humid NOLA morning. Great cup of coffee, family friendly with lots of neighborhood folks. The menu is delicious, it was hard to decide so I picked a signature dish, Aebleskivers, a Dutch treat that the Nordic's cooked in their shields. Add bacon for a sweet and savory meal.I don't usually critique restaurants, but I feel this one has changed so dramatically that I must say something.  My family comes to town frequently and we always have brunch at Toast uptown. In the past few weekends we have found the service poor, the bill incorrect and the employees not as pleasant as before. They gave no apologies. If this is the new "norm", we will have to find another restaurant to spend our hard-earned money. I don't know if there is new mgmt, but if that is the case, please take this as a much-needed recommendation for change. Sorry to have to have written this.Great breakfast shop-lots of locals. Omelettes, crepes, biscuits... would certainly go back.Delicious! Excellent breakfast/brunch food. Very quaint setting!! The staff is personal and sweet! It's my weekly breakfast stop!Went in for Sunday breakfast. It's a really cool spot with excellent mimosas! I had a crepe, my husband had the chicken and waffles. Everything was delicious, the service was great. Go here!Great food and service. .recommendations. .bloody Mary.  ..salmon eggs and toast ..Cheyenne Butter ..chicken and waffles ..ok ok.. try it all because I am going back soonThis was my favorite place we ate in New Orleans!! Everything was delicious (we had the ham and cheddar omelette and the breakfast biscuit sandwich) but you also HAVE to get the Aebleskivers! So delicious. We got it with their house made strawberry jam which was also incredible!We stopped here just before our 11 hour drive home... and I raved about it the whole way.  The prosciutto and honey toast was excellent and the staff was super friendly.I got the monte cristo which was absolutely on point. Not a bite stayed on my plate. We sat at the bar and the guy managing the bar was friendly and quite sociable. Me being a bit of an introvert I'm not so much on interacting with my waiters/waitresses, but he made it easy. The wifey got the sausage and egg on a biscuit with gravy and grits. The grits was pretty bombastic, but the biscuits were the highlight of the meal for sure. Everything was great. I will say the fruit bowl was a little less than good, but the service and chef more than made up for the meh fruit bowl.Great spot for breakfast/brunch! I got the toast with ratatouille, ricotta, and sunny side egg. So well flavored and the ricotta gave such a great added flavor/texture to the meal. Definitely would recommend. I love ratatouille and this was a great way to serve it. It was also very reasonably priced. Would defiantly come back. There were many things on the menu that looked great and I would love to try.The food was great, flat iron steak with eggs was unbelievable. If its not a nice day to sit outside seating will be very limited. Our wait time was an hour andc15 minutes... Enough said. Go to this place, but not on the weekend, enjoyFirst off this place is amazing. It's pure NOLA. It's in and old house. The staff is amazing and I felt right at home. Coffee asap at the bar. Got the basic breakfast. Eggs over easy, awesome bacon, grits with guyere cheese, cheddar biscuit. Eggs were cooked spot on and you could tell they we're fresh. Grits we're smokey and the cheese made them amazing. Really proper bacon also. I'm going again tomorrowWent Saturday morning at 9 meeting a group of 9 adults & 2 infants (1 needing a high chair 1 not). Place is very small for even that group (I had called days before & was told a group of 15 had been instantly seated the week before). The service was outstanding (except the fact that my 80 year old aunts arrived 1st & were quickly told they couldn't wait just inside (it was a freezing morning) & asked to take a walk around the block or something. They ended up taking the 1st table to come open which squeezed in 5. Tables downstairs can't be moved & no table seats more than 4-5. Upstairs has a couple tables that can be moved to make for slightly bigger parties. We ended up with half our group downstairs & the other half upstairs (totally defeated the purpose since some of us haven't seen each other in a year or 2). 
The table downstairs all got classic breakfast. Upstairs, we all got crapes (half sweet, half savory). Everyone really enjoyed their food. And again, the service (outside of that one comment) was great. Only other downside was every once in a while we would get a smell of fish (not in a good way) that would last a bit. There is a smoked fish dish but considering the fact that it is smoked, the fish smell was an even bigger turn off than expected. 
I would try them again but only with a party no bigger than 4. If the fish smell happened again, then I would likely not return.We ate there and the food prices and quality were excellent. Will definitely be returning, service was a bit mismashed but they had just opened up and are working out the kinks. Highly recommendedOh Toast 
Oh Toast
How do I Love thee 
I love thee to the depth and bread and abelskivers My soul can reach, 
when feeling out of coffee For the ends of being and ideal grace. 
I love thee to the level of every day's Muffins and Scones,
by sun and counter space.
 I love thee freely, as all strive for right. 
I love thee purely, as we order French toast.
As modified by Billy Shakespeare, I love me some toast, all toast really but especially this toast.  Just look at the photos, imagine the tastes and get there as soon as possible.  Recommended to the Moon and back......Amazing food and outstanding service!   Chicken and waffles were great!  Croque madame was insane!   I would highly recommend Toast.  Parking is tough but it is worth the hassle.SUCH a cute brunch place! Portions were great and filling without feeling gross afterwards! Must try the pancake balls with NutellaThis is now become one of our favorite places! The food was perfectly amazing and the atmosphere was fun. We shared the ableskivers, which was perfectly prepared & paired with lemon curd. I have made these many times and had never thought about serving it with lemon curd, I will be confiscating that one. I also had the salmon & cream cheese on toast.  I had over easy eggs instead of scrambled and it was one of the best things I've eaten down here. My husband had the quiche of the day which was caramelized onion,  goat cheese, & mushroom and it was very good. He also had the prosciutto with ricotta on toast and it was also very good. We will be back next time we are in town! This place is a keeper & I don't find many five star restaurants in our outings.I stopped into this newer location in Gentilly. Simply put, the food was outstanding (Taco Tuesday Breakfast Tacos!!), the coffee was good, the staff was super friendly and the service was quick. Everything I want from a breakfast spot! Not one thing coming out of the kitchen looked less than awesome. I'm looking forward to a return trip soon.Toast is officially one of my two favorite restaurant spots in New Orleans!
Here was my wife and I's order:
Seven Aebleskivers - You can either order 3 for ~$5 or 7 for $8.50. The various favors are dipping sauces. Highly recommend getting the lemon curd. We also ordered maple syrup, which didn't pair as well. Each additional dipping sauce is $0.75. The Aebleskivers have a soft inside sprinked with powdered sugar on the outside. 
Monte Cristo french toast with Salad - Definitely recommend ordering this. The french toast combined with the ham & cheese make for a solid sweet/salty taste. Side salad was a spring mix with some type of avocado dressing. 
Savory Crepe (Spinach, Mushroom, Goat Cheese, Onion, Pepper + egg) with Salad - The main flavor comes from the vegetables rather than the creamy goat cheese sauce. I added an egg for additional depth, which was a good decision. 
We sat outside and enjoyed the relaxing Uptown environment. Looking forward to coming back here again!A table outside on a summer day in June might not be the best spot to pick in Louisiana but the scenery is nice. The restaurant is small in the inside so so large parties of like 7 or more. The food is tasty. The grits are a must. French toast wasn't all that in a bag of chips but it wasn't bad. Eggs are cooked to order. Bacon is actually really meaty and good. The cheddar biscuit could be better, it's not to die for. Complementary water so that always good. It's a good place if you want to go with a few friends and eat brunch or something.I have never had chicken and waffles, Wow there is nothing like "Toast"!
Everything is beautiful and delicious. Cute neighborhood excellent staff. I will be back!!!Toast was amazing! We went on Sunday around noon and the wait time was about 15 minutes. The food was outstanding, and this will be a regular brunch spot for me.I'll add myself to the chorus that loved Toast. We ordered the abelskievers with lemon curd (delicious, the strawberry purree that came with my Monte Cristo was also delicious for dipping them) Monte Cristo and my husband had the Croque Madame. He said it was the best he'd had in town. The egg was perfectly fried. 
All in all a delicious meal. Very highly recommended. If there's a line, try the counter. We didn't have to wait since we didn't mind sitting at the counter.I was here the other day.  Things have changed.  This used to be the most cozy, comfortable, happy place to have breakfast and chat with friends old and new.  Today staff was so uptight.  The new manager was nasty and the new table arrangements are awful!!Food was excellent. Did not care of the grits because they are cooked with milk. My "server" was not good and her attitude sucked. Her co worker picked up her slack thus she the co worker earned the tip. Do not argue with your customer if they say they do not like an item! Over all great spot.This is a new NOLA gem. Bloody Mary's were spot on. We had the Classic breakfast and the Ratatouille Omelette. What a great meal!! And don't leave without indulging in the Aebelskivers.This place never fails to disappoint. Their cheddar biscuits are on point, the coffee is a great roast and really hits the spot, and the servers are excellent and efficient. The menu items are great, but the specials are where it's at - especially when they do their in house crawfish etoufee over grits. 
In our regular weekend breakfast rotation, it's definitely one of the better breakfast joints in town.One of my favorite breakfast spots in New Orleans.  They just opened a second location near the fairgrounds in the gentilly area.  Both locations are pretty small so be prepared for a wait on saturday and sunday during peak brunching hours.  The food is amazing and prices extremely reasonable.  The restaurant is named Toast for a reason, because their bread is delicious!  You will want a slice to eat with butter and their homemade jam for sure!The king is dead, long live the king. I am nothing if not loyal to the places in town that I feel have a certain New Orleans-ness about them. Surrey's was the place for me for breakfast for a very long time. Open early, good selection, good service, but I have found a place with all of these and a more in Toast. 
My wife had walked over here on day and had a coffee and urged me to try it out. So we did on a recent Saturday, and then again on Sunday. Yes people, it's that good. They don't hit you over the head with a huge menu, or overpriced juice but everything we had that day was excellent. 
So where do I start. Croque Madame, uh, fantastic. Hanger steak, hmmm, gangster. Slice of warm king cake for $2, oh hell yes. Coffee from French truck, yes please. Sunday? How about a chicken Florentine crepe and biscuits and gravy! On a cheddar biscuit?!?!? 
My goodness, my only trepidation is that by broadcasting this review I will make it too popular, and then will not be able to get my fix! It's true this is a tiny place folks, probably 35 people max. So get there early, and save me a seat!Please make sure you're off for the day if you decide to come have breakfast here. I am actually waiting for my food as I'm writing this review, the table behind me came about 5 minutes after me and they received their food. My wife in front of me is the only reason I'm being civilized about the over-an-hour waiting period for a toast and three tables around me. The table I picked when I first walked in had a half of an egg under it on the floor, the trip was not worth it, oily food.. I definitely will not come back. By the way, I never write reviews, this was definitely worth my time writing my first one ever.This little brunch spot is amazing. The food is great and they always have interesting specials. Today was an alligator eggs Benedicte that was delicious. The portion sizes are excellent for the price and filling. The only down side is that the place is really small so sometimes the wait can be long, including for the bar.If you are in New Orleans, this place is a must!!! Our table ordered the Chicken and Waffles, Fried Catfish and Grits, with some Aebelskivers (pancake balls) and steak and potatoes. When I tell you everything was amazing, just doesn't cut it. Everything was simply orgasmic. Delicious. The cayenne butter that comes with the chicken and waffles give the dish an extra kick and those aebelskivers... y'all gotta check this place out!!!Great food. Very uncomfortable when weather is cold as help opens door every 2-3 minutes letting in cold air.This is a sweet place to stop in for brunch! When I'm especially hungry, I order the fried chicken and waffles. The cayenne butter for their waffles is to.die.for! I've also ordered their toast with cream cheese, smoked fish, & scrambled eggs. I know it sounds like a weird combination but, it wouldn't be on the menu if it wasn't good. HA! The space is kinda tight so, during lunch or crowded hours, you might want to sit at the bar vs. waiting for a table. 
Also, random note: if you ordered smoked fish (like I did), just know that because the kitchen is open to the dining area, it may smell a little fishy while they're cooking.We wandered over yesterday morning and were able to sit at the bar right away. I had the chicken and waffles and the hubs had a stuffed waffle. Both were delicious! The cajun butter and syrup went perfect with the crispy chicken and waffle. Bloody Mary's and coffee were the perfect start to our morning, and we got more drinks to go to walk around and explore. My favorite meal so far in NOLA!Stayed on Magazine street on a recent trip and had big plans to get up and go to brunch somewhere - didn't happen and we just stumbled upon it while we were looking for a breakfast place nearby.  I am SO glad we did - It was literally my favorite meal of the entire (food driven) trip.  Everything about this place was absolutely amazing - the staff was so down to earth and sweet and they genuinely are excited about their menu.  Its small and kind of off the main street. You could tell a lot of the locals were eating there.  We walked right in and sat down at the bar.   Good timing, as when we left there was a small wait but not too bad.
Down to the good stuff though - its BYOB so we brought a bottle of champagne and they happily gave us set up for that.   Coffee was great - and I am a bit of a coffee snob since I drink it black.  I had the "special" quiche which was a herb, ricotta and goat cheese.  It was the BEST quiche I have ever had.  Came out standing a good 5 inches tall, extremely light and fluffy, not overpowered by a crust but browned perfectly on top.  I ordered a side of ratatouille to put on it / eat with it (our waitress said it was favorite thing on the menu) and it did not disappoint.  It was outstanding.  Also had to order some of the Aebleskivers (puffed pancakes) - I did the kids order with the lemon curd sauce to dip in - I wish I would have gotten the full order and just been more miserable all day from overeating.  They were perfectly puffed and airy, dusted with powdered sugar.   The Lemon curd was thick enough to stick to the pancake and not too gummy or dense.   My husband ordered the hanger steak with tarragon aioli, eggs and potatoes.  He was equally as impressed with his dish (although I did not try that one).   
I sincerely can not say enough about the whole experience there.  I wish we had something similar to that in Dallas!!  I would have my own barstool there, like Norm at Cheers.We decided to spice up our breakfast a little bit, and so Jon picked Toast. 
It's very cute. There is indoor and outdoor seating, with a lovely mural inside. There's also free wi fi - AWESOME. I could totally see myself coming for breakfast and studying on a weekday. I imagine it's quite busy on the weekend.
I got the veggie egg white omlette with ratatouille, spinach, and goat cheese. Jon got the hangar steak. The omlette was delicious, especially the ratatouille inside. I appreciated the green salad on the side. The hangar steak wasnt quite as good. I think it sat for too long and could've used some more spices.
Lost a star for the longish wait to get our food (when there weren't too many people here) and a lack of seasoning on the steak. 
We'll definitely be back to try the crepes.The food is excellent.  Very few gluten free options. Vegan is pretty much our also. Atmosphere is awesome.  Irish coffee and other drinks as well.Very good. I had basic breakfast and coffee and it was a nice active cafe with really good fresh cooked foodSmall and unassuming, and half of our party didn't like the area etc, but I am so happy I didn't get talked out of leaving and going to another chain restaurant where the food is mediocre. TOAST is amazing to the last bite.Just what the neighborhood needed! Coffee is fresh and delicious and the dishes are AMAZING! Love the Crescent City Connection mural on the wall...such a cute little French cafe feel with outside seating!Highly recommended! Great food. Huge portion. Great service. What else can I say? Oh yea, great price/value!Tartine's very own chef Cara Benson has done it again. I had already considered Tartine to be an awesome brunch option...great little baguettes dressed with the best pates and toppings to create these tartines that make me feel like I'm in France! Now, I'll have so much trouble deciding whether I want tartine...or toast!
All around THE BEST BRUNCH I've had. It's more delicate and light compared to your typical loaded and elaborate New Orleans brunch. Toast offers a variety of items for brunch or even a mid-day snack...a simple option is the toast dressed with a variety of things like prosciutto, egg, smoked fish, and more! 
My favorite items: Aebelskivers with jam, Toast with Prosciutto, Ricotta, & Honey, and any of the fluffy omelettes!
The only thing I'm sad about is the seating..it's a tad bit small and may get busy during the weekends, so weekday brunch or early weekends are the best times to go. Enjoy!Great food, friendly staff, biscuits and eggs were yummy!
Kids loved the pancake balls.Amazing! Love the food, service, and atmosphere! Hanger steak and BLT were great. The breakfast potatoes were the best we have evet had.Lots of people trying to get in and it's no wonder why - the food was excellent. We loved everything we had and we wanted to order stuff to take home for the week!Love Toast!!This 30 seat diner is known for their baked goods and delightful aebleskivers (pancake balls). The half hour wait was well worth it! Sometimes the bartop is self-seating allowing you to skip the line.  There's no hostess,  you sign up on the clipboard outside the door. Make sure to check out the daily specials before committing.  You can't go wrong with the hanger steak which is served with a delicious tarragon aioli.I've eaten here three times and it is thoroughly underwhelming. They often seem understaffed because service is slow but friendly enough. My omelet had a few bits of bacon wrapped in a ton of unseasoned egg and my friend couldn't find any of the fillings supposedly in his quiche. I've had similar issues with the crepes having little substance. Our waitress told us the fruit side would be blueberries and strawberries and melon, then came out as 95% cantaloupe with a little grape and pineapple. 
The German pancakes are good, but everything else you're better off making yourself at home.Always love going to a local place.  Food was great, as well as the service.  We sat outside inside it's small and loud.  A must try when I'm New Orleans.This is a great little brunch place. Entrees are a lot of food! The crepes are also sizeable as well. I like that all dishes come with a little salad. What a nice bonus! This is def high up on the brunch spot list.We started off with coffee after a maybe 15 minute wait to be seated. The place is packed so make sure you come early enough. I had the toast with avocado and over medium egg and the Lyonnaise potatoes. My husband had the classic omelette. Everything was delicious and light yet very filling. It takes a bit of time but it's well worth it. Now, if they only served mimosas!This was absolutely one of the best breakfast/brunch meals/experiences I've EVER had! Everything from the food, to the atmosphere, to the service was well above expectations!
I had the steak and egg breakfast and hubby had the chicken and waffles... both were delicious and cooked exceptionally well! We also tried the pomegranate mimosas that were nothing short of AMAZING! Definitely a new go to drink/cocktail for me!
I give this place 5 stars because it deserves it! I definitely will be back soon to try out more menu items and just because this place is so cool!Very small restaurant but worth the wait. They were short staffed today without a hostess, but the staff was so pleasant and welcoming that we still enjoyed the experience. 
Avocado toast was amazing for something that looks so mediocre. 
The BLT is a very large portion by the way?There are numerous amazing brunch options in Nola and Toast has topped my list, thus far! 
Everyone raves about the service and they are all spot on. The wait staff was friendly and enjoyable to converse with. 
The crepes are amazing (I had the bacon, onion, and cheese) and the special of crawfish stuffed beignets was excellent as well!Very good breakfast joint. Small and eclectic, with great food. Today I tried their omelette special ( sun dried tomato, basil, and goat cheese), ingredients are fresh and flavourful.My happy place!! 
This is my absolute favorite brunch spot here in New Orleans. Every single thing in this place is delicious right down to the coffee, the cocktails ...everything!! Avocado toast with a poached egg is a full meal... throw some bacon and grits and you're toast.. you're done! you're going to need a nap!! 
The Aebleskivers are so so yummy.. perfect for kids.. toddlers or teenagers! The caramel and lemon curd are my go to's.  The kids love the syrup and Nutella.
My mom, lil' Filipina food critic, had the catfish plate and wouldn't shut up about it!!
This is where I tell anyone visiting to go eat. I bring everyone here... just another reason for me to eat there! 
I will advise you to get there early.. or be prepared to wait because of the demand and the small space. But in the end... the wait is so worth it.
The entire staff are great people.. super friendly and seem to love working there.What a fun place for breakfast or brunch! My husband and I sat at the counter on a busy Sunday afternoon. The food was fabulous. I had the quiche of the day which was delicious and HUGE and grits with gruyere cheese, fresh fruit. Everything was perfect. Loved this place, I will definitely go here again and will bring my friends and family.While visiting family in NOLA, we had the good fortune to eat at Toast. We shared a plate of 7 aebleskivers with homemade strawberry jam (you can also order 3 for a smaller group), and everyone loved the taste and texture! The coffee was smooth, and full bodied, and others enjoyed their orders of biscuits with eggs & sausage. The staff was friendly and helpful - will def return on our next visit!Nancy was our server and took care of us. Couldn't have picked a better spot. Best breakfast around! My favorite meal during my trip. Delicious breakfast sandwich, tasty waffle, and can't forget the avocado toast, it's a must get. My brother got breakfast sandwich, avocado toast, and smoked salmon toast. Everything was a hit. Perfect way to start the day. Loved it so much. Would definitely go back. 10/10 starsBy far one of my favorite parts of our trip! We had a great server who gave us his recommendations. 
Their waffles are to die for, especially with the cayenne butter! Hubby got the spinach and gruyere omelet and loved it, and we both swooned over the coffee! It's delicious. 
We also tried the smoked salmon toast and while the texture kinda threw me, the hubs really enjoyed it. Definitely recommend this to everyone looking for a cute breakfast spot in NOLA. Get there early!I went a second time (in five days... no shame) for a really early breakfast before one of my last days at work. I'm a teacher, so I can rarely indulge in a calm and delicious breakfast. The food was amazing yet again--I got the toast with lox (labeled differently on the menu, I believe) and was satisfied for the rest of the work day. I am so thrilled to have found this spot!The food was amazing and all 5 stars but the place was older and plumbing wasn't working. Best lemon crepe I have ever had! The steak and eggs and the croque madam were also pretty amazing! Trendy place!Comfortable, friendly, cozy, and most importantly DELICIOUS. Highly recommend the biscuits, sausage, eggs, onions and mornay. Simply perfect.Food was delicious. You could really tell it was high quality. Waitress was very nice and accommodating. Would definitely come backI'll make this short.  I was in NOLA for 7-days and ate at Toast for four of those days.  I got something different each day and everything, including the service, was exceptional.  I honestly don't know if I've liked a restaurant this much, until now.  My personal recommendations/favorites include the Nutella and banana crepes, avocado on toast with egg, ratatouille omelet, alligator benedict, and breakfast tacos, with the latter two being specials.  I cannot wait to come back in October to grub here...daily.This place is always busy! I've never had a bad meal here. I love the aebleskivers! You can get Nutella, caramel, lemon curd and chocolate to dip it into. So delicious!
I recommend the hangar steak. It comes with eggs and potatoes. One of the most tasty dishes I've had! The aioli is yummy too. 
I enjoyed the monte cristo. You can get fruit or a salad as a side with it.Sooo...guys...we gotta talk. On the morning of my Toast visit, I was really just after some coffee. The coffee was fine, but we ordered food too, and I think I ate the best chicken and waffles of my life. They serve beautifully fried chicken thighs (my favorite) with waffles, syrup, and the most amazing cayenne butter. The whole thing was divine. I seriously just ate, and writing this review just made me hungry again. Get you some!My wife and I were spending my birthday in New Orleans and looking for a unique breakfast experience. We searched YELP reviews and agreed "Toast" appeared to be what we were looking for. Since parking in and around our French Quarter hotel is difficult, we decided to use Uber for a ride to the other side of NOLA, and arrived at what our driver stated was a hole-in-the-wall - but he said don't worry, some of our best restaurants are holes in the wall.
As we entered the very small diner, we had a choice of two empty tables or seats at the bar- we opted for the latter. Sitting at the bar gave us an opportunity to talk to the kids running the place, and as a result of that conversation my wife ordered both a sweet and savory crepe, while I went for the well reviewed french toast and side of bacon.
My wife seemed to truly enjoy her crepes - her only negative comment was how large they were and the fact she regretted she could not come close to finishing them. My french toast was prepared with delicious bread coated with egg, cinnamon, and powdered sugar - with their maple syrup and my side of bacon I had a taste in my mouth I can't describe other than heavenly. And the aforementioned bacon, oh that bacon. This had to be some of the best thick tasty bacon I have ever had. If you come here for no other reason, try a side of bacon!
We were there on Taco Tuesday, and I was hoping I would have room for at least 1 bacon. egg, and cheese breakfast taco, but it was not to be - I couldn't even finish the food I ordered. 
I don't want mislead anyone - the food portions are not overly huge - my wife and I are older and can't eat as much as we used to - if we could, we would have ordered that dang taco!One of my favorite brunch spots EVER! Amazing service and even better food.  I had the crab cakes and they were absolutely delicious! Great New Orleans style coffee as well. Definitely recommend!!Despite the small size of the location, the food is well worth the wait.  The creative specials, tasty crepes and great egg dishes make this a solid breakfast or brunch choice.  Try the toast and avocado (served with an over easy egg)The early bird special is a total win! 
Came here on a Sunday, expect a wait but came during the week as well. 
Even with the wait it is well worth it.
Service is good and the food is delicious. 
This location is bigger than the one on Laurel which is awesome and there's a lot of parking around which makes it easier! 
The avocado toast is delicious! Ordering the pancake puffs is mandatory!So I surrender when it comes to a good breakfast spot and this place guys is my newest favorite. So I've never been to the 1st store on Laurel St. but that's all the more so why I'm ecstatic that I don't have to drive all the way uptown for my kind of breakfast. This place is in my hood. So the service staff is friendly, the ambiance is really nice how they utilized every inch of the space for custom benches, tables and seating. So you say what about the food. I'm getting to that . Ah yes The food!   I had the smoked salmon with cream cheese, on fresh baked Texas toast sized sour dough bread, with scrambled eggs.  Yummers is all I can say. Not to mention it had capers on it which was the best surprise because I don't remember seeing it in the menu. Needless to say it was a really great sandwich. I also couldn't resist the aebleskivers especially since I haven't had since my Algiers Point days.  It came with lemon curd filling to dip with. Also good.  Finally the herb and gruyere crepe was sooo tasty I'm getting hungry just writing this. Toast was great definitely recommend. On the weekends the line is really long but they take your number and text you (how about that). Be back at the the end of this week for sureAlways busy but oh so worth the wait. Food is delicious! I haven't had a single item I haven't loved. My favorites are the salmon toast and fried fish special. Delicious!Waiter was very attentive and helpful when making recommendations.  My coffee was always full and we didn't wait long for our food to come out. Great location and outstanding service.  
Food portions were large and the price was affordable.  I will visit this restaurant every time I come home to New Orleans.Delicious place for brunch! The people were friendly, and service was fast. The chicken and waffles were also amazing!Wow. Huge portions. great food. Damn good coffee.Visiting from Kansas City and this was delicious! We had about a 30 minute wait for 6 of us on a Sunday morning. Well. Worth. The. Wait. Yum!I absolutely loved this place. They have wonderful food and service. It was my first breakfast place in NOLA. I usually prefer to switch up restaurants and try different food. But this place had me going back all four days of my stay in NOLA. I tried the Ratatouille omelette and the aebleskiver (pancake balls) with lemon curd sauce. Both tasted amazing! You will not regret eating here!Literally my favorite place in New Orleans! The servers are all incredibly warm and friendly and the the food is so fresh and totally out of this world. I can't rave enough it's absolutely worth the hour wait they have at times. I've also never seen a staff work so well together. This place always sets my day up for success!
Now that said -  Having been to both locations I would say the Gentilly/Fairgrounds toast TRUMPS the Uptown location. The servers at the Uptown location aren't nearly as welcoming (actually the girl I had was a bit rude) and the portions were much much smaller, quality overall lacks a bit, and it's not as clean looking inside. 
Pumped I live by the Gentilly one! I'll continue to come in daily.Got here was our first time here. Got egg white omelet and my daughter got a  breakfast biscuit. The ATMOSPHERE was great and service was great too. I highly recommend this place as wellSomeone has to tell me what kind of sauce this was that was poured over my eggs that were on top of my crawfish cakes. During Jazzfest we found this amazing place. Email me if you know. I have to make this, as we have nothing even close to this in CanadaYum yum yum super good and they served beer with breakfast it's NOLA and we were on vacation so why not?! I got the avocado toast and delicious cheesy grits, hubby got the waffle sandwich with ham tomato and avocado!!Charming spot near Fair Grounds in working class neighborhood where breakfast is celebrated with quality upscale offerings. This restaurant opens early and serves a kind of unbelievable variety of foods, including baked items done fresh there. Lots of discoveries to be made in the menu including a pimento cheese, a ratatouille, creamy grits, and a hanger steak...all done very well. The staff are great too, friendly, helpful, engaging. It's not a coffeehouse, though coffee is not bad, this is a place for a meal, but the ambience lifts it far beyond the average short order breakfast joint. Really special!Brilliant. Brilliant. Brilliant. This place is terrific. We had the sugar and butter crepe with fresh coffee and fruit as well as a basket of fries with aioli. Phenomenal service at the bar that looks into the kitchen. Great energy and menu at this restaurant.
Next time I go I have to try the prosciutto toast!No matter what you get, Toast serves the ultimate hangover breakfast. We had a decent wait for a party of 4 on Sunday morning, but we were able to put our name in and go to the bar that's attached next door for some morning cocktails. Very convenient.
Our meal was awesome and came out quickly. The avocado toast was the perfect size and I almost licked the bowl that my grits were in. Very creamy! And DO NOT SKIP the abelskivers!!! Everyone at our table was fighting over the last few. They're fluffy pancake/waffle type bites. The Nutella dipping sauce was awesome but I would definitely try the lemon curd next time. If you dip them in maple syrup I bet they'll taste more like pancakes. 
They had a nice beverage list and the iced coffee was great. And you get to keep the koozie if you order a canned beer :) big stars for Toast!I've been to this location several times now. The meals have been consistently good and the service was excellent.Great service, excellent food, where the locals eat. Best coffee around. Toast as you would imagine is thick and deliciousGreat to have a breakfast spot of this caliber in this part of town. I had the bacon, spinach, and gruyere omelette with a side salad, toast, and side of grits. Everything tasted great, and I am looking forward to going back soon.All of the food is great and the service is good as well. We have had the aebelskivers, the bacon onion and cheese crape, smoked salmon w/cream cheese and capers on toast, biscuits and gravy... not one thing has been less than spectacular!  How could I forget, the chicken and waffles. I highly recommend them, even if you don't consider yourself a "chicken and waffles person" I promise these are worth a shot! I'm sure not many other chicken and waffles would compare! 
This is our new go-to brunch place!  We discovered Toast one day when another broken egg was closed for renovations. I must say that it must have been divine intervention for us to try something new! We were so excited to love our "plan b" breakfast choice! This is now our Plan A brunch choice, we just keep going back. Highly recommend.When eating toast, I prefer two slices. So after trying their Laurel location, here I am at the Gentilly site. Which reminds me, their code for wifi is "1845Gentilly."
So the menus differ slightly between the two restaurants. I was in the mood for waffles, but didn't quite want the ones on the menu. So I configured it my way, and asked, "Can I have it with bananas and pecans?"  No problem.  Maple syrup?  Can do. And of course it was perfect. 
My wife went with  the bacon, spinach, gruyere onelet, and a side salad. Just a great combination of flavors beautifully executed. 
The service was attentive and caring.  The ambience was vibrant and authentic. We are a couple of tourists looking for quality in a non touristy setting.  Toast delivers.The chicken and waffles and the potatoes are phenomenal. No apple juice which was odd.Best welcome breakfast to NOLA. Chicken and waffles were A++. The fries with the garlic aioli were scrumptious. We could not stop eating. The portions were also huge.I can only speak of the breakfast items. Yum! I have yet to actually sit inside and eat. To-go is what works best for us because my partner works around the corner. Wait time isn't bad either. The avocado toast is the usual for us. I know, cliche millinnieal breakfast/brunch but oh well. We really what we like. Iced coffee was yummy too. Always thankful for peeps who poster alternative milk choices.This place is amazing!!! Came here for breakfast and coffee before a long trip home and the staff is extremely friendly and food is excellent!Very disappointed! Visited Toast a few weeks ago and was excited to hear that the bread was made fresh. Ordered avocado  toast with ratatouille. Told the waitress that I'm VEGAN and she assured that everything I ordered was vegan. Called back yesterday to reorder to be told that the bread is NOT VEGAN. Had I had an allergic reaction a simple sorry would not have made up for the lack of basic menu knowledge. Food was great, but I'm very disappointed still.The absolute best chicken and waffles I have ever had. The fried chicken with cayenne butter is by far the best fried chicken in the city. My new favorite spot for breakfast/brunch.I had an amazing savory crepe and some puffed pancakes. I felt silly ordering two breakfasts but wanted to try as much as I could. Everything was so good, I'm glad I did it! The service was super quick too, and our waitress was very friendly!Holy crap! How good is this place?!?
First visit was this past Saturday. The grits, the beer (Abita Strawberry on tap!!!), the biscuits, the eggs, the bacon. The bacon. Genuflect before the bacon. My fellow diners were loving their food as well but my selfish a$$ only paid attention to the meal in front of me. When basics can be done as well as they do here, it bodes well that the rest is wonderful as well. One fellow diner had something kinda Mexican-influenced and my wife had the avocado toast with a lovely, crispy bread. We started with the ebelskivers with lemon sauce. Did I say holy crap already? So light and tasty. 
Eat here already. Stop reading this and go there. Wait for a table is you need to but go there and enjoy a great meal served by friendly and attentive staff. You won't be sorry.Stopped here as recommended by our b&b host, and sure happy we did! First, you must order the aebelskivers. They are essentially a puffed pancake of goodness accompanied by any homemade sauce you prefer (lemon curd, chocolate, caramel, etc..). Toast does not take any shortcuts when it comes to their food, and the service was wonderful. It's so easy to get caught up in those big touristy places, we are happy we didn't. We are actually sad that we live out of town and won't be able to come back here regularly.So exited to have a great breakfast spot in the neighborhood! Good service and great food. Try the brisket burger for lunch.In a breakfast wasteland, Toast was set up for success. My mom and I had previously gone to the uptown location and when they came to town for the holiday, I was really excited to bring them to the new Gentilly location. We sat down outside but the sun was blazing on us and our server got us a seat inside the busy spot. I ordered a prosciutto toast with ricotta and honey and my sister got an orange juice. Both items were A+. We then ordered breakfast, my mom got a classic breakfast, sister got a ratatouille omelette with side salad, brother-in-law ordered a burger, and I ordered an bacon, onion, and cheese crepe. Food came to us and was ice cold. My crepe and the side salad were the only things that were perfect. And by perfect, I mean so friggen good. The omelette and egg dish must've been sitting while the rest cooked. The Burger was also undercooked. The food returned to us microwaved. So the classic egg dish was now pretty well cooked and the omelette was still ice cold on the inside. The young lady was so sorry and obviously stressed as they were understaffed. So the stuff that was edible was top notch! But the rest was just disappointing. I hope that they can get it all in order soon as I live less that a mile away and would love to frequent this place. We were given a free meal and that was awesome. I hope to one day update this to 5 stars.I had high hopes but was let down with burnt waffles! The chicken was flavorful though! Best part about the mealThis is my FAVORITE breakfast spot! The fairgrounds location has added a few menu items including waffles! If you've never been before you MUST try the abelskivers with lemon curd - truly the best! I love the toast with avacado, or prosciutto, but my new favorite is the toast with ratatouille, ricotta & egg. This location has recently obtained its liquor license and I can't wait to try the mimosa or brandy milk punch!This is by far one of my favorite places to go for breakfast/brunch. I think what I like about it the most, is the consistency of the food. You always get a solid meal. The waitstaff is friendly. There's usually a wait on the weekends, but the bar is open seating. The savory crepes are really good and you can never ever go wrong with the burger. Get you some greens in by ordering a side salad. It's delicious. ;)Yum. I am in a rut and order the ratatouille toast but I get to see all the other good stuff my friends get like fried catfish, grits, and eggs, crepes, delicious looking Bloody Marys and specialty coffees. Really nice people. Be sure to expect a wait on the weekends of up to an hour.Great food. Great service. Our sever made great suggestions and we were more than pleased. Bring ur champs cause they don't serve alcohol but the Oj was perfect for my bottles of champagne. Cute place. Super easy to get to and park. Small but open. I will def make this a reg for Sunday brunch. Go, you won't be disappointed.Great spot when looking for a filling, delicious breakfast. I had the breakfast sandwich, my boyfriend had the chicken and waffles, and we split the sugar and butter crepe. We ordered way too much food, but wanted to try a little bit of everything! Everything was rich and delicious. The only complaint my boyfriend had was that the chicken on the chicken and waffles was chicken thighs so a little more fatty than traditional chicken strips. We had tried to eat here one other time, but the wait was long so make sure to arrive early if you don't want to wait 30+ minutes.This spot is such a extrordinary brunch spot. We came here after the Swamp Tour and was not disappointed. The service was fantastic and the portions are huge. We got the waffle sandiwch and a omlette, they don't skimp on the eggs. I highly recommend this place. The little pankcake balls are a must!Toast was amazing! We went on Sunday around noon and the wait time was about 15 minutes. The food was outstanding, and this will be a regular brunch spot for me.
UPDATED REVIEW 7/17
If you're looking to have a gathering with a larger party, Toast will not accommodate you even at your expense. I inquired about hosting a birthday brunch for 12, and was referred by Cara to try a restaurant with a dining room. That's partially insulting, as I'm pretty sure I can search for that if that was my choice. I wasn't asked what time or date I would like to have my event, just given a firm no without exploring other options. I'm disappointed by this lack of creativity and customer service. I won't be dining here in the future.Ambiance 5/5
Service 5/5
Food 5/5
This place was great! The inside had a nice brunchy vibe and there were also tables for outside seating. We chose to sit outside to enjoy the nice weather and it didn't feel like we were in the middle of the sidewalk or super close to the street. 
You're able to join the waitlist on yelp, which we did but upon our arrival they offered immediate seating outside if we didn't mind the sun (the hostess made sure to warn us that the spot was too hot for other guests, which I thought was nice of her to mention). Our waitress was very friendly and attentive and gave good food recommendations.
The food was really good! We ordered the biscuits with sausage (I was able to substitute the grits for a different side), fried chicken and waffles, and the lemon curd aebelskivers (which was a great recommendation from the waitress). I had an entree and split a serving of 3 aebelskivers and I felt that was enough food for one person. 
I would definitely eat here again, especially for the aebelskiversVery nice interior, unique menu with tasty traditional options. They also have brunch cocktails that are very reasonably priced ($6 mimosa!). I had the smoked salmon toast that was topped with scrambled eggs. I felt the eggs took away from the dish (or maybe it was the large amount they included!). I ended up eating the eggs with my potato side (the potatoes were amazing!). The salmon toast on fresh baked sour dough was absolutely yummy. 
I will be back!Great breakfast! Traditional fare and specialty items.
Savory crapes with green salad are a must!
Neighborhood feel makes it cozy and welcoming.This is our new breakfast place. Went here today had some great coffee, friendly service and amazing food! The ricotta and honey toast with prosciutto was so good it makes me angry I haven't had it before! Also killer cheese grits and thick sliced bacon. My husband got a breakfast biscuit and lyonnaise potatoes- we will be back!First day open  to the public. Tucked in by the fairgrounds. Fantastic service amazing food. Even better than their first location uptown. If you live close to the mid city area come here!I've had most things on the menu (sorry to see the croque madame go, it was my two meal favorite,especially hungover.)  Everything is fresh and delicious!   The salad!!!Perfect little breakfast spot near the Fairgrounds. Today we got the fried catfish and grits special which was AMAZING!!!! Catfish was fried just right! This was our second time dining in and the wait was not long thanks to the Waitlist. We enjoyed every bit and excited to make a return visit!I had high hopes for this place, but was truly disappointed. I ordered the steak and eggs medium -rare... 45 mins after my order was taken I received my steak and eggs and my steak looked as if they shot it ran it over a fire and put it on my plate ... keep in mind I do love a rare steak but it does have to be luke warm in the center... I had ask several time for my coffee to be refilled and the waitress after 16 min still hasn't come back to check on my meal ...It is well worth the trek out to this restaurant for the food. Leave the French quarter behind and come here if you want a good breakfast. The mushroom and goat cheese omelette was amazing and the greens on the side are perfection. The place is small fun and funky. Their coffee is great, so no need to go for good coffee before hand. The creeps are amazing as well, the flavor is very well-balanced. The service is also awesome.We went there twice, we just loved their crepes and mimosa. The service is good and good prices. We try all the toasts , where very very good. We gonna go there more often.My wife and I had mid-morning breakfast at the Mid-City Toast this morning. We were first time visitors and not sure what to expect. Thankfully, it's as good as it's reviews!  
We were advised a 25-minute wait, but were in and seated in 15 minutes. The service is fast and friendly. The menu is varied and a mix of favorites and signature dishes. I had a ham, tomato and gruyere crepe and my wife the classic breakfast. The crepe was wonderful - filled with gooey cheese and chunks of ham. A little tabasco and it's a 10. The bacon is as good as it gets, crispy and delicious in a generous rasher. 
The only change I suggest is to use French Truck or similar coffee. 
This is one of our top 5 breakfast finds in NOLA (also try Coulis!).Food not only took long but, took extra long because server claims kitchen did not understand our table order was on one ticket (makes no sense I know) so 15mins later after my partner is already eating and almost done my food finally arrives. Eggs over cooked (ordered sunny), but everything else was fine. Would have been nice to have eaten eith my partner vs holding us up from our next venture.Cool and unique menu, cozy atmosphere. Me and my girlfriend loved it from the first visitNew NOLA favorite.  The wait was a bit long, even through the Nowait/yelp app but it was worth every minute.  The hanger steak was phenomenal and easily the best dish on our table!  The crepes were delicious as well!Great spot for mimosas! I always get eggs and grits for brunch here because they are too good to pass up. The staff is awesome and service is usually great. Sometimes the wait can be long but just because it's a hot brunch spot and worth the wait! Check it out the menu is great and has something for everyone.Love this place and the book store next door! I will definitely be back! The avocado toast is incredible and the biscuits are fluffy and fantastic. The staff is bright and friendly and full of local suggestions on amazing restaurants and barsWe came from DC for Halloween. I decided to splurge and get the chicken and waffles. We also got abelskivers, although everything on the menu looked delicious. Our server Nancy was wonderful as well as all the other staff. True southern hospitality! I will be sure to stop back in next time we are in town.Great breakfast place. Wery friendly, reasonable prices, WiFi. Food is good,  they make their own bread!  Must try: waffles,  ham,eggs,tomato,avocado & pimento cheese sandwich OR toast with cream cheese smoked fish and eggsStopped in for brunch yesterday morning. It was definitely busy for a Monday. Limited seating, but my friend and I were still seated immediately. I loved the vibe. Super chill and friendly spot. The waitress was extremely inviting and recommended several different items on the menu. We both ended up opting for the chicken and biscuit special.
Chicken breast fried to crispy perfection sandwiched between a buttery, flaky biscuit. Oh, and I can't forget that the whole sha-bang was blanketed in gravy. It was everything I needed after a jam packed weekend. 
And, I mean, how perfect is the name for a breakfast/brunch spot?Best brunch spot! Everything is amazing, from the food to the mimosas. I had the Catfish and grits but I got the potatoes instead and that was the best decision I've ever made. The chicken and waffles are awesome! Love the cayenne butter also. Will come back again!A stop to the fairgrounds location of Toast revealed a similar experience to the Uptown original, with a few differences. Notably, they are open at 6:30 and have an early bird special, albeit not anything that I can eat. But they do cater to people on their way to work, which is nice. The experience I had was reasonably quick, important for breakfast.
I ended up with a waffle with some rather delicious blueberry preserves. It arrived cut into pieces and was soft and fluffy-almost too fluffy-but satisfying. Some intriguing maple/cane syrup fortified with vitamin D for some reason (I'll take it) was also at the table. A filling bowl of cheese grits rounded out my breakfast. The crepe menu looks much the same as the other two locations of Toast, but there are some different toasts at each one. Probably worth trying them all out.I love everything about this place. The pancake balls the eggs the toast . It's great because the menu is always changing and it is all so fresh. It's can be a bit small and hot inside but I think it is worth itAbelskivers! Abel - freakin' - skivers!!
With the lemon curd, abelskivers are amazing little balls of love that I happily put in my mouth. Get them to go, if you need to; they reheat really well with less than 10 seconds on the microwave at home.
Get those abelskivers in your mouth!My experience was absolutely amazing here. It's a cozy little neighborhood diner that's adorable. I'm happy we got to sit in this 2 person wall booth. Hubby ordered the waffles, I had a breakfast sandwich. Tasty, hot, and very fresh. Waitress was attentive as well and everything you need is on the table so you don't have to keep requesting for things (napkins, silverware, straws, etc). The cold brew Irish was fantastic and they give free refills.The food was OK, the crepe was burnt and when we asked,the waitress said it is supposed to be like this as if I haven't had crepe before. Lol.  the service was awful. We went there for brunch. We reserved the spot on yelp. It was a 25 min waiting time. We went there after 15 minutes , the host was not welcoming and said it takes 40 min. We said can we get a coffee while waiting, she said if you could hold on anybody, ask for coffee. After 5 minutes, I got a message that table is ready. We were still eating our food when the waitress asked and said do you want a box for your food. She wanted us to finish the food and leave because of the waiting line. We asked for the coffee refill and she slammed the cup of the table after refill. I would not recommend it and won't go again.Excellent excellent excellent!!! This place made 5 Michiganders superbly satisfied with an amazing breakfast full of flavor and portions. We had a bit of a wait for our table but I understand why. My kids devoured their food as my husband and I shoved every last savory bite into our mouths. Excellent service, great atmosphere and I can't gush enough about the food!Food is awesome. Wait wasnt long and staff is nice. I even had a scotch egg....well, I got a few bites in. Such good food. Everything is good. 
A++++Finally made it to Toast...inside and outside seatings.  Another cool spot in our amazing city, I am sure you hear that a lot form us but it is the damn truth.
We topped for breakfast after our race at city park, sat outside.
Overall food and service were amazing.  The staff are so cool.
My wife and I got their coffee, fresh and tasty...Mimosa, so good and we shared their BLT (Bacon was delicious, the bread was fluffy and well toasted and the ingredients were all fresh)...it was enough for two.
Enjoy!This is a cute laid back little bistro type of place with great breakfast/brunch type food.  Service is great, and the latte is fabulous....the staff is very friendly.....the classic breakfast is the best.....the old fashioned grits are amazing....the thick bacon is so fresh.....My family and I will be returning.....Cozy little spot that is way bigger on the inside. The Waffle Sandwich does not disappoint and the staff is very helpful.We went around 10:30am for brunch, my wife and I were visiting from Austin, TX which has a great good scene. We waited about 30 mins for our table, we relaxed outside on a bench and enjoyed the morning. Once being sat, we ordered coffee and reviewed the menu. Coffee was good, we ended up ordering bacon, egg, avacado, pimento cheese waffle sandwich contraption, we also ordered the bacon, cheese, onion crepe, and lastly we ordered the chicken and waffles. The sandwich contraption was good but great, the chicken and waffles were extremely pleasing, and the crepe WAS OUT OF THIS WORLD. I would highly recommend this joint, great good, good service, and fun atmosphere.This was recommended to tried when I'm in NOLA. The wait was so long that we had to check in Yelp 2 hours before. Understandable. Once we sat down, our server took our order. Came back and told us, "I know this already and should had told you guys, but were out of the steak." Our parties ordered 4 steak plates!!! We had to switch our order, waitress brought back 1 menu expecting us to order right away. After we order we literally waited 45 mins for our food to come out!!! She never came back to check on us and let us know theres a wait. We ask her if the food was done and her answer was it very busy. 45 MINS!!!! FOOD Came out and our burger was burnt to a crisp!!! Unfortunately after all that wait we still wasn't able to eat. So I highly recommend no one go to this place at all!!