We stopped in to Tommy's because the atmosphere looked inviting. I enjoyed the cozy, quiet, low-lit dining room. It was nice to get away from the crowds in the street. The service was absolutely wonderful. Everyone we interacted with was friendly and helpful. Also, Chad Smith of the Red Hot Chili Peppers was dining at the table next to us, so that was pretty cool...
Unfortunately, despite all that we liked about Tommy's, the food was beyond bad.  We had the special- avocado crab salad to start. Mustard, crab and avocado just really don't pair very well and the crab didn't taste fresh at all. Then we had the oysters Rockefeller which, honestly, I found inedible. Though I will say, the large size of the dish is really unbelievable for the price you pay ($10). The oysters were gigantic (I'm sure some people will love this, but I found them to be pretty gross) with some green purée on top of them which had both an unpleasant taste and texture. For our entree, we shared the shrimp linguine. It wasn't bad, but was just kind of bland and boring and definitely not a $22 dish. 
In a city with so many amazing food choices, I don't see any reason to go back to this place.Tommy's is a very warm and inviting place with great architectural features. The tri brick archways by the bar are only rivaled by the wood paneled half moon archway that leads to this great front room . The food is very good although the menu could use a few more options. The complimentary fir lack of a better term pizza appetizers are delicious as were the oyster appetizer. The Spaghetti and pork/beef meatballs were excellentThis is my first negative review, and I feel very strongly about the terrible service I had here last week. I had had the longest day and was meeting a couple I hadn't seen in two years. I'm the one who suggested Tommy's and feel responsible since they came on my behalf. I hesitated about asking  but figured it wouldn't hurt to ask about the "check-in" option for a free glass of wine. Our waiter rudely scoffed and said NO, turned away and scurried to the bar, whispering to his friends as they all turned to glare at us. I later realized it was Tommy's Winery so that was my bad. As we were eating, he never once refilled my water or asked if I'd like another glass of wine. As we were ordering dessert, he literally WALKED away while I was mid-sentence. We asked if he'd take a photo with two phones, and he sarcastically stated, "Great thing about the 21st century is that you can email it to each other instead." And then he stood there with his arms crossed after we paid waiting for us to leave. I wish I hadn't left a 25% tip, but I always do when receiving service. I'm a huge foodie and rarely come across a restaurant to which I won't return, but Tommy's is surely one now. I've never felt so disrespected at a restaurant.I really wanted to love Tommy's, but it was just ok in my opinion.
Upon first arrival, I thought I was in for a delicious meal.  The restaurant has an old time Italian feel, very cool.  The service was top notch. 
We started off with bread for the table, which was delicious.  Then I ordered the Oysters Tommy which was also very good.  My friend got the Crabmeat Canape and it's not all what we thought it would be...it was just a lump of crab meat.  
When it came to the entrees, I was underwhelmed.  I got the Crabmeat Au Gratin, it was runny and fishy and not great.  We were with a very large party and half loved their meals, and half didn't.
Overall, Tommy's is fine but not someplace I will go back to on my next trip to NOLA.The establishment itself was appealing.  My salad was tasty, however, my main course (Chicken Parm) lacked flavor and the service was not up to par.
I don't regret coming to the restaurant but I definitely will not return.Italian is a bit of a misleading label for this place, but the food is great nonetheless.  Ate at the bar with a few coworkers the night we arrived in New Orleans.  We were a little mislead on not only the menu, but the "fanciness" as we arrived in clothes that would turn out to be a bit stuffy to a place that didn't have a single pasta on the menu, but we left happy and that's what's important.
I had their version of a caprese salad, which was just ok, as was the asparagus. The wine selection was fantastic though, and the bottle of zin that we ordered was great.  For the main course, my two colleagues each ordered the lamb and i ordered the duck.  The duck was FANTASTIC!  The dirty rice was great too.  Finally, the frizzled sweet potatos set a new bar for delicious yams!
Putting the whole package together and in context with other meals available in the area you can definitely do better than Tommy's, but it's a great meal in it's own right.We made a reservation and were seated immediately upon arrival. The ambience was relaxing and warm. Our party of six started with cocktails that were very tasty. Apps, entrees, and dessert was amazing. Probably would have been more enjoyable if we ate less but we could not help ourselves. Must say the escargot was over the top, O buco was melt in your mouth fall off the bone, and the lamb was to die for. Oh god, have to mention the bread that was served when we were seated. True Italian bruschetta. Loved this place and will definitely be back on our next trip to New Orleans.This was one of the last places that my husband and I went to.  We were in town for the first weekend of Jazz Fest.  The food was outstanding and the wait staff was very courteous.  I had the lamb chops which was very delicious.
I would recommend people stop by and visit the art galleries that are around and then go here for dinner.This place rocks.  What a great vibe.  The food is outstanding in every way you want it to be.Really a nice meal. Beautiful ambiance. Excellent service.  Delicious food. Very glad we visited.We were in New Orleans for one night, I chose Tommy's for our Dinner from reading reviews on yelp. Boy what a good move the service, the food and the place was really great. To start they brought a loaf of the most tasty bread, then the best appetizers. Now the main course is were they lost the fifth star, I had the Lamb Chops they were to fatty and the sauce over ran the flavor of the Lamb. But my wife had the fish in the bag it was wonderful. We did not have desert. We will return when we go back to New Orleans.We were a somewhat difficult group. Frank took care of us in an amazing way! His suggestions were perfect! His service was the best!! Great experience!!Everything was outstanding. Waiter was super knowledgeable of their menu and made excellent recommendations.  You couldn't ask for a better dining experience.Stopped in for drinks before dinner, I loved this place! The service was top knoch. We had wine with the cheese and fruit plate it came with three different cheeses, apple slices, grapes & a large sliced strawberry. Great place to go before are after dinner. After 10 pm they have live jazz musicI would not recommend this place based off of the service alone. We had a grumpy waiter, who penciled in his own tip (20%) at the end of the meal. I'm pretty sure that's illegal, but we let it go.
Apparently the seafood dishes were really good. My chicken dish was mediocre.  I enjoyed the turtle soup, but it wasn't the best I've had.  
I'm not sure how this place has such good reviews, maybe they experiencing friendlier service. There are better italian places around.Went on a Thursday evening and the place was hopping with locals and tourist alike. 
The ambiance and wait staff was a major five stars. Was good for a romantic dinner although a little noisy. The food while good was not great. Chicken picatta with lump crab along with a pasta and fried soft shell crab were good but both needed more seasoning.Absolutely outstanding service, food, and atmosphere.
We were being hosted by a vendor who asked them to assemble some custom appetizer platters. Crab and oysters were great.
I wanted the Fish Filet Maison, but the waiter said it was drum (blech). He told me he'd get me pompano instead. It was massive, wood-fire grilled, and delicious.
I will certainly return.Incredible service. Best egg plant ever! Never disappointing, great food great ambience great prices huge portions great selection, so fresh. So worth finding it in New Orleans. Much better than the other touted New Orleans eateries.Food was excellent.  Service was just ok.  Our server was an ex-chef. Wouldn't go there again because of him.  Made us feel uncomfortable.  Rather a dick.We ended at Tommy's completely by chance.  We checked in to the Embassy Suites late and didn't want to travel to go to dinner.  The concierge told us about Tommy's right around the corner.  It was wonderful.
The ambiance was cozy and nice.  The staff was very attentive and knowledgeable.  The food was magnificient.  Unfortunately we did not try the wine.  I wish I had.
The bill was costly but we had a party of 6.  With the tip it came to about $35 per person but it was a good value for the evening we had.  I plan to go back to Tommy's the next time I am in NOLA.Just not impressed-- 2 stars for service or else it's be a 1-- sat down with a group of 8-- we ordered lots things on the menu - veal sorrienta, Australian lamb, duck (the house special) , the piccata, soft shell crab, avocado salad , chocolate pecan pie-- even the coffee  -- we all passed things around and every time I took a bite of anything I honestly didn't get that "wow" this is the reason to come back. Atmosphere is small and intimate -- Classic Italian -- but would definitely not recommend it to anyone traveling to New Orleans.Celebrated my daughters 21st bday with several friends. Got a private room. Ordered calamari for an appetizer. The calamari was ok, nothing special. I ordered the fish Capri, it was redfish on top of broccoli with crabmeat and sauce, ok but not great. Wife ordered veal piccata, it was ok but but that good. Pasta noddles were large and pasty, sauce not great.Not a good night for my wife and I. Service was poor and our cocktail drinks were not made very well. I had to return one of hem. Other than this the bar was nice and the feel of the wine bar was old New Orleans style. I wish the service was better so we could have stayed longer for some more wine.An amazing meal was enjoyed by my entire party. Nothing short of top notch!I come here every year for our anniversary! THE BEST kept secret of NOLA! We always have the same server (Sam) and he has been there for years! He is remarkable in service! We adore him!!! We always get our corner table by the window. I can't imagine spending my anniversary anywhere else! Our anniversary is September 15 and we juat celebrated our 9 years with them! We will be back every year + some! Love our Sam and Tommy's!Nice ambiance. Good food. Prefer other places in town. The wine bar is spectacular.An off-the-chart great find in the warehouse district. You'll not find Tommy's Cuisine in all the tourist publications but it's certainly worth a try. Paneed Oysters & Shrimp are excellent. It's an app that plays like an entree. 
The decor and lighting are charming and romantic. The service is just right. Give this place a shot! It will not disappoint. I might just give them 5 stars after another visit.Good selection, great atmosphere!  Nice place to grab a drink with someone and catch up.   Service was kind of slow but there were also several large parties there that evening as well.   Would go back for sure!This place looks like a dive from the outside, but once you enter, you'll be pleasantly surprised. It's actually a really nice Italian restaurant that's frequented by many locals (we were in town for a convention, but only saw one or two other tables that looked to be populated by out-of-towners). The service was exceptional, and the food was delicious and creatively prepared. It feels odd to eat Italian food when visiting New Orleans, but when you need a break from Cajun/Creole food, this restaurant definitely hits the spot!Excellent Italian W/ Cajun flair-this place attracts a crowd.  Prices fair for quality food - entrees @ mid $20s.  We enjoyed oysters Rockefeller,fish of the day Capri, lamb chops-both entrees very good.  We split an-o-so rich choc mousse/truffle which was yummy - tho a full portion would have probably blocked all major arteries. Service was extraordinarily good (thank you Stev-en).It had been a very long time since I had gone to Tommy's which I now realize was a big mistake.  The food was outstanding like I remember and the service impeccable.  My wife and I had Turtle soup, the avacado salad, 2 oystersTommy, 2 oysters Rockefeller,  and 2 oysters Bienville.  Then we had a soft shell crab dinner and the veal with crabmeat and lemon caper sauce.... 
After that great dinner we went next door to the awesome wine bar for a few drinks and great conversation.
I will be back soon!!!Delicious spot for a date, but also lively enough for a small party (5 to 10 people). The waitstaff bends over backwards for repeat customers. The service can be slow at times, and you have to know what to order. I love the eggplant, steak, fish, and salads.A must try! From the stuffed avocado to the bread pudding to the service Rene gave us! We love to try new restaurants that give us new ideas and new tastes! We found it! Me and the hubby were beyond satisfied! We were surprised! We would recommend this to anyone who visits New Orleans!We had a nice dinner at Tommy's on Valentine Day.  The oysters Tommy were refreshingly light with a smokey taste, the avocado with crabmeat was good but definitely needed more crabmeat, and veal piccata was perfect to split for an entree.  The bananas foster bread pudding was delicious.  I love the ambience of Tommy's but the service was a little suspect.  We were seated at a table in the middle of the room ( kind of an afterthought table) and we asked for another table since there were lots of available ones.  They said they were reserved. After I pointed out that we reserved a table as well, they managed to find us a better table.  Also, instead of explaining  the specials to just our table, our waitress combined us with another table and told us both what the specials were - good thing we have good hearing.I would have given this place 5 stars if not for the jerk of an owner. I had to direct a meeting there for my client and as I was setting up, the owner of Tommy's was extremely rude, asking where was I from. Luckily, I didn't eat there because of the meeting. However the employees were very pleasant such as Will who manages the place, Thomas who took care of us and specially Manuel who I thought was so  nice in helping us out. Those guys were 5 stars, but the owner, eh. Won't go there to eat the next time I visit NOLA. The owner's attitude was kind of like the two idiots from Amy's Baking Company in Arizona. RUDE!
As long as you don't have to deal with Tommy, the place is good, the staff are even better.My fourth time and as expected very good 
Five different meals all very good, escargot was excellent rich but thats ok, duck was ok not exceptional but good  
Never had a bad experience will be backAt first glance this restaurant seems to be in Italian restaurant. Be careful. The menu has a lot of items which have some relationship to Italian cuisine. The white table cloths also lend themselves to a certain ethnic identity. But this restaurant and the food on the menu is not the same ole same ole. 
A quick note before I continue, Tommy's was in the warehouse district before anyone else. The setting is gorgeous and maintains the characteristics of buildings in that area. But the design and decoration help it to be relaxing and a step above.
The food is truly the star. I've never had a bad dish here and there are some specific parts of the menu that are truly unique. I've always looked at this as a Louisiana restaurant first. I ordered the turtle soup and beet salad along with a linguini. The food and the service was fantastic. This is the third time I've eaten here and it's perfect each time.Really cute restaurant - came here for a rehearsal dinner so we had the whole space to ourselves. It's a nice space, good lighting, and was great for the big event. Food mediocre - honestly can't remember anything of note except the fried oysters, which were quite good!Nice atmosphere and the food was delicious. The service was great and the menu selection was better than expected. The selection of ports after the meal was enticing and the tastings were superb.Came in with reservations for two. Great staff and Sam our waiter was amazing. 
Ordered appetizers and dessert. 
Turtle soup
Escargot
Sweetbreads 
Creme brulee.I was strangely in the mood for Italian and on a recommendation, we tried Tommys.  We weren't disappointed in the least.  The service was well above average and the atmosphere was intimate and romantic.  The food was superb and they served generous portions.  Would absolutely go there again.The appetizer came out quick and were amazing..... Then almost 2 hours later we "received" our main course. This restaurant is an incredible waste of time. The food is served luke warm and in a manner that says we should be grateful to receive it. The lore of New Orleans restaurant fare is really undone by Tommys.Went here for New Year's Eve. Unbelievable. Very attentive staff. Highlight had to be the crabmeat au gratin. Reasonably priced for the quality.It was my friend's birthday so we went to Tommys for her birthday dinner and she had a miserable time because of the terrible service. I'm having a hard time rating this place because the manager was super understanding and helpful and food was average but the waitress was TERRIBLE...I even debated if I should write anything on yelp because I did speak to the manager about the horrible service. 
I had pollo di Parma and it wasn't what I expected. It wasn't anything special and it was pretty plain. I did love their shrimp appetizer. It had a lot of flavors and was on point. 
So about the waitress she was so rude to us. She would check up on the table next to us every now and then but would not come to our table at all. I had to ask a different server to bring us water/take our picture. I have never complained to a restaurant manager before about a waiter but this time I had to. The manager said he will talk to her and was super cooperative. However I'm never coming back.The lump Crab appetizer was DELISH.  My turtle soups was also DELISH.  The main course however was UNDERWHELMING.  It was the Veal Piccata. The green beans were a little over done and the Veal a bit too chewing and a little tasteless.  I got it because the server said it was the house favorite.  I would suggest not getting that and stick with the HOUSE SPECIAL.  
Service started off strong but we were there right before the rush.  After appetizers were served the server vanished. I ordered my 2nd drink right before the main course but didnt get it till after I eaten the main course.  
Tried the PECAN PIE DESSERT. Dont get it.  Wasnt warm and wasnt good.  :-(.  
AMBIENCE was great and it has the looks of a FANCY restaurant.Went with a big party.  Ordered a bunch of appetizers, but none stood out all that much.  They have three versions of oysters but none were all that noteworthy.  I did order a cup of soup which I believe was a chowder type soup with crawfish or crab (can't remember now) with corn...this was pretty good...after dinner, I wished I just had a big bowl of the soup.
For my entree I had the Louisiana drum cooked as fish of the day...they had three different preparations for the fish.  Underwhelming and bland come to mind.  Not impressed.  So much so, that I only ate 2/3 of it and just didn't have the motivation to eat more.
I didn't have dessert, but ordered coffee which was very weak.  I think I've had better coffee at a gas station.
In regards to service, food was served promptly, but there was mass confusion as to who ordered what dish as they were bringing out the food.  The servers had NO clue which dish went with which diner...pretty sad.  I'd definitely look to other places to eat.Tommy's was highly recommended by our concierge and several friends for a great Italian meal to carb up before our Half Ironman.  We arrived for our 6:30 reservation to be greeted by a less than friendly hostess.  The restaurant is uniquely laid out and they lead our party of 10 to an awesome private room.  We were so excited to be able to have great conversation and dine in a room all to ourselves.
Two people in our party were running late due to a flight delay but we chose to be seated and wait for them.  We ordered our food at 7:20. 
We were given a appetizer compliments of the chef, which was so delicious that we ordered another round for the table..that we never received but were charged for on our final bill.
Our food did not arrive until 9:15 (our plan was to be in bed asleep by 9 for our 4:45 wake up call for the race). .  We asked our waiter around 8:30 if our food was getting close as those in the next room had come and gone.  He said it should be just a few more minutes and was very put out by our questioning of him.  He was pompous, arrogant and rude the entire meal. 
Finally, at 9:05, I went to find the manager of the restaurant.  I informed him that we understand that things go wrong in a restaurant as my husband has been in the restaurant business for 20+ years and is the General manager of a restaurant himself.  We felt it was important to let him know that we had a terrible experience from the door throughout the entire meal.
The manager assured us that our meal was close.  All the dishes came out in the next 10 minutes with the exception of mine (the person who complained....passive aggressive much??!!) who ordered the same meal as 2 others at our table.  
The racers gobbled and left quickly while the others awaited the bill.  When the bill arrived, NOTHING was comped and we were charged for an appetizer that we never received.  We did not expect the entire meal to be taken care of but nothing was covered.  When my patient husband who understands that things go crazy with tables sometimes, the waiter replied, "Do you want me to comp something off?  Why don't you tell me what to take off?"  My husband replied, why don't you do what you think is fair.  He took $30 off our our $450 bill.  
I will NEVER recommend this restaurant to anyone.  In fact, I will highly recommend to others to not bother.  
If management (or even the owner who came to talk with us), had any management skills or the ability to apologize for a terrible experience or make their mistakes right...we would not be so negative on Tommy's.  Several at our table said their meal was "one of the best they have ever had" while others said it was mediocre.  
Next time I am in New Orleans....Tommy's will be skipped with out a doubt!Great atmosphere and ambiance. Nice music and sports on several TVs. Great fast and friendly service.What a score! Service with Frank, phenomenal. We had no reservations and they squeezed us right in. We are from out of town and allowed Frank to pick our entire dinner. Well done Frank! Appetizers; Shrimp in Corn Bisque, Avocado with crab meat (very cleansing) and the kicker, Oysters Tommy! Dinner included; Veal Piccata and Crab Meat Sardou, Dessert;  Pecan Pie w/ Dark Chocolate, rocked! Bread Pudding... have not had better (5+). You will not be disappointed. Most definitely repeatable....kudos to Tommys!!!Amazing food, service, and ambience. Rene was our server. His performance was Shakespearean. A little off the beaten path but worth the detour, we were pleasantly surprised by the old-world decor. Ensconced in art, music, and candlelight, we enjoyed a combination of Classic New Orleans and nouveau fare. The duck was cooked to the perfect texture and flavor. We had a party of seven so I could go on forever about the quality of the food; everyone raved. We topped it off with bowls of bread pudding and coffees. It was as if time stood still at Tommy's. It is on our list for the next trip to New Orleans.If you like heated up frozen food, this is the place for you. Waste of time and money!Ladies remember that famous scene from beauty and the beast when Bell came down for a late night meal and the whole staff gave her a show and awesome food? Yah, that was me here... I kid you not. Everyone (cooks, waiters, bartender, maitre'd, etc..) came out to say hi to me and give me food to sample. The whole staff made me feel like the most special person the world. I became a bit embarrassed. But I was told that this was their way of making new guest who comes alone feel welcomed and to visit them as a family afterwards. I loved it here. I can't wait to go back. 
Now for the food: 
1) Bruschetta
2) Crab and avocado salad 
3) Lamb chops 
4) Wine! 
Overall: If you don't like lamb after this meal, then you will probably never like lamp. The lamb chops were worth the royal treatment (o;walking in the restaurant was dressed up for the holidays which added to the already cozy red sauce italian atmosphere. french 75s were long on brandy and short on sparkling. t started with an order of oysters tommy oysters and bienville.the hot braided white sesame topped bread that came with it was an yumbo vehicle to mop up the sauce . i had the special salad of avocado filled with lump crab on a small shredded lettuce mound. t had the drum (local fish) and i had the veal osso bucco . the marrow melted on that fabulous bread and the meat was fall of the bone tender and satisfyingly tasty and served  with garlic mash and french green beans tinged with herbs.classic bread pudding to finish made this a worth while meal.service was gentle and correct.Tommys WIne Bar is absolutely amazing! The wine is delicious and there is  a huge selection! The atmosphere is so cozy and sexy. Its the perfect place to go out and meet people or take a date! The staff is super knowledgeable and friendly! I cant wait to get a drink there soon! I am always checking their facebook for weekly specials!Amazing lamb!!! When you eat here (not if) you'll love the food. I came here with a small group, and we all enjoyed our food. Steve is very knowledgeable, and the service is on point. I don't think we went 4 minutes without someone refilling our glasses or checking on us to see if we were doing fine. I love this place!!!Killer place! Rene was awesome! Turtle soup, crab stuffed avocado with the creole vinaigrette and Creole tomatoes was on point! The best part? Dessert! You have to try the bread pudding with the bananas foster, wow!I really enjoyed this place.  It's elegant and comfortable.  There is an extensive wine list and the owner and bartender are very knowledgeable and friendly.   I really wish I had known about this place when I had family in town for visit.  
We enjoyed different types of wine and a food sampler. The was absolutely delicious and the wine was paired nicely. 
This is a great first date place.  It offers a piano player in the lounge, which is cozy and intimate.  It's not loud.  You can speak without shouting and there is no smoking allowed.  That was a big plus for me.  
They do not have a happy hour and it was not very busy around 6:00PM on a Friday.  It did start to pick up after 7.   
I did not know what to expect when I walked in.  Admittedly, I felt underdressed in dark denim, a knit v-neck top and heels.  When  I return I will be dressing up a bit more. I wasn't completely uncomfortable, but I should have been in a dress or a dressier top.Cute little wine bar
Live piano music at night
Prices are fair and service is decentThis was my first time dining at Tommy's and I loved it! 
The service: Sam was our server and he was awesome! He was attentive without hovering over the table and without making us feel rushed. He's obviously a seasoned server who we found to be quite polite, charming, and sincere with his recommendations not to mention he's very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list.
The food: We found everything to be cooked to perfection and it came out in a timely manner. The appetizers were on the table within 15 minutes of ordering. After the appetizers were cleared off the table the salad came, and then after that the main meal arrived. Every course was timed perfectly. This was a leisurely dinner and not once did we feel rushed or like the servers were hovering trying to clear the table so the next course can hurry and come out. 
I'm a concierge at a main hotel in the French Quarter and I certainly give this establishment an A++. Not only will I dine here again but I'll also recommend Tommy's restaurant to guests in this amazing city who is looking for a great dining experience.Last night we had a lovely early Valentine's Day dinner with wonderful friends. First time eating at Tommy's and it was fantastic from start to finish. We ate in "The Library" , a beautiful private room. It was as if we were eating at someone's home. The table was round and seated 10 with a three candelabra in the center. Truly lovely room. There are several different private rooms throughout. Our waiter was Robert and he was awesome. Thank you Robert for being so attentive but at the same time allowing us privacy. Everyone loved their meals. I had Sweet Breads over eggplant for an appetizer and it was amazing. My entree was a very delicious Duck Tchoupitoulas and for desert Tiramisu.  I can't wait to go back.  Thank's Tommy's Cuisine for a perfect night!!Laid back atmosphere with reasonable prices.
I had the fish special- a pompano broiled with crab topping on top of a potato onion medley with a side of asparagus with garlic butter.
Excellent one of the best fish dishes I have had. 
I am not sure when I return to NO that this will be a priority place to go as I only go once every decade but if I lived here I would be a regular.Service and food here are alright:  I shared mussels with a garlicky sauce with a friend, and had turtle soup.  These dishes were not spectacular, but I've tried worse, and I wasn't expecting anything better either.  My colleagues' dishes were of varied quality - almost all look standard and, according to them, 'tasted just fine', so it's not only my appetizers that left a so-so impression (fettuccine with shrimp, veal and a couple of desserts).   
So why the three stars?  This place works well if there are no other choices open and you are in the area.  This restaurant/bar/who-knows-what-else has a kitchen that closes at 11 pm, so it can come handy in certain circumstances. (However, so does La Boca, where I'll head next time that I'm in a situation of finding a decent place for dinner with 8 people all of the sudden.... I'm open to suggestions, so please message me if you know of a more reliable restaurant with tastier food that closes late)Love this place! I live in the neighborhood so I'm here on the reg. Chris, the bar manager, is the quintessential drinking host blending expert wine advice with witty banter. In fact, all the staff is great! The atmosphere is old school cigar lounge-esque with low lighting and big leather chairs. Great date spot or just good ole fashioned lonely hate drinking spot.My husband and I had my 75th B-day dinner at Tommy's.  The ambiance was so nice and the wait staff perfect.  Our waiter Sam, I can't say enough nice things about him. He made the experience amazing for us. The food was wonderful.  Presentation was perfect.  Anyone who goes to New Orleans should put Tommy's on their list. Be sure and ask for Sam.I love this place. I went while I was in town for a conference, and it was as different from Bourbon Street as a bar can get. The costs were lower than the French Quarter, and our waitress was very professional and friendly. 
We arrived around 10 to a small crowd and a piano player and got a couch and a few chairs. A latin band started playing soon after, the crowd grew (but never overwhelming), and the floor was cleared for dancers. It was the perfect place to relax and watch some great salsa dancers and musicians while drinking a good bottle of wine.
We were all dressed in clothes from the conference - a mix of jeans and khakis - but didn't feel out of place or underdressed. Most of the dancers were in nicer clothes, but it was a comfortable place where no one seemed to be judging your style. 
I found out about this place on a local musician's recommendation (he had a gig there the night before), and I am SO glad I did! I would love to go back every time I am in New Orleans.Went there last night. Party of 6. Food was good and the experience was OK. Nothing to really complain or rave about. A good middle of the road dinner spot.Good food but entree too 60 minutes and after 90 minutes still waiting for dessert. Sooooo slow.I have been stalking Yelp reviews for years but going here has finally prompted me to actually write a review. I love the atmosphere -- definitely different from a lot of places in New Orleans and it was really a nice, romantic spot for my fiance and I to get a drink with a pianist in the background. 
I do have one complaint here. We each got one glass of wine, $7 each, check was $14.83. We gave a $20 and typically,  I  would think that pretty clearly indicates that we want change back. Never happened. As we were finishing up, we tried to signal the server over (who honestly was not that great, took her a while to get our order and took her a while to bring the wine) to indicate we were ready to go, but she didn't seem to understand we wanted change. We finally just told her we were ready for our change and it took about 10 minutes to get it -- she had to come over and ask us what we had gotten, as she forgotten what our order was since she apparently already cashed us out and took the $5.17 tip. I used to be a server in college so I know how to tip well, but if I tipped $2.50 on every $7 glass of wine or a 33% tip on every order, I would be broke. I just would have expected better service and not someone try to get a couple extra bucks. She tried to blame the bartender as the one not giving her change (maybe true, probably not). But to top it off, we only got $5 back....as she had to get the manager over to the register to fix the refund (we could see him) you might think he would throw in the extra 17 cents or at least come over to explain why we had to wait for our own money to be refunded. That just makes me think they might try to take advantage of the younger crowd (I doubt they did it to the nice elderly gentlemen at the table near us) but maybe it was an honest mistake. 
Minus the service, I loved this place and will be back! Great place to relax and people watch!Great service and delicious appetizers.  Group friendly.  We shared the appetizers and deserts!  Yum Yum!Tommy's cuisine is awesome. From when we entered the building to leaving the service was excellent. As soon as we sat down one of the bar tenders (Sergio) got us drinks. He suggested to me one of their cocktails which was basically an old fashion with amaretto which was delicious. I ordered the Oysters Tommy for an appetizer, Cesar salad, and Veal piccata. My girlfriend got the duck entree. The oysters took a while to come out but the server apologized and brought out our salads (there was a large party backing up the kitchens oysters as the server informed us and apologized for the delay). Our oysters finally came out and the server comped the oysters without us requesting anything (I thought this was great service and understood the delay was on the kitchen and appreciated the servers actions). The veal and duck came out, both of which were excellent. I followed my meal with the taramasu which was light and sweet. Overall the food and service was excellent and you could tell the server staff was willing to go the extra mile and take care of the customer. This was my second time at the restaurant though my last visit was over 7 years ago. The food has always been excellent. I would highly recommend this establishment for anyone looking for good Italian food with great service in an excellent environment,Tonight's experience at Tommy's was absolutely the worst dining experience I've ever had in New Orleans! It is a shame that I cannot give it ZERO stars.
I can't believe this place was as packed as it was tonight, considering the fact that it took over an hour to receive our entrees (which were only semi-warm & underwhelming).
We certainly cannot be the only ones who have received terrible service & mediocre food here.
Suffice to say...I will never return to this restaurant & will never recommend it to anyone!!"I want some wiiiiiine," I whine internally on the regular. Yet I just recently had my first visit to Tommy's Wine Bar. Many a time I've driven past, vowing to go in ASAP and most likely the only reason I have not done so is that when I'm in the Warehouse district, I usually head straight to Bellocq without passing Go. Or, without passing Tommy's Wine Bar, as it were.
My favorite wine bars in town have until this point been Bacchanal and Delachaise, but Tommy's is unlike either of these. With a vibe that's more gentleman's club than rustic tropical backyard (love love love Bacchanal) or trendy, transformed diner packed with Uptowners, Tommy's is slightly sophisticated, while not at all stuffy. They offer a wide range of bottles and wines by the glass (bonus for an Italian red!) and you're more likely to rub elbows with a distinguished septuagenarian than a hipster or grad student. Sometimes, that's just what this wino needs. OK, so "needs" implies something slightly scandalous. I mean, sometimes I prefer a more quiet atmosphere so I can drink in peace while gossiping and conspiring to take over the world. 
I jest again! Tommy's is a damned nice wine bar, no bells and whistles, low lighting and slightly dated (in a good way) furniture. The staff is incredibly nice and attentive and I will be back for more, soon.The hostess was great! She was very polite, and she took our reservation last minute. our waiter was courteous and professional but he was a little slow. All the food was excellent, but the chocolate martini and crème brûlée are on the top of my restaurant list of choice desserts. 
I only give four out of five stars because we had a wonderful time and the food was great and the ambience was comforting and inviting; however, we were hoping for some more guidance on the wine menu. 
FYI The crabmeat appetizer had the most crab me at I've ever had in any dish. Perfection!Such a little gem tucked away in the warehouse district.   The wine bar is adorable and has a great selection of wines. We walked next door to the restaurant and had a great meal.  Our waiter Manuel was funny and accommodating.  We would rerun in a heartbeat.I'm giving Tommys 3 stars because the atmosphere and the waitstaff was top notch although a bit slow. Not sure if it was wait staffs fault or kitchen/bar holding us up. They attempt fine dining, but fall a bit short for those who have really known fine dining. We had a large party, 8, and tried the sampler appetizer which is everything except for sweetbreads, which was ok by me. I had a fairly decent filet which was slightly over cooked. It had far too much bernnaiss sauce on it. The " potatoes " looked like plastic & didn't taste much better. The broccoli was undercooked and doused with another sauce.. All in all, it was a nice experience. They also have a pretty extensive wine list.I went to dinner tonight with my fiance and father. This was our last night in New Orleans. The waiter gave us 3 pieces of brushetta which was very good. The bread was good also (same bread they made the brushetta). My father and I had the Chicken Rosmarino which was comprised of several chicken pieces ( small breast,  leg, thigh and wings)made up with olive oil, bitter olives and loads of garlic. I thought it was good. My dad doesn't eat dark meat so he was disappointed.  Both dishes came with pasta and sauce. The pasta was overcooked and sauce was terrible. Pasta has to be al dente!!! My fiance had Chicken Palermo and said it was mediocre.He also had a Caesar salad which many pieces were brown. His pasta was also overcooked and sauce not good. One visit was enough. I'm sure there are many other restaurants in the area that are better!!What a pleasant surprise!  We were looking for a place close to the hotel and found Tommys! Great atmosphere and wait staff and even better food. Try the chicken piccata. Best anywhere. We will definitely go back.Came here for a huge birthday dinner, my cousin's 21st, with a group of 12 people. First thoughts: we were pissed they didnt give us a round table per our request and their assurances. Also, the room we were in was hie and price, but also nice and dark -- hard to read the menus.
Besides these tiny tid bits everything was really great. They handled us quite well, considering. The waiter was extremely friendly and absolutely hilarious. Sarcastic humor is the best. 
I had some artichoke/spinach/hollandaise sauce meal that was extremely rich. It didnt blow my mind or anything and I probably should've ordered something else but by the time we got our main entrees I was admittedly pretty full. I had a crab and avocado salad which was delish.
Oh wow, I almost forgot -- TRY THE BREAD PUDDING! It is absolutely amazingly blissful and delicious. Probably the best i've ever had, and they give you a huge portion.Taking the suggestion from a friend, I took my daughter to Tommy's to celebrate her 21st birthday. Upon entering we were greeted by the hostess, Amy with a big smile and was shown to our table. The floor manager (Segio?) exquisitely dressed also came over to say hello. The ambiance was just as one would expect going to a 5-star restaurant. The food (Gulf  Fish and Chicken Parmesan), spotless dinnerware, and service were spot on. Everything was orderly and organized, like a Swiss watch. Of course, the person we had the most contact with (and perhaps the most important) was our server, Clairisse. Once she introduced herself and giving a brief history of the restaurant she highlighted the day's special with a detailed description of each dish. She took our picture, told a really funny joke and surprised my daughter with an unexpected birthday song from the staff! We really felt we were the only folks there because of the sincere attention she gave us every time she came by. What a delightful time your staff and management showed us.Great atmosphere, great food and great service! The bread pudding is out of this world. They have crab all over the menu. Don't like crab? They have duck, chicken, lamb - you name it. The menu has variety without being overwhelming. Rene, our server, was fantastic. They all were wonderful. 
Love this place. Great for intimate date night, work meeting or group dinner. Well priced, too!This was truly one of the best meals I have ever had.  Especially surprising since I had never heard of this restaurant and our hotel just sent us a block down the road for an Italian meal.  Hubs and I really just wanted a carb fix like bolognese.  What we got was just a succulent display of yumminess.  Starting with the bruschetta.  Oh wow.  It was just delicious.  Then onto the escargot.  Different than I expected as the escargot is stuffed into a mushroom cap. Still amazing.  Then had the veal marsala.  Oh.  I seriously could have licked the plate.  This is definitely a place I will revisit next time I'm here!it's super easy to overlook this place. it is right next to emeril's, after all.
the food was great, the service was great, and it was a very fitting place to have a new year's eve dinner. i didn't find the food to be too expensive -- i got the soft shell crab over pasta and it was delectable!How we happened upon this treasure  I'll  never know . . . I was parched, as so many are in that Nawlins  heat so we decided to pop in for some refreshments.  So glad we did Ellie served us up good old Southern hospitality. The best southern hospitality  I've ever had! She single handedly wore the Dj, mixologist, tour guide hat all with an enchanting  smile in an alluring setting.Had a company dinner here. Seafood appetizers and their signature oysters tommy were delicious. Food was slow to come out, entire dinner was about 4 hours long. Had the pompano and my wife had the redfish Capri. Both were okay but not especially exciting, the pompano was "fish in a bag" style and a little too rich for my liking.  Dessert was a fantastic bread pudding with pralines and bananas foster sauce. Overall decent but not especially exciting.Romantic and intimate. 
No reservations, just walked in. 
Myself, other patrons and staff were starring down a lady at a table next to me because of her loud cackle and obviously elevated voice level. She never got the hint, but we were all happy when she left. 
This is a nice restaurant people. Sotto voices please. I really don't care about your life enough to listen to you blab on about it next to me. ugh..... 
Other than that, the service was great.  My boyfriend ordered turtle soup (tastes like chicken) and we both order the duck. It's a large portion, so we had to take half of it home, but was good. 
After dinner, enjoy a drink at their ELEGANT bar next door!!Yet another great dinner in New Orleans....not 5 stars, but darn close! [Must confess that I was in a group of 8, but will only review my aspects of the meal.] Started the meal with appetizers for the table, both cold and hot, and my favorites were the oysters Tommy and Rockefeller. There were others that were good, but honestly I just don't remember what they were exactly. Moving on to the salad special for the night...it was an avacado with lump crabmeat, tomatoes, lettuce, and a dijon mustard based salad dressing - yummy! I got the pompano en papillote (or at least that's what I called it). It was pompano, crab (again, seems like they like to put crab on pretty much everything), and a cream sauce cooked within a paper pouch....wow, it was so rich and I ate every bite! So good! And yes, I even had dessert. The special dessert of the evening was a dark chocolate pecan pie - all my favorite sweets wrapped up in one dessert with a flaky crust - what's not to like! Finished with a cappuccino and a glass of port - and then they just rolled me out of the restaurant. Superior service, and excellent food - why not a 5 star - call me picky, but the red lights were just a bit much. I think if they were just to cut back on the lighting a bit it would improve the ambience so much - but I gotta say, don't change the food because it was great!Whenever someone asks if we can go to Lucy's, I always ask if we can go across the street to Tommy's instead.
This is one of the nicest and coziest spots in the city.  I have memories of coming here on Friday's in the late afternoon.  Me and some friends would look at the wine list and pick something that we had never heard of before.  Then we would just hang out and talk and catch up.  Day would turn into night and a woman would start singing with piano accompaniment, as the after dinner crowd started to file in.
Older men in untied ties would sit at the bar and have a glass or two and discuss their day.  There's just something amazingly "old school" about it.  You feel a little out of place, but not in a bad way.   
I would suggest Tommy's to anyone who is looking for a different bar experience.  Anyone who is looking for something a little more classic that your average watering hole.Service was spectacular in the beginning but once we got our food, our waiter and waitress disappeared for so long that by the time our friend was trying to switch out his food bc it was disgusting (Rockefeller oysters), we were already done eating. He decided to just get a side salad and they were kind enough to not charge him for either appetizers. The bus boys were on top of refilling water but that was pretty much it. 
Our waiter had served us some complimentary baked bruschetta and it was tasty. I ordered the duck salad and Tommy's oysters. They were both... Not good! The duck was SO SALTY and they just put too much cheese on the oysters that I thought I was eating Cheez-it. My bf got the Lamb a la Provencial and it was alright. The green beans were so salty, but the mash potatoes were delicious. The lamb... Was OK. Overall, we were all disappointed with our food. Money not well spent here!VERY attentive staff. It seemed that we were stared at the whole time. 
This white tablecloth, upscale Italian/Creole restaurant had delicious food. However, comparing the experience to the price, I won't be returning without a benefactor.The service was some of the worse I've had in my entire life. It took 45 mins for drinks that weren't alcohol. Took almost an hour to get our dinner order taken. The food was consistently cold. What was edible was over salted and I love salt. Will not be back much better places to spend my money in Nola. Our waiter must have been high because bussing the table he nodded off.I came here with my parents and my girlfriend's family on the evening of our graduation from Tulane University (05/16/2015). This was a Saturday evening reservation for 7:30pm. None of us were disappointed. Tommy's obviously is used to serving larger groups (There were 9 of us.), and thus everyone's drinks and entrees were delivered in a timely, yet properly spaced manner. The table shared a few different appetizers - mussels, crab ravioli (I believe) and oysters. All of this was delectable. For my entree and drink, I personally savored the raspberry glazed duck breast, and this was accompanied by a very pleasant Pinot Noir. The dirty rice and sweet potato shreds served with the duck were incredible! My wine only brought out the best in all of these flavors. Everyone at the table thoroughly enjoyed their selections - the seafood-stuffed eggplant, the soft-shell crab, the fish, and the lamb. The conversation was flowing, and the ambiance was classy, yet not pretentious. For dessert, my girlfriend and I split the tiramisu, and I sipped a nice espresso to accompany this. 
Overall, I really enjoyed this place. I almost want to give it 5 stars, but it didn't quite make it. The food wasn't cutting-edge, per se, and the New Orleans mystique wasn't quite reached. Nonetheless, this place is great, and I would definitely come back!
Food/Drink: 4.3/5  A
Service:  4.4/5  A 
Ambiance:  4.3/5  A
Value:   4.7/5 A plus (Very well-priced for the high quality) 
Overall: 4.4/5  AThe Avocado Salad stuffed with Lump Crab was amazing!!! Veal was fantastic!!! Overall, the food was very good... a little pricey for my taste... thankfully the company was picking up the tab!!Cozy wine bar in Warehouse District. A great escape from Bourbon Street. Good desserts.Had the Thanksgiving Special / Bread, Soup, Salad, entrée, Desert, Coffee, Bottle of Wine /everything was-great including the Price. 
Service was fantastic / can't say one thing bad....
Plus easy Parking during the Holiday....
Highly recommended / we will return....I enjoyed the ambiance and the live band. Very relaxing inside of this place. They only have two selections of malbec and were out of the one I ordered. It didn't ruin my time and she was polite about it. The key here is to get a group of friends that you enjoy actually talking to and bring them. I have not eaten the food, but it looks pricy but delicious. The staff is very friendly and the seats are comfortable. Relax and enjoy a glass, or bottle, of wine.Great place to park after a whole day of walking through noisy parts of town.  Definitely upscale place with good wine selection by the glass.  We were under-dressed with shorts and sandals but no one blinked an eye.Awesome Italian food. Free glass of wine for checking in. Had complimentary bruschetta as we waited. I had a seafood dish that was excellentA group of 8 of us came to Tommy's for a birthday dinner over Mardi Gras weekend. We'd been to Tommy's about four years ago together and made the trek back. We had a great time, the service was excellent, save the hostess acting like it was some sort of feat or bizarre request to use the candles I purchased for a birthday dessert. Surely birthday desserts can't be that uncommon. The oysters rockefeller were unlike any I've ever had in my experience eating oysters rockefeller, with some sort of herbed, almost frothy topping, but they were tasty. Our waiter, who's name I cannot recall but began with a V, was wonderful and attentive. All-in-all, excellent experience for a party as large as ours.How am I writing a first review here in New Orleans when I just moved here?  Did this place just open or something?  It's next door to and part of Tommy's Cuisine.  
I happened upon this place late on a Friday night after eating at Cochon's and I have to say I was really impressed with the find.  It reminded me of my favorite wine bar in Scottsdale called Kazimierz, with an underground wine cellar kind of feeling, all darkly lit with candles and lots of comfy places to sit.  There was even a live jazz band playing that night, which was a fantastic bonus.
According to their website, they boast "over 20 wines by the glass and over a 150 bottle selection, as well as a full service bar with an extensive cognac, scotch, and bourbon list."  I really only paid attention to the wine list, but I'll definitely be back to explore their bourbon list.  I guess they also have a bunch of cheeses and pates, plus the ability to order appetizers from the menu next door, which intrigues me.
My date and I ended up closing the place down.  I know that can be annoying to those working, but we couldn't help it.  We didn't want to leave!  It's a great little place located on the corner of Tchoup and Julia that I will certainly return to many more times.
Cin cin!Went to Tommy's with a group of 11 for my birthday.  They were very accomodating during the planning/reservation phase.  The food was delicious as usual.  We had  appetizer platters-hot and cold. Waiter says it is good for groups as you get a taste of almost all the appetizers.  Some of the entrees trout almondine, crabmeat sardeau, soft shell crab(large and delish),veal and eggplant, duck, fish special (fish overcooked). I loved the crabmeat sardeau filling but not too heavy.
My only complaint is that the waiter was a bit snotty! This is not the first time I have had a server who is a little condescending and not quite accomodating! I was enjoying my celebration so I disregarded his attitude. That being said in New Orleans where there are lots of restaurants with good food-service can be a difference maker. They need to lose the 'tude with some fo their servers!!
All in all we are repeat diners at Tommy's and find it a very good choice for special occasion dinners!In New Orleans for the NCAA games!  Relatives who live in  New Orleans took us to Tommy's Cuisine for dinner and it was everything they said it would be and more. Everything was great... service, ambiance, and food!  We had a white fish cooked in parchment paper (not on the menu) but wow-wow-wow!  It should be.  Wine list was perfect too!  Highly recommend this restaurant to any visitors or residents of NOLA.  Thanks for a great time.Went here for dinner & drinks on a girls' trip to NOLA. Friendly service, enormous wine selection, delicious food......what more could a girl ask for!?!?!Very touristy and gimicky. Food is ok, but 100% will never go back. So much better food in New Orleans don't waste your time here.I, along with 4 of my girlfriends, went to Tommy's for our annual holiday dinner. I always request to sit in Sam's area; however, Sam was off. Chris was a very good replacement, he was attentive and knowledgable about the menu. It's always nice to see Sergio, also. This was the ladies first time at Tommy's and they were pleased, but not over-the-moon, with their selections. I came to Tommy's with lamb chops on my mind, but learned that they'd been taken off...soon to return. The Pompano fish is always a hit; however, I tried the Veal Piccata, which was very tasty and filling. I didn't have room for my usual Creme Brulee. I highly recommend Tommy's.Came to visit friends here in New Orleans and they brought me to Tommy's. What can I say......absolutely amazing. Incredible atmosphere, friendly service and terrific food.  I had the Duck with asparagus,  WOW!!!
Will definitely come back for more...Tommy's is one of those classic New Orleans places you feel taken back in time a bit and expect some indulgence when it come to food.  For this visit I had fresh fish of the day with mâché choux and sweet potato.  The wait staff was all very prompt and professional to what is on the menu and what might go well with drinks.  The food was prepared as expected and tasted great.  No complaints at all and would try again.I was not overly impressed with this Italian restaurant. The food was decent, but I would not recommend it. There are many places in New Orleans that are much better.Worst experience in NOLA. Had to wait for a table after we made reservations. After receiving our appetizer, the waitress was MIA and never came back to our table. After over 30 minutes we finally flagged her down hand asked about our entrees and she gave an excuse of how busy they were. We told her to tab us out and left. For the prices, we expect a higher level of service. Will not return.Tommys old Italian restaurant. Food was ok, service superb. Loved the waiter he was very welcoming with a great sense of humor. The food was ok but I wasn't that impressed. Had a Cosmo that the waiter recommended and it was cool can't remember what kind it was.  The fish that I ordered was very bland but everything else was ok. Not in a rush to go back kind of anticipated it to be a little more modern and it seems as though the cut corners on the quality of the food.Fine service but chicken was overcooked and lettuce had brown ends. If I'm ordering from a cafeteria I'm ok with that but from a five star...  Wine was great and I liked the atmosphere but food was disappointing.  I had dessert too which was also only ok. Atmosphere, wine and service are strengths.   Food is weakness.Tommy's is sexy!! Casual comfort for a nice intimate time to relax alone or with friends. Candlelight, music, and a nice selection of beverages in an excellent location.Service was excellent, everyone working there was on top of their game. We ordered turtle soup, special - crabmeat au gratin, veal marsala, bread pudding and a bottle of wine. We enjoyed everything, it came out hot and in a timely manner. After dinner, we went next door and had some drinks. It's the same owners , NOSH. Looking forward to coming back to Tommy's for dinner.Fabulous experience, start to finish. We'd never been steered away from our initial choices by a waiter before, but Wayne's tips were invaluable. Everything was perfectly timed and wonderful.
-oysters bienville
- avocado w/crab
- duck
- chocolate almond mousse
Mmmmmmmmmm....My mother and I are in NOLA for the weekend.  We like to eat well when we travel- to us, getting to know a city is getting to know its food.  We chose Tommy's after seeing many good reviews. 
The atmosphere is warm and friendly, and our waiter, Steve, tried very hard.  Unfortunately, the food was very disappointing.  
Actually, the food was awful, so we didn't eat it.  Steve, our waiter, felt terrible and tried to get us to order something else.   Then the owner not come over demanding we tell him what happened (I think Steve had requested that the restaurant not charge us).  We were reluctant to insult the food, especially publicly, so we simply said "it was just not what we are accustomed to and not to our taste."  The owner responded with "Good, so it's just you, the food is PERFECT!" stalked off, and proceeded to charge us for the meal in full.  
It was the owner's "It's PERFECT" declaration that really bothers me.  Of course the food wasn't perfect!  We were being polite and trying not to make a scene!  So, here's my review of exactly what I thought of the food...
On Steve's recommendation we ordered the Duck and the Fresh Fish Filet.  
My mother and I both love duck and fish and have had them at many wonderful restaurants all over the world (La Tour D'Argent, La Bernadin, Wedholms Fisk to name just a few), so we really know and appreciate what duck and fish should taste, feel, and look like when they are well prepared.  And I will add, we like them prepared in many different ways.
Unfortunately, both the duck and the fish here were inedible, and I suspect, would have made us sick had we eaten them.  I will elaborate...
The duck was dry and almost had a funny texture (almost what you'd get from smoking it).  When it first came out, my mother asked me if it was raw because of the odd texture, but the color was dark all the way through, so I do believe it was cooked.   Perhaps it was frozen and defrosted?  Might that have changed the color and texture?  I don't know.  The sauce, which is described in the menu as a "razzberry reduction" was really a heavy barbecue sauce with chopped nuts in it that seemed to be dumped over the dry duck (not deglazed as the menu says).  It came with wild rice and shoestring potatoes.  My mother said the wild rice reminded her of "zatarain" boxed rice.  The potatoes were dry and cold (I do not believe they are made to order).   
My fish (which Steve had described as tasty, but not fishy white fish) was described in the menu as sautéed with shrimp in a beurre blanc sauce with corn.  It came out mushy, fishy tasting, and smothered in a heavy butter sauce that reminded me of a dish I once had a Bubba Gump's that left me spending the night in my bathroom.  The corn was fine, but reminded me of something that came out of a can and was doctored a bit.  My plate also had a large helping of the nasty shoestring sweet potatoes.
So that's it.  Really disappointing meal and I would strongly suggest that you choose to eat at another establishment.  But, if you do end up going here for dinner, and Steve's your waiter, please give him our regards, he really did try.Came here as a group of 5 on a busy Saturday night at Halloween. This is an upscale place and we were the only diners dressed up! Our server James was great and had a good sense of humour and endless patience. We ordered the mixed appetisers to start but James hadn't explained to us that this consisted principally of oysters and none of us really liked them so that was a bit of a waste. I had the veal piccata which came with all kinds of extras but unfortunately was very salty so i didn't enjoy it that much and could only manage half of it. However everyone was very pleased overall with the experience and I would definitely return.Taking it down a few notches. Not what it used to be at all. The signature duck tchoupitoulas barely has spinach and no shoe string sweet potatoes. I will go back to Irene's only and suggest all who read this do the same. This is no longer the real Tommy's. Don't think Tommy has any control of this kitchen anymore.People find Tommy's Cuisine lots of different ways - they couldn't get a table at Emeril's, they wanted Creole Italian and weren't willing to wait in line at Irene's, or they simply walked past on their way back from the Convention Center.  But however they find it, they're always pleased with the result - classic Creole Italian perfection.  And you will be, too.  I believe that their red gravy (New Orleans for red sauce) is prepared using a recipe straight from heaven.  My favorite is the escargots in mushroom caps appetizer.  The restaurant is larger than it looks, but with lots of small rooms, and is perfect for large business dinners.My mother and I are in NOLA for the weekend. We like to eat well when we travel- to us, getting to know a city is getting to know its food. We chose Tommy's after seeing many good reviews. 
Our waiter, Steve, tried very hard. Unfortunately, the food was very disappointing. We ordered the Duck and the Fresh Fish Filet. 
My mother and I have had eaten duck and fish at many wonderful restaurants all over the world (La Tour D'Argent, La Bernadin, Wedholms Fisk, to name just a few), so we know what duck and fish should taste, feel, and look like when well prepared.
Both the duck and the fish here were inedible, and I suspect, would have made us sick had we eaten them. I will elaborate... The duck had a funny texture (like it was smoked). The sauce, which is described in the menu as a "razzberry reduction" was really a heavy barbecue sauce with chopped nuts. It came with wild rice and shoestring sweet potatoes. My mother said the wild rice reminded her of "zatarain" boxed rice. The potatoes were dry and cold (I do not believe they are made to order). My fish was described as sautéed with shrimp in a beurre blanc sauce with corn. It came out mushy, fishy tasting, and swimming in a heavy butter sauce much like something you'd get at a place like Bubba Gump's. The corn was fine seemed out of a can. 
When we asked for the check, Steve, our waiter, felt terrible and told the owner, who demanded an explanation and then proclaimed that "it's just you, the food is PERFECT!" He proceeded to charge us for the meal in full. 
So that's it. Really disappointing meal and I would strongly suggest that you choose to eat at another establishment. But, if you do end up going here for dinner, and Steve's your waiter, please give him our regards, he really did try.So, we had an 8:30 reservation and arrived on time and were seated. By 9:30 we were asking around to see if we were going to have our order taken. Order was taken about 5 min later. The food came - slowly. Everyone was satisfied with their meal. We then ordered after dinner drinks. The bartender was unable to make Stinger and unable to pour me an Amaretto on the rocks. The most annoying thing was that when I said that what I got was not Amaretto, he gave me attitude like I'm stupid and don't know what it tastes like!  Worst service ever!!  
Dinner was finally over at 11:30. Won't be back soon.Great food! Our waitress was very nice and service was great. Appetizers were great, got the oysters Tommy and gumbo. For entree, I ordered the soft shell crab over linguine and it was AMAZING! I would love to come back here and order the same exact meal. For dessert we had the tiramisu and bread pudding. My favorite was the bread pudding since it had a bananas foster twist to it. Highly recommend this restaurant!We were in New Orleans for a conference and Tommy's Cuisine was just a few blocks away from our hotel, so we thought we would try it for dinner.  This was a great decision because the the place was great.  First of all the ambience very warm and inviting, the service was friendly, and the food was absolutely delicious.  We had a sampler of three different kinds of oysters for an appetizer:  all  three were good but the oysters bienville were amazing.  We also had a fabulous veal marsala.   Wish I lived here so I could come more often.The food, the service was so wonderful! We ordered the Escargot, fantastic! And the fish capri is so good, light and comfortable. Will be back once in townYou know what? I love Tommy's Wine Bar. I reread my review from last year and I think that the fact that I was on an excruciatingly uncomfortable first date might have marred my first impressions. 
I compare it to a swank gentleman's club-like, but I might have been hasty in that description. The interior is so posh, so dark, I think it lends itself more to a secret celebration rather than a dated experience you'd have to suffer alongside your hard-to-please parents (FYI, my working class Olive Garden-loving parents would not like it here. I'm talking high brow sophisticated parents that exist out there. You know who you are). 
In short,Tommy's is the perfect date night spot - well, maybe not first date or blind date (see previous note), but definitely long term partner date night material! I like tucking away into one of the sets of chaise chairs (I think I just made that up) and feel like you have the entire place to yourself. And on a weeknight, that may indeed be the case because it's never packed with people unlike some other wine bars in town!
On my last two visits, I was thoroughly charmed by the bar staff. My first visit had a stuffy, slightly off-putting gentleman waiting on me and I felt like he might have been kinda judgy. It's OK, he fit in with what I thought was the vibe then. My most recent visits have been different and the last time we had the nicest waitress that was just that perfect combination of helpful and attentive without being overbearing.
Extensive wine list, small plates and salads, the feeling you're like semi-precious stones tucked away inside a velvet jewel box... Tommy's is my #1 in the Warehouse District!What a wonderful dining experience. We had a group of 10, and the service was impeccable. The bruschetta was nice. Several fish specials were available and they were a big hit. When it was time for dessert, there was no tiramisu left but Sergio came to the rescue and made a fresh batch for the party. Wonderful!As always this establishment has met our total expectations. Over the years they have been very consistent with great food, our visit last night was no different. We started with "the sampler" a collection of oysters Bienville and Rockefeller, grilled oysters, clams, shrimp and lump crabmeat ball- cooked perfectly. Wine selection is wide and varied; but stayed with the house offerings which are really pleasant. Main course of grilled drum in a burre blanc sauce, cooked perfectly. I departed from the regular side offering and asked for a lighter vegetable side- they offered steamed spinach with great preparation and flavor. The food here again - creative great authentic 'Nawlins fare. Service- superb.Our server James was fantastic and ever accommodating!  The food (Veal Parmesan) was cooked perfectly!  Highly recommended when in Nola!OMG!!! The best bread pudding i ever had!!! Service was great.
Made reservations but had to wait a little but they made it up.  They comp our appetizer. And took care of us.Tommy's offers a classic New Orleans dining experience. I've been here a few times, and it's been consistenly very good.  Try the Oysters Tommy and/or the Crabmeat Canape.  I've had the Duck Tchoupitoulas and the Filet of Fish Maison (which was Drum, if I remember correctly.) Both were prepared with great thought and care, very flavorful and worth the money.  Service is very good, and the atmosphere is classy yet very comfortable.  My first time there, my waiter looked and acted like a waiter from a cartoon, complete with moustache, a towel draped over his arm, an affable personality and honest recommendations.  He reminded me of the waiters at Antoine's and Galatoire's- professionals- and I wish I could remember his name so I could ask for him next time.  Someone please tell me who he is!If you're looking for oustanding Creole and Italian food near the French Quarter, skip Cafe Giovanni and go to Tommy's. The baked oyster and pasta dishes are outstanding, and the place really feels like its in Italy. Locals love Tommy's, with good reason.Amazing food. Found it after getting lost. Bread great. Food fresh and so lovely. I was blown away.This place sat us on a Saturday night when all the other places were booked solid. We arrived around 6:30 and they said 40 min and had a table in 15 minutes. The food was great, great service. Wonderful appetizers, the food took a bit do to the busy night but it was worth it.Was in a bit of a rush when I went here in order to make it to a play at The Saenger, but still ended up having a great meal. I absolutely LOVED the fish I got. It was the Fish Capri Chef Special and the fish that day was drum. It's topped with crawfish, crabmeat and artichoke hearts with a lemon butter burre blanc sauce -- it was DIVINE and JUST what I was in the mood for - light, not overly rich, but very filling. To say that meal hit the spot is an understatement. It'd be hard to convince myself to get another entree when going back. My friend got the Crabmeat Au Gratin and it was great too. We got a cheese plate to start with and while I love cheese and two of them were great - I've had better cheese plates. 
Looking forward to going back.I want the veal topped with crabmeat as my last meal!!!
Then set another plate of the same with me in my coffin!!!
There are a lot of great places to eat in NOLA!!!
I don't think you can improve on this place!!!Everything from our escargot appetizer to our tiramisu dessert was excellent.  The service was unbeatable.  My girlfriend was not satisfied with her entree and it was quickly replaced with something else from the menu at no extra charge.  We had a fantastic experience.  I would love to go back.I went to Tommys with a group of 3 on the recommendation of the hotel concierge.  We were in town for a convention and it was a short walk to get her.  I really liked the ambiance of the restaurant - very old school.
We started off with some of the oyster appetizers which were great - Tommys special and Rockefeller.  The one thing that I will say the waiter did not take our entree order until we were done eating the appetizer.  We were not in a hurry but I like things to flow when Im out to eat.
For dinner I went with the duck on the recommendation of the person sitting at the table next to me.  They were locals and eat here often.  They didnt steer me wrong - it was fantastic.
Great spot to go - off the beaten path.The waiter recommended the smoked duck salad. We ordered it and it was awesome!! I highly recommend. We were pleased with the rest of our food and the atmosphere of the restaurant. The wood work is beautiful.This is one of the nicest spots in the Warehouse district and I've always enjoyed myself here.  As the name implies they have a nice selection of wines while also offering a good choice in beer and spirits.  They have a comfortable bar along with table seating.  If your looking to escape the normal bar scene and want a more sophisticated and civilized location then this is your place.Came in to Tommy's for dinner because it was walking distance from my hotel, and the pictures on Yelp looked delicious. My server (an older gentleman) was super nice and friendly. I was dining alone and was seated right away. It was dark inside, so I had to bring my menu into the light to read it. The food...Sadly, i left disappointed. Maybe I just ordered the wrong dish for myself?
I ordered a half dozen oysters, and was able to do the sampler flavor (so 2 of each one). I prefer raw oysters over cooked ones, so this opinion may be more biased. I didn't like it. It tasted mushy like the toppings, and i did not see oysters.
I love soft shell crab and pasta, so their soft shell crab and linguine sounds like the perfect dish for me. It was a big portion, and also a heavy dish. It was edible, but not great nor terrible. Left a lot to be desired.I went here while on a business trip, and there was a group of us.  I thought the restaurant handled our group quite well - no complaints on the service.
Dayum, the food was good.  Garlic, butter, cream sauces - all the high-cholesterol, fatty foods that I dearly love - delicious and steaming hot.
Of course, all this good stuff comes at a price - it ain't no cheap date!Was here for a late dinner with a large group (20+) and was well taken care of -- Manuel was our waiter and was great fun. Mixed appetizer plate was chock full of goodness (great crabcakes). I had veal piccata and was very pleased. Desserts were really good as well. Great find.Trés chic! 
My favorite bar I visited during my short stay in NOLA. We came here after dinner at Tommy's next door. Upscale, classy, warm, rich, elegant. Everything I love! And when i went there was NOBODY in there. I didn't get it!
One snafu, the bartender quoted a price of my boyfriend's port at a different price than he charged us. I let him know and he kindly changed it. 
Love love love this spot. Definitely have a late business meeting or romantic drink here. 
Wish a place like this could exist in LA. But alas, pretentious owners and pretentious patrons would ruin it. 
Stop here for a drink if you're in NOLA.Very efficient wait staff.   Food was overall flavorful, however my fish special was bland, at best.   My wife's Veal Picatta was outstanding.   Dimly lit restaurant.    I kept squinting.   I felt it was good but not worth the $100+ we dropped for 2 people.My wife and i were dined here several weeks ago based on a recommendation from our hotel.  The food and service was fantastic!   My wife and I had the Veal which was superb.   We're going back soon!Went last night with a group for the first time.  The food was so good,  order the appetizer sampler not on the menu.  It was great.  I got the pompano and my boyfriend the Capri, we both cleaned our plates.  He loved the turtle soup although I was not a fan.  The bread pudding was really good.Loved everything about Tommy's. We stopped in on a late quiet Thursday evening. From the greeter to Sam our waiter and his colleagues, it couldn't have been a better homey Italian bistro experience. Our son is in his first semester as a freshman at Tulane and of course we will be back a lot so it's nice to find a spot we like in the Arts District near the Convention Center and the quarter. Emeril's is just down the street a half block. Must have Tommy's oyster appetizers!  The Bienville were out of this world. We tried the Rockefeller and Tommy's variety also. Tommy's oysters had pancetta cheese and roasted peppers and they were ok. Rockefeller had mounds of spinach and an interesting spice; very different version that you'll like a lot . We weren't super hungry so we shared a Veal Piccatta; mouth watering!  Must try if you are a veal or lemon dish lover. Veal was pounded perfectly thin and not a lot of breading; just enough. The light velvety lemon sauce was perfect. Fresh green beans on the side were crisp and tasty. The pasta with it was so simple it was profound; light buttery garlic sauce on what seemed like homemade linguini (if it wasn't I want to know where they got it!). Sam our waiter was delightful to talk to. It was a quiet evening near closing time and we learned all about the history of the restaurant. It is a dark wood place with maroon wallpaper and old dishes and patron pictures on the walls. Could have been Little Italy. 14 years in business and a hangout for celebs when they are here filming movies. "But everyone is a celeb at Tommy's." - SamDear Management-
I am not going to parse words, I was completely disappointed and wasted an evening at Tommy's Cuisine.  When I visit New Orleans I always select restaurants with careful attention, as visiting the city is a unique opportunity to partake in some of the world's best prepared food.  
First the service.  Wow, quite rough.  It can best be summed up with the way the waitress asked for the meal order, "fish or meat?", that was it.  As part of a group of 25 people I can understand the need for expediency, but just walking from guest to guest saying "fish or beef" made us feel like I we were at a refugee camp instead of a restaurant in one of the dining Mecca's of the world.  Aside from Wallace, who took to his first day on the job with alacrity, I would rate the service as far below that which I would expect from anything but your local truck stop.  I am not even trying to be hyperbolic.
Ok, the meal.  I slogged through a soggy salad, a mediocre steak (that was cooked at medium instead of the ordered medium rare) and an uninspired pecan pie.  I must say, the uninspired pecan pie was better than the completely melted ice cream the rest of the party received.  Just because we were part of a large party doesn't mean we didn't deserve decent food.  
If I were ownership or management I would be completely and utterly embarrassed by the service and food that was presented to the party I was part of.  I have worked in kitchens and waited tables, so I get it, big parties can be tricky.  However, you have to be professional and bring your A game to everything you do.  
I do have to say I loved the ambiance of both the main restaurant and the private room: upscale, romantic, real candles, etc.  Very warm and inviting.
There are plenty of other places to go to in New Orleans, I will prioritize those over this establishment in the future.Excellent service! Service, food & setting.
Especially, Steve the waiter. He catered to my dietary needs. All the other folks who worked there were soooo polite. I will return!Food was great!  Duck was dry but everything else was excellent!  Nice ambience and knowledgeable waitstaff.Excellent food and service On a famous new Orleans street.   The escargot was high quality and the fish is served with bones.   Nice romantic environment but a bit pricey.Tommy's is a nice intimate dining environment with good service.  The lighting is a bit too low to read the menu easily so you might need to use some extra lighting. Everything but the sides served with entrees average around a four star here.  You start off with very nice complimentary bruschetta served along with bread and butter.  The baked oysters are one of the best things here and hover around a five star experience.  The appetizers here really shine as some of the best items on the menu.
The biggest disappointments I've had  here have been some of the sides served with the entrees.  The broccoli is served as a huge piece that has to be cut up into edible portions; the julienned sweet potatoes would be much better as mashed, the brabant potatoes were very dry and needed some butter or other sauce.  Another observation is that the coffee they serve here is among the weakest I've ever had and I really found it to be too weak for my taste.
Unfortunately for a fine dining experience this is also a very popular spot with the tourists and that has virtually eliminated any semblance of a dress code here so expect to see dinner guests wearing all sorts of extremely causal dress here.  Overall this has the potential to be a four or five star fine dining experience with just a few tweaks but at their price point I've got several other favorites I would prefer to frequent.  If you're in the area and want a convenient meal in a nicer environment this is an acceptable option.  Get the baked oysters and you will be happy.I like this place for a glass of wine in the evening before going out to dinner.Best atmosphere in the city for a terrific Italian meal.  Great wine, great food, great service, great atmosphere.  Very laid back and very good!Located in the nostalgic warehouse district. Tommy's Wine Bar is a refreshing place to enjoy casual conversation, drinks, nice ambiance and food. There is also a widescreen tv, that is used during games. The place is phenomenal. I would give it 5 stars but it's a little cold in there. Yeah cold even in 101 degree weather. There is also a nice outside area that you can use to have a drink or eat.Very festive right now with a great ambiance. We stopped Sunday for dinner and really enjoyed the experience. The duck was great!!!Nice bad, friendly staff, pretty good selection of drinks and wines by the glass. A ok.Don't waste your time. Google/Zagat told me this place would be great and Yelp told me it would be pretty good...Look's like Yelp was more accurate. The service was friendly but i'm all about the food and it was disappointing. I mean, it's good quality and all that but I was not blown away and I know there are other places in Nola that will blow me away...truth hurts?Updated review:
Steve is the name of that caricature of a waiter, and he's a perfectionist.  He scans the dining room like an owl, acutely aware of everything that's going on.  Service is still 5 stars- attentive, but unobtrusive- the way it should be.
Unfortunately, they got knocked down from 5 stars to 4.  For the first time, my food was not incredible.  It was still good, but it didn't wow me like it usually does. The Oysters Tommy was a slightly over-baked, and my drum needed to be seasoned more thoroughly.  Maybe they were having a slightly off night.  Now, my dining partner had the Veal Sorrentina (veal layered with prosciutto, eggplant, and mozzarella, topped with a mushroom marsala sauce,) which was worthy of 5 stars.  Overall, it wasn't a disaster, so I'll still be going back.  It was just somewhat below what I expect of Tommy's.  I just hope it was isolated and won't become a trend.My husband and I went to dinner on Friday night and fell in love with Tommy's. What a great restaurant.  Our waiter David was excellent - we didn't have to wait for drinks, the atmosphere is romantic and the food is out of this world.
We split a salad, oysters and a shrimp and pasta dish.  All of it was excellent.
We can't wait to go back.  
We didn't have a reservation and were able to walk right in and get a table - we did arrive early.  It was around 6:30.Really good Italian restaurant in the Warehouse District.
Highly recommend!I went here for a friend's birthday and I was not disappointed. The restaurant is fancy, but affordable. It does not break the bank if you want to treat yourself for an evening. The staff were very friendly and on top of their duties with refilling our beverages, removing plates, and getting us new ones. 
As for the food, it was impeccable! I had the Duck Tchoupitoulas. The duck was tender and flavorful; basically cooked to perfection. The rice pilaf was a great accompaniment to the duck. The plate was well proportioned and presented, I ate the whole thing. Tommy's also served us hot bread in the beginning with a tasty chili olive oil. 
Overall, I had a wonderful time celebrating a friend's birthday is a beautiful establishment and incredible food. I will return again!I absolutely LOVE Tommy's.  I come to an annual party here every year and always look forward to it because I love the atmosphere and vibe here.  It's so relaxing to hang out and chill with friends with a nice glass of wine (or scotch!)  The food here is also usually pretty good, though I think of Tommy's as an after-dinner place rather than a full meal place.  Anyway, whether you're looking to just relax and wind down, or hang out with old friends, or go on a nice date, Tommy's has you covered.This is an amazingly good place.  We went with about 30 people and they served us promptly, kept the drinks flowing, and got the food out in great time.  And the food was amazing.  The drink suggestions were unique (try the Lemon Drop).  A three hour event felt effortless and fun.  We would definitely go back.The whole experience was wonderful. We went with a group of about 20 people and I think everybody walked away raving about their meals. Hands-down, the best turtle soup I've ever had in my life!Partying in New Orleans can be exhausting and it is nice to know a place like Tommy's exists. Located in the Warehouse District, Tommy's Wine Bar is adjacent to Tommy's restaurant and provides a classy, low key, cosmopolitan lounge in the midst of the hustle and bustle that is the New Orleans party scene. 
Service is on point,and the general manager, Will, has put together a nice wine list, as well as micro-brews and aged single malt scotches. He is a certified sommelier and is willing to take the time to explain the different beverages to even the most novice wine drinker, making him/her feel at home. Bartenders here are also friendly and the atmosphere is comfortable and relaxing. This place is a great alternative to the touristy stops along the way in New Orleans and is much appreciated by this customer.Well to start, my daughter kicked off and screamed loudly for about three minutes, which was unusual & rather embarrassing  for us (at 6pm, few customers in the place). We were all back to normal very quickly. Staff served quickly. Starters were great. Mains were below average, tasteless, mushy, odd sauces  (not as you would expect). The vegetables were positively murdered.
My main disappointment was that they brought out the second course while we were still eating the first, trying to jam the plates in the gaps around us. Trying to get us out? Our daughter was not being a hindrance at that time, or after. Oh yeah, it would be polite to ask if we want another bottle of wine after you take the empty & if we wanted desert. But FU! An expensive unpleasant evening with bland buffet style food. I most seriously don't recommend this resteraunt. Also what's with the red spotlights?4.5 Stars. Could not tell from the outside but this place is huge. We had a group of 14 and were taken through what felt like a maze until we got to our private room. Very classy place, The main dining room looked very nice, intimate, dimly lit. Our room was nicely decorated away from the main room as this was a boisterous bachelor party. The service was impeccable, we had an excellent team serving us and they were very accommodating. We asked if they could pipe in some musics and right away we heard Sinatra crooning in the background. The drinks were spot on hand crafted fair. Extensive wine list as well.
Our waiter recommended we get a few appetizer samplers as we had such a large group and that was a great idea as we all had a little taste of several items before the main course. 
The food was excellent. I had the duck which is one of their specialities and it was damn good and surprising the portion size was more than I expected. The lamb, fish, steak and all the rest were tasty.
As I said this was 14 guys for a bachelor party and we were loud and rowdy and we never had one complaint to keep it down, our servers seemed to think we were very amusing as well.
This is a great spot, I highly recommend it.Average!
Nice environment, good servers, average food.  For the amount you pay it's not worth it. My lamb chops were so small and fatty that I still left hungry. The oysters are topped with so much other food that you can't even taste them. 
I gave a thee star because of service and dessert, dark chocolate pecan pie...amazing.Beautiful place , amazing food to melt over.  Fabulous selection in wine with a atmosphere to match. Love this placeFantastic food and wine. I went here for my birthday dinner and had the best time with friends. We had a wonderful waitress and excellent customer service all around. Beautiful restaurant and food. The food tastes amazing. I had the Pollo de Parma (Chicken Parmesan). It was flavorful and filling. I had enough to take home and eat for breakfast the next morning.Had dinner earlier this week with customers the food and service were spot on! The water was attentive, knowledgable and humorous without being intrusive.  Everyone loved the food.  You can tell, it got really quiet for a while with only a few oh man is this ever good comments to be heard.  I liked the ambiance as well.  I had the veal special can't remember the name but man was it good.  Medallions pounded flat in a lemon butter something with capers.  Next time  I'm in NOLA as Arnold would say "I'll be back".Wife and I in at 8pm, great service, shared avocado salad, fish capri with a final touch crem  brûlée. Wow! Don't wait, make a reservation and enjoy!Oooooofa - Steve is our waiter.  
He is very helpful, friendly and kind.  He also izza talian.  Dis is important  -  imma Sicilian and love southern, rustic Italian food.   I cook in my house - so its very important to me dat I order menu items dat I normally don't cook OR not comfortable cookin.
Here we go:  Turtle soup.  jesus, mary & joseph = out freakinstanding. Cooked to perfection wit liddle chunks of turtle.  Rustic  - rich flavor -  LOVED IT
Veal Picatta + crab and Proscuitt  "where imma from we don't saya da "O"  some pasta inna da white rich buttery cream sauce wit some capers, Crab, Veal -   wuz mazin / phagetaboutit.  
Udder guyz order Fish Pappiotte & gumbo.  Dis dish is almost indescribable:  you can taste each of the fishes: oysters, crab, fish anna da sauce (momma mia) dis izza a rich dish dat you must take your time eatin.
THIS FOOD WAS SOO good I hadda go into da kitchen anna tell da chef dat I loved him anna hizza fooda!!!
Youz guyz really gottit going.  also, dey gotta dark room. A bright room - anna medium lit room
real old school and REALL good.
If you aint talian den go somewhere else.  cause you'll do nuttin but imbarrras your self.
Keep up the great work and see ya the next time I'm in town for a sit down.  ciao - grazieThe lamb was spectacular and the potatoes were like nothing I have ever had before (quite zesty for those with a bland palette). 
Even though the listing stated that the restaurant is not child friendly the staff went out of their way to accommodate our party with the "rug rats".  Initially we were placed next to a raucous table but the loud obnoxious blonde was really too much. We could not carry on a conversation because of the shrill laughter. Without being at all phased, the staff moved us to a quieter table.
Everyone loved their entrees, especially the crab. The veal was not the biggest hit though. 
Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant.This restaurant today is still maintaining the high level of service and culinary delights as it  has over the years. The ambiance, music, service, food selection and wine list continue to provide all that is needed for a Five Star rating.
Although I did not use the service it appears to have Valet parking available for the guests. Background music is soothing and non intrusive. And the Rest Rooms are cleaned and well maintained. 
Service was professionally provided by René and Sam. They made the evening much more than just having a nice dinner. Attentive, not overbearing, and with a fantastic recommendation of a new wine was most appreciated. Especially since the wine tasted better and cost less than what was about to be ordered. 
The wine selection was a Laetitia Pinot Noir. Bounced around the tongue just right with the veal and the seafood.
The appetizer that rang my bell was an Avocado Crab dish. Made you almost want to order two or three of them and call it a night. 
There was a race as to the Veal Picatta with Crab and the Veal Sorrentina. The Veal Picatta was a special and the Sorrentina is on the regular menu. The Sorrentina got my vote. It is Pan seared veal with prosciutto, eggplant and mozzarella. And some other items that have you cutting your veal in smaller and smaller pieces to enjoy it in an attempt to make the meal last longer. 
All enjoyed in a not rush atmosphere with great service and a good Italian feeling to the experience. Dessert was Cappuccino and a taste of Nocello. 
This restaurant continues to have my Seal of Approval!I ate at this place 10 years ago and did not have a good experience but decided to give it another chance because well, it was 10 years. I thought they may have gotten another chef. I believe in giving second chances. It was just bland. The Oysters Rockefeller we're terrible.  It was just a pile of gunk and the pan fried fish was absolutely tasteless. It couldn't even be salvaged with hot sauce. There are so many wonderful places to eat in New Orleans Please don't waste your time or money on bland and that is what you are going to get at Tommy's. This is the first time I have ever felt compelled to write a review.With all of the great food in New Orleans, Tommy's was a little bit of a disappointment.  Great atmosphere and service, but the food was generally lacking.  The turtle soup was pretty standard.  Nice spice to it, but the turtle was cut up a little too small.  My main, the drum, was very overcooked.  Almost tough.  I've had the drum at almost every NOLA restaurant I've been to and this was the worst.  It could have been good (i.e., nice preparation), but overcooked fish (it was almost tough to chew) just doesn't work for me.  And it wasn't just me.  My friend's drum was extremely overcooked and chewy as well.  That just must be how they do it here.  My dessert, the sorbet, was nice and refreshing.  Don't think I'll be back.Let me start by saying that I went for a company's dinner, so we had a special and reduced menu. 
The attention was excellent, and the room where we had dinner was vintage and beautiful. I was impressed with how big the place is. They have several rooms in the back for private events.
My favorite part of the food was the Shrimp and Corn bisque that I had for the first course. The Caesar salad that followed was OK, it had an off-the-shelf dressing.
My entree was the chicken Clemenceau, and it had nothing special to it. The chicken was very thin, so I actually found it a little dry. The other entree option was the Veal Marsala, and the meat looked rather thin as well.
The dessert was a complete disappointment. The only option we had was Banana Foster, which turned out to be two scoops of vanilla ice cream with 3 small slices of banana.We were visiting from out of town and our hotel made us a reservation, we had our young son with us. They staff was really nice but the restaurant isnt really kid friendly. I recommend going here on a date night. The food was tasty.Food is par at best and somewhat overpriced.  Fresh fish was poorly cooked and accompanied by home fries and a bland piece of partially steamed broccoli. Gumbo was a 6/10. Avocado salad consisted of half of an unripened avocado with bland crabmeat riddled with crab shells. 
We live and learn. No need to go back.My husband and some friends of ours went to Tommy's a few weeks ago. First of all it was not my first time here but I have not been in a long while. I think a huge red flag that this might have not been a good dinner suggestion was that it was pretty empty on a Friday night.
My food was so underwhelming that I forgot what I had. Needless to say it was a huge disappointment. On a positive the service was pretty good though.Excellent dining experience!  My husband had the oysters rock and I had the crab appetizer - both were spectacular.  For our entrees I had the duck and he had veal - both were excellent as well.  The atmosphere is great and our waiter, Sam, made our dining experience even better.  We will return to this restaurant soon.Came here for Christmas dinner and had the calamari,spaghetti and meatballs, and Black Forest cake. All were excellent. I found our waiter to be grumpy and charming at the same time. After one table had finished their appetizer they inquired about the entree and the waiter said that they don't make it before the appetizer is finished. Do you want it fresh or quick?So, Tommy' Cuisine. My last night in New Orleans wanting something special. I read all of the reviews for several restaurants. Review for Tommy's we're okay. Chosen as it was within walking distance. THE BEST FOOD EVER!! I would highly recommend this establishment. Food excellent. Waiters and waitresses excellent. Definitely a five star.Just about everything contributed to a wonderful experience. Ancient and elegant environment, fabulous food, well-dressed waitstaff so ingrained in the place they probably have no idea there's an outside world.
I arrived early for dinner as I was heading to a concert that evening. No reservations, just walked in and found the hostess smiling and immediately accommodating. 
From the get-go Tommy's got it right. My martini was perfection. The waiter brought me an excellent amuse bouche bruschetta. My appetizer was the only glitch in the evening. I chose the Oysters Tommy, baked with Romano cheese, pancetta, & roasted red pepper. The flavor was just fine, but I found the oysters surprisingly small and some of them even tough, especially for the fall when oysters start coming into their prime.
The entree was a home run: Veal Sorrentina. Pan seared veal layered with prosciutto, eggplant, & mozzarella, topped with a green onion & mushroom marsala sauce. Heaven on a plate. I surreptitiously used my bread to clean the plate in the manner your mother admonished you never to do. Couldn't help myself. 
Wine list is really quite good, and the Primitivo I chose with my veal was just right, at not so bad a price per glass. 
As my dinner progressed as did the time, the place started to fill very nicely, a testament to its popularity one surmises. I was on foot in the Warehouse district this evening so have no idea about parking, but did note valets out front.
Frankly, I can't wait to go back.Best food I had during my entire stay in New Orleans. The hostess was attentive and friendly, and quickly showed me to my table. The decor, while eclectic, works very well in the evening with the dim lighting. Server was exceptional, friendly, and knowledgeable. Oysters Bienville was absolutely superb, and the veal special was outstanding as well. An absolute treat.  Of all the places recommended to me in New Orleans, this is the one I'd actively seek to go back to.Service was good, setting is nice. But I got sick after I ate here. Not sure if it was the oysters or something else...I actually want to give it 3 1/2 stars, but could not offer 4.  I enjoyed the setting, and felt the the meal was good, but the main veal course lacked creativity.  We did love the duck salad - 5 stars.  I was disappointed when my server returned my change with big bills that forced me towards a 30% tip.  The service was solid, but not that good.  Oh, and he also picked up his tip before we left the table.  Boo!Great Italian food.  Nice, quiet and romantic.  Refreshing change, especially if you're looking for a break from noisy Burbon Street.  Big thumbs up!Very poor service starting right from the onset 
Hostess could not find reservation  very animated and young!  8:15 reservation.  Food order not taken until 9p. Salads at 9:30 meals at 10p 
Waiter hard to understand.  Food cold. I corrected. Veal dry, stuffed eggplant was suppose to have crab really only breadcrumbs 
Green beans. Old mixed w new  checks all messed up 
I wish I could have something positive!  Ohhh our reservation was suppose to be NOSH that was closed for a private party. Never asked was it okay to go to place next doorOur overall experience was great, but I would go back again just for the almond chocolate torta. It was amazing.Came to this place for two occasions. Once at the bar section for drinks and finger food. Second time for dinner with friends. My dishes including the turtle soup were a little salty. For the price I would go to Luke...we had our own vip private room for like 25-30 ppl...we were only allowed to order 3 things off the menu...some type of veal...soft shell crab and something else...the veal was amazing and i actually took a picture of it...the imported beer we drank was nasty and im not a fan of red wine..i stuck with the ice water...oh the best part was the appetizers of 5 diff. oysters and bread yumm!!  the gumbo soup was good...but i shoulda got the caesar salad cuz the soup was saltyWe had a large group (35+) people. Great food. Would have loved to have had some of their delicious pasta, but the banquet menu did not have any pasta. Other than that the food and service was excellent Avni was fantastic. His team and him did a great job. One of the best restaurants in NOLA.I was told this was the city's  best Italian restaurant.  I respectfully beg to differ. The ambiance was nice, the server started off okay, but kind of started to ignore us toward the end. My dish was just okay and there truly was just not enough of it. My wife had the chicken parm and it was just not good. I can get better  meals at this price point at Vincent's, Marcello's or Irene's.I am a big fan of Tommy's Cuisine and have been for years.  It is just like Irene's without having to walk all the way to the quarter.  The menu is fantastic with classic creole sytled italian dishes.  I ordered the softshell crab over linguini with crawfish sauce.  A fantastic treat.  My wife had the veal picatta special - maybe even better than the softshell crab.  A must here is to start with thier Oysters Rockefeller - in my opinion they are the best in all of New Orleans.  Yes, this is a big statement, and yes they use spinach (Antione's claims that they do not use spinach in the original recepie), but for me they are the bomb!  When I crave Oysters Rockefeller, only Tommys can cure the craving.  If you haven't tried thier Oysters Rockefeller, you are missing out!  
The service here is always first class.  Old schoold waiters with italian accents, just add to the whole experience.  For me, Tommy's represents one of the best choices in the Warehouse District.You MUST go to Tommy's Cuisine and ask for Victoria. She is amazing and made our meal so much better. We had appetizers, wine, main course, and dessert. She was simply the BEST!!!Food was good, large portions. The service was okay, our server was slow to clear our table and pour wine, he had friends sitting one table over from us. The decor is cozy and romantic. All in all a good night.They prevented a Family to enter because their son is autistic. What douschebags !!This city has amazing food and food culture, unfortunately this was my second visit and this is not one of those places. The bar may be good ? Location is in district but food is a miss On all levels! App shrimp ram pulse was pre made and served cold from fridge not fresh chilled:(
Salad was dry no real dressing and none provided :( bread was this egg bread reheated in micro ? It was stone hard :( chicken was plain not worthy of night out with nothing to accommodate :( fish of day was ok and pecan pie was ok . Nothing to return visit for ( this was my second visit) lastly the pay for parking without validation was disappointing 
Overall a miss:(Great staff and great food thank you citt a wonderful evening with  dinner drinks and dessert