Best cracklings I have ever had!!!! And the rest was also absolutely delicious. Highly recommendSo maybe it was the food, the football game, the ambience, the company, or a combination that made this dining experience wonderfully memorable. I ordered the lamb neck, which was tender, moist, savory, and well paired with black eyed pea ragout and fennel. My companion had the BBQ goat with citrus slaw and cornbread. Both dishes were amazing! The wine menu is full, but not overbearing (by the bottle). We enjoyed a light red, Spy Valley Pinot Noir. Our meal was followed by doberge cake (the salted caramel, peanut butter, and bacon) and Irish coffee. The cake was perfection! Our waitress was attentive and engaging, the host was personable, and the remaining waitstaff engaged us in light conversation as well.
At the close of the evening (which coincided with the closing of the restaurant for the evening), the chef, Isaac Toups, came to check on our satisfaction with our meals, which was a nice touch. He then brought over shots of Jack Daniels as a final salud. 
Compliments all around to Toups' Meatery!Flavor update:
Had the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich today for lunch. The pictures that keep getting posted on Instagram just made me have to have it. Omg! Best chicken sandwich I've ever had! Everything on it just works together. Get it. Enjoy it. Savor it.5 stars for my first time attending. Boudain balls, head hog cheese, double chop pork chop, and the venison. Everything was so good. The chef even came out and introduced our entree's. The dirty rice with the chop is probably the BEST dirty rice here!Don't think about it and order the meatery board. Also had the boudin balls. I docked a star because the combination of the balls and the meats were slightly more salty than i would have liked it, but I think it will taste even more refined if you pair it with the appropriate wine (but I did not feel like drinking wine that day). Server explained in depth what each meat was on my board so that was very much appreciated.I am loving Toups!! Big fan! This is my first time dining here with my girls and were we in for a treat! We had the crackins, deviled eggs, and boudin balls as an app and we were pleasantly surprised to find a kick in our deviled eggs! The ambience very nice and sunny. The owner, Amanda Toups, even came over to have a chit chat with us. She was very charming and very funny! Our entrees were chicken thighs, duck, ribs, and the ohh so juicy porkchop. My favorite would have to be the chicken thighs they were fork tender so so so good! We were so full we didn't have room for dessert but the selection although small all sound delicious. They even have a bacon cake!!!! Whattt?!?!?? But besides all that I enjoyed my experience and I am definately going to become a regular!I flew down from New York to New Orleans for New Year's Eve and waited far too long to make dinner reservations. I am SO glad that this was the only place I could find. The tasting menu was absolutely outstanding! If it's in any way representative of their everyday menu, I'm going to seriously consider a change in home base (kidding - but I'll definitely be going back to Toups whenever I come back to this city). The double cut lamb chop entree and the fresh oyster starter were some of the best bites of food I've ever put in my mouth. Just cannot say enough good things about what a great time we had.Had the Chef lunch (boudin balls, Toups burger, beer). Boudin balls were quite possibly the best i've had, and being from Cajun country, i've had a few. The burger was one of the best i've tried in New Orleans. Here's a rundown: big, cheesy, soft bun, pickled squash cut thin, perfect bacon, and meat that has just the right amount of fire and seasoning. Not too much, not too bland. I usually like my burger buns a little less buttery, but other than that this burger is a knockout.
my lunchmates are some of the pickiest eaters I know and they raved about the BLT special and the quail dish.
Service was outstanding.
I will certainly be back to try more of what this jewel in Mid City has to offer.First time here and had to eat at Toups! Shared dishes and it was awesome! Thank you Toups' for a great meal and and a great memory!My son and I were giving my new Samsung Galaxy Tablet a work out. More specifically we were cruising You Tube for Action Bronson's series..."Fuck, That's Delicious." We happened upon the episode highlighting Toups Meatery, and we decided to go there for dinner. One of the best decisions we have made this week.
This small restaurant is firing on all cylinders, great layout, superb wait staff and and enough meat dishes to make this pair of carnivores very happy.
We started out with some well crafted cocktails. Their names escape me, but I was very satisfied as was my kid. 
We made a meal of the the Pickle plate....various types of pickled vegetables, the ginger beets were the highlight of that plate, but all the pickles were yummy in their own unique way. In addition, we had the bone marrow plate and the Meatery Board. This is not your parents selections of meat, but an amazing sampler of charcuterie. Just amazing for those who like out of the ordinary meaty fare. 
No matter what you have, be sure to save room for dessert...The 7 layer cakes they serve are outsourced, and are magnificent. With a cup of coffee a fitting end to a great meal.Toups has never failed to wow me. From lunch to dinner everytime I go I leave with a happy belly. Its just so good!This place was life changing! I'm a huge foodie and this place is on my #1 spot! Everything on their menu is delicious. Make sure you try their meatery board! See more details on my blog www.twofoodiesandthetruck.com  - the big easyLove this place. Just had an amazing dinner with my family! The cheese and the meat boards are both a must. The pork chop was incredibly tender. I love the  Seafood Couvillion. The servers were all very attentive a knowledgeable. Can't wait to go back!really good food - different - extraordinarily tasty meat dishes like you have never sampled before. Good serious service tops it off.We had an unfulfilled experience last night.  The "host" was extremely rude regarding our reservation and seemed preoccupied and inconvenienced by us.  The food was mediocre, but most disheartening was the poor service.  We won't be returning.Just enjoyed the meatery platter, deviled eggs, and bibb salad--fantastic! I ate my first duck hearts and head cheese and loved every bite, especially with the housemade pickles vegetables. I wish I lived in town to come back for more candied pork belly and cracklins.Had a delicious and unique dinner here on Tuesday night. 
Set the scene: the place is more casual than I expected and the decor is minimalist:  wooden top tables, wood floors, a few blown up photos and deer antlers on the wall. The front room is bright and also contains the bar, the back room is darker (we needed a flashlight to see the menu which the staff provided). I recommend the back room.
Now, on to the food. We started with the meat board. AMAZING, a definite must try. It was a selection of the best the restaurant has to offer including a chicken terrine, chicken liver mousse, homemade sausage, cured meats, hogahead cheese, a boudin ball and picked vegetables. It also had cracklins and candied cracklins. 
For our main course my date and I split the lamb neck and house salad w Gouda and pecans. The lamb neck was delicious and it must have been cooked for hours and hours. The meat just fell off the bone. The salad left me wanting a little more. As it was a house salad it was simple, but the vinaigrette just wasn't vinegary enough. 
Finally dessert- king cake doberge cake fromDrbbie Does Doberge. Wow! Yummy! Lots of icing. Highly recommend.The peacock serves an excellent dinner under the live oaks.  Anyone who disparages a server, calling them drunk or high, should be ashamed of themselves.  We sat outside and ordered the hogsheads cheese, the chicken liver mousse and the cracklings.  Cracklings are supposed to be crunchy .  They are supposed to be seasoned.  If ones taste buds are not accustomed to real live country cooking they shouldn't whine about what we eat.  Either adjust or go eat fast food.  And Larry....his wit and wisdom will always help you choose the right dish for you.  Leave your bad attitude at home.Wonderful food! Had the Lamb Neck which was tender and flavorful. Pork Chop was also a surprise and delight.My friend changed my life last night and took me to Toups' Meatery for the first time, I truly honestly died. Everything was so bomb, also the cracklins not pictured BEST in the city no doubt. I tried some martini (watermelon??) that tasted just how I imagined Hubba bubba would as a drink, AMAZING. The whole staff was so friendly and helpful, the atmosphere was cozy. Definitely found a new spot and I can't wait to go back.After seeing Chef Isaac on Top Chef my wife and I were determined to visit his restaurant. A short trip from St Louis to NOLA for a meeting provided such opportunity. 
Toups is a great restaurant adorned with English mount animal heads and old black and white farm pictures.  A foreshadowing of the meal to come!
Starters were smoked trout deviled eggs topped with cracklins and the foie gras. The foie was some of the best I've ever eaten, a perfect portion size too. The deviled eggs were served in 5 making it a meal unto itself. Both apps were so good my wife and I were eager to order more food. 
Main courses were venison and the lamb neck. The venison was cooked perfectly and the seasoning was spot on. I've killed, cooked and eatin a lot of venison and can't recall it tasting nearly as good as Toups. Life changing! My wife is a connoisseur of lamb. My family has a farm where we raise and eat lamb. In saying that, the look on my wife's face when she tasted the lamb neck meat with the black eyed peas was one of pure culinary  satisfaction. 
The evening was brought full circle when leaving we ran into the man himself, Chef Isaac Toups. Chef Isaac took the time to shake our hands, introduced himself and his wife Amanda. We praised his great food, apologized for disturbing him and wished him well. He's just as you'd expect, souther style nice guy to the core.  I'll be sure to visit again soon. Thank youWhat a great restaurant. The food is INCREDIBLE! Can't wait to go back. 
Service was so attentive. Music was 90s grunge. Love itCame here on the recommendation of a family member.  Lots of good meat choices and lots of unique preparation.  Hats off to the chef for his imaginative preparations and unique presentations.Amazing amazing amazing! Our friends took us here while we were visiting and we had the tastiest meal!!! The meat board was heavenly and so was the marrow appetizer. The duck was perfect as were the steaks. Can't think of a single complaint. If you love meat you should absolutely try this place out.I had been wanting to try this place for a while. We got the pickle plate to start. Figure we would get more than just pickles for $9 but ok. For the entrees, I got the steak and my wife got the duck. Both came out about 45 minutes after ordering. Both were pretty burnt on the outsides and insides chewy.  We got the doberge cake which was pretty good and also got the ta ta boiulle which was a plop of chocolate on top of a Graham cracker with marshmallow on top....that is called a s'more. They pretty much ruined an old bayou dessert. Not anything close to a ta ta boiulle. Gave an extra star for the wide drink menu and The waiter was cool. For $130 bill, Very disappointed...Two out of our party of four didn't feel well after lunch. Service was spotty. Pickles were amazingMy 3 star review is an average based on several factors:
Food - 4 1/2 stars
Our server - 4 stars
The other server (the guy with the glasses) - 0 stars
The kitchen - 1 star
We were here on March 1 during our vacation to New Orleans. We are fans of Top Chef and meat, so we were really excited to dine at Toups.
Make no mistake: the cocktails were excellent. The food was delicious. Our server was a very nice girl (petite and dark hair, if you're reading this, Chef.) My goat dish was perfectly cooked. The poutine was a slight bit salty, but overall we almost licked the plate. 
This is pretty much were the greatness ends.
We showed up at 6:45 for our 7:30 reservation as we were in the area early and got seated immediately.
We didn't leave until 10. It took nearly AN HOUR for our entrees to come out.
The place was PACKED, so we understood that we might be waiting a bit. We accept that. But when my husband was walking past the small window into the kitchen, and hears another server (we'll call him blond bearded guy) say "table 11 hasn't been fired and they ordered 45 minutes ago" (not our table) we knew we were in trouble.
Chef Toups himself even stopped in to say "yo" to his bartenders early in the night. I tweeted him to return to the restaurant as the 3 servers, 1 bartender and 4 people in the kitchen were IN THE WEEDS. (he didn't tweet back)
What absolutely ruined this experience for us was "the server with the glasses" - when he dropped off our foie gras dish, he literally dropped it off. Tossed it on the table like the dish was on fire and melting his hand and walked away. Didn't describe the dish, didn't even at least say "here's your foie." Nothing.
NOTHING.
The kitchen was really in the weeds because we saw lovely deviled egg dishes going out to other tables. Ours arrived plated very sloppily. Not the experience we expected from a "Top Chef"
Our sweet server must have noticed how pissed we were and how miserable we were, and when the kitchen "made a mistake and made an extra dessert" we were the benefactors of it. Truthfully, she probably knew she needed to do something. We aren't ones to "make a scene" nor are we one to make a server's tip suffer for things beyond their control. 
Without a doubt the food was outstanding, but the experience overall was a complete bummer.All my bags were packed and I was ready to go, from New Orleans. I wanted one last good meal before I left and was recommended to check out Toups for their meat plate. John and (Pin)? Sorry, we're behind the bar and made me feel like I was at my neighborhood spot. Great beet based cocktail complimented the amazing plate that kept me busy for a while. The only difficult part was deciding which item was my favorite. Chicken liver mousse may have taken it but it was a photo finish. Thank you guys for leaving such a strong impression of NOLA with me. Hope to come back sometime. you are on my short list of must see places for friends heading down.If you are visiting NOLA and want to try something out of the quarter that won't let you down, make a reservation now!
The cheese plate appetizer was incredible. We practically licked it clean and enjoyed all of the jams and relishes included. 
We had the duck and the wagyu beef. I'm not typically a fan of duck, and this duck was incredible. The wagyu beef was also amazing and tender. Every once in a while I have a "kiss the chef" moment and this was one of those. xxThis place was such a joke. My fiance and I went here for my birthday, and it was just awful. We didn't have a reservation, so they were completely unaccomodating. We were finally seated, and after we ordered, the waiter snarkily told us that we could always order more (how about just letting us know it wouldn't be a lot of food?). About 45 minutes later, we got our food. I love Cajun food, but this tasted like it was all boiled in vinegar. It was sickly tasting. Needless to say, it really wasn't much food, but we were not going to order anything else. While we're waiting for our waiter to bring us our check, he continued to schmooze the drunk couple next to us for fifteen minutes. Finally he walks up to us, smiles and says "Oh... did I forget you guys? Sorry... I guess I was kind of ignoring you." He took our plates and we waited for another ten minutes for him to take our check. Again, he was chatting and laughing with the obnoxious drunk couple beside us. Finally I got sick of waiting. I left him cash with about ten cents more than the total and we left. This was easily the worst place I've ever had the displeasure of eating at. Fast food has better service! Additionally, this place is trying way too hard to be upscale and pretentious when it clearly can't pull it off. Avoid this place at all costs!After watching Chef Isaac on Top Chef, it was a treat to be able to dine at his restaurant while visiting NOLA. We loved every bite of food we had. The crab claw appetizer was the perfect combination of sweet and spicy, the meat board was unbelievable (dip the cracklins in the chicken liver mousse!), and the pork chop with fat rice was UNREAL! You can really taste and enjoy the deep, rich history of Chef Issac and his family who have been in NOLA for over 300 years. This is definitely a must see and eat restaurant.The ambience gives for a note modern feel, with a very friendly staff. We ordered the meatery plate and the pork chop. Don't let the prices or the dollar signs fool you, these meals were worth every penny. I split both dishes with another person and we still had enough from the pork chop to likely feed another.
The meatery plate: a selection of about ten different things, the highlights to me were the bacon wrapped date which was the perfect balance of sweet and salty, crunchy and soft, the boudin ball which sits atop a nice acidic sauce to cut into the fat, and the cracklings which were little bits of fried pork belly that were amazing.
The pork chop: the dirty rice that this behemoth of a pork chop sits on is amazing. The only minus is that this takes quite a bit of time to cook since it is so massive. The pork was cooked evenly throughout and remained perfectly juicy while the exterior had the perfect crisp I crave with my meat.
The other nice thing is chef Isaac Toups was very friendly and made himself very visible throughout the dinner, often taking pictures when he had the chance with the guests.Coming from out of town, we made sure to make a reservation far in advance. We were seated immediately & our friendly waiter stopped over to share the specials with us.
We started off with a mushroom, grits & quail egg special that was absolutely divine. We scraped the plate clean. Next, we had the foie gras torchon which was very rich. We finished with a cheese plate that had 3 generous portions of pungent cheeses, complimented with fresh jam, strawberries and pecans.
For entrées, we had the Venison and Wagyu beef. The Venison was cooked perfectly and the Wagyu beef was complimented well by corn & potato puree.
The highlight of my dinner, however, was a seasonal watermelon martini that was fresh, light & flavorful.Brought friends and family here a few times and it always wins over our guests. The meat board is divine. The apps and entrees are top-notch. The drinks are spot on. The service is excellent and the atmosphere is easy. Worth it!We were visiting NOLA and our friends took us to Toups our first night. Wow! Really good food and service, and the host, Larry, was a hoot! Toups is full of personality and well-crafted food. Go. Now.The experience could be described as "there wasn't a bite that wasn't amazing." From the smoked pastrami on the Meatery board, to the BBQ Shrimp, to the "cracklins"- the most austere word imaginable for such an amazingly well fried pork belly that stole the show. My Wagyu beef was a tender, amazingly well cooked piece of meat, and my wife's seafood couvillon was, in her words, "an epiphany." General Manager Jon and the staff did an amazing job of making us feel well cared for and made sure we didn't have an empty glass the entire evening. I can't recommend Toups' enough!Isaac Toups is a culinary God!  You must try the bone marrow with your complimentary whiskey shot -- this changed my life.....nuff said!The double cut pork chop is delicious. The dirty rice it's served on is scrumptious, especially with the sweet gastric on top. Great flavor combination. It was great meeting Chef Issac and his wife at the bar, they are your typical friendly down south Cajuns.We made this the first stop on our New Orleans trip because we saw the chef on Top Chef. And sadly (very sadly because I REALLY REALLY wanted to love this place). We had the boudan balls (those were great) and the pickle plate. The cucumber pickles were awesome but the fennel and cabbage was bad. Like, couldn't even eat the fennel. My husband had the gulf seafood couvillion and enjoyed it. I had the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich and the chicken was great, but the bacon was very overpowering (to the point you couldn't taste anything but the bacon). The chips were soggy. I enjoyed it, but definitely don't feel it's a "must do" in the city.This place is always a treat.  The food is incredible, new, yet familiar.  Love coming here and being adventurous.My husband and I decided to dine with you tonight after a very long hiatus.  I ordered the confiet chicken thighs ($18) and after the first bite I was overwhelmed by the salt content. This is coming from a person who loves salt and enjoys well-seasoned poultry. This, however, was ridiculously salty and I had to ask for it to go back to the kitchen where I observed staff tasting it and nodding agreeably that the chicken was over salted. The manager came out to offer me another option from the menu and suggested the quail ($22). I decided to go with the quail when in actuality I wanted the chicken dish with less salt.  The manager explained that all of the chicken had been brined and likely I wouldn't enjoy how salty any of the chicken would turn out.  Quail it was, which was good. I did enjoy it, but what really made me discontent was when I received the check. After your kitchen failure, I waited an additional 25 minutes to receive my meal all to be charged a higher price than what I'd originally ordered. Let's be clear, I wasn't after a comp meal, but if you're really trying to make things right don't charge me $4 more for a meal I didn't want to begin with. My husband begged me to let him pay and agree to not come back over hashing it out in the restaurant. We won't be back, because I've been left with a very salty taste in my mouth with how this situation was handled.this was excellente cept the chicken wasn't.  everything else was above and beyond.   charcuterie plate, pickle plate cheeses, and those beets?  wow.   really enjoyed my dinner although its pretty loud inside.
I had a great time and loved it all.     however I was with a celebrity chef who wasn't impressed with her chicken.   she didn't send it back, but we did make a comment to the waiter who was gracious about it.Veal Sweetbread Poutine 18$ // fried potato and sweetbreads smothered with gravy and cheddar cheese then sprinkled w green onions. Heavy dish. I could only take a few bites before I couldn't stomach anymore. Okay in flavors, maybe more on the boring side. Disappointed that the cheese wasn't distributed more evenly. I don't care about pretty food, just makes it a challenge to eat when it's not necessary. 
Smoked Trout Deviled Eggs 7$ // I enjoy the texture the crisp and trout roe brings to the eggs. I didn't taste much of the pickled jalapeño. Okay appetizer. 
BBQ Goat 23$ // The cornbread stood out way more than the goat, pickled peppers, & citrus slaw. The goat was cooked well. The flavors did not stand out to me. & the bitterness of the purple cabbage overtook everything. 
Fried Rice & Porkbelly Special 25$ // I wish the porkbelly was cooked more crispy. The fried rice had flavor. However, the dish is to mushy!Followed this place on social media a while before I got to try it out. Telling you now.
Just get the meatery board. Included boudin, Head cheese, pork belly, liver mousse, house cured ham, sausage with Parmesan and blueberries. Plus more. So much I can't remember them all. 
We added pickles and cheese too but the pickles are on the meatery board, so unless you want extra try another small addition. Drinks were interesting and delicious. Had the Manhattan and The Rye or Reason. 
Knowledgeable staff and good service. It's on the definite list for sure.Generous portions and fantastic meat. The meat board was amazing, especially all the pork belly creations. We got the lamb neck as well, which looked delicious and tasted even better. Chef Isaac was at the bar and came over to say hi - he's just as nice and welcoming as on TV. Definitely worth the trip.Had the Special Steak for the Day  / 40oz Rib Eye, Delicious....
Sides-Cumber Salad, Cornbread....
Chocolate Mousse topped with Blueberries..
Wonderful....
Complaint- got the Artichokes for a app / terrible...
It appeared it was blanched, with a special sauce poured on top...
- kudos to management, they comp'd it....
Highly recommend....We went once a month ago.  We go back today not only do they remember us but they remembered what we ordered.
I went in for what I thought would be a quick drink but 3 hours later I had one of the best meals I have ever had and found a treasure of a place.
Anyone that says something bad about this place has issues with themselves.
I am looking forward to my next visit in a week, I won't be able to stay away much longer then that!Chef Issac, your food was wonderful as always but whoever you hired to run the front of the house is going to be the death of you. He was incredibly rude from start to finish. I am a native New Orleanian & the thought that he is representing the best service that we have to offer is incredibly embarrassing. My friend & I I thanked him every time he set something down on the table and he couldn't even muster up a "you're welcome". He eventually threw yes, THREW the check on our table. Issac, you are too good of a person to have someone like that representing you. FYI: I'm the girl that that was with the tall red head & who blew you kisses while you were on the phone outside today at lunch.Talk about a meat feast!!!
A friend was in town and he suggested we eat here, he heard good things about. I'm glad we did! The place is beautiful redone. and now the food...
We had the Meatery board and it was really good. A sample board of meats and sausage. The devil eggs are devilous. The slider trio I can live without. In a town with a lot of small plates popping these sliders were the worst I have had. The star of the night was the double cut pork chop. I mean DAMN GOOD!!!! so tender and juicy, I swear I can taste it now.
I will be back! Gotta try the spare ribs, Confit chicken thighs. Roasted duck. They also have veggie and cheese boards and salads... but whats the point, give me da meat!!!Great food. Kind of hipsterish. If you like cured meats and lots of flavor then you'll like this place. Cool venue.So, to preface, I made a reservation on their website for 1.30PM. Came in early and it wasn't packed so they were able to seat me and my boys immediately after walking in.
The ambience of this joint is cool. There a YUGE variety of whiskeys (they have Pappy!) and drinks, however after a night on the town I was not feeling the booze at the time. Rain check until next time. The music was some good hip-hop, Lupe Fiasco, I think I heard Wu-Tang maybe. Definitely not the trash I hear on the radio these days.
So the apps. I ordered these crab claws as an app  and WOW. They had excellent flavor. Fresh, vibrant colors, with an awesome citrusy juice to it, and had the spices going too, and reminded me of something Asian/Thai inspired. The claws were succulent and meaty. 
For my main I had the Chef's Burger, which came with chips, boudin balls, a beer (didn't take it, no sir), and THE best burger I've had in my life. The boudin balls were perfectly fried and would have been an excellent food to have while drinking.
The burger. Upon first bite, it was like biting into a cloud. I seriously can tell you, I didn't know where the food had gone. It was so moist, and juicy, that the patty and the bun quite literally dissolved as soon as it hit my tongue. There's not much to say, except it's a must - have if you're not ordering something else. And butter. Nuff said.
After all is said and eaten, I would love to come here again and hopefully catch chef Toups to get a picture cuz I'm a fan.I hadn't been here a while. One of the guests at the the table had trouble finding any "normal food" that she would eat and the other decided on the steak after some back and forth. I picked the venison and thought both the steak and venison to be cooked perfectly; however, it was extremely salty. The waitress warned us that one of the dishes would be by saying "the chef likes salt". I have always been one to add salt to my food but it was overpowering and frankly ruined what would have been a delicious meal. I can't say I'd return for anything other than the meat board.First time here. Place is ok. First off the floors are extremely slippery Donne careful of what shoes you wear. Two,it's hot as hell in there! And not to good of lighting. The food was ok. The cheese plates are good. The boudin balls was burnt and is ok on the inside. The cracklins was fresh but no season just taste like burnt hot grease. The crab claws was good and have a nice kick to it! The entrees are HUGE but salty! Will I come back? Maybe if only for an even but not one spot I will choose to come back if I had somewhere to choose to eat.OK so dessert first! You must try the Debbie Does Doberge cake in the blueberry cheesecake flavor. Yum. But on terms of meat - great selection, including boudin and fresh cracklins, which are hard to find menu items in a sit-down establishment such as this. I also enjoyed the seafood options. The fried shrimp on my poboy was cooked perfectly. When I ordered the drunken shrimp on another day I was surprised by the faces on the little critters, however it made a for a lovely presentation as they were drowning in an Abita Beer reduction, surrounded by a bed of rice. This restaurant has great service and a good location near City Park. The atmosphere inside is bright and sunny. They make their own potato chips, which are a little on the salty side. But the wonderful meals here are definitely worth checking out for yourself.My husband and I watched Top Chef this season and rooted for Isaac the whole way!  We knew we were going to try this place the next time we were in New Orleans. It did not disappoint. We sat at the bar on a busy Friday at lunch and had a great meal. Sweetbread poutine, boudin balls, burger, fried fish sandwich, and the cucumber salad. Delicious!  Everyone needs to try this place.Wow, what a horrible experience we had (full disclosure: we didn't try the food!) my boyfriend and i went to toupes last night (friday) and got there at 8pm. We were seated by the kitchen window which was loud, but we could deal with it. we then waited about 10 minutes to get water or a menu...or even see a server. once our server arrived with menus, she took our drink order. she then came over to tell us that they were out of 4 of the 7 menu items. 4 out of 7! on a friday night at 8. since both of the things we were craving were included in the 4 things they were out of, we left. very disappointed.Went by yesterday night, overall everything was good. We got a meat board, salad, pork chop, and the wagyu beef. A couple of things threw me off tho- the arugula apple salad was excellent except for the corn bread crutons, not crunchy but not soft they were kind of weird bits of foam in the salad. Personally I thought they took away from the salad texture wise. The cocktails (mine port based, my company's I forget) but both were very heavy on the liquors and syrupy. Wine is definitely the choice here not cocktails! All things considered it was a good experience and I'll most likely be back.Amazing find! Extensive whiskey bar, gourmet entre's! we had the bbq goat, roasted quail, marrow plate and 3 incredible appetizers!  Love the care and detail that the chef put into each dish. Foodie fun for gourmet meat lovers.Ordered the Shrimp Boullettes and Fish and Chips from the Coolinary menu. The two boullettes were very mealy. The accompanying pickles were fine, but the small plate looked very bare.
The tripletail and chips were quite good, fried nicely, but not much fish at all; mostly chips. Aioli was great. The server was competent and efficient. But the meal was really overpriced at $20. Like another customer, I was  surprised when the server removed a small plate on my table and put it back on a shelf with clean plates near the register. I hadn't used the plate, but the visual is not good. An attractive restaurant, but food and prices not attractive enough for me to return.Holy good lord jesus mary of God. This place is ridiculous. the atmosphere, the food, the drinks, the service. It is the perfect place in Mid-City to visit. The food is ridiculously amazing. If you're a vegetarian, stay away, but if you're a meat eater, you will go crazy for this place. It's a bit pricey, but a great place to go to with friends.This place was a complete let-down. My drinks were under-poured (and the main ingredient was missed completely), the food was lackluster and cold, and service was pathetic. Nonexistent. I should've gone across the street to the BBQ joint.Came here based on previous reviews and we were not disappointed.    Boudin balls were great , shrimp was fantastic.     Loved this place.I had the wagyu beef, and it was a transcendent experience. Cooked to perfection, the wagyu was balanced by a puree and vegetable combo that played very well together. I highly recommend this place to anyone that loves good steak.Our new favorite restaurant in 'Nawlins...amazing how Uber opens up the city beyond the French and Garden districts...anyways be adventurous with your selections here...they clearly put a lot of forethought, precision and care into the preparations. We had beef heart skewers perfectly delicate, not chewy at all and seared to perfection. The chicken liver mouse was equally amazing with a touch of honey and tons of butter!  The Cigarettes and Coffee cocktail was smooth and expertly balanced with Japanese whiskey and aromatic bitters. Awesome!I went here for my graduation lunch after reading so many rave reviews. I had a party of 12 and it was definitely too many people for this small of a place. Definitely not a great place to have a big party, the food took a long time to come out and the appetizers were very small to share for a large crowd. However, the food was amazing. The crab claws were delicious! People also loved the fried fish sandwich, the fried chicken sandwich and the filet. 
I will definitely come back but just with one or two others!Awesome.
The meatery board is spot on.  All meats smoked and cured in house, house made sausage, the pickled vegetables were made in house, everything thing down to the Creole mustard was made in house.
I could talk about the pastrami for two weeks 
The Rillons may be the greatest thing ever done with pork belly.
The hog head cheese is one of the best.  
The only disappointment was the boudin ball, which was good, but I was anticipating better.
Seafood Couvillion was good but there were probably better options, I just couldn't get past the crab fat rice.  
Dessert chef has always got something good going on.  This trip was goat cheese panna cota.Well it would have been nice to review it but my husband and I went Saturday at around 7:30 and turned away because we didn't have reservations. There were at least 3 empty tables and understand  when it is packed and people are waiting but no one was waiting. Good thing though cause went to tony angello's for the first time with no reservations and it was amazing!! We just moved back from Houston after 26 years and have never been turned down. What has happened to New Orleans hospitality? Find a table but don't turn people away!! Won't be going back and we love to eat so lost money there.We sat at the bar with Pai. She knew the specials like she had studied hard. They had vegan options, even at a meatery. Wonderful!!!!Best burger I've ever eaten! Decently priced and service at lunch was great. Boudin balls were yummy too!I've been here at least half a dozen times. Always delicious! Friendly staff, accommodating, and the food speaks for itself! I ate light today but I typically chow down on the cheese and meat boards. I could live on pork belly alone (especially the candied pork belly), but, just because I can... 
This is, however,  the first time I sit out doors. They are dog friendly. Service is as good as it is inside, and it's been a nice, peaceful escape - before I get started on my own busy day. Lots of free parking or, if you're coming from downtown, hop on the red streetcar line going toward the museum and you'll get dropped off right in front.It's very high priced fancy food and if you have the time to sit and have the time to make a reservation and have the time to deal with all the explanations of the food then go there personally we had the pair a rogel a salad and that's about all we could takeWarning this review is not intended for children, vegans, vegetarians, or PETA people as animals were definitely harmed in the making of this review.
Well I really love meat but I just didn't love the food here even though I really wanted to.  I got the lamb neck which is exactly that... the entire neck of a lamb between where it's cute little snugly head was to its wooly soft body.  This is a really large portion of meat but it just isn't a very good quality of meat from this anatomical area of the aforementioned and formerly cute and cuddly lamb.  The neck is simply served over a large portion of black-eyed peas with some random pieces of corn, pig fat, and pickled peppers thrown in.  The menu also said this dish came with a mint chow chow and I never tasted anything with mint in it or saw anything that looked like a chow chow.  Picking off the meat around the vertebra might even freak some folks out but I felt like a lion tearing into its prey except I found the meat to be similar in texture to pot roast or lamb shank but a lot less flavorful.  The entire "dish" of the lamb neck and black-eyed peas really had no other flavor but saltiness.  I think this portion of meat would probably work better being cooked down into a stew of some type and the dish as a whole just really didn't work for me.  I've never eaten the neck of anything in its entirety other than a turkey neck (and turkey neck I've only used when cooking down some greens) and now I know why as it just isn't a very tender meat location on its own and needs to be cooked down into a stew or ragut of some type.  
The real kicker is that my lunch with just the lamb neck entree and an iced tea ended up costing $30 with tip.  It was a huge portion but the going rate for lamb necks is somewhere around $6-$8 a pound, as it is a much cheaper cut of meat than about anything else on a lamb, so there is quite a markup.  For the price I paid I would have expected at least some turnip greens or another side other than just a big bed of peas but even if that were added this meal just wasn't worth the price and I can get much higher quality cuts of lamb (like chops) for a cheaper price at many other NOLA places.  Honestly I could have used the same ingredients and easily created a much better tasting dish (at least to my palate).  
Hummm... well maybe some of the other things on the menu are better but I would never order this ho-hum-blah-boring lamb neck dish ever again.  Poor cute lambkins the mean ole butcher chopped off your head and sacrificed your sweet little wooly cuteness for such a sad dish.  Poor little bahh bahh I sure wish I could have eaten your yummy leg or shank instead of your rough ole neck.  Your neck would make a lovely cheap stew though I'm quite sure.Meat!  Every kind!  Service spectacular!  Great restaurant. 
Full plates were really big portions.  Small plates more my size!  Best thing I had; the crab balls. So 5 star!  Dirty rice was very good too, so was foie gras.  I got the lamb neck with black eyed pea's but I'm not big on bbq flavor (which was in the peas) and the lamb neck was more like a slow cooked crock pot kinda thing and I'm not usually a fan, but it was very moist, falling off bone and tasty.  Just think I ordered wrong.   My man ordered a double cut pork chop, that thing was HUGE!  He liked it, but couldn't finish it all, and he can eat a lot, ha.  Really liked my overall experience.  WIll go back.Went there for the first time recently and I was very upset. Upset that I didn't go sooner. The couvillon with crab fat rice was one of the best things I have had since my Grammy died! Kudos to you Toups. I will be back.Watched Chef Isaac on Top Chef and cheered him on - he and his staff (especially the bartender who served us) set new standards for fun, fine food & drinks. Will return when we are back in NOLA.
We loved the sausage of the day, the boudin balls, and the BBQ goat. The desert was a cake of 7 layers with pudding. Heaven!I recently dined here midweek with my husband. We had reservations (I'm not sure they were necessary) and were seated immediately. We started with the Meatery Board, which was divine! It had a boudin ball, sausage, rillons (glazed pork belly), terrine, hog head cheese, chicken liver mousse, sliced cured ham, as well as accoutrements to go with each. It was a TON of food! This easily could have been an entire meal in and of itself! As we were delightfully stuffing our faces, they also brought out some hot, fresh cracklins! Though everything was delicious, between the rillions and the cracklins, I was in heaven! Next came the main course. I had a cooked-to-perfection Waygu steak with a garlic mash potato puree that made my mouth oh so happy! My husband had the double cut porkchop with dirty rice and a cane syrup gastrique. To begin with, the pork chop was enormous, easily 3 inches thick! And it tasted as good as it looked. My husband is a chef at prominent French Quarter restaurant and upon eating it, sadly declared that his restaurant no longer had the best pork chop! Quite a compliment coming from him! All in all this was a fabulous experience and we will definitely be putting it in our regular rotation of restaurants! A carnavarian's dream!!!!Menu looked good and high end. Just not what we wanted. Only had a salad and cocktails. Menu is limited but quality. We decided to eat across the street at Blue Ox BBQ which was best bbq I've ever had. Better than anything in Texas.Unique, neighborhood eatery.  If we lived in NOLA, it would definitely be a regular stop for us.  Food was fresh and delicious. Service was great.  The lamb neck was memorable.Forget Arby's, Toups has the meats! I could have died happy with just the cracklin's, but I'm glad I didn't. I wouldn't have gotten to sample the Gulf Seafood Couvillion. Can you say, "crab fat rice?" I knew that you could.
Even if you're staying in the French Quarter, this is worth a streetcar ride. Heck, you should be riding the streetcar anyway! It's on the line going to City Park, so you can stroll around and walk off all those fried rabbit livers!I hate being the jerk who writes the first non-five star review but I am sure this will bump up to four and possibly even five. I'll just have to keep going back to make sure my ratings are accurate.
Anyway, the space is really nice and I like that there is outside seating. The staff is very friendly, although it is my preference that everyone working doesn't come by to ask how the food is. It's kind of overwhelming, especially if you don't like something. 
I don't remember being very interested in their cocktail menu and I thought the wine by the glass selection was very small and a bit overpriced. 
On to the food. We started with the meatery plate,of course! This was really good. I liked the cracklins a lot, crunchy but not dried out. The housemade garlic sausage was delicious as was the delicate, subtle rabbit pate. My husband really liked the hogshead cheese, it was not as congealed as it usually is, more of a spread. Weirdly, I didn't love the rillons and I thought they would knock me out. Those are candied pieces of pork belly, if you didn't know and I certainly did not.  Cooked too long maybe, they lost their lusciousness.  
My husband got the chicken confit and I didn't taste that. But I did sample the mustard greens and white beans underneath and they were fantastic. My sliders, however, sucked.  All three of them. I like fat but the lamb belly was a huge chunk of fat with really off-putting St. Patrick's Day green, overly sweet mint jelly.  The crab cake was everything you hate about crappy crab cakes; mostly breading, cheap, stringy crab meat, fried-too-hard exterior.  I think the last one was just the rabbit pate on a bun but by that point, I was over it. The brioche buns they were served on looked promising but they were stale. 
We didn't try the desserts but they had some appealing options. We'll be back but I can definitely cross the sliders off my list.My sister & brother-in-law have been telling me to go dine at Toups for the past 2 years, and I finally went this past Saturday night for my boyfriend's birthday dinner. I'm already planning my next visit back. 
We had reservations for 5 and were seated immediately. I ordered the beet martini, which had the perfect amount of tartness. For apps we had the bone marrow with duck hearts, the lamb tartare, and the cheese board. All were delicious, but the bone marrow was truly superb. 
For entrees, we ordered the shrimp, the barbecued goat, the pork chop, the venison, and the quail. Everyone tried a bite of each other's entrees and not surprisingly, everything was great. With that said, I chose the quail; while it was delicious, the portion wasn't nearly as big as the pork chop or the venison. I'm thinking next time I go that I want to try something different and order the flank steak. 
For dessert, we had the salted peanut butter bacon doberge cake, the key lime pie doberge cake, and the special dessert of the night, which was a cornbread bread pudding with pork belly, peaches, candied pecans, and a caramelized sauce. I've ordered cakes from Debbie Does Doberge in the past, so I knew that the doberge slices would be a solid choice. And the dessert special had the perfect combination of sweet and savory. My only dessert critique would be for Toups to have maybe 1 or 2 other options besides the doberge & dessert special, like a pie/tart or an after dinner cheese selection.Fantastic, waiter was extremely friendly and knowledgeable of both wine list and menu. Food was as good as the service, confit chicken thighs that fell off the bone, collard greens cooked in lardons topped with a very balanced creamy Dijon sauce. The wife enjoyed a seafood medley of shrimp, crawfish and gulf fish over rice with a robust creole sauce. We also started with a top notch cheese board . Food was $60 bottle of wine $50 very much worth your time and $$$We live in Baton Rouge, so we like to try new places in New Orleans when we can, and we've wanted to try Toup's for nearly a year before Chef Isaac Toups win us all over on Top Chef. Well, this weekend, we finally got a chance.
We went for lunch and arrived between 1:30 & 2:00. Lunch hours end at 2:30. When we got there, I noticed a couple checking out the menu and saw wait staff bustling around. No one greeted us and there was no clear area provided to wait. This would be one of my complaints. We just felt awkward waiting and tried to stay out of the way of diners and staff. When we were addressed, we were asked what name the reservation was under and then given no response when I said that we didn't have one. The host came across as haughty and generally bothered by our presence. Note to readers: you may want to have a reservation, even for lunch.
Luckily, we were seated fairly quickly and then the biggest problem became making a decision from the menu. Given the hour, we decided to stick with sandwiches and bypassed an appetizer. I was slightly disappointed in the service when we were told of the special and I had to ask. It turned out that the special was a meat tray featuring bison. I really love bison, so I was tempted to try it, but unsure whether I would enjoy all of the pieces of it. Next time, I'll take the chance.
I had the burger, and my husband and friend both had the chicken sandwich. Both were served with fresh chips. The burger was basically perfection. Perfectly seasoned and cooked to a perfect medium. I ordered it as listed and wouldn't have changed anything. The soft, warm, fluffy brioche bun was the perfect vessel. I commented several times on the amazing bread.
Both of those eating the chicken sandwich were very happy with their selections. They both thought that the cabbage slaw was too tangy on its own, but either very well with the other parts of the sandwich. I like vinegar, so I enjoyed it both alone and on the sandwich. It also came on the brioche bun.
And the chips added to the plates, with a great, slightly spicy seasoning, and in just the right portion.
We were too full for dessert, though the Doberge cake sounded amazing. 
Timing of food was just right. But, the waitress could have been more attentive to refilling drinks and probably missed out on a bigger tab by not up selling an appetizer or the special.
Bottom line is that the food is as good as you've heard, but you might need to put up with a slightly snobby air from some of the staff.Excellent dinner last night.  The charcuterie is amazing!  Great service, was wonderful to see Chef Isaac in the kitchen.  Will definitely return on my next trip to NOLA!All my life, I've been told how important first impressions are. Unfortunately the host of Toups Meatery was not taught the same. My boyfriend and I decided to dine here for our date night. We were looking forward to it since we had only heard good things.  It was a Saturday so I made reservations through Open Table for two at 7. When we walked in, the host asked if we had reservations. I said yes through open table. He said, "No, you don't. We don't take reservations between 7 and 8pm." What?! Why did he even ask? Was he trying to trick me? He begrudgingly sat us near the door where I heard him turn countless people away. There were multiple tables open that he claimed were reserved. You know, for those reservations they don't take at that time. Our server was great- full of good recommendations and seemed to really enjoy her job. The food was outstanding. If you go and don't get the meat board, you are out of your mind. That said, the rude host nearly ruined the whole experience. In a city like New Orleans with great restaurants on every corner where tourists expect a certain level of hospitality, treatment like this can tank an otherwise successful restaurant.A Must Try! We dinned at Toups on a Thursday night. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the warm summer air and watched the streetcar go by. That made for a pleasant atmosphere which sets the mood for a great dinner. My husband and I decided to share the Meatery Board and it was great. Much better than your traditional charcuterie and it even included some cracklins which I never pass up. The service was a little slow, which is why I gave it 4 stars and not 5, but I am sure that was due to the amount of customers they had. All and all the experience was great and we will absolutely be back!The view is nice, the seating is romantic yet inviting, the bar is beautiful, and the burger will put you to sleep- in a good way! 
 We started our dining experience with a Manhattan and old castaway for drinks, and the pear and arugala salad (with a gorgonzola cream sauce of types) for an appetizer. The cream was creamy and cheesy and everything dreams are made of. The arugala had the type of spice I love, that subtle kick, that deformity for the sweetness of the pear and cornbread croutons. For the main course, my girlfriend got the waygu burger topped with pickled squash. Let me just tell you, the river of juices had me starstruck. That burger looked like something out if a fairytale! I had the waygu steak with cheese curd, pickled tomatillo, and mashed garlic potato. It was very good. They did not allow me to pick how it was cooked, which is the best thing. They KNOW how they want it to come out, you get the true intention of the chef. The staff was great, the bartender was witty yet polite, and our drinks were only empty when we turned down another beverage. 10/10 would recommend.Toups is delicious. I haven't tried too much from the entree menu, but have gotten the meatery board and al la carte items several times. My bf and I split the board. At $25 its a good price for a meal for two that has a lot of variety. 
It has taken the food a bit of time to come out on a few occasions but nothing ridiculous.Four star meal, One star atmosphere.
I'm in Toup's neighborhood, and have tried to be a regular as the food is  consistently excellent.
The problem: untrained,  obtrusive, obnoxious staff, and I  mean all of them. 
The place is loud, all hard surfaces (some linen wall hangings would help), and there will always be a loud table or two. But the wait staff exacerbates the problem by trying to be part of the party!
2 examples:
At one point one of the waiters was standing behind my date SHOUTING what was to him funny comments to the table across from us. No possibility of conversation remained, so we just had to sit and wait for the rude exchange to end.
One of the women behind the bar (we were seated in that area) was HOWLING over something funny on her cell phone, again intrusively drowning out our conversation.
I view this as poor management. The kitchen is great, but someone needs to train the staff to be unobtrusive and professional and to NOT act like the staff of a sports bar...4 star food - 2 star service.
Meatery board was very good. The cocktails were meh. And the douberge cake was highly disappointing. Service was brusque and unorganized. 
I don't write many reviews but the service was that frustrating.Poor service for us. Inedible burger that sat waiting to be picked up so long the waitresses had to have it re-heated. Then it was raw.I just had a drink and an appetizer here with a friend but both were excellent. I had the persimmon old-fashioned. Yum! My friend and I spit the mussels. They were really good and there was a good-sized bowl of them. It comes with a piece of grilled bread to soak up the juice with. So good. The atmosphere is nice and the bartender/waitress was great.
I only had two little beefs. One was that there were a ton of empty tables and yet they were all reserved. I was a little nonplussed at that. I had intended to sit at the bar anyway but eyed a table for two when I saw that the bar had a number of people at it. Anyway, my brother, who has actually worked in restaurants, says that that is typical and there ended up being two bar stools next to each other, so no harm, no foul. The second is that two pieces of bread for the mussels would have been nice. There was a lot of juice left for sopping up. 
I will certainly be back because I did really enjoy it and it is fairly close to me. I wonder if they have Happy Hour deals. I will have to have someone split the meat board/platter/thing with me next time.We loved this place. The cocktails were good. The beer selection was good, the wine selection really good. Had the Meatery Board appetizer and was pretty sure no entree could top that. Wrong. Had the lamb neck with black eyed peas. Goodness gracious. It was all so good. Our waitress was super attentive, informed and really sweet. We met Isaac Toups at our table to boot. There's just nothing bad about this one. Loved itGreat food! I loved this restaurant so much I would recommend it to anyone. It was my first time going to a Meatery and I've never had a healthier meal. The service was great and the food delicious. I plan to come back here everytime I visit Nola from now on.Seriously delicious! Four of us had dinner while in New Orleans and loved everything we had/shared. The meat board has a variety of tasty bites to share. The chicken liver mousse on toasts was so good! I highly recommend an order (or two) of the pork cracklins and corn bread to accompany your meal. All of us were pleased with our entrees. Believe me, you won't be disappointed! Wishing I had some right now!Food was amazing.  However,  when we were seated our waitress told us that since it was Jazzfest we had to order a small plate and main per person. We told her "don't worry we plan to order order plenty" and we proceeded to order $300 in appetizers and drinks. Note to Manager - Not cool to force customers into specific orders. Loved that they had pitchers of Pimms Cup.Toups was tremendous! We went on a Saturday night and had a fantastic meal. The Toups Manhattan has a bite! We started with the deviled eggs which came in an order of 5. Very tasty. The jalapeño pumped it up. Then came out heaven in a bite. ORDER THE CRACKLINS when you are there. It's the best thing we had all night. It's perfect with the small selection of local beers at the bar. The Boudin Balls were out next which were flash fried, dense and well seasoned. Their signature item, The Meatery Board was up to bat and it delivered with a home run. Everything that was on the board including the chicken liver mousse and and the daily sausage were delicious and paired well with sauces. For dinner, we shared the gulf shrimp appetizer with olives and tomatoes and the bbq goat with cornbread. You'll need to order a second round of bread for the shrimp. The broth is bold and full of flavor. The goat was solid but the cornbread really made the dish. I will say that with Isaac currently being on Top Chef the restaurant was PACKED. Staff was working so hard to keep up but they just couldn't get ahead. With one bartender on a
Saturday night during the time we were there was backing orders up constantly  that's not a knock on her as she was working so hard. They just needed to have extra staff because the lack of hospitality showed. It's the only reason for the 4 stars. Our server told us they are a 40 dinner a night spot doing 200. Tough to accommodate in a small space. Overall, one heck of a meal and if for nothing else get those CRACKLINS and a cold NOLA beer.Excellent food and service. I recommend the crackling appetizer, bone marrow appetizer, BBQ goat entree, and key lime doberge for dessert. All the food at our table was great! We made reservations so we beat the dinner crowd.The flavors were amazing. All of the dishes were packed full of flavor. Only critique would be the portion size of the couvillion (2 small shrimp, 2 very small pieces of fish, and side of rice). Would have been nice to see 2-3 large shrimp and a little bit more fish. We will be back!  
Appetizer-  Pickle Plate (assortment of house made pickles), Roasted Gulf Shrimp
Large Plate- Seafood Couvillion
Sides- CornbreadI am mixed about this place. I have had amazing Cracklings here and underwhelming Cheese Trays. I would say try it once and see if you like it. It is not on my must try list. When I do go I get the Cracklings and their Sausage Beef Burger.Come hungry--leave happy. This is seriously one of the best meals I've had.  The pork chop is enough for 3, the confit chicken thighs can feed 2 easily, and everything is just amazing.Okay, this review is not about food. I didn't eat here. It's about rude staff. We knew little about this place, and tried it on a whim one Friday. Walked in and there was no check-in spot or any signs about waiting to be seated or anything. So we stood. Three different servers walked passed us several times, but nobody acknowledged us. At all. 
Finally, we asked one of them about the bar. He was borderline rude and bothered, informed us that the bar would be a while, and seemed displeased...or...smug, or both, that we didn't have reservations, and abruptly told us "only outside". It was chilly outside. He was cold. We left.
Place looked great, but jeez, it could not have been less inviting.Meat forward menu that won't disappoint. Personally, I love ordering a glass of wine and watching the old movies on the screen behind the bar.  It's a great place for a date, and be sure to try the boudin and Foie Gras.Incredible.  I went for lunch and had the burger while my friends split the meat board.  At first I felt foolish ordering a burger at a place known for its quality meats, but a friend recommended it and I listened.  Cooked to perfection it is the perfect blend of pork and beef topped with their aioli, slaw, and house made pickles.  Everything was excellent, including the service.  Can't wait for my next visit.We enjoyed the plethora of meats. While the meats were certainly the highlight, I'm not sure if the overall quality of food was worth the price. The service wasn't super welcoming. This restaurant is worth a shot if you're a meat-lover and willing to spend a decent amount, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again!
RESERVATIONS
Made about a week in advance online: group of 4, for 6:15pm on a Sunday. I did have to provide a credit card for the reservation, and there would've been a fee if I'd cancelled it with less than 24 hour's notice.
SERVICE
Got a little impatient with us, and seemed to be harder to flag down as the night progressed. Overall fine though, but I wasn't overcome with warm welcome vibes as I have at so many other New Orleans restaurants we went to. 
COST
$172.15 before tip, split four ways. We got a few drinks, 1 starter, and 4 mains. Quite pricey!
MUST-HAVES
If I had to pick, it would be Boudin Balls & Meatery Board.
COCKTAILS
* Santo Domingo (mezcal, amaro, carrot, egg whites, demarara, angostura. $10) - 4 stars
Chose this for the egg whites, and loved it for that reason. This had a thick layer of foam, giving it a great texture, plus they put their logo (a meat cleaver) into the foam! The drink itself was light and tart, very well-balanced.
* Meatery board ($25) - 4 stars
An excellent sampling of tons of meats & condiments. A little hard to share amongst 4 of us as there would be maybe a couple slices of a particular meat, but we still enjoyed it. There was a single boudin ball, but that worked with the side that came with three balls. All the meats were fresh, had great texture, and were full of unique flavors.
A LA CARTE
* Boudin Balls ($6) - 4 stars
Love the even crisp breading, the gooey and lightly textured filling, and the thick dip!
LARGE PLATES
* BBQ Goat (citrus slaw, cornbread, pickled peppers. $23) - 3 stars
The meat was great, but the cornbread was really dry!
* Double Cut Pork Chop (dirty rice, cane syrup gastrique. $32) - 3.5 stars
What a huge cut of meat! This is a super impressive dish. For the sheer volume of pork, they did a good job keeping the flavor and moistness packed in throughout the entire cut. However, the meat was a bit tough and I wished it were a little more tender and easier to cut through. The rice was really tasty, but quite heavy!
* Gulf Seafood Couvillion (Louisiana Gulf fish, shrimp, crab fat rice. $26) - 3 stars
I wasn't overly impressed with the freshness of the seafood - the fish and shrimp were all a bit overcooked and tough. The sauce was a bit too thick. The rice had good flavor, but the grains of rice themselves were a bit hard and undercooked. 
DESSERT
* Doberge cake ($7) - 2.5 stars
Disappointing, especially for all the hype! Not very special, in fact seemed like an old piece of cake, and the flavor had a hint of sourness to it.Visited here with my husband post flight from California. We had no wait as we reserved a table via opentable on our way to the restaurant. Our server was very nice and helped us narrow down our menu and drink choices. It was a bit loud as we were seated near two large groups, but not so much so that we couldn't enjoy our meal. Food and drinks were great, would come back again!The meatery board is always my favorite here.  I find it's a great place for small plates and shared appetizers with friends.  Great lunch too.Arrived on a Saturday night without a reservation. The place was busy but they managed to seat us at the bar. Service was super friendly and accommodating. Great cocktails and wine. Obviously the menu is focused on meat but there's also good vegetarian / fish dishes. We had the halloumi &a watermelon salad and artichoke dish, both were so good! Then for main we had the venison and duck and they both were delicious, highly recommend for a visit. We'll be back since lots of other things on the menu we wanted to tryWent for Restaurant week, for the coolinary menu. The corn fritters were delicious and the gumbo dumplings were good. My lamb ragu was good, but very salty and greasy. I would recommend, though. My husbands spicy fried quail was just that, SPICY. Collard greens were good. We also ordered boudin balls, which I do not recommend. They were burnt and bitter, also not good boudin stuffing. Watermelon martini was delicious and refreshing. Service was great. Would recommend Toups, but would maybe suggest sticking to normal menu and passing on the boudin balls. Also, seating is CLOSE QUARTERS and uncomfortable seats.We visited once shortly after opening.
Background:  "Toups" ("Dubs" in German) is a bona-fide Cajun family name.  I once was a family doctor in the small town in my home Parish; Acadia Parish, from where these Toups' came.
We took a group of Tulane coeds, grand-daughter's roomies, from all over the US & the Caribbean.
Offerings are all very good.  Charcuterie items are genuine and well-made.  Some of the other offerings are unique but all very good.  Try the candied bacon !
Coldbeer & wines are reasonable.  Wait-staff wasn't especially knowledgeable,  but nice & tried to be helpful.
Park on street, usually no problem.
We do plan to go back for more.  This is NOT the place to continue on your diet !
We wish la Famille Toups long success here !
RickWalking into the door of Toups Meatery you might not know what to expect. I certainly didn't... I expected it to be meat forward - but whether a steakhouse or otherwise... I wasn't sure what we were going to get. We were sat at a fairly unassuming table curious about the meal to come. It had been a long day and we were just eager to eat. The smells wafting from the kitchen promised all that the restaurant name had. 
This place is out of control good. Just look at the pictures and you know what you're getting into. If you come to NOLA with a meat lover. Do yourself a favor and stop here.Toups has one of the best meat boards I've ever had! It is a delicious appetizer, or a great main course option if you just want a light dinner. The cheese board is also fantastic. A must for any girls night out or date night! The cocktails are also really well made and delicious. I highly recommend.Went for lunch and got seats for my table outside. It was such a beautiful day. Why stay indoors? Our server was nice and very informative. The food was absolutely delicious especially the Boudin. Would like to return for the dinner.Went in for lunch and waited 45 minutes for my food! Once my food arrived the burger was cold and raw in the middle  in which was suppose to be medium. The chips were soggy also. The app on the other hand was good the pork lettuce wraps. I tried to reach out with no response !Blown away by the amazing food! Of course that doesn't go without saying the service was even better!bi look forward to this place soon...very soon.Really great find in mid city with not that many high quality restraraunts in the area. Good staff. Good wine. Awesome third party dessert. Huge portions.I had been wanting to try Toups for some time and was very excited to pay them a visit.
K and I arrived on a Thursday night and there was a short wait. It looked very busy when we walked in and we almost left, but we were told 15 minutes, and that was a pretty accurate estimate.
We started with the Meatery Board and an a la carte order of the boudin balls. We also got a bottle of pinot grigio. We don't normally get bottles of wine at restaurants, but we were celebrating my new job offer.
The wine was delicious and the service nearly impeccable. Our server kept the bottle on ice for us and did a good job of refilling our glasses. I think I only noticed one time where our glasses were almost empty.
The meatery board was very good. The daily terrine was made with curry in it and it was so good. The cracklins had me going back to them again and again while acknowledging the possibility of a heart attack. The daily sausage on our visit was kind of dry, but still pretty good with a slight kick. It was my first time trying rillons and they were pretty good. The pickled veggies were supposed to be a mix of carrots, jalapenos, and onions, I think, but we only got carrots. I also wish they would have given us some more pickles and condiments with the charcuterie overall, but I guess that's why they sell a separate pickle plate. Boo.
We initially had the intention of sharing the meatery board and ordering a main dish each, and when our server asked us--almost as soon as we go the charcuterie--we put in our order. He was smart, because had he come a little bit later, we probably would have shared one main.
K ordered the double-cut pork chops and I got the short ribs. I much preferred K's pork chops over my short ribs. The ribs were way too sweet and I didn't like the texture at all. It was jelly-like instead of meaty. I still have the leftovers in my fridge and I haven't even touched it. K's pork chops were quite good, but on reheat the next day it was really greasy. The dirty rice tasted like it had taco seasoning in it. I didn't dislike it, but I prefer the traditional dirty rice.
Maybe we didn't pick the right main dishes for us, but I'm kind of unimpressed with the large plates. I think we'll probably go back and split the meatery board over some drinks and maybe try the salted caramel, peanut butter, bacon doberge cake next time, but not full on pig out.Really not our restaurant in any way, shape, or form.  We tried it a couple times two years ago and never came back.  Thought we'd try again.  It's still really loud inside and not warm in the least.  It just feels harsh. What's more, it's very, very pricey for what it is. The quality is just not that high and the drinks truly suck.  I'm frankly thinking that folks leaving 5 star reviews here need to get out more.  My God it's New Orleans!  BTW, did I say it was LOUD!This place is the bee's knees. The cat's pajamas. But seriously, toups should be in the dictionary as the definition of a meatery. Their take on deviled eggs was simple, but effective. Instead of the usual paprika topping, they use a jalapeño and caviar. Delicious! The meatery board is a must have, and I will get this(as an app to share) every single time I return. Can you say gabagoool! Not to mention the candied pork belly. My entree, the Cuban sandwich, was the nipple on the titty. After living in Miami for 4 years, I thought I'd had the best of the best when it comes to Cubans. O no... This New Orleans style Cuban was the best I've ever had and this is due in large part to the coke-glazed onions which give the sandwich a perfect hint of tanginess. Service was great. Very friendly and knowledgeable. Relatively speaking, toups is a little pricey. However,
For the quality an quantity of food, it was a non-issue. Went around 1 o clock and had no trouble getting a table. I've heard reservations are necessary sometimes for dinner. I can't wait to go back to Toups and try the coveted lamb neck, which I hear is also the nipple on the titty. With that said, I'm going to take a nap because I am stuffed after a splendid lunch at the Meatery.we 'live' down the street from toups whenever we stay at our friend's place during the jazz fest. on our last night we decided to dine and try toups.  warning: toups is for the carnivore lover. vegetarians need to avoid toups and should not even walk within 10 feet from  toups. lol!  we started with bevvies, pimms for me and mint julep for my man in honor of the ky derby.  delectables include foie gras, deviled eggs and fried shrimp.  we finished with the short ribs with the root beer glazed and finger lickin' good! their service is fantastic, friendly and happy.Great find. We were a group of five. They have a nice patio upfront with gas heaters for the colder season. Very good lunch options. Definitely try the Toups' burger, the chef's lunch and the cranklins. The burger comes with chips and an amazing mayo sauce. The chef's lunch includes the burger, your choice of beer and Boudin (3 meatball size  pieces). The cranklins are fried pork pieces, for us it felt like home but it can be a bit too oily for someone else. They do not have a lot of beer to choose from, but the wine list is quite large.We were in NOLA for two days to celebrate the hubbo's birthday and he chose Toup's for his bday meal. We stopped in during lunchtime and got the meat board, some foie, and an extra order of cracklin. A piece of doberge cake for dessert.  We loved sampling everything and left with huge smiles on our faces. We are already planning another visit, this time we're excited for the full dinner experience!We stumbled into a table at Toups after yelping nearby restaurants from the mini-putt course at City Park without realizing the Top Chef celebrity connection. Our group included 2 pescetarians who were very amused eating at a Meatery. I would highly recommend the Louisiana Crab Craws, the Roasted Gulf Shrimp and the Arugula Salad from the small plates menu. And if you ever see crab fat on any menu, in this case in the form of crab fat fried rice, order it! It's delicious. 
The meat eaters enjoyed the lamb neck and confit chicken thighs. Our cocktails and the wine list were top notch. Overall a very solid meal that we enjoyed a lot. Definitely worth paring with a visit to City Park and a journey outside of the French Quarter. Was it the best meal we ate in New Orleans? No, but it was still a great experience.Great food, cool atmosphere, fun staff. I totally recommend everyone go.
Had my birthday dinner here with 5 people. We all ordered different disses and everyone said they liked them.
The Meatery Board is a must order. Many different cured meats, terrines, pickles and other deliciousness. 
I had double cut pork chop. It was crazy thick cut, way more than one person could eat, but still cooked properly. 
I tried some of my friend's lamb neck, it was tender lamby goodness. 
I will be back.Wow eeee wow wow... As the great Christopher Walken would say. Absolutely incredible from beginning to end. Service is awesome, food incredible. Drinks are amazeballs. We will be back again as soon as possible.Casual place serving truly elevated food. Not a weak moment-- every dish from start to dessert had interesting ingredients and great flavor. The Seafood Couvillion was the bomb.My friend and I decided we needed a yummy cheese board and nice glass of wine, so Toup's was our pick. 
As we arrived a waitress blocked us from entering the restaurant saying that we can't eat here because they are too full. She said they did't have the wait staff to serve us. 
You would think that for a restaurant that is already experiencing financial difficulty that they would welcome all patrons and find a way to make it work. 
Absolutely RIDICULOUS! Such bad business. 
I will NEVER attempt the drive there again knowing I may be blocked at the door.Great place for lunch. Start with a Dr Rouge to drink which was very smooth.  Had the meatery board veggies and trout deviled eggs. All very good and worth trying. Definitely on our places to ear at again.I would have given this place 5 stars had it not been for my server. She appeared to have a little attitude, like she really didn't want to be there. But I was not going to let her ruin my date night with my husband. So I just ignored her and got into the food. My husband started with a very nice whiskey on the rocks and I ordered a bottle of wine. We got the full meat tray to start and it was amazing! Our favorites from the tray were the boudin balls, the candied pork belly and the chicken liver pate. But everything was delicious. It is a lot of food for 25.00 and so worth it!  Then we shared a seafood dish with this heavy dark, kind of like a sauce piquant that stuck to the shrimp and fish. Very good! Next time I will get the pork chop. It takes an hour to prepare and looks beautifulWe had dinner during peak dinner hour of a Saturday night and it was nothing short of exceptional. The service was great, the restaurant itself is cute, our waiter was wonderful, and the food is nothing short of amazing. It is a little expensive but other than that it is a very unique experience in New Orleans. We had a wonderful cheeseboard, the daily pate, and incredible steaks. We loved it and will definitely return.Disappointing! So sad...haven't been here in 2 years. Our table was one of the first in the restaurant; took 1.5 hours to be served entree. Shrimp was over cooked; unappetizing flavor. Roasted artichoke was burned. Accompanied cheese sticks burned. Cucumber salad was slightly passable. Duck was good but mediocre. So sorry to have this experience-- waiter was way too proud of himself. Not worth the $140+ for 4 of us (no alcohol).I went on the recommendation of a friend - and won't take that friend's recommendation anymore.  I'm a fan of meat, even meat that's out of the ordinary, but a large part of the menu didn't appeal to me.  So, I suppose this place proved I'm not as adventurous of a diner as I thought.  I did enjoy the cheese plate and steak entree.  The steak was cooked as requested.  The duck was not good.  It's hard to explain - the flavor just was not pleasant.  It was sort of vinegary.  I usually like boudin balls but these were way too salty.  The cucumber salad was good - very fresh and light.Got the meat board... Yummy. The house made sausage was flavorful and juicy. The cracklin was crispy and delicious. The hog head cheese, and boudin ball was the best I have had. The terrine was something I've never had but i found it delicious. And finally, I've NEVER been able to acquire a taste for chicken liver, however Chef Isaacs mouse when eaten on crispy bread was surprisingly delicate and tasty. Chef Toups and myself share the same last name (no relation) and same taste buds!! I can't wait to go back.Great dinner. Best cracklings ever. This place gives you the meat sweats in the best way. Great staff too!  Personable service.Had a smorgasbord of meat from all parts of the animal...all some of the best cuts I've eaten this year.
Lamb neck, Head Cheese, bone marrow, blood sausage...and the meatery Board was amazing.  Good selection of beers and cocktails as well.  overall an amazing experience.  Will definitely be back.Much better than the garbage served at the French Quarter. Expensive? Yes, a bit expensive. But It's worth the extra 20% price.Wow, what a meal! We visited NOLA during December and this was one of the first restaurants we wanted to check out. 
We ordered:
Louisiana Crab Claws - We wanted to order a dish that is non-red meat and this stood out! They brought out a chilled glass with lots of tiny claws inside. There were pieces of sweet, grilled pickled pineapple mixed in. The dish was cool, fresh (from the pineapple), with a bit of kick from Thai chilis. There was some juice at the bottom of the glass and we tried to get as much of that on the claws as possible! 
Lamb Neck - This was THE dish and main reason we wanted to go to Toups'. The picture of the plate doesn't look as big but its a huge chunk of meat. Definitely can feed two with this one dish! The meat was succulent and fall-off-the-bone tender. The black eye pea ragout was so delicious and soaked in all the flavor from the lamb. 
Bone Marrow (off menu special) - When we heard there was bone marrow, we usually don't say no. Plus, it came with chicken liver mousse on toast. The marrow was topped with chunks of meat, I forgot if it was ham hock or another salted meat. We cleaned off the marrow and thats when the waitress stopped by to say the dish actually came with a shot of Irish whiskey. We don't say no to free alcohol either! She brought over the bottle and apparently the shot is through the bone! The hubs seemed to enjoy it. haha 
We were so full from just these three dishes. Bring on the meat sweats.I wrote a mediocre review a few months after they first opened, but now my tune has changed! Last night's dinner was superb- from very creative farm to table salads, perfect small plates of Covey Rise vegetables and a perfect preparation of steak. Even though the place was packed, the service was great. ThanksFood was unbelievable.  One of the best meals I have ever had.  However, we (8 of us) found the server rude & impatient.   His attitude seemed to be that he was doing us a favor.  He did know the menu well & could answer all of our questions.  We will definately return for the food & will hope we get a better server.I'm still unsure about the culture that we've built around celebrity chefs.  I'm still a little suspicious and wonder if it's a good thing.  On the one hand, it has brought about long-overdue recognition for the people that conceive, execute and then bring to the table the wonderful food that makes the one life you live exciting along with shark diving, base jumping and enjoying fugu.  On the other hand, it seems that social and popular media conspire to build up only to destroy these chefs.  I don't understand it and see why chefs are necessarily wary of engaging their fans and navigating their restaurants and professional reputations through the murky waters of the "inter webs" and social media.  
Chefs after all are just normal folk who happen to be possessed of inhuman abilities to cook, prepare and present food that when eaten not only makes you feel but BE a better person!  In this, there is no ambiguity for me.  I respect the genius of the chef.  I adore the attention of the line cooks.  I appreciate the overall experience for what it is, an opportunity to enjoy the the fruits of a craftsman's labor and attention.
In this regard, Chef Isaac's Toups' Meatery does not disappoint.  I have read the slings and arrows against this fine establishment, alleging everything short of grand larceny.  If you say you are the foodie that you are, and would describe a visit to Toups' Meatery as a pilgrimage, that is  If you were a true foodie, someone who actually took the time and attention to truly appreciate every single bite and every molecule of flavor in that bite, then presentation, service, cutlery and even hygiene might be just so much noise to you.  Why is everybody complaining about portion sizes and the wait staff??  
In defending Chef Toups and his cuisine, I counter that anybody who complained about Toups' Meatery has no business being there anyway, that they have missed the point of the whole exercise entirely, that they might even be possessed of dubious and nefarious motives in choosing to dine at Toups'.  For these lost and misguided souls, there is no salvation anyway, better that Chef Toups' culinary vision not be distracted and the food remain pure than for the petty myopia of taste-dead yokels be entertained.
Play on, Chef Toups, and give me excess of it!  Your food will live on whether in a permanent space, a pop-up or a food-truck!!After seeing Chef Isaac on Top Chef my wife and I were determined to visit his restaurant. A short trip from St Louis to NOLA for a meeting provided such opportunity. 
Toups is a great restaurant adorned with English mount animal heads and old black and white farm pictures.  A foreshadowing of the meal to come!
Starters were smoked trout deviled eggs topped with cracklins and the foie gras. The foie was some of the best I've ever eaten, a perfect portion size too. The deviled eggs were served in 5 making it a meal unto itself. Both apps were so good my wife and I were eager to order more food. 
Main courses were venison and the lamb neck. The venison was cooked perfectly and the seasoning was spot on. I've killed, cooked and eatin a lot of venison and can't recall it tasting nearly as good as Toups. Life changing! My wife is a connoisseur of lamb. My family has a farm where we raise and eat lamb. In saying that, the look on my wife's face when she tasted the lamb neck meat with the black eyed peas was one of pure culinary  satisfaction. 
The evening was brought full circle when leaving we ran into the man himself, Chef Isaac Toups. Chef Isaac took the time to shake our hands, introduced himself and his wife Amanda. We praised his great food, apologized for disturbing him and wished him well. He's just as you'd expect, souther style nice guy to the core.  I'll be sure to visit again soon. Thank youAmazing food amazing atmosphere and amazing service. Food always tasty and delicious.We went for dinner the other night because we love meat, and we wanted to see what all of the hype was about.
Starters--boudin balls, deep fried--meh. The color and consistency of the boudin was off-putting. The cracklins, though, were delicious. They were bite-sized and fried to perfection. Yum.
I had the tri-tip. It was delicious, but theI feel bad leaving negative comments, but I was not impressed at all, and it sucks because I am a mid city supporter.  The cracklins were salty and the cheese was not a big deal.  The faux gras (don't know how to spell that) was cheap in flavor.  Sorry y'allMEAT!
No, seriously, they have it in every form. From lamb cheek, to ox tail no part of the animal can go uneaten here. They make cheese boards, charcuterie boards, and even pickled boards. We came by ourselves to have a small night out and split some things. The chicken thighs were cooked perfectly and both legs were plentiful. We split some cheeses and a pickled vegetable plate. It was all interesting. The service was quick and friendly. They make specialty cocktails and have a good selection of whiskey and bourbons.Came here for lunch on the recommendation of a friend. The food was really good, but I couldn't say the same for the speed. I had a burger which was fantastic, it was juicy and flavorful. The bun and toppings/dressings were also delicious. The homemade potato chips were also quite good. The server was nice enough, he took our order and refilled our drinks frequently.
The one downfall was the time we waited to get our meal. We waited just over an hour for burgers and sandwiches. I would definitely give Toups another try.I had such high hopes for this place after rooting for Toups in top chef and reading the reviews, but had one of the worst dining experiences I've had in a while here. 
We had a late seating on a Saturday night, and we were a small party of 2 who couldn't compete with the large group who came in just after us. We got checked in on just a few times, drinks came after our meals arrived, and my husband's drink was not good (which they did remove from the tab). The night's saving grace was the venison, which was delicious. The meat board was fun to try all the different options, but was quite heavy for just two people. None of the workers seemed very happy to be there. This place just did not live up to the hype.This was the place we were most excited about trying on our trip back home to New Orleans. My husband and I loved watching Chef Issac on Top Chef, and we're really wanting to love his restaurant. The food itself was great. We weren't huge fans of their take on poutine, but that was the only thing we ordered that missed the mark. The service, on the other hand,was so bad that it overshadowed the good food. We never had the same waiter or waitress the whole time. I think there were 5 different people who came to drop off/pick up food, but no one consistently checking in to refill drinks etc. The amount ($20 + per plate for lunch) definitely doesn't warrant the service we received. It also took a good 30+ minutes to get the actual meals out, but no one checked on us that whole time. The other small thing is the bathroom was really gross, and the restaurant was super casual, not on par with the expensive menu. Overall, I think some changes need to be made for us to return.One of the best restaurants in New Orleans. I'd recommend this place to anyone. I was concerned about the Meatery aspect, but everything was healthy and delicious. They also had vegan options and the service was above par. 10/10Our hotel was in the CBD, so Toups was an under $10 Uber ride which was excellent. Our driver told us about a bunch of places to eat and drink I hope you get him if you venture out of the French Quarter!  He's an older guy and knows what he's talking about!  The guy who owns this place is on Top Chef and I didn't see him but he knows about meat, especially with the meatery plate and all. The last time we were in town we were in this neighborhood and we went to Wit's Inn and the meat wasn't nearly as good and the pizza was soggy but they had lots of tvs so it was cool.WORST SERVICE EVER!!!! We came on Wednesday prior to Jazz Fest and waited 90 minutes for our food!! The waiter was the worst I have ever experienced.  He did not even attempt to improve the situation.  He told us "your table is in the corner, therefore you can't see how busy it is in this restaurant." That is completely UNACCEPTABLE! On top of that, when asked to speak to a manager he said "he's in the kitchen, he doesn't talk to people during Jazz Fest."  What kind of service is that???!!!!  And then you have the nerve to add a 20% tip because we had 5 adults and two children!!!!  
If this is how you treat people on Wednesday night, imagine how the service is while Jazz Fest is actually happening!! I have been coming to NOLA for 10 years for Jazz Fest and have NEVER EXPERIENCED THIS TREATMENT!  
With all the fabulous food this city has to offer, do not settle for this attitude!!
Plenty of amazing good food and lovely southern hospitality elsewhere!!!
DO NOT EAT HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE TREATED LIKE CRAP!Nice intimate atmosphere! Pimm's  cup was delicious and I tried the Pork Chop. Highly recommended! Cooked perfectly and the rice dressing type side was great!One of our favorites when I want something a little nicer but still fairly casual. The decor and service are phenomenal. I always get the charcuterie board as my meal because the variety and amount served is perfect!Awesome place!!! Food is outstanding. Servers are very knowledgeable about the food they bring to the table. Be sure to try their cocktails!!! The Meatery Board is a most!!! Chef Toups is truly a Too Chef in my eyes!!!The food was amazing! We had the meatery plate and deviled eggs to start. We couldn't get enough of all of it. The pork chop was one of the best I have ever had. The chicken was so tender, it glided off the bone. The flavorings of all the meals was amazing. There wasn't one thing I didn't enjoy. For dessert they have cakes from Debbie Does Doberge....Delicious!!! They had a special king cake version which I definitely recommend. You will want to order it ahead of time. We did and we were glad we did, we got the last pieces. Definitely will be going back to this place!Holy crap, this meal was delightful. Everything was delicious, from the cocktails, to the meatery board (I will be dreaming about those cracklins), the deviled eggs, the crab claws, the gulf shrimp, the couvillion, and the dessert cocktails. Did I mention the cocktails? So happy to have had the opportunity to eat here and will have to return when I next come to New Orleans!So I had very high hopes for this place but I was so let down. 
I ordered a to-go lunch of the Daily Gulf Fish Sandwich listed at $16 on the menu... 
After the bill was paid I was handed a to-go bag that felt incredibly light for $17.56 (not including the obligatory $1 credit card tip) but I thought the contents would make up for it.
I get back to work and open the box up to a 5" long sub on stale French bread (I was REALLY hoping the bread would be Bellegarde's) and some overly seasoned house chips. The fish was good but after discarding the stale bread it was gone in 3 bites. Three bites!  I felt so ripped off and after a couple chips, threw it away. 
I realize the place is a MEATERY but after my terribly over priced lunch and general dissatisfaction, I'd be hesitant to go back for their good stuff and shutter to think how much it goes for.Been meaning to write this for some time,since May actually.  Went on a Tuesday evening.  Maybe it was because chefs were off, but food was not good.  The meat board was excellent, so we were pretty full when we got our entrees.  I ordered chicken confit and it came on turnip greens.  The turnips were too salty to eat and were thrown away.  I took most of the entrees home and thought it was because we were so full from the appetizer that food didn't taste so good and would be better the next night.  I was wrong.  I gave the chicken to the dogs.  My daughter's duck was ok, but pretty bland.  I grilled it the next night and gave to give it some flavor, and it was much better.  The vegetables that came with the duck were bland and not worth eating.  Again, the meat board was excellent and service good, but that doesn't make up for throw away entrees.  And, I don't get it.  Toups South is excellent.  I've been there twice, once for dinner and once for brunch and it's 5 stars.  I guess it depends on who the executive chef is and if they care.This place exceeded my expectations, went with a group of 8 people, and had one of the best meals. Everything is sinfully delicious, but if I had to recommend my favorite dishes, it would be the BBQ goat, the fois gras and the crackling. Oh and let's not forget the bacon desert.I'm late in posting but we went to Toups over Jazz Fest and again the night before Father's Day.  It's ALWAYS great.  I think we've now had every protein on the menu which is a lot!  My favorite is the lamb's neck and the pork chop.  Finally had a chance to try the bone marrow with duck hearts, the flank steak, and their homemade potato chips (love them).  Everything here is delicious and meaty.  Planning to bike over for lunch soon to try the burger and the fried chicken sandwich.Whoa. This place. Saw the Chef on that tv show and couldn't wait to try. Next to Commander's, best place I've eaten in the city-and we've eaten a lot!
Husband had best Meat Board he's ever had and especially loved the candied pork belly, and liver pâté. Also hd a good beer selection. 
I had the chicken sandwich. I realize that's not their speciality; however, it was the best I've had. It had a nice mayo spread and cabbage. It was delicious. 
And the cornbread. Oh the cornbread. Get the cornbread. 
Great service too. Can't wait to return!We stumbled upon this restaurant after going to the lights at the Park and LOVED IT. I got the oxtail and the meal fell off the bone. The ambiance was Northwester Hipster (could have been the rain) but it felt less touristy than any place we went to in the quarter.So many meats, all so awesome. Started off with cracklins, can't go wrong there. Enjoyed the meat plate, which just had too much to remember, but it was all awesome. Finished the meal layered peanut butter cake which had some spice to it, and just finished off the meal rightMy excitement for this place may have made my expectations unattainable- however, I think this was a solid 3.5. What I love about this place is the snout to tail attitude. One of the highlights for me was the meatery board. It allows you to taste the essence of what they are known for. Loved the liver mousse, bbq pork belly, boudin balls, and headcheese. It was resourceful and delicious. Another highlight was the diver scallops special. It was diver scallops, grilled peaches, on grits, with bacon. This was absolutely perfect in every way. It also was a great way to balance the meat board. Two things I was not obsessed with: the crab claws and service. The claws were missing brightness. The service was not super friendly and a little awkward. This was weird because every single other place we went In New Orleans was super friendly. The waiters were so inattentive no one even noticed when a woman fell while walking through the small restaurant (bartender was MIA, there was no front house staff, no waiters around) she was fine, but, where is everyone? Anyways, the highlights were fabulous and the lowlights are fixable. Worth a visit depending on what you are looking for on your NOLA visit !Awful!  Food service slow and food was terribly salty.  From New York City came because chef was on top chef.  Really disappointed.  We ordered the meatery board, which was decent, the venison which was salty and the shrimp couvillion which was ridiculously saltyBefore I start, I came here specifically for the Double Cut pork chop. A friend raved about it, and I could not resist! 
Street parking was easy to find. The restaurant had great dark ambiance. I had a reservation. 
Cocktail: 
Old Fashioned $8 - Strong and satisfying even though the appearance was lacking.
Sides as appetizers: 
Boudin balls $6 - the Boudin itself was nothing new but pairing it with the sauce and thin sliced dill pickles changed the flavor in a way that works. The plate was wiped clean. 
Cracklins $8 - the smaller pieces were crispy. The larger pieces needed to be fried harder to my liking! It was good, but I had some before that were just as good. We allowed the waiter to take away the leftovers before bringing out the mother of all porkchops. 
Large Plate/Entrée:
Double Cut Pork Chop $32 - usually I'd get a nice juicy steak or a gulf fish. Not today. This bad boy changed my whole perspective of pork chops.  The chop was sitting on top a bed of dirty rice and drizzled with cane syrup gastrique. The first bite hit my taste buds soo hard, I couldn't believe it. The dirty rice consistency threw me off because it was a little too meaty, but then again I only wanted the chop! My final thoughts, no way in hell a normal human being can finish this single portion! 
For the first time in my life, I debated if I should brush my teeth or call it the night with this divine taste in my mouth. Of course I went with the former because I'll just eat the leftovers tomorrow.
Update next day: I opened my Togo box and was disappointed. The waiter packaged my friends porkchop and mine but handed us the wrong ones. Why take our plates and togo it you can't do it right. I'm still going to eat it.
Knocked off a star for overall experience.A real stunner. I may have found my new home. Conveniently located, moderately priced, ambitious yet casual food, fantastic and friendly service, refined yet accessible in all aspects. For someone with a short attention span and a high need for novelty when it comes to food, I'm almost embarrassed to admit how many times I've now been here in the past couple of months. 
Service- Friendly, knowledgeable, and competent. Larry keeps the place lively. He didn't win maitre d' of the year for no good reason, after all. Cafe Minh's loss is Toup's gain. 
Drinks-Full bar. Fun, moderately adventurous cocktail menu...all of which is available by the pitcher for $25. Try the pontchatoula punch, a rosemary-laced boozy lemonade with an abundance of muddled strawberries ($30 a pitcher, you'll have enough strawberries left over at the bottom of the pitcher to garnish your dessert with). The pineapple basil margaritas are nice as well; I like mine with extra basil.
Food- Lunch is dangerously affordable. All lunch entrees are $10. Outrageous! I think that's why I feel compelled to drive up each lunch bill with an obligatory pitcher of...anything. What's your problem? I work nights, so usually I start drinking at (your) breakfast time. A pitcher of cocktails at lunch is downright civilized in my world. 
The burger is among the best I can recall. Cheddar, slightly sweet pickled summer squash, herbed aioli, half-pork, half-beef, loose grind, juice running all down your chin and (hopefully) on to the house-made potato chips.....awwww yeah! Chef's lunch for $20 includes the burger, an order of boudin balls (little to no rice, a little untraditional, and fantastic), and a beer. It's what the man in your life wants. 
The chicken sandwich is the next obligatory lunch stop. Ridiculously tender fried chicken with big honkin slices of brie that quickly become delightfully gooey and unctuous, grilled red cabbage slaw with flecks of salami.
Foodie alert: Meatery board, assorted pickle plate, chicken liver mousse. If you have to say no to something, these are not those items. The charcuterie board is all house made with some regular items and some surprises. Regulars include boudin ball, spicy cured pork shoulder, pork belly rillons, oh and did I mention ....fresh cracklin?! I have it on good authority that this is in fact what they serve as an amuse when you're standing while waiting in line at the pearly gates, and it always comes from Toup's. There's also always a different sausage and a country style pork terrine; I've never seen the same one twice. There's some nice Moroccan-spiced oil-cured olives and some bread & butter pickles on there as well. However, if you're into fun pickled items you've gotta try the unpredictable pickle plate: ginger pickled beets, cinnamon pickled grapes, curry pickled cauliflower, pickled fennel ....and it always changes. The chicken liver mousse is a stunner. I will likely never not order it in the future. Slightly sweet, light and fluffy, yet still decadently rich and creamy.
Dinner highlights for me have included the incredibly flavorful chicken thigh confit and braised lamb neck. Desserts are limited to a selection of doberge cakes, provided by their neighbor Debbie Does Doberge (bonus points awarded for the name alone). This is the doberge that can change the religion of any Gambino's traditionalist. One permanent offering is the salted caramel, peanut butter, bacon doberge. Are you kidding?! What else in the world more could you possibly want? To be able to dine on such delicacies whilst dressed in shorts and flip-flops in a relaxed atmosphere in a supremely convenient mid-city location with ample neighborhood parking? Well then, Toup's Meatery is the place for you too. (I don't actually wear flip flops out of the house, but just saying...)We arrived at Toups as soon as they opened for dinner service. The cheery host informed us that the entire restaurant was reserved, but it was okay to dine at the bar. Like us, we assumed that many patrons were inspired to try Toups Meatery because of Chef Toups's Top Chef success. It's worth it to note that the season was airing during our visit which may account for all the reservations. Long story short, make a reservation if you prefer to sit at a table.  
Get the Double Cut Pork Chop. Don't hesitate, just do it. It's huge and PACKED with flavor. Everything else we ordered was just okay. There was a seafood fondue plate, some kettle chips and BBQ goat, a couple of cocktails. None of which were very memorable except for how salty they were. 
Our experience was fair, overall.Have been waiting to try toups for awhile now, and my dad is a big fan of Top Chef, so when he was visiting seemed like a great time. Our server was awesome and answered all my dad's questions about Top Chef that I'm sure many visitors ask. We appreciated his kindness.
The food was FINE. The smoked trout deviled eggs were our winner.  Everything with the exception of the Seafood Couvillion (which was perfectly spiced) was over salted.  The desserts were not thrilling (but you'd think a peanut butter salted caramel doberge cake with bacon would be!!) but just too sweet and not a hint of peanut butter flavor). 
I really wanted to love toups, really really. I don't think I'd come back unfortunately. I read in many other 2-3 star reviews that the food was too salty, so I can only hope someone looks this over and a change can be made. I know business is good, but would love to be a return customer as the service was so friendly, and the menu options are seemingly exciting. 
I also was sort of frustrated, because I called to move our reservation up a bit, and they said they were unable to change it, but both when we arrived and left there were many open tables, so not quite sure what that's about.Holy fuck this place is amazing. Nuff saidFriends and I got the meat and cheese plates and a decent bottle of wine. We also had the meatballs. Ample amount of bread was served, and the staff was very friendly. The aged cheddar was awesome, as were some of the meats.
My complaints / criticisms are that some of the meats were just plain gross... gelatinous, fatty, cold meat will never be a high mark in my book. there was also some kind of pudding smear stuff that was not good. The brie was really not my thing either, bitter and simply tasted bad.
Perhaps an approach where patrons could choose from a selection of meats and cheeses would be better? There also needs to be more palate cleanser items or dare I say some vegetables served with the meat/cheese trays.
The meatballs were ok, but some complained that the sauce tasted too sweet, like ketchup. We left plenty full, but all spoke of stomach problems later.
Toup's is sort of an eclectic joint, but It's nice to know there are more options in mid-city. The interior is spartan clean, and the bar is nice. I'd like to try their lunch, which has items (lettuce wraps) that are strangely not available on dinner menu.Positives first. Excellent Meatery Board and good diversity of charcuterie offerings.
Negatives: plate and silverware dirty. Restaurant Cleanliness a serious issue. Drinks were terrible and bartender not personable. 
Too many great choices in Nola to give this place another visit. Wish them the bestExtraordinary food and service. The meat platter is the best if it's kind, anywhere. The cracklings are the best I've ever had. I also had the lamb neck which was fork tender, full of flavor and as big as my head. Cheerful and bowled gable staff that made excellent recommendations Great cocktails tooI don't know if it's Chef Toups' skill or just that New Orleans has a much higher expectation for charcuterie, but the meatery board we had for lunch on New Year's Eve blew away anything we've ever had at a Cleveland restaurant.
But lets start at the beginning -- the small place right on the streetcar line has a nice neighborhood restaurant vibe and the drinks we had were well crafted (could taste all the various tart notes and they were smooth even with a lot of alcohol in them).
Knowing the Meatery Board ($25) was going to be our main course, we started off with the Louisiana Crab Claws ($14). It was a cold dish served in a medium sized glass. It was full of small claws (I was expecting only a tease of 3-4 claws), pickled pineapple and tomatoes as well as some chili sauce to give it a little spice. A perfectly refreshing way to start a meal that promised to have meat and more meat.
Now, we're used to just seeing several thinly sliced salumi on a cutting board as well as some pickled veggies. So we were blown away by a vegetarian's nightmare. There was a fried boudin ball that was my favorite (deep fried meat = genius), a chicken liver mousse that was nice and silky, a terrine that included nuts and cranberries to give it a nice winter feel, a hog head cheese (can now cross that off my culinary bucket list), some pork belly which I let Jeannene have most of so I could steal most of the boudin ball, some slices of ham that even though was the simplest item on the board still had beautifully subtle smoky notes, and then there was a nice, respectable hunk of sausage. Off to the side was a pile of cracklins, each of which had a nice bite of pork inside.
And it goes without saying the board included crackers, pickled veggies and fruits and mustards that all were perfect accompaniments.
"Meatery" sparks a certain expectation as did the chef's appearance on Top Chef, and we weren't disappointed.Would never go back. Waitress was stoned/drunk or both. We took some out of town guests for what we expected to be a nice dinner (given the prices). They were out of 1/2 of what we tried to order, and many of the things on the menu were incorrect/nonexistent. We ordered drinks, apps and dinner anyway. Everything took forever to come to the table, despite there being only 3 other tables in the restaurant. We got dinner before 1/2 the apps. When they finally came out - they were out of several items and replaced them with items we already had without asking. Restaurant was freezing too, we asked for them to turn up the heat several times - finally just ordered hot drinks to hover over while we waited and waited for apps. It was a total mess. Owner comped us 1 drink (not each - I mean just 1 drink) for "all the problems" despite an over $300 bill. Spend your money elsewhere.Overall the food was decent but, the drunken shrimp was horrid: I was drunken and couldn't eat it.  The waitress said "I can tell you don't like it."  And I responded, "I definitely don't love it but let me have a minute with it."  Shrimp tasted old as if it had been cooked earlier in the day, and it had way too much cumin & pepper. It was inedible. When I determined that I couldn't eat it, we asked for a manager.  We talked to the him (Larry?)about my concerns,  he told me "Well that's your personal opinion."  It was so insulting, he could have cared less that I was given old food, will never go back there. Amateurish and unprofessional.What a great eating experience--stuffing face with the most amazing meats-- smoked, cured and prepared. The most amazing thing about Toups is the menu. How a kitchen can execute so many 5 star dishes is beyond me. I had two appetizers--deviled eggs and gulf shrimp. The deviled eggs were the most talked about but the gulf shrimp blew me away. To list them on the menu as just roasted greatly understates the flavor they retain. I could drink that sauce! Of course, I had to try the meat plate being my first time at Toups. Every ingredient was prepared and placed do delicately and attentively. Easily the number of different ingredients and the way in which they were prepared could easily fill up sheet of paper, front and back. Highlights from the meat plate are cracklins and chicken sausage.The food was subpar. Our mussels were on the verge of bad, which we notified our waitress of, yet were still charged.  The only dish we had which was good was the charcuterie board. Everything else was forgettable at best.We had a wonderful dinner at Toup's last night!  We had the meat board and I was really excited to have a chance to try a little of everything.  The stand outs were the chicken liver mousse, the tongue and all of the olives and pickles.  The mussels and the cocktails were also wonderful.  The service was also very friendly.  Next time we look forward to sitting outside on the patio and trying the pork chop.I dined here with my best friend. We waited at the bar for a few minutes before our 8pm reservation. The restaurant was packed. Service was great. The waitress checked with the kitchen which dishes were porkless. We had the pickled vegetables, duck pate, venison and wagyu steak. The waitress explained that the chef recommended medium rare for our meats and asked if it was okay. She said it in a nice and not pretentious about it. The food was so delicious. My friend said the sauce on my venison reminded her of a traditional Persian dish. We were both very happy with everything we ordered. The meats were perfectly cooked and so delicious! I liked the wagyu steak slightly more than the venison. Overall it was such a pleasant dining experience. It was kind of dark and romantic inside. I'd recommend it for date night.Great food. Slow and not so great service. 
Meats were very good. I had the pork belly lettuce wraps.Everything to eat at this place is pretty amazing! The meat board is a must. You get to try all of there best items! I love that this place is seasonal so they always have the freshest food! I had the quail which was phenomenal! Lick the plate good! I love this place.  I will be back!Loved it!!
 We were in town for a family wedding but knew we wanted to seek in a visit to see Chef Issac in action!  Service was terrific . Our server was lovely - I wish I remembered her name but she had some awesome tattoos and was fun and professional and very knowledgeable about the menu - she really helped make our experience enjoyable.
Really nice wine selection - not overly pretentious - some good choices
SMALL PLATES:
We had the meatery board - Amazing -  a  little hard to share among the 6  but we still enjoyed it. Silkiest chicken mousse ever. Great terrine and beautful meats. Our server warned us there is a single boudin ball on the board, so we ordered another side of those - so tasty
Veal Sweetbread Poutine - cheddar cheese curds, potatoes, green onion gravy - These were out of this world good - even people who "hate sweetbreads" loved these.
Smoked Trout Deviled Eggs w/ trout roe, pickled jalapeno - these were good but not great - i think they needed a little more kick.
Cracklins - Oh my - these are dangerous - I could a hundred tons of these - so good.
LARGE PLATES
Lamb Neck  - black eye pea ragout, fennel - deeply satisfying- falling off the bone but still fresh tasting - just great.
Confit Chicken Thighs - ham braised greens, dijon cream, lardons - so rich and so good -we practically licked the plate
Wagyu Terres Major  garlic potato puree, corn chow chow, ancho demi glacé - a perfectly cooked piece of great meat,. 
Gulf Seafood Couvillion - Louisiana Gulf fish, shrimp, crab fat rice - one of the best broths I have ever tasted - every bit of this was great - loved it.
Venison - caramelized onion barley, horseradish creme fraiche, seasonal jam - Hands down the best venison i have ever tasted - I think it might have been the favorite dish n the table.
DESSERT
 Doberge cake - salted caramel, peanut butter, bacon and cayenne frosting - great rich and shared with 6 people because we ate sooo much food.I couldn't wait to write this review so here I am, sitting in the restaurant.  If you think that food can't move you in the same way as a well composed symphony or that one scene at the end of toy story 3, then you've never eaten here.  Their foie gras was the best I've ever eaten.  The "Meatery Board" showed me the face of God.  The lamb neck laid me to rest.  By the end of the meal I was so taken with my experience I could barely ask the server for the check.  Coincidentally, the check in no way reflected the level of expertise Isaac toups put into these dishes.  I would gladly pay twice as much for the same meal.  I will be back, as soon as I'm done proclaiming this greatness from a mountain top.A terrible experience both in the restaurant and online. Went to lunch with a friend and ordered the burger & the fried chicken sandwich. I can forgive how piss poor my service was on a slow day. I can forgive a $3.50 glass of mediocre unsweetened tea (Literally it's New Orleans, who doesn't have sweet tea?!?) that wasn't refilled. I can even forgive how shitty the overpriced chicken sandwich was (actually, maybe I can't -- it was pretty gross). What I can't forgive is how rude & argumentative Toups Meatery was with me on both Twitter and Instagram, blaming me for my bad experience. I'm obviously not the only customer whose had bad experiences with servers and with the food. But if they keep up this attitude I'll surely be one of the last customers, period.Solid food, and the meatery plate was excellent.  Mains were hit or miss and several including the chicken thighs were oversalted to the point of almost being inedible.  Food gets 3.5 stars.  Good but you can do better elsewhere in town, especially at these prices.
Service was awful.  From the very beginning, being ignored upon walking in and shoved aside by several servers, to repeated rude and brusque service throughout the meal.  We had about 4 servers, none of whom ever seemed to be around and would just throw the plates down and grab plates from the table.  Questions about the menu were answered with one or two words and a stare.  Long waits between courses.  Everyone working here seemed massively pissed off and gave you the feeling that they did not want you to be there.
I won't be coming here again.  Which is a shame because much of the meat was great, but absolutely not worth it considering how you're treated.We ate here back in October. I husband ordered the double pork chop. I ordered the meat plate of course. I was excited when I heard toups meatery was going to be opening because we really need more Cajun food in New Orleans we have enough Creole food in my opinion. Bring on the boudin in the cracklins! The chicken liver here is to die for in fact I looked up the recipe for it and I plan to make it soon. The boudin balls were okay they are still better in Lafayette or at guillory's meat in Metairie. The cracklins or just like Cajun Country Cracklin. They are thick fatty greasy perfect little squares of bacon fat! The sausage was okay. Hog head cheese was very good. I would go back for hog head cheese and chicken liver mousse. My husband's pork chop was one of the best pork chops he had ever eaten. He loved the cane syrup glaze on top. The rice underneath was a little Bland though. I will definitely be back.1. Pickled plate
2. Fried chicken sandwich- very thin piece of chicken; flavor was good but definitely not the best fried chicken sandwich out there 
3. The burger- amazing; must orderHmm...the girl who doesn't eat meat is going to all the meaty places.  There were choices on the menu for pescetarians but not a lot.  
My group shared the fried green beans and the deviled eggs as appetizers. Seriously I would come back just for these dishes alone. And then I split the mixed green salad with a friend because it is HUGE! Small plate? I don't think so. And the tempura gouda in it is OMG good.
I had the drunken shrimp as my entree and it was tasty but the sauce was a little thin...maybe or just needed a bit more oomph. Also the sauce was with wine the night I was there not beer like on the website. I like a changing menu. Keeps things fresh.
My companions had a rib special, a bone marrow dish, meatballs and other assorted meatiness. They all thought their dishes were good to great.
Now I need to go back for that pickle plate that we didn't get this time.I wish I could give this place 10 stars.  Great cocktails, service and the food was incredible.  Traditional southern Louisiana cooking with modern technique.  Cracklins, charcuterie, and mixed pickled veggies were incredible as well as the awesome entrees.  We all split the BBQ Goat and Double Cut Porkchop and they were top notch.
Make sure you have nothing to do after because its HEAVY.Toups NO Meat Eatery. Arrived at 6:15pm for a 6:30 reservation from Open Table. Immediately seated. Ordered the full meal within 15 minutes. Appetizers arrived 30 minutes later. By 8:00pm we had been told 3 times our entrees were either almost ready or about to be plated. If they try to seat you where the video poker machines where, don't go. The benches were small and uncomfortable, and you are forgotten by the staff. As the robot says "Danger Will Robinson!! Danger!!
 I went to the Manager and requested he cancel our entrees, we were going to eat elsewhere. He said "Okay, how do you want to pay for your bill?" No apologies, no offer to comp any part of the bill, NOTHING. I stongly recommend that you go some place else to eat. Anywhere would probably be better. We went to District on Harrison for sliders and donuts. We had our food within 10 minutes.Very impressive service. You could tell wait staff worked as a team. They helped each other and seemed to enjoy their job. I had an amazing pork chop over a bed of dirty rice. The rice was too salty. But an overall wonderful meal.Had the most delicious dinner here our last night in New Orleans. My boyfriend and I love Isaac on Top Chef so we had to come here. We loved the food. Started with the boudin balls, which were the best things I ate all weekend. Lovely consistency and topped with my favorite vinegary cucumbers. We also had the delicious fondue to start. I enjoyed the couvillion for my main course, and my boyfriend devoured the chicken thighs. Service was top notch, and we even saw Isaac. Highly recommend!Great food. Awesome service. I would definitely return when I come back to New Orleans. I would definitely suggest it to others. Venison dinner I had was awesome and very tender. Kudos to the Roosevelt concierge for suggesting it to us everything we had was great including the dessert.The service is terrible. The food was phenomenal for this being the first time I've been here! I has the chef special for lunch: burger,beer,boudin balls. The food was great, on the other hand, the service is terrible with the waiter being the general manager as well. He had a terrible attitude the whole time. Will only do take out because the food was good!I used to go to Toups at least once a week about a year ago. My two favorite sandwiches were the Cuban and they had a pretty good fried boneless chicken sandwich with an unusual coleslaw on it. When I asked the waitress why they took the Cuban off the menu I was told the food cost was too high. It's funny because every time you went in there was at least one Cuban sandwich on every table. Rather than raise the price, and if you look at their lunch menu they're not afraid of outrageously high prices, they just took it off the menu. The chicken sandwich was soon to follow. Unfortunately there's not much I like to eat left on the menu especially at these prices.Unbelievable dining experience. To start the cocktails were executed flawlessly. They even made one as a special request without fail. 
The meatery plate came with everything a food nerd would ride his unicycle over 5 miles for. 
The lamb neck  and bbq goat entrees were the stars along with the side of plesently unique cornbread that came alongside the goat. 
We ended up having 6 different types of liver in front of us by the end of the night and we're were not complaining.Had a relaxing evening at Toups. Craft cocktails were at hit, as was the meat board and venison.  Very tender! Next time we will try the infamous neck of lamb.Please don't mistake my Four star for dislike - just something seemed off about service.  My wife and I ordered the Cheese Board and the Meatery Board - not realizing how filling both these items would be.  We also ordered a pear/arugula salad and the hot sausage sandwich which we took to go.  
Speaking of the items we ate on site, the cheese board and the Meatery board were excellent!  I would definitely go back to eat an entrée here.  
The star subtraction falls back to service.  The description of the Meatery Board was subpar and the Chicharrones that accompanied the Meatery board were presented long after we had our fill of that delicious selection.  
Try it - you will not be disappointed.Great food, even better service. We asked a bunch of questions of our waiter and he couldn't have been more helpful. Food was very innovative and every dish we had was delicious.