I have a real soft spot for Tout de Suite. The folks working and eating here are always so friendly and it's a great space to just sit and relax.  Not being from LA originally I love the cross-section of locals and transplants you run into here. Feels like a true local cafe. 
My favorite item on the menu is the Bermuda Triangles, thick delicious toasty bread triangles loaded up with avocado, cucumber, tomato and feta cheese. If you're looking for something a little heavier for breakfast the Poche is a good choice. The coffee and sweets also can't be beat. 
My only complaint might be it seems a little on the pricey side to me.Best coffee shop in the WORLD! I love our little neighborhood spot, the ladies who work in here are always friendly and working their butts off to keep us full and happy. I will say I miss the live music on the weekends, I recommend the Katrina and kale salad.Not impressed at all. Went to brunch at approximately 1100 am. They ran out of french toast and no omelets were available for some reason. I had the deep south breakfast which I ordered the eggs cooked over medium... the egg whites were still raw when cut into and the potatoes had overcooked (crunchy) potatoes which was not appetizing if done on purpose. The biscuit and gravy were on point (very good) though. Maybe it was a bad weekend but I doubt I will be returning. I also had a pancake which was ok.I miss this place already. When visiting friends in Algiers, I found Tout De Suite and wound up there every day for breakfast -- and everything I had was delicious.
The Deep South, Atchafalaya and Plaquemines dishes all vied for top honors, and all wound up in a three-way tie. The Blue Eyes herbal iced tea, which for some reason is red, was another daily choice, along with the mocha. I don't drink coffee, but there was a lot to love on the board.
Add in the wifi, outdoor tables, down-home vibe of the place and the fact that the tunes never let me down, even throughout several hour-long visits, and you can see why it's getting such high marks from patrons. If you are in the area, stop in and check it out.Neighborhood gem. No tourists. Order at counter, eat  then bus your table. Keeps labor costs down. Many locals walk while others drive and park. Breakfast/brunch was great. Members of the Clean Plate Club. Most seem to know everyone inside. Cute outdoor seating.what a great surprise....nestled in this historic neighborhood is a cafe that's a vegetarians dream....while there is "regular" food...it has lots of veggie options. The qunioa salad is fantastic.
have been twice already.Friendly staff, tasty food, cool building in a beautiful neighborhood.
I was in New Orleans on business, and dismayed that I wouldn't cross the Mississippi on my trip (because I'm a nerd). I had some extra time on my first day in town, so I took the ferry over and walked to this cafe. A sign out front recommended the praline latte, so I had one (iced). It was delicious. I ordered the Katrina (huevos rancheros), which was also very good and very filling.Love this place. It only took one trip for us to fall in love with this place. This is a great new orleans breakfast spot. We usually go on weekends and its packed. I love the atchafalya (eggs over easy with crawfish dressing over cornbread). Absolutely delicious. 
There is also one or two gentlemen playing the banjo and singing while you eat. No microphone or anything so its not too loud, but it is a small place that does get PACKED.
I brought a buddy from NYC here and now every time he comes to  town he wants to go here for breakfast.
Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because it doesn't have a bar. I'd like a bloody mary or mimosa with brunch on sunday sometimes. Everything else from the decor to the food is perfect.
Tourist, if y'all come to Old Algiers to view the area make sure you hit this place for breakfast or lunch. This is a true gem.I love this place! The food is great... Always fresh and very consistent quality and service. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is the coffee. I am admittedly a coffee snob... There's isn't bad, but it is weak. Too much waterExpensive.
I'm a local and THEY ARE EXPENSIVE.  $13.00+ for "pain purdue"???  Two slices of bread soaked in milk and eggs???  One sprig of grapes for garnish???  And an additional $4.00 for two slices of bacon???  Throw in the coffee (which, please note - REFILLS ARE NOT FREE) and you're $20.00 in the hole before you even throw a tip at the "waitstaff".  
Oh, it might look cute from the outside.  And it might lend some level of touristy "ambiance" to the 'hood, but it's not worth the price.  
And the thing that really sucks???  Is that there's nothing more to choose from on this end of Algiers Point.  I've also been privy to rumors that the owner likes it just fine... there's no competition, so if you're thirsty you're paying $3.00+ tax for a carbonated Perrier.  
Thanks, but no thanks.  Get in your car and head to Common Grounds in Gretna where you can get a killer breakfast with re-fillable coffee for LESS than $10.00 (including the tip).  
If I wanted to spend THAT MUCH on breakfast, I'd head on over to a REAL brunch spot, like Muriel's or Court of Two Sisters.  Tout De Suite didn't even bother with the reach-around.Stumbled upon my favorite casual breakfast place in New Orleans. Great coffee (had a quad Americano). Fantastic 'build your own' omlette. Grits were just like I like them (I prefer to eat mine with a fork).
Don't sleep on Algiers!This adorable little café was located a couple of blocks from the house where myself and three friends stayed (using airbnb) this past holiday weekend. It was a good mix of locals and a few tourists (mainly my group). We all ordered coffees and breakfast, and enjoyed the live music that was being performed. I was boring and just had the eggs, meat, and biscuit, but it was very good. My friends also enjoyed their foods (biscuits and gravy, greek yogurt and honey, and muffins) and coffees. The only bummer-no alcohol. But I probably didn't need to drink every morning anyway!! Can't wait to come visit here again!Tout De Suite Cafe serves both breakfast and lunch, but I am going to review the breakfast because that's the reason I visited,.
I stopped in on a Friday morning at about 10 and, while there was a good crowd, it wasn't overly packed. The way it works here is you order at the counter,  then find a table and wait for someone to bring you your food. The cafe is small, but it's a lovely atmosphere and a spot that seems to be full of neighborhood locals enjoying their breakfast and reading the paper.
I decided to get the Atchafalaya- crawfish etoufee poured over organic grits that comes with 2 eggs, which I decided to get on the side. After a short wait, the food came and wow- this is seriously a lot of food for this early in the morning! It was a large portion of delicious etouffee and buttery creamy grits. I loved that the etoufee had just enough spice to it, without being overwhelming and the eggs were cooked to perfection and I will gladly admit, that there was no way I was able to defeat this dish and I absolutely had leftovers. The meal was $13 and worth every penny.
I would love to return and maybe eat outside now that the weather is cooling down.Delicious.  Atchafalaya is a must try. The grits was so creamy and perfectly seasoned. Iced coffee was perfect for a warm morning. This place is a neighborhood gem. Stop in if you're staying in the Gretna area.Great local spot with awesome breakfast. Had something with the country gravy and it was excellent. Their grits were probably some of the best I've ever had.Coffee was great. The quiche was wonderful. Highly recommend this small little corner restaurant. Very quaint in the heart of Algiers Point.Food was good but the service wasn't. People remember how the food was, but they also remember how you treat them. I asked the server to check my order when purchasing (placed a phone order) and she offended, pushed the bag to me and shared "check it if you want." Then seemed really upset when I asked for items like syrup. Save the attitude - it's not a good look.Kudos to the single server who tends to all and works the cash register too! I dont know her name, but she was kind, fast, and had a smile on her face that seemed genuine. I had the traditional breakfast with two eggs over easy, bone in ham slice (took me back to childhood) and the organic grits. I skipped on taking a photo bc it was a work breakfast and didn't want to be rude.  
The place is small with a few tables to the left and a bar on the right and by the right windows. Local art on the walls, some for sale. Food was great and they offer Wi-Fi. I'm told the neighborhood is a bit sketchy but that early in the morning (around 7) there were few people out and about. Frequent locals were in and out (order at counter then you sit). I parked up the road on Patterson but there were spots closer to the cafe. Nice and green outside too. Cafe is on a corner.I have tried so hard to like this spot. It's close to my home, and I really hoped when I moved to the Point that it would become a constant hangout. My first 2 visits were promising, but the next several months worth of visits were a big disappointment and I am truly thinking of not going back.
It has some bright spots, but there are some things are just so bad I can't ignore them.
 I have ordered coffee there at least 5 times, as well as a cappuccino, and all have been undrinkable. The coffee was cold every time, and tasted as if it had been sitting for too long. I watched the cappuccino being made, and it was not made correctly and tasted as bad as the coffee usually does. So, I have completely given up on the coffee  experience there. (I did try 5 times, I REALLY do wish I could like this place)
There are always flies buzzing around. No matter what time of year, every single time I have been there. I can understand it once in awhile, but all the time has me a little suspicious. 
 I would say that the employees as a whole are wonderful people. Sometimes they are very friendly and happy, but other times they seem totally miserable. I have witnessed what seemed to be the owner chewing out an employee, and that really cast a shadow over that place for me. I am only assuming that this lady was the owner, since I see her there a lot and she seems to be in charge. She seems to be very friendly to customers and not so friendly to her workers. 
Like I stated earlier, some of the food is quite good, but it is also wildly inconsistent. It seems to me that they might sometimes keep things around longer than they should. (And no matter what, do not order a burger there. The patties are pre cooked and just reheated. It tastes like some bad leftovers, which basically it is.) Food needs to be fresh, when I pay for food, I expect it to be fresh.
I still have hope that Tout de Suite could clean up it's act and become an amazing place. With a good cleaning and some work on their food and drink quality, they could  probably have something truly amazing. But for now, I will be having to look to other places.We often visited for brunch after our Sunday morning bike ride when we lived in Algiers and occasionally visit when we have time now that we've moved further away.  The food is tasty and the service has never been anything but stellar.  Normally there's someone playing music on weekend mornings, which makes for wonderful atmosphere and a great start to the day.  I've been in for lunch a few times too...my partner loves their Reuben, though I'm more partial to their veggie fare.Food is good but customer service from counter person sucks. The lady that cooks is sooo very nice. She had to take over for a week when regular counter person was out and it was a much more Pleasant atmosphere.We wandered across on the Canal Street ferry today to check out Algiers Point and found this neighborhood gem. We drove but you can easily walk to it from the ferry stop. I spent hour sipping coffee with a delicious gluten free muffin (yep gluten free!) and finishing off some work I needed to do on my vacation. ( free wi-fi) This place makes you feel like you belong in the neighborhood. Nothing touristy about it, very welcoming, excellent food, calm, relaxing. If I lived in NOLA, I'd choose this neighborhood. When you need to escape the crazies in the French Quarter, hop on the ferry and wind your way to Tout De Suite!This small cafe is easy to miss if you're not looking for it deliberately. Located at a crazy intersection of angles streets in Algiers Point, when you walk in, you are immediately engaged by a chalkboard with the affordable Special of the Day. Various other temptations dot the menu. This is one of the few spots in NOLA that did not feature alcohol which was nice. The clientele seemed content to linger over the Very large portions. The table service was quick and very friendly. A great little cafe and sandwich pace for getting away from the hustle and bustle.Food tastes great. Atmosphere is nice... Only reason it gets 4 stars is because the employees are super rude. They act like you are an inconvenience to them.We love breakfast here. The biscuits are my favorite and their Huevos Rancheros is delicious! Get there before church lets out to grab a table.Stopped in for breakfast yesterday and was extremely surprised! You could tell it was a local joint and rather busy, but the service was quick. We sat outside to eat and the food was really great. At first I was concerned with the prices - but it's on par to anything you'd get a ferry ride away so the prices made sense. I would definitely go again and recommend to anyone staying in Algiers.There are no postings or signs anywhere that breakfast isn't served all day. We waited almost a half hour in line to order. When we get up there the Lady was super rude and acted like we were idiots for trying to order breakfast. We were going to do lunch there but the lady rubbed us the wrong way. Looks and smelled good though!This place is so good!  I always have consistently great food and service. I recommend the juevos rancheros. They are the best I've ever had!  Coffee here is delicious. It's small and quaint and very inviting. Hot food isn't served on Mondays tho so I usually come a different day. You can still get pastries and coffee on Mondays. I've also been here for lunch and had tuna salad and soup. Both were delicious. I definitely recommend this place and I bring friends and family when they're in town.This café has fabulous food. As 10 vegetarians, we were concerned about finding enough options, but we had no problems. The food was EXCELLENT, particularly the house salad served with all entrees. Everything was cooked to order and the single chef/server provided everything in a very reasonable amount of time given the 9 dishes we ordered.I had the deep south breakfast.  I'm usually very wary of anything smothered in gravy. This, though, was very light, and very filling. I also appreciated the casual atmosphere, and the smooth coffee.Food is outstanding,though a tad on the expensive side,thier Veggie burgers can't be beatI stepped past the community events flyers nestled on the outside bulletin board and into a creaky, lively gathering spot with hardwood floors (always my weak spot) and a decent doorway view into the tiny sort of messy "kitchen" just feet behind the counter. This place is my dream neighborhood cafe, I thought. Actually, I exclaimed it to my boyfriend.
In actuality, it's not a place I can sit for hours and feel good about buying something at my typical 1 hour per purchase rate (freelancer etiquette I try my hardest to maintain.) I love the public computer (no porn or games), I love that several elderly members of the Algiers Point community are regulars, complete with regular orders and regular dining companions, I love that there is often live music at least on the densely packed weekend brunch times, and I love that ginger-cardamon-molasses cookies are a regular, not a seasonal cookie.
As is true with so many mainstays in one's neighborhood, TDS is a treasure chest of paradoxes: the cafe's prices are steep (I blinked and realized I spent $22 on a salad in two drinks, and it all happened before I could say 'debit card'). Cookies are the size of my face which makes the $2 price tag actually okay in my book, and muffins are not as pioneer-spirited in consistency and sugar dosing as I prefer (theirs are solidly connected to the cake family). 
The staff (also owners?) are friendly and frank, another combo of opposites that is a good thing for a business I'll patronize frequently. A barista might complain loudly that a newcomer to the area expected her to remember her "regular" order after visiting once, and not ordering from her, but her mother, who looks like her. Another barista may tease the cook about how she's lost interest in the bearded man walking his dogs outside the window, and everyone at any moment may be short with you when you ask for the third time what became of your Marigny (English muffins, PB, berries) takeout order. (Waiting 30 minutes during peak times for an English muffin makes Miss B cranky, and gives her enough time to calculate how much she'd save if she drove to Rouse's for English muffins.) Sometimes I feel like I am finally getting my finger on the pulse of this New Orleans transplant thing when I eavesdrop here. 
Today, a young couple complained about how many "layers of shellac" people seem to need to put on their houses here. They also said "it seems like it SHOULD be cheap to live here, but it's not." They clucked about this as they sat under the array of magnets someone glued together from bits of trash, selling for $20 a pop. They also repeated "New Orleans" by name a lot, to the point where I started to worry the spirit of Nola might be conjured and smite us all on the spot. But I digress into my superstitious nature.
To me, The Abbeville breakfast entree explains why this is pricier and a bit edgier than your typical neighborhood coffeeshop gathering place. Sausage patties, two poached eggs on CRISPY grits, grilled biscuit, and Steen's cane syrup. Very heavy and very wonderful. Each item is prepared carefully and the layers of elements work just right. The menu is curated with effort and intention, and you're sure to feel like you're tasting a slice of southern Louisiana culture if you take weekend breakfast here. It's better to think of this place as a full on restaurant with made to order entrees--the food is worth it, and then you won't feel pissed when you realize you've spent $30 for a hungover weekend breakfast for two from the local coffeeshop.
If you live in AP, you are probably always here. 
See you soon!Fantastic breakfast place, come early as it can fill up fast. Menu is fresh and meals are thoughtfully crafted, ambience is warm and welcoming. we hope ot be regulars now that we have relocated to algiers point! The avocado toast breakfast is generously portioned and a refreshing change from common breakfast options in the GNO area, and one of few savory vegetarian options around hereI had the Reuben with pasta salad and it was quite good, the marble rye was a nice touch as well. The place itself had a very cool vibe and i love that they have a bunch of books you could grab while eating. I'll be back here again.Goodness! When I stopped in here just to use the internet and get a quick breakfast I had no idea this would be one of the best biscuits and grave dishes I have had so far. Although not cheap for a breakfast joint, I highly recommend it.Saw this place on Yelp and was recommended by several neighbors and coworkers. The Huevos Rancheros was great and up there with the best I have ever had. This place had a great feel and the staff was friendly. They even helped us find the owners of a lost dog that was running around outside. We will diffently becoming regulars here.Worth the ferry ride over! Missed breakfast, but lunch was tasty. A simple yet delicious side of potato salad and a chicken/bacon panini that was large and in charge with plenty of melted cheese.One of my favorite places in all of New Orleans.  We live near the Irish Channel and have biked downtown to the ferry and crossed the river to spend the morning here.  The food is wonderful, coffee excellent, and the live music on Sat and Sun morning is a real treat.There is no greater compliment that I can give to Tout De Suite than that I don't mind the flies that are plentiful in the summer everywhere in New Orleans... I have named a few and developed a first-name relationship with them.
The price is moderate for what you get: but the sandwiches are so good I feel like I get away with a steal every time. 
Breakfast here is complex and interesting, and feels like health-food masquerading as hashbrowns and too many pancakes.  (This is the triumph of atmosphere, partly, which is artsy and cool, but much more that Tout de Suite's operators really do value freshness and quality in their ingredients.)  
The coffee is so-so, but good enough as an excuse to hang out in this really charming, cool place.
Now and then some really good musicians lend a tone.
Well worth coming.Awesome breakfast skillets and home cooking with a quaint atmosphere! A true Algiers Point treasure!We choose Tout de Suite Cafe because it was close to the hotel and they have a pretty good rating here on Yelp. I had the Poche and my wife had Biscuits & Gravy. We were both very happy with our choices.  The biscuits were soft and the gravy was very tasty. My Poche was great, never having had boudin I wasn't sure what to expect but this was very tasty and the eggs and grits were perfect. I don't know what happened with the previous reviewer that reported bad service to tourists. I was wearing a Broncos shirt on game day and they treated me just fine!A girlfriend of mine and I arrived in NOLA at 8 am and were unable to check in until 11 am. We were recommended to try this place out as it is only a few blocks from where we are staying. We ordered the Cajun boudin which was served over cheese grits and eggs and topped off with some sort of amazing sauce! I had a cold brew coffee which tasted excellent. This place was just as cute and cozy as the woman who recommended it to us said it would be! We will definitely visit this place again before flying back home!If you take the ferry over to Algiers Point, make sure you have this place on your itinerary.  Best twist on biscuits and gravy with the home fries on the bottom and the two eggs on top.  The biscuits are grilled so they don't get soggy and the gravy is no too salty.  A nice little place that appears to serve a lot of locals, I see why.Very pleased with our lunch meal at Toute de Suite. Our hostess was kind, she refilled our drinks as soon as they were halfway, food for the whole table was delivered more or less together. The menu is exactly the right length with a simple variety of options that should please anyone. French style food that matched or exceeded my experiences in Paris itself. My sister loved the Croque Monsieur, my parents enjoyed the chicken salad and I relished my prosciutto. What a great deal: $10 for a sandwich with a side of soup or salad!
My only reason for not giving a 5 is the ambiance. I think Tout de Suite would benefit from a soft French tune playing in the background and brighter decor, but otherwise everything was parfait! Great chance to stop by Algiers, and I recommend stopping by the Rosetree glass studio too before returning to ferry.I was participating in a rummage sale down the street when my stomach started to rumble. I knew I needed coffee and breakfast-stat! My friend and I walked down to satisfy our early morning breakfast needs. I really liked the vibe of this place and the sunshine-y attitude of the staff. It makes for such a pleasant start to any day. 
I ordered their "toot suite" breakfast in a go cup, $6.50 for eggs, bacon and grits layered in a pretty decent cup--I was full for the next 6 hours!
The iced coffee brewed with vanilla bean was not what I expected, and though different, not terrible as I drank the whole thing, however I wouldn't order it again. It had a sweetness that could almost be interpreted as bitter, though it finished with some sugar. 
The breakfast offerings were abundant as well as the fresh baked cookies, pastries and quiche. Non coffee beverages were also quite wide with coolers full of flavored Pellegrino, honest juice boxes and Odawalla juice blends.
Definitely a great neighborhood establishment that serves up the right mix of atmosphere, value and taste.Great food and the ladies were very friendly. Well worth a trip for an out of towner visiting NOLA.Came here a few years ago and had the atchafalya (sp?) which is crawfish etouffee on top of grits and two eggs (mine were sunny side up). Came back three years later and it was just as good as I remembered! I loooove that dish and this place. Great breakfast spot or just a neat place to hang in Algiers!Southern perfect cookin'!
This is the PERFECT breakfast/brunch spot. Incredible food, from simple southern, masterful quiches, to the signature Atchafalaya it's heaven. Add great coffee or espresso and enjoy the local vibe of regulars and a little live guitar on Sunday morning.
The biscuits taste like my grandmothers kitchen, and the grits were perfect as well. I didn't sample the amazing looking pastries as even my gluttony in heaven has its limits.
It's worth the trip over the bridge from the quarter to this nice part of Algiers to get the best breakfast in NOLA without the tourist claptrap.My sister recently moved a few houses down from Tout de Suite and every time I walked by, this charming little cafe caught my eye. I finally dove in and entered this sweet shop. I saw one staff member, very friendly with the few locals hanging around. After perusing their board, I ordered their Southern Belle: a chicken salad sandwich featuring apples, pecans, and celery with a side of locally made kettle chips (Zapps). The sandwich bread had been toasted to pair with the cold salad. The salad featured large chunks of chicken breast that tasted delicious with every bite. My husband ordered the Reuben panini with potato salad. He enjoyed his sandwhich, although he eventually removed the bread due to it getting a bit soggy. The potato salad had sliced potatoes and a hint of sweetness. We paired our lunch with a glass bottle Mexican Coke, although they had a bevy of coffee and tea drinks. If I had the room, I would have loved to indulge in one of their sweet baked goods, such as the blueberry pie that was featured. If you are looking for a charming place to eat in Algiers' Point, or a quick trip across the ferry from the quarter, stop by Tout de Suite!Awesome neighborhood café. Baked goods are fresh and tasty (try the green tomato pie if it is available). Sandwiches are hearty and fresh, great value.Love at first sight.  This little cafe has everything you could want in a cafe.  Rustic homely decor, great menu, local art and music... but there are areas of improvement.
Great selection of salads, sandwiches, paninis as well as a creative breakfast menu. Live music at breakfast on the weekends. 
There aren't many tables and the place is pretty busy on weekends.  Once customers leave the tables, it took a long time before they were cleaned, if they were at all.  Its clear there is no busser.  We ended up sitting at a dirty table to grab a seat.
I had huevos rancheros.  Fried eggs ontop of a heaping pile of black beans and corn tortillas layered in there somewhere.  The eggs were undercooked, there was way too much black beans, and the tortillas were just a soggy mess.  I wouldn't call this the "best" huevos rancheros as the menu states.  The flavors were decent but execution was poor.      
I think this place has potential.  I will be back.  Hopefully other menu items are better.Yummy place to get breakfast. They have abstract art all along the walls. It seems like the type of place only locals go to so it's not pretentious. The food is delicious and comes out hot and quick. I ordered the huevos rancheros and would recommend it!I've eaten here 7 times and try something new every time because the dishes are all so different. Every one of them, from lox and a bagel, to crawfish étouffée over eggs over grits, to tuna salad, has been so delicious and that's why I keep coming back. Finding a seat can be a challenge on weekend mornings but it hasn't stopped us yet. Heading there in the morning and can't wait to try something new.Amazing breakfast!! Good atmosphere and good service!  Visiting from Texas and love the place!I visited this cafe for the first time today.  I ordered the Atchafalaya - crawfish ettouffe over organic grits with 2 eggs (I opted for packed eggs).  Wow!  It was the best thing I ate all week and probably the best breakfast I have ever eaten.I absolutely love this breakfast place in historic Algiers point. The food is always exceptional and comes out quickly. It's a perfect place to come for a quiet and unique breakfast in a very unique little café. Their potatoes are soooooo good, and their pancakes are really good as well! If you stop in, you won't be sorry!Absolutely amazing food here!! Excellent coffee too. The best breakfast we have ever eaten! Get the atchafaya for breakfast.An absolute must for a friendly and delicious breakfast!
If you like a farm size hot breakfast, it made to order here. Everyone I've seen appears in love and to busy chewing to talk.
I prefer a lighter fare . The baked goods are out of this world!! The peach danish and apricot muffin were particular favorites. I've also been enjoying the Cafe au Lait!Love this place. It's one of the reasons we love going to Algiers Point so much. The food is just as good as the coffee. I had the best banana chocolate chip muffin in my life here. It's a really cool spot and worth checking out if you're in the area.My husband, several friends and I stayed in a VRBO around the corner from Tout De Suite last weekend, and breakfast there (3 of our 4 days in NOLA!) was a fail-safe start to our grueling, sunburned days at Jazz Fest. From the oatmeal to the Bermuda Triangles -- my new favorite vegetarian fare to make at home -- to multiple egg dishes, the offerings were impressive, we all agreed. The musical duos that soundtracked our Saturday and Sunday mornings added to the experience, as well. As busy as the place was, we didn't wait too terribly long for our food, nor did we feel rushed out. Somehow it all just flowed. Wish we had one of these right down the street from MY house!I really wish that this cafe was not in Algiers, because if I didn't have to cross a river to get to it I'd be there every day. They'd have to kick me out at closing time.  It's beautiful, inside and out, and the staff is always so friendly. The first time I went there I gave my order at the counter of a cup of oolong tea and one of their fresh-made candied ginger cardamom black pepper cookies (!!!) and the lady ringing me up just said  to me, "oh honey, just go grab the one you want!" Dangerous words, ma'am.
I love coming here for brunch on Sundays. It's quiet and laid-back, definitely off the beaten/touristy path (due to it's location). The prices are reasonable and the food is made-to-order and delicious. I like their eggs to order plate; you can customize it any number of ways but I like it with poached eggs, skillet potatoes, bacon (thick cut and so flavorful), and a moist & flaky buttermilk biscuit. I'm always hesitant to order poached eggs in restaurants because more often than not they come out over/underdone but here they do them PERFECTLY. The last time I ate here my partner got the Atchafalaya, which is a crawfish étouffée over creamy grits and eggs to your liking. By the time I got around to asking him if he was enjoying his meal he'd all but inhaled it. So I'm guessing the answer was 'yes'.
They have a full complement of cafe beverages: plenty of coffee (fair trade) and tea options (loose, so, better quality than your standard bag variety) as well as a slew of juices/kombucha/soda/etc. There are also fresh baked pastries and sweets, I already mentioned the cookies but there are cakes and little tarts and quiches and whatnot. 
There's an entire lunch menu and plenty of vegan/vegetarian options. The quinoa patties look delicious, as does the wild mushroom mac'n'cheese. I have a feeling this is going to be one of those places where I end up trying everything on the menu. 
Make a nice morning of it: take the streetcar down to the ferry, take the ferry across the river, and take a nice little walk to the cafe. You won't be disappointed!Tout De Suite was probably the favorite "find" of our entire trip this year (other than Algiers Point itself). We found it to be a handy place to break a twenty for ferry fare, but there are many more reasons to go here.
As a coffee shop, they make all the standard drinks, and they were making King Cake lattes for the season. The glass case and counter are laden with sinful-looking pastries, cakes and pies; a couple of enormous cookies were good for snacking on all day. They do soup, sandwiches and salads for lunch, but what you really want to pay attention to is that chalkboard breakfast menu, especially the top. Some are a little pricey, but well worth it-they're delicious and you probably won't be needing to eat again for hours. The Atchafalaya (crawfish ettouffe, grits and eggs) and Poche (boudin, grits, eggs and sauce piquant) both sounded amazing, so Yelper Daughter and I decided to divide and conquer; our forks were straying to each other's plates, for sure! 
The place itself is completely charming. It sits on a corner, so it's bright and sunny inside. They've preserved the interior of the old building, from the worn wood walls and ceiling to the beautiful display case and counters. Local art and old posters adorn the walls, and there's an old piano that, if you're lucky, will get used while you're there. The staff are friendly, and the whole place has a laid-back, neighborly vibe that fits in perfectly with beautiful Algiers Point. I will be back-many, many times.Great stop in Algiers Point for a little snack & espresso pick me up. Short walk from ferry terminal. Good location to sit out when weather is nice & people watch.I really wish I could write this review in French.
Tout de Suite is just a short ferry-ride away from the base of Canal street, then a nice stroll through the very interesting town of Algiers Point. Really cute, I mean cool, interior.
Ordered the Reuben, but also tried the Cuban, Deep South (biscuits & gravy, egg, & potatoes), Katrita (Huevos Rancheros) and Algerine (Greek yogurt) -- we had a big party. My advice is to skip out on the paninis, unless they're your drug, in which case you should try more types of food. Go for the breakfast dishes instead. BUT, the red potato salad you MUST have if you are a fan of p-salads.
The Reuben and Cuban paninis were pretty good still, but when was the last time you had a panini that made you pause and wonder about how many hours you've wasted eating sub-par food? The Katrita and Deep South might lead to this introspection.
I usually only order Huevos Rancheros not because of the taste, but because it's so fun to say, with a rolled tongue and over-exaggerated accent. "Waaayvos Lancheeelos" is how it goes. But this one was really, really good. It's worthy of its pronunciation. 
Deep South is a mixture of The Breakfast Greats: biscuits & gravy, egg, and potatoes. It's served on a skillet. Nothing bad ever came served on a skillet.
Algerine is also a good healthy option. LASTLY, get their Vanilla Latte, iced. Just do it.This is the best place to eat in the point, and I'm pretty sure it's the only place that has ever served breakfast here. Anything on the menu is at least worth a try. I've been coming here over the years and service and quality has always been consistently great.Nice, cozy little cafe with lots of character.  Friendly lady working at the front.  The Seduction Salad was deliciously satisfying, with lots of fresh lettuce (I think it included some arugula, which I love), shredded carrots. sliced cucumbers, halved cherry tomatoes, walnuts, almonds, dried cranberries, sliced avocado, and a yummy vinaigrette dressing in a container.  (Love it when the dressing is in a container so that you can add only as much as you want and don't have a salad drowning in dressing).  I also had a Le Jardin hummus sandwich but without the feta (not a fan of feta).  The sandwich was good, though a bit on the slim side without the feta.  Loved the hearty bread they used for the sandwich, the hummus was tasty (although just a thin layer), and the veggies were fresh.  I also had the quinoa salad, which seemed to have feta in it too.  My dining companion had a tuna salad sandwich which he said was good, and he also had the couscous, which seemed pretty good.  I got a morning glory muffin, and it made a deliciously wholesome snack.  I love getting baked goods at health-oriented places, because they don't drown them in sugar and oil.
A number of tables had plates, napkins, etc. left from previous customers left on them, so we cleared out a table by the window for ourselves.  Guess they were a little short of help that afternoon when we stopped by.
They had an old upright piano there as well as a little play area for kids.
Veg*n options.  Great place to relax for a bit.This is a great little place in a frequent often. They serve breakfast till 12 daily. Their salads and sandwiches are incredible I try to eat here twice a week. try them out you won't be disappointed.One of my favorite places in NOLA. The food is great and it's off the beaten path. The place is totally low key. The atmosphere is quite fun and I love having breakfast out front. Highly recommended as a coffee shop or breakfast joint.Went for brunch with mom and hubby.  Ordered the huevos rancheros and Poche (boudin).  Food came quickly and was delicious! Nice little gem of a place.  Nothing fancy, just comfortable and friendly. If you find yourself in Old Algiers, don't fail to check 'em out.Dont expect over the top Cajun cream sauce cuisine at this neighborhood hangout. 
You won't get fat but your taste buds will thank you for dropping by, as will your billfold. 
I dropped in on a lazy sat afternoon and had a delicious bowl of chicken tortilla soup. 
If you're burnt out on Po boys and étouffée give this one a try.Giiiiiiiiiiirl! Me and my cousin said, if we lived here, we would make a special trip on the Algiers ferry, weekly, for this food. We've never been to Louisiana, and never had American French food. We were so beyond pleasantly surprised. Not that we were expecting anything less, but we about died and went to heaven. 
We traveled over by ferry, and wondered around the neighborhood and gawked at all the beautiful homes. We made our way, and found the cafe. It was so cute and picturesque! We wandered in, and ordered our meals. Shortly after, deliciousness was placed in front of us.Excellent breakfast/brunch place across the river from Bourbon street.  It has a pleasant, charming atmosphere with excellent food.  I got to try the atchafalaya and the pain perdu french toast.  Everything was great, but special mention to the atchafalaya!
Crawfish ettouffe on over easy eggs and grits.  The ettouffe adds some acidity and brightness to the thickness and creaminess of the grits and eggs.  Absolutely perfect.  Definitely try this place out if you have a chance to!This place has incredible food, great service, and you can taste the love and pride the food is made with. You will leave feeling very satisfied! 
They also make great coffee. I had an americano and my wife had an ice coffee, cold brewed with vanilla bean; both were awesome.My local neighborhood place. Some incredible etoufee on The Atchafalaya. Great atmosphere.If you are in Algiers Point and want a good breakfast this is the place. A short walk from the Algiers ferry. Since the Quarter offers little for breakfast I recommend taking the ferry and walking here. Worth the ferry ride. Order the Poche.It was a nice cafe. The coffee was good and they have a good food selection. The Paninis and soups were good and the prices are decent! The staff was kinda nice! We just couldn't stay seated inside because it's an open kitchen and our eyes were watering from the cut onions! We were crying!:) So we had to move outside! They also have outdoor seating. It was a nice short stop for 4 hungry people.Food and vibe were both great.  Nice mellow live music ona Saturday morning.  The whole area of Algiers is great for wandering top.Lovely, quiet cafe in Algiers.  A straight up friendly and welcoming neighborhood joint.
My bike tire went flat outside and the woman behind the counter (who seems to run the place herself) put together a stellar veggie sandwich and iced soy chai for me while locals gave me directions to give a friend.  When the friend got lost on the way to pick me up, they got all into helping her out, and clapped when her car pulled up.
Went back today- gorgeous day for a trip to Algiers., Decent tea and uncomfortable chairs inside, but a perfect place to homebase yourself to get some work and writing done on a lazy afternoon if the sun's shining, because the outdoor seating works and people walk by with puppies and babies and say "how ya doin?"Cute atmosphere, and the owner Jill is very nice. The food is tasty and made quickly. price is fair for breakfast or lunch. I recommend this coffee shop!I had the Katrina (veggie) 1 day & French toast w/ Fresh Fruit on another visit. All the reviews & pics are spot on do yourself a favor & visit! Oh & the customer service is also a treat! I will be back on my next visit to Nawlins!!I wish this place had existed while I still lived in the city. I moved away a few years ago and came back recently to find this place right in the heart of old Algiers Point. 2 blocks away from my old house, I'd probably be here every day for lunch.
It has a quaint atmosphere inside as well as plenty of outdoor seating. I had the chicken club and will make it a point to try something new every time I am in town.If you're staying in the Quarter or on the west side of the river, this is a fun little adventure. Take the Canal Street Ferry for free and you land about a block from this little spot in Algiers. The food is a healthy break from the traditional New Orleans fare but still has a Louisiana flare. The Bermuda Triangles are great.  This place is off the beaten path and worth the trip.Best ever, take the ferry, walk to the restaurant. Good food and pleasant. Very nicr morningYou know we love this place because of the awesome breakfast, but their lunch is awesome also. 
Not until Sunday did we know that they serve breakfast till 3....WOW!!!!! We planned on going there for lunch, but hen they said breakfast was still available.....BINGO, JINGLE BELLS, YATZE!!!
The atchafalaya ( crawfish, two eggs over cornbread) is my go to every time. 
I'll be there tomorrow.I've been to NOLA 3 times now and only discovered Toot de Suite on my last visit. This cafe is a gem in the picturesque (and much quieter) Algiers Point. While they advertise being a vegan friendly restaurant, don't let that put you off if you're a carnivore. My Southern Belle chicken salad was one of the best I've ever eaten, not least because the serving of chicken outlasted the greens. My wife's Caesar salad was equally delicious with shaved Parmesan and an excellent dressing. We were so enamored of the place we went back the next day for breakfast, only to be further impressed. My omelet was overflowing with ham and bacon while my wife's personal skillet would have satisfied any of the big eaters I know or handily sated two people. The proprietor was on hand to offer advice on replicating her excellent gluten free blueberry muffins, the coffee and espresso were all excellent, and the atmosphere is one of the most inviting and comfortable of any coffee house I've had the pleasure of visiting. I cannot recommend this enough as a much needed break from the noise and frivolity of the French quarter.Very good food.  I had the rotisserie chicken club and my wife had the rotisserie chicken salad.  Both were excellent.  The prices were reasonable and you get a lot for your money.  Definitely worth the ferry ride over.great friendly neighborhood cafe. live music sat & sun for breakfast.There is no better breakfast on earth than the Deep South Breakfast at Tout De Suite Cafe, one of the the cutest little neighborhood cafe / coffee houses I've ever seen.  Right across the street from a little park in Algiers Point, it made me wish that I lived in the neighborhood.  It's not a large establishment and you can bet that it'll be a bit crowded, but the people are nice and the food is decadent and the coffee is strong... a wonderful way to start the day!I went in with a group of 6 about a week ago and already forgot what I ordered. It was not very memorable except for the fact that it was HOT in there!  I brought my Mom a scone and morning glory cupcake and she said it was just ok and not to bring her anything from there again.  Won't be going back.Had the down south for breakfast which was incredible. Eggs were cooked just like I asked. 
The crawfish etouffee was a little watery but the crawfish was fresh and spices were perfect.
Cinnamon bun was delicious, would definitely get that again.
Staff was very very nice and helpful. Free wifi too!I had spied Tout de Suite before, sitting there on the caddy corner across from Holy Name of Mary Church in Algiers Point.  I had never thought to stop in, thinking that it was nothing more than a local coffee shop.  So, when I heard that they sold breakfast and lunch that is top-notch, I made a point to check the place out!  I finally had my opportunity last week when a friend invited me out for lunch.  I get an hour for my lunch break, which means I have to go someplace close by, and Tout de Suite fit that bill.
The place very much reminds me of an establishment you might find somewhere in the Garden District.  It has an artsy vibe to it, and it's one of those places that people in the neighborhood have known about for years.
Their menu of salads, soups, and salads is not an extensive one, but it has a little bit of something for everyone.  Even better, there are healthy vegetarian options, which is hard to come by in this city where everything deep fried reigns supreme.
On this day, I had the Baguette du Fromage, which is Gruyere and goat's cheese sandwiched between a whole wheat baguette with sliced tomatoes and mixed greens.  Sandwiches are served with your choice of a mixed salad, potato salad or soup (tomato basil, miso, and crawfish bisque were the options).  I originally opted for the tomato basil soup but was told that they were out, so I ordered the mixed salad instead.  If they ran out  of the soup, that tells me that it's good and gives me a reason to go back already.
The sandwich was creamy, gooey deliciousness!  The salad was also a nice mix of spring greens, carrots, cherry tomatoes and cucumber with a vinagrette dressing served separately.  For $9, it was a very generous plate of food...very, very GOOD food!
My friend order the rotisserie chicken club sandwich with potato salad.  The sandwich had HUGE hunks of chicken on it to the point that it was falling out of the sandwich!
It's great knowing that there's a quick and good lunch spot in Algiers that is within minutes of both home and the office.  If you think you have to travel to the Eastbank to find a cute, comfy cafe with great food and a cool vibe, then you need to stop by Tout de Suite!A beautiful little cafe with great food! We had the pain perdu and the pumpkin tortilla  for breakfast. The pain perdu was an delicious take on french toast - brioche encrusted with almonds, served with some serious mixed fruit (lots of berries!). The pumpkin tortilla had scrambled eggs on a bed of argula on a pumpkin tortilla. A very good savory breakfast choice. Love this hidden gem!Horrible service to tourists. If you try to go 30 mins before they  close, they will tell you that you can only get it to go, and you have to be out at 3 pm on Sunday. Online their website doesnt tell you when their brunch ends. They are only nice when you leave. FYI they charge you if you use your credit/debit card if it's under $10.This is a cozy counter service breakfast nook. The woman at the counter was on the ball. She took orders, made coffee, and brought out the food. A great menu and very tasty food. The biscuits and the bacon were great. The coffee was strong and the atmosphere was friendly and welcoming.What a neat little place! Seriously tasty food! Whenever we have visitors they always insist on going there every morning for breakfast! The line is worth the wait. And if you go on a weekend there is usually live music :)Leisurely brunch this morning with good friends from out of town. They picked the spot, and I must say, what a gem! Tout De Suite is located in Algiers Point near the ferry landing. You stand in line, place your order, and wait for your meal to be served. My cafe au lait was spot on. Delicous. They do offer fresh squeezed oj, but they had run out, but will be sure to go earlier next time so chances will be better. I had the Katrita, which is a NOLA twist on huevos rancheros. My eggs were cooked to perfection, served with two types of cheese, black beans, salsa--I thoroughly enjoyed my food. My husband had the Farmer Brown, which was a nice pile of Potatoes O'Brien, topped with cheese, avocado, sour cream--and he really liked his food. One friend had the Atchafalaya--grits topped with crawfish etoufee, and another friend had the Deep South, which were Potatoes O'Brien and a biscuit, topped with country gravy and a side of grits. Everyone was very happy and cleaned their plates. All in all, an excellent experience and well worth traveling across the ferry for a wonderful treat!Sweet potato pancakes were so-so, but their breakfast items are to die for! Their eggs, grits, biscuits and gravy, and home style potatoes are the best in the city. We stay around the corner, so this is an excellent stop. Gets crowded the later it is, so beware!During my excursion to Algiers Point, see my review for that too, we drove by this adorable coffee shop and were lured by the cafe tables outside and the plants hanging in baskets.
Such a cute cafe with character! This is the definition of local coffee shop; I'm jealous of Algiers Point.  
I got the Iced Latte and it was one of the best I've ever had.  I soooo wanted to gobble up one of their of cookies.  It looks like they have a great lunch selection too.  Can't wait to come back.Great little coffee shop. Food proportions were large and everything tasted great. The service was also surprising fast.The Atchafalaya and chicory coffee was excellent!  The restaurant used to be a barber shop and bakery many many years ago.Relaxing way to spend a lunch. No body bothers you or rushes you everyone that goes there is nice (it seems). A really nice place to have a decent cup of coffee or enjoy a quiet lunch. 
Ruben Panini with Red Potato Salad the first visit and Ruben Panini with Chips (out of salad) and an Iced Latte the second time. Really good sandwich. I will gladly go back. It seemed a little high for a Ruben Panini but I will gladly pay a little extra to relax during lunch instead of being rushed out like Cattle. 
Nice...all the way around. A really nice visit.Cute little cafe/lunch spot in Algiers. Delicious sandwiches in the French tradition. This place looks like a popular local hotspot with lots of people riding their bikes up to the cafe. Local ingredients!I cannot believe I've never reviewed this spot. I've lived around one corner or another from this cafe for years now and absolutely adore it. It's a beautiful old building where you can find locals gossiping over coffee, grabbing breakfast and on weekends, enjoying some sound-level-appropriate live music. 
My favorite is the Farmer Browns- your own little skillet of hash browns topped in your choice of heaven-- fried egg, avocado, etc. From there, the menu gets heavier-- think the Atchafalaya-- crawfish étouffée over fried eggs and cheesy grit cakes (heaven) to much lighter. Having light  menu items like the Bermuda Triangles (wheat toast with avocado spread) allow the regulars to stop in for breakfast several days a week without having a heart attack two years later. 
The prices can be a bit steep, but you are paying for good quality food. If you're looking for a cute neighborhood spot to grab a solid brunch without waiting in the long lines of some of the more well known spots across the river, this is it. Note: no alcohol, so get your bloody mary fix before you come in!It's a cute little cafe great for people who want a local vibe! Cute park across the street to admire!!Used to love this place but, I think they had a change in management. The wait staff at the register is really rude. I have been coming here consistently for the last two years but probably won't come back for awhile unless things change back to friendly service.My family and I just returned from New Orleans, we stayed at Algiers Point, Tout De Suite was a short walk from where we stayed.  We had two breakfasts here, and they were both fantastic.  What a wonderful find.  The food was great, the service was great (even on the second day, when there was only one person behind the counter).  Everyone loved it.  I can't recommend it highly enough!I was the only one at the counter and I waited 10 minutes for the woman working to acknowledge that I was there. When she did, she was very rude and treated me like I was an idiot for trying to order breakfast when, apparently, they don't serve breakfast past a certain time (which is not posted anywhere). 
I was disappointed because it really looks like this place should feel friendly and hospitable, but truly it is not. The food was not very good, coffee was okay, service was downright awful and unwelcoming.This is a cute little restaurant across the Mississippi. It's quaint and the food is out of control. I had the "Katrina" for breakfast. Huevos Rancheros sour cream, avocado, salsa, you name it they had it in there. It came out very presentable and turned into one delicious mess. Definitely check this place out if your in New Orleans. A little hidden gem.this is a really cool spot in algiers, right across the river from the qtr.  it is a cool breakfast spot, with  lots of regulars.  the service is good, although one of the servers is not talkative at all, which can come across as rude, particularly given that nola is such a friendly place.  just ignore her and enjoy the efficiency.
the omelets are great, (vegetarian option particularly), and the sweets are sinful.I love going out for breakfasts on Sunday morning that Tout De Suite did it right.  I don't often make it over to the West Bank, and I never come out of Algiers Point, but it is an absolutely cute neighborhood.
Having never been here, it was confusing that we weren't sure what to do when we first walked in.  It  turns out that you order at the counter and then someone will bring you food out as it is ready.  When you're finished, there is a garbage can to the left of the counter where you bus your own dishes.
I ordered the large con panna (espresso with whipped cream on top) and the traditional with a fried egg, potatoes, applewood bacon, and an engish muffin.  My wife got the same thing (different combination and with 2 eggs instead of one).  The bill came to $25 which I thought was quite good.  The coffee was very strong and tasty.  I liked the bacon, I had 2 slices of nice thick bacon.  The potatoes are sauteed with onions and peppers which gives them a nice flavor.
On Sundays they have a jazz quartet playing which was very nice.  They also have outside tables where you can sit.  It would be a great place to have breakfast and bring your dog along.Very cool local neighborhood cafe....small menu but large portions!!! Friendly staff and if you have food restrictions the Chef is very helpful in accommodating your needs!very fresh and mostly organic foods. Their breakfast is delicious. Try the Bermuda triangles, the avocado spread is amazing. all of the baked goods are made in house an are all amazing. The biscuits and gravy are fresh and a large portion.Poche' is so good. Only place I've found where you can get boudin as your breakfast meat! Live music on the weekends for breakfast is a great treat. Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the slow service and sometimes they run out of ingredients. Highly recommend just for the atmosphere and the boudin!Our quest for THE NOLA breakfast spot continues. While staying across the river in Algiers point, we decided to try out the local neighborhood place. It was well worth it and also dodged the Mother's Day brunch crowds that were surely packing the more central locations.
We had three specialty breakfast dishes and silver dollar pancakes for one of the kids.
Highlights: the turkey sausage, tasty and nicely textured. The cheesy potatoes with eggs and a side of sour cream and avocado! That was the best. 
I'm not a huge fan of grits but I they were tasty too. 
Coffee was good, strong and flavorful. Sadly no fresh squeezed orange juice available, but breakfast comes with good fresh fruit options.
The french toast (pain perdu) was the one lowlight. Dry and not very flavorful. There's much better options on the menu.
Make sure to take cash. It is the only payment option.
Service was prompt and courteous. We'll surely visit on our next trip.If you ever need to feel like you have transported to another world while sipping a freshly brewed drink and tempting your taste buds, go to Tout! 
It is an adorable cafe with something so comfortably romantic, that my first stay on Aligers I found myself here three times a week. 
This is a wonderful spot for gluten free eaters as well! They not only make fresh GF baked goods and have amazing salads, but they also carry GF cold cereals (something that is hard to find and though simple can bring a smile to even an adults face)They never disappoint.  This place is a hidden gem; well worth the find.  The staff is personable and the food is always fresh and deliciousCute lil cafe that serves up delicious coffee, breakfast, salads, and panini sandwiches.
The various panini sandwiches are my personal favorite along with the chicken salad. The prices are a bit high but there's not many places to eat in the point. 
Artsy decor with a friendly neighborhood attitude to match. Grab a book and hangout or drop by on the weekends for some music.Came down last year and enjoyed the hearty breakfasts; came right back again for breakfast my first morning back. The owner isn't chatty but is efficient and the food is great.Deep South: well worth it! Cinnamon roll incredible & pouche (boudin andailles sauce, grits & eggs) pretty frikin scrumptious.Not much to write here folks. It's like the only place to have breakfast in Algiers Point. 
Order at the counter, no fresh orange juice, coffee per the GF is ok. 
My eggs, bacon and potatoes were ok. The pancake was good but they gave me a small serving of syrup. Is having a bottle of syrup at the table really that cost prohibitive? 
Will give it points for portion sizes, decor and homey feel and the quiches looked interesting.Food is amazing with a great atmosphere. The "atchafalaya" dish can't get any better. Order at counter pay then find table. They bring food to you. I live only 5 mins away and always look forward to spending my mornings at this establishment.Our favorite place to eat breakfast! Their lunch menu is fabulous too, but their breakfast is divine. The atmosphere is great and the service is wonderful!We just moved to the Point, and this has been the highlight so far! 50 cent coffee refills, etoufee over grits, such delicious-looking pastries, counter service, dog-friendly, what more in the world could you ask for?!Great food, super friendly and casual.   We had a pastry and split a special breakfast.   Filled us up.   Nice place to hang out.There are some places where the food is just better enjoyed from your couch and Tout de Suite is definitely one of those places. 
The spot itself is cozy. You order from a counter and the whole place has maybe 30 seats total. On a regular weekday (or even a lazy Saturday), this makes the place a quaint neighborhood eatery. A perfect place to sip coffee and read or gossip with your friends.
On a bustling Sunday (and all their Sundays are bustling), this tiny place becomes a crowded, introvert's nightmare. Filled to the brim with customers, you can easily hear the conversations of the table next to you, a child cries in the distance, the phone will ring just as you've decided what you want to order....
And likely, I'll be the one calling. Tout de Suite is one of the few places that has mastered to go breakfast. I typically call in my usual breakfast order (the Katrina, no avocado) and pick it up within 15 minutes. The entire in and out of the breakfast pick-up takes no more than 5 minutes and then I am free to enjoy my breakfast in the quiet comfort of my home. The food is EXCELLENT, both dine in and to go. Everything is fresh and always hot, so sometimes it takes a little longer than I'd like, but it's always worth the wait. The staff is polite, but they almost always seem to be no nonsense and to the point (which can feel rude in a city where small talk is the norm). The lunch food is great as well, but the lunch menu seems much more limited than the breakfast menu (mainly just sandwiches and salads). Some items can seem a little pricey, like $12 for an omelet that is about two small eggs, but overall, they are reasonable. Call ahead on a Sunday and enjoy one of the breakfast specials from the comfort of your home. Luckily, breakfast is served all day on Sunday.A simple neighborhood cafe with a friendly atmosphere.  This salmon lox is light and refreshing. This is exact what I was looking for this morning. I'd recommend visiting this place.I found this place looking for somewhere to eat lunch. I got the special of the day, a great reuben sandwich which is a rare find here. I chose the side salad and it had an awesome light lemony home-made dressing.
I couldnt resist trying a blueberry pie, fresh, great crust. I got a blackberry cheese danish for "later". It had a perfectly fresh, recently baked wonderful crust and delicious, just right cheese and berry ratio.
The setting is perfect in Algiers point neighborhood, across from a square and a church. Plenty of shady parking.Best breakfast nook ever. What I enjoy most about staying at the house in New Orleans is their bacon. Go early to avoid a crowd. Great local spot.Oh my goodness!  I had the Farmer Boys with bacon! And it was amazing! It is a hidden jewel that is a local spot. You can tell by the crowd that was in there.Enjoyed a delicious breakfast. French toast was perfect and grits were buttery and satisfying. Staff was so friendly. We didn't have any cash and they allowed us to leave and come back to pay. True southern hospitality that was much appreciated. Will be back any time we are in Algiers again!My wife and I tried this little cafe tucked in Historic Algiers Point one rainy Friday morning. WOW! The food is delicious and the portions generous. We each had hot tea - Darjeeling and a Chai latte. I had the scrambled eggs with biscuit, bacon, and O'Brien potatoes while my wife had the Atchafalaya - crawfish etouffée over grits with scrambled eggs. Everything was delicious! Staff was so friendly and welcoming. The cafe is well decorated and perfect for the neighborhood. This is our first visit but it won't be our last!  As a tour guide in the French Quarter I will recommend it to my guests as well.Everyone wants to find that comfortable place where you walk in and the customers and the staff are easy and friendly. This is a great place to sit by yourself and enjoy a great coffee and breakfast or chat up the person sitting next to you, whatever you feel like that that day. Good food and coffee provided in a great environment by irreplaceable staff.Be aware that the kitchen is closed on Mondays, but every other day of the week, Tout de Suite is serving up amazing breakfast and lunch. Their biscuits and gravy are legendary. The owners (I presume) are the sweetest people ever and will refill your coffee without you even glancing their way, and it's just a pleasant place to sit and watch the passersby.What a quaint little cafe. I style myself a huevos rancheros expert. I once ate at a different Mexican(-American) restaurant every day for two weeks straight (multiple times some days). It was a culinary experiment. I also order huevos rancheros, at every restaurant that has them, at least once. Tout de suite's were easily the best I've had in NOLA.The most kid friendly restaurant ever! Books and toys for my toddler and very good breakfast. Can easily make things vegetarian and great coffee also :)My personal favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans, it is a neighborhood resterant so they are know you by your first name and ALWAYS make you feel like family, the service and overall atmosphere is second to none...now with that being said if the food wasn't amazing none of those compliments would be worth it anything, fortunately that is far from the case, everything is fresh and ha d made and comes out of that kitchenette quick fast and in a hurry!
Here's a tip, get the Atchafa-however the heck you spell that word haha it is truly a example of New Orleans on a plate!
I live Uptown now and I can't find ANY place that compares, and for the record I hate crossing the freaking river, however this place is worth the trip, plus Algiers Point is one of the most beautiful places in New Orleans.Pound is pound there is no better breakfast in the city of New Orleans and YES Algiers Point counts as the city is New Orleans, moat of the places thst you hear about are HONESTLY just overrated tourist trash that are waaaaaaaaaaaaay more hype than substance *Mothers, Oceana and Ruby Slipper I am talking to YOU!
The service is straight forward and personal, by the second time they meet you they already know that your name and have a feel forgotten what you might want, they are FAST, humble, clean and personable, not to mention the the food is DELICIOUS and second to NONE, if you want breakfast in New Orleans and if this place aint your first pick, then i apologize for your ignorance but guess what?!? 
You know better now!!!! So do better with the places that you dine and support REAL people that cook with heart passion and love, and your taste buds will thank you for it. Oh and before i forget its cash only, but they have a ATM on site so its all to the wholesome goodness like wonder bread.This old joint located across the Mississippi River in Old Algiers Point is worthy of a trip or two. I actually ate there three times because it was so delicious and the food quality was flavorful and locally sourced. Each portion I had was huge and very reasonable priced with a military discount to boot. It's very pleasant and comfortable inside the old building that has slot of character. Kinda reminds me the movie My Girl. And while I was eating there, a movie was being filmed across the street the old beautiful town square. The item I got twice was a dish with black beans, cheese, onions on top of a corn tortilla with a dollop of sour cream, two farm fresh eggs and avocado. It's making my mouth water just thinking about it again, almost 3 weeks ago. It was perfectly matched with cilantro and a scratch made hot sauce. I skipped breakfast the second time around because it was so deliciously filling! So, not only is this place awesome, but make a day trip out of it and escape to Old Algiers! You will not be disappointed!I went here on a whim for brunch knowing I was gonna be on the westbank. Great reviews, a long line out the door. Well....it was ok food that could easily be the leftovers out of your refrigerator from the night before. I sat at the counter to save space. And with my seat came the view of the work horse of the "kitchen"....their microwave. I can easily say that 70% of the dishes coming out of their kitchen were in the microwave. Huevos Rancheros and the potatoes...except for the eggs....the remainder of the ingredients of this two dishes went into the microwave to reheat and/or melt cheese. The funny part is that there was a salamander (a broiler) on the counter feet away that sat empty. Yet, there was a line of plates waiting to go in the microwave. My girlfriend's dish had so much cheese on it to mask the microwaving that she got queasy after.
Bottom line: great place if you'd like to pay $30 for fare you could make in five minutes at home.My friend and I came to Tout De Suite Cafe during our stay in Algiers. We kept passing by after it had closed but finally had the change to go the day before we left.
Tout De Suite Cafe is one of those places that needs to be on your list of cafes to visit.
The staff was friendly and helpful. You can tell that they really care about their customers and the food.
I ended up ordering a breakfast option (I don't remember the name). My meal had the two slices of bacon, two eggs of my choice, grits, and an english muffin. I know you can customize the options but that's what I went with. I had been having stomach issues the days prior so this was a nice and light breakfast. 
The food was amazing. The cafe au lait was nice and hot. It reminded me of a home cooked meal/comfort meal. 
I'll definitely come back next time I'm in town again. 
Definitely put Tout De Suite Cafe on your list and make sure to check out their business hours so you'll make it there before closing time.
Also, the view outside is very peaceful and beautiful.Longtime employee is now the delightful new owner, excellent food. Light fare is available, but I can never resist the Katrina (vegetarian huevos rancheros)!This has become my favorite place to eat breakfast place in New Orleans. Awesome atmosphere with amazing food. Just all around an awesome place to have breakfast away from all the tourist and the quarter. Id give this place 10 stars if I couldWow, what a treat.  Great and creative breakfast in a homey neighborhood, and with live music to boot!  Kid friendly, and yummy.  Friendly locals in line with us asked us tourists to join them at their table.  Small place, so tables were in short supply, by the way.  Ck it out if you are in Algiers (US, not Algeria, that is).How did it take me so long to discover this little gem? I love going out for breakfast and brunch, and while I was living in Nola, the weekend mornings have always been a case of 'where are we going to eat?' I would turn on Yelp and in all previous occasions this place didn't show up.
One reason why I've probably never run across Tout De Suite Cafe is because I rarely ventured to Algiers Point. Well now I have a reason to visit more often during my trips to Nola.
I really enjoyed the weekend morning vibe and the live music. I also liked the outdoor seating and how dog friendly it was. I came here with my wife and we ended up sitting inside, having recently come from the north, I was feeling the heat already.
I ordered a con panna and the Traditional. Both were very good, although I thought my con panna tasted very similar to a mocha.  I loved my potatoes on my traditional and they had a mild but good heat to them. I can't wait to come back here and try out the sausage gravy dishes (I like to douse my hash browns in gravy), and all the other breakfast dishes that look so delicious in the yelp pictures.I really wish I had enjoyed this place more, but after a total of 3 visits (I'm a sucker for second and third chances, especially with it being so close by), I just am still underwhelmed at best. 
The first time I went was over a year ago, the food was pretty good, on the expensive side for what we received, but not outrageous. I had the Le Jardin which I enjoyed and my friend had the Rueben, which he much preferred to eat the other half of my sandwich. The used to have a better side selection, I can't remember what they were, but I liked mine. The building itself is adorable, that's the one consistent positive they have. 
The second time, I went by myself for lunch during the spring. I had the tuna sandwich with a side salad, and a latte. Total cost for everything landed me right around $30 with tip. Now had the meal been something worth speaking about, I wouldn't bat an eye at the price; however, this was not. The salad was good enough, the sandwich was decent at best and as much as it pains me to say it, I could have received a better latte at Starbucks. Luckily, the building is still nice.
Third time, I brought my father there over the summer since it was nearby and he had remarked that it was an interesting looking place. I ordered the Poche and he had the JCC. My father received his meal first and after about 5-10 minutes of waiting, I urged him to go ahead and eat. By the time my Poche had finally arrived, he had all but finished his JCC. They say timing is everything, in this case that proves true; I'm not a fan of taking turns with my dining companion watching each other eat. My father had been wanting to try grits, I didn't let him try the grits with my Poche since I didn't want those to be his first experience. Everything about the Poche was sloppy. Maybe I've been spoiled by other boudin clad breakfasts in New Orleans, but this was painfully underwhelming. Besides the obviously overworked staff who didn't seem too concerned with their customers, the interior was nice to look at. 
I actually have coupons for this place if anyone wants them, I can guarantee I will not be using them. For the price and lack of service, coupled with the mediocre food at best, I can honestly only give this place one star, it's just not worth the visit. If you'd like to see how cute it is, I'd suggest walking in, taking a look, then walking immediately back out. As much as I love to support businesses in Algiers Point, this is the only one I just cannot enjoy no matter how many times I go.This place exceeded our expectations. We had pan pardu which was flavored with orange zest, vanilla and cinnamon (ahhh-mazing) and biscuits & gravy. Top notch neighborhood cafe in a cute neighborhood.This one is a little hard for me to write. I think the people who run this place are generally sweet people who try hard. 
The first two times we ate here, we liked it a lot. They have interesting sides like quinoa salad and couscous with your sandwich and their Cuban sandwiches are usually the best.
But the last time (Yes, that accursed third time) was horrible. I don't know who made the sandwiches because we ordered over the phone and The Girly picked them up.
This time, the Cubans were horrible. I actually mean horrible.  They were not a less amazing version of the usual. They were nasty. Neither of us finished our food. The quinoa salad was tasteless and a bit hard. We didn't finish that either.
I ended up making soup. :(The katrita was so deelish! My daughter also enjoyed the jean Lafitte (silver dollar pancakes) they were fresh and very good! Cute spot it's a little tight but very cozy and welcoming. We've been in Algiers for 7 years and pass this place up during our morning levee runs! Can't believe we never stopped in for food. We'll definitely be back.The food is pretty great, the prices are a bit high.  Very cute inside and outside.I want very much to love this cafe. It's quaint. The coffee is good. The food is often scrumptious. What's my beef, then? It seems as though the staff is unhappy. That unhappiness translates into mediocre service and a feeling that the customers' needs come last compared with the rush to make and cut pastries for sale later in the day. I understand the daily pressures that are involved with a busy operation. But if you don't take time to say "hi" to your regular customers and first-time visitors, if you are so frazzled that you can't take an order without having to turn away and yell something to the kitchen staff in the middle of writing the order down, then it's time to remedy the situation. This could be a four-star neighborhood nook. Why the managers and employees act as though it's a Manhattan lunch diner is beyond me. Either get extra help or lower your prices! I speak from the heart. I want this place to succeed.Came in on a Sunday for a late, rainy breakfast. Cute, cozy place on the Westbank. We ordered the Irish Channel, blueberry pancakes, and made our own omelette; all were delicious!! Order at counter, Sunday breakfast til 3 pm, and cute outdoor seating (when the weather allows). Would definitely go back!Took the ferry across to Algiers to stroll around in this quiet and quaint section of NOLA.  Stopped in for a bite to eat and was so glad we did.  The grilled Reuben was delish, as was the side of potato salad that was served with it.  We also ordered the "soup of the day", a tomato bisque that was absolutely wonderful!What a gem!  I happened upon this place when I was on my way to eat my birthday dinner at the apparently now-defunct Aunt Leni's (R.I.P., Leni).  
They have a wide variety of fresh pastries, cakes, bevvies, panini and "sexy salads" to choose from.  Although I really wanted to try one of their high octane coffees I thought of my unborn baby and went with a grapefruit soda.  I also had a bacon, chicken and pesto panini and my love had one of his own concoctions and left a very happy camper.  He, being a no-nonsense construction worker, usually wrinkles his nose at "foofy" coffee shops but even he was pleased with the homey atmosphere, delicious and filling food, authentically friendly staff, and outdoor seating options.  I'm excited about turning this place into one of my local haunts.Tout de Suite is a lovely and quaint coffee shop in the heart of Algeers Point. 
Right when you walk in you can tell you're in a building that is over 100 years old. From the stained floors, to the cypress board walls, you can feel the nostalgia. 
The food here is really good, from paninis and sandwiches to delicious breakfast. I enjoy the farmer's breakfast! 
On Sundays, there are usually a couple of older gentlemen playing the banjo or a young girl that sings in french. 
When you're there, it's hard not to feel like you've stepped into a movie set.
Why only 3 stars?  It's a bit on the expensive side.This has become my favorite place to eat breakfast place in New Orleans. Awesome atmosphere with amazing food. Just all around an awesome place to have breakfast away from all the tourist and the quarter. Id give this place 10 stars if I could.The food was outstanding. The service left something to be desired. It must have taken 30-45 minutes for our lunch.  I think they were busy closing up shop for the day instead of preparing our food once we got it though it was scrumptious. Blueberry pie still tasted like real fruit which we loved. Wild mushroom mac n cheese was delish as was the gumbo & grits thing. We also ordered a sandwich with Brie and gruyere that wasn't toasted as they said and was bland.Food is amazing!! Not just good, but Delicious!! My mom was staying at an Airbnb near by. Her host recommended this spot for breakfast and lunch, though I live in the Algiers area, I had never been. She went one day, raved about it so we joined her the next day, it was amazing. I had the "down south" its a skillet, loaded with potatoes, sausage, eggs, gravy and cheese, 'nough said! MONDAYS they have a lighter menu, (yes went back the next day too) equally as delicious, biscuits and gravy are ridiculous, grab a blanket and a nap after eating, you have been warnedMy partner and I stumbled on this little gem today while exploring Algiers.  We ordered a House Salad and the Le Jardin sandwich.  The food was sooooo good, fresh and clean tasting!  The girl at the counter was very friendly and attentive.  Stop here if you find yourself in the area hungry and wanting to eat a lighter meal.We've been loyal customers of Tout De Suite for 5 years now. Today, we entered looking forward to breakfast and were confronted with a "cash only" sign. We left. We just don't carry cash to any degree these days. Seems penny wise and pound foolish. We'll be crossing this one off our list of westbank favorites.Mit der Fähre kann man vom French Quarter in ca. 7 Minuten in den Stadtteil Algiers übersetzen und eine kleine Besichtigung des Stadtteils unternehmen. Hier ist Ruhe oberstes Gebot, kein hektischer Partytrubel oder gar laute Musik. Inmitten des Viertels gegenüber von der Kirche liegt das Tout De Suite Café. Es bietet sich an, hier eine kurze Pause in Mitten von Einheimischen zu machen, bevor man wieder in den belebteren Teil der Stadt zurückkehrt.A charming local place with amazing food!  It is outside the hustle of the French Quarters in Algiers, just across the river.The neighborhood is very loyal to this restaurant, because of its consistently good service and food. I most recently had the avacado toast, and the tomatoes were soooo fresh and delicious. There are other cajun inspired breakfast options and yummy lunches. The interior and exterior are quirky and charming. Recommended for locals and tourists! Five stars!Excellent place for breakfast and the coffee is fresh made to your order.  I enjoy bringing my nephew here to eat.  He loves the pancakes   Service is very efficient. Lots of local art on the walls. Wi-Fi is available.Had the Katrina breakfast, it was wonderful!!  Staff was friendly and prompt. It was a little busy but it was worth the wait (Sunday morning).The absolute best service I've ever had! My mom and I came to New Orleans just to eat! We come once a month and try out new restaurants. This was by far one the best! The women that work in this place have to be the sweetest most genuine people ever! They treat everyone well and they make you feel right at home!We had a great breakfast at the cafe.  We met the some great locals and heard some great stories of the town.  We had the omelets, pancakes and the farmer brown.  The service was great and she friendly.  We would definitely go back!Ordered a lox bagel and coffee to-go. There was a very short line to order, but it moved quickly, and the staff was super friendly.
Overall, quick friendly service, solid food, and cute atmosphere! There were so many other dishes that looked tasty also, but we were in a rush and needed something quick. Wish we'd had time to sit and enjoy our food there - it looked so welcoming!While visiting New Orleans on vacation, we ate at Tout De Suite three times in five days. The location is quaint and super cute. You can tell it's a family run business, which I love. On our first visit I had the Deep South which is a skillet with potatoes O'Brien, eggs, a biscuit and covered in gravy. It was AMAZING. On our second trip the three of us shared the French toast, Hurricane Katrina, and a three-egg omelet. Everything was so delicious and for the price it was A LOT of food. The coffee was also very, very good. Our third trip was coffee and an almond scone to-go which was crumbly and delicious. We will definitely go back on our next vacation to New Orleans.We had a weekend girls trip to NOLA and stayed at an AirBnb in Algiers. This cafe was about 3 blocks from our house and was a GREAT place to grab breakfast before headIng into the French Quarter. The food was fresh and perfectly proportioned, the service was exceptional. Even if staying on the other side oof the river, it's worth a ferry ride for brunch. We loved it!Tout De Suite is a good breakfast option if you're on the West Bank.
The café is in Old Algiers across the river from the French Quarter.  The commotion and crowds of the East Bank aren't found here.  It's a neighborhood spot with a "Cheers" vibe--the kind of place where people linger over breakfast with a newspaper or with a few friends.
We visited around 10:30AM on a Saturday and easily found parking nearby on Alix Street.  To our surprise there was no line at the front counter so we placed orders and found a table quickly.
The menu had a variety of Creole, Cajun and southern breakfast options.  Signature Breakfast dishes were named after Louisiana landmarks.  Traditional Breakfast items were pancakes, potatoes and omelets.  The Light Breakfast menu offered healthy choices like steel-cut oats and a berry parfait.
The café tables outside were charming but since it was raining we opted for a seat inside.  I ordered the Atchafalaya--crawfish etouffee over creamy grits with two scrambled eggs.  My guy went with pancakes and eggs and enjoyed his meal too.  Our food came out with speed and the portions were generous.
We enjoyed the no-wait seating and delicious food and recommend Tout De Suite to anyone looking for a solid breakfast on the West Bank.We are out of towners that heard a lot about this place and how amazing the food was. Drove 25 mins out of our way and ordered food. We were notified at the cashiers table that it'll be 15 mins for potatoes to be ready for our order. We were fine with it and place our order. Fast forward 55 mins after and we finally got our food. The group of 5 behind u cancelled their order 50mins into placing the order, got their money back and left. The parties that came after our two groups, have all eaten and left by the time our food even came out. When asked why our food took almost an hour, they pushed back that they notified us in the beginning that it'll be 15-20mins for potatoes. Doesn't explain the 55mins ticket time. As we were bussing our own table to leave, the gentleman behind the cash register popped up to help us bus our tables. In the process he mentioned that the reason why our food took 1 hour to be made was because their cook was sick and she was moving slow...What's up family!!! Me & wifey is down here in Nawlens ( New Orleans) embracing the culture.  Yo I have to say that this town has there own favor. Which brings me to my blog about this spot. Let me make this simple for you. The food at this joint is the bomb. I ordered the farmer browns it  had potatoes O'Brien with cheese, salsa sour cream & avocado & eggs.& my wife ordered atchafalaya & the cane river. That had crawfish attoyffe over grits, bone in ham, red eye gravey and buttermilk biscuit. The biscuit was opened up & grilled. Absolutely delicious. This is a great place to start your day. The prices are very reasonable ( Note: this is a CASH Only establishment) but it's worth the visit if your ever in the area.Great morning stop!  We stayed in Algiers while visiting New Orleans and happened upon this gem.  From berries, granola & yogurt to a full fledged eggs, meat, potatoes & toast.......they have it all!  Very welcoming and friendly staff.  Locals recommended this place time and time again as we walked around during our week here.  The service is super fast and there is lots of local art on the walls for sale as well.Huevos Rancheros was so good! Split avocado toast which was tasty as well. Long line but food was out so fastI'm new to the neighborhood and couldn't wait to try this place. It did not disappoint! Food and service were FANTASTIC. I know this will be our spot to take out of town visitors when they come in. I had the heauvo ranchos and my husband had an omelette.A true neighborhood gem.  Food is wonderful and ambiance is great. Haven't found one thing we don't like on the menu and we've been going here for a couple years now.  
Great spot for families too.  Some of my favorite cold brew in town and you won't go wrong choosing this place!A group of friends was looking for breakfast on a Sunday morning in Algiers and found this super cute spot. We shared coffee and tea and dined on delicious food and there was something for everyone from vegetarian to eat all the meats. The biscuits are A+
Order at the counter and food is delivered to your table. Prices are very affordable and their is a staff person who is refilling waters and bussing the tables for you. There was even a musician playing quietly in a corner with a tip box out, adding to the ambiance.
There are a few outdoor tables but it was a bit chilly and there were 4 of us. The only thing that could make it better is if they offered Cane syrup in addition to maple. 
Will definitely be back.I make a stop every time I'm in the neighborhood! Wonderful comfort food or light fruit and a danish. Every choice is a win! I don't have a favorite- it is all based on my mood. But I have never had anything I didn't like.I've gotten take out twice now from here. The huevos rancheros was delicious both times. Service was friendly and efficient. It's a great neighborhood place to get breakfast or brunch.We happened upon this cute, little, neighborhood cafe one morning and gave it a shot. The food was beyond and above delicious with every tiny thing homemade..... biscuits, gravy, pastries.... all were delicious. The service was excellent also. Very welcoming and friendly. Great prices, perfect portions (If you're super hungry) and all in a super quaint atmosphere with plenty of Louisiana style. I highly recommend this place!!Quaint and local pastry, breakfast, and coffee shop located in the heart of Algiers Point.
Helpful and friendly staff adds to the ambiance.
Dog friendly outside, always with a bowl of water and tie-ups.My boyfriend and I came here for brunch during our stay in Algiers Point. I ordered the Atchafalaya (crawfish étoufée with grits and eggs) and he got the Farmer Browns. You can choose what style eggs you want. Both meals were delicious! You order at the counter, grab a table, and the food comes out. Yum! I'd definitely come back.My absolute favorite breakfast place on the Westbank!  I live in Algiers, so this is my go-to place for breakfast. It has such a nice ambience and it's a great place to go on a Saturday morning with family and friends. And the food! SO GOOD! Everything! It really doesn't matter what you get, everything is just delicious. My favorite is the two egg breakfast w/ potatoes or the bagel and lox. They also have great tasting coffee. You also have the option to sit inside or outside. The line to order can get long on Saturday mornings, but it's worth it!I had breakfast twice here. Super friendly and good food! Limited menu with Covid but everything is home made and delicious!*sigh*
You should never have to wait an hour for a cold breakfast with off bacon and rude counter help and still have to pay 30+ bucks for 2 people.
The pancakes were doughy (The girls said they were so bad she could have made them herself). The pain Perdu with orange had no orange and  covered with stale almonds. It was actually a chore to try to eat. Since both meals were cold (all but the microwaved, off tasting bacon) the pat of butter was useless and the tiny container of cold syrup didn't do any good either.
Eggs sunny-side up was so under-cooked that only a skin-thin bit was cooked and all the rest of the white was clear through (that's not sunny side up).
Just such a terrible experience topped with the girl behind the counter just being rude  and short with people made this a no-go place.
I'm not sure if it's been sold or a new manager is in place, but it was waaaay under-staffed (which can lead to angry, rude employees and hour long waits).
Get yo shit together, people. This place was decent a few years ago. Get back to that level.It is definitely a gem in the rough- they have so many good things going on here...food is phenomenal, coffee is good, prices are in line with the area, local music while you wait...but the actual wait can be excruciating. We waited in line TO ORDER for 25 minutes. There has to be a better way. The person taking orders would walk away and bus tables, then come back- little unorthodox. But it was tasty and I have been back.Awesome place for breakfast. Great variety of food and morning drinks for all. Great vibe. Would highly recommend coming here to start your day off right!It's so rewarding to go back to one of your favorite breakfast spots after a year or two absence, to find that the food is still every bit as good as it was on your last visit.  The huevos rancheros at Tout de Suite is seriously one of the best breakfast dishes in town.  Great coffee, too!  
The owner/manager is passionate about customer service and will make you feel like family.Cash only place with atm inside. Street parking. Cute little cafe in Algiers point. My go to brunch in the westbank. I ordered their special of the day which was the banana foster pain perdu with fruits. It had the perfect amount of syrup and fruits were super fresh. Toast wasn't too soggy. Finger licking good lol. The boyfriend order the ATCHAFALAYA (Crawfish Ettouffe over creamy stone-ground grits with two eggs). The crawfish seem frozen and they were not shy about how much they give you. Sauce was a bit fishy tasting. The grits were creamy and something I would come back for. They also have a good assortment of baked goods. We'll be back to enjoy some other dishes on their front patio area.A little bit of a drive from French Quarter but per my husband - BEST BREAKFAST EVER. THE Atchafalaya.....oh my goodness. I took a bite....and he totally won best choice with this dish.  He is picky about food....so for him to be crazy about a dish....that is an event. We sat outside. Lovely neighborhood. Friendly people. Safe place relative to COVID precautions.Very gluten free friendly! Owner was aware of cross contamination and handled my food with care. 
The strawberry almond gf muffin was AMAZING. Made fresh this morning, it was one of the best gf pastries I've ever had. 
I got the Caesar salad (without croutons) add chicken and it was very light, well dressed, lots of avocado. It was a generous portion. 
My husbands dish looked really good. All in all REALLY glad we found this place.Wow, visiting New Orleans and came here on a Saturday morning for breakfast. It's an unassuming restaurant across from a church. Managed by an Asian family, mostly female (all a plus for me). Ordered the Poche. It's a smoked Cajun boudin sausage, two eggs, a red creamy sauce piquant over grits. Absolutely delicious, I would eat the plate I could. Highly recommend getting across the Mississippi River and trying this place.This is my second visit to Tout De Suite Cafe and this time I brought the family. We had a great time catching up over some yummy breakfast. Service is fast and the food never disappoints.I'm usually forgiving when it comes to yelp reviews, but today's experience was awful. This may come across as harsh but it is literally what happened.
We waited in a line to order for over 20 minutes. This is largely because of the fact there are no menus visible and not offered near the door. The service was exceptionally slow. So slow, that forgetting to order a coffee was a bad mistake, considering we would have to get back in line and wait another 20 minutes. Also, this place is cash only, but there is an ATM available.
I ordered pancakes and a side of potatoes. The pancakes were dense and tough, I couldn't even cut them with a fork. Maple syrup was the cheapest goo they could find. The potatoes were half new slightly-undercooked potatoes and half old, oily, hard pieces of starch. And when the food was brought out to us, the waitress did not offer to bring outside condiments or salt/pepper (and it wasn't on the tables already).
My boyfriend got the Katrina meal, which was Huevos Rancheros. He said it was overall good, but something surprised us. The cheese was cemented to the plate along the edges, like what happens when cheese gets microwaved for too long.
When bringing in our plates, I overheard someone asking kindly if they could get one of the sandwiches without the dressing on it. A woman who worked there told her no, because the sandwich was pre-made.
I honestly can't believe this all happened- especially due to the high rating on yelp and a suggestion from some people to go here. One woman behind us in line stated she goes out of her way to come here. Maybe we caught them on a bad day, but I fee service this bad is inexcusable.After crossing the Mississippi River from the fairy boat,  this small quaint restaurant is worth the short walk.  They have a good variety of meals to offer for the less adventurous consumers, and more local cuisine for those tourist who might want to try something out of the box.  The Atchafalaya that I had was very good, and everyone else's meals looked good, with no leftovers to take home.  The restaurant is somewhat small with limited seating.  Seats become available as food is ordered at the counter.  Overall, it is a clean restaurant with a nice staff and good food.My husband and I wanted to explore Algiers Point and found an article about things to see and do. It recommended Tout de Suite for breakfast, lunch or coffee. We rode the bus from Treme and had a delicious breakfast! My husband had crawfish etouffee over cheese grits and I had some of the best huevos rancheros (cojito cheese makes it!). Fun interior and clearly a local favorite. We are fueled to walk around and know we can come back for a boost of coffee or something refreshing before we take the ferry back across the river.Came here after a burial with 12 people and they were extremely accommodating. Had the Poche, Atchafayalan, Pain Perdue and a few sandwiches. Food was outstanding. Costumer service was on point.  What a wonderful place. Thank you guys!!Such a great spot from the art on the walls, friendly service and great food. Had the farmer browns which was delicious and Deep South skillet! Both delicious. Everything gets 5 stars!Great good, amazing service and and just a relaxed atmosphere. Love coming here and feeling like your apart of something and just at easeI ordered the poché (with overeasy eggs), which was very good. 
However, I had a bite of my friend's biscuits and gravy, and THAT was the winner. The gravy was velvety, the biscuit was fluffy, and everything tasted like butter and sausage.
The coffee was also really good!