One of the best places in New Orleans. When I first moved here this was one of the first places I ate at. The food is great the people who work here are awesome and trivia is super awesome on Tuesdays.Stopped in for dinner cuuuuuuz we were too lazy to cook.  It had been a crazy week, so of course we hit the bar for vodka and tequila while we waited for our food.
You order at the back where a counter is all that separates you from the kitchen.  The staff was real laid back and friendly - nothing pretentious about the place.  We ordered a fried shrimp plate and a roast beef po boy, and got our fries with cheese and gravy.
It's a great open space with exposed brick and super high ceilings, a bar outfitted with several TVs, and plenty of tables inside and out.  Our food came out pretty quick, which meant the shrimp and fries were fresh out of the fryer, piping hot.  They were definitely done right.  We got the gravy on the side and dipped the cheese fries in it and oh my goodness!  That gravy really made even plain fries soo good.  I even dipped my taste of the po boy in it.  The po boy was good as it was, but I think I would actually like some provolone or swiss on it next time, and definitely extra gravy for dipping!
Overall, it was a pretty good meal.  They get that fourth star here because of how well everything was done and, in case you haven't caught on yet, the gravy.  We bussed our table ('cause that's what you do here) and left the cast of characters at the bar to carry on with their light n lively conversations.Great food! Good drinks ! friendly staff ! In our experience   
We got so much food for what we paid. The po boys and wings were absolutely delicious!Love this place! Full of locals looking to wind down from a hard days work and to have a good time. Everybody is super nice and will talk with you about anything. 
This is also a place for local college kids to hang out, so at times it could be more party and rowdy. But to me, that adds to the experience. 
If the Saints are playing, be prepared to be swarmed with fans. Everybody is out with their jerseys on and ready to shout dem Saints to victory. 
The bar also serves food and has one of the best shrimp po-boys I have ever had. If you are new or a long time resident of New Orleans, I recommend checking out Tracey'sWe asked a cab driver to take us somewhere local with good food and he dropped us here. I had the BBQ Beef Po'Boy and hubby had shrimp. We also split the gravy fries (OMG - to die for!) and fried pickles. Fun, upbeat environment and the food was delicious!! I would definitely go back - especially for St. Paddy's since of all things, this was an Irish Pub!Total neighborhood scene - good food in fun, shabby setting.  Uber casual.  Cameos of drunk dudes at bar, greasy chef, and locals wandering in and out. Cool music. Roast Beef po-boy - wet and good - would have been better if they remembered the Swiss cheese I ordered on it.  Bonus points for having Crystal Hot Sauce available ... I'm all for the dive'ish ambiance but the bathrooms were beyond filthy for a Sunday early evening.I inevitably end up at Tracey's every time I'm in New Orleans-- usually more than once.
The po'boys are decent, the man behind the counter-- terrifying. The bartenders are incredibly friendly, and the drinks are cheap.This is NOT an Irish pub. It's a bar with a bunch of green crap thrown on the walls. If painted clovers makes an Irish pub then you really need to raise your standards. 
On the plus side there was a lot of seating.
Sadly, the music is awful, the bar tender was rude to my dad but nice to me. WTH?!?! Dad asked what beers they have on tap, a fair question as they have the taps spread out in multiple spots along the bar. The response was a grumble and a point. Nice to see they got that NOLA rude thing down pat. 
We ordered food and it was typical greasy bar food. They gave us containers of cocktail sauce that had gelled together in a clump. I tried to break it up with my plastic fork but got grossed out and didn't eat it. If you like that then this place is great but don't be fooled into thinking this is one of NOLA's food treasures. Nothing to see here. Keep moving.
P.S. It is full of locals but it's in a prissy white neighborhood and the locals are a bunch barneys. Won't be back and won't be sending anyone down there.As a health freak I leaned towards the salad option. I didn't have a high expectation at all since we were at a bar but it turned out actually pretty tasty! I got the Greek salad with grilled chicken and the Greek chicken was super flavorful and cooked perfectly. If you're trying to be healthy at Tracey's I definitely recommend it!I wish I could give zero stars. They were out of numerous foods (shrimp, fried pickles, boudin balls, roast beef & much more).  A 40 min wait for sandwiches.  And the staff was not willing to be helpful in the least.  The attitude from the girl at the counter when asked for the 2nd time if she could clean our nasty table was abhorrent. She said "there's only one of me" in such a distasteful manner.  I would never come here again for anything.  Never.The food was fair the atmosphere was great.  By 1pm on a weekday the place was packed.  It was nice ypu did not have to wait on a server. Order and pay at the window.  Pick up your food and bus your own table.Great place, local crowd and some of the best po'boys around. You really can't beat it.Got here at 9:45. Didn't realize they'd cut us off from ordering at 9:55.  Very disappointed. They're still making orders; just won't take ours.  Bad PR. Never turn down a customer under those circumstancesThe gravy cheese fries are heavenly. I have had some poor service when it was really crowded but it was years ago. Every time I have gone after that it has been fine. Really good shrimp poboy and of course the roast beef.Had the roast beef poboy. It was very good... Definitely need lots of napkins. It's nice when all the doors are open and you can take in all the sights.I am ashamed to say that I feel this place deserves a five star rating.  At least four.five.  Everything was tasty and the staff was ultra helpful.  However, me and my kids were so hungry, shoe leather would have tasted good. The table was not clean and the server did seem to have some kind of attention deficit disorder.  Besides that, fast fair and tastyThis place appears to be a cool little neighborhood pub. However, the bar service is abysmal. Easily the worst service I have encountered in New Orleans. I honestly don't understand why, in a city with as much bartender talent as New Orleans, they would continue to employ these wankers (Shannon?). The food looked ok, but after the bar service there was no way I was going to order any. In any event, I'm just going to Parasols or the NOLA Brewery from now on.What kind of monster serves a muffaletta with no Olive salad on it? Tracey's. I have been craving a muffaletta all day and after the power went out at Cooter Brown's we came here instead. So disappointing, and such a disgrace to the muffaletta lovers of nola. Also the meat was extremely greasy. Even after I blotted as much of the grease off as I could. Definitely not worth $12.I'm not usually a fan of Irish sports-oriented college bars but I was so happy to come across a crawfish boil on the sidewalk which they apparently have every Thursday from 2pm on (in season I would assume.) You can get a giant tray-sized plate of freshly boiled salty-spicy crawfish with a smattering of sausage, potato, onion, and corn for $10, just what I was looking for. Otherwise, it seemed like a fun albeit typical bar - high ceilings framing a number of TV's dialed into different sports stations, happy hour priced drinks, a friendly enough bartender, and a neighborly vibe.Food was good. Atmosphere not so much. The older male cashier appeared to be annoyed to be communicating with us. It was a very uncomfortable interaction. There are better dining experiences out there. Maybe get your sandwich to go lol.My husband had read a lot about the Parasol's vs. Tracey's roast beef po boy rivalry and decided that we needed to test them both out for ourselves. 
We ate lunch at Tracey's one day and Parasol's the next. We got the roast beef po boy at both. My husband and I have literally no idea how this is a "competition". My husband's exact words were "what would have to be wrong with someone's taste buds to eat each of those po boys and think there is any legitimate comparison between them?"
The Tracey's po boy was fine. But that's it. Just fine. The roast beef had pretty good flavor and the bread was a little too hard. The Parasol's po boy makes you wonder why anyone else on the planet bothers trying to make roast beef because they are all doing it wrong. The Parasol's roast beef po boy is an other worldly experience that has you licking the gravy off your fingers and scraping it off the paper. There is just NO. COMPARISON.
We also ordered the boudin balls. They were odd. They had roast beef (or maybe pulled pork) instead of sausage (which I actually didn't mind) but the coating was so salty that I couldn't even eat it. I had to open them up and just eat the filling. And they served it with the most horrific brown seed mustard... it was not edible. We both thought they needed a remoulade sauce.
My husband and I come to New Orleans every 1-2 years to eat as much delicious food as possible in a short period of time. We are disappointed that we wasted a meal on Tracey's. We had discovered Parasol's a few years ago and knew right away that it was special, but now we know not to waste our time with any of their rivals in the future. (We also got the roast beef po boy at Mohony's a few years ago and it was downright bad.)Laziest service and mediocre food. Bar smelled like pee and the tables were filthy. You have to go to one spot to order the food, another for drinks and there's a dirty cooler up front if you want to pour yourself water. Bus your own table. Expensive for the low quality food and filthy atmosphere. Everyone who works there clearly does the bare minimum. Won't be back.After two days of disappointing meals near Bourbon street, and a lot of drinking, my friends and I ventured over to Tracey's based on rave Yelp reviews. Best decision ever! The roast beef po boy is out of this world! Gravy on a sandwich?? Genius. We also ordered the boudin balls and fried okra, both which were delightfully tasty. The sandwich is big enough to split for those who aren't huge eaters. Delicious hangover food... We will be back on our next visit to NOLA for sure! Yum!I come here for the sports, but always leave once the game is over. Tracey's is not as much an "Irish pub" as it is a local sports bar. Still, though, they always have a medley of sports playing including every NFL game on Sundays.
The food is good and prepared quickly. 
The cons:
I think this bar lacks a certain charm that most NOLA spots have. The alcohol selection isn't very extensive and the staff tends to be a bit curt. 
Also - and this may seems silly - my team always loses when we watch at Tracey's. Seriously, I'm 0-4 at Tracey's. Bad juju, I guess.We met some people here while we were on a trip from Ohio State. The whole environment is the type of place I would be in to had I not been with people from school. (Not allowed to drink)
Ordering the food is done in the back, and it takes awhile for it to come out, but portions were pretty size-able and the price was cheap! I recommend the roast beef po'boy! The chicken tenders are monstrous. You could split them between 2 or 3 depending on appetite.Good local bar. 
Great staff, as long as you play by the rules (I've never had trouble, but I've seen them have to roust people. They don't mess around!). They've been willing to put on a specific non-local game for us (go Giants! go Raiders! go Sharks!), but we've made sure iit hasn't been a big sports day (like playoffs or Derby Day, etc.) and we've asked nicely. 
Try the fried pickles.Today, Thursday the 2 April..... They have the worlds WORST bartender working. She pays more attention to pictures and videos on people's phones then the patrons. I wait 20 minutes for a beer, and the place was not busy at all.So this was a pleasant surprise,  I love the mimosa and they also cook!  The fried fish is nuggets as opposed to large filets and I like that because it makes it easy to share with others.  They also had the largest oysters I've seen in a while! The bartender was a bit overwhelmed and it was extremely hot inside!  If they'd crank tnt a/c up i would've given 4 stars. But I'd definitely stop in again.So happy to be able to update my review. About six months ago I had a bad experience at Tracey's and it hurt my soul because they have always been so good. I went back with friends to see a soccer match and let me say that the last time was a fluke. We had great service and a great time. Tracey's is without a doubt the best roast beef po boy in the city, which means it's the best in the world. So glad to go back. Thanks for a great meal and a great place to watch soccer, I'm really sorry for that one bad review. If you read my last review please ignore it, everyone is entitled to an off day.I had really high hopes for this place. I've heard great things, and I really wanted to go.  I ordered the Reuben....absolutely terrible! the meat was garbage and the sandwich came out cold!
 There was 10 people in the restaurant area, and everybody is getting basic food, how does take 45 minutes for you to serve 2 sandwiches and some wings? my friend ordered a surf and turf po boy...his was cold too and not very flavorful. my sandwich came with potato salad, it could have been good if it wasn't spicy. Potato salad isn't spicy guys, no matter where you live.Came here to wait for a cab so the guy could find us.  Decided to order a drink so as to not simply be a pig about using the place as a place where a cab can pick us up.  This place is wide open and large, looks like it'd be a really super fun place to watch some football, maybe an LSU or Saints game would be an outright riot here I'll bet.  Despite the open nature of the place the A/C works really well to keep it from being all that hot and they have a bunch of fans which help circulate the air to keep you cool.
The staff isn't particularly friendly and the food didn't look all that particularly good but it's a sports bar pretty much and that's all extras to the amount of tvs, the sound system (which seemed good) and the sort of gravitas the place can bring to a sports event and this place looks to have it in spades.  I'm not sure I'd visit here just out of the blue, nothing looked particularly attractive or special to invite that, but it does seem to be pretty good for a game or some wings if you're in the area.Good food. Casual and friendly. Prices are reasonable. Order your food one place and pay and then order your drink at the next. Great neighborhood feel.I had heard good things about Tracey's, so I brought some out of town guests there the other night. The bartenders were incredibly rude to my friends, ignoring them for 15 minutes (the place was not crowded). I live in this neighborhood, wish there was a less stuck up bar than Tracey's, we'll just bring our business to parasols.This place is DISGUSTING!  We had visiting relatives--who are very familiar w NO food.  Since they were eating at nice places for dinners they asked for po-boys and beer.  We decided lower Garden District --should have at least gone around the corner to Parasols or sucked the wait at Domilise's.
Got there not crowded at all.  I wanted the Reuben on Rye.  No Rye, and what they passed off as pastrami looked liked sliced ham. It was AWFUL..  If I wanted French Bread I would have ordered an FNG poboy! When my husband tried to get me an ice tea--NO ICE TEA!!  WTF you don't have Ice tea?
After placing our order of 2 sandwiches--our relatives had already ordered--they got their sandwiches in about 15 mins.  After 30 mins still no call for ours--Husband goes to find out what's going and the response is "oh your order slipped thru the cracks".  Finally get our sandwiches and mine is almost cold consisting of mainly congealed cheese with some generic-looking ham and plain sauerkraut buried beneath the congealed mess.  I picked at it but it was so bad I left most behind.  Same with Husband's sandwich--he made the mistake of ordering corn beef. Came home SICK.   Our relatives ordered fried oysters and they only ate about 1/4 of theirs.  THIS PLACE SUCKS.Fun bar but a lot of the food is garbage. Roast beef po-boy is overrated. Fried shrimp isn't all that great either. Much better po-boys at several other places in the city.Tracey's is a special kind of place. The food is exceptional and I personally would put their Roast Beef Poboy against any other in the city!! Erica the bartender is very friendly and knows how to make a perfect cocktail or pour a Guinness just right! Check out Live Trivia on Tuesday nights at 7:30... it's a lot of fun and you can win free food and drink!I was leaning towards one star, but they were fast at the bar, which is a rare quality now. But,  ugh. The roof was leaking.. it was so hot inside. It was dirty. The fried chicken was good, if you dipped it in something. Like the chicken, the jambalaya lacked any flavor or seasonings.. maybe it washed away because of the ceiling leaking on our food. By the way, if you're calling yourself an Irish bar, why are you selling jambalaya? Stick with your theme. The drinks ? They were sooo weak. They were so skimpy on the liquor. If you order a mixed drink it will be difficult to detect the alcohol. If you get something like a shot or scotch on the rocks, it won't be filled. This was really a mess of a place. I would never go there again. I wouldn't have walked in there for that matter, except that I was meeting people there.This place was pretty close to where we stayed on Magazine St.  I had heard good things about their Po' Boys, but we actually ate Oysters here.  The Oyster man was a great salesman, and his oysters were super fresh and tasty.  Friendly bartenders and good beer on tap.  This is a casual place, and one thing that can be confusing is that there is no table service, so you have to order drinks from the bar, food from the kitchen and oysters from the oyster bar.  But once you get the hang of it, it's a comfortable place.I was only here because of my social ride group and ordered a couple of beers and to my dismay when I went to pay my tab the bartender had included drinks that I did not order and argued with me that I did. I am never ordering anything from this place again. Only going to Parasols for food and drinks from now on.Love their poboys and they have great meat pies!! Fyi this is not a sit down kind of place. You go place your order at the counter and you also have to clear your own table when you're finished. Great place for lunch!!"Tracey's" is one of our neighborhood favorites, a place we go  several times each week.
But there are problems.  Some really BIG problems.
Complaints about inattentive bartenders are well founded.  Many part-timers are also regulars, and would rather chat with their buds than do their jobs serving drinks.
The music lately has been ultra-loud hard rock.  Continuously.  This being New Orleans, we'd love to hear some Jazz, Swamp-Pop, Blues, Mardi Gras Tunes, Zydeco, Fats Domino, or C&W.  Even some Harry Connick, Jr. would be appreciated.
There is no central "tab".  One must have a bar tab, a food tab, an oyster tab, & a crawfish tab.  All at the same time, each paid at a different location.
The menu is complex, but there are excellent roast beef po-boys and catfish "bites" plates.  CB's are passable.  Hot sausage sandwiches are standard N.O.  Rubens are really good.  Shrimp platters use small but plentiful shrimp.  Ditto shrimp po-boys.  Oysters are OK.  Crawfish are too small, severely over-cooked, and too expensive.
The owner, "Jeff" Carrerra, is a really nice neighborhood small businessman.  He & his wife are popular in the 'hood.
We wouldn't quit going to Tracey's, but surely would like to see improvements, as indicated above.
RickWe stopped in for a quick bite, a couple roast beef poboys. We place the order, pay and are given one of those buzzers that let us know when the food is ready. 45 minutes later, I was thinking I should take the gadget apart to see if it had batteries. Ah, but then I see that the manager is coming our way bearing food. He walks past us and delivers food to the guys that had been behind us in line. 
Surprisingly, they had also ordered roast beef poboys!...must have been the special "early bird" roast beef poboys. A few of the NOPD's finest were having a leisurely lunch and also seemed to be getting the gold glove treatment.
Another 10 minutes comes & goes and finally the buzzer goes off. It was as if I had been woken up by my alarm clock: a jarring & unexpected interruption. The fellow at the counter asks if we had ordered what we had ordered (rather than apologizing profusely for what he had to know was an absurdly long wait). 
...I was tempted to tell him I had forgotten, since it was so long before. Frankly, I wouldn't have been surprised if they had raised prices in the interim and expected more money from us.
Turning to the food: a roast beef poboy will be messy and of course must be consumed within minutes of construction and NEVER taken to go. However, this poboy was structurally unsound, with the contents listing to one side before falling onto the plate and table. This problem was further exacerbated by the counter clerk stacking the second sandwich on top of mine, turning an already shaken construction into the realm of flat out danger. Honestly, it probably should have been condemned & demolished before the closing. 
...Ok, a poorly constructed sandwich is not devastating in and of itself. But after waiting the better part of an hour for a simple sandwich, it damned well better be the freakin' Taj Mahal of sandwiches, not some slapped together farce. For the most part I ate the roast beef off the plate/table with a fork, as an accompaniment to my (now) bread sandwich.
It tasted pretty decent. I'd give them another chance, but only if I become a cop, sleep with the owner or enter retirement. Do NOT confuse Tracey's with fast food.Stopped in here on a Saturday night with a group of friends for a couple drinks during a Magazine St bar crawl. I'd have to say this was one of the more lively and crowded (not meant in a bad way) bars out of all the ones we went to. Pool tables are pretty much the focal point of the place other than the more than sufficiently stocked bar which resides along the opposite wall. Everyone here seemed to be having a great time and it was a really fun mix of people from all over the place.Not sure of the girl's name but the bartender with the arm tattoo COMPLETELY ignored us. We weren't her friends or regulars I guess so we weren't even worth asking to leave since she obviously had a problem with us being there. I'm bummed out and sad, I'd heard this was a famous place. Guess I wasn't the kind of person they like to have. Whatever. Their Abita was half-skunked anyway.The same owners as the old Parasols.
HUGE place, delicious food and awesome atmosphere.  Great place to go see a game, because they have a huge projector screen.  I have only been twice, but both times I got a wonderful roast beef po boy.  You can even eat outside! 
One star knocked off for not taking credit cards (although, I get why they don't...one less thing to worry about.).
I will definitely be going back!One of the best places in town to watch football. What I love about this place is the variety of fans who call this place home on Saturdays and Sundays. This bar has a strong following of Saints and LSU fans but also offers fans from all over the country a place to sit and watch games. Their bartenders Shannon and Bob are two of the best in town. Their drinks are reasonably priced and the food menu can accommodate most anyone. Before moving I spent every Sunday here watching football. Jeff the owner would sometimes open the doors up early so I could get in and claim the beat seats. I love this bar and will miss is dearly.Today we waited more than an hour for our small order, which never came - they are seriously understaffed and badly organized. The whole place is shabby and very dirty, especially the ladies toilet. After being given a refund we left to eat elsewhere - very disappointing.We stopped in one afternoon after walking around the garden district with plans for a quick beer and needed up staying for hours. It was such a laid back atmosphere, no one pushed us to order, we ended up with oysters and crawfish. They were both so fresh and tasty and exceeded any expectation.Get the gravy and cheese smothered fries, roast beef poboy and just about anything on the menu, they are cash only but they do have an atm. Also love the huge serve yourself water dispenser by the door so you don't have to wait for the bartender. Lots of tvs and lots of cold beer.Don't get it. Lots of good reviews here; wasn't the place we visited. Got a table, realized we had to get our own drinks at the bar. Uh, okay. Then realized, we have to get our own food. Um... okay. Ordered the food (1 po'boy). Sat. Waited. Waited. Waited. At 50 minute mark, food was ready, which we had to pickup. Sandwich was fine, same as any po'boy in town, but seriously - nearly an hour?? Went to the restroom at one point - looked like it hadn't been cleaned since 1963. This is 2pm, mind you, not 2 am. Finish the sandwich, read a sign that says, we must bus our own tables. Great. And the garbage is overflowing. And I noticed a tip jar. Considered counting something out for myself. What a joke. In the town of 1000 bars, I'll be elsewhere, thanks. I've had better service drinking in my backyard, because sometimes the raccoons take the garbage away.Kind of fun atmosphere, but it was challenging to get a drink at the bar. However the women's bathroom was absolutely disgusting.Stopped by Tracy's at the recommendation of the owner of The Green House Inn BnB.  We asked him for a lunch recommendation for Po-boys and such.  We were not in a hurry and it turned out to be a good thing.  Tracy's has the slowest sandwich counter service I have ever encountered.  We were not in a hurry but we were hungry.  We ordered two po-boys and two sides and it took nearly an hour to get them.  We checked several times at the counter and got the usual it'll be out soon answer.  It was not just us either as it was easy to see several other guests getting agitated by the wait.  The lunch business was steady but they were not extremely crowded.  Seems their kitchen operation needs some improvements.  The Philly Steak po-boy was not great.  The flavor was average, and was drowned out by the extremely spicey pepper mixture on the po-boy.  The use of this spicey addition should be noted on the menu.  Also if you are sensitive to cigarette smoke this may not be your place.  It's large and open and the smoke from the pool table area and bar drifts.
On the brighter side, you can eat yourself in to a food coma for $15 in this place.  Two of us ordered sandwiches and sides, but we could have split a sandwich and a side.  The Catfish Po-Boy was yummy.  Fried okra was crisp, well seasoned and hot served with a side of ranch.  The cheese fries with gravy was a pleasent suprise.  The gravy is bland, but that was perfect for us - it just worked. The decor is sports bar with a New Orleans twist.  The exterior is gorgeous New Orleans architecture and the parasols on the ceiling are a nice touch.  Lots of TVs all of them showing sporting events.
Overall, if you come prepared to wait and want generous portions, this could be the place for you, but I don't think we'll be headed back.They finally accept credit cards but the original Parasols is good but not as good as it's still standing neighbors down the street. At the current Parasols the bread is bigger and toasted with garlic herb seasoning which puts it ahead of Tracey's. Tracey's was good but not as good as around the corner as far as the roast beef is concerned. If I come here again I will try one of the other sandwiches that look great. It is though a great place to hang out and watch a game so on that and decent food it get 4 stars. An update will be made at my next time passing through.The space is large and breezy and we easily snagged an outside table.  If they weren't doing construction on Magazine, I bet this would be a great spot for people-watching.  We got a shrimp po-boy, an oyster po-boy and fries with cheese and gravy.  It was perfectly edible but I probably won't be back.  The shrimp were small, the po-poys were pricier than most of my usual haunts and the gravy I think was just "meat-flavored.:  There was no actual meat or debris in it.  I agree with Lindsay, no problem throwing out my own trash but the tables were pretty nasty and sticky.once upon a time, there was an irish restaurant/bar called parasol's and it had the kick-assingest roast beef po boys on the planet.  forget "fork tender" - you only had to look at the meat sideways and it would fall apart.  it was a tiny, grungy place, filled with regulars who would rather you not be there at all, but that was part of its charm.
then, one day, a floridian bought the building that housed parasol's to please his nola-born wife, forced the folks leasing the bar/restaurant space out, and opened his own restaurant/bar, but kept the old name.  tracey's is where the refugee parasol's was displaced to.  and since i don't appreciate shell games, that's where i went, too.
i still have access to my favorite roast beef po boy, so i'm happy.  the place is bigger than parasol's, so i don't get stuck sitting in the back room on a rickety chair next to a pile of boxes, so i'm happy.  the bar is longer, so the twelve barflies that planted their elbows on the rail around noontime yesterday don't eye fuck me when i try to order a drink, so i'm happy.  there are plenty of tvs to watch the game, so i'm happy.  there's also a bunch of stupid-ass college students and cigar smokers.
can't have everything.This place isn't really me I guess.  I didn't love it.  I ordered an old fashioned and the bartender told me that they don't do much fancy stuff like that.  It's a standard, simple cocktail.  Pretty much bar 101.  Not complicated and doesn't require a shrub or something fancy.  
The doors were all open and people are smoking outside and the smoke just comes right in.  You might as well just allow smoking inside because it's really just the same to me.  I was having some dinner and didn't really appreciate it very much.
We had the seafood platter with fish, shrimp and oysters.  We scored the last order of red beans and rice too.  The fried food was good.  The catfish was nice and the oysters were a good size.  Nothing special but solid.  The salad that came with was muffuletta giardinera dressed.  Interesting.  The red beans were similarly just ok.  
It looks like a good place to watch the Saints which is why I showed up but ended up leaving before the game started to watch it at home.Found Tracey's while wandering the Garden District on foot.  It was a hot June afternoon and we were in need of refreshment.  The doors were open, oysters were being shucked, picnic tables on the sidewalk, and an Irish wake taking place inside.  
The bartenders were fantastic and kept the drinks coming in spite of the crowds.  
Food is ordered through a window at the back of the restaurant.  The menu, posted on a chalkboard next to the window, is bar food.  The meat pies were pretty good but the cheese fries with gravy were nothing to get excited about.  Frozen fries with bland but salty gravy.  
We will be back.  It is a great, casual neighborhood bar.Worst place ever. Ordered poboys, waited an hour, and they lost the order. When we went to ask about it, they couldn't find it. I told them we were unhappy about it and the cashier made 'shooing' motions with his hands as if inviting us to leave. We did and will never come back and tell others how awful they are.I came here to watch the fight with some friends because they wanted a place to watch it that had cheap drinks and some food. My friend got the fried pickles and fries, fries were good but the fried pickles were wayyyy to salty for how fried pickles should be! As for the drinks the bar tenders were nice, despite being crowded it didn't take too long for them to take my order every time I approached the bar. The drinks were $5 which wasn't too bad and fairly strong for a vodka tonic - no harm in that. 
As for the game - it was annoying that they weren't playing the sound for it for the longest while. It wasn't until that last two groups that went that they finally started playing the sound that matched what we were watching. 
All in all if you're looking for a place to get a couple of drinks to kick back and relax a bit before hitting the town for some more fun this is your place.Sorry but this place is disgusting. We ordered poboys and fries which took over an hour to get. While waiting we saw a rat crawling around. Yeah all the doors are open to the sidewalk but it's not something you really want to see before eating. The shrimp poboy had like 8 shrimp on it. I couldn't even eat the roast beef. Bartender wouldn't make a margarita for me. The bar looked fully stocked for a drink like that. Overall staff was rude and slow moving. It wasn't busy either. I will not be back.Dirty. Sticky table. Stale bread. Overpriced food for the quality. No chicken. Had to pay extra for fries. Would not recommend to my worst enemy.Tracey's served me the greatest po'boy I had in all of New Orleans. The server was very helpful, and informed my group that we were ordering far too much food as portion sizes are large and that we should reconsider... boy was he right! 
I had the fried chicken po'boy with brown gravy and sweet fries. Tracey's does it right... everyone at my table ate til they were stuffed, and everyone left very happy and very full.This place is a great space with lots of seating, many large double doors that are frequently open to the outside air, and it's in a great location.
But... The place can be really smokey, they don't have the greatest alcohol selection, and the food is a little expensive for just being "eh"... I will say that the food seems to be improving... though there is a lot of room for improvement.  
I will definitely be upgrading my rating if by law or the choice of the owner they chose to go smoke free, and if they get a little more creative in the kitchen.So thanks to a sweltering weekday that made me not want to even think about cooking and a living social coupon, dinner was provided by Tracey's the other night. I had wanted to taste the famous roast beef po'boy for myself and a coupon seemed an ideal way to experience it. We went early on a weeknight, so the place was pretty vacant with the exception of some bar flies. We ordered our food from the kitchen, there was no hassle about the coupon and I even had $4 left to spend at the bar. Hooray! I went over to the bar to order my drink, and although the bartender was not the most diligent when it came to service, everyone was friendly yet sarcastic which was a bonus for me. We waited at a booth for our food to arrive and it showed up not long after taking our seats. My roast beef po'boy was pretty yum, although I still like the horseradish mayo one I get from the Grocery better. The bread was excellent though as it stood up to the challenge of the roast beef and refused to fall apart. My friend had a shrimp po'boy and we had some cheese fries with gravy on the side. The golden brown shrimp hot out of the fryer taunted me. The gravy was pretty good, and I think that if I had the roast beef and gravy with cheese on the fries that would make a heck of a meal (and perhaps heart attack). 
Overall it was a good meal, especially since I had a coupon. I wouldn't make Tracey's a habit, but I can see stopping in to watch a game and grab a po'boy. I know that it gets crowded on the weekends, so to experience the food I would suggest a weeknight. The po'boys are a little pricey, but the sandwich was a good size. My biggest bump to Tracey's would be the "bus your own table" situation. I have no problem with cleaning up after myself, but maybe someone could just wipe down the tables every few hours? That might limit the amount of gravy that ends up on my shirt. Oh sorry, that was from me.I'll admit its been a few years since I have visited, but I give this place one star for food. The ambience and amount of tvs is great for game watching, so 4-5 stars for that. I've eaten here twice and I just don't understand how this place makes top poboy lists. I had the boudin balls here and I wanted to gag they were so horrible. Did they even use the basic ingredients which is pork and rice?? It tasted nothing like boudin, the chefs should take a road trip to cajun country to learn whats in boudin or just take it off the menu. The shrimp tasted like frozen shrimp not fresh. I think this place should stick to basic things like fries, cheese sticks or just cut out the kitchen and make that a party room with more tvs catered by a place that can cook.Catfish Poboy good. Shrimp Poboy really fishy. not good. Just Hope it was a bad batch.  Be prepared to wait. 45 min wait after food ordered. Bar great though.  good place to watch sports.Caught in a NOLA deluge walking down Magazine on a Thursday afternoon we took refuge in Tracey's.  I was greeted at the door with a dry t shirt.  How sweet is that?  We decided to make the best of our situation and ordered lunch.  What a stroke of luck---we had a soft shell crab po-boy that was as thick as a chicken breast---it was excellent!  Also thought we'd nosh on a side of Boudin balls (fritters of rice and boudin).  The fritters were huge and a generous 4 to an order---enough for a full meal. Pub grub extraordinaire.   The beer selection was good and the crowd was warm and friendly.  The music was good and there are televisions everywhere!
(My rating is for a bar that serves food not as a primary restaurant)Very disappointed with this experience. Ordered a salad and a crawfish sausage sandwich. It took over an hour to get , with two reminders. Could have understood if it was busy but we were one of four tables of people there to eat. Even when we got them, both orders had something wrong with them. No apologies were offered or to discount our meal.Bathrooms very disgusting. Never plan to go back again. NOLA has so many nice places to eat.I might have caught them on a bad night. Ok, since it was pouring outside and their TVs went out twice during the Saints game during Monday Night Football, I wasn't the only one that eventually left due to this (we missed a touchdown, pretty much end of the world type stuff). The staff used the remote to try to get the TVs working again, but when it has to do with the weather and satellites that's about as effective as pressing the elevator button multiple times.
FOOD/DRINKS: it's all about the Po' Boys really.  I was tempted to try a shrimp one but went w/ a BBQ beef one and am glad I did - took me a long time just to eat half of it!  Beer selection is largely the major domestics.
SERVICE: you order at the food counter and drinks at the bar, then pick up your food when your pager goes off.  This was operated well when it came to the food. They could probably make more money if they went to tables to take additional drink orders. The bartender forgot which beers we ordered 10 seconds after ordering them, then after getting them also mixed up who she gave them to.
LAYOUT: generally it creates a nice group atmosphere to watch games, as TVs are in all directions. If someone is playing pool though it can be sort of difficult to get by and use the restroom.
So, this was my "Who Dat Nation" experience and several people there were even cheering for the visiting team. I would've stayed longer and enjoyed it much more if the game didn't keep going out on the TV!Really good food at affordable prices, but on 4 different occassions I've tried to order something and they didn't have it. It also takes pretty long for the food to come out, and there is not a large variety to choose from in the first place. Very affordable, laid back, good for larger groups.Best PoBoys in the city!!!! Don't follow the tourist herd and go to Mothers for the signature PoBoy sandwich.  Go where the locals go to get their NOLA PoBoy addiction satisfied.  One taste of the catfish PoBoy and you'll be hooked like the fish on your plate!!! 
They only take cash, but they have two ATM's in the place.Good, fast food at a great price. We stopped for a snack and ended up with more than we could handle for under $10. The vibe is laid back and the Barq's is ice cold.For reasons that will remain known only to my father, he insists on calling it Theresa's. He looks forward to hanging out here as much as he does visiting me, I'm certain of it. He places the Bloody Mary as the best he has ever had. It's definitely a place that would appeal to a sports fan, that much is true. The attention and reception from the bartenders is inconsistent and is probably why I don't go there more often personally. I find them friendly enough to go back but not so welcoming as I need to make a point of seeing them. I've enjoyed oysters, cheese fries and the occasional po-boy and would give them a decent rating.Tracey's remains the absolute go-to for amazing kickass New Orleans food, all-things-sports, and the real-deal laid-back New Orleans experience. 
In a town where great food and good times are legend this place reigns King.One of our very friendly Uber drivers recommended Tracy's to us.  We were a little disappointed because they didn't have any crawfish that night, so I ended up getting fried oysters and an Irish Sundae.  I love trying regional specialties when I travel so I enjoyed the potato salad smothered with roast beef drippings and gravy they call "debris" in Nawlins. It was pretty good, but I prefer pulled Roast Beef rather than sliced. Gravy was also a little salty.  The fried oysters were a tad bit salty too.Tracey's is a great dive/sports bar on Magazine St. I come here every Saturday when Nebraska is playing as it's the official watchsite for the Huskers here in Nola. The draft beer is a bit pricy so I keep it cheap 'n classy ($3) with PBR and High Life bottles.  They have an excellent and extensive menu that exceeds typical bar fare and the bartenders have all been pleasant and accommodating.BEWARE... The blonde bartender with all the tattoos is a thief..   This thief changed my total and gave herself an extra tip.... Horrid service because she practically ignored us and couldn't even pull a pint.  Just because we're not regulars doesn't mean we should be ignored.  Anyone who changes your CC total is a thief.  I'll inform my credit card company.  If you waste your time going to Tracey's pay with cash....  THIEFA local told us of this place so we had to try it. Got the roast beef Po boy and it was great. Very tasty and large portion. Meat was tender and juicy. Definitely need to try.Food is average, bar is above average, crowd can get annoying. With that said, if you are a fan of the B1G, this is the place for you on fall Saturdays.Full disclosure, my best friend and his girlfriend work here. That said, I would hang here in a heartbeat. Good strong drinks, funny crowd, and lots of "atmosphere". I really wanted to try the po-boys, but never got a chance. The Boudin balls, on the other hand, were TASTY. Yummy fried balls of dirty rice, pork, and chicken bits. 
Looking forward to my next visit.The best place, hands down, to spend your weekends during college football season. You gotta love SEC though (who doesn't???), because the fans are loud, proud, and rolling DEEP up in here on Saturdays. Arrive early on Saturdays in autumn to make sure you get a seat, because it will get packed AF. Fried okra is a MUST (and big enough to share among 3 people). Love the seafood poboys; soft shell crab is a favorite (when in season) as is the oyster poboy. Wash it down with an ice cold Abita Amber, and you've got yourself a true New Orleans experience. 
On Saint Patrick's Day, this is THE spot to post up during and after the big parade, as it's in the heart of the Irish Channel district, is on the parade route, and is the most Irish of Irish establishments in the area (without being cheesy about it). 
Sometimes it's a bit of an ordeal to get a drink when they are super busy, but just be patient and remain visible. 
Side note: the owners of Tracey's used to be the proprietors at the old Parasol's down the block before that place got bought out by some Floridians. Keep it real and go to Tracey's to keep the old Parasol's vibe alive (they even took some of the old parasols with them from the old bar and have hung them on the ceiling at Tracey's, for history's/consistency's sake).The best poboy restaurant I've been to in new Orleans. The shrimp were huge and the roast beef gravy wasn't salty or gelatinous. The portions were huge and the drinks were big and inexpensive. Service was also great, the owner even greeted us at our tableBest damn po boy in NOLA!! Fresh oysters for an appetizer and cold beer . Friendly staff and all the games on TV. I'm gonna make sure I visit whenever I'm in town.We went for dinner after a saints game, and even though it was pretty crowded with people watching the later games to service was quick. The ruben that I got was really good, it could've used more kraut. The potato salad was THE beat I've every had. The meatball sub was ok, but the meat pie was great too. The beer was cold, and there is plenty of seating!Yes, it's a dive. But it's a friendly dive. We stopped in because our friends wanted some crawfish and they were boiling them right outside this place. I don't do crawfish, so I ordered from their menu.
The food is good and the drinks are better. The place is loud and you sit at communal tables. If you're lucky, you get friendly folks sitting next to you and you can chit chat.  Our neighbors couldn't finish their giant boudin balls, so they gave us their extras. If you're reading this, Thanks again! The prices are great for both food and drinks.
Don't go in expecting the Ritz and white table cloths and you'll be ok.Went here for lunch last Sunday and ordered the shrimp and roast beef po boys and both surprisingly were not very good, in contrast to all the positive reviews from yelp that lead us  to Tracey's.  I wanted to order the oyster po-boy but when they told me it was $20 bucks my knee jerk reaction order the shrimp. The shrimp tasted odd like it had freezer burn, the top of the roll was stale, cut roof of my mouth and disintegrated after two bites into a pool of saw dust crumbs.  The roast beef tasted like it was made with liptons onion soup mix, and who's major flavor was salt.  The pickle chips were the only stand out and were good and u got a lot of em.   I will say this, they had a good raw oyster special going at $1.25 an oyster and I missed seeing the soft-shell crab po-boy special which I def would of ordered had I not been thrown by the $20 bucks for the oyster po-boy.  
Took a good amount of time to get food but hey its NOLA so came to expect that. All and all I'm guessing there are some good items on the menu but what we got certainly wasn't anyting but mediocre at best.Tired of the hustle and bustle in the French Quarter? Take a stroll down Magazine Street and pop into Tracey's for a crawfish or alligator sausage po boy and a pint. I really liked the casual nature of this place midday as all other restaurants were fancier or REALLY crowded and small. We were able to spread out, watch a bit of the game (it IS a sports bar) have a nom and a beer and all was right in the world.This place is just great! The staff is friendly and fun. The food is amazing (try the boudin balls, shrimp po boy, roast beef, Reuben....yummm too many to suggest) great place to watch any games!! Plus this place is one of only places in town that has an Ole Smoky shot machine. Yumm.New Orleans' most delicious, mouth-watering and quite juicy soft shell crab po-boy.  Next time, I must try the plump, crisp oyster version!This five stars is for the roast beef sandwich, which came from Parasol's and is, I've been told by people who've been here longer, just as good as it once was. What I know is I love it. Everything else about this place varies from good (the many televisions and the decent beer selection) to bad (the WAY-oversalted side dishes), but the real reason I may ever go back to this place again is the roast beef po' boy, the best I've had yet in the city.
It's everything a roast beef should be. All debris, all sloppy, all leidenheimers, and dressed... yes yes.Had to meet a friend in the garden district and stopped in here. Great poboys for a bar. Had a great local bar feel.Been here several times, but I'll stick to this most recent trip. 
Passed by for a couple beers after work with a coworker, since she just moved walking distance from Tracey's and had never been. 
The high life's were nice and cold, and the roast beef she ordered was nicely done, as always. I still think Tracey's has the best roast beef out of any uptown/irish channel establishment. 
One downside (and my rationale for 3 stars instead of 4): Nobody should charge more than $2 for miller high life. Ever. It retails for $6/6-pack. Usually less. I know rent on Magazine is probably expensive, but still.I had the most amazing roast beef po boy here. Literally almost teared up because of the deliciousness.Great, low-key place for a lunch and drink while walking in the Garden District. Food isn't fancy, but it is good and the prices cannot be beat. Simple and cheap can be a great treat!Stopped in here in the midst of shopping on Magazine because I was losing my buzz and I was hungry. Didn't find the joint to be too Irish - the food they served seemed to be standard NOLA casual resto fare - poboys, boudin, etc. I had a roast beef po-boy which was good but not outstanding. They were out of a few things or I would have ordered more items to try. Beer and drinks were good. Friendly bartenders, stiff pours, go cups.
Would definitely stop in again if I needed something quick to eat/drink while in the area.Just got one drink here. Drinks are way overpriced at around $ 6 for a small glass. Heard it can have a crowd but it was a bit empty the night we visited. We sat at the bar, the female bartender told us to wait but cashed out her drawer vs helping us. The male bartender was rude, talking to locals over our shoulders vs interacting w us. He walked off after serving us. Smelled as if he had a few already himself.  He didn't come back til we called him to cash out. We sat a few w empty drinks. The atmosphere is quaint so I give it a fair rating. There is a pool table there too.Would give a zero if possible.  90 mins was no food.  Then kitchen staff said we were wrong - and with an attitude.  Don't give folks low ratings (see my history) but this place is a joke - WITH attitude.My friend and I went to Tracey's last night to watch the game and have a few beers. I have never had a problem with the bartenders but last night was different. My friend wanted a particular beer that they did not have. The bartender (bigger guy in a black t-shirt with a beard and tattoos) told her that they did not have that on tap. She couldn't understand him so she asked again. He then proceeded to shout his statement once more and hit his head as if my friend was stupid. We were just two girls trying to order a beer, not a blueberry mojito. I happen to know that bars that have a higher female to male ratio are more successful. You just lost two females.This place is my FAVORITE hangout in NOLA. More locals. Less tourist. Not that tourist are bad- just everyone knows you kinda place. The serve food as well you must try the muffelatta. 
There is also seating out side for smokers like myself and tables to eat at as well. I would highly recommend this place to anyone. Local or touristRoastbeef po'boy and ice cold Abita amber. I am so happy I learned that my beloved Parasols was an imitation of the REAL Parasols which is now Tracey's. (and yes, I know they are not the ORIGINAL owners but  +\-12 years means something) 
IMHO, still the best damn roast beef po'boys around. Tried a shrimp po boy for the first time and thought the shrimp themselves were very good but as a po'boy not my fave. 
Really loved the divy atmosphere of old Parasols but glad that the roast beef po boy did not suffer in the moveStopped by on our way out of town  awesome local place.  Try the roast beef  and the Irish sundae.So... My Best Friend is a Bar:
Reason:  College Football Saturdays, Tuesday Night Trivia Night, Any Sporting Event Imaginable
Drink:  Michelob Ultra (to offset the gravy cheese fries) 
Drank: Bloody Mary - "make it how you like it" station, available on Sundays
Drunk: Breakfast Shots (make it your last drink of the night and wake up with the taste of a savory McGriddle your mouth.)
mindless musings:
Tracey's is my best friend in bar form (BFBF).
Why? Let's look at the facts: 
- Tracey's is where I achieved a personal best record of being a patron 6 times in 9 days.
- Tracey's marks the first time a bartender has introduced herself to me because she felt bad that she knew what I drank yet didn't know my name. 
- Tracey's owner, Jeff, feels comfortable yelling trivialities at my friends before he even gets the chance to meet them. (Theresa can only have one of his New Castles per day. Got it.)
- Tracey's serves my favorite food, potatoes, in the form of French fries, covered in cheese and gravy. (Sometimes they even serve it to me with a side of a roast beef Po-Boy.)  
- Tracey's is actually considering letting me keep a month long bar tab open (as I rarely remember to sign for my tab as I'm leaving the bar in a fury of sports-induced jubilation or infuriation.)
- And most importantly, Tracey's sports a beautiful Nebraska Blackshirts flag in its front window.
As you can see, Tracey's just gets me.
Tracey's is your ultimate sports bar which is guaranteed to be playing whatever sporting event your little heart desires. Fans from the age of 8 to 80 with Alma Maters from Washington to Miami gather to watch sporting events here. I'm pretty sure they would even put on an Iowa vs. Iowa State game if you asked nice enough. (Ha. I'm kidding. They are trying to run a business here). 
Thankfully, I can always count on Tracey's to provide me with (1) herds of rivaled fans (2) impeccable bartenders who somehow find joy in serving the aforementioned fans (3) incredible bar food that makes dieting worth it all week long and (4) enough flat screen TVs to ensure that I not missing LSU's ferocious Honey Badger recover a fumble for a touchdown while the Cornhuskers are giving me a heart attack as I'm keeping my eye on the cute, smart and soon to be wealthy Stanford quarterback and failing to understand why Alabama recruited such a pitiful kicker at the same time as I'm hearing news of a new Big 8 conference composed of 19 teams in addition to wondering who's a legend and who's leader and.... 
WAIT, did I just see a new commercial starring Tim Tebow?!????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tracey's flat screen lined-walls don't allow me to miss a beat! But honestly Tracey's, if you're going to boast that you have 20 flat screen TVs it's unfair of you to not boast that some of them are considerably smaller than others. Literally, the small TV hidden in the upper left hand corner of the bar made it really hard for me to tell if Tim Tebow has a new commercial out. I guess I'll just have to get down on one knee and pray that he does. 
Insider Tips on Seating:
As is the norm at all great sports bars - there is rarely ample seating available at Tracey's on game days. However, arranging sitting partners, using the two pegs connected to your pelvis to stand, and realizing that it's unnecessary for all 20 of your team's fans to sit at the same table are each available alternatives. (Don't worry, your fellow fans will still be able to hear you belt out your alma mater's fight song or attempt Drew Brees' 1-10 chant (hardest thing ever) from across the bar). 
Yet, if you're an average American, like me, requiring a high degree of laziness while watching other people exercise and you absolutely need to remain seated, be sure to follow these foolproof arrival times:
11:00am kick off   arrive at 10:45am (cue the Bloody Marys and Mimosas)
2:30pm kick off   arrive at 12:30pm
6:00pm & 7:00pm kickoff   arrive at 4pm
However, unless you're there for the 11am game or it's a relatively lame day of sports, arriving at the suggested times will still not guarantee there will be an open table reserved for you with personalized placemats and name cards. Therefore if find yourself without a cush for your tush and you're experiencing an uncomfortable amount of lightheadedness due to over ten minutes of standing: be sure to scope out a table whose (a) team is blowing a team out, (b) team is being blown out, or (c) fans are too drunk to know what the score is. Then nicely approach that table to request their seats upon completion of their game. Also, be sure to ask loud enough that the whole table is aware of the agreement (it is likely that some other lurking fan is making a similar contract five seats down.)
Good Luck and Happy Butts!
 "Laissez les bon temps rouler"
          - IDK, Tracey's BFF, Jill
           (a proud LoveOurCityNOLA team member)Stopped here kinda on accident killing time and glad we did. Six of us sat on the picnic table outside. Oysters brought in fresh from bay 3.......local.  The oyster dude gave us two extra cause he felt like it. Sauce was tangy and salty...cocktail sauce based. We had the homemade red beans and rice and yummy!!! Little sausage in there....not real spicy but very flavorful. Freshly caught and shucked 1 Dozen oysters were large and on the sweeter side. The crawfish and green onion sausage Po-boy was Delish with pickles, mayo and lettuce on nice fluffy and crispy bread. Bartender Stephanie was nice to us and said " we were the coolest customers she's had in 6 months". :) mufalatta was tasty but the sausage was the winner.  Stop in.  We liked it ....alot.They were very accommodating and really welcomed a large group from out of town. There were arrangements made in advance but the group arrived later than planned and were still treated very well. Great neighborhood spot I'm glad to recommend. Excellent sweet potato fries!Place to have a good time  tell Sylvia g to give a good review once in a while. I'm Irish and I don't question what makes a bar Irish. It has booze. Good enough. I'm a New Yorker and had a good time here. Cheers!Good food, mediocre bar. Beer was warm :/ frozen Irish coffee was good. The AC dripped on us too. Interesting vibe, just not for me particularly.Tracy's is a fun place to catch a game, they have plenty of TVs. They have good food, although a small menu. I had a good time with friends, I will return.Good place to watch a game.  Lots of seating and TV's.  Save for one or two bartenders, the service at the bar is bad.  Not friendly and it looks like you're ruining their time when you want to order a beer.  The food is good though.I really wanted a muffuletta but they were out. They should just erase that line (menu is a chalkboard) when they are out so someone doesn't stand in line for 10 minutes only to be disappointed.
Boudin balls were good but INCREDIBLY salty! The fried okra was the best I have ever had. It must've been picked 5 minutes before it was battered and fried. 
Restaurant was very dirty. My husband said the guy taking the orders "had the personality of a shit sandwich". With all the fabulous places to eat in New Orleans these guys need to step up their game!This is exactly the kind of bar you want to come to and watch a game with your friends. Their beer selection is adequate, and the menu is more than just your typical burger and fries. The boudin balls are great, like a cajun croquette. The wings are good, and you can get 16 for $8. If you want to watch the game, get here early!
Fair warning, this place keeps their doors open, and it can get really hot inside. It can also get pretty loud. But, the atmosphere is great, and they have a decent selection of beers on tap. Have you noticed the Parasols on the ceiling? That's because the owners used to own Parasols, right down the street.The gravy on the roast beef po-boy was good, but the bigger pieces of meat can't match the tenderness of other spots. The staff seems harshly indifferent, and the place could really shine if it looked cared for. Not a go-to spot for me.Tracey's is the epitome of a New Orleans neighborhood bar.  The owners and staff welcome everyone as family.  It is no wonder why Tracey's has a loyal following of neighborhood regulars as well as out of town regulars. If you don't get it, you don't get New Orleans.The bar is 4 stars for a dive bar. Bathrooms are gross, but otherwise a great place to grab affordable drinks with friends and watch a Saints game. The service is mediocre, but it is always crowded.
The snacks get 2 stars (keeping in mind that I'm judging this based on other bars' restaurants). The food is suchhhhh a letdown. My friend had the wings which were super soggy. I had the grilled shrimp which had the veins still and they were SO SMALL. The shrimp were super malodorous, too. Just inedible. The rest of the salad was just fine: nothing great, but alright.was tired from walking magazine street with a baby
some people sitting outside said the good was good.  after we got there the place filled up which is a good sign
food was decent.  I had way too much bread for a meatball sub so I didn't eat the top but my wife liked her tuna salad sandwich.
their fries orders are for 2-3.  didn't expect this at all.
I was expecting something other than canned drinks.
overall it was good.Really?  Three stars?  Get over yourselves!  Took that jump on jump off bus and saw this place so we tried it.  OMFG!  The gravy fries are insane!  And the blue crab PO boy is delicious.  Maybe the service is a little shaky but who cares when the food is good?  We had no problem here.Really .. Really .. as good as it gets! 
I'm not a fan of poboys, but if I'm going to eat a poboy, it had to be from Parasol's (Now Tracey's). My coworkers and I ordered from Tracey's yesterday. I was pretty upset that I couldn't find a menu online AND they're out of oysters!! But I still love this place and the roast beef is where it's at anyway. 
I had a roast beef poboy and we all shared the boudin balls and the gravy and cheese fries. Who thought to put gravy on cheese fries? They did! And it'll probably be the best comfort food that you would've put in your mouth! We tore it up! Literally, there was nothing left! It was THAT good!!I give Tracey's a 3 star because the bar and atmosphere rate a 5 stars in my opinion! However, the food was not on par with the rest of the place. Let me say that my favorite burger place back home is a dive bar with questionable cleanliness on a good day. I am not afraid to eat from a street vendor! However, the roast beef po' boy here was below average and just generally "meh". Like cafeteria food. They were out of nearly everything from boudin balls to Italian sausage to fried pickles. Ordering was a chore, even though the counter employee was super nice. Bottom line: come here and get drunk, don't waste your money on blah food.Great place to watch football!!!  They had every game on not just the saints. The drinks were cheap but not watered down. The fried pickles were amazing, I would skip the cheese fries though next time, they also had fresh oysters 12 for $15.  Overall it was a very relaxed place to go  and enjoy some good food and still have conversations with your friends.The food is good, but this is basically a smoky bar. Even if you get it to go, you will come out smelling like an ashtray. They also have the dirtiest bathroom that I have seen in a very long time. It looked and smelled as if it had not been cleaned in months. There are many better places to eat, but if you enjoy a smoky bar then this might work for you.Had a hour plus wait for our food order and when it finally came out of the kitchen it was cold and unappetising,so asked for our money back which I never did before .The bartender was so uninterested in the customers,and the kitchen staff was so  clueless and disorganized to call it a total disaster give a disaster a bad name.I give this place one star ,one thumb down,and two middle fingers .Please don't waste your time ,oh and lastly the bathroom look like a tornado of filth hit it .The sign say this restaurant been opened since  1943 ,I think that the last time anyone cleaned the john's stay away far away.Tracey's is the new location for the entire staff and menu of Parasol's.  It looks like they've brought everything with them: lively patrons, a fully-stocked jukebox and the legendary roast beef po-boy.
The only thing that's changed is the location (three blocks down) and the bigger space.  You can play pool in the back, catch a game at the bar, or grab one a booth or table to hang with your crowd.  Despite the size, the place was buzzing with people and strangers were friendly.
Look up at the ceiling to check out the parasols from the Second Line... great touch.Not sure where the Irish is. It looks like an actual restaurant but it's a concession stand window that frys food. It does have a nice big bar. 
The kitchen & the whole place needs a good scrubbing. If you want fried food that actually tastes good under these conditions & don't mind the manager (?) throwing around the F word than go to Tracey's. You can get your soda in a can. 
I think this place has great potential to be way more than it is. It needs a really good cleaning from a professional crew & could really use a smiling face to greet you.Does not honor coupons to there own establishment. Pretty terrible service, I would recommend something else .Called in for service and got the bar then was directed to another number. Then got hung up on and cursed out . Back to parasol I goTracey's had the best yourself po' boy in the world! Literally! I suggest getting it with mayo and swiss only... for optimum dining enjoyment.  I have not tried any thing else, except for the gravey fries.  Gravy is amazing, fries need improvement, but the two together  are reminiscent of mashed potatos and gravey.  If you are in new orleans, this is a must try!1. Roastbeef poboy ok but the CANNED GRAVY IS YUK
2. French fries flat and boring  DON'T BOTHER
3. Foodwaitstaff   A+
4. Barstaff...slow
5. Oyster poboy very good but  $$$$As others have said, this is the staff and food from Parasols.  As such it's an authentic NO institution. Great food, ambiance and drinks. 
Roast Beef poor boys are outta this world, and so were the fried pickles. Very smoky even in a Sat afternoon.Hummm this is a bit of a challenge to rank as I've been going for such a long time and the Tracy's folks used to be the Parasol's folks so it gets a little confusing.  The new location seems to be doing well and that is saying something as NOTHING has survived here in a long time and many places have failed here over the last several years.  The main time to be here is for the St. Patrick's Day block party and the Tracy's location is a far more spacious and enjoyable place to be than when everything was centered just on Parasol's and you can actually find a bathroom with the new set up.  
They have decent prices on beer and often have a decent crowd.  I think the Roast Beef po boy is pretty good here but not the all time best (it tastes exactly the same here as it did at Parasol's to me).  The size of the po boy for the price doesn't make it a very good value as it would take two of them to fill me up and that would make it an expensive Roast Beef po boy!!!  The food is comforting and familiar to me but the prices have jumped to a bit of sticker shock over the years (still much cheaper than Mahony's).  They also stop serving at 10pm so no late night food here. 
I don't go here daily, just weekly, as the draft beer often has a bit of a funny taste and they sometimes run out of bottles for the beer I'm drinking so that is a bit of a hassle.  Usually decent service but if it gets crowded it can be slower.   The bartenders often have some wild stories they will tell you or the entire bar so you might be entertained or disgusted depending on your outlook on life.  The bathroom has seemed less than clean and smelly the last few times I've been (but the same can be said of lots of bathrooms in NOLA).  
Generally an OK place to stop for a few beers and get a po boy snack with some inconsistencies at times.  The best times to be here are during the Irish Channel St. Patrick's Parade (Saturday before St. Pat's), the St. Patrick's Day Block Party, Saints games, and during Mardi Gras after parades.  It is also nice in the cooler Fall & Winter days when they open up all the doors and it is like a patio (but with a roof which comes in handy with our frequent monsoon rains).Came here in the middle of the day after a long bike ride tour of the city. Great
Place your order a the counter, wait for delivery where they'd bring the food to your table after they call your name. Great Po-Boy Barbeque beef sandwich, probably the best that I've had throughout my entire stay in New Orleans. Also the available special of the day, squash chile soup was delicious with just the right amount of spicy kick. 
Prices very reasonable, quality is high. Very laid back atmosphere. Full bar available.Local  scene with down home food, po boys and friendly bartenders. Order at the counter and pick up when your buzzer goes off. Big space with booths or tables. Tons of big screens for your sport fix too. Thumbs up.Sticky, dirty, below par food. Some of it totally inedible. 
This place came recommend...I guess if I was drunk it might be good.Good roast beef but this wait is killer. Haven't ever waited this long before. Maybe kitchen was down?? I didn't dare ask the girl taking our orders. She's got just about the worst attitude I've seen.  It was strange to look around a restaurant and see roughly 30 people waiting for food; not a soul in the place had any food in front of them.  The kicker in all of this: they ran out of shrimp.  So strange.  Won't be going back.Best Roast Beef Po-Boy in town in my opinion.  Chicken Parmesan is also very good and the fried pickles are always a favorite of mine.  This is also a fun bar to hang out at or watch football games.  And of course one of the best places to spend St. Patrick's Day!Yes, it's Mardi Gras. 
Yes it's busy.  I understand, I really do and am willing to concede certain expectations from restaurants around this time of the year.  But we waited over an hour for extremely mediocre food.   
The trouble apparently stemmed from the person at the window taking orders not keying in any of notification medallions they hand you to let you know when your food is ready.  (This was told to us by the guy that replaced the original order taker). 
So, one out of 2 of the sandwiches (yes, it was an extremely large and difficult order as you can see.  sarcasm/) was given away to another table and the other sandwich was delivered cold after sitting in the back, undeliverable.  
We weren't the only table to experience this. The people next to us asked for a refund as they waited over an hour for 3 roast beef poboys only to be handed their sandwiches at that point. 
For all of our trouble, when the disappointment of eating there was  brought to the attention of the guy that took our orders (who I believe is either the owner or manager of Tracey's) we got a, "Well, it's Mardi Gras! This is crazy!"  
Uh huh.  Sell it to the non-locals, which I'm sure they do on a regular basis.  Just another New Orleans establishment feeding tourists that are willing to (over)spend on mediocre food while eating in some really disgusting surroundings, all to experience a little bit of 'culcha'.Don't be fooled by the 'Irish' in the name.  This isn't your typical 'Irish pub'. This is a restaurant/bar which happens to be in the Irish channel.
Jeff, the owner used to operate Parasol's which is less than a block away.  Although there are parts of me which miss the dirt and grime and the divey ambiance of the old parasol's building, I am lucky that I don't have to miss the food.
Let me be clear: the roast beef po-boy dressed with extra gravy is the best you'll find in the city, hands down.  I usually don't order any sides to go along with my sandwich because a whole po-boy is enough to keep me full all day, but I have had their fried pickles.  They're super salty, but delish.
As several reviewers have said, it's a good place to watch the Saints play, if you can find a spot.  I've been to Tracey's on many game days, and it can get pretty crowded.
It can be smokey which I don't like, but it is a bar, so I won't complain.  They have several picnic tables on the sidewalk which are wonderful when the weather is good.  We especially like to sit outside when we have the kids with us.
PS: I've eaten at parasols post-Jeff, and it isn't nearly as good as Tracey's.So i walked in to a bar, asked bartender politely, "do you have a beer list?". She says, " Nah" and walks away. So we left :) I'm not sure why asking for a list of beers in a bar is absurd, but apparently it was to this service industry pro. Southern hospitality? Nah.The po boys are still good. Service a bit surly. They were busy, but since they moved into the bigger space, it's something they should have been prepared for. It's still a great roast beef po boy, however.I really tried to give Tracey's a chance. I live so close by, they have a trivia night, and they serve food. But, I generally leave feeling disappointed. If you are just stopping in to grab a beer on your way down Magazine, its a perfectly fine place to stop. But if you are looking for a solid neighborhood bar, I would go to one of the many other options that have better service, cleaner beer lines, and actually bother to stock tonic.Pretty chill place to watch the game. We went to catch the Jets play and they loss but that's besides the point. Loved that fans of a bunch of other teams where there cheering their team on. It was a fun atmosphere on a Sunday afternoon.Great atmosphere. Roast beef sandwich was just ok. Not flavorful. Fried pickles good but very salty. Beer was great and the chairs for the high top tables near the windows are very comfy. Seems like this place would be great as a bar at night. Just hanging out with friends. I may just want to eat somewhere else if I find myself there again."Y'all are the first people all day that weren't surprised when I asked them for their ID."
Y'all was first probably used around 1903, it was the first OED appearance of the word.
Mint Juleps have been around since about 1803.
She got the y'all right but there was too much sugar in my mint julep for myself.
But the large amount of mint (first appeared around FOREVER AGO) made up for it as the rain turned into humidity as the sun let up.
And we took the remainder of the drink to go as the people around us were studying psychology and history text books.
And we were studying sunday morning coming down. (first appearance 1969)Food was good and priced decent, ate here one night with my local friend T, the po boys are great, I didn't give it 5 stars because they allow smoking and I don't like eating in smoke not alittle smoke we are talking fog,  other than that everything was really good I'd eat here again, outside maybe or to go next time :) Seemed to be a hot spot with local college crowdOutdoor seating on Magazine allows you to smoke. It is a nice neighborhood bar with friendly people and a great hamburgerThis is just a review for the food. Best roast beef po-boy in the city. Bar and whatnot is pretty typical if a bit pricey for a local joint. Good location for watching games and the like.This place is terrible, go next door! The only thing good about this place is it's location and Number of TV's! We've tried to go back numerous times but it's worse every time we give it another shot! The kitchen staff is the worst in the city and the guy who takes the orders at the window acts like a female during "that time of the month" . All of our friends feel the same way, we used to take people there when they were in town visiting but now they have heard or remember how horrible this place is! Its a great place to go if you want to throw you're money away and leave pissed off! Seriously! I highly recommend going across the street to Parasols it's a great atmosphere with a really cool bar and friendly service!Waiting and waiting....better not be a diabetic or be in a hurry because you will be a goner.Pretty large bar. (Our concierge mentioned this is same owner as old Parasol). They have great Po-Boys. They are cash-only place.Roast beef po-boy is awesome. Super fresh soft bread! All the games on the televisions.I believe the owners of this location formally owned parasol's so the roast beef poboy is solid. It's also a really nice space on Magazine Street with excellent televisions to watch sports etc. It's located in the heart of the Irish channel and shines on St Patty's day as well. I think most of the poboy sandwiches are good and I like most of the fried seafood as well. The location, space and good crowd elevates it to a 4 start. It's not the best poboy in town but the food is nifty.One of the  last  twenty places  in New Orleans I thought I would ever visit, but lo and  behold, I was there!.  I liked it too!  Big, open and airy, I hardly noticed the smoking, which I absolutely abhor!
I had a decent cocktail and noticed a grille in the back (didn't eat) and many  tee vees, (didn't really watch).  For a 30 minute visit, it wasn't bad at all.  Better than I thought it would be, and yes, I will be back.  
I like when I am pleasantly surprised by a bar, and I haven't been pleased by too many lately, but Tracey's offered me a refreshing change of pace...One of my favorite places to go in New Orleans. Great vibe. Good food.  Crawfish boils are amazing there. Been going for 8 years now. Love this placeGreat Po Boys and cool dive-bar environment.Best Roast Beef Poboy ever in God's creation divined by the Pope himself, as touted by the proprietors? Nope. Best Roast Beef Poboy between The Pontchartain Expressway and the Universities? Yeah. Sure. Especially with a Bottle of Barq's
I must say the new digs are a much better atmosphere than Parasols. I don't feel dirty from merely walking into the place. I'll even eat my food here (whereas when it was Parasols takeout was a given).Just awful po boys. We had 4 different kinds and they ALL sucked. Bad bread. Old oysters. A travesty in NOLA.  Worst meal in 4 days here.  AWFUL!!!!!!While the food seems like the array of food offered at a fast food place it certainly isn't fast, to be fair there is a sign to that affect at the little window where you order.  All the food is cooked to order so don't come here hoping for a quick bite.  
The portions are generous and their menu makes you want to come back again and again.  I had a really good burger and cheese fries while my husband opted for the Surf and Turf Po'boy, shrimp and roast beef on a Po'boy roll.  He thoroughly enjoyed it.  He also ordered the fried pickles and Irish Sundae.  The Irish Sundae is potato salad with gravy and roast beef pieces on top.  In the end we ordered too much but enjoyed every bite.  Seems like a good mix of locals and tourists as well.Overpriced poboys given the portion size, and not a big fan of the quality of food they're putting out. Several places across the Nola metro area do a better roast beef poboy.
Good spot for watching multiple sporting events given the size and the amount of televisions. Beer selection is decent, not great. Usually a mixed crowd there of regulars, locals and out-of-towners. Ultimately, I think Tracey's is lacking an identity.Came here for Quizzo. I had the roast beef po-boy sandwich and it did not disappoint. The portion on this one was huge Kama especially considering how small they are in the city. The beer is cheap, the atmosphere is fun and the crowd was friendly.Nice spot for beers.  Not bad prices with $3 for LA 31 during happy hour.  The restaurant has an open air feeling.  I liked the umbrellas on the ceiling with Tulane items around the bar.Stopped by during an afternoon walk.  Ordered some drinks and just hung out.  Drinks were good and strong!  Only took away a star because we were a party of four and literally the only human contact was with the person from our party and the bartender.  No greeting as we walked in or thank you when we walked out.  Just a little odd.Great place! I love the atmosphere and the neighborhood bar/restaurant vibe. The bartender with the dark hair and tattoo on her arm was very inviting and made us feel like a local. I would definitely come back again for the good food and good vibes.The last 4 times I have been here, the bartenders would not make eye contact and I have left without a drink which is a inexcusable offense in a bar that isn't busy.... used to be my favorite bar in the Irish Channel... save yourself the trouble and go to Parasols, where the service and food are excellent and the bartenders look you in the eye and chat you up!Great place to watch a game, drink a $3 beer or have a snack.  Didn't notice anything particularly Irish about the place.   Furnishings were a bit tired.   Had the roast beef po-boy and fried pickles-- both were very good. If I lived in NOLA I'd definitely come here a lot.Tracey's has a lovely ambience on a nice sunny day (or cloudy day for that matter!) Nice, open layout, not so dark and gloomy as so many other Irish bars. We enjoyed sitting out at the picnic tables on the lovely, scenic Magazine Ave. and made some new friends. People who love oysters adore the $1 oyster deal and the elaborate menu speaks of more then your average pub. Lovely stop over on our Garden District bike tour.Lived in New Orleans all my life and somehow managed to have never been to parasols/tracey's. I thought I knew where to go to get the best roast beef in town. my, my, my, how wrong I was. Tracey's has the BEST roast beef po'boy i have ever had, no doubt about it. Going to try the new owners at the old place next time since we hear its basically the same.
Tracey's NOW ACCEPTS CREDIT CARDS!!!!!Don't be fooled by the dive-y feel of this place. The food was good and raw oysters were as fresh as any other joint, only they were about a dollar per. Prices are far below NO average for food and drinks. Back to the dive-y feel. As much as I enjoyed the experience I will admit the back of the bar could use some work, including the bathrooms. Hanging out in the back while shooting some pool was a bit of a "smelly" experience. Bottom line, I'd go back, but would stay only for the food.This is a really fun place to catch a saints game.They finally accept credit cards but the original Parasols is good but not as good as it's still standing neighbors down the street. At the current Parasols the bread is bigger and toasted with garlic herb seasoning which puts it ahead of Tracey's. Tracey's was good but not as good as around the corner as far as the roast beef is concerned. If I come here again I will try one of the other sandwiches that look great. It is though a great place to hang out and watch a game so on that and decent food it get 4 stars. An update will be made at my next time passing through.Went to Tracy's for a friends going-away party.  The kitchen was closed (for staff vacation or renovation - not really sure which one - or both) so I can't review the food. It's just a neighborhood bar with plenty of tables to sit at. There weren't tons of people there when I left on Saturday night, but somehow I smelled like a mixture of cigarette smoke and stale beer when I left.This is an average bar at best. It's great for groups and a light night drink, but if you're not a local, they definitely up their drink prices. The food is sub-par and your basic frozen fried food items. Most times I've visited, I haven't had a great experience with either the drinks or food. However, if you're in town for St. Patrick's Day, be sure to visit the block party.First time trying Po-Boys. We came here after touring the Garden District and we had a Groupon. We went with the fried oyster po-boys, since we wanted to original and real deal. Good food, friendly staff. Great value with the Groupon!This bar was recommended to us by our taxi driver when we had no clue what we were going to do for lunch. We both got the "famous" roast beef sandwiches and an order of fried pickles which turned out to be really good. The roast beef sandwiches were not exactly what we were expecting because they had gravy on them, but were super delicious and of course very large and messy. Fun bar and a great local spot. Very very friendly people!Best po' boy in town! I was in New Orleans for four days and we went twice! My favorite is the roast beef, but the catfish was amazing tooA bad night?  Planned a Reuben and a corned beef, long (~15 items?) list of items not available which of course included both.  Ordered an oyster and a shrimp poboy with fries.  Oyster was excellent, fries generous.  Wife found the shrimp mundane.  Short list of drafts.  Noisy and smoky, not a bad thing, just a thing.  May try it again, take a shot at the roast beef.We found this place by accident when walking through the Garden District in New Orleans. Great little neighborhood sports bar feel and they have awesome drinks and wings. Fast service and clean restrooms made it even better. This is my new "go to" place whenever I am visiting NOLA and walking around the Garden District.This is my first Yelp Review ever, as I have avoided this site.  Who wants to be that person always giving thumbs up or thumbs down to restaurants like they are some kind of food critic  expert. lol.  But there is a first time for everyone :-)
I am making this, my  debut review, because this restaurant and pub really went out of their way to make our visit special.  I cannot recommend this place more highly.
Take a break from your tours of the Garden District and Lafayette Cemetery and rest your feet at Tracey's on Magazine St., just a few blocks over.  Charming place, the Seafood and beers were great, but the best part of this charming place is the staff and management.
Who sends you a Facebook message liking your photos and hoping we had a good time while here?  Seriously. These guys do! 
Exceptional hospitality in a city known for hospitality.
PS.  We had the seafood platter and is was yummy!  Especially the oysters.The po-boys and boudin balls were just decent. The worst part about our trip to Tracey's was the attitude of the gentleman behind the food counter. He was giving my Wife and I dirty looks as we were ordering, I shrugged it off to perhaps he's just having a bad day. After we finished our mediocre food I cleared our table (you have to clear your own table there), I put our trash in the garbage right next to the counter and the gentleman was standing right there so I looked over and said, thank you again, have a nice day. His response, a roll of the eyes then he turned and walked away. My wife saw this and quickly came over to collect me as she knew what was about to happen next. It's a great little sports bar just don't go for the food.Great roast beef po' boy! The atmosphere is fun--discovered some graffiti in the ladies' room reading "SELENA GOMEZ WITCH GANG", which was honestly the highlight of my evening. Try the fried pickles, too.I love the roast beef poboys and their sweet potato fries.  Its as good as it gets.  If you want a roast beef poyboys- this is definitely the place.
Oh yeah!!I like traditional roast beef po boys with gravy, and Tracey's has the best traditional roast beef in town. If you prefer the roast beef with au jus then you wanna be at Parasol's around the corner. Either way, you're gonna wait a while for your food and have grumpy Irish bartenders, but still, for my money, Tracey's has the best roast beef po boy in the crescent city. That alone is worth five stars to me!What can I say ... this is a family neighborhood bar mixed in with tourists eating poboys and every football hockey baseball package they can get on tv. Oysters get shucked and we already know your name . I got nuttin but love for Tracey's.  This is also the Irish channel st Patrick's parade ground zero.I get it. These places aren't really meant for the likes of me. I'm just not a sports bar lover. That said, Tracey's does it right- it's crazy huge, almost like a beer hall ,and with the front doors flung open onto a small sidewalk patio on a Friday evening, I actually found myself quite comfy and content here. That's saying a lot when you consider I hate TVs in bars/restaurants and Tracey's has a hella lot of them. I mean, it's kind of the point here. 
That said, for a brief moment, I wanted to be a sports fan so I could come here to watch The Game. Who knows, maybe I will some day. You could do far worse for bar food in town (fried pickles and French fries were sampled and I found them quite delicious. The red beans and rice that someone at my table ordered smelled incredible). 
Plenty of tables, long bar competently handled by bartenders at a busy HH... Yep, AOK, alright.For some reason, I've never been over to Tracey's since it opened and while I know this location had been cursed, I'm glad to see that the curse has been lifted.
I think part of the issue previous businesses may have had here is that it's so big which is great if you show up with a large group as we did. Everyone was happy.  The bartenders were hussling and the crowd was diverse and entertaining.
Now I just have to have snacks....Very uptown/uni crowd, decent (but not great) selection of beer. Really lovely food. Smokey. 
Friends from school loved to go here; I can never quite work out why. Much better than some of the other bars up the road, but somehow a bit annoying.
They did, however, appear to have decent pints of guinness - it was sticking to the glass in any case, though we didn't dare try it.The best shrimp po boy I've ever had!  Very casual and the perfect stop after a walking tour of the garden district!I ate here this past Monday with a dining companion for lunch.  We decided on eating here as I had read an article on what great po boys Tracey's had.  The restaurant was open and decorated with an Irish flair.  It is interesting from the standpoint that You have to order/pay for your food from the kitchen and get any water for yourself across the room.
I decided upon having an oyster po boy for lunch with a side of fried pickles while my dining companion decided upon the catfish po boy.  The fried pickles were cut into chips before being fried and had an addicting flavor.  The po boy was also good with nicely battered oysters and crispy french bread combining for a nice flavor.  My dining companion also said that her catfish po boy tasted good.
The bottom line for me is that the food was good enough here but nothing really stood out.  Due to that I am not sure that I would put it on my list of places to visit again but I would not deter anyone from giving it a go either.Killer food: PO boys, fried pickles oyster etc.  fresh and delish.  Owner is super friendly and directed our group to where we should go for our first trip to New Orleans.  Super friendly and awesome experience.  Come here!This is a fine place to watch a game or grab a drink, but there's nothing special about it. You have to order food from one counter and then go pick it up when it's ready, and get your drinks from another counter. That was annoying. I had the shrimp plate with sweet potato fries and cole slaw. They were all decent but nothing was really great. Very basic bar food, I guess. I'd suggest not using the bathrooms there as they are disgusting. When you do get to each counter, the staff is pretty friendly. And I like that the bar is open air - it gives it a nice casual vibe.I was strolling down Magazine and decided to give this a try since it was the first Friday on Lent. To my surprise it was really good. I had the seafood platter and the fish and shrimp was well seasoned and fresh. Good for pub food and the cook was especially nice and pleasant.Last night, my friend and I turned around for a minute to close our tabs and our jackets were gone. We asked the bartenders if they knew anything about it and one of them pretty much immediately talked to one of the other customers like this was a regular occurrence. He more or less confessed and she offered him six packs for their return but seemed to not be surprised nor really care. I won't be going back. Keep a super close eye on your stuff therei still love the roast beef po boys and have not been too disappointed with anything else i've tried.  bbq beef was really nice but the oysters...well, they were big enough and enough of them but not corn-meal-breaded, which is my preference.  
have to knock them down a star though because the last three times i've been, the wait for food has been interminable.  even when the line to order has been short.  two out of those three times, i caught them red-handed losing my order and having to make it when i came back to the window to inquire how cold hell had to get before i could eat.  
come on guys.  pull it together.If I could give this place negative stars I would. For starters, the service is terrible. I ordered two poboys and fries, it took approximately 45minutes to get the food. The chicken parm was overcooked to where the chicken was leathery. Roast beef poboy was bland, cat food probably tastes better. Cheese & gravy fries were decent, fries were definitely overcooked as well. Spent $30 to wait for food that left me expecting so much more.  The service was impersonal and the food fell way short. Please don't waste your time.Tracey's is a no-frills bar in the garden district. It's a fun place to hangout and you'll probably meet some interesting people. Definitely recommend their crawfish boil - lots of food for $18.1 word: Flavorless
The place is interesting enough, and clean.
Eaten in many other restaurants since arriving in NOLA, this was the first disappointment.I wanted to really like this place because of the decent reviews on yelp and the smells wafting through the air as we walked up. Little did I know that the food was going to be subpar and my boyfriend and I would be forced to wait for about an hour for two sandwiches and some fries. Both of us have worked in restaurant atmospheres before and know that sometimes it's easy to get in the weeds; we're quick to forgive. But two basic sandwiches is not something too challenging. My boyfriend got the chicken parm po boy, which is basically just fried and slathered with marinara and cheese. It's not complicated. I got the roast beef po boy, their supposed specialty. The roast beef and already cooked and just needs to be reheated. We also shared cheesy, gravy fries. None of these should take over an hour. When we got the food none of it was good besides the tried. Now I'm sitting here feeling sick to my stomach. DONT GO THERE FOR FOODLet me start by saying that as city's go, NOLA is perhaps the funnest city to visit of any place I have visited on three continents.
Thanks to a nephew's wedding, our family congregated in New Orleans in late September, and as luck would have it, one of our party rented a room via AirBnB about a block away.
Without going into details, two in our party got screwed around by one of America's finer Airlines and arrived 24 hours later than scheduled. By the time we fetched them from the airport, they needed food and drink.
By default we selected Tracy's. A big open bar on Magazine Street. It was a Saturday afternoon and it seemed the crowd watching an LSU game on the numerous screens cleared out.
Our group of seven ordered a wide variety of foods to share and it was all very good. By far the highlights were the fresh oysters and the soft shelled crabs.  
The oysters were sweet and were some of the best I've had in years. Plus, at $1 a piece they were great value. My companion says they might have been $10 for a dozen. Either way a great value for really superior oysters.
The other highlight was the soft shelled crabs. Deep fried, these were the freshest, biggest, most delicious I have ever enjoyed. They were so good, our group ordered a total of four and probably could have eaten more if it were not for the reception we had a few hours later.
There were only two knocks on Tracy's. Even though they were very busy a few hour earlier with a spirited audience of LSU Tiger fans, the tables could have been bussed a bit more thoroughly. And the second knock has more to be with a Californian with a taste for local beers. I could be mistaken, but it seems they only the standard national brews on tap. A nice cold local craft brew would have made the whole experience that much better.
So If you find yourself in New Orleans, head over to Magazine Street in the Garden District to Tracy's and order up some po'boys, fresh oysters and soft shelled crabs. You won't leave disappointed.I stopped into this happening joint during the St. Patrick's Day parade. During the parade the restaurant was super packed and they closed their bathrooms so you had to use the porto-johns outside--a little annoying. They were serving cat fish bites, chicken tenders, etc. at a temporary folding table they set up. Seemed like a pretty typical Irish pub and a great place to meet friends.I used to like bringing out of town friends here. Food is mediocre now, restrooms were horrible today and I can excuse those things...but a decent Guinness poor is all that I would expect. Not today.Damn.If you are a JET fan or live in the neighborhood - don't bother. We've come here five times looking to watch a game and spend money - only to be shoved in a corner or ignored. There are too many real neighborhood bars to tolerate this absolute abhorrent business practice... Spend your time and money elsewhereGreat bar to watch sports uptown. The staff will change a TV to watch specific games and they have directv! 
Gravy cheese fries are amazing... But very calorie rich. Probably share with a friends. 
Roast beef poboy is great and the boudin balls are tasty too (ask for extra dipping sauce) 
The beer selection is hit or miss as they run out occasionally.I deliver here to tracys.  The place is clean in the kitchen probably because the customers can see it.  When the owners had parasols it was so grimy and gross in the kitchen I always felt like vomitting.  Many of the same cooks from parasols are here also.  The cooks are still dirty and have attitudes.  Can't get myself to eat here because of the parasols flashbacks.