Trenasse is located inside of the International Hotel on St. Charles Ave. It feels upscale, but dress is casual. It's a nice, quiet location where you can relax and enjoy your meal without disruptions.
After being seated and ordering our drinks, the waitress brought over cracklings with red bean butter. There were delightful fried pork rinds that were very light and tasty.
We started with the Buffalo-style frogs legs (a first for all four of us) and they were quite tasty. (We now have bragging rights for the folks back home.) Each of us had a different selection off of the menu, and they were all phenomenal! 
Our waitress was very friendly and cordial. Behind the bar were three frozen drink machines. When we questioned the "Stink Juice", she provided us with a free sample and explained what it consisted of. (More bragging rights.)
This place is highly recommended. All four of us enjoyed our meal and the quiet time we had together.Absolutely amazing food!! We had the Chefs 3 course meal and we were blown away.  Incredible flavors, seasoned incredibly well, and the atmosphere was great for my girlfriend and I.  The service is very good.  Jonathan was our main server and was incredibly attentive and responsive.  I would absolutely recommend this, not only as a wonderful taste of New Orleans, but also a great introduction to the fantastic and welcoming community.This place is phenomenal. The bartenders are very personable. Jonathan is super friendly!!I was trying to find something new to try and I found this great place. Michelle did an outstanding job recommending me my whole dinner. From the appetizer, entree & desert and a good wine to pair it with.... great experience over allStayed at the Intercontinental  for 5 nights.  First night discovered here and was greeted with very friendly staff and awesome food.  Been back 4 times at different hours.  Love the happy hour food choices also.Yesssss. Had one of my best meals in Nola here...ever. 
I ended up here randomly. A million people were in town for the Sugar Bowl and it was one of the only places downtown with last minute reservations available. So glad we went. 
We started with a few small plates. (I also had a glass of cava brut - $8 and solid). The buffalo frog legs are amazing - like a hot wing but better. The duck confit lettuce wraps were delicious and had a great presentation. The duck meat is still on the leg and you assemble it into prepped lettuce cups yourself....or just eat it off the leg like I did. Also had the alligator tamales and the nachos with pork crackling. Both were good but probably wouldn't order again. The nachos would be worth trying once though -- it's definitely not what you expect. 
The trout meunière and whole fried fish (a red fish at the time I believe) were both divine. The potatoes with the trout! I never knew a potato could be so soft and crispy at the same time. Want them always. 
Once they've been open longer I hope the service improves. There were a few hiccups but everyone was consistently friendly. I also don't remember very many vegetarian options, although it is branded as cajun/creole so that isn't too surprising. 
The next time I go I'm totally springing for the oyster log.Eating at Trenasse was easily the best meal of our trip. Having been to New Orleans many times, we wanted something new but still of course super delicious. This is why I love the internet and why I'm writing a review for this place. Trenasse was a gem. The service was fantastic, probably the best waiter we have ever had. And the food, whoa. They are not messing around. My husband said the turtle soup was great. He also said the excellent service made the food taste better! We shared the duck lettuce wrap appetizer which was nothing short of phenomenal. I wouldn't typically order duck but this was carefully prepared and actually gorgeous. I will try duck at other places now thanks to the beauty of this dish. Even the side veggies were something to remember. I am so glad we ate here. Just to mention, we walked in for lunch on New Years Eve, did not need reservations but I would probably call ahead for dinner when going back.Great place for Happy Hour for oysters and libations! Sit in the back at the bar where Leo runs the show. He's been there since they opened and could not be a more affable guy. He'll advise you on best oyster combinations that he serves....from charbroiled to Rockefeller to raw (plus other combinations that I haven't tried because I always get the same thing). Oysters on the half shell during Happy Hour are $.75 each. Ask Leo about his pet fish named Hollywood. He might even show you a photo.We were underwhelmed with the chargrilled oysters Intercontinental.  The frog legs were lukewarm and slightly soggy.  It seemed like they had been reheated. The BBQ shrimp was also lukewarm, light on butter and overtly lemon-tasting.  The wait staff was efficient and friendly and the ambience was nice, but I would not return.  Disappointed.Located in the Intercontinental hotel. Happy hour from 3-6. Tried the crawfish pie, raw oysters, and char-grilled (Intercontinental oysters).
.75 cents an oyster during happy hour, can't beat that! 
The char-grilled oysters (6 for $12) were also delicious as well. Grilled with butter and cheese.
The crawfish pie was delicious. Flaky on the outside and crawfish inside tasted fresh. Served on top of some really good creamy grits. Definitely a must try, loved this dish.The food was delicious and the oysters were probably one of the best I had in New Orleans during my weekend trip with my wife. However, this was the worst restaurant experience Ive had during the trip. The restaurant was extremely busy and under staff for a Sunday dinner time. It took 10 mins for the waitress to greet my table. From there on, everything was normal serving time multiplied by 2. We were asked if we wanted the complimentary item served but the item never arrived. We were handed a dirty fork with gunk on it, handed back to the waitress, but was never apologized for. Attempted to wave down the waitress several times after the meal was finished didn't help the situation at all. The waitress finally realized how unsatisfied we were when I handed her my card the same time she handed my bill. We received a ":(" then she apologized for the restaurant being so busy...Not coming back.Trenasse is connected to the hotel (Intercontinental) that my friends and I stayed at during our trip to NOLA. We passed by the restaurant everyday and decided to drop in on our last day. Their menu was extensive and everything sounded delicious, but we kept our eyes on the prize: $0.75 OYSTERS FOR HH!! 
Happy Hour is from 3 PM to 6 PM everyday and features an assortment of appetizers and oysters prepared in different ways. We ordered 40 raw oysters to share between the three of us. Oysters were all delicious, sweet, and plump. We definitely ate enough to not crave oysters for the next month!We are first time visitors to NOLA from Seattle.  Our concierge recommended Luke's.  Walked to Lukes for dinner; 45 minute wait, so we went to Trenasse restaurant across the street.  Choosing Trenasse was the best choice we could make for our first night out.   Sean was Waiter of the year!  
Wonderful food, great food guidance, yummy gumbo, no okra!  Bloody Mary's were remarkable!  Great salad, 'cilantro corn dressing', steak was best we ever had.  Oysters and crab bisque rival the best we have had in Seattle.  I wish we had this restaurant at home!  I hungered for this restaurant the whole week, but felt we should give others a chance.  After trying Lukes, Commanders Palace, etc Trenasse was best restaurant experience hands down!
Sean's Fabulous fun suggestions:
Frenchman street 
Royal street NOT BOURBON
streetcar to Toulane/ Magazine street.It was tasty. I probably won't be back. Food was good but I have a problem with my food not being hot when I receive it. Lukewarm is not hot. I've chalked it up to it being I was part of a large party, but being in the industry that means nothing. Idk. Service was cool too. I was really disappointed in the food. Bisque, stew, steak, scallops all lukewarm. Scallops weren't seasoned well. Steak was tossed on the grill for a few seconds then pulled off...ZERO char. I can't.I fear that I am the first non-five star review.  Sorry to break the streak but, coming from San Francisco, the bar is high.  The food was excellent and there were a few items (the soups in particular) that were fabulous.  But the pork belly was tough and overcooked.  And a few items just weren't very notable.  Nothing bad, just not great.  Service was excellent.  The ambience, however, was not my style.  It's in the lobby of the Intercontinental and very much feels it.  Nothing particularly charming about it.  I'd certainly eat there again but I don't find myself raving about it (which is my bar for giving five stars).My friends and I came for the bottomless mimosas and found phenomenal food but the real gem was the service. Our server Julio was amazing - our glasses were always full and we all loved all the dishes he recommended for each of us. I would give 10 stars if it let me!All good at this upscale casual fresh seafood joint.
Lunch time, good crowd but no waiting. Service is prompt and atmosphere is comfortable.
We all ordered fish and each was expertly grilled and plated.
Nice size portions of very fresh fillets. The had a choice of four. Each in our group of five enjoyed their dish.
Finished with espresso and out the door.
Prices are reasonable, food is good, fish is fresh, atmosphere is nice.
What more could you ask for?Writing this review while I sit here waiting for the dozen oysters I ordered over 30 minutes ago. I'm wondering if they ran out and had to fish for more in the gulf or if we've been totally forgotten about. Horrible service, oysters are $0.75 during happy hour in theory, if you can actually get them.Came here for happy hour. You get what you expect. We got raw oysters by the half shell and broiled with garlic and butter. The broiled with garlic and butter are pretty much what you would expect but really nothing special about them. 
Service was good and fast. Happy hour is a good deal since they have lots of oyster options, as well as a handful of appetizers.My first trip to NOLA, I did not expect myself to be drawn to a restaurant like Trenasse. After reading countless positive reviews, my wife and I decide to go here for dinner. We were not disappointed. To start, my wife got the blue crab bisque, and I got the soup of the day (some cheese soup goodness). Sampling each, it was a tie for top rating. I then tried the Stinky's Stew...as good as other reviews have advertised. My wife got the Crab Trio...another home run. To top it off, our server Jonathan was awesome. To summarize, great all overall restaurant experience.Another score for NOLA to make it hard to find bad food.
Perfectly prepared gumbo, good bisque, tasty duck confit...
The only disappointment was the 30A poboy.  
I will be back to try some other selections.Solid brunch option.
Shrimp and grits is excellent.
Bottomless mimosas.
Usually not a wait. 
Decor could use a little updating... not really gram worthy hehe.
Once we went to brunch for a friend's birthday and they literally ran out of champagne ... apparently there is a bottom to the bottomless mimosa. But the manager did send someone to the store to pick up more and everything else was lovely so I'll forgive it, return the next time I'm not feeling especially creative with my brunch options, and stick with a solid 4 stars.We stopped here for a late dinner after conferencing. The service was amazing. We started with the crab bisque - which the manager replaced after thinking our first batch (which tasted fine) wasn't right, and the replacement was divine. We split Stinky's Stew for an entree and I can't describe how delicious it was. The broth took me to France and the seafood was all so fresh and perfectly done.Got take out from here while in New Orleans on a business trip. I ordered the crab trio and a side salad, and was pretty impressed for a hotel meal. 
I was particularly impressed by the side salad. The salad was fresh, and an interesting mix of lettuce, green beans, tomatoes, corn, potatoes, and lima beans. I got the corn vinagrette dressing, which was a thicker and creamier dressing than I'd expect from something called a vinagrette, but it was delicious. 
The crab trio was also good. Flavorful, savory, and complex, and there was a pretty reasonable amount of lump crab meat. However, there was quite a bit of shell still attached to the meat. The au gratin potatoes were excellent and the pickled vegetables were a nice touch to offset the otherwise heavy dish. I enjoyed the cream based sauce but did find myself wishing for more balance against the salty and heavy flavors. Regardless, it was quite good for a hotel meal. Would recommend.Excellent food. We had Wagyu beef, crab cake, duck lettuce wraps and bread pudding with caramel sauce and candied pecans. Yummy dinner.Other than the fact that our 2nd course(firecracker shrimp) came out after the 4th course and was dull, it was a nice place. Daily special scallops was good as was the soup of the day. Service was good. 
I would probably go back.Great food, great service, great time. We went during happy hour on a Saturday evening. Crowd was very sparse. Probably because this was the week before Mardi Gras and everyone was looking for something a little less fancy. However, although it's a nice restaurant, dress was casual, and we didn't feel out of place. Our server was very attentive. We had some of the best oysters I've had anywhere! And their happy hour prices were very reasonable. The rest of the food was also fantastic. We tried the blue crab bisque, wedge salad, alligator tamales, shrimp Po boy, and crawfish pie. The only thing I wasn't crazy about were the alligator tamales, and that's just because we really couldn't tell it was alligator. They were still tasty. The crawfish pie was phenomenal, highly recommend. All in all, a good experience, and I would go back.Terribly slow service. 45 minutes after ordering our meals the waitress came out and told us they had run out of two of the entrees. Food was decent, but not great.We came here for Happy Hour on Saturday and I could not have been more impressed.  The $0.75 raw oysters were even better than the ones we had at Luke across the street.  The catfish nuggets were also tasty but my favorite (surprisingly) were the cracklins!  Wow, so light and dusted with just the right amount of cajun seasoning.  Use it in place of the crackers for your oysters and you can thank me later.  
I wished we had stayed more days so I could try out the rest of the dinner menu, but I know where my first meal will be on my next trip to NOLA...  Keep up the good work!Spectacular meal! Great service from Falon. Escargot, oysters and entire menu was amazing. Flavors Devine. Will definitely be back on our next visit to NOLAYep, this was awesome. Good reviews below are accurate. I'd never eaten frog legs before and my boyfriend got them here -- they were delicious. I had alligator tamales which sounded weird but weren't that strange and were super yummy. Everything was yummy. A little on the pricey side, but you get a good amount of food, not like in those expensive restaurants with tiny plates =P.Finally find a tasty restaurant in New Orleans.
Located in Intercontinental Hotel, they serve live jazz, great seafood omelets and salad. Strongly recommend CBD salad with grilled shrimp.Stumbled in during "happy hour". Raw oysters $.75, smoked wings$6, & $7 Unca Duke's shrimp. Preceded by comp fried cracklin's (light as air), & delicious red bean butter. Tony was our above excellent waiter! Side of fried green perfectly cooked tomatoes & the "oyster platter" which consisted of 3 each: Intercontinental, garlic & butter, gratin, Bienville, Rockefeller, fried , & gruyere & bacon! 
Vote is for a yes. Only regrets we couldn't eat more from the big & appetizing menu!Another great find in nola, thanks to fellow yelpers! 
We went in the afternoon for their happy hours specials. They are definitely a steal!  Raw oysters (75 cents each) are fresh and plump, perfect to pair with the complimentary crackers. Popcorn catfish ($5) are crispy with soft center. The crawfish pie ($7) is also tasty but the crust is a little too thick to be called perfect. 
Special kudos to Jonathan, our server. He was very friendly and helpful.$10 Bottomless mimosas, what more can you ask for at brunch? How about a solid little jazz duo, great ceviche, and some solid chargrilled oysters? All bundled up in excellent service in a very cool, unique decor. Bar appeared to to exceptionally well stocked as well. 
Other guests had a range of dishes and all walked away with huge smiles. The one curious spot was the shrimp and grits, which finished as the worst of our trip to her palate. They were a bit TOO rich. Otherwise everything else was perfect. Big fan!Trenasse is located in the Intercontinental Hotel New Orleans.  We made reservations a couple of days in advance for our party of 8. Arrived at 5.30 pm and seated promptly. It was just the tail end of Happy Hour so we ordered some appetizers and drinks. A couple dozen raw oysters, a dozen grilled oysters, boudin balls and a round of Hurricanes.  The oysters were smaller then ones we had earlier that day but were excellent especially the grilled ones. 
For dinner we ordered the following item some multiple orders.
Escargots decadent rich in butter garlic and herbs
Duck with romaine lettuce as taco shells
Several Fish of the Day
Scallops
Drum
Mahi Mahi 
All were outstanding especially the scallops tender and sauteed just right.
Oyster salad 
The gumbo made with a dark rue, was the best I have ever had. 
Desserts were a cheesecake and a huge creme brulee.  Service was excellent . $340 before tip. Southern food at its best.loved everything I had!!! Bbq shrimp amazing ! the fish amazing! the endless mimosas amazing!!! Def going back soon!!!We were here for a conference and had done several "touristy" places with many people and decided to strike out on our own.  This was, by far, the best meal we had in NOLA!  The atmosphere is nice and intimate.  
We both had the special dinner meals (3 courses), with my friend picking the short ribs, green beans and grits while I had the swordfish, sauteed spinach and popcorn rice. The appetizer salad was AMAZING!  It was an arugula base with pickled cauliflower, jalapenos, and prosciutto croutons with a lemon vinaigrette.  So delish!  The main dishes were cooked and seasoned to perfection.  The dessert was a chocolate tart with a pecan crust and I loved it even though I am not a fan of chocolate pie.
If you are looking for a more eclectic southern menu, this is the place to go.I can only give this place 2 stars as an average . The crawfish pie is absolutely amazing and if you go here during happy hour you have to try this ! The gruyere oysters were so so. I probably wouldn't get them again . The food was a 4 and the service was a 0 ! If I could give them a 0 for service .. I would. Our waitress was awful ! She came over to our table and very very quietly said what can I get you . We needed a second to look over the menu for drink and food. She then left and came back a little bit later . Took our order and had a very melancholy personality, almost  like we were inconvincing her . Our food was delivered by someone else and then we proceeded to eat . Completely finished our meal, she didn't come over once to see if we needed anything . Maybe a drink or to check on our food ? Nothing .... well now we were sitting there waiting for her while she was at the bar talking to another worker drinking a glass of wine . Still waiting, we reached out to the hostess to ask for our waitress and check ... the hostess was great and proceeded to apologize multiple times for the waitress . The hostess went over to get the waitress and she came back and said oh I'm sorry I was in a meeting ...... are you insane ? We were sitting there watching her drink a glass of red wine at the bar and talking to a co worker . Not a genuine apology at all , just a childish excuse ! I probably wouldn't go back because of this service, go across the street to Luke !!!Came here on a Monday around 4:30pm. Restaurant is attached to the right side of the Intercontinental Hotel front entrance. It's literally right across the street from Luke's Restaurant. When we arrived it wasn't very busy. Service was great and food was pretty good as well. They have great Happy Hour Specials daily from 3pm-6pm. Here are the specials we ordered and my rating for each with 5 being excellent.
Crawfish Pie $7 = Rating: 4 
BBQ Shrimp $7 = Rating: 5
Wild Boar Boudin Roll $5 = Rating: 5
Crawfish Hot Tamales $7 = Rating: 3I was taken here by a client last month while on a business trip and I have to say, this was HANDS DOWN the best food I had in NOLA for the few days I was there. Granted, most was catered by the conference but we also went to ACME Oyster House and Dicky Brennan's, both of which are supposed to be amazing...they weren't at all. I didn't even find ACME edible. 
Anyway, Trenasse was delicious. I ordered the grouper topped with lump blue crab and the crab bisque. Everything was cooked to perfection and amazingly fresh, as it should be. We also had the Oyster Log for the table as well as the Bloody Mary Oyster Shooters. Now I don't even like oysters, but all of these were beyond amazing. I would get it again in a heartbeat. 
Someone else at the table ordered the special trio that had short ribs, crawfish pot pie and crab cakes. I'm not a fan of pot pie so I didn't try this, but the short ribs were exceptional. Tender as butter. The crab cakes were ok, I have had better. 
Overall, this place is worth it and I will definitely go back next time I am in NOLA.Stumbled upon this restaurant on Yelp and I couldn't be happier! Happy Hour every day from 3-6!! Prices were incredible! We got the Boudin Balls appetizer and raw oysters on the half shell. Biggest, freshest oysters I've ever had!! I'm from New England so you don't see them this big on the regular. A must try!Must go!!! Everything we had was amazing! Best garlic bread I've ever had, delicious oysters, delicious gumbo, delicious burgers, delicious dessert. I can't say "delicious" enough! Great atmosphere, very cool place to go!This place was good but not my favorite compared to other nearby places we had the shrimp po boy the sauce was really good but there were only 3 shrimp on the whole sandwich 
The blue crab bisque was very goodThis place was bomb. Not like, 5 star amazing meal-type bomb -- but pretty freakin' good. 
Few complaints: the bloody Mary's were as thick as milkshakes. The actual flavor was like really good and it would have been perfect had it not been so thick it was hard to suck through the straw... I guess this seemed to be a trend in NOLA though so maybe its just their thing. Either way, I can't stand the texture at all. Like, I love bloody mary's -- one of my favorite drinks -- but if you're anything like me, ask for it thin. 
Service was really good. The waitress was just alight but pretty much everyone in the restaurant helped out when/where they could. Which, having worked in restaurants my whole life, I can confidently say that's exactly how it should be. Manager dude was very nice and helpful. Good experience. 
SO: I ordered the fried brie burger. Yes, that means a giant fried piece of brie atop a delicious burger with caramelized onions and a bunch of other amazing things. Honestly, the only real gripe I had about my meal is that I ordered my burger medium rare and it came welllll into the medium range. Such a disappointment because, although the meat wasn't spectacular tasting or anything, the burger / flavors would have been near perfect if my burger had been cooked right. 
OH and how could I forget -- the beignets -- or "French Market Doughnuts" according to their menu. They were freakin delicious. Maybe not like cafe du monde good but like really freakin good. My first taste of NOLA beignet heaven. 
all in all,  it was super bomb. They were very accommodating, got 12 of us in right away for brunch. Very attentive, helpful, etc.Excellent service!  Delicious food!
Try the Crawfish Pie and the Crab Trio!  Awesome!!Best Happy Hour menu I've had in New Orleans.  Popcorn catfish, Crawfish pie, Debris fries all $7 each.  Smoked wings $6 and 0.75 oysters.  All were excellent.  Cheap drinks as well.  Will definitely will be back.I was looking for a break from my conference with a quick lunch out and this place delivered great food at a very reasonable price.  The bartender suggested the soup and sandwich combo since I said I was interested in local food - I picked fowl gumbo and half a shrimp po'boy. Delicious.We had the fowl gumbo, shrimp 'n' grits, crab bisque and oyster salad - all were great, though service left something to be desired.Trenasse is a hidden gem.  First, they have one of the best bloody marys in New Orleans - hands down.  They were spicy, rich and flavorful.  The garnish included okra, celery, olives and a jumbo shrimp.
I ordered the veggie omelette and it was fantastic - full of fresh vegetables and cooked to perfection.  The breakfast potatoes were amazing.  (Note: they are VERY garlicky so be prepared.)
The crab bisque was delicious.  Not too creamy - just right.
Other dishes ordered at the table included the blue crab omelette and the blue crab cake benedict. All were really great.  
The service was solid too - friendly, knowledgable and accommodating. I look forward to going back and trying dinner.
I've been to all the popular breakfast spots with long waits.  Skip the wait and have a better meal at Trenasse.I was craving oysters something fierce and I don't wait in lines (aka acme etc). On Sunday night, I found Trenasse. I thought about making a reservation, but they had so many open times on OpenTable, I didn't bother. We showed up at 7:15 and were told by a very prickly hostess, that the soonest we could be seated was 8:30. 
I admittedly pulled a dick move and made a reservation at 7:30 on OpenTable. I alerted her to this. She responded with a table of 6 ahead of us was going to use our table since she didn't block it out. Not my problem. She resolved the issue she created and sat us. 
Now. Our waiter Adam, who said he's usually the bartender, was quite possibly one of the greatest waiters I've had. He was SO friendly and took such amazing care of us, I can't even tell you.
Starting us off with pork rinds? what?! LOVE!!!
We ordered a couple cocktails, both delicious. We also got a dozen raw oysters, 6 of the house charbroiled oysters, and 6 of the pancetta and Gruyere oysters at the suggestion of Adam. Everything was superb and hit the spot!
I would so absolutely go back, making sure to make reservations ahead of time.Wow
Food was excellent l, was worried a bit about the restaurant being connected to a hotel but man was I glad I went. 
Oysters, shrimp, soup, etc everything was excellentI liked the fried catfish nuggets and crawfish pie so much when I was here last time that I brought my daughters when I came back. The girls enjoyed them as well. I was disappointed that the size of the crawfish pie had reduced in size and because of that there was too much crust. The inside still had a good flavor but the pie shell almost over powered it. 
One of my daughter's loves seafood so we got the broiled oysters. Not a good idea if you do not like raw oysters. I asked the waitress were they cooked when she put them down because they didn't seem like it. My daughter tried to eat them but they were to under cooked. 
We will return to get the nuggets and regular size crawfish pie. That happy hour one is too doughy.Ordered their cauliflower steak with no cheese & the salad with balsamic... flavors were delicious. Well seasoned, nice sized portions & you can tell were made from scratch. You can taste the freshness. Beautiful presentation. Kentucky mule & NOLA mule were great as well. Food was superb, service was a little slow & average.Happy hour was a steal! The catfish popcorn bites were delicious and the perfect size for an appetizer. Plus a little live music - I dig it!  Just a heads up, it's connected to the intercontinental hotel (took me a minute to find it).Delicious food!  My husband and I went to this restaurant because it's conveniently in our hotel and were not disappointed. I had the duck lettuce wraps and they were phenomenal and he had the gumbo and it's one of the better ones I've tasted of being here! They also have happy hour from 3 to 6 where the oysters, which are big, juicy and sweet, are only $0.75 each! Highly recommended, if nothing else, just for happy hour!Had the blue crab bisque, escargot, lamb rack and crawfish pie, they were all absolutely delicious! Would definitely come again.Wow! I'd buy a plane ticket to come back to New Orleans just so I can eat at this place again! 
I had Crab Bisque and my mom had Cauliflower soup, both excellent! Then we split a crab and potato entree. I highly recommend you visit this place!Fabulous, fabulous! We had a late lunch and had a delicious meal! Very pleasant atmosphere. Had tv's in the bar, great selection of food and everything tasted great! We had the fish tacos and split them because the portion was too large for us to eat alone. Their pinto beans had a smokey taste, so yummy. The waitress was well informed, and very energetic as if she was really enjoying her job. In the hotel, but you would never know sitting and having lunch! Will be back for sure!Good food. But please ease up on the salt. We were a party of 20 and everyone said their food had good flavor but too salty!Went during Happy Hour and got 6 oysters for 4.50 and the Crawfish Pie (entree). The Crawfish Pie was amazing! Was stuffed halfway through but was so good I ate the whole thing!! Would definitely recommend it to anyone trying to find a unique seafood dish in NOLA!Great tasting food but truly small portions. I don't like the idea that prices are hiked because it's a huge tourist spot. I want my soup to be more than 6 ounces. This isn't the movies and I'm not on a diet. Feed me, that's what I came for.Really amazing food with the freshest and finest ingredients. I work in the building and eat here often. Never disappointed. My favorite server is Eric. Be sure and ask for him - he'll take excellent care of you and your group!This is one of the top places we ate during our entire trip! Our alumni group decided to meet up for brunch here, and it was a perfect option. We were seated immediately and our drink orders were taken. The waitress was new or just not that great and she could not answer any questions. That prolonged our entire time there, but we overlooked her missteps because Jeremy, the bus boy was amazing. He was able to answer all of the questions about the menu and got us everything we needed. The buffalo frog legs were excellent and the lamb, eggs, and biscuit were great. This is a place I would highly recommend.Amazing dishes. Our table had the Wedge salad with green goddess dressing, the alligator tamales, cauliflower steak, crab trio, key lime pie (in a mason jar)  and the peach creme brûlée. It was delicious, the staff was nice and the atmosphere was casual and good for conversation. Kathleen our waitress was friendly and attentive.Took the "Crawfish pie" to go to and found a piece of iron-kinda-looking stuff in the food. Glad I found it in my mouth before swallowing it. Feel like the food is overrated.Friday night in the big town...staying at the La Quinta downtown. Trenasse is walking distance from the hotel, and was recommended by the concierege. A great choice!
     They were not overly busy, so we walked right in at 6:30 pm and seated at a quied table for two. My wife started with a bloody mary...it must have been a drink and an appetizer! House vodka, and on top there was a cold boiled shrimp, three giant olives, a whole pickled okra, a green bean, a slice of lemon, a slice of lime, and a whole stalk of celery.
     Our entrees were superb. She had swordfish and I had lump crab in artichoke cheese sauce. Finally, an apple pastry and cookies for dessert. Tag, tax, title, and tip under $100.Food: 4.8-4.9 debatable
Service: 4.0
Interior design/atmosphere: 4.5
We were on the way to Luke when we found out there was almost an hour wait. Trenasse had been on our "to visit" list, anyway, so we hopped across the street. Luckily, we got there right before dinner was about to start, in time for the brunch menu. My sister ordered oysters on the half shell and the blue crab bisque, while my mother ordered the Spicy Chicken Salad and a cup of the Soup du Jour, which was a Cauliflower Apple Cinnamon bisque. I ordered the Blue Crab Omelet with a side of stir fried veggies instead of potatoes. 
Oysters: I personally do not like oysters, but I tried one and it was delicious. Fresh and with that sparkle this dish needs to have. Acme's was a terrible experience while Felix was great, but I think Trenasse's oysters were surprisingly my favorite.
Blue Crab Bisque: Fantastic. Came out exactly as we ordered. 
Soup du Jour: sweet, but not too much. The cinnamon and the sweetness/tanginess of the apple was well balanced with the texture of the bisque. 
Blue Crab Omelet: Rich. They did not skimp on the crab content, to be sure. It was kind of heavy for me, because I don't normally eat cheese, and the sodium was a bit high, but the overall taste was delicious and worth the price. I think the star of my order was the stir fried veggies that I asked to replace the potatoes, though. The veggies were fresh and seasoned perfectly. 
Spicy Chicken Salad: this was the one part of the order we experienced difficulties with, as the waitress forgot about it and it came later during our meal. It came in a deep bowl.
Nola Hopitoulas IPA: Fantastic, according to my sister. I'm not much of a beer drinker. Ordered for the novelty of a New Orleans brewed beer, but enjoyed for the taste. She did find a male hair in the first glass, but they addressed the issue accordingly and in an appropriate, polite manner. She received a new can of the IPA, with the first beer comped.
Hot Green Tea: hot water with a Twinings decaf green tea bag. Not much else to say.
This meal was a treat, and made my mother and I realize the difference between 'someone who cooks' and a 'chef'. My dish and the chicken salad was a little bit salty, but I imagine anyone else would find it Perfect, as I tend to eat blandly for American standards. The Oysters were fresh, and the IPA delicious. 
Overall, would definitely recommend. Very likely to come by again next time I'm in the area.Over priced and TERRIBLE service. Had 7:30 pm reservations but waited almost 30 minutes for a table while we saw multiple tables sitting empty. I understand that they attempt to coordinate requests and two person tables must rank lowest of all - less income generated maybe?  When we finally got seated we ordered appetizers, of which one was NEVER served until after we had almost completed our main course. The waitress was nice enough to "remove it from your bill" like she was doing us a big favor!  First trip to New Orleans and already major disappointment. Should have listened to previous reviews that addresses the terrible service. The entrees tasted fine but kind of hard to mess up a ribeye. Never eating here ever again and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.We stopped by here for a quick happy hour before dinner. The grilled oysters were fabulous, and the boudin balls were tasty. Fried pig ears were on the house. Overall, an excellent happy hour choice!Perfection!  The depths of flavors were delicious everything was just the best highly recommend the wedge salad and the shortribsIts great food. Honestly, what did it for me was the whole yellowtail snapper which was the special of the day. A fantastic happy hour! 5$ hurricanes and well drinks. The baked oysters are phenomenal. Food is good, happy hour is great. Easy reservations on opentable, and the most amazing desert is the bread pudding. OmgGroup work dinner. Nice private spot for our crowd. Attentive service. Great raw bar and boudin balls. Crab Trio was good but did not necessarily highlight the crab in the way I thought it would. Desserts were outstandingThe food was good...it was most likely two dollar signs for the upper class though. AND not only are the plates around 30$ each but the portion sizes are extremely small!! Oh and my cousin got sick off of their Mac and cheese.Every part of our evening here was wonderful. The service, the entertainment, the restaurant decor and of course, the food! The best pert is the food. 
Broiled oysters: best
Bbq shrimp: flavor country
Crawfish pie: fantastic
Braised short ribs: wonderful
Desserts: perfect
Did not disappoint!Fantastic food!  Drinks are good too.  We had both the Bloody Mary and mimosa, very tasty.  The atmosphere is calm and relaxing too.  I love the Cajun food with an upscale twist.We went here for a bottomless brunch during a trip to NOLA not long ago and were pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant was located inside the Intercontinental Hotel and was a trendy spot.  Our waiter also happened to be from NJ and he was incredible - we never had an empty glass of champagne.  Notice I said champagne versus mimosa - he was willing to keep pouring the bubbly sans orange juice! That is always a good sign.  I had the shrimp and grits, which was packed with flavor. I didn't realize I would like grits so much.  My friends had a huge platter of char-grilled oysters, which were also delicious.  This place was great value - a two hour bottomless brunch with awesome food, and I don't think any of us spent more than $30.00.Wow! Very good food and service. Our server Falon was very attentive. She knows the menu very well. Crab bisque, house salad, and I had grouper fish of the day it was cooked to perfection and presented beautifullyIncredibly good brunch! Super impressed with the quality of food, creative menu, and the bottomless mimosas! The homemade biscuits are spot on! Service was very good. We'll be adding this to our list of regular brunch places!Good service and food. the Raw Combo "Entrée" was really excellent!Although it has a good rating, I was not expecting to be "wow'd" by a hotel restaurant, but this place was great.
We ordered drinks... I can't remember their names but they were delish and strong!
Homemade cracklins with honey cinnamon butter were good and perfect starter as we waited for entrees.
I ordered the blue crab bisque and crab cake special.  Bisque had great flavor, but I thought it could've been served hotter.  The crab cake was good, not great.
Bf got Stinky's stew.  It was his favorite dish while we were in New Orleans.
A few tables ordered raw oysters which were served on huge natural edge planks of wood.  Looked amazing.  Would go back to try, especially during happy hour.They just kept giving me more and more spoons. Here's your oysters and a couple spoons. Here's your soup and a couple spoons. Here's your entree and a few spoons and forks, here's your dessert and yet more spoons! 5/5 would use 6 spoons again. 
JI is cool too, he's some kind of server. Real on the ball chap that guy.I was staying at the Intercontinental and honestly was not expecting this restaurant to be so good. I am so glad I gave it a try. This may be the best tasting food I've ever had in New Orleans. The Creole Nacho and the Beef Tenderloin Filet were both phenomenal.  Everything was perfect.The wall of frozen drinks was a real lifesaver in the 90 degree heat.  I had the stinky peat, pretty good and didnt taste too sweet.... dangerous though.... you only need 1!
The crawfish tamales were so good.  Portion sizes are kind of small for the price and even though we were staying in the hotel, they wouldnt let us take our food up to the pool for the happy hour price.  We had to actually sit down, seems weird since we were hotel guests.  
The shrimp was pretty good, the sauce was a little spicy and very flavorful.  Pork grind nachos were my fav!This place crushes!!!  I have been twice and both times were beyond stellar!  Service was top notch, presentation was out of this world and the food preparation was perfect.  I can't say enough positive things about it.Vegetarian friendly! They have a menu for us non-carnivores, and it was delicious.  Of course my meat eating friends were having a great time too.  Their garlic French bread is to die for, cauliflower on point.  Service was good too!Amazed at how they served party of 10 during Essence fest.  Group loved the food.  We got the Oyster log and several other items.  I would highly recommend this place.Oh my good lord. We were in town for my boyfriends birthday looking for a nice place to grab a first night birthday meal and the ratings for Trenasse looked good enough. We were grown off by its facade being a little hidden at the corner of the hotel. But do not be deceived, this is not just a hotel restaurant. The service was amazing. And the menu was on point.
We were lucky and caught the end of happy hour. We ordered the buffalo frog legs, popcorn catfish, BBQ shrimp...literally, we just kept ordering things! The portions were great to share and the flavors were so authentic and tasty. My boyfriend was impressed with my pick and since we partook in the happy hour menu, it didn't break the bank!This place is great love all the happy hour items! Crawfish pie and boudin balls yummy!! The food is awesome!! A must try!This was the best meal ever! I had the Taste of Trenasse and my husband had the Roasted lamb chops. We ordered the Smoke House chicken wings for our appetizer which was delicious. The complimentary fresh pork rinds are a nice change from bread.  Would definitely come again the next time I am in NOLA...I've eaten here several times. It's another hotel restaurant. I really don't see what's so special about it. The presentation is great. But for me, it boils down to how good the food is. I ordered the crawfish pie and short run. It's good, $18/$28 good. I'll come here for the $.75 oysters and $3 beer. Luke's across the street is $.50, but those bastards are very stuck up.Pedram Couture loves TRENASSE!  Their food is DELICIOUS!  We recommend everything on the menu, no seriously!The food was excellent and service was great.
We were 4 adults and 1 child visiting NOLA. 
Our waiter Kevin was nice.Food is excellent; service is great; cocktails are delicious; ambiance is warm and inviting. What more could one ask for?I'm giving 3 stars only because the waitress and bartender deserves some credit. We were staying downtown & wanted something close with good reviews... The Bloody Mary was fabulous, grilled oysters were awesome, BBQ shrimp pretty ok. Stuffed flounder over potatoes came out undercooked, so I said something.... They put our meal onto another platter & stuck it under the broiler... I was shocked & refused to eat it, so I ordered a filet, medium rare, and it was nearly well done. The place has a nice atmosphere, maybe just not the chefs best night, but there's no excuse for flipping someone's picked thru plate onto another plate & re-serving it.. I didn't care for their excuse for handling it that way eitherThis place is amazing!  The oysters, crawfish pie and peach cobbler were our favorites, not to mention our waitress, Terrriell, was so fun and made our kids feel super special!  We will make a special point to come back next time we are passing through NOLA.  Happy hour goes until 6!Our local waitress from 5star hotel told us to go here.  This little hidden jam is located inside of intercontinental hotel.  We hit happy hour just like waitress told us to go and boy this was jackpot!!!  I am pretty skeptical with raw oysters coming from eating everything raw but this place has amazingly fresh oysters only 75c each!  Has 2 glasses of wines each with my hubby but price was super reasonable.  Go there when you are in New OrleansMy boyfriend and I had the most wonderful time here. The happy hour features 75 cents oysters and other small bites, plus discounted drinks. We sat at the oyster bar, ordered around 8 dozens in the course of two days, and shared laughs with Leo the best oyster shucking master. The crawfish pie is also a MUST try, simply unforgettable.Happy hour oysters are great! Had 21 oyster combo for 7different types. The best are the garlic broiled and grilled oysters.I was disappointed. 
They need to settle on an identity, I think.
They try to combine high class and low class cuisine, and take the same approach with the furnishings and decor. 
It didn't work for me.
The worst thing was the menu itself-it's made of plastic and doesn't lie flat. It feels dirty. The print and layout are amateurish and not very informative-what you would expect at a diner (see above). 
And my feeling was that if the menus were 20 years old, the recipes were too.
Needs a top-to-bottom do-over. And I would move it out from under that motel too.Absolutely delicious! I ordered the wedge salad (probably the best wedge salad I have ever had), crab trio, and market doughnuts. The key lime dessert is probably the only thing I wasn't crazy about, and that's mostly because the presentation made it very difficult to eat.It's true what they say about the Bloody Mary. The bartender that day made them spicy, stout, and delicious. It was done well.
I had a cup of gumbo. Good, but I am severely critical of gumbo. I'm a proud cajun woman and my boyfriend says I make the best gumbo there is to be had. So, if it doesn't taste like mine, I become a snob. My ego has been far too inflated. Still, I ate it all. That says something.
Had some raw oysters. SO fresh!! Tres bien.
Boyfriend had the Benny! Benny! Benny! And it was a win. Good benedicts to be had here. I had the Gris Gris PoBoy. Tastes very similar to a Vietnamese poboy, which is a GREAT thing IMO. Yum! I find it hard to find good Vietnamese poboy so I'm glad I found this place to feed my fix. I get an envie for them quite often. 
Seriously though, the super-fresh oysters and the bloody Mary's. Come for those. Gotta try it! But... You'll quickly discover that you'll want to try the whole menu.Came at happy hour to order a couple drinks and happy hour appetizers and decided to stay because the food was so good. Best place we've been to so far. Ordered the soup sampler (my least favorite was the bisque), the cauliflower, crawfish pie, alligator tamale, unca shrimp. I would say our least favorite was the tamale. The cauliflower was amazing, exactly what I was expecting! Staff was attentive, nice and helpful.Delicious meal, great service. So many things on the menu I wanted to try. Will definitely go back. The fish was so fresh. The 30A poboy was so good.I ordered a wedge salad to go as I was staying in the hotel and didn't want to get charged an arm a leg for a salad from room service. It was pretty good but not as described in the menu as it came with tomato but not croutons.  Guy at the bar was quick to retrieve and cash me out,The atmosphere is a bit lively (read: loud) for dinner. So, if you're looking for an intimate/romantic setting, it may be difficult to find it here.  However, we didn't mind. The service is attentive and balanced, which makes up for the lack of intimacy. The complimentary cracklins with red bean butter were an interesting and yummy start.  However, the highlight of our meal was the blue crab bisque. Though there wasn't a lot of crab meat, the flavor was superb. We also ordered the tamales (white corn and crawfish maque choux) and artichoke crab gratin. Both were rich in flavor and prepared well, though presented in small portions. We would come back again for the crab bisque and to try other dishes on the menu.Trenasse is a class act.  We went on a busy Saturday night during Jazz Fest  and arrived 30 minutes late for our reservation, but Gina  welcomed us graciously and managed to find us a table immediately.  The extensive menu had so many tantalizing choices that it was hard to decide what to order.  We settled on the gumbo, escargots, cauliflower steak and bread pudding, all of which were delicious. 
Both service and ambiance were great, and the prices reasonable.  Can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu options.Chosen for its variety of southern food, as my family's only experience is with my cooking. I'm from Colorado, so what do I know? I wanted them to try the frogs legs - I thought both the buffalo and the pan seared were great. The fam wasn't impressed with the red fish (we live near Seattle and eat lots of salmon). The desert was a black berry and pear pie alamode. It was very good. It was a quiet Thursday night, so we got lots of attention. I liked the ambiance and decor.Went with a party of 8 and we had a great time. Service was on point and food was delicious. The oyster log is a must try! Everyone enjoyed their meal. We will be back many times.Great Easter Brunch
My wife and I had the pleasure of eating here for Easter Brunch. Overall, we had a great experience. Our server did an excellent job. He was very attentive but not overwhelming. He made one small mistake. Rather than blaming it on the kitchen, he offered us a complimentary appetizer to hold us over. The food itself was very good. The smoked oyster soup we had was particularly great. I had the Benny Benny Benny. A trio of different eggs benedict variations. It is a must try. I have recommneded this spot to several friends already. It is a solid option for brunch, lunch, or dinner.Michelle at the bar was super friendly. We had oysters and drinks prior to our dinner engagement. Frozen Hurricane was really good and stayed frozen the entire time drinking it, so frozen my lips practically stuck to the straw!I had the CRAWFISH PIE and it was better than advertised. It was spicy but not too spicy and the crust was light and flaky. It's one of those situations where it was so good you can't stop eating it. My gf had the CUBAN SANDWICH and FOWL GUMBO and it was excellent. I'm not a huge fan of gumbo but it was by far the best I've tried. My sister had the PRESSED CRAB it was gooey cheesy crabby deliciousness. (She recommends dipping it in the crab bisque) which was very good btw. We topped it off with the stink juice snd the host recommended mixing all of their 4 flavors together. We did and it was fabulous!!I rarely give five stars but this places earned it. It's their happy hour that put them over the top. I got some amazing popcorn catfish (lightly breaded and fried), a dozen of the freshest raw oysters (giant at that), and a pint of IPA for under 20 dollars. You just can't beat that. Well played.Came looking for a great meal to cap off my buddy's bachelor party weekend, and Trenasse did not let us down.  Got started with whiskey on the rocks and some oysters from the bar (raw and char-grilled).  I could have just eaten those and had a great meal, but the rest of the menu managed to grab my attention as well.  
In order to maximize the Creole flavor over 1 meal I got the soup sampler, and we went family style with a few apps.  The 'nachos' with pork belly were delectable, if not filling.  The fish of the day was fantastic.   Finished it off with bread pudding and a coffee.
The ambiance is great for a celebratory night out (upscale casual), and the waitstaff didn't miss a beat when it came to taking care of us.  We came looking to go big, and Trenasse was ready.Everything we've had were delicious! Ambiance, food, server, Kev and desserts were all amazing. Highly recommend this placeFantastic lunch with great food and even better service. Joseph Evans was amazing. We ordered over a dozen different things and he memorized our entire order to perfection! His excellent customer service skills elevated our entire experience!Food was good, not great. We ordered from the coolinary menu.  Perhaps our experience would've been better had it not been for our server, Eric.  He seemed like a lost puppy. He didn't bring all our drinks out but came back to our table and asked us if he forgot anything. After over an hour waiting for our food, we finally asked Eric about it. He just said yes it's coming. The food came right out after that...on hot plates...but were slightly cold . I was in the middle of eating my entree when Eric came out and asked if I wanted a box. I told him I was still working on it and he replied, "are you sure?" Seriously?...then a few minutes later they brought our desserts...with melted ice cream. I don't normally write reviews, but I just had to.This is a bar with a menu- that's not a bad thing but if you are interested in food it's not a destination. The red chili shrimp and  the gumbo were fresh, well cooked and good but not exciting considering it yelped #1 under restaurants for the area.  Its loud with lots of people socializing and drinking - I like that at times but tonight I wanted some kickass NOLA food (I am from out of town) and neither the food or atmosphere delivered a #1 yelp. If I were out on the town with my besties it would be a great spot. Definitely not for kids(just in case you have one)Great food and drinks! Even tho it's a hotel restaurant the food and service is exceptional.  I didn't stay here but read s good review. Delicious food!!You need to know two things.
1.  Happy Hour from 3-6.
2.  $0.75  raw oysters.  
After leaving the WWII museum, we got stuck in torrential downpour that led us to Trenasse.  Thank you mother nature!!!!  Incredible Oyster happy hour.  The raw ones and the Intercontinental oysters were my fav.  The smoked guyere and pancetta were also very good but the cheese is the real show as opposed to the oyster.Highly recommend, everything was good. Only one warning, make sure to ask if a dish like triple crab contains pork.  Bottle wine prices are a little pricey.  The oysters were awesome.  Order to share between everyone at the table.Excellent gumbo, some of the best I've ever had. The staff is very friendly, and the chef uses very fresh ingredients, including her own home canned produce.We had a really delightful meal here. All the dishes were well prepared, well presented and had creative and flavorful spins on various New Orleans/southern dishes. Our selections concentrated on items from the second course, from which you could easily make a meal and experience a variety of tastes. The service was also very good. 
We had the Bloody Mary oysters, the lobster tail w  fried green tomatoes, the cauliflower steak, duck confit lettuce wraps, crawfish pie and hot garlic French bread. It would be hard to single out which was best, but the duck was delicious and the crawfish pie was one of the best I've ever had. The cauliflower steak was unique and so savory. Do not miss the garlic bread, which comes out piping out and slathered in garlic butter. Yum!
We've eaten at many restaurants in NOLA over the years and this was one of the most memorable meals ever!If you like blue crab and oysters, this is the place for you. There are many oyster options and you can add crab to anything. Went with crab bisque and and charbroiled oysters to start. Both were very good. Followed that up with the grilled mangrove snapper topped with crab.  It was very tasty. Finished the meal off with the cobbler and ice cream. It came in jar and was the first time I had it in jar. It was one of the best cobblers I have had. The restaurant is very clean and felt new.  The staff was very helpful.Awesome food and great service.  On St Charles Avenue it had outdoor and indoor seating.  They have a quick meals for lunch that are wonderful.  Bartender suggested the soup du jour.Best shrimp and grits I've ever had. I'm only in NOLA for a day and I might come back again for dinner and get the same thing.
Update: I doubled down on shrimp and grits.  I mean I literally just ordered another plate at lunch.Intercontinental and the Rockefeller oysters were amazing. Our waiter, Johnny was extremely friendly and attentive. Atmosphere and music playing faintly in the background but at just the right volume set the mood.First time! Great appetizers. We tried the lobster tail, sliders, chili shrimp, soup trio, oysters and ceviche. All very good a little pricey though for portions.Nothing exceptional about this restaurant besides the friendly wait staff. The fresh fish of the day was average at best. The crab trio was bland and truly missing of crab flavor considering all the opportunities. The pork cracklings appetizer was fantastic but not enough to save the meal. Nothing wrong with it per se, just a missed opportunity in a town overflowing with exceptional options.Great tasting food, but very very very pricey for portion size.  If you love oysters, they have a great menu. They also have a very cool looking surfboard filled with stuff to share if you like sushi/seafood. If you don't,  you might want to skip this place and head somewhere cheaper bc New Orleans has so many wonderful food options. Connected to the hotel, so finding the bathroom was comical after one strong drink. Classy looking place.Enjoyed a lite dinner of Cauliflower Steak, Garlic Bread with Red Bean Butter, and Boudin Balls. The waiter dropped off complimentary cracklins with red bean butter too! Overall the food had great flavor and was served quickly. The only negative was we were seated quickly at 10pm, but service was slow and it was very noisy.We had a wonderful time, the service was awesome and the food was amazing!!! It was a great way to celebrate Father's Day and a birthday!!This place was fantastic, I got the gumbo and boudain balls. Both were incredible. Excellent service as well.This place is beautiful and worth the stop! I had oysters during happy hour and also the blue crap soup and Cuban sandwich that were all delicious. Must try their cocktails!!!!Working at a conference in NOLA and ended up having dinner here with coworkers. Although it's located inside the Intercontinental Hotel, the food was actually good.  
I had the smoked baked oyster with bacon and cheese; and a seafood stew.  Both were pretty good, a little heavy on the salt... however still better than the tourist trap we went to the previous night at Palace Cafe. 
My coworkers had fish and they enjoyed it very much. 
Decent price, not overly insane expensive. Overall a good meal in NOLA (without all the fried-ness and grease).  Happy feasting!Went here for dinner a few weeks ago with a friend that was in town. We stumbled onto it by accident and we're glad we did. We didn't have reservations and they fit us in very quickly. Everything from appetizers and entrees to drinks and desserts was fantastic. And the service was on point also. Was very pleased and look forward to returning.Great food, gruyere oysters are killer, blossom of flavor! Fish du jour is always solid...Great restaurant in New Orleans. The food was good. The service was even better. We had a waiter who was almost invisible but made sure we had everything we needed. That's what I like! My wife had the crawfish pie and I had gumbo. Both were delicious. My one caveat was the pricing. The food was good but it didn't match the pricing. If I pay almost $20 for a bowl of soup, i want it to be memorable. I would probably come back to this place to try some other menu items because they all sounded interesting.Excellent food. 
Must try: Crawfish pie, cauliflower steak, and Ceviche raw oysters. 
Very good: Stinky stew, and Blue crab bisque, and alligator tamale.  
Average: Grilled oysters
Service: Good but slow.I loved everything I had here.  I ordered frog legs which were EXCELLENT.  This was the first time I tried frog legs and Trenasse did it justice.  When people say it tastes like chicken, they werent lying, only that it was better than chicken. I ate all the legs.  They were fried with a buffalo sauce on it.  For my entree I had the stinky stew.  This was excellent-the perfect medley of crab legs, shrimp, mussels, clams, and fish and they also provided a crabcake po boy to accompany it.  It was perfect.  The stew itself was bursting with flavor.  I am very glad they let you take your drinks up to your room or to the rooftop pool.  The french 75 was good.  I drink mine a little different-so I had mine with whiskey.  Last time I had it with brandy.  It is very touristy here, so even though they are not on the cheap side, some people are dressed casual.My wife and I were visiting New Orleans during a cross country trip for our 31st anniversary and we stayed at the Intercontinental hotel on St. Charles. While there, we visited the bar inside the hotel (For the life of me, I can't remember the name of it) and we had a wonderful time. The drinks and atmosphere were fantastic (and the oysters; they were to die for). Our bartender was Craig, and he was great! I usually refrain from reviewing restaurants and bars, but because of Craig's service, my wife and I want to let people know that they should definitely ask for him if they are staying at the hotel. He is extremely courteous and very knowledgable of mixology and what the bar has to offer. My wife usually drinks margaritas and often complains that they are made poorly, but she was pleasantly surprised at how delicious Craig's were! He is a very smart guy and we had such a good time eating oysters and talking with him. He told us about many fun things to do while we visited the city and he was right about every one of them. It was as if he was our bartender and tour guide! In summation: ask for Craig and you won't be disappointed!!This is probably the most disappointing dining experience I had in New Orleans. The atmosphere was great but the food... we ordered the raw and intercontinental oysters. The oysters were not so fresh, especially for the raw oysters. The grilled ones has sand in each one of them. We tried Lüke which is across from this one, same price, not so high class atmosphere but the food was much betterAmazing food every dish was better then the next small plates left feeling great and not stuffedWent here for dinner looking for some local flavors. I was not disappointed. I had the gumbo and crawfish pie, both excellent choices.Good stop for HH! Their HH is everyday from 3-6 PM. During HH, raw oysters are $0.75 each, but the broiled oysters are still original price ($12-15) for half a dozen. They also offer other dishes for HH prices. I most definitely recommend the blue crab bisque soup! It's so creamy and smooth. Full of flavor. I'm craving it as I write this review. Yummy. The crawfish pie is sooo goood. The crust on the pie is so light and flakey. They actually put a lot of crawfish in the stuffing, and the grits that come with the crawfish pie is so flavorful and delicious. Highly recommend. It's also on the HH menu! Okay, onto oysters. The intercontinental char-grilled oysters are so good. The flavor is there, and the oysters are big and juicy. The smoked gruyere and pancetta broiled oysters were also delicious and juicy. Winner in my book. I would pass on the garlic butter broiled oysters next time. They didn't taste anything special, and the flavor was lacking in my opinion. As an entree, you must, must, MUST get the crispy whole fish. Oh my. It's so delicious and so filling! My boyfriend and I got it the first time we dined here, and it filled us up! When we had initially ordered our dishes, we had ordered another entree. However, our server told us the fish would be more than enough for the both of us. He was right. He cancelled our second entree, so +1 for him not trying to up our bill. I will definitely come again and again.Trenasse is overrated and expensive. Firstly, the noise level was very high. Although a lovely space, it is not at all intimate because of the noise. Secondly, the servers were not friendly. None of them smiled. Thirdly, the prices are not $$ but, rather, are $$$. It is an expensive restaurant in an expensive hotel so it probably gets 4 stars from business travelers who are impressed by small portions for big bucks. Which brings me to the portion sizes. Very small portions. We ordered the grilled grouper with sautéed local vegetables. The grouper was puny.  The vegetables were just ok. I could taste raw garlic so I didn't really eat them all. And, they served the worst Bloody Mary I have ever had in NOLA. Finally, they were out of the featured dessert at 6:15pm because "they make it fresh every day" !?!?!?!?!?!  Our waiter told us to come back later. On the other hand, the grouper was excellent. The house Chardonnay available for $5 during happy hour was very good and the happy hour pricing for oysters on the half shell is good - $0.75 each.  I wouldn't go back and could only recommend them for the happy hour oyster prices.Ok, so... We knew it was gonna be a nice place before we got there but it was really more than I expected. The oyster platter was really impressive. The Ribeye was fantastic too. I just wanted a little better wine selection by the glass.First time I let yelp reviews influence me.  Great choice!  Best meal I've had in NOLA. 
I've not been into all the soupy, sloppy dishes I've tried in NOLA, Trenasse was awesome. 
I had the crab cake, short rib and something resembling pot pie, with grits- first thought was NO.  This was the dinner special and it was wonderful.If I could give it 6 stars, I would. Reservations usually aren't needed, but on Yelp it said they allowed pets, so I made a reservation through OpenTable and noted that we have a small dog. I received a call from the host who informed me that only applied to service animals, but she offered to set up seating on the patio for us and the dog. The patio had an awning and it rained hard but was still in the 70s. We had the gumbo, the blue crab bisque, a shrimp entree and mahi mahi. For dessert it was beignets and peach cobbler. Everything was spectacular. Our server was the most attentive server I have ever had...which is especially great when you're the only party on the patio and servers sometimes forget about them. Ours was Johnny on the spot. We were on a long trip across the country and had been doing a fair bit of fast food and takeout, so it was nice to have a great dining experience.Jaraud and Tony were awesome. We loved the food and the experience! Conversation was great, informative and we learned a lot about New Orleans! They made us feel welcomed and a million dollar experience. We will be back!!!!Great service. Excellent food. Ate too much! So took a star away for my own gluttony! Oh, that's not fair. Gave them the star back. Had the swordfish, salad and delicious chocolate torte. Wonderful.Very happy first stop for eats in The Big Easy! We happened to go during happy hour, and loved trying a variety of items instead of one bigger meal...although the local fish selections were very tempting! Johnny our server suggested a great "local" salad, the CBD, off their menu that was great and added some "health" to our meal.I went here for Happy Hour. The service was excellent and attentive even though they were busy. Happy hour prices for drinks were very reasonable as low as $5.  Unca Dukes bbq shrimp was very good. I disagree with other reviews that said they were salty. They were just right with A strong taste of Worcestershire sauce. My only issue was that the shrimp size was small, so for $7 you got 3 small sized shrimp. I also wished the toast were served not on the sauce because it soaked up the sauce and I needed the taste of the plain bread to balance the strong sauce of the shrimp. The crab bisque was very good but not excellent. It was very sweet and had a good amount of crab pieces in it, but the bisque itself was not so rich and creamy.Food is amazing but the SERVICE is better ! The atmosphere is awesome but I really can't get over how attentive staff is. From the moment we sat down until we left they made sure everything was perfect . Julio was our sever and really was a genuine guy, ask for him!!!!Great atmosphere, service was impeccable. Only complaint was bisque was not good at all. I'm thinking that since it was end of a busy festival day maybe they had ran low and was just trying to make it stretch by adding water. I've read other reviews about the bisque soo that's my only theory ‍Frog legs were amazing! We came here solely for them because I wanted to try some while in New Orleans and they were perfect. Walked in around 6 and got a table immediately. Had the veal chop which was on the special menu and the short rib- both were great. Had a buttermilk tart for dessert  which was amazing! Good drinks, great dessert and an all around great meal.Food was good. I enjoyed my meal. The crab trio could have more crab but otherwise everything was good. The charbroiled oysters were yummy. The blue crap soup was ok. I would possibly return here in the future!!Really good food, ordered the crab and it tasted amazing. The fries were okay, service was awesome. Would come here again.Great tasting food but truly small portions. I don't like the idea that prices are hiked because it's a huge tourist spot. I want my soup to be more than 6 ounces. This isn't the movies and I'm not on a diet. Feed me, that's what I came for.Today I had the pleasure of a lunch with friends in New Orleans. 
Our luck began with a warm hello by our server Joseph Evens. Joseph made the meal a five star experience. Because of the supreme service we received I'm happy to leave this review.
The restaurant is adjacent to the Intercontinental Hotel and valet parking couldn't have been easier.
The interior is nicely lit and impressive carved wood stools, table and settee are an introduction to the earthy comfortable dining room.
The table tops are slabs of beautifully finished wood, but
a great table is only as good as the food on its surface.
Our appetizers, shared by all, Mac and Cheese, pasta well cooked, creamy and yummy, Chili Shrimp, fried to perfection and served with a mango slaw, and Duck Lettuce Wraps, the duck is served on bone with romann lettuce with grilled vegetable served with a pepper jelly sauce. Delicious.
My entree was the Fried Oyster Salad, plump fried oysters served over a salad of fresh greens and corn.
Dessert was the Bread Pudding Sunday, wow is the best description I can offer. Try it you'll love it.
As this review began now it ends. This was a wonderful afternoon with great friends, good food and an excellent server, Joseph Evens.Lovely restaurant and happy hour. Their Oyster is the freshest and juicy out of all the places we tried in New Orleans.Normally I stay away from restaurants located within hotels.  I am so glad I read other reviews and decided to give this one a try.  Everything was superb and our service could not have been better.  The prices are some of the most reasonable for that caliber of food that I have had in New Orleans.  I will definitely go back.Awesomeness!   I had the fresh fish and my husband had the bisque, oysters and crayfish pie.   All were beyond expectations!Very... good , was little confusion with my order, but it's Ok ..
Light lunch :
Soup Blue Crab Bisque $ 7 cup ( very good )
Charbroiled oysters $12 ( very good )Great Fowl Gumbo and..... The stinky stew is delicious. I am not sure why this place is not as popular than the one across the street.Everything we ordered was fantastic！ Our server was friendly and professional. If you don't know what to get， try taste of Tranasse！A great Sazerac and amazing Crawfish pie. That's all I had and I will be back since the food was excellent. Ambience and service good. It's a hotel restaurant with street entrance. If was stand alone, they would likely have more life and energy. Again, food worth the trip.Went for lunch. Great ambience. Ordered the blue crab bisque and lunch salad with grilled shrimp. Everything was delicious. Our server, Jonathan, was very attentive and professional. Had such a wonderful meal that we made reservations for dinner the night before we say goodby to NOLA. Hope to return again soon. Would definitely recommend this restaurant to my friends.Good lunch. They do a nice soup/po boy combo. Gumbo and bisque were both good. My wife got the Shoyster, but just shrimp (doesn't like oysters, nor do I). It was good. Similar for my popcorn fish. Nice atmosphere. Think we got out for $30 for the two of us. Probably more like a 3.5 than 4, but I'll give them the benefit.This was our second experience at this restaurant.  Our family of 7 was here to visit New Orleans and stayed at the Intercontinental.  This location is independent of the hotel.  Our server, Kathleen was fantastic.  Very knowledgeable of the menu and catered to our special requests to the best of her ability.  We have become fond of the Turtle soup and the crab bisque.  The turtle soup we are told is a rarity - so we were glad to hit this twice.  The chargrilled oysters are great - cooked perfectly and popping with flavor.  The lobster tail with fried green tomatoes, cauliflower steak, and shrimp all equally as good. 
Decent selection of NOLA beers to choose from.  Not a craft beer snobs heaven, but you can get by.  
It was a pleasure to be served by Kathleen - she was there when we needed her and had a great sense of humor.  
I'm sure we will dine here again before leaving.Looks like just another hotel restaurant - don't be deceived; it's a restaurant within a hotel, and there's a big difference. 
We walked in with minimal expectations after a long day at Jazz Fest and a night after a very disappointing dinner at one of the French Quarter's highest-profile establishments. We walked out highly impressed after raw oysters with ceviche' on top; a wedge salad; another salad called CBD (for Central Business District), with lots of fresh ingredients; and a delicious ribeye seasoned with finely-ground Andouille sausage, priced at just $28.
The only real downer was the noise in the dining room. It was screaming, so we sat outside and and shared an adjoining walkway with teenage skateboarders and their unique clattering sounds - they treated us to an impressive assortment of F-bombs.Service here was super slow, despite not being totally full, but everyone seemed busy and rushing about, so that was strange.
I got the half dozen oysters (10$) and a gumbo-as-entree (17$). The oysters were fine, nothing special. The gumbo was super strongly flavored -- not spicy, just flavorful. The bread that came with the gumbo was mediocre though.Not that great. 
Pros - Redfish was lightly battered and well cooked
Cons - Overpriced and meager portions
Crawfish pie was doughy/undercooked
"Double" Margarita was pure sugar
1 oz portion of crab added to entree = $12
$60 for a meal for one that wasn't all that satisfying.Traveling with a pup who needs outdoor space. No dog menu but they allowed him on the patio & loved him. 
Crawfish mac 'n cheese is a must appetizer! 
Had the jimmy po'boy. Great flavor. Split both with a friend & were satisfied. 
Quiet outdoor patio. Happy hour starts at 3:00pm.I tried one of the specials and it did not disappoint. Great sheepshead fish seared in a pan and so moist and flavorful. Had a great meal here with several colleagues and our server Kevin was so helpful and attentive. I loved the separate room for our group of 12 providing a wonderful ambience and sense of community. A beautiful night of friendship, elegance and great food and wine!Fantastic ambiance if you want to sit at the bar or have a date. I sat at the oyster bar and had great service. You should definitely  try the ceviche oysters which were phenomenal. The crab bisque wasn't that good. I should have known when they brought it to me and I saw the light color that it was going to be too much heavy cream and not enough flavor. I am a huge fan of key lime pie and it was an off the menu recommendation from the server. I decide to give it a try and it was excellent.Simply: if you have a chance to go, go. 
We went here because a) it was relatively close to where we were, b) it was two $ instead of three, c) it wasn't completely booked, and d) well reviewed on yelp (duh!). I'll admit I was dubious given that it's located in a hotel, but I go where the reviews and food lead me, and this time didn't disappoint. Alphie, our server, took great pride in our enjoyment of the food, especially as we dutifully followed his recommendations. There were many things we wanted to try, so we ordered several dishes, about the size of a first or second course, and split them all but dessert. We had the special gumbo--crawfish and shrimp-- and it was delightful. Complex flavor and tasty. Next came the duck confit lettuce wraps--perfectly cooked duck with an interesting pepper jelly. It was solid. Then came the fried green tomatoes on shrimp étouffée (really good!) and the piece de resistance: the CRAWFISH MAC n' CHEESE. omgGETit! We polished our one "nice meal" of the trip with apple strudel and coffee milk cake. Perfect all. Alphie was great and did not lead us astray--and he has a fun personality to boot. 
This is a "hidden" food gem with great NOLA inspired fare. GO.I am quite impressed with Trenasse. I had dinner here with my team and we were able to try a few different small plates before settling on main dishes for each person.
The frog legs were good, as was the BBQ shrimp. I think we may have had a third item but I can't remember anymore.
For my main dish, I had the fish of the day, which was cobia. This was my first time having cobia and I fell in love. It was served with a hash of some type with corn (and maybe bacon?) and it was very good as well.
I'm not dying to go back right away, but I'll definitely think of Trenasse the next time I want seafood.Love everything that I have tried here. Especially the chargrilled oysters. The drinks are great also. Great staff too.I came into town for the Beyonce concert and wanted to eat at a restaurant that wasn't on Bourbon street. I would definitely recommend the Crawfish pie, probably one of the best dishes I tried during my visit. Very well seasoned and a good portion of food. I didn't care for the little side of grits it came with --because i don't like grits. The garlic French bread was also great and they should definitely make that the complimentary appetizer instead of the fried pork skin (gross)  they give you. The oysters were also well seasoned!  Other than that, service was great, cool atmosphere, and all that.Excellent food. I had a duck-breast dish with lentils and brussel sprouts. My husband had the stinky stew. Beautifully served and delicious.On my last night in New Orleans, I stayed at the Intercontinental, which is how I ended up at Trenasse.  Restaurant is nice, service was ok.  
I was wearing leggings and a shirt, which may be why although the restaurant was empty, I got seated in the back.  The restaurant slowly filled up- the crowd here is definitely older.  Not many people were in their twenties.  I recommend dressing a little more polished than casual.  Ordered the steak and oysters, both were OK. not bad, but had much better food for less money at many restaurants in New Orleans.Spectacular.  We went on Christmas Eve, and even with a reservation had to wait a bit, but we solved that problem with a bottle of Planet Oregon Pinot Noir, and hung out while we waited for our table.  From start to finish, the wait staff is friendly and efficient.
The creativity on display here is worthy of restaurants like Root and Square Root, but with a New Orleans vibe.  The "Cajun Nachos" aren't nachos at all, substituting perfectly made Cajun cracklins and slabs of pork belly over spicy bean puree. The grilled oysters were as good as you can get in NOLA (we didn't have any raw ones, but will remedy that on the next visit).  The crab stuffed squash is literally so good that I can't recall liking a new dish in a restaurant *this much* in ages.  Perfectly cooked quail with lettuce wraps.  Washing all this down with a shared bottle of Gigondas made it one of the most memorable restaurant experiences in recent memory (save Square Root, which is also in the spectacular category, and to which we will also return soon).
We split a bunch of dishes between four people and recommend that you do the same, because picking will be difficult.  The menu is loaded with fantastic, and for the first time (ever?) I didn't see a single thing that I wouldn't expect to love.
A gem of a restaurant and now in my top 5 in the city.  Be sure to make reservations before showing up--it's a small venue and word is likely to spread quickly.  It's that good.Amazing food. Great place for a date, but casual enough that we didn't feel embarrassed for the huge mess we made with the seafood.
The Buffalo frog legs were amazing. I don't think chicken wings will be the same for me again. The stinky's stew was awesome. A huge portion of perfectly cooked seafood.
But what really made our day was the Creme Brulee. I always finish Creme Brulee at a restaurant with a touch of regret of not lasting long enough. But the Creme Brulee here is huge and perfectly done. No regrets there!I am in love with this gorgeous restaurant filled with an even more precious staff. I was going to start with the oysters. Well 18 perfectly topped and broiled oysters later I only had room for dessert! Once again a perfectly warmed peach tart topped with vanilla and caramel sauce. Go, just go. Its across the street from Luke. You will have a perfect meal from start to finish!The dishes at Trenasse are either a hit or miss for me. Some are delicious while others are mediocre. For the price I would expect consistently delicious food, so I was somewhat disappointed.Excellent oysters on the half shell,  delicious wedge salad with green goddess dressing and perfectly prepared medium rare filets with onion strings and blistered Brussels sprouts over a veal reduction. Seriously great dinner and excellent service as well.Enjoyed a wonderful dinner here with our party of 9. The food was wonderful and portion sizes were surprisingly large. Would recommend this as a low key but fancy option for Nola.CBD friends, take an hour out of the office and treat yourself to this little gem in the heart of the Central Business District.  Nestled into the newly (and beautifully)  renovated Intercontinental Hotel is Trenasse.  I still don't know exactly how to pronounce the name, but don't let that stop you from going.  
Trenasse has a fun, colorful new twist to their "CBD salads".  Delicious and hearty, with a citrus dressing that awakens the senses.  White beans and catfish Mondays... make tracks to get this uber delish Daily Special.  I can rant all day about how wonderful the food is, but you're just wasting time reading this when you could be savoring this amazing food!  GO and enjoy!Great food. A definite must eat spot. I was a little sketchy since it was in a hotel. The crawfish pot pie was serious, if you like pot pies, the grits where somethin and that was just like a garnish around the bowl. I ordered just grits to go cause they where so good with just that tiny sample.The food is soooooo good. everything looked delicious. We had the shrimp appetizer which only had 4 shrimp and a big piece of bread but it was tastey. We also had the seafood stew and I had the crab trio. The stew was amazing with all of the seafood and flavors. The crab dish was good too but not very big which was fine since our goal was no leftovers. We also tried the mint julep and I had a nice cocktail. The staff was very attentive which is expected since this place is inside the intercontinental hotel. We came in at 10pm and it opens late compared to everything else which closed at 10. They also gave out homemade  pork rinds with some sort of homemade flavored butter at the free table appetizer (instead of bread) and that was amazing as well. Definitely a nice dinner and a nice night out.Absolutely awful.  I have actually been wanting to come here.  I came here yesterday afternoon with a vendor to grab a glass of wine.  It took 15 minutes to get 2 drinks....without a full bar.  Staff is lazy!  The staff is awful and should ALL be fired!  The staff members talked to themselves at the bar.  The guy next to me whistled to get attention 4 times.  Will never go back.  They will never make it!We were forgotten! Hostess sat us behind a wall, even though the restaurant was empty, at 1:30pm. Our waitress was very cute, introducing herself and was very efficient taking our order and bringing drinks. THEN...she disappeared! A customer arrived, ordered, drank, ate and left in the time we waited for our lunch! I kept looking over the wall and made eye contact with the server, but she never came over to explain the delay! She must've gotten nervous, cause the manger finally brought the food. I complained about the wait and he was very apologetic, blaming it on a multi-tasking chef. He bought us lunch, which was the right thing to do - but what was going on with the waitress? She never checked on us, and hid when she saw me staring at her over the wall!
The food was pretty tasty, but the space is inside the Intercontinental hotel. If you're visiting the Big Easy, as we were, it had No New Orleans vibe or charm; it's where you eat only if you've come in from a long flight and can't drag yourself to the French Quarter, only 5minutes away. 
SKIP IT - Don't waste a meal with sub-par service. Service was AMAZING at the Palace Cafe and The Governor.This place was awesome.  Lian the bartender was outstanding,  the oysters and stinky's stew were delicious!  I will definitely be back.The food was great here. Oysters were fresh. Stinky's stew was the best part! Service was decent, a little slow to start with but got better. Great place in downtown.Stinky's stew was the best way to top off our trip to New Orleans. Flavorful and packed with seafood.
We also had the crab cake lunch salad and it was huge and delicious!Extremely good I realized how hard it has become to have bad food in new Orleans so I will once again say great.  If you have anything here it has to be the crawfish pie you have to it is a unique experience that tastes amazing.  Salty and sweet flaky and got a nice bite to it boom great.  The andouille po boy is great as well had that as an appetizer which was also excellent.  For dessert we had the French donuts and the creme brulé and while the creme brulé was excellent the French donuts were even better especially when dipped.  Banane bread pudding was different but good as well nothing like the donuts though.  Also had their balls I don't remember the name which was good I agree but not like that crawfish pie.  I would like to come here again before I leave but if not someone needs to come here cause it is great and deserved to be raved about.This is a beautiful dining experience with an abundance of great food and delightful flavors!
Kathleen's service  is absolutely phenomenal and a superb part of the enchantment.
This has been our best meal in New Orleans! Your taste buds will thank you!This place was great from the time we called for a reservation to paying our bill. If you ever go request for the server GI super sweet and made our anniversary amazing.  I am a local and I will say there oysters are A M A Z INGThe food is amazing and the atmosphere is fun! Three of us shared three different soups, bread, two fish of the day platters, and the BBQ shrimp! Definitely a must try when you're here and I can't wait to come back!