The menu was so creative!  Everyone in our group enjoyed their food and drinks.  Highlights for me were the Crawfish Fontina Beignets and the Ricotta Gnudi.  My cocktail, the SRP Punk, was delicious.  Our waitress was so friendly and well-informed about every detail of the menu.  The owner stopped by to personally welcome us and asked for our input.  I thought prices were very reasonable.  I highly recommend Trinity!This restaurant has great potential, but unfortunately is not living up to it just yet. The good things from my perspective were these: everyone was friendly, the menu is creative and of a reasonable length, the setting is very nice and a great location, the sommelier was knowledgeable and made a suggestion we liked, parts of the dishes we had were very well executed. I wanted to like this restaurant. The reason I've given this two stars is that the food just wasn't very good. In particular it was not appropriately salted, lacked interest with regard to taste, and the fish had a bad texture. I'm not a great cook, but we regularly eat better food than this in our home, and frankly I had better food than this at a random bar we visited the afternoon before coming.We wandered in here on a Thursday night looking for a snack.  The place was practically empty, which should have been the first clue, but we settled at the bar.   The bartender seemed a little put off by our appearance (close to closing time or something?).  We ordered two drinks and an appetizer of the fried squash blossoms.   
The squash blossoms were stuffed with goat cheese and served with Spanish anchovies and sunflower seeds...and were absolutely dreadful. I don't know how you ruin goat cheese, but they did it.  The textures were all off and the anchovy was too strong for the rest.  We picked at them and finally gave up. 
The bartender saw that we didn't love the appetizer, but didn't acknowledge it directly.  Instead, he said that the wine I drank was on him.  We thanked him and he came to present the check, taking with him the wine I wasn't finished drinking.  So weird.  I usually don't judge a place by one dish, but that dish was so bad I can't even get past it.   
The final nail in the coffin was the bathroom.  You have to go upstairs to get there and then it wasn't really very clean.  I turned on the faucet to wash my hands and the entire front of me got sprayed with water.  Just not a winner for me.We had an incredible dining experience at Trinity. The entire restaurant is beautifully decorated with marble everywhere. A very modern feel once you step inside off of the street. We sat at the bar to have a cocktail before we had dinner. Great service and the great cocktails! I had the SRP Punk and it was soooo good. It's perfectly balanced and so refreshing. Instead of having dinner at a table we decided to sit at the best seat in the house. The chefs table in front of the kitchen. We got to talk to the chefs and see everything being made. Such a great dining experience. We got first hand advise on what to eat from the person making the dish! We had the Ricotta Gnudi as starter and it was fantastic! Such good flavors I highly recommend. For dinner I had the scallops dish and I have to say these were the best scallops I've ever had. Perfectly cooked!!!!!  One of the stars of the fish is the mashed corn on the bottom.YUM!  I highly recommend this restaurant. In a city where food and great restaurants are everywhere this place is at the top of my list.First time in New Orleans. Found this fabulous restaurant. Beautifully decorated, great service & wonderful food. Order the scallops & potato au gratin!Seriously, best brunch in town!! Nicole was amazing and made sure the mimosas flowed!! Thank you for the amazing food, music, and of course, the drinks.Very interesting idea's using New Orleans tradition as a foundation.  Octapus carpaccio, blackened lamb chops, veggie cannelloni did not disappoint.  Open kitchen with bar for dining, tables or booths.  Beautiful modern setting.We had an amazing dinner here on Wednesday. My boyfriend had the snapper, which he said was the best snapper he's ever had and I had the steak, which was amazing. Highly recommend this place!This is hands down the best meal I've had in recent memory. The experience begins when you walk in the door and are greeted with a chic, modern interior - the likes of which shine among the traditional and somewhat tacky interiors of the competition around it. Our waitress' warm, positivity was entirely infectious. She knew the menu in and out and could answer all of our questions at length. Even hours later I can't get the food off my mind. I highly recommend the smoked oysters and the crawfish and fontina beignet, both of which are what dreams are made of. If you're in New Orleans and want a meal that will rock your world then this is the restaurant for you. You simply must put it on your list!Dinner was a disappointment which makes me sad to say. We had reservations at Trinity for dinner. The space was beautiful and it was not too crowded on a Friday night. 
First of all, I am a vegetarian. I am very used to not having something on the menu but the best part of New Orleans is that chefs are usually happy to make me something. Asked our waiter if the chef could do anything for me and he said "no". Didn't even ask the chef or kitchen. (In the end they did make a pasta dish)
Secondly, when we did get food (all at different times) my friends' dishes came out cold. They said the flavors were ok but the temperature was not correct. 
Our service was sub par. I had to ask for a refill of water. We spent most of the meal with empty glasses. The cocktails we ordered took over 20 minutes to come out--- I would have ordered more but we never saw our server. 
We all left disappointed unfortunatelyGreat new restaurant for Decatur street. The space is renovated and modern. Clean and efficient although the long booth marble tables create a need for staff to reach.  If you are forgiving this is a non issue.  The food was delicious - in an effort to be picky (everyone's an expert right?) I say there are too many favors happening at once in some dishes. We started with the duck fat hush puppies - Fantastic - the hog head cheese - delicious - and the Frites - bc you have to know how to make FFs as a price of entry. I had the snapper/avocado dish after the chef told me to and he was 100% correct.  The pecans gave a sweet crust to an amazing fish prepared to perfection.  The lime and avocado stood on their own and blended fabulously.  The second entree were the scallops. This is the dish with too much. The scallops taste of bacon (I suspect backed wrapped or pan cooked in the fat) and that took away from the sweetness you expect from them.  They were served on a mix of what I think were parsnips or yacama. The overly sweet from that mash - the bacon - the scallop.  You get my drift.  The third plate at the table was the beef - beautiful steak - silky mushrooms.  The bechamel suffered the separation that happens when left sitting near heat but the taste did not suffer. We finished with a dark and stormy cake --- NOT ENOUGH CHOCOLATE OR FRESH FRUIT IN THE DESERT MENU.  Ok that's just because one or the other of those things is a good way to finish a great meal. All in all great place that will find its legs. Enjoy.Compared with the typical low key, seafood heavy offerings in New Orleans, Trinity is a breath of fresh air. Upscale with fun food options, the service only makes it better!We accidentally went in there (..we were looking for Cane and Table and thought it had been replaced by this establishment!) But it was a fun and happy accident. 
Bottomless mimosas (with fresh squeezed OJ) for brunch with airy blueberry pancakes! Incredible deal. And there were some energetic drag shows to add to the fun! 
Would go again!The bad cats of the quarter have a new house.. And Kev already has gotten a nice shout out, that did not take long, I didn't think it would..Amazing food, we ordered pork belly and the snapper. The service is great. Everyone's so friendly and helpful, makes you feel like you don't want to leave.We went here last night and wished we had not. The service was deplorable, our server could not be less friendly. Except for the hostess who showed us to our table everyone who worked here had an attitude. I ordered a cocktail, the server left it on the table next to us for another person. The next person realized the mistake and just picked it up and brought to me. He didn't apologize and the lady who accidentally  got it apologized and assured me that she didn't take a sip. Also, it  was lousy. I order the stuffed shells, which was completely inedible. The edges of the pasta were burnt crisp, the basil garnished had charred and turned bitter. I  picked at the filling to keep from starving. We were never offered any bread, which we could see on the other tables. 
We loved everything single thing about New Orleans except for Trinity.Trinity is the bomb.  Walked in and was seated without reservations.  I don't expect that to last to long once this place catches on.
The service was outstanding and we met one of the owners/investors.  Very friendly staff.  
Our oysters were perfect and I had the Chicken 3 ways which was superb.  I was tired of seafood and the chicken was very juicy and tender.  What a great recreation of "chicken."
All our plates had great presentations and the food was better than that. 
It's expensive but we left satisfied and felt we had gotten our money's worth.  If you don't go to the quarter to eat as I heard locals don't, then make a special trip!!
Damn near perfection!! Will return on my next trip to NOLA.The food is good, but the location is so awkward. I'm tired of this New York/LA hipsters of 2009 trying to incorporate a restaurant cause daddy has some fucking money. There are better more of a "trend" restaurants. And If you're a tourist, I wouldn't even think to eat there. Go to Tujague's, go to Arnaud's, go to Broussard's, etc. Go to places that have been around a lot longer than some restaurant that will probably shut down within the next two years. 
You come to New Orleans for culture and the experience; there is no experience there.Excellent - Nicole our server was fantastic.  The fish and chicken was superb.  You must eat here.Absolutely beautiful space and maybe the best meal I had on a recent trip to NOLA. Exceptional staff and wide ranging menu. Be sure to top your visit off with the semifreddo and an espresso!Amazing restaurant! Food was very delicious, even the complimentary bread! We loved it. 
Service was really good as well, the owner walked by to make sure that we were enjoying the meal and experience. Thumb up for everything here!We were lucky enough to get a table on a Friday night. The oyster selection was fantastic. Would highly, highly recommend the baked oysters! So yummy ! Everyone at table ordered different entree and all were so good that we freely shared bites all around.  Get off of Royal and Bourbon streets and find this gem!Made reservations for our anniversary dinner and couldn't have been more satisfied with the food and service here. Food was absolutely delicious and the drinks were to match. They were so accommodating and even the chef came out to see how we enjoyed the meal. Highly recommend this place, also the music was great. Two thumbs up!!!Great place to stop in for a drink. Friendly bartender and staff. Great pride in drinks. Beautiful bar top and atmosphere.Ok, can't believe NOTHING IS OPEN, yet the one place that is IS AMAZING. Clean well designed comfortable atmosphere., yet very down to earth. Food is beyond tasty it explodes in your mouth... must go. Would never imagine the peace by its locationHad a reservation for 7:30 and showed up 20 minutes early. They wanted to put us on a table outside but upon seeing a flying roach out there, we asked if we could sit inside. The restaurant was nearly empty but they said they're all booked for reservations and could only seat us at the bar (for our date). We told them we also had a reservation and couldn't understand why we just couldn't be seated at another table, since literally most of the restaurant was empty. So unfortunately we just had to leave. They wasted our time but the menu didn't look that great anyway. Wouldn't recommend or come back since there's a chance we wouldn't be seated anyway, even with a reservation.Upscale restaurant- very tasty and very interesting dishes - very recommended if you want something more fancyAt  $50 a head, this place was a disappointment. The interior was elegant and service was nice, but that's as good as it got . The first red flag was the Wagyu steak and Brussel sprouts, which were sitting under the stove in trays already cooked, waiting to be reheated. It became clear that this place was a glorified high school kitchen when we saw the lobster for the night come from the freezer. A third of our pork belly was pure (hard) fat from top to bottom, but the waitress said that was expected  Also, when the chefs were plating the food, I couldn't help but notice how the chef's rag was touching the sauce on all the plates as he went from one plate to the next . The last straw was when we saw the chef pass the oysters to the man checking the orders, who cleaned the inside of every oyster with his bare fingers, not to mention that time when he wiped the sweat off his brow with those fingers. The woman beside us said they were the best oysters she ever had, however, so perhaps his fingers don't taste so bad  Food is mediocre, sanitation is questionable at best. Eat at your own discretion.This place was delicious. Was recommended by a local during Mardi gras. Although place was about to close bartender served us. Would totally go back.Simply amazing on every front. Good service ambiance music. Indeed the whole package. And so reasonably priced for such a fine dining establishment. Will be back many times!Very good food. The scallops are a standout as are the broiled oysters. Fontina and crawfish beignets are very rich; split the dish with a friend or two. The coconut bubble dessert with red velvet cake may seem gimmicky, but the cake is undeniably good. Among the cocktails, the old fashioned and the Aranjuez Switch are especially good. Hot, crusty rolls are a plus, too.
Cheerful, pleasant service. I like sitting in the booths toward the rear of the restaurant, although the long dining bar right in front of the kitchen looks great.We just got engaged the night before and this was our first dinner newly engaged so we were wanting it to be great...because, hey we're kinda life perfectionists like that. We weren't sure when we walked toward the entrance of this place if we made the right decision; it seemed a little seedy around the neighborhood, but, then we walked in and we knew we were in our kinda place; beautiful marble tables with just the right mix of modern with classic French Quarter style. We sat with a view of the kitchen...so, we were excited. Then our server came over and she had such a great energy, we immediately knew we were in for a treat. Let me take another second to remark on this aspect, service can really make or break a place for us...it's your first impression before you ever taste anything....so, when it's good you automatically feel ready to indulge, when it sucks we kinda loose our appetites. Whenever we get this kinda all around good vibe about a place; we like to put our order into the servers hands...asking them to just bring us they're top picks in the best order...also, did this with cocktails and boy did she nail it!
This was in our top 2 dinners in NO; we enjoyed every bite of everything and can't wait to come back on our next trip!This place came recommended from a friend, so our group was excited to try the food - worst restaurant of our entire trip. We were sat upstairs and the room kept changing temperatures from very stuffy to freezing cold. Our first server came by to give us waters, I asked for bread for the table after noticing other tables had rolls. She looked at me kind of confused and then said yes in the oddest, most condescending manner. She then walked away and didn't come back to our table. Another server came by to refill waters and we asked about drinks, he said he could take our order and became our server. I asked again for bread and he brought it no problem. Our first round of drinks were undrinkable. Our server did offer to switch out our drinks for something different which was nice. 
The food was a strange mix. The tempura shrimp tasted like dish water. The pork belly was pure, hard fat. The snapper was fantastic, but the chicken was just okay and seemed to be served on a bed of mayonnaise. As the meal was ending, we were somewhat disappointed but nothing crazy. Our first server obviously had some sort of attitude but the second server was fine. 
BUT HERE'S THE REASON I'M GIVING THIS PLACE ONE STAR. As we were heading downstairs to get drinks to go, the server chased us down for a copy of our receipt and then asked us if his service was terrible. We were very confused and said no, why? And he then proceeded to tell us that his %18 tip was the worst tip he's ever received and then stormed off. We were obviously taken aback and confused. The service wasn't fantastic, the food was half disgusting, we felt that %18 is good for what we got. We promptly left, but not before the server came back to give us a half ass apology saying that he made the comment because another server had told him to? Very confusing, so off putting, not coming back and definitely not recommending this place to others.Absolutely delicious food! The bartender was incredibly friendly and produced some amazing drinks! The house brined watermelon garnishes were fantastic. If you're in the area, stop by Trinity! The meatball appetizer and burrata/tomato salads are not to be overlooked! Delicious!I came during happy hour and I was very very disappointed with all the food. It was terrible. The smoked oysters had a funky taste to it. The octopus carpaccio was bland so we literally soaked it in Tabasco sauce. Fried oyster was ok but the picked onions was funkyyyy tasting. I was NOT impressed. Bartender was really nice though but I would not come backVery impressive! We were looking for a place that would be different from typical New Orleans cafes and we found it! Smooth atmosphere, friendly staff and owner, short menu - all as we like. As a starter sweet pork was our best bet! Very unusual but super tasty. Main dishes - strip loin and seafood pasta... It was really good! Macadamia tart was a fantastic way to wrap it up. Cocktails are just as amazing as it could be. Good job! Definitely recommend!We opted to dine at Trinity because the line at Coop's was excessive! This is much more upscale, but equally as good. The fare is very different, however. We had steak tartare and baked oysters for starters, then the snapper and steak for our main course. Delish! Great service, wonderful atmosphere. We'll be back!Nice space, with a large bar in the front and  a large open kitchen in the back with about 15 seats at a counter overlooking the kitchen. It seems like about half the seats in the entire place are at these long "communal" areas along with some nice 4-top booths in the back room and a number of 2-tops.  Honestly, I'm not sure how such a seemingly small kitchen with only 3 cooks are able to take care of everything but they seem to do a good job and our dinner was well timed. For the most part, the food and service were very good, though smoked oysters on a deviled egg ended up being a bad way to start the meal as the oysters were heavily smoked and overpowered the dish while providing no texture or flavor reminiscent of oysters. Even the deviled eggs on their own were marginal, and the crawfish & fontina beignets were fine but a bit on the greasy side - though they had quite a bit of crawfish and were a large portion.
After that however, the ricotta gnudi was perfect and the duck breast was incredibly tender while the roasted beets were plentiful and the flavors perfectly complemented a good bottle of Pinot Noir. We didn't go for dessert but they looked quite good too. The cocktail lis tlooked inventive, and the wine list was fairly large including a large number of glass pours and bottled at virtually every price point. Including a lot of high priced wines of which there were four on the glass pour list at $20-35 per glass for wines that aren't normally available by the glass. The Chablis was Amazing.
Overall, it's a nice restaurant and it was an overall good experience. Not perfect, but the people are nice, some of the food was great, and I'm definitely a fan on my first visit.Amazing service, wonderful modern ambiance and sophisticated food in the Quarter! Avoid the tourist traps, go to a real restaurant...The food is excellent. Oysters, Scallops, lamb, pretty much everything we had. Jacinta is oozing with brightness and personality. All the service is great and the owner is very hands on.This restaurant is very chic and modern, love their marble table. I came here with  girls, so it's good for a large party. The service was alright. 
Boiled oysters (5/5)
zucchini salads (2/5)
Crawfish beignets (4/5)
pork belly (3/5)
Squid ink (1/5) 
Short ribs (5/5)
Overall, it's a beautiful restaurant with good food if you get the right items.Focused offerings with great service from the bar to the table. Local simple and delicious food. Many gluten free and paleo friendly options.Beautiful restaurant. Friendly and highly professional service. Incredible food- highly recommend the crawfish beignets and the oysters over deviled eggs.Review is based on Brunch:
We had reservations and were initially seated upstairs.   There were a couple of large groups and some 2 or 4 tops.  There were two of us and we were seated at a large round table that would have normally seated 5-6.    After seeing the website and the beautiful photos of the restaurant I was very underwhelmed by the upstairs.   I think it would make a great private function area.   However, it was far too noisy for two people to talk.  We were re-seated by the very pleasant hostess, to a downstairs location in a booth across from the kitchen.   
The service:   Upstairs the service was fantastic and I wish we could have had the same wait staff at our new location.   Downstairs we were lucky to get water.   No one ever came to check on us other than to fill water glasses once and to deliver food and to drop the check.    
The Food:  We ordered the brussel sprouts to start.  Our mains were the Sautéed Shrimp & Linguine and the Wagyu Burger & Fries.   The brussel sprouts were tasty and I enjoy this dish.   The burger was fine but nothing special.  The fries however were nice and crispy.  The shrimp linguine was absolutely tasteless.   The menu describes it as:  "lemon / roasted tomatoes / sautéed onions / parmigiano".   There were two roasted tomatoes in the dish and that is all.  It is covered in little flowers that taste like anise which is not in the description and such a flavor that I had to pick them out.  The pasta was not salted and honestly I didn't eat but a couple of bites and the server didn't even ask if I enjoyed the meal.   
Overall:  I would not recommend Trinity for brunch.What a great hidden gem. If you are in the French Quarter and want phenomenal food without the tourist ripoff, go here. Don't go to any of the big name places, they are overpriced and underwhelming. Go here!  You will be floored by how good the food is. It just might be the best in the quarter and that isn't an exaggeration. Even better, there is rarely a line so you're sure to be seated quickly!  Trust me. Go here.We had an amazing dinner at Trinity. We ate oysters broiled, smoked, and in gazpacho. we also had crawfish beignets, delicious sweet pork belly, and much more. 
Every dish was stellar. We sat at the counter and the chefs were engaging and very knowledgeable. Our waitress, Courtney was so sweet and happy to chat with us. 
Everyone from the waiters to the bus boys were so kind and asked us how our evening was going. I couldn't imagine a better and more hospitable experience at this new New Orleans restaurant.After finishing a walking tour through the french quarter, found this amazing place on Yelp. Loved it, will recommend!! The crawfish beignetes are amazing.The food was so good! Started out with 3 different kinds of oysters.  The baked oysters were my favorite!  Cut up oysters baked in a yummy sauce with bread.  Entrees were the steak, the pork & the pasta.  Everyone really enjoyed their meals.  Make reservations.  It became packed around 745.  Nice wine list also!No idea how this restaurant has so many stars!  I was totally taken in by the reviews and made a reservation here for our first night in NOLA.  Honestly, the worst meal of our stay.  The oysters were so small I am not even sure they were whole.  The "Corn Broth and Gulf Scallops" turned out to be more a very disappointing watery corn soup with baby scallops floating in it.  The crawfish beignets had nothing in them.  When my daughter requested a straw for her water glass, the server hand carried a straw to our table and then put it down on the table.  No napkin, nothing.  Generally, shouldn't that come wrapped in a napkin so it is clean?  Just yucky ... Bathroom was also not up to any standard that I was willing to use. Seriously, skip it.  So many other choices.We ate here with 3 out of town guests and had a FABULOUS time! We did their drag show brunch which is on Saturdays. They also have $15 bottomless mimosas. They also offer a 3 course meal for 29, which is a soup/salad, entree and dessert. My friend ordered the brie cheese to share with the table and I ordered the wagyu beef burger and fries. The meat on the burger tasted similar to the taste of a port of call burger. The cheese and honey was impossible to stop eating. Great food, great service, the best ambience! I think everyone needs to attend their drag show. It seems to be a new orle and best kept secret! So fun! Thank you!I was lucky enough to dine at Trinity for a friend's birthday a couple of weeks back and the entire staff made our table feel like VIPs! Multiple staff members greeted us and wished my friend a happy birthday. The bartender came up with a custom cocktail for her based on her clearly defined likes & dislikes. She liked it so much she had 2!
And the food OMG. The food. We started with the baked oysters trinity. And they were amazing, each flavoring complementing but so different than the one before. We then split a couple of appetizers among the 3 of us...I know one was the ricotta gnudi. So different from what I was expecting but super tasty. Then the 3 of us split the vegetarian polenta dish and the linguine seafood dish. OMG they were both simply amazing. Really really delicious.  Did I mention that the bread was simply amazing too? It's made by the inhouse pastry chef. I tried to hoard all of it but I friends made me share. 
After our meal, our birthday girl had bread pudding with a candle in it... At this point I thought I might explode. So of course, we ended up concluding with small glasses of port. 
The staff was on point and super helpful and patient with our birthday silliness. The renovation is gorgeous!!! I have not eaten in this space since the 90s and I cannot believe it's the same place. So light and gorgeous and yes, still an open kitchen. 
Definitely a great spot for a special occasion or just because you deserve some delicious food. Now I want to stop by on a regular night for a cocktail and app...The food here was pretty good, but I wish the portion sizes were slightly larger for the price. The seafood, according to my husband who ordered snapper was not fresh at all (we are Florida residents). My pasta shells were good but not as flavorful as I would have hoped. I probably wouldn't choose this restaurant as a top choice when visiting New Orleans.I know I should be eating seafood in New Orleans but I was craving a steak and this place definitely over delivered on my cravings. The steak was so tender and the truffle flavor was just right. The atmosphere is adorable. If I go back in a smaller group I would love to sit on the balcony upstairs!Great food!!! Loved the fennel salad and the crawfish beignets!!! I did not die for the baked oysters because I love the raw ones, but my husband did love them! Great service and ambiance! Would definitely recommend !This was my favorite dinner in New Orleans. The menu was overwhelming with good choices when I spotted something on the menu that said, ask your server about chef's choice. Yes! You can get a 3, 4 or 5 course dinner plus dessert for a set price and the chef decides what you eat. What better than the chef deciding? He knows what the best items are!
Each course was delicious. Delectable. Creative. Beautiful. Flavorful. I was ready to bust at the end but I couldn't stop! 
The service was amazing. The owner came by to check on us. Everything was just perfect. Even the music was fun and perfect. 
Highly highly recommended.What a wonderful end to a few days in NOLA. Chef Michael put together an awesome 4 course tasting menu (just ask your server about options) and we had stellar service from Jacinda.  My daughter, who is vegetarian and typically does not eat meat or fish, loved the red snapper dish and oyster starter. I loved it all!  They even worked in a wine pairing that flowed with the whole tasting menu.  Beautiful space and wonderful experience. Thanks again to the whole staff for a great evening!Really liked this place. At peak dinner time, they squeezed in our party of five, even without a reservation. Very friendly service, and the food was delicious. I didn't care for the brie app we shared, as it tasted a bit goaty. However all of the entrees were fantastic, especially the red snapper - the best I've ever had! To top it all off, they serve a delicious gruner, which was perfect on a warm evening.Hit or miss. Trying a little too hard to be fancy and inventive that they lost some flavor. The snapper and bread was good, the polenta and fennel salad was ok. The crayfish beignets were too greasy for me. And the coconut dessert was disappointing. Dessert should leave you with a memory. They didn't charge for the dessert because I didn't like it. It had potential with a red velvet cake inside but it lacked the cocoa flavor it should have. Let's just say it tasted like a badly made cake pop swimming in coconut water bubbles that tasted like the dish soap they resembled.Somewhat pricey but the food was prepared with thought. I had oysters three different ways favorite being the baked. I also had the bone marrow and crab which was probably my favorite dish of the night. Would definitely come back.We were actually just walking by when the absolutely wonderful manager Robby, invited us in. At first it was because of his warm and welcoming friendly personality that we decided to stop in. The ambience and decor give the establishment a sleek modern vibe. However it fits in wonderfully with the New Orleans culture. We had a few craft cocktails that were absolutely divine. And it it is definitely a place we will visit again in the future.The food is delicious. It's southern with a flair. The preparers are meticulous and the consistency is perfect. Definitely the best food I had in New Orleans this trip!Horrible and rude management. Food was yummy, but the service left a sour note in my mouth. Had a reservation for 9:15pm for a large party, didn't get seated until an hour later. Had a mixup with the price of a wine we ordered. The MANAGER rudely said he didn't have to do anything nice for us. RepulsedGreat food, terrible service. 
We had 9 PM reservations for our friend's Bachelorette party. When we arrived we found out that our table was still being occupied by another party. After waiting AN HOUR AND FIFTEEN MINUTES (past our reservation time) we were finally seated. While we were waiting, the manager came out and assured us that he would do something nice for the trouble of waiting. The waiter and the food were great. The beignets and the frog legs were some of our favorite dishes. However, once we received our bill we realized that they had served/charged us a bottle of wine that was triple the price of what we had originally ordered. When we asked the manager about it he became very defensive and then rudely told us that "he didn't actually need to do anything nice for us if he didn't want to." 
It was unfortunate that the manager's terrible attitude ruined our friend's special night because otherwise we liked the restaurant. However, we will be sure to not recommend Trinity to anyone because the food is not worth the hassle.Perhaps I had a bad experience / new server / the chef was having a bad day, but damn, very disappointed. 
The food was mediocre for the price and the service was no good. When you're thinking about where the server is and asking the same questions 3 times, you know the focus is not where it should be. 
There are way better places in the city to get food. Don't go here.Beautiful, modern and spotless. The smoked oysters with local caviar might just be one of the best things I've ever eaten. John, our server was polite and prompt. Good date night spot!Excellent dinner.  We had the crispy pork belly, soft shell crab, crawfish beignet and the wagyu steak and ALL were amazing.  This place should be considered a must-visit during your stay in The Quarter.
Also, Adam is a top notch bartender that will make you a drink to match your mood.  Total pro!Hit it out of the Park!  Incredible service, crazy good food and amazing ambience on the balcony upstairs. Great music coming from across the street made for a magical night !Great new spot in the quarter. 
We sat at the bar and had some oysters and cocktails. Great upscale place for cocktails without the pretentiousness!ATROCIOUS.  STAY AWAY.  We waited over two hours for our main course which never arrived as we had to leave for a jazz show that we told our waitstaff about when we ordered.  The manager's inept attempt to mollify us was not to charge us for the main courses that never arrived.  Where do you pay for something you never receive?  When we expressed further displeasure, he was combative and rude, telling us it was what it is as he walked away.  This restaurant is what it is.  Do yourself a favor and eat somewhere else.Called in because it looked nice. Stayed for the amazing food and the wine list. The snapper was excellent and the staff were super helpful. Recommend sitting upstairs out on the deck and watching the passing parade. Glad we stopped thereThe server Jacinda was the best server ive ever had. She was kind and knowledgeable about everything. One of our guest had a food allergy and she went above and beyond to service us. I loved everything about the night. Food was amazing..music was great.. wine was even better.Outstanding service (thanks John G) impeccable culinary experience from the Duck Confit to the desserts. Bravo chef!
Also, FANTASTIC music and atmosphere. We will send everyone we know that is headed to NOLA.First time back in New Orleans in about five years and I stumbled across this gem.   They don't have much for classy joints down in The Quarter, but they do now.   The food is a modern twist on Creole classics executed extremely well by  Executive Chef Michael Isolani.   I had raw oysters, crispy pork belly and the blackened lamb chops.  Food was spot on.   They also have a very extensive, world class wine list that their wine director Kevin Durand put together.   One of the best well rounded wine lists I have ever seen in New Orleans for sure. The decor and overall look to the restaurant is really spectacular.   They also have an upstairs with balcony to check out the people on the street while you dine.    Stop in check these guys out,  you won't be disappointed.Very good- exactly what I was looking for. They did not have the soft shell tempura crab, so tried the tempura frog legs. Nothing wrong with the prep, just found them bland. The "pasta of the sea" and scallops were awesome! Also highly recommend the summer squash with Monchego and chorizo- delicious! Deserts were okay, satisfied the pallet but not memorable.Great food, friendly staff.  Loved the pork belly appetizer and the baked oysters.  Reasonable prices for the quality.  We watched the St Patrick's parade while we ate on their balcony  
The smoked whiskey in the bar was great. 
They will see me again.Octopus carpaccio was not good- gritty hummus didn't go well with octopus. Made the dish taste like frozen fish. The snapper and ribeye entrees were delicious as was the pork belly app. Pineapple upside down cake tasted like it had chemicals in it and the hazelnut dessert was terrible too. Both decaf and regular coffees were undrinkable, and I never turn my nose up at coffee. Cocktails were nice. Waiter was very nice, but it took forever to get out of this place once it started going downhill at dessert. Nice entrees, nice staff but I'll never go back  and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.The team at Trinity created a very cool and marble topped space that dishes out remarkable food. 
Highly recommend doing a tasting menu with paired wines. 
We did a 6 course tasting seated at the back bar and loved it. You get to sit and enjoy the chefs prepare your meal. 
Has an upstairs that would be perfect for business entertaining.We planned to go with 8 girlfriends. Unfortunately, we had an unexpected emergency come up and I had to cancel the reservation. I have never been treated so poorly. The manager hung up on me once and when I called back, he was incredibly rude. He wouldn't listen, was very short, and basically said too bad when i tried to explain what happened. I'll never go to this place again when I'm in town. Horrible customer service.I'll give them 4/5 because it's a beautiful restaurant, very nice people, and delicious food. Not 5 because their cocktails need some serious work. Just order your basic cocktail or order wine... Also, they're so new (I am guessing is the reason why) that service was veeeeeery slow and we didn't eat our entrees until an hour and a half after sitting....The appetizers (crawfish beignet) were awesome but killing time with appetizers and not so great cocktails can only be fun for so long. But most importantly, the staff was so friendly and attentive. Too bad the kitchen (don't know what was going on) had serious trouble keeping up. I'd definitely come back to give it another try! Beautiful part of town and awesome balcony seating. Just don't plan this in the middle of a "structured" evening and try the crawfish beignets!We r grazing on Decatur..stopped and had pommes 
 frites and smoked oyster on deviled eggs.. just yummy.  The restaurant is all marble.. very beautiful. Andrew at the bar is a sweetheart!
It is definitely upscale and a nice change of pace from the usual dirty bourbon street ..Omg I love the decor it is so chic!!! Beautiful marble table and plenty of seating. 
Pork belly 5/5 yummy crispy and flavored just right
Zucchini salad 3/5 ehh it was okay I like zucchini but the dress was very mediocre it tastes like Caesar salad dressingI saw the menu and had to go inside. I love that it is "American/French" but with local influence. Crawfish and fontina beignets were delicious. Crispy pork belly was my favorite probably because the Creole caramel was amazing and hello, it IS pork belly and it was cooked perfectly. The duck liver pâté was almost too beautiful to eat. Service was great. She asked us if we preferred all the small plates come out at once or if we wanted to slowly enjoy our meal one dish at a time. The owner introduced himself and asked how everything was. I enjoyed my experience here.Decided to try this place because of the reviews.  We were visiting and frankly had our fill of gumbo, jambalaya and usual New Orleans cuisine.  We were pleasantly surprised.  The menu offered interesting choices.  I had the crispy pork belly for an appetizer.  Delicious! Better than bacon!  For my entree I ordered the braised pork shank which was good, but so much food!  But then the best part was yet to come!  The coconut with red velvet and coconut bubbles was out of this world!  Great presentation on everything!  OMG!!!This is an excellent place to bring clients, friends and family that enjoy exquisite food in a very modern setting.  The wait staff is excellent and the team of chefs exceptional.  Highly recommend this restaurant!our experience at Trinity was incredibly disappointing. we had reservations for 8:45 but because of a snafu in our plans, we ended up arriving at 8:15 instead. we asked to be seated early and, despite the fact that there were several empty tables and no one waiting, we were told we had to wait until 8:45. we got a drink at the bar (which smelled horrible - like dirty bar mats and dishwater that had not been changed in days) and watched our empty table sit empty until the host came to get us at precisely 8:46. once seated, we asked the server for a wine recommendation between 2 bottles on the list. he recommended one, then came back and said they were out. when we settled for the other, he came back 10 or 15 minutes later with glasses to tell us the wine was chilling. so we had to wait 15 or 20 more minutes for that. in the meantime, we ordered 4 appetizers - the raw oysters (oddly the origin of the oysters was nowhere to be found as is customary), the chargrilled oyster special, the boudin, and the pork belly. they were all tasty; no complaints. while we were waiting for our appetizers, though, our server seemed to be rushing us to place our entree order. we did so, finally; two of us ordered the snapper, one had the ribeye and one the wagyu strip. an HOUR after ordering, our entrees finally arrived. the snapper was good - definitely the highlight of the meal. the steaks, however, were awful. both were ordered med. rare; the wagyu was seriously undercooked, dark red throughout. the ribeye, on the other hand, was overcooked and was inedible due to the overwhelming taste of freezer burn. when we told our server that it appeared overcooked, his response was "sorry," without an offer to do anything at all. later, when we complained again that it was inedible and tasted just awful, he did agree to remove it from the check but did not offer a substitute or any other solution. after we ate, I used the restroom, and it was filthy. a broken trashcan missing a lid, a rusted over toilet paper stand, empty rolls left out, and a filthy vanity. it all came together - this place has a nice facade, but pays no attention whatsoever to the details that make a restaurant good. I will not be back, and I'm very disappointed our one dinner in New Orleans this trip was wasted here.Wow, one of the best meals I've had in New Orleans. We have an international group in town (including several foodies) and I brought my colleagues here for dinner. We ordered the ricotta gnudi, fennel salad, and fontina beignets as appetizers and then ordered most of the entrees on the menu. Each dish was suberb.
Ambiance is elegant and upscale, while still being relaxed and welcoming. Decor is on point. Service was warm and attentive.
Highly, highly recommend.Amazing food. Well worth it. Great staff and service. I really liked the cocktail menu and the food was the best I'd had during my stay.We came to this restaurant last night, and invited our friends, children, and family. My husband was raised in New Orleans, which typically we go to the restaurants that are institutions. But we have to say this was an incredible experience, with the food meticulously prepared. The wine list was fabulous. We come back here at least three times a year, and will definitely be coming back more in the future.Wow was this place a pleasant surprise! I found it while googling "best restaurants" in NOLA. The decor is marble tables/bar, very sheik. The bread that comes to the table is warm with salted butter that melts in your mouth. We had oysters for an app & they were solid. My husband had the pork shank that was served on top of sweet potato mashed topped with spaghetti squash. Amidst all of this awesomeness there are pieces of pork belly. I had the frutti de mare with Squid ink pasta, it was amazing. Our service was exquisite, the owner introduced himself & asked how our dining experience was. I was very impressed with this place!The restaurant has just opened, so this is a tentative review.  The restaurant is lovely and contemporary.  I love the look of the limited menu.  Service was spotty and slow, and the waitress not fully aware of the menu items.  The menu looked delicious, but the food failed to deliver to expectations.  A little heavy on the salt (and I LOVE salt) for most tastes, and bland in other areas.  I gave it two stars to give Trinity a heads up:  you need work and, being in NOLA, need to do it quickly.  In a town known for its food, your expensive prices will have me dining in other places where I can get food that wows.  I hope Trinity succeeds, as it has great promise, but, again, it needs work.Excellent food!  Duck confi and Pork bellies were killer with great balanced flavors.  Highly recommend the pork shank and seared scallops, but hard to go wrong.  Very clean and polished restaurant with a great atmosphere.  Back bar seating was the place to be.  Lots of care at this restaurant.Stopped in yesterday right after we got into town. So glad we did! This place is GOOD! The service was wonderful. Joanie was very friendly and was extremely easy to have conversations with. We got the crispy pork belly...amazing. The sauce that it comes with...finger licking good! Then had chicken 3 ways. Again, this was delicious. Cooked perfectly. Very glad we came in and will definitely stop back in again.I really wanted to love this place, but I didn't.
The space inside is gorgeous, and they did a wonderful job on the renovation. However, the food just wasn't super great for dinner.
The appetizers were all fantastic really, and I was expecting the entrees to be as well. The pork belly, tempura shrimp, the oysters (I can't remember exactly how they were prepared, but they were fried with an aioli perhaps?) were wonderful. 
The entrees were meh and two of our party's dishes came out ice cold. I don't think I'll be coming here againWe (with my daughter) had late meal there on our last night in NoLA.  The place looked quite nice inside, we enjoyed the decor, but was almost empty, and didn't have positive energy vibe.....  The service was adequate, but somewhat cold.  Pretty good wine list, that is a plus for me.  We ordered bunch of appetizers, and they were mostly good, but not outstanding.  Liked octopus, crawfish and fontina beignets were original, but too filling for my taste.  It is rather pricey too, so it is really 3.5 stars out of 5, but definitely not quite 4.The best food in NOLA! Sophisticated, creative, delicious combinations, very good portions and great service. Book table on the second floor, on the balcony if you can - the best seats with the view!Awesome meal and experience at Trinity last night. Knowledgable server paced us well. Sommelier helped us choose a nice bordeaux. I had the fennel salad with apples and almonds; nicely dressed. Chose the seared snapper as my main dish. Perfectly portioned, awesome dish. We were surprised that we were able to be seated quickly at prime time on a saturday night. They are relatively new. My guess is that if they keep doing what they are doing you wont be able to do that for long! Good ambient music selectionExcellent dinner. Tell Adam the bartender that you want to order "The Joe". Great vibe. Owner was very friendly. Waygu off the charts. 
Yet to be discovered gem...My husband and I went to trinity for the first time last month and had a outstanding meal. All the food was well prepared and great wine selection. Menu stand outs were the oysters, gnudi and wagyu beef. Service and food were both incredible. And we are looking forward to going back soon.Great dinner. Great service. Food was surprising and excellent. 
Oysters excellent. Steak perfect. Goat cheese ice cream- Wow.Great Foie Gras, awesome beef tartare. Nice ambiance and great drinks.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant for any occasion.We stumbled upon this restaurant looking for a late eat since many restaurants stop serving at 9p. Shocking for this late night town so we googled what was open and trinity popped up. It's  decor is absolutely gorgeous from the moment you walk in, there are marble counter tops, open chef tasting like kitchen. The lighting they have installed was impeccable, I could see my food and  really feel like a dining experience. The music rocked too! Great playlist.. All these items made my dining experience pleasantly fun. The APPS are where the money is at, started with the smoked oysters minus the egg. Never have I experience this type and oh my!! It was memorable. We also got the raw oysters, they were so fresh and clean tasted like west coast. We also ordered the crawfish Fontana beignets, grilled octopus. Fantastic! We ordered are entrees which were the lamb and frutti de mar which needs a little less fat and more flavor on both dishes. We voiced our
Concerns and Everyone from the manager, our waiter, the sommelier, the bartender and hostess were gracious on our feedback. They all really made our first dinning experience memorable. We will definitely be back again... Great food, wine, music and service!Food was fantastic!!!!! Place is great. Would def come back. Order the chicken or the steak and make sure you look at the wine list..best in the cityThis place is incredible! Has to be one of the best meals I've ever had...started off with some oysters, crawfish beignets, pork belly bites, all 12/10! Then for the entree I had the pork shank which was absolutely delicious....finished off with the bread pudding and some coffee ice cream bites, also fantastic. Enough about the food, the staff was delightful to say the least...my family and I were even greeted by the Co-Owner William David who is an absolute class act! I would recommend anyone to go to Trinity, the best food and drinks New Orleans has to offer! (Coming from a long time local) I'll definitely be back in the future!Linden the bartender is a master mixologist and an excellent recommender of libations. We loved the place so much we came back a second time. The bar manager was not nice to the guy she was training and we overheard her unprofessionalism. Otherwise the best drinks in town. It is lovely inside..We went to Trinity to celebrate our 30th Anniversary. Initially the staff there thought it was an "everyday" dinner. But when they found out about our celebration the service went from excellent to extraordinary!  3 long stem red roses on the table were with their compliments. 
But my oh my! The food!!  The menu is cleverly divided into oysters, fingers, forks & knives. For oysters we had  - raw with the most delicious in house made crackers you can imagine and the Baked Trinity- get this one! Fingers lead us to Crispy Porkbelly & Duck Fat HushPuppies. The puppies were good but in my next trip there I just may have about 6 or so serving of the Crispy Porkbelly.  We just skipped right over Forks and jumped onto Knives. This chef has totally mastered the art and science of Searing. Both the Steak and Snapper were perfectly seared with a great crisp outside with tender and succulent inside. The Bernaise with the Steak as well as the Avocado/ Citrus with the Snapper accompanied with angelic harmony. We did indulge in a shared dessert of bread pudding with caramelized bananas & vanilla ice cream. Sometimes Bread pudding can be dense and heavy. This was right on in texture and robust flavor. 
Trinity is relatively new but you wouldn't know it. It's definitely a go to and a go back to place!Better get a reservation now because there is no way it will be this easy to get in for long....
Here's what we got:
Soft shell:  Easily the best I have ever had A+++
Oysters: Excellent A+
Smoked Deviled Eggs A
Beef Tartare A-
Crawfish & Fontina Beignets, so good we ordered another plate A++
Duck Confit A++
Seared Scallops A+
Gulf Coat Frutti di Mare A++ Excellent seafood pasta, it really doesn't get any better than this.
Braised Pork Shank A+
Coffee A
8 man dinner, with drinks came out to $816 including gratuity.  We ordered 3 bottles of wine, cocktails and coffee.  At that price Trinity is a steal. 
I would 100% go again next time I'm in NOLA!  Perfect atmosphere, fantastic service.  What more can you ask for from the Big Easy!I've got mixed feelings about this place. The food was fine. Not great, but fine. The drinks were good, but weak. 
Here is the real issue; one server in particular. This woman (not our server, who was a lovely woman) at one point severely, condescendingly reprimanded our group to "keep it appetizing". She reiterated her matronly, snotty admonition to us not once, not twice, but three times.  Why? We were talking about cake. Yes, vagina cake (you know the kind of cake with a doll poking out of the icing?) but still, the topic was cake. We were one of two tables in an otherwise empty upstairs room. The other table was oblivious to us. This woman who was not our server was the only one offended. She really soured our experience.Great birthday meal at Trinity! The food superb, the atmosphere delightful and the service exemplary! It was our first time but it definitely won't be our last!It was my girl's birthday.  I was disappointed in the wait times for apps and wine to come.  The sea urchin was full of flavor and worth the wait.  The Arugula salad was drenched in dressing and not worth it.  The 30+ minutes for a glass of wine was a bit much.  The lamb chop entree was fair.  It seemed like the staff was out of sorts that night.  Overall, not worth the money for what I received, but some cool choices on the menu.  Worth another try.3.75/5 fun and delicious
i wish i would remember to stop in more often. my first intro was a brunch thanks to yelp, and recently was with some former coworkers and friends. we were led upstairs and brought a little more life to the space (read: we were already drunk and were intent on getting drunk-er).
the food is yummy. i think some dishes stand out more than others (basil soup is a refreshing surprise), but generally all good. i don't often feel compelled to go for scallops, but did recently and oof. that is romance on a plate, friends. the crawfish fritters were a fun addition to the table, and so were the spiralized potatoes (i mean, cmon, spiralized!). my table was raving about every dish we got, and the octopus appetizer was also quite yummy - super tender against some buttery potatoes that at first i thought were beets. 
the service is always chill, attentive but not overbearing. my water wasn't ever too low or empty for long, which is always important! they added gratuity for our table of 6 (see beyonce meme), which was ok by us given we were also the table charging our phone at one of the empty tables (=P).
all in it's not quite casual dinner, but for birthdays, out of town, etc. and other occasions definitely worth adding to the list.I came here for a birthday dinner for a group of 9. The restaurant is beautiful, very clean. Service was slow even though were were the only table in the entire restaurant. Every time we needed our server she was no where to be found. The food was ok not great. The seafood pasta was VERY BLAND, it had no seasoning to it at all. The steak was undercooked. We requested for it to be medium rare and received both steaks rare, we returned them to be cooked a little more and they were a smidge better. Really disappointed because the reviews were really great and coming from out of town I was hoping it would live up to those reviews. They seem to do better for brunch so perhaps dinner is not their forte.visiting new orleans we found this place by luck. its some of the tastiest most delicious food we've had and we're from LA. from the decor down to the service it was an incredible experience. i will surely be backSimply amazing!!! Will come back often! Simply ask the chef what's good for the night and trust their judgement.  You won't regret it.Went to Trinity for the first time and was very impressed with everything starting from the atmosphere of the restaurant to the nice staff, drinks and most importantly the quality of the food. We ordered foie gras pie, octopus, pork belly and scallops all of which were taste and presentation wise excellent. The nice deserts added a special touch and nice way to close a very enjoyable dinner. I would definitely come again and also recommend to others.Amazing food!!! Very upscale
Wonderful bar- Lillia was great- great service and very friendly.
The owner came over and introduced himself.
Food was 5 stars!!
Tomato salad was so delicious.
Also the beef tartar!
Stop by for a drink with Lillia- she was so busy but made us feel special.This place is all around amazing. The dining room is gorgeous, or there's a nice balcony if you'd like to eat outside. And the food - absolutely delicious. I've been here several times and everything is executed perfectly (and this is coming from a local). The wine list is good too with some great affordable options. My favorites here are the Ricotta Gnudi, Crawfish Beignet, and the bakes oysters, but honestly its all fantastic. I'm so excited to have Trinity in our neighborhood!Great food and good service! This was a refreshing getaway in the middle of the bustling French Quarter.
We started with the heirloom tomato salad and char grilled oysters. The oysters were amazing! The salad was a little wet for our liking.
For dinner my hubby had the red snapper, which was done perfectly! Absolutely a great dish.
I had the seafood pasta, which was also very good. The pasta was fresh and the shrimp were perfectly cooked.
We had the apple tart for dessert. Rather small and not very memorable.
Overall we enjoyed our meal and would definitely return.I had such an amazing experience at Trinity. My mom and I came to NOLA for my birthday and I saw so many good reviews for Trinity, I decided to try it for my birthday dinner. I was not at all disappointed. We were late for our reservation but we were still seated immediately. The owner himself came to our table and greeted us. He was very lovely. Our waiter, John, was delightful, funny, and very knowledgeable about the entire menu. My cocktail, Where's the Smoke, was absolutely delicious!! We had a pork belly appetizer that melted in your mouth. My mom had a crawfish and fontina beignet, which was mouth watering. I had blackened lamb chops and potatoes. Very satisfying portion sizes! Not huge but definitely not small, you will not be disappointed. The whole staff was so sweet for my birthday. I had on a traditional New Orleans birthday dollar and everyone stopped to wish me happy birthday! It was so sweet. We also got some complimentary champagne for my birthday :-)
I'm  getting long winded now, but long story short, fabulous fabulous restaurant. Definitely a must try!After having dinner here on two occasions, I have to say this is my new favorite New Orleans restaurant. We made reservations both times and were seated promptly. The ambience here is not like any other french quarter restaurant, especially on Decatur but it works. There is seating at the open kitchen where you can watch the chefs masterfully create dishes that not only look like art but taste amazing. The staff is well versed in the menu and when asked to describe a dish will paint a picture of something so yummy you will want to order a little bit of everything. The bartenders are spectacular, and there are some interesting cocktails to try; my favorite is the Brandy Crusta. The music selection lends to a fun and playful atmosphere that pairs well with the food and drinks.  
Things to try:
Brandy Crusta
Crawfish Beignets
Gnudi
Pork Tenderloin
Short ribsWe just walked out. Service is pathetic. Bad vibe. We found this online as one of the better restaurants. However it's not.I enjoyed a delicious dinner on a Wednesday night in August! I ordered the snapper with sweet onion jam, pecans, bok choy, and a delicious sauce. The plate was so beautiful, there were even flowers! It was quiet there, not the liveliest vibe, but it was later and a Wednesday night so I'm sure it would be busier closer to the weekend. I would 100% recommend this restaurant and would love to visit again!Wow!! Hands down my new FQ favorite! Located in the old Maximos on Decatur but redone with a huge magnificent bar and an artful creative menu.The back dining area Chef bar is the place to be. You get a front row seat to (apparently) some of the best chefs in the city. Pre dinner we enjoyed fabulous artsy drinks. Mine a salted peach infused Rye, my husband a creamy pisco. We tried four small plates: the cucumber salmon cups (fresh and delicious) crispy pork belly with a carmelized sugar sauce (meat candy!), fois gras with amaretto jelly (rivals anything we've had in France), and the duck confit served with a delicious  potato salad. There were many more things we wanted to try so I think we'll go back tonight!As foodies, we were very disappointed. Lesson learned: "when in Rome, do as the Romans." We thought we should try something new and up and coming, and were referred to this restaurant by the Concierge. Big mistake. Stick to the many rock star conventional options. 
Review by item:
Baked Oysters: 5*, outstanding flavor albeit overwhelmingly heavy sauce (thicker and heavier than clam chowder).
Grilled Oysters: 3*, because they were sat in the warming shelf or 5+ minutes as we and about 4 other staff members watched the order  and wait for it to be brought to our table. Otherwise would be 3.5-4*. Certainly numerous better grilled oysters in NOLA. 
Raw Oysters: 3*, nothing special and at $16 for a half dozen, overpriced for something that requires zero culinary expertise. 
Bone Marrow w Blue Crab: 3*, basically boring w little flavor and not much blue crab.
Pork Belly: 3.5*, particularly disappointing because we had read so many good reviews, but failed to live up to sophisticated flavors like Myers and Chang  or Tiger Mama in Boston, sauce was overly thick and grilled would have been preferable to deep fried.
Grilled Octopus: 2.5*, oily, overcooked, trying to be spicy but flavor mix doesn't work. 
Rack of Lamb: 3* looked great as long as you don't mind a whole stick of butter for flavoring. 
Bread: 3*, would be 4* if served hot and crispy. 
Service: inattentive, even though there were only 6 diners in the restaurant, including us. 
Management: 2*, due to lack of attention to service as well policy of not extending happy hour specials (4-7pm) to dining guests outside the bar area, even though the whole menu is available in the bar.We placed a reservation for 6:30, showed up at 6:15, and were well received. To start, the waiter was extremely friendly and knowledgeable in the world of wine. Admittedly, not wine connoisseurs, our waiter gave a fantastic recommendation and followed through with fantastic wine as well as food descriptions/recommendations. We were served quickly and very happy with the 1) octopus appetizer 2) lamb chops entree and 3) scallops entree. Would highly recommend all three. Lastly, the atmosphere was optimal--sound level allowed for conversation with appreciable music choice.Beautiful view from the balcony, attentive wait staff, and excellent food.  I had the cucumber salad and ricotta gnocchi with mushrooms.  Absolutely perfect.Best bone marrow I ever had. Everything else was good too. Wish we were in a larger group so we could try more, but was a great meal. Must go back!I discovered Trinity through yelp so had high expectations given its high rating and my expectations were absolutely met. Not only is the establishment cute and quaint but the service is impeccable. The owner was even there with genuine greetings and hands on service. My table had 3 appetizers and 3 entrees, which we all loved. (The cucumber crab cups, octopus chickpea dip, duck confit, lamb chops, chicken 3 ways and pork shank) I'll be recommending and revisiting this restaurant for sure!We went with a large group, and were somewhat disappointed.  The noise level was really high, and it was difficult to have a conversation, even with those just across the table.  Service was slow, and the food--while okay--didn't bowl us over.  There are so many great places to eat in NOLA, I don't think I'd try this one again.We just walked in and sat at the bar. The most fabulous bartender, Nathan made me the most unusual and delicious margarita while my friends had something equally fantastic. 
We were having so much fun that we canceled our dinner reservations and decided to stay for dinner. The menu is very interesting and the food is fabulous. I'm a vegetarian and have many food allergies. Nathan and the chef worked with me to create a fantastic dinner. My friends had ribeye, fillet, and lamb and they all loved their dinner.
This is a wonderful place in New Orleans. So different than a typical touristy trashy places. If you're in town it's a great place to go!I've never seen a restaurant staff in such harmony and who seemed to enjoy each other so much.  The owner truly seemed to value everyone in the place, from employees to customers, and that positive feeling manifested itself as great food and service.  Haute cuisine, but accessible; in other words, you don't need to be a foody to appreciate it, but foodies will be impressed.Booked on Open Table last minute, no issue. It was simple and much appreciated especially because it doesn't seem like it's a popular method of booking in this area and I like using it for convenience. 
The space is absolutely gorgeous! Black and white with modern art to match, fresh flowers at every turn and striking, drool worthy marble table tops! Ambiance and decor on point! Oh, and there's an open kitchen! Love that! 
We were a tad early for our reservation and the kind, smiling hostess sat us early no problem. Hospitality went downhill from there. Our waiter Kit was super unfriendly each encounter and once he dropped our drinks off, we barely saw him again! No water refills and it was at least an hour between the crew's apps (which came about 35 minutes after drinks) and when their entrees arrived. There was so much time in between I had forgotten completely that the girls in my party even ordered any mains! And the place was empty! I thought we were just chatting post nosh at that point. It was atrocious in my opinion. No apology. No concern. He was mixed up and even brought two of one of our dishes. We were in no rush honestly, and the girls I was with overall didn't care too much, but I think Kit should be a shamed. Seemed like a lovely place and we had great conversation over our fantastic cocktails, but he ruined any chance of a future visit for me. It was the only negative service experience of our whole jammed packed trip! What a shame. 
Limited veg options. 
Drag brunch looks like a hoot, but we won't be returning.
Stars for decor, ambiance, cocktails, easy booking and availability only.To begin with the service is incredible from the moment you walk in the door. Ordered the seared snapper as a main course and it lived up to the previous reviews. Great food and atmosphere in NOLA.Excellent food and service! Highly recommendable. Cool interior, friendly staff and delicious food. A great spot in the French quarter.As a New Orleans native I think it's safe to say that this is one of the best restaurants in the city by far. I have come here twice already and am already looking forward to the next time. The menu offers a terrific variety of delicious dishes and the flavors are as stellar as the atmosphere: bold, confident, and fun. 
I can't say enough positive things about this place and our experience there. Totally one of a kind and clearly a heavyweight contender on the competitive New Orleans restaurant scene.  This place can hold its own...and then some. Bring your friends, bring your family from out of town, get lookin good and go have fun. This food is what New Orleans was meant for. Gonna be hard to get a reservation soon no doubt.This place easily became one of my favorite spots in nola the minute we walked in. The marble and gray everything with the perfect lighting made it such a nice atmosphere to be in! The open kitchen topped the appearance! We shared a few of the smaller plates, which I love to do for variety! My favorite was the pork belly. It looked way too pretty to eat, but the first bite made me want to have that as the last bite I'd remember this place by. It was perfectly crispy, sweet, and sticky. The duck confit falls apart! The greens and potato salad complemented this dish well! Also another one of those too pretty to eat dishes. Hehe. We also really enjoyed the combination of bone marrow and blue crabs. They were perfectly salty. Very chill service! Wonderful place worth trying several times since their menu changes about twice a week! GO.Great brunch spot! Unfortunately, we had several no-shows to a large reservation, but the server, Brandon, was extremely understanding and still gave us top quality service. Food was delicious and the cold, bubbly mimosa's kept flowing throughout the meal. Great bar program as well (try the Irish coffee!). Highly recommended!This is the best new restaurant in New Orleans. The food is delicious, the vibe is cool and the atmosphere couldn't be better.Fantastic meal, perfectly crafted cocktails in a beautiful fresh space on Decatur. We stumbled upon Trinity and couldn't have been happier with our evening. Frites - best fries I've ever had. Pork Shank - amazing (though a touch over seasoned). Red Snapper - superb.The owners, partners and entire team have hit it out of the park with Trinity! The French Quarter has been missing a restaurant with this sort of unpretentious charm and sophistication. We only made it through the oysters, fingers and fork portion of the menu but plan on returning to experience Chef Michael Isolani's other delectable creations. Spoiler Alert!!! the Smoked Oyster- Deviled eggs are amazing as is the Beef Tartare... All around five Stars!Halloween night in Nola at Trinity was an amazing surprise. The restaurant has a very creative menu to go along with the scary night theme. 
You can sit close to the kitchen, on the counter watching the cooking action, second floor in a balcony watching folks go bye or quite spot inside. 
The service was amazing; the food was so tasty and the food presentation was exceptional. 
For sure we will be back here again.Here's the gist: I had an excellent dining experience at Trinity and I very much look forward to another visit! Every dish I tried was well-executed and delicious with a completely different taste and texture. The staff was kind and welcoming without taking themselves too seriously (as found in some local fine dining hotspots). My glass stayed full throughout the meal, and they've got the art of restaurant "lagniappe" down; those little extras that really turn a good experience into a memorable one. While this isn't a place I could afford to eat at on a regular basis, I look forward to recommending it to others. 
My first impression? 
With the name "Trinity," I assumed a more standard NOLA-fare menu, and I'm happy to say the chef veered nicely from this. Their menu is small and focused, and the result is that each dish was prepared to perfection. The menu is easily accessible for non-foodies (like myself) to understand, and I found their descriptions matched exactly what I received on each plate, which is rarer than one might think. I walked by  the restaurant several times since their recent opening and immediately thought it would be sterile and lifeless inside. This couldn't be farther from the truth, and I actually came to appreciate the sleek & deliciously-clean look on such a notoriously unclean block of lower Decatur. 
The sticker price here is certainly much higher than anything else you'll see on lower Decatur, but just like Andy Dufresne in Shawshank Redemption, you may have to crawl through a sea of gutter punks to walk across Trinity's marble threshold and come out squeaky clean on the other side. It's worth a wade in that sea for their oysters, their scallops, their snapper, and their frutti di mare. Our table shared a bit of each and every dish was better than the last. 
The food? Fantastic.
Our server(s)? Fantastic.
The atmosphere? Fantastic.
I look forward to reading other reviews as the restaurant gets more established. In the meantime, Yelpers, get out there and give them a shot!The food was excellent and deserves 5 stars but the service and friendliness of the staff was a bit lacking.  The place wasn't crowded at all so they could have been a little more attentive and less uptight and smiled more.  I loved the meal and the space was amazing.Although when in NOLA you have to try all of the "home-town" cooking -- trinity was an AMAZINGLY delightful surprise! Came to NOLA for a bachelor party -- in doing so we had to try one of the best steakhouses in New Orleans & Trinity was on the top of that list! From service to ambiance -- they delivered! We had a fairly large group & privacy is always nice -- Trinity set our party upstairs with ample room to enjoy our delicious meal, access to the balcony with a gorgeous view & not too far from the entrance of the kitchen. With waiters always around to either fill our glasses or bring us our meals -- we felt we were being taken care of very well! If you're hear you MUST try the steak -- cooked to perfection & accompanied with incredible sides & sauces to garnish & compliment the delicious flavor of the steaks. Thanks so much Trinity for kicking off my bachelor party in such great fashion -- we will be back soon!!Fried green tomatoes were great. I also had a vegetarian torn pasta dish sans capers and it was cooked well but the overall flavor profile was off couldn't place it but did not finish husband loved his oysters and his fish dish as well . If I could eat meat I have a feeling I would have loved my food. 
                                                                                     The service was lacking. Only one waitstaff for the entire restaurant and 2 large parties took most of their time. Within 5 min we were ready to order and then our waitress came by 3 times before taking our drink orders and then attempted to walk away when we told her we were ready to order. The menus is small, 15 min to make a decision is a bit much. Later in our meal My husband had to flag down a well dressed man that had been floating between the kitchen and expediting for part of the night (may have been a manager, partner owner) to give us dessert menus as well as another drink and then it still took quite awhile to move forward in the coarse that evening.
The server did apologize and comped us a drink for the extended wait but the other gentleman who was there nothing , not a sorry for the wait not a check in how's the meal going... not sure who was running the show here. I wanted to love this place but left feeling disappointed it could have been so much better, Easily.We called and asked for a good table (we were celebrating). The person who took the call told us they would put us at the "Chef's Table"... We arrived and were asked to sit, the four of us, at the bar. Hopefully, they changed us to a real table after we asked. 
The food was delicious though. We asked for wine recommendation and ended up talking to the sommelier of the restaurant, who gave us wonderful recommendations!Amazing food and if you can get their balcony, you are in for a treat. 
Get two orders of the cucumber crab cups. They are amazing!!!  
I got the beef trio. The sweetbreads were some of the better I've had. I could have just done those. 
Great service and beautiful interior.A diamond in the rough. We stumped upon Trinity in the heart of Frenchmen Street next to all the divey bars and jazz clubs full of rowdy drunk tourists on a Saturday night. Trinity was quiet, clean and beautiful inside. After wandering around the crowded loud alleyways, I just wanted a nice dinner and Trinity didn't disappoint. 
Get the broiled oysters. That's my top advice. It was so good!! Topped with panko breadcrumbs and flying fish roe, these little juicy oysters were the perfect taste and perfect size. It comes 4 in an order so a bit pricey but so worth it. We also got the baked oysters which weren't as good. The pieces were bigger but not as delicious. It was swimming in a clam chowder like sauce topped with parmesean cheese and lemon zest. It comes with ciabatta bread to dip in the sauce. Still good just not as good to me as the broiled. 
We also tried the crawfish and fontina biegnets. Yes!! So good!! The tarragon aioli was what made it so so good. Also the fluffy bread outside and cheesy center was delicious. Not that many crawfish pieces inside though. We ended with the pork belly. Crispy skin with a nice layer of fat and lean meat. The caramelized onions were good. This wasn't my cup of tea but it wasn't bad.We had a party of 16 here last night celebrating a 40th birthday.  We were seated upstairs and had space/wasn't cramped, but boy was it hot up there!  The restaurant was packed!  We had 9pm reservations.  The place is really beautifully decorated.  
Every single person in our party loved the food.  Our server was great; very attentive and friendly.  However, he didn't follow the instructions given to put all appetizers and bottles of wine and the birthday couple's dinner on one bill.  (Their treat. )  All other couples were paying for whatever they ordered.  Well, everything was put on one bill and the server couldn't separate the bills.  Everyone was expecting to pay on their cards, and nobody had cash.  This made it super uncomfortable.
Anyway, to the food.  Apps:  we had the crawfish beignets (which were good, but I didn't taste the crawfish flavor) the crispy pork belly (awesome), some sort of cheese ball (ok), and the oyster stew with grilled sourdough (excellent).  
For my entree, I had the scallops with corn puree, pine nuts, grape tomatoes, and chunks of merliton.  It was an excellent dish!  My husband had the lamb chops, which were mostly bone and only had one bite of meat on each.  He said the flavors were good, but he definitely wouldn't order that again.  Very disappointing.  For a side, we had the fried zucchini blossoms stuffed with cheese.....those were the best!  I wanted an entire plate of them!
I hate when people review a place and don't add pictures.  But like I said, we were at a birthday party and I didn't even take out my phone once we got upstairs.  Sorry guys.  Next time, I want to sit at the chef's table bar area.  Ill have lots of pics then.Great cocktail bar. We had the old fashioned, sazerac and hurricane. Absolutely outstanding drinks. The crawfish beignets really hit the spot too. Go here for a real hurricane...where they are the right color and not a bright red.Best meal of the trip! I especially liked the raw oysters and the crawfish and fontina beignets!I really dig this place if you get a chance go to Trinity the food is awesome really eclectic. Great team staff is really got their act together. The place is clean the service is good the food is great I highly recommend it.Amazing 2nd floor balcony....  romantic.  The seared scallops were 5 star!  Across the street was live Jazz at BB Kings.  The owner introduced himself.  I highly recommend this great gem.The food, amazing. The service, outstanding!
We came to Trinity for our anniversary and we're treated to champagne and dessert for the evening and every single person at the restaurant wished us a happy anniversary!
The food is fantastic and we loved and savored every dish. Our favorites: Crawfish Beignets, Ricotta Gnudi and Potatoes Au Gratin. 
We will be back!!My 2nd amazing review for Trinity.  Chef Michael continues to add delicious, creative dishes to the menu, perfectly paired with their wine listings.  His training definitely shows.  On another note, the GM remembered me (or at least pretended to!) from my visit last summer and called me by name as I left.  Honestly, when does that happen?  Ever?  So highly recommend a fantastic and memorable dining experience.  Oh yes, and the smoked oysters served on deviled eggs are THE BEST!First off the food was delicious. We shared a ribeye. They split plates perfectly. Great drink menu and they have spent a small fortune decorating and designing the space. Everyone working seemed uptight and no one was smiling or making us feel more comfortable.
Was not crowded but definately felt the tension with staff. Food was a 5 star, service and vibe 2.5.Excellent restaurant tout près du quartier de Frenchmen street. La carte (courte) change régulièrement et les associations de mets sont très intéressantes ! La cuisson des viandes est parfaite et les légumes et accompagnements au top ! Gardez aussi un peu de place pour les desserts !Incomparable. We delighted in our dinner at Trinity. Romantic ambience. Attentive staff. We had the crawfish beignets and the porkbelly for appetizers. I had the seared snapper for dinner along with ratatouille. The meal was delicious. The ratatouille was large and generous; share your order. The owner is a charming guy who will ensure customers leave satisfied.My partner and I walked into Trinity, attracted to the idea of a happy hour menu, for which they delivered perfectly.  The general manager, Robbie, welcomed us in, which I thought was very thoughtful for a GM to actively be monitoring his restaurant.  That's how a GM  is supposed  to operate, right?  Anyway, we were personally escorted to two bar stool seats by Robbie, and then we met the bartender, who subsequently served us perfect martinis.  This is New Orleans, so the bar was set kind of high for a new restaurant.  It delivered.  Our drinks were spot on, on point.  They had several tempting appetizers on the happy hour.  We will be back for a formal dinner.  A refreshing upset from the typical New Orleans restaurants that ride on a reputation - this place is new, and trying to prove itself.  And it worked 100%.  5/5.  Highly recommend.Service was top notch and so was the food! John rocked! I wish I had been hungrier so I could have explored more of the menu. The crab and cucumber app was the show stealer for us. We will absolutely be back to try out the au gratin options and eat more crab and cucumber!So happy I went on Sunday cause they're closed on Monday.  Sat immediately, a little slow at 7:00 p.m. Ordered a bottle of vino, relaxed and decided on the broiled oysters to start, amazing...will be back for these. Lobster and crawfish bisque, also amazing and wifey had the asparagus soup, delicious with the waygu meatloaf appetizer for her entree, also very delicious.  I had the blackened lamb chops, very good but they need help cutting the meat in the kitchen. Like 5 lamb chop lolypops, couple were hacked up pretty good. All said and done, can't wait to go back.  Next visit, can't break my rule of not going to the same place twice in one visit.I was so excited to go tonight.  And all the reviews are wonderful. Well we must have gotten an off night or the party of 30 upstairs took priority over our 5 people. 
We ordered the curry shrimp. The shrimp were mealy and the sauce was awful. Not balanced. My daughters burrata was over salted with the flaky salt. While we are eating the appetizers we tell the waiter you never brought the meatballs. He apologized and said he forgot. No problem. And at the same time my husband says, you never brought me my other drink. To this he replies, this is going to take a while, we only have one bartender and he needs to take care of the large party upstairs first. 
Our main courses the waygu steak, lambchops and branzino were average. Oh and we still have not received our meatballs. We say something again. Finally they arrived. The manager took them off the bill for us. In all honesty the meatballs was the best item on the menu.
And then to add fuel to the fire, the condensation from the AC vent which is in the ceiling is dripping all over my son. 
Now the bill comes, the final insult His drink order was with a splash of cranberry juice. They charged us a dollar. A dollar for a splash.
Im so sad this was not a good experience. We all as a family were so looking forward to it.Stopped by for HH and it was quiet! About 3-4 tables total so I guess it's not the usual spot for HH. We enjoyed the fries and smoked oysters deviled eggs. Nice twist on such a simple dish of deviled egg! Their $7 cocktail drink of the day was delicious!! (Sorry I don't remember what it was; some sort of daiquiri!) it wasn't too strong or fruity, just perfect. Their $5 martinis were the wrap of our HH hahaService from waitress was amazing.  She knew her stuff and really made our night a great experience.  The owner adds a nice personal touch and was there to ensure our experience was worth investing a night of our vacation.  If you go, you must get the Ricotta Dumplings.  The scallops were also perfectly cooked and had some very nicely prepared vegetables.  I would recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for a nice date night away from the noise.I was really excited to try this restaurant because the ratings on yelp were good. I got there and the decor was very nice and it looked very nice as well. I had the baked oysters and they were okay but its definitely not made fresh and the oysters didn't taste right. I then went on to have the Lamb chops over couscous and the lamb was pretty good but undercooked a bit (rare, I asked for medium rare) and then the couscous was just not good at all. I was very disappointed with my meal and then I waited a good 30 minutes for my waiter but they never appeared again so I had to ask someone else for my check. Maybe their brunch is good, but definitely not their dinner experience!Absolutely fantastic!  Ordered our food and we were eating within 20 min.  I had the lamb chops and my date had the snapper.  Both very pleased.I can't say enough about this place!!!!  Quite possibly the best meal I've eaten in my entire life...and I eat out a lot!  I found this place here on Yelp under the new favorite restaurants and it did not disappoint.  We arrived just a tad bit early for our reservations (Valentine's Day) and had a cocktail at the bar.  The hostess gave us a choice of either a regular table or the kitchen bar (open kitchen concept) which is where the chefs prepared the entrees.  The restaurant manager introduced himself while we were having our cocktails and continued checking in on us as we were deciding what to order and giving us suggestions.  It was fantastic being able to interact with the chefs behind the counter and they were very personable and eager to answer all the questions we had.  For appetizers we have crawfish and fontina beignets, the charbroiled oysters and the pork belly.  Let me just say that if I see pork belly on any menu I have to order it and I've eaten it at dozens of places but this by far was the best I've ever had.  The sauce was delicious and the perfect amount of sweetness for the salty pork.  The charbroiled oysters were amazing but the sauce that came with it was out of this world!!!  For our entrees we chose the pork shank with sweet potato purée and spaghetti squash with fried pickles and scallops with a cauliflower purée, snow peas and turnips.  The pork shank was nothing short of unbelievable.  I was full but couldn't stop eating it.  I think the key to its deliciousness was because it was flash fried first which held in all the amazing deliciousness.  Meat was tender and perfect.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and were amazing.  Again we were so full but when presented the dessert menu we couldn't pass on the goat cheese ice cream with poached lady finger apple stuffed with more goat cheese.  I was a bit hesitant as I'm not a huge goat cheese fan but I wanted to lick the plate.  If you're coming to N.O. you have to try this place out---not even kidding!Great reviews, so we walked over. Lots of patrons looked looked like they were having fun. Manager said we couldn't eat. He wanted to close early. Should probably notify Yelp of your actual hours.Cool marble interior, great service, an energetic vibe and astonishingly great, innovative takes on classic Louisiana cuisine. Even more incredible is that this place is in the French Quarter.Been hearing a lot about Trinity, so wanted to give it a try.  Little did I know, their brunch menu was very limited, and nothing on the menu caught my attention.  But since we were already there, we decided to just stay.
The place was very nice and the servers were awesome.  They were tentative and informative, and helpful when we needed to ask questions.  We had the following:
-Bloody Mary - strong, but delicious, a great beverage to start an alcoholic's morning
-Lobster Roll - creamy, but bland, could of used a little more flavor
-Burger - I forgot what burger this was, but it was juicy and flavorful
Their menu are always changing, so hoping to come back for dinner and try something delicious!Very easy to make reservations on opentable app. Great service once we arrived with a 1:1 time with the waiter since it was a little slow while we there. Jordan gave us great service and took time to see what we needed and gave us some tourist tips. Waygu streak was perfect and hands down the best steak I have ever had. Don't skip on the pork belly either. 5/5 stars no question.Dear England, I'm sorry to inform you that the best Pimm's Cup can be found here in New Orleans. The bar is a cool marble haven with an expert bartender whose wish is your command. Excellent oysters with the best crackers ever made!  Really, the crackers gluten free made of white beans!I think the avg of 4.5 stars for this place is right on.
First of all, our server, Jessica, was absolutely superb.  Very friendly and upbeat, and she showed up at just the right intervals to get our orders, ask about our drinks, our meals, etc., but without being intrusive.   When I think of the archetype of what a server should be, I'll think of Jessica from here on out.
Atmosphere was modern, clean, and upscale.   I requested a booth in my OpenTable reservation, and although the place was packed when we arrived, they had made note of our request and had a booth open for us.
The menu was small, but given the indecisiveness that I and the others in my dinner party often suffer when handed a large menu, that was actually a good thing, as it didn't tax the decision center of our brain too much....making the dinner experience a more relaxing enjoyable experience.      Everyone found something on the menu that they wanted, and we all enjoyed what we had.   
The presentations/plating was very nice.    I opted for the snapper, which was quite tasty; not mind blowing, but definitely very good.    My wife opted for a different type of fish, whole grilled loup de mer, which I thought was extraordinarily plated.   I would definitely recommend this place.Joanie was our waitress, and her great service and recommendations set us on a delicious journey! We ordered the lamb and the filet for mains, chargrilled oysters for appetizers, and the coconut cake and poached pear for desserts. Everything was perfect in terms of taste, texture, and cook. I am a New Orleans native, and the food here is exceptional--innovative and modern, but still classic New Orleans ingredients!Absolutely phenomenal. Must get the three way beef, pork belly, frutti di mare, and pork chop. I'm a local and this will be on my rotation of restaurants to go to for client meetings or special occasions. The owner was there and was incredibly friendly as well. Highly recommend.Our lunch wasn't that great. The best thing was the Bourbon Milk Punch, which was delicious, but the burger and the BLT were average and not worth the very expensive price. You can get better food for the same price in the city.What a nice place, an oasis in a seedier/touristy part of the city. The bar is beautiful with a nice wine selection. The food is wonderful. And the staff is friendly.Went to Trinity on the last night of a business trip and it was fantastic. Went for the tasting menu with a wine pairing. 3 savory and one sweet. The food was perfectly executed and the wines complemented each dish as one would expect. I had Bone Marrow w crab, tempura frog legs in a citrus ginger broth and the Waygu beef. The main was the star. Dessert was a pastry with dulce de leche ice cream paired with Sauternes. Anna was the perfect server; engaged, knowledgable and friendly. Go to this restaurant.Several weeks ago I had made reservations for  (group of nine) for this restaurant. This was going to be our last dinner in New Orleans. 
A day prior I started to read as many reviews of this establishment as I could and began to have second thoughts about my choice. 
Several of the recent reviews were uniformly critical of the service and many did not think that the food was anything to write home about. 
I considered cancelling but realized that the restaurant's cancellation policy for groups of eight or more involved a $25 per seat penalty. So we rolled the dice. 
The restaurant was empty except for our party and two other tables. Not a good sign. 
The menu is very, very limited: five entrees only. 
Five of us ordered the 8 ounce waygu, two of us had the catfish and one went with the blackened fish. None of these was particularly outstanding. For starters the crawfish begniets were very good. The roasted beet salad was lame. All in all the food was average at best. 
The service was not particularly bad as the reviews had led us to fear. But neither did it do anything to give us a warm and fuzzy feeling. I would sum up the entire evening as an expensive  endeavor in a very "cold" environment. 
Since the restaurant was pretty much empty the staff basically gathered and carried a very loud and distracting conversation. 
Not a place that would go into my list of places to recommend or return to.Trinity Drag Brunch was amazing!!! Waitstaff was on point and queens were professional and worked the crowd like pros. We all had a blast from bottomless mimosas to cheese platter to brunch dishes. Perfection.Lived in nola my whole life...my taste buds are fairly discriminating and picky.  This has been one of highlights of my dining experiences anywhere in the world.Let's get this started...Walking in the place has a very premium feel. Marble everything...tables, countertop. We greeted warmly by the receptionist. We we're excited. The fact we were one of two parties in the restaurant and that fact that I had told them in my reservation that we were celebrating our friends b-day made us hopeful we would be getting special treat (we got nothing). The waitress was on the rude side, and I'm from Los Angeles and pretty thick skinned. She also doesn't know her own menu. We asked her about a vegetable used in dish and she tried to convince we were eating a cooked cumber when it was clear we were eating squash. We gave up fighting with her.  She also losses points on her beer mishap (keep reading). Starting off with drinks, we got the two cocktails that were reasonably made with a heavy hand of alcohol which is always a plus. But they dropped the ball with my friends beer. First they were out (boo), then they found a barrel (yay), then they brought us this cloudy glass full of sediment that we had to send back. Not something you'd expect from a high end place. Mistakes happen I get it but when they do happen I'm used to them trying to make it up. They didn't. We opened with the oysters that we had raw and their house special. Good presentation but nothing special. The appetizers are this places strong suit. Pork belly salad and scallops dishes were delicious and bright...had us thinking the worst was behind us. The lamb chops were reasonably ok. Nothing special. The red snapper was just plain bad. Completely overcooked and on a bed of guacamole. Not something you expect to eat at a high end restaurant. We had the bread pudding and dulce de leche were both quite good. 
In short, the food here is ok but doesn't come close to living up to the neither the decor nor the price. Save your money and go elsewhere.We went the appetizer-cocktail route, sampling their grilled oysters with roe, octopus carpaccio, lobster & crab bisque, crispy pork belly, and the Aviation and Pimms Cup. After a miserable taste of neat gin, I never touched that liquor! This place made me fall in love with gin-based cocktails with their Aviation- so aptly named with its smooth taste and gray colour. The bisque was nothing out of the ordinary, but the rest was fantastic! I gingerly tried the octopus carpaccio at Nico Osteria in Chicago few months ago, and fell in love with that so I decided to give this a whirl- they're polar opposite dishes (Nico's was lightly grilled with a lovely reduction while Trinity's is old school with a squid ink aioli) but both so, so, so good for anyone wary about trying octopus. It's rare to find pork belly dishes done wrong in a good restaurant, but we were hooked because it was perfectly steamy, crispy, and both gooey and meaty inside. We were astutely told to go the grilled route with oysters before we sampled the raw ones, and these were so delicate and tasty. One major complaint is that while the other appetizers were appropriately sized, there were only 4 oysters that turned out to be under HALF the size of equally well done grilled oysters in most other places in town. Hence the four stars.Fantastic food, great service, and the remodel looks very good.   Was not very busy during primetime on a Saturday night so I hope this place makes it.  Can't recommend enough, had almost every small plate on the menu and a few mains split between a small table and everything was very very good.Will definitely come back to this restaurant in the future! While we were waiting for our table, we sat at the bar for a drink. The bartender was really helpful and offered some cocktail options that haven't made it on the menu yet. The drink didn't have a name but I'm sure they'll know once you say rum, oranges and jerk seasoning! It was sooooo good!
We had the short ribs for our entree which was amazing with the pommes frites. The customer service, the food and "no name" drink made it a great choice for our first night in New Orleans!Hmm. So I spent the entire week trying to pick a place for a good birthday dinner and based on the menu and reviews, I thought this place would be a good choice. So we made reservations for Wednesday night @ 7pm for 5 people. My first impression of this place was the ambiance & how beautiful the tables were with the open kitchen space. It was a little empty inside, which I thought was strange since it as 7PM.
My group and I thought that service was a little slow tonight since we only saw 5 tables who had been served before us. Maybe they were short handed tonight since I only saw one guy running around. He tried his best to check on us and accommodate us. 
Food Ordered:
Chargrilled oysters
The seasoning was kind of inconsistent between each of the oysters. The size of the oysters were relatively small and most of the pieces were underseasoned. Maybe it was missing some salt. 
Crispy Pork belly
We thought this was pretty good. A nice balance of sweet, salty, and crunchy. 
Fried Veal
This was pretty good. 
Grilled Fish
The red snapper was pretty good, but I didn't really care for the sauce that was smothered on top. It had too much of a salty tomato paste flavoring to it for me.
Seafood Lasagna
I was really disappointed by this dish, especially when I was so excited to try it. For the length of time it took for our food to come out, I was expecting bubbly, cheesy goodness to ooze out. The pasta seemed like it was just heated up instead of being baked. The worst part of it was, the shrimp instead was spoiled. Before I tried it, I gave some to my friends.At first bite, I bit into a weird, funny sourness taste. I thought it was the cheese used, but as I picked out some of layers, I found out it was the seafood inside--the shrimp. I am hoping that I do not get food poisoning tonight from it. I let my server know and he politely tried to rectify the situation by replacing it with something else. I declined, so he took it off the bill. 
So overall ,if you want to come here for a few drinks to chit chat, it might be nice. Foodwise, I am not such a fan. I am kind of conflicted because I saw so many good reviews and great pictures of the food the other happy diners received, tonight definitely did not reflect that. Actually, I thought it was kind of weird at one point to not see anyone inside the "open" kitchen area while we were one of the few tables waiting for food. Maybe there is another kitchen in the back. I do not think I will be back though. Even though the inside of this place was gorgeous, I feel like it also gave off some weird vibes. Our experience definitely did not match the 4 star yelp review hypes.
Oh, I would probably suggest ordering either meat dishes or fish if you want to try this place out, just to be safer.Will is one of the manager/owners and as we are not from in town he did such an excellent job. Took care of us in a moments notice and always checked to see how things were. Great food but more importantly great management!All I can say is amazing! Def need to get the Pork Shank it won't disappoint. Broiled oysters were delightful and perfect app. The cocktails are well thought out and are made with love. Beet juice, carrot juice and balsamic vinegar in a cocktail sounds crazy but it works!Decatur Street can be a rough and tumble location. Lots of tourists, lots of bawdiness, lots of noise. Trinity is a bit of an anomaly in the area. While the noise level is high, you do get the impression there is calm within. 
There is a lot to enjoy here. The deviled eggs topped with a smoked oyster were a nice way to start. The raw oysters were equally good. Crawfish and Fontina Beignets were just a little to "cake like" and not as enjoyable as the should have been. I'd have preferred a lighter gougere type of morsel. The Lamb Chops took all of that doubt away. Nicely fired on the outside and pink and tender inside with good spicing throughout, these were great.
Need a respite from the New Orleans grind? Try Trinity.In NOLA for client meetings and stumbled across this place on Eater. So glad! It was very good. Started with oysters gazpacho, baked oysters and my dining partner and I split the duck fat hush puppies. The gazpacho had a nice pulpy consistency and a very balanced heat that really made the briny sweetness of the oysters pop. The hush puppies are just divine - nice and moist inside a crusty shell. Had the seared scallops and polenta for entrees and both were well-sized and appropriately rich without being overwhelming. If you're looking for an upscale, modern meal in the Quarter, this place is it. The decor is modern and elegant without being cold and the menu is full of NOLA-inspired gems.A hidden gem on the edge of the French quarter.  The food is creative and fresh and much healthier than many alternatives.  I had the sea bass- a whole one cooked to perfection. I gave my husband a hard time about this reservation since it was so close to the chaos but he was spot on. A very small menu but in the end the perfect number of options. And a huge drink menu!We recently went to Trinity on the Saturday before Mardis Gras.  It was my 40th Birthday, and we received a lucky recommendation from a waiter at Bistreaux.  The parades were still going on, so we mostly had the place to ourselves and they seated us on the balcony.  I couldn't have asked for a better experience.  Our waiter's name was Steven, and the service was outstanding.  We all had the veal, and it was amazing.    Truly a very memorable evening.Disappointed in Drag Brunch!! Went yesterday for my sisters bachelorette party. We were sat in a booth and could barely see any of the show. The food was good, service was good, but it was like a tease sitting in the end of the booth and hearing the excitement but not being able to see anything. Restaurant should ask performers to spend more time in the upper booth area or make it clear that visibility of the show depends on where you are sitting.I was in New Orleans a few months ago and cannot get this experience out of my head. My boyfriend and I stumbled into Trinity while they were closing up for the night. They were more than happy to seat us at the bar and offer the full menu. While the food was over the top and delicious, the experience and meal was made by the incredible waitress that served us. She was friendly, knowledgeable, extremely engaging, snd beautiful. We kept wanting to leave but the waitress nonchalantly kept us at the bar for more food and drinks. Trinity, when we open our own place, we will offer your incredible waitress a manager position because she is perfect.This place is pretty solid! Here at Trinity, you can expect to find Cajun/creole style cuisines to the good ole southern comfort dishes. Aside from the food, Trinity hosts a drag brunch every Saturday from 11:00am-3:30pm. A couple of my girlfriends have never been to a drag brunch so I've decided to reserve a spot so that we could see it together. There's a group of performers and each had their own style of performance. The show throughout brunch was very upbeat and certainly very enjoyable to watch. If you have never been to one, you should try to see it as it's an experience you don't want to miss! 
While brunching here, we opted for the unlimited mimosa for an additional $14 per person. Our server was attentive and prompt with our refills that we didn't have to wait. From the menu, we ordered the boudin and fried oysters (sadly, I don't have a picture), the burger and blueberry pancakes. The boudin and oyster was spectacular. Oysters had a crispy crunchy exterior while the inside remained plump and juicy. The velvety bearnaise sauce sits on top of the perfectly poached egg was also delicious 5/5!The burger, however, was somewhat lackluster. Even though the meat patty was thick and juicy, I couldn't look past the bun that it was served on. I like and prefer my buns soft and pillowy. The bun that was served here was too doughy and kind of chewy. I think that if it was served with brioche buns then this dish would have been great 3/5. The blueberry pancakes was also delicious. Pancakes were light and fluffy with a bunch of fresh blueberries. I would order this again if I'm craving for blueberry pancakes 4/5.
My overall experience was fantastic. My girlfriends and I enjoyed the show, the food and the mimosas. Our service from the beginning to end was top notch. Their drag brunch seemed to cater to the adult audience so I would leave the kids at home.Came in for oysters and while the ambiance is lovely it wasn't super sanitary. Found a curly blonde hair in my cocktail sauce  (I'm brunette) and was too grossed out to try anything else. When I pointed it out, the server apologized. Was disappointed to find the dish on my bill. 
Hair in my food aside, I was also disappointed in the quality of the oysters. As a gulf coast native and someone who has had them at dozens of local places, these were the most expensive and worst. 
TL;DR skip this spot based on the quality and questionable sanity practices.The marble table and bar tops caught my eye first (okay, maybe a recommendation to try the savory beignets caught my ear first...which did not at ALL disappoint), but with the tiered seating in the back giving a top-down look at the kitchen experience and the beautiful natural lighting from the moon light windows overhead, this place surely looked to be a winner. The aioli that the beignets came with had us licking the serving dish, the cocktails were tasty, and the waitress was well-versed in mixology. We had only a bit of confusion surrounding happy hour and what we could order off of the happy hour menu and where (Bar top only? Drinks only? Happy hour food, too?) but otherwise really enjoyed ourselves!Always wanted to try Trinity's on our previous visits to Nola. So the opp presented itself last night when we needed a Romantic spot to dine. Been on the go in this fine city and since we were starving and staying near Frenchmen street, we popped in. Apps of duck and dumplings plus raw oysters were out of this world. We could have stopped with those. But we then did a wagyu steak and veal off the entree list. My partner and I shared everything down to thecrumbs. This meal was fabulous. One of best we've ever had here in New Orleans. Thank you Trinity!!Had to make a quick reservation for party of eight last night, so I went to the Hot&New category. We were not disappointed. Excellent starters - we ordered four of the five oyster styles but couldn't agree which was the best. Compact but diverse choice of mains and, again, all delicious and well-constructed. Service was attentive and professional. If you're looking for something unique in the Quarter, I'd go here.Service is outstanding and the food is phenomenal.  View from the balcony was amazing and we really enjoyed the ambiance.  Try the Frutti di Mare; unique and delicious!Very disappointed.  The food was just bad. Great service. Drinks were lovely. French fries were good.  The burgers were ordered medium and like a hockey puck.  The bread must have been missing an ingredient - it was not edible. The duck and dumpling dish was really good. But they ran out.  The shrimp creole was served on white rice with a tomato sauce.  It seemed like they just poured a can of crushed tomatoes out of a can. No spices added. Wasn't good. Shrimp was good.  Liked the ambiance but this place is struggling in the kitchen. Cost us the same amount as Brennan's, which was fantastic all around. Clearly they are different restaurants but over our 5 days exploring New Orleans this was the only bad meal we had.