For the gluten intolerant/celiac crowd, the first thing you should know is that Truburger has a gluten free bun that tastes amazing! It looks a little weird, but honestly, isn't it the taste that matters (especially to those of us who usually can't even have a bun at a restaurant)!  
The burgers and fries are great. My husband - who can eat gluten - says their regular menu items aren't anything to sneeze at either.  The fries also really good!
They have practically anything you could imagine wanting as a topping, and have a vegetarian option. So, it's a pretty customer-friendly place. Our service has also been great the few times we've gone. The atmosphere is also really nice - casual and fun. 
If you're a Tulane/Loyola student or an Ochsner employee, they also have discounts for you. 
I'd definitely check it out!I really want this place to be good, as I frequent happy hour and the bars on Oak, and I would have loved a nice quick place to grab some food.  
Unfortunately after several visits and giving it several chances I can't see ever going back again.  Way too overpriced for what it is and the decor looks like they just ripped it off a 5 Guys Burger. On my last visit my burger and bun just disintegrated and crumbled apart as I attempted to eat it and they were completely out of iced tea.  The place was also nearly deserted on my last visit but all the tables were covered in trash.  They actually want tips even though it is exactly like any other fast food burger joint and they don't provide any "service."  Bud's Broiler is better.
They might be able to redeem themselves with some major work but it will take something major to get me back in here as Camilla Grill is a far better and cheaper burger of the same type and nearby GB's is far superior.I had the pattymelt with a side of onion rings, and my girlfriend had a hot dog. She said it was the best hot dog she'd ever had. And my pattymelt was fantastic. The onion rings were well seasoned, well battered, and well fried. Service was very friendly and prompt. Couldn't ask for more. 
First stop when I'm craving a burger.I tried Truburger cuz I was in the mood for a veggie burger.  Big mistake.  It's made of beets and I am not a big beet fan so I was disappointed when I discovered this.  It had no flavor at all and was the worst veggie burger I've ever had.  The shoestring fries were basically a salt bomb.  The one redeeming quality was that the staff seemed nice.  Too bad the food was so disappointing.If you're in the mood for a fresh, grilled burger or hot dog then you've found the place. Burgers starting at $7 but more like $9 with what you really want on it,.... I had The Charlie (Swiss, bacon, coleslaw) and added fried onion strings - DELICIOUS :0) The table next to me got a hot dog with chili, relish and cheese which looked amazing as well. Fries are crispy, shoestring style which I loved as well. They also sell shakes and malts (maybe next time;0) All in all a great place for a great, quick meal.I loved Tru Burger! 
I really liked the setup, it's got the classic diner feel with a modern twist. The staff were all very friendly and attentive. 
Thin cut fries are my favorite and they give you quite a bit with your order. The burger didn't blow my mind or anything, but it was still delicious. 
I definitely recommend this place if you're in the mood for a burger or hot dog. 
You must have a chocolate malt! They're excellent.Great burger, love the tru sauce, also the pickles are some of the best Ive had on a burger, I need to ask who they buy fromI've definitely fallen in love with Truburger.  If you just want a basic, good quality burger at a decent price, Truburger is easily one of the best games around.  The meat is well-seasoned and of good quality.  They don't use extremely thick paddies (although you can order a double) which is usually more what I'm looking for to avoid getting lockjaw.  As much as love the gazillion-pound gourmet burgers some places serve, I'm usually more in the market for something more manageable. 
The staff is friendly, they have self-serve fountain drinks, the PBR is cheap and the milkshakes are mind-blowing. If you're feeling like good ol' American food, piling down to Truburger is a very good bet.This place is great!  I kinda don't get why it's not rated higher.  The two times I've been there the food came out quickly, which is important when you have an entourage of small children who act like they are riddled with ravenous intestinal parasites when forced to wait for food like mine do.  Reasonably priced, too.
Turkey burger was good, as was the beef burger.  Buns are great, toppings are nice and fresh.  The jalapenos were fresh not pickled, which was a surprise but a nice surprise because I like spicy.  The food item/extra that goes above and beyond here, though, is the bacon.  This might be the best bacon I've ever had at a restaurant.  If you like your bacon really extra crispy but still thick so it doesn't fall apart into like potato-chip texture but rather still maintains a meaty character, then you need to get bacon here.
They have skinny little well-done fries.  Usually I like thicker mushy-centered fries, but these are delicious, no complaints from here.  A large order of fries is huge.  The first time I was here we got two baskets of large fries to split between two adults and three and a half fry eating children (the baby takes a couple and lollipops them), and we ended up with a lot of extra.  This time we got one and everyone was satisfied.  
It would be nice if they had a few more specialty burgers on the menu.  They have like five or six but I'm an idiot and I don't usually have the brainpower to make my own creative burger idea, so I like trying pre-tested combos.  
In the future I'd like to try a milkshake here, and maybe their jalapeno poppers or onion rings.We were here on a Saturday, trying to enjoy a night out in lovely New Orleans with some friends. Midsummer Mardi Gras, people dancing in the streets, it was just a jolly old time until we got to Truburger. The manager started blowing quite possibly the most obnoxious whistle ever to be created to signal that they were no longer taking orders. She then blew her demon whistle to accompany her unnecessarily aggressive calling out customers' orders. When multiple patrons voiced their anguish, she responded by blowing the whistle while maintaining eye contact with the contrarian and stating that we were free to leave. I could swear I also heard a maniacal laugh to accompany her gracious words, but that may be a hyperbole. Overall: she sucksHad the burger, it was awesome.  Had the hot dog it was even better.  Great place for a quick bite.  Milkshakes are solid too.HUGE disappointment.
My husband and I tried it out at 6:30 on a Friday night, and while it was busy, it wasn't packed.  Every table was dirty and piled with half eaten food from previous customers.
The burger  - was thin (it was falling apart to the touch) and way too greasy.  The extra toppings also need a little better portion control. If I'm paying $1.50 to add bacon I want a a solid strip (or two) - not 4 small bacon bits.
The fries  - were teeny tiny, most of them were less than 1/2" in length, and had no taste other than grease.
The milkshake - was decent, but the straws are miniscule. I've never worked so hard to get my drink through a straw before.
If I could give Tru Burger one word of advice it would be: THICKER. Thicker burgers, thicker (and longer fries), and thicker straws.
I really wanted to like Tru Burger. I love Patois and I sincerely hope that Chef Burgau can turn things around and make this a fast food burger joint in the vein of Farmburger in Atlanta.Overpriced and overcooked. Heard  the girls In the kitchen talking about the roach problem. Noped right out of there.Love Truburger! It is my favorite place to get a burger in New Orleans, and the food is consistently good. The burgers here are similar to those at Shake Shack in NYC. They're on the small side, but not in a bad way. They're the perfect size to fill you up, but not over fill you. Also their friends are ridiculously good! Perfectly crispy. Also the prices are great for the quality food you get. I love this place!The uptown burger is really good! Fantastic flavor. The saints game was on,  so I wasn't too upset when I had to wait 35 minutes for my food. The place wasn't even busy.Their burgers are phenomenal. I got mine with avocado and bacon, and I really enjoyed it! Their shakes are thick and creamy. I really liked the vanilla one! Come check it out it's located on oak close to many other unique businesses.I'm sorry but the ordering system begins a very flawed restaurant experience. The food quality is not even up to standards, I'd rather eat at Camellia Grill or the Frost Stop. For a very limited menu, this place was so disappointing that I left half my mediocre burger. There is NOTHING special going for this place. The gray walls with yellow accents are awful to look at. The chili my husband got was so cold the cheese never even began to melt that was in it. It all seemed like cafeteria level dining from the 80s. I will not be returning.Best burger in the "middle" burger price range in town. Since the new owners took over, the food has gotten MUCH better, restaurant is cleaner, and the service is much more friendly. Nice view for people watching while you eat! For the Nurses: they do a 10% Ochsner discount, all you have to do is ask!I eat at this place every time I'm near oak street.  I feel like their burgers are what fast food burgers tasted like before the age of frozen patties and "natural" flavors.  The burgers are thin, but juicy and flavorful.  The salad on top is always fresh. The shoe string fries are perfect.  What I really love about this place is the price.  A burger and fries (that did not come out of a freezer) for under 10 dollars is something I thought no longer existed.Working right across the street, I find myself at Truburger on a semi-regular basis. I have to say, the service there is generally really good. The employees recognize regulars and are very friendly and efficient.
I usually go to Truburger when I don't have a lot of time for lunch, because I know my food will be ready in about 10 minutes from the time I order it. Their burgers a good, not the best, but very good considering the price. I highly recommend getting the onion rings as your side. They are as good as any I have had in the city.
Overall, good service and good burgers.The people were friendly but the tables were too close together. The counter service is cool but the burgers were greasy. The malts are good (says my friend) but the fries are too salty (says me). That's the way this place goes, I think. There is this but there is that. Like a girl/boyfriend who sticks around until you find someone/thing better. Maybe Tru is destined to be a desperate late night hookup. Or maybe they will get their stuff together and bring us roses one day and then we'll be theirs forever.
We'll definitely come back and see what's better in a few 
months.Well, I've done two trips to Tru Burger and each time has been a disappointment  The last one involved a burger and a  hotdog.  Seems Tru Burger now has the Dat Dog bun.  Unfortunately, Tru Burger is not Dat Dog.  The staff listless.  No sense of urgency.  The burger reminds me of Frost Top burger.  All in all, that that's it for me and Tru Burger.The patty is not super thick like Port of Call, but not thin Like buds. I'd err more on the side of calling it a thin patty because they do sell a double. Moist and not over cooked, but hot enough to melt the cheese, on a bun that falls to the background allowing you to taste all the other wonderful flavors, this burger really excels.
The PB Chocolate Shake is pretty friggin awesome also. TruBurger really excels at the "burger and shake" game, and my only comlpaint is that the dollars add upquickly when ordering.I wanted to like this place, I really did.  It's a good concept -- simple burger joint, with (thank God) a veggie option, a pleasantly decorated place in a nice location, with a laid-back atmosphere and what I found to be very friendly service (even if, as it turned out, also dangerously incompetent).  
But the execution is badly lacking in both quality and food safety.  I'll get the worst out of the way first: I came here with a severely peanut-allergic friend, who ordered a chocolate milkshake.  The milkshake they served was full of peanut butter!  (Who puts peanut butter in a milkshake?)  While my friend was in the bathroom puking, the staff apologized very kindly (apparently there was some kind of chocolate-peanut milkshake on special? not what we ordered, though!) and gave me my money back -- which I appreciated, but this hardly makes up for the fact that my friend spent the entire rest of the evening throwing up.  At least we ended up not having to go to the hospital.
But apart from that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you enjoy the burgers?  Well, my friend was by this point way too sick to report properly on the beef burger, but it didn't look like anything special.  The thin-cut fries were oversalted and overcooked, dry and dull.  (Why can't anyone in New Orleans, the city of fried food, figure out how to make a really good french fry?)
The veggie burger is the most bizarre abomination I've ever seen peddled under that name -- a breaded and deep-fried (?) patty made of mashed red beets and beans (???) that are so wet, it falls apart as soon as you bite through the breading.  It has nothing to do with a "burger," since AFAICT it isn't cooked on a grill, and it tastes like a fish-stick made of borscht.  I wouldn't be likely to get this again -- which means, as a vegetarian, I won't be returning, since it's the only option.  Even apart from the terrible treatment of allergy safety here, the food is just not good enough to merit a return trip.  Avoid.They should close up shop and cut their losses.  Billed month's ago as a gourmet burger spot by a major local chef, this can not be the case.  Greasy thin burger like Bud's but not as flavorful.  Pedestrian Hot Dog, decent fries, food court decor.  Might work for college students if it were more convenient to campus.Good basic burger.  Very good fries.  I can't figure out why they have so many employees at one time.  I was there on a Friday at 7pm and they weren't even half full and I counted at least 7 employees.  Yet, no servers or bussers.  Counter service with a tip jar.  Thank you for standing there and ringing in my order and handing me a cup to fill and refill my own drink - and yes, I'll go pick up my food and clean my table, but you - you $8.00/hour counter person, collect the tip.  If they made server wage of $2.13/hour and actually served me, glad to tip 20%+Not the cheapest, not the fastest, but if like me you are gluten-free or casein-free, this place is awesome! My favorite here is the uptown burger on a gluten free bun. The burgers taste great, and the gluten-free bun is pretty decent. It is very different than most I've had before, and like someone else said, is a bit like ciabatta.
For those who are very sensitive to gluten: I am not sure how safe it is. I've never gotten sick, but I avoid the fries because I don't know whether they have a dedicated frier for gluten and non-gluten. As far as handling the burgers and buns, I don't know what their exact process is as far as cleaning the grill and handling gluten free food. The lady working the register didn't seem all that knowledgeable, so it made me a bit worried. If you are very sensitive, I recommend asking about all the details. I didn't at first because I assumed that having a gluten-free option would mean they are very knowledgeable, but as I'm sure you know that isn't always the case.Trubuger is truly amazing! It's like a real diner style burger cooked on a flat top grill but you can get it with all kinds of fancy toppings. It's like Camellia Grill burgers but less greasy and classied up a bit. The size of the burgers are perfect for someone like me who can eat half of a usual serving at a restaurant, and perfect for kids too. My son ate the whole thing!! I got the Charlie, which has swiss cheese, bacon and coleslaw on it and I added grilled onions. Oh wow was that amazing! The fries are so yummy too. Fresh cut and seasoned, delicious!!! Next time I go, I'm going to get The Uptowner for sure. Goat cheese and arugula, OMG!!!I'm not a huge burger eater, mostly bc I don't eat much beef. But we had a drink deck card for Tru Burger, and finally had another person with us to use it ($30 tabs aren't easy to rack up at some places). 
I ordered The Patty Melt, with a turkey patty. Where lots of people have complained about the size of the burgers, I love that the patties aren't oversized. I found the size to be perfect. A single patty filled me without making me feel gross/ I didn't waste half a burger that I knew I would never eat reheated. The way they did the bun for the PM was nice and crisp. I meant to try a gluten free; I'll opt for that next time. Roommate got The Heat. He won lunch. For sure. Fresh jalapeños and sriracha for the win. Mom even went on about the burger, and she gets it naked. The onion rings are good, but the fries are where it's at!! Delicious!!! Just enough salt. Thin and crispy. Perfect. 
None of us tried a milkshake, but we may in the future. Seemed to be a hot item as they were calling out milkshake orders every couple of minutes. I did have a Mexican Coke. Anywhere that sells Mexican Coke makes me happy, bc I rarely want coke, but when I do, I want it with real cane sugar and not GMO HFCS!
Prices are pretty good. While the order line moved very slowly, I didn't find the wait for our order to be too long. And the place was packed. They're def doing burger joint right.My wife and I went there a few weeks after it first opened and were frankly unimpressed.  We decided to give it a try a few months later and now we really like the food! Especially the fries. We live close so we get take-out food there fairly often.
Unfortunately, we really don't enjoy eating in there because of the noise. Particularly because of the woman that is often there, calls out when orders are ready with a loud and shrill voice that is, for me, nearly unbearable. Now it must be said that this women is extremely nice and very customer focused. I have nothing against her. I like her. I simply don't enjoy dining as "#17!!! ... #18!!!" is echoing through the place at such a high volume it makes me cringe. That said, it doesn't seem to bother the other guest so maybe it's just me.
Overall, I recommend Truburger.Came here on the random rainy day. Ordered the bourbon root beer, Uptown burger, and Charlie burger. It was pretty darn. I recommend giving this place a shot. I will be backIt's a good burger place,  with a hip vibe without being hipster.  The staff is friendly and the food tasty.  Get a milkshake,  worth it.2.5 stars is what I would like to give this place. It was just a short drive away from my home, so I decided to give it a try. I ordered a single with cheese and avocado. The patty was very....average. Almost like your run of the mill Burger King patty. Flavorless as well. The bun was particularly weird...almost like it was made from a potato base or something..very thick and mealy. 
The fries were very average...
I will give them credit for the great strawberry milkshake that I ordered. Now, THAT was up to par. Very impressed. Besides that, go to Cowbell for your burgers.Tried to go tonight for the third time. The previous two times, the food was great! Last time, we arrived around 9:15, and while we were served, the staff was clearly less than thrilled to still have to be working. Tonight, we arrived at 9:32, and even though the door was open and the sign said the store closes at 10, we were turned away with a quick "We're closed". Based on our last two experiences, either Truburger should change its store hours, or it's making enough money that it can easily turn away customers for their not-so-cheap hamburgers.Been to this place several times now since moving to New Orleans. It doesn't disappoint! Go here if you're craving a well made, unpretentious ( I'm looking at you, Cowbell) decently sized burger. Also, you're not paying $15 for a burger and fries like you would at...ahem, some nearby establishments. 
They get creative with some burgers on their menu and my suggestion to the owner is: keep it up, they're delicious! 
Will be returning and recommending this place to others.I went with a friend here recently, on a Thursday, to discover they offered $1 pints of Coors Light and Abita Amber on Thursdays. This was very exciting for me, like Romney being told he can be President of Amercia, exciting. And it must have been for others too, because they were all out of Abita Amber and Amercia doesn't even fucking exist. Also it was really nice sitting outside in the sun with that beer existing nowhere near Florida.
But you're probably more interested in the burger options, right? We tried a couple and split them. I don't even entirely remember what they were, but one was the one with jalapenos. So yeah, the burgers aren't that memorable - kind of tiny too. Nothing wrong with them, but I don't really see the point. As other reviewers will agree, just go down the street to Cowbell. Or if you really want to be happy with a burger, head over to Yo Mama's in the Quarter.
I did enjoy the Chocolate Mint shake though, and the huge straw to properly enjoy it with. I'm pretty sure the straw adds +3 to oral.Tru Burger is my official burger place in New Orleans. I've gone to Company and Smash Burger and don't get me wrong, they're good. However, Tru Burger takes the cake for me. What I like about Tru Burger is that it's in a neighborhood I like to walk around in. Cool vintage shops, book stores and even a comic book shop nearby. Second reason is that I am a plain jane kind of person and will order the burger plain with a side order of fries. I usually just dip it in ketchup and go on my merry way. The bun is buttered up properly. Not too much and not too little. The fries are decent, nothing that great, but they're good. The burger itself is seasoned to perfection. I literally could scarf it down in minutes. It's that good. For those veggies, they do have a vegetarian burger as well. All in all, I like the simple approach they take. Nothing fancy, but quality is all there. The decor is pretty cool. Has a diner like feel to it, but it has a modern twist. You can sit at the counter or in the dining room or outside. They do have milkshakes which I have yet to try. We'll see!good quality, decent prices, friendly service!We were regulars for a long time. I hope the original owners have sold, because if not they've really taken their eye off the ball. We ordered 5 items. They were out of three of them. Then they forgot one of the items we did order.  Salad dressing came with a date on it..... a month old. Not exactly a high spoilage item, but come on. Won't be back.Great veggie burger! And very good turkey burgers. The veggie burger is beet based and not just a frozen party. The fries are excellent and they are not fried with any shellfish unlike many NOLA. Milkshakes were also very good. A great place for meat eaters and non meat eaters.The burger patty was fine, but the bread is not good. I'm not even sure what it is, but the consistency is off. The staff was distracted if not uncaring when we were ordering. Not impressed with the fires either. I mean I would eat it again in a pinch, but there are better burgers out there. And it was a bit pricey.Not impressed.  The burger and fries were only ok, nothing special.  In a city of special things, meh burgers shouldn't exist.  I'm bummed I wasted a lunch on that.  
The staff wasn't very friendly, either.This place is awesome! If you go you simply must try the banana pudding milkshake!!!!! It is the best milkshake I have ever had. It had chunks of nilla wafers and bananas in it. Delectable! So yummy!!!!Truburger is a nice burger joint, it's a bit on the pricey side but everything is done well and they have a bunch of good options for sauces to put on your burger, etc.  Shakes are good, onion rings pretty good, and the burgers are freshly made and tasty including a number of good pre-chosen combinations as well as a "make your own" option.  I'll take Truburger over The Company Burger any day - and no question over Five Guys.  Good quality meat and ingredients, and a burger that's not dripping in grease, overseasoned, or under-topped like other places.  It's a bit of a hike, but I'll be back.Truburger is a nice little burger joint down by Carrolton. They also serve some delicious shakes, and have an atmosphere that is very casual and at the same time seems to me fairly emblematic of New Orleans restaurants (chalk board menus are a staple that you should see everywhere because they rock). My burger was pretty good, and so was my girlfriends, but I have to compare this place to the Company Burger since they both opened within a mile and a couple months of each other. 
My main beef (haha, beef, HILARIOUS) with Truburger is how painfully loud it is. The restaurant looks a lot like a diner, and is almost entirely hard surfaces with nothing to really absorb or disperse the sound that comes from a kitchen and a full restaurant. This wouldn't be that bad, except for the children. I generally am not a huge fan of kids in any restaurant that I go to, but at a place like Truburger, a screaming child is like a shrill voiced banshee sent from the depths of hell. It ruins any chance of quiet conversation and prompts a near instant headache. 
I think Truburger needs a bit more time to settle in. The burger I got was really tasty, and the shake was even more delicious. A little more time, a bit more streamlining, and maybe something to absorb the noise and it will be a really good addition to the neighborhood.this place is great! I work across the street, and not a day goes by that I don't stare at this place and drool. as a veggie burger lover I was so pleasantly surprised on my first bite to discover BEETS! 
servers are super friendly. the place is adorable. they have coca cola in bottles. love it.The food at Truburger is very good, but what makes this place four stars is there service. My wife and I have been here a couple of times, and the first time we went I accidentally spilled some fries on the floor. During our most recent visit, they didn't cook the patties to my wife's liking so she sent it back. On both occasions, the staff went out of their way to correct the mistake and give us lagniappe, which I always appreciate. Keep up the great work!I stopped into Tru Burger on a recent Saturday late morning and had an Uptowner (one of their featured specialty burgers), fries, and a Barq's.  Paid about $12 which for what I got I felt like it should've gotten more - or I should've paid less.
The burger itself was adequate if not a little greasy and on the small side.  The fries were tiny.  Like I'm some giant in an Eastern Washington potato field.  To me burger fries should not be teensy.  These were.  Standard size fries, please.
The set-up is nice.  I sat on a stool in the window.  There's ample table seating and some bar seating.  I'll go back for another round, but given the dense burger competition in the city right now, not sure of where Tru stands in the future.The onion rings are really good.  The burger is just okay. Company Burger is better. I also had a milkshake it was good. I would go there again if I was in a pinch. But as far as it being my 1st choice of burger spots, they don't make the cut. I should have just went to Company Burger.Probably the best non-fast food burger that isn't a staple like Camellia Grill or Port of Call. Burgers are good, filling and not overly expensive. However, the best thing there is the white hot dogs. They are delicious!!! Two issues- 1) If you're going to serve alcohol, have more seating. People will come to get a beer and just sit all night. 2) Write somewhere that you have to bus your own table. There is nothing written anywhere. Ok, three issues, have something for dessert other than milkshakes. Us un-milk people need something that isn't ice cream AND milk.The Abita draft beer was great and the burger was just OK. I ordered the special which was the Mississippi burger. It has fried pickles and a Thousand Island type sauce. It satisfied my burger craving but I think I could have gotten a better at Sonic. The shoestring fries were OK at best. A little burnt but we nearly ate them all. 
I'm sure they're better burgers than what I had. I would eat here again and try something different.Pretty good.
I appreciate the order at the counter type of burger place. Something New Orleans has been lacking for a while.
Ordered a burger with bacon, cheddar, and tru sauce.
Burger was good. It was cooked to medium/medium well, even though I asked for medium rare (although I asked after I had ordered, so I don't blame them. My fault) Will most certainly remember next time, as I think it will approve the burger.
Tru sauce was awesome. For some reason I expected it to be the classic ____ sauce that just ends up being ketchup/mayo/1000, but its actually a deliciously sweet balsamic reduction sauce. Next time I go, I will probably ask for some on the side to slather all over my burger.
The fries were soooo good. Next time I go, I will most certainly throw some cheese on them.
All around solid burger/fries/drink for around $10. Looking forward to going back.
Note to vegetarians: My buddy ordered the veggie burger which turns out to be a mostly beet patty, so if you don't like beets, go for the grilled cheese.I am so sad to write this review. I have had good food here and great shakes in the past. Went today at 1:49 pm. Ordered 2 burgers,  hot dog, 2 chocolate shakes, and onion rings. The cashier, who also makes the shakes, wandered off without making the shakes promptly, like they usually do. After 15 minutes, I went up to the counter and asked if we could have the shakes. She asked me "what kind of shakes?" with her hand poised above the register, and I had to point to my slip and say the ones I ordered..."Oh dear, the slip for the shakes did not print out" and she had to go look in the kitchen--why I do not know. Like she had not just taken our order??  It was NOT busy at all at that point. Then of course, a bunch of people came in and she was further delayed in making the shakes. Well, the shakes were good. 
However, it took until 2:32 (we were most unhappy at this point) and I had to go to the window and ask for the food (one burger was to go, and I could see the dine-in baskets on the tray). Well, come to find out, they had given our order to the guy before us, and they had to slap a piece of cheese on the double burger (not ordered by us) and box it. The dine in food was served in wet baskets (yes, the paper was in there, but the water leaked through to the buns). The onion rings were flavorless. It was thoroughly disappointing. Never again, probably not even for the shakes. I just boxed my burger up and took it home to my teenaged son--I was no longer interested. The staff seemed ditsy (stoned maybe?) and disinterested. I am sorry I put a nice tip in the jar when I paid. This is a slur on Patois's good name.Good burger. Didnt care for shoestring fries. Nothing to rave about.
Street parking by meter.
Meh.A burger place on Oak Street? What a good idea! Hand-dipped corndogs, too? Hurray! Right?.... Right?? 
I almost missed this place. On my way back from the tailor I noticed some kids holding milkshakes with giant, wide straws and I perked right up. My friend and I split a standard single burger with grilled onions and sauteed shrooms with an order of fries and a vanilla milkshake. Great family atmosphere that is nolstalgic of Five Guys, but classier. 
The shake was good, but not great - It was lacking some kind of je ne sais quoi. Maybe it was a generic ice cream or a missing ingredient. While I sipped I finally saw the rest of their vibrant chalkboard menu - I should have been more adventurous and tried an Oreo or mint chocolate shake. But if you can't master the basics, can you really master the fancy-pants mint chocolate?
Apparently there were more burger options, too! I was kicking myself when I saw the Deep South Burger with fried green tomato and pimento cheese. 
I bordered on speeding the 10 blocks back to my apartment to enjoy this feast. Maybe that was a mistake, but 10 small New Orleans blocks at 35 MPH should not ruin a meal. 
On second thought, I am not THAT anxious to return; the questions keep piling up: My burger was super pink on the inside (didn't think about specifying temp, but seriously?) and had an overwhelming salty aftertaste. Where was the Tru Sauce? I should've asked, but I thought "included" meant that it was indeed included, not just in the price. Darn. I loved the charm of a toasted bun, though - just like my dad used to do on the grill.  
The fries were the only thing that saved the meal - not too salty, just a bit crispy, but still soft and munchable. Great hand-cut, fresh flavor. Yum yum! Unfortunately, by the time I got home (couldn't have been more than 5 minutes), they were kind of cold and had lost their luster. But, the few I picked at on the drive tickled my tastebuds. Oh well. 
I refuse to give up hope on this place - I want it to be a hit just as much as everyone else! For everything it was $12, and for THAT I either want more food or a higher quality in the food that I got. This place is a good idea, but to make it great there needs to be something that's gonna wow 'em.I went there for the house-made gluten free bun that someone here raved about 6 months ago.  Well, that must be the last time they made their buns---6 months ago.  NO flavor, BAD texture, hard as a rock and cold.  If you can't keep it fresh, don't serve it to people!!  Now about the prices: I ordered two burgers, two drinks, and an order of Cole slaw and my bill was $29.00.  (Please notice that NO French fries were ordered). $2.50 for 6 ounces of gross coleslaw? Get over yourselves.   My son couldn't eat his entire burger and neither could I because the meat had no flavor.  If you're going to charge those prices, at least make it edible. You're charging for bread and a tiny bit of meat, so be prepared to get a few mouthfuls of bread before you get to the flavorless meat.  We left, and spent another $20 on a meal at a local Chinese restaurant. So a $50 night just to get food in our bellies.This is one of the most disgusting places I've ever been to. I saw 4 (!) mid & small-sized cockroaches, 2 crawling on our table, 1 on the floor and the last one, believe it or not, stuck dead between the Wainscoting wall trim at eye level when sitting! Large ones usually come from the outside, but mid, small sizes indicate serious infestation. I wanted to be discreet and not upset the other customers. So I approached the manager quietly and told her about the situation and suggested that they do extermination. She actually got angry at me and said that they just exterminated the place the day before and that's why the cockroaches were coming out. She gave me an attitude like I wasn't being understanding. She said that if I didn't like the food, just get a refund. So that's what I did. When the cashier asked why I didn't like the food, I told her about the cockroach infestation, to which she replied, "Oh yeah, the store did an extermination 2 weeks ago, but they keep coming back." I was appalled and rushed out of the store. When I got home and checked the return receipt, I saw that the cashier didn't refund me in full. The tax portion wasn't returned. Enough said.Update 28 March 2013:
There appears to be no quality control in the kitchen. I haven't been here in months and when I go back they serve me the worst onion rings I've ever seen. How could they serve me a fist full of greasy onion rings with some half assed batter! (see photo) My order was to go so I didn't realize till I got home. They were unedible!  I wanted to bring them back and throw a fit. But what's the use. I quit Truburger based on this experience and my previous experience. They now have 1 star instead of 3.
Ba BYE.
I like Tru Burger. I like it because they offer a veggie burger. Now, here's a place where I can take the the vegan-ish wife and not have to worry about her just having a salad or french fries. So we go there about once a month. I have the burger with cheese and sauteed onions: Simple. Classic. Tasty. I tell them well done because they have the tendency to under cook them. The french fries are big enough to share so we just get one and split it.. They are the stringy/curley kind with skins on and can be a bit soggy/wimpy depending on the day. 
So I'm happy. The wife is happy. 
Until the last time. 
And it could be the last time for the wife. The veggie burger made her sick.
So sick she has sworn off and cursed Tru Burger.
What can I say?
(head shake shoulder shrug stupid lip contortion)Being that I can take a mere 5 minute walk from my house and get these tasty gems is definitely a super plus. Love it. I've only had the burgers but they are amazing. Perfectly juicy and seasoned. They offer a discounted day for the service industry and another for Ochsner employees. Go. It's delicious.This place has a lot of potential, but I think there are still some kinks to be worked out. On the whole though, I had an enjoyable experience. The burgers here are certainly good. Their house sauce is kinda weird though. And I feel that their burgers should come with a side included, rather than charging extra for fries or onion rings. I tried their onion rings and they were ok, but not great and certainly no plentiful. For an extra two dollars, I was expecting a lot more.
The onion rings here aren't beer battered, as all good onion rings should be, but rather I felt these were more along the line of onion strings, with a thin, flaky batter that is a tad salty. Thankfully they were not bad, but they were disappointing for having to pay extra. 
Also, I'm told this place is in the process of getting its liquor license so it can serve beer. For a place that has been open since summer of 2011, I feel like it's not on top of its game. Not that a burger joint needs to serve beer - I don't care either way personally - but to intend to serve beer and not have your license months after opening, well, something is up with management. 
Finally, there seems to be a lot of discussion about the fact that the burgers here are cooked medium unless otherwise requested. I like to see how the establishment I'm eating at thinks things should be prepared, and I'm not put off by a medium burger. The quality of the patty seemed fine to me and the burger was pretty good. Medium cooked is fine.First of all go here now. 
They have the BEST milkshakes in New Orleans. I mean it. I am a milkshake freak and have been unable to find any better than the ones here. 
Second, the burgers are wonderful. My favorite is the patty melt because the tru sauce they put on it is great. The inside is very clean and your food comes out fast. I have had almost every burger on their menu and have yet to be disappointed. Do me a favor though and don't get just a plain burger. Their strengths lie in their specialty burgers. 
Don't forget to try the corndog. They make it to order and hand roll them. I had never had any desire to eat a corndog until I came here. Believe me it will be one of the best you have ever had. They also make their veggie burgers in house and I have heard they are great. Just one downer, the fries suck. Don't bother will them.It's a perfectly fine place to have a burger. It's not earth-shattering, but a quick way to enjoy a non-chain burger. 
Why only three stars? It's too hellish to park on Oak. Which is fine is you live in the neighborhood, but impossible is stopping by from Tulane during your lunch hour.Solid Burger Joint. This place is pretty good but there are better burger joints. You won't be disappointed with the quality but I wouldn't drive across town and look for parking to eat here. If I'm in the area it's on my list though.I liked it. Properly cooked beef patty, nice buns, and great fries. The milkshake is a bit so-so. Should provide malted vinegar for those fries- it'd be perfect.I'm always on the hunt for a good burger, so it's about time I tried Truburger.  We ate there for a late Friday night dinner.  Not too crowded.  It's fast casual, so you order at the counter and then they bring the food out when it's ready.  Everything seems made to order.
I built my own burgery.  It was a solid 3/5.  Patti was a little on the small side, but you can always go double patti.  I really liked the bread.  Lettuce, pickles and tomatoes seemed relatively fresh.  Lots of different sauce options.  My favorite option is the egg add-on.  Love it.  The fries were a total let down.  I thought they were barely worth eating.  Shoe-string and soggy...not a good combo.  Polished things off with a homespun chocolate shake.  Very nice.  Shari V got a burger called "The Heat".  She said it was tasty but completely lacking in said "Heat".  
Overall, I liked Truburger.  I wouldn't break my back for a return dinner, but I might grab a bite if around Oak St.  Truburger is better than Company Burger IMHO.  But my favorite to date is still Charcoals.I enjoyed the concept of the place, their burger and what they are trying to pull off...
I ordered a bacon and cheeseburger with jalapenos. Note: The jalapenos are raw, not grilled, also cut really, REALLY thick. So for the extra .50 charge you get three slices of raw thick cut jalapenos. I'm asian and I eat pretty damn spicy. But on a burger I prefer rather a THIN cut jalapeno, especially if its going to be raw, still with the seeds and NOT grilled. So, just a warning to anyone who isn't aware. 
My son got the "hot" dog. Or should I rather say COLD ass dog. The dog was cold in the middle and the cheese wasn't melted on top. That might be because the dog was COLD. 
The milkshake is worth skipping. I hope they change their concoction. Because it tasted just like cheap ice cream blended with too much milk and not much flavor, if any. 
This place is pretty new and I hope they work out all the kinks and take in everyone's input. Because I think they can pull off the perfect burger joint. It was also my first time here, so next visit I will know now how to order.It's just not that good, much like any burger joint in New Orleans in my mind.This new burger joint was a much needed addition to Oak Street. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the servings are just enough to fill me up but not so big I feel like a pig when I eat here. The fries are amazing too!! Very impressed with this new place.The uptown burger is AWESOME. Don't expect giant burgers here, but on the plus side you can have a burger and a beer and still feel moderately healthy afterwards.  The prices are decent, and there are discount days for the armed forces and Tulane/Loyola affiliates.Great burgers, fries and sweet potato chips.  We found this place through a search for a hamburger place with gluten free buns.  The buns were house made and very good according to our friend.  I got the Heat burger.  Delicious, and it lived up to its name.Great atmosphere. Good food. This my first time. Just got a basic burger, fries, and coke. It was fresh, well made, and a great burger for late night or a day off. :0) the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is peaceful.This place is pretty good! Their burgers are average, but I like their mint chocolate milkshakes. A strange homeless man licked my friend's neck outside the restaurant and then followed us in, sat with us, and tried to suggest we buy him a burger for his birthday. He was promptly and politely escorted from the establishment, which was much appreciated.Gluten-free bun is amazing and totally worth the extra dollar!! Fries are shoestring which is pretty cool and they give you A LOT,  but they are a bit too greasy for my taste. Can't beat the burgers though.Amazing burgers. Shakes, could be better. Fries are some of the best I've ever had. The burgers are flavorful and the combinations they have are great. The Heat burger is my fave, but not for one who doesn't like spicy food. Great place, cool staff, kinda pricey, but worth it if you're craving it.I ordered the double burger dressed with sauteed mushrooms and onions and an order of fries.  The angus is well-seasoned and has a unique taste... I'm told they use an angus, spare rib, and another type of meat mixture for their patties.  The burger was very juicy although cooked well-done.  The fries were tasty but some were a little browner than I prefer.  Overall, a good lunch option.  I'll be back here eventually.Really solid place - great burger, fries, milkshakes, and even hot dogs! The quality of meat here is a step above your standard burger place (read Smashburger). Yes, the patties are a bit smaller than normal, but I think it's made up for in quality. If you want more meat, get a double!
That said, Company Burger is still my favorite burger place. However, Truburger has more options and a lower starting price point (sometimes I just want to pay $5 for a burger!). So, I'd say Truburger comes in at a very close second.
Oh yeah, sriracha mayo!! Yum!I went to Tru last night and my experience was underwhelming.  Mediocre burger, average milkshakes and fries, and my friend's veggie burger looked like it was deep-fried falafel.  
Also, the owners need to purchase a microphone as it's sometimes difficult to hear the order numbers as employees yell them out.
Finally, their advertised, hyped "tru" sauce wasn't even out for consumption.  Odd.
In short, this hamburger fails to stand out among other competitors-- Yo Mama's, Phil's Grill, or Lakeview Harbor.This place has the best burgers, and they offer up several meat options. I am a fan of the Uptown burger with a turkey patty. The sauce is great too. Best shakes in the area as well.The strawberry shake made from fresh strawberries and root beer float we ordered were delish, but you can't judge a burger place on their beverages alone.  With all the new burger places popping up in New Orleans I've been on the look out for my favorite.  I felt the need to give these a try and a friend highly recommended the Uptown Burger with goat cheese and arugula.  The boyfriend got the Uptown Burger and while he seemed to enjoy it the several bites that I stole didn't impress me.  The meat itself was completely lost with the goat cheese and arugula, and I didn't get much of the sun-dried tomato taste.  I ordered the Deep South burger which came with a fried green tomato and pimento cheese.  Again, the ingredients seemed to be kind of lost on my burger and didn't taste the pimento cheese that much.  We split an order of cheese fries which were pretty good and came with real cheddar cheese on top.  Including our drinks, two burgers and a side of fries, this place ended up being pretty pricey for un-impressionable burgers.I like that I can add all kinds of things to my milkshake, so I can build a chocolate-peanut butter-banana shake and can't no one tell me not to. There's also discounts for various people, like students, first responders, and oak street business employees. Their meats are delightful and freshly ground, and their fries are the tastiest. Try the Uptown burger, with goat cheese, arugula, garlic aioli, and grilled Roma tomatoes. Or don't. I don't know your life. There's malt vinegar, if you like putting that on your fries. If you don't, it's still there. Watching you. Silently judging.We've been to Truburger three times and the food is just great.  Crispy fries, excellent cheese and chili fries and terrific hamburgers.  I am especially fond of their pimento cheese topped burgers!
On the downside - when it's busy it's difficult to get around in the space.  And once when we were there at 11:30 one of the staff spent an solid ten minutes blasting a food processor at a deafening volume.I finally made it over this way to try Truburger.
With that said, I wasn't left overly impressed. You go in and place your order. I decided on the single with bacon and cheese. My friend got a double with cheese and bacon and we split an order of onion rings. We ordered, we sat down and we waited. The place wasn't overly busy for a Sunday afternoon, so we had our order in about 5 minutes.
The burger wasn't bad at all, but it wasn't anything really special. I found it kind of small and the flavor was nice, but it wasn't super amazing. I did like that the bacon on it was nice and thick and full of flavor. The onion rings were tasty and made a nice little addition to the meal.
I didn't get to try one of their milkshakes, but I did get an icy cold Barq's in the bottle which is one of my favorite treats, so that was nice.
All in all, I would probably go back, if I was craving a burger and found myself in this area, but I would probably end up choosing another burger place or getting some other food all together. Good not great. A solid three stars.Delicious veggie burger.  A bit crumbly, but not dry, and good flavor.   I also had the hot dog and it was really good.  The fresh jalapeno pepper touch was nice and the bun held it all together with out falling apart.
I am not a fan of the fries.  The first batch was cool, and the second (replacement serving) was just barely warm. Salt was the flavor.  I guess I am not a fan of fresh cut fries, and that is OK, it didn't take away from the main courses(if you can call a hot dog and burgers mains).   
Vanilla shake was just that, but better tasting than what you would get at a Wendy's or McDonalds.  Kind of tasted like fresh milk.   Solid 3 star shake, but then again, I am not a connoisseur of shakes, fries, or burgers for that matter.
Seems like a sterile, Ikea  esque decorated place, could be anywhere, nothing screams that it is a locally owned business or that I am dining in New Orleans,  but that is OK, I know I am on Oak Street.    I do not need reminders of where I am.  Yet. 
Flat screen TV's were not operational at the time of my visit.  Service staff was accommodating and pleasant.   Will visit again.  Seems great for kids and families.I went here for lunch today because I was really in the mood for a burger. I usually go to High Hat for my burgers, but I decided to mix it up and head over to Tru Burger. I felt like the wait was a little long for just a burger and a corn dog when the place only had a half dozen other patrons in the house, most of them already eating when I arrived. I was salivating over their menu online and couldn't wait to bite into the Deep South burger. I posted a picture of what I received which was a patty that was nowhere near the size of the bun and, in fact, the fried green tomato that topped it off was BIGGER than the burger patty. I still gave the place two stars as the burger itself wasn't BAD, just incredibly disappointing. The one leaf of lettuce and onions that looked less than fresh only added to my disappointment. I'll get my burger fix elsewhere for sure.Love this place from the beginning  but then it started to go downhill as far as service and consistency of hours clearly from the result of changing ownership. Glad to say that the new owners are amazing and the food is still excellent and the service is top notch. Cheese fries are awesome, burgers (the buns) are excellent and the shakes the best around. Also very cold beer. Glad its back!!!Over priced for the quality of the food. The presentation of the burger was far more appealing than the flavor. The burger meat had no flavor. All I tasted was the garnishments. 
Although the fries were plentyful, they were over done.
This was not close to what I anticipated from New Orleans cuisine. 
The reason it even gets two stars is that the Root Beer float was the bomb...but not much one can do to screw that up is it?I stop in every time I'm in the neighborhood to get a burger from here. The burgers are absolutely amazing and consistent with every visit. The staff is great and recognizes frequent customers by name. The restaurant itself is nice and has a good ambience.Based on this place's low ratings, I was not expecting much. I was so surprised by my first visit that I had to make a second one a couple of weeks later to confirm. And, it delivered again. 
I would put this place as top 5 burgers in the city easily. To give perspective, my current rankings:
1. LPG
2. Luke
3. Cowbell
4. Truburger 
5. High Hat Cafe 
Excellent topping choices and great 
 quality meat. I ordered medium both times--I would have liked more pink but it was amazing regardless. The hand cut fries were pretty standard but tasty. I will definitely be coming back.Sad to say... I was terribly underwhelmed. 
   I work on Oak, and had been anticipating the opening of this spot for quite some time. Knowing in was in the Patois family had me all interested, but I was disappointed...
   I had a veggie burger, dressed with Swiss. The mister had a double with cheddar and jalapenos, and our friend had the single with cheddar and chili. 
   First of all, the veggie was just plain wierd. It was obviously beet based- which I can get into- but the thing disolved into a mushy disaster after a bite or two. The pressence of 3 bayleaves in my sammie was pretty saddening too. Shouldnt those be pulled our prior to service? It's one thing for soups to have em, but in the middle of my burger? They're pretty awful to bite into. 
   Also strange; my mushy patty was messier than my friends chili burger. Isnt that the point of a chili burger? She was a little disheartened.
All-in-All not bad, just disappointing. They are, however working on coming up with more, so lets give it time...I gave Tru Burger two chances. The sign in the joint says all burgers are cooked medium unless otherwise requested. Cool... I get it. My first time, I ordered a burger, medium well. When it's comes, I thought I had a murder victim on my bun. The thing was bleeding all over the place. I ate about about half and then quit. I decided to give them a 2nd chance. I told the server "please make sure this burger is medium well because the last one was really rare." She replies "oh yes sir." I get the burger, and the blood has already started soaking into the bun. I bit into it and the burger is so raw, i just left it there in disgust and walked out. If you can't get the burger cooked right, you can't have my business...My buddy and I ate here yesterday, and I loved their food and service.  Basically you get to build your own burger, beef or veggie (this review is regarding the beef burger).  It was made to order, with fried egg (1.25$ extra), and they have all sorts of add-ons, as everything is al-a-carte.  I like that they asked how I wanted the egg prepared because I like mine over-easy, as opposed to hard.  The fries were perfect for my taste, shoe string, and fresh.  ALL the food was hot, and nicely prepared.  A single burger starts at 6.25$, and a double is 8$.  Their onion rings were awesome as well.  I lightly seasoned and coated, not heavy (my buddy got those).  He's a bodybuilder and couldn't finish his double-patty burger.  So yes, the patties are a decent size.  They offer a variety of milk shakes, but I didn't order one; however they looked yummers.  If you do go, and are hungry, be sure to get some of the stuffed jalapeños, totally awesome.  If found the prices to be true to the area.  I've read some of the less-than-enthusiastic review and I understand that food reviews are by individual tastes, but I would recommend going.  I'm a bit of a burger snob, so I was really impressed with this place.  The location is on trendy-ish Oak off of S. Carrollton.  Walked there from my buddies house, but there is a lot of street parking in the area.  Lastly, the employees are very friendly and accommodating to requests.  I chatted with them briefly, and I could honestly say that if one had an issue with food, or expiration dates, etc., then they would rectify the situation.  I think a lot of times people errantly post negative feedback, instead of just talking with the establishment, but this is what social media has created.I wasnt too excited about coming here, but I must say, I was impressed. The ingredients were pretty fresh, and the burger wasnt (too) greasy. The price was on point, and the girl calling out orders has the loudest voice ive ever heard. I want her to come to a Zephyrs game with me and heckle the visitors. 
This place is good if you happen to be in the area, or want to grab some food before a show at Maple Leaf. However, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, there are just too many great resturants in this city.The burgers are delicious, a little pricey for a burger but you get what you pay for. The cheese fries were also delicious. I believe the onion rings would be better if purple onions were used.
My wife also ordered a cookies and creme shake before we left and finished it before we got to the car.Ooooo the burgers are delicious. The fries are fresh cut and to die for Yesssss!!!! I'll be back yum!!!!Delicious!  A friend and I went on a Sunday afternoon for lunch - each got a burger (I got the Uptown- goat cheese, arugula, roasted tomatoes and garlic aioli -it was delightful).  We shared cheese fries a chocolate milkshake (one of the best I've had recently).  
The service was quick and friendly, prices are reasonable and atmosphere is nice and casual.  Plenty of tvs for those who come in to watch the Saints play.Delicious, juicy burgers and pretty good fries. A great addition to the neighborhood. Next time, I'll try the hot dog. 
One complaint: The chocolate milkshake is made with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce, instead of chocolate ice cream. Just a personal preference I guess, but I think a chocolate shake should be made with chocolate ice cream.
I can't decide if I like this or Cowbell better. They both serve a damn good burger.Once I got held up in a bad part of town. The robber took my wallet, cell phone, and shoes for good measure. After I gave up my possessions the robber just stared at me for a good few seconds. He pulled out a knife with his other hand and started to approach me slowly. Closer... and closer... and closer, until he was directly in my face, putting his mouth in my ear and whispered "check out Tru Burger on oak street uptown. Their burgers are the best in town, they really hook you up on the fries, and their shakes? Don't get me started on their shakes" then he just ran off.
After this surreal experience, I knew I had to check this place out. I gotta say... I LOVE THIS PLACE! I've been here many times, and plan on returning many more times! Best burger and fries in town!Burgers!  I'll admit, Truburger was not on the top of my burger list.  Cowbell was closed. TCB was closed.  Okay, let's try it.
Well, 1, truburger is open more often than the other burger joints, which is tight.  2, their service is fast and clean.  3, they made my medium rare burger perfectly.
truburger makes small patties (compared to current restaurant standards) but they satisfied me, because the ground beef is excellent.  i got the standard burger with cheddar, with all the fixins' i wanted, and my burger was less than 6 bucks.  the burger joint definitely gets a star for the price.  new outdoor seating makes it comfortable and loungeable.  awesome beer specials during the week (1 dollar abita!).  i'm not a big fan of shoestring fries, but that seems to be all they serve. 
i'd try truburger if you've got a hankerin' for a fast and easy burger above fast food quality.  the place isn't going to blow you away, it's not a gourmet burger, but it's simple and tasty.I enjoyed it very much, and feel that it is better than a few other restaurants in the area. I did not have any problems with the staff, and enjoyed my burger, and those crispy little fries. I can see how it would not be everyone's cup of tea, but going in with absolutely no expectations I thought it was very good.As a vegetarian, this is my favorite burger joint in the city. I personally recommend an uptown veggie burger with fries and an oreo milkshake.I can't say it more Plain and simple. I don't know what anyone can say good about the place or its foodNot bad, not great. Decent for a quick bite, though there are definitely better burger spots in the neighborhood. Try Company Burger if you have a choice.Got a Deep South Burger tonight.  The bun was not just soggy, it was WET.  And the meat was completely rare.  Completely disgusting.  I don't know why I strayed from Company Burger - I won't be doing that again.I seldom eat burgers out, but decided to break my hiatus recently.  I was pretty excited to go to a joint that is all about burgers.  Sadly, I was underwhelmed with the Tru treatment.  The burger was a bit shy on flavor but still too heavy.  I thought the fat was supposed to be what makes it taste good.  The strawberry shake I had was even more disappointing.  It had a plastic, full of stabilizers, soft serve quality and very little flavor.  I'd give the burger another shot, but the milkshake needs a serious overhaul.Seriously, the best burger place in town. But I only say that because I'm a vegetarian and their veggie burger (made with beets and  black beans) is amazing. Shoestring fries are really good too. Good selection of toppings, friendly staff.During my stay in New Orleans I needed to grab a quick bite before getting my nails done so I yelped to see what was around and found truburger. The meal was great. I had the Charlie which has Swiss cheese bacon and coleslaw. I thought the slaw could have been seasoned a little bit more but was still a great addition. The bun on the burger was buttered and grill which made it even better. My boyfriend had the chicken sandwich which was also very good. Like other reviews mentioned, get one of their milkshakes. They're crazy good and  I'm very particular about my milkshakes lol. They give you a lot of fries so you will be full by the end of your meal.This burger place is pretty decent. I heard some people say that the burgers were really greasy but I didn't find this to be true. I did feel a bit rushed while I'm ordering - I was debate no between The Heat, Tru Blue, The Charlie, and The Deep South. 
I opted for The Heat and fries (even through I wish I got the jalapeño poppers instead) and an iced tea. Now, I know people buy off brand sugar substitutes but -seriously - if I want to poison by body with Splenda or Equal offering me some off brand sweeter in the same color packet isn't the same. 
The burger was a decent size and the small fries was more than I could eat.Very nice atmosphere, excellent location, and probably one of the best burgers in NOLA. With a creative menu and authenticity, Truburger lives up to it's reputation.The portions here are huge! My big fat veggieburger looked like it was cooked medium rare- dark and crispy on the outside but red on the inside, thanks to beets. Not only was it a fun color but the beets added a nice flavor. The texture of this burger was really good too. I got onion rings as my side. I got a lot of them and they were cut thick. However the batter tasted a little, hmm, maybe almost stale. It did not stop us from eating them though. My guy got the fries. Again, he got a lot and they were pretty good-thin fries and super crispy with some really good little burn bits. As you can tell from my other reviews I love flavored and fun condiments. The garlic mayo and sriracha catsup were really good. I'm so glad that New Orleans finally has lots of good solid veggieburger options these days.Tru Burger is a welcome addition to the casual restaurant scene in Uptowns Oak Street neighborhood. Serving well made, tasty hamburgers and hot dogs with a special "Tru" sauce and other fixings, including bacon, various cheeses, chili and sauteed onions, at a reasonable additional cost. The "Tru" sauce was a deliciously semi spicy BBQ tasting dipping or slathering sauce, depending on ones mood. 
Tru Burger also provides its patrons "real" Coke and other Mexican sodas, made of course, with actual sugar, no high fructose corn syrup here. Other drink options, such as Saratoga Springs fizzy and flat bottled waters are available as well, a real plus that they are presented in glass bottles and not plastic. 
Service is prompt and courteous, the decor is a little mixed, with industrial Edison style bulbs which hang a little too high over over the counter, metal stools which compliment the metal door frame of the kitchen and comfortable, yet oddly mismatched chairs (to those at the counter) and long benches built against the wall. The stained glass partitions, while nice, are somewhat of a style distraction, as they don't blend well with the part industrial, part laid back decor of the wooden chairs. 
My only objection is the use of Styrofoam containers, which can take up to 1 million year to decompose, for the in house dining hot dogs and plastic condiment cups, which given how quickly they are used, should be made of compostable paper.I am a huge fan of Truburger. Their veggie patty is one of the best in the city, made with beets so it has a slightly sweet flavor. I always get "The Heat" with a veggie patty and I just LOVE the way the sweetness of the burger and the spice of the toppings work together. They also have amazing homemade jalapeño poppers and milkshakes.Hubby and I stopped in for a burger last night - first visit and we will be back!  Staff was great and the crowd was fun! We sat on stools at the window and watched the street life go by while listening to some good tunes while waiting on our burgers.  We customized the Truburger by adding Sriracha mayo and each had Swiss cheese and onions.  We expected grilled onions but turned out to be thin cut onion rings - yummy!  I ordered my burger medium and my husband ordered medium rare - the meat was cooked spot on, but we couldn't tell which was which until we cut into the patties - (hint to mgmt: note which order is which when served). That aside, the burgers were delicious and we couldn't even finish the order of onion rings that we split, not because we didn't try - it's a huge order of yummynessThe burger was good...a little on the rare side for my tastes, but delicious and very reasonably priced.
Don't bother with the fries...they were good and all but they don't give you very many for the price.  Like Christine says, they got nothing on the Dat Dog fries.
No liquor license, so they let us BYOB.
I want to go back sometime and get a milkshake...they had a fancy milkshake-making station...I've been wanting to try this place for a while. And they have great choices of speciality burgers. It's a little cheaper than company burger I think. Definitively my favorite burger joint.Hm, like everyone else, we were anxiously awaiting for a quick burger  option on Oak.  Love Cowbell, but a quicker, cheaper option is a plus:).  Well, They have pulled off the quicker...  The cheaper, well not so much.  By the time that you add toppings, side's & drinks, your bill has added Up!  $2.50 for bottled soda's, fyi.  Like other reviewer's have a big issue with the amount of toppings for the $.  Not well.  I can buy an avocado for 99 cents, why would I (again) pay $1 for one thin slice?  Wasn't clear about exactly what the Tru Sauce was.  On trip 2 asked the counter person what it actually was.  It was sarcastically explained, along with eye rolling from the kitchen.  I'm sorry, there was No physical or taste evidence of Anything being added to the burgers.  Decent sweet potato fries.  On second visit I tried a Hot Dog.  I did like the chili & the relish.  Enjoyed it.  Love the Buns. 
Must say expected more and agree with the previous poster that they should have stuck with the "Keep Oak Street Funky Vibe".  Future visits will have me sticking with Hotdog & fries or take out burgers I can add my own toppings to.  Hope they step it up.  They could be a Great addition the the neighborhood.Went there tonight for the first time. We had the patty melt which was a special and a regular burger and both were so good! The onion rings were good too! Not that fake, frozen onion rings. ALSO! The best part was the Oreo Malt and Shake that we got! To die for! My husband ordered a chicken sandwich, which they ended up being out of chicken, so he just ordered the burger. The super nice guy who worked the register made a shake for my husband as an apology for being out of the chicken! How nice is that!? We will definitely be back.I wanted to love Tru Burger. I went there on a Thursday night after a long day and was hungry. I was impressed that they offer such a simple menu with quality items and that one of the two options is a veggie burger. Love that. 
So I ordered my veggie burger and shared some of my friends' fries. The fries were just okay. I wouldn't order them again and I only ate a handful. There's just something missing there. I'm thinking it's because I ate DatDog fries the day before and they are far superior. Back to my burger- it was only described as a veggie burger so I wasn't expecting anything in particular. It ended up being smashed veggies that had been deep fried (reminding some of my friends of a red falafel). I was happy that Tru Burger went out of their way to make their own! But then I tried to eat it. My bun was cold, thick, and almost stale tasting. The burger was super fried with oil leaking out and the actual burger immediately slid out of the bun in a gloppy mess. The taste was okay so I got out my fork and just scooped the burger up leaving the bun. 
I think 2 stars really fits where Tru Burger is right now. The atmosphere was nice and clean and I appreciated that but the quality of the food was poor. Also, the waiters kept walking around screaming people's order numbers and no one would hear that their order was being called so it would be repeated over and over. 
I think my friends enjoyed their meaty burgers but for what I had I wouldn't go back.Great burgers , they keep weird hours and you never know when they will be open. I would go more if they were consistent with hours of operation.  The wings come one way, fried with a dipping sauce that's not very good. I will be back to try the milkshake if I can catch them open.Truburger is good enough that my daughter chose to go here for her birthday. It is a bit on the pricey side due to the organic nature of everything they serve, but it tastes wonderful. I just wish the portions were a bit larger. I really like their milkshakes. Nice and thick.Super noms burgers! The burgers and eggs were cooked perfectly! The peanut butter chocolate shake was wonderful! All the sauces were really good (sriracha mayo, garlic mayo, creole mustard)! The staff was super friendly and the atmosphere was cute!Another new burger joint that has popped up in this city. Friendly staff. Nice to be able to grab a quick dinner if you've been studying all day at Rue. Doesn't really offer anything that other burger joints don't already, but the burgers were good enough. A single with a side is plenty of food. The fries here are actually pretty awesome, thin, crispy, and salty, mmmm. Thumbs down for not keeping the flavored mayos on ice -- they looked like they'd been sitting out in bottles all day and made me wonder...Had onion rings (which were so so) and some shakes, nothing special. Didn't have the burgers so can't speak to that but seems like plenty of other places around might be better.Their burgers are actually pretty good - although SPOILER ALERT: the Tru Sauce or whatever is basically A1 (not a particularly bad thing but it's not going to rock your world or anything) - but literally every time I've been there they've screwed up my order in some way.  Also, they really need to boost their avocado levels.  I'm also not a big fan of their hot dogs, although I've heard people praise them.  Anyway, I wouldn't avoid it necessarily, but brace yourself for some frustrating serviceMy burger was quite enjoyable.  I had a swiss cheese burger with lettuce, grilled onions, avocado, jalapenos, tomato, and I think I remember adding some Sriracha Mayo sauce.  Add a cheap PBR, and you've got a meal, yum.Soggy fries.  When you're only serving a few items, you should get them right.Tried the deep south burger. Pimento cheese with fried green tomato. Pretty frigging good.Truly enjoy the burgers here.  I usually get the jalepeno one and it's delicious.  They serve yummy milkshakes also.  Serves Creekstone meat which is fantastic.The last couple of weeks my daughters and I have popped in here a couple of times.  
The first time my oldest had an ear infection and it was hard for her to eat, so we just got a chocolate shake (which was fantastic!) and a couple of those beloved Mexican cokes.  I'm tempted to raise them a star just for having them.  Real sugar!  Yum!  I had seen them tweeting about the jalapeño cheddar poppers and they sounded so good  And, indeed they were.  Not at all that sysco crap.  These poppers were made with love by hand.
The second time we came to sit down and eat.  That's when I noticed the uneasy vibe from the customers.  It was kind of busy and it was just a bit too chaotic  in there.  People wondering around filling drinks, looking for condiments, trying to figure out where to order.  Being a service industry veteran, and having opened several restaurants myself, I honestly feel like they are having an identity crisis.  They are providing basically "bar food" service in a family friendly restaurant.  It just isn't going to work. And a word of warning, they change the menu a lot.  Those poppers I told ya about before, the cashier told us won't be on the menu anymore.  And they were doing a French fry plate with cheese curds and gravy a while back.  I didn't see it offered when we were there.  
The kitchen isn't consistent from the day shift to the night shift, so there isn't much communication between shifts going on in the back or the house, i would guess. We got 3 poppers the first time we ordered then and then 5 the second time.  I can tell they are just in the process of figuring out what works and what doesn't, kinks typical with a new restaurant.  Since it's so close to home I'm sure I'll be popping in from time to time just for the chocolate malt.  
Now let's talk burgers.  While they are by no means my favorite (I heart Yo Mamma's), they aren't bad.  I do agree that they are a little under seasoned, the toppings are a bit on the skimpy side, but for the price, I thought it was about par.  Next time I'll just order extra cheese. And for the record, I liked the little salty fries, they compliment a chocolate malt perfectly.  
My advice is table service.  The ordering in the front, while standing awkwardly, the people wondering around filling drinks, the bussing of the tables and general cleanliness of the front, the screaming of your name to pick up your food and then weaving though the people to get it safely to your table.  The overall feel of the place would be totally alleviated with having a couple of waitress.I wish Truburger was everything it could be.  Sometimes I don't necessarily want to drive halfway across town to make life decisions I am sure to regret at The Company Burger, or sit down for half an hour and awkwardly flirt with the pretty waitresses while having lunch at Cowbell.  Sometimes I just want to grab some takeout, and a simple delicious burger and fries would hit the spot perfectly...but Truburger never seems to do so.  They don't have particularly well textured patties, or impressive buns.  They don't use natural ground beef on their $5 single patty hamburgers (in case you haven't caught on by now, "Angus" is simply a breed and has no bearing on how the animal was treated in life or how many antibiotics and steroids it was pumped full of), though grinding in-house is a nice touch (if only it resulted in a juicier burger).
The fries are nicely crispy, though thin enough that I find them irritating to eat, trying to gather enough at a time to make it feel like a whole bite.  I am willing to chalk that one up to personal preference.
Maybe Truburger simply underestimated the competition that was coming down the pike when they opened their take on the upscale burger joint - but whatever the reason, the mediocre offerings here are truly eclipsed by other local standouts.Truburger has a vegetarian burger that tastes and appears different than many I have had. It tasted succulent and firm, not mushy or like bland tofu.  The patty looked red, almost like beets.  My girlfriend tried the beef patty and it came out well cooked and moist.
You can choose from a menu of fixings or a chef's combination, such as the Uptown.   
The buns felt homemade, speckled with flour and thick. Truburger also offers gluten free buns. 
I would definitely recommend.Ordered burger, lettuce, sauteed mushrooms and Swiss.  Side of onion rings.
Cashier asks if I would like the burger cooked medium, yes, yes I would. Always promising when a place is willing to serve a burger properly cooked.  Too bad it was actually cooked well done and dry. Yes it had a good sear on it, but not the juicy pink inside I was looking for.
Onion rings are probably a worse disaster than the burger. The onions are hand cut, unevenly and too thick. The batter is no doubt very runny as half the onion had no batter at all.  Also they didn't peal off all the papery outside later before cutting the onions, so some rings were leather and the rest were too raw. Seasoning in batter was spot on.The burger was good, though a little thin for me. Don't forget to specify how you want your burger cooked! Fries were ok, not bad, just ok. I can't wait to try the hot dog.
My friend paid for jalapenos but did not receive them. When she went back to the counter to get them, she was ignored for a good 5 minutes. Eventually one of the girls got them for her and all was right in the world.
All in all, it's not bad.Had a wonderful time until I sent the fries back and requested another order of rings. I guess the cook was pissed and burned the onion rings. Wow never coming back after that performance.FILTHY RESTROOM 
Food was fair. Paid extra for tiny bits of toppings. Dog was cold. Shake was good. RESTROOM WAS FILTHY - looked like it never gets cleaned. If they don't clean the bathrooms, I wonder what the kitchen looks like. We will not return to this dirty place.Okay, yes, the milkshakes are amazing.  But the place is called Truburger... and the burgers are terrible.
I got a very simple cheeseburger with onion and pickle.  It looked wonderful, just what I wanted from a griddle-style skinny burger.  But it tasted... completely blah.  Maybe they don't season the patties at all, even with salt & pepper?  I got about halfway through on the strength of hunger and then forced myself to finish it.
I can make darn tasty griddled burgers by grinding some chuck roast and throwing on some salt and pepper.  No special cuts of meat, no special treatment or special seasoning.  It is not difficult.  How can a burger place possibly be getting it this wrong?I'm definitely no burger elitist so I'm pretty easy to please. The burger was great! I had a Single Burger with Swiss and Tru Sauce. It was very yummy I'm not exactly sure whats in the Tru Sauce, but I absolutely enjoyed the tangy flavor of my burger. The fries were pretty decent, it's definitely not a great choice after leaving the gym (well maybe this is just my problem). I overall enjoyed my meal here.
The location is great. I love Oak Street so it was nice finding this location tucked away across the street from Blue Cypress Books. Clean Location with reasonable prices. What I like the most about this location is the window seating. Being able to sit on a stool, enjoy a burger as I look out on the street was a pretty cool way for me to spend lunch.I'd definitely add Truburger to the list of top New Orleans burger joints. I wouldn't put them above Company Burger, Port of Call or Cowbell but they make a solid burger. It kind of reminds me of a newer age Johnny Rockets.Good burgers, but the meat patties are a little small.  I ordered mine medium well, and it was well done. Friendly service.The burgers are cheap and good. There are lots of options for toppings, and I love that they have chocolate mint milkshakes. This is a great place to have in the neighborhood to satisfy a quick burger craving. I've been here three times since we tried it a couple months ago.The first time I came here they had only been open for a month or so. I went back this week (mid-August 2011) and this time my experience was much better. The food is good. It won't knock your socks off with flavor or presentation, but it's a good, thin, burger. If you can afford the extra toppings (0.50 or 1.00 each) you can put just about anything on it. I put grilled onions and cheddar cheese on mine and it's a solid 3/5 burger. 
The real reason to come here is for a side of the french fries late at night when you get that craving. Fries are 10/10. Thin cut, not very greasy, good portion. 
I saw advertisements for "French fries with debris gravy and melted cheese" when I was last there... I will definitely try these out next time. 
Atmosphere is very sterile. Everything is clean, which is great for a restaurant, but it is a direct 180 degrees from a place like Dat Dog on Freret which is bursting at the seams with interesting culture/decorations/dog names. Tru Burger feels like it could be located in any city of the US, not just New Orleans, which doesn't bode will for its longevity.The bun, the vegetable toppings were very good. The atmosphere is enjoyable. The burger itself didn't have much sear or flavor, but was cooked properly.
I'd probably give it another chance one day, but it's hard to pass up company burger if I need  a ground beef fix.What a damn shame.  I wanted to leave Tru Burger at least three, and maybe four stars.  I've been here twice and rather enjoyed it.  Decent burgers, fair milkshakes, incredibly grating servers screaming order numbers (the worst possible system for a square, hard-walled room with music and televisions).  Much more reasonably priced - and arguably tastier - than Cowbell, if a burger's what you need.
Tonight I'm in the mood for a snacky dinner so I walk over for some chili cheese fries.  The place is almost full, but there's a hand-written sign on the door that says "Out of Buns!" Well, okay, that's a little weird for you to be out of something you really should have in surplus, but it's a good thing I don't need a bun.
I stand up at the counter for about thirty seconds until the gal stocking the soda fridge decides to acknowledge me and say "we're out of buns."  I say, "that's cool, I just want an order of chili cheese fries."  She rolls her eyes, says "let me check with the kitchen," steps behind a partition, immediately turns around and walks back to me making a throat cutting motion with her hand, which must be Oak Street Sign Language for "we're cockblocking your dinner, and we don't care if you ever come back," because at this point I think I won't.Eh, they are ok. Nothing super awesome. I didn't really like the fries. I won't.be going back. My sister on the other hand thinks this is the most amazing place in the world. I think it is because she forgot what a burger from Chicago tastes like and this is one of the best options in New OrleansMy first (but definitely not my last) time here.  2 Excellent juicy cheese burgers with crispy hand made fries, and 2 fountain drinks.  $17 plus tip. 
It hit the spot.  Next time I'll try the milkshakes.Turned around at 8:30 when the sign says they're opened till 9...the gal was rude.. immediately after we walked in she said 'we're closed' no greeting, sorry or anything. At least change the hours out front. We'll give it a while and maybe be back.This place changed owners since the end of 2016, and boy, the change is great! If you've noticed, majority of the reviews from 2017 til now have been great! If you've had a bad experience with this place back then, I'd give it another shot. Great customer service and great food! The consistency of this place is on point! Enjoy and cheers!I've been twice in two weeks and I thought it was great both times so very consistent.  I see a few reviews that complain about Tru Burger's prices but $5 for a cheeseburger beats any fast food chains prices and they blow fast food out of the water.  Anyone who read a review that said, "Bud's Broiler is better...." please disregard because I like Bud's but there's no way they're better than Tru Burger.  
I rated this a 4 and not a 5 only bc I think expectations of Tru Burger were different than what they really are.  I don't believe that this is a bad place but I think we all thought that the guys from Patois were opening a gourmet or specialty burger place.  This is not that, they are doing burgers the right way.  Everything is made in house, fresh ingredients and made to order.  I'll be back again soon and often!Upon entering, you try and read the menu and get confused since not all their ingredients are on the ingredient list. While ordering, the lady helping us was not actually helping. She kept confusing what we were asking for. After ordering and somehow paying over $15 for a small burger and a beer, I had to remind them about 5 minutes later to actually pour my beer, instead of serving every customer behind us and giving them their drinks. Then unfortunately, the food arrived. They had messed up the burger order and forgot the fries my friend had ordered. 
The burger itself: A white wheat, dry, sub-par bun. Tasteless burger. Poorly assembled. 4 pieces of chopped avacado I paid $1.00 for and did not contain the 'trusauce' they had explained to me CAME ON THE BURGER
Fries: either over-salted or under cooked or just plain NASTY tasting. 
I will never go back again. You want a good hamburger? Lee's on Vets. Flavorful hand pressed meat, toasted good bun and perfectly dressedI've been here a few times before and always left unimpressed. But I came again today to give it another try since I hear they are under new management. And wow. So much better.
Uptown burger - this burger was so good! My bf ordered it medium, but I normally like it medium rare. So of course I thought it could have been a little juicier. It was topped with garlic mayo, roasted tomatoes, arugula, and goat cheese. That combo! Everything just melded together perfectly. Such a good burger. 
Chicken burger - I wish I could say as much good things about this burger. The chicken was cut thick and a little dry. It came with some type of dressing and fried onions. I loved the fried onions, but I think it needs more veggies or something to it. 
Cheese fries - melted cheddar on top of hand cut French fries. I also ordered a side of chili since I don't like my fries soggy. These fries were so good. They weren't shoe string fries, but they were cut pretty thin, which made is soooo super crunchy. Even with the cheese melted on top. And it's a pretty good size.Oh man, they accidently let some kind of strawberry sauce used in their shakes or something, but kept in the same type of plastic container as their ketchup, get left out and put in place of ketchup on my table. It took a moment to figure out what the heck was wrong with my fries, good thing i did not put it on my burger. Overall the burger was alright, better than fast food but nothing to rave about. The fries are thin McDonalds style which is not the type I prefer. The staff was nice though they do have a very loud woman calling out the orders, which is kind of amusing. Maybe this place has potential but there is still work to do.I'm constantly on the lookout for the best burger in New Orleans.  Is this it?  No.  It is a good burger though but the size of the burger for the price just doesn't do it for me.  Perhaps I went in there expecting too much.  I do that sometimes but overall I was pretty underwhelmed.  It could have been the staff.  Everyone in there was like a zombie.  No personalities at all and no one even looking like they were enjoying themselves.  That can ruin the mood for me.  My burger was undercooked but was not bad.  Wasn't great either.   It's not like they asked how I wanted it cooked anyhow.  The fries were pretty good.  Overall the search continues for the best burger in New Orleans..
UPDATE:  Second visit was much better.  Burger was cooked perfectly and was delicious and service was much better.  Still not the best burger in New Orleans.  The quest continues. Will it ever end? I hope not.Tru Burger was truly disappointing.  A friend of mine from downtown came up to Carrollton specifically to try out the new burger joint in town.  What a let-down!
The decor was clean and modern, if a tad cold and institutional, especially amongst the thrift-store chic aesthetic of Oak Street.  The food was both bland and over-priced:  we spent $30 for two burgers, chili cheese fries and shakes.
Both the burgers and fries were literally swimming in grease.  The burger was bland; even the grilled onions had no flavor.  The chili on the fries was tasty, and is likely good on the hot dogs, but was far too greasy for use on shoestring fries, which were a soggy mess. There was hardly any discernible flavor in the shakes - I've had better at a fast-food restaurant.  
I will say that the service - what little there was - was friendly, but I left feeling totally ripped-off.  You're basically getting sub-par diner food at twice the price.  If you're in Carrollton and want a tasty gourmet burger, try Cowbell further down Oak, or for a more-satisfying diner type experience, go to the Camellia Grill at the Riverbend. Tru Burger is not worth your time or your money.I had to revisit my scathing service-oriented review of a few weeks ago. We returned to Tru Burger at my wife's insistence, an employee recognized me and remembered what happened previously, and we were served a complimentary milkshake, which proved to be delicious.Turkey Burgers were good, sides were good. Cleanest place we ate in New Orleans. NOLA does not have health inspections, which they need. This place got 5 stars for good food, and clean environment. Not amazing,  but worth the money.I rarely side against my fellow reviewers but I must in this one. This is home to one of the best burgers in the city. The burger was cooked to order, juicy, big and a great choice of toppings full of flavor. The fries are not that great so choose another side but overall this is a very underrated burger.I LOVE Tru Burger. Super fresh food, great branding, and the staff are the nicest. I highly recommend you stop by this place if you are on Oak Street.Staff was kind of rude and pressed us to order when there was no one else waiting in line. So-so food.Best hamburgers fresh and delightful and their vanilla malts milkshake omg!!!!! And customer service one of the most punctual you will find or encounter in nola!!My first veggie burger at Tru Burger was awesome. Despite the fact that they messed up my entire order, I loved it so much that I recommended it to all my friends and couldn't wait to go back! However, the second time around, I was pretty disappointed with the quality of my veggie burger. It fell into the trap of being too mushy and seeming barely cooked in the middle. I will probably go again to give it another try, but let's just say I'm not as big of a fan as I once was...Located on Oak St, just off St Charles, is this small, but great burger shop. Featuring a small range of speciality burgers with a variety of different patties(beef, chicken, turkey, or veggie), you'll definitely be able to make something to your liking. 
The venue itself is quite nice. Very minimal outdoor seating encourages you to step inside and enjoy the coolness of the restaurant. With multiple benches and settings over looking Oak St, bench and seating over looking the serving area or just tables and chairs, there's a spot for everyone. 
Located on every table are the condiments you'll need to add that extra little bit of flavor to your meal. Ketchup, mayonnaise, mustard, Louisiana hot sauce, salt, and pepper with an endless of supply of napkin to keep you looking fresh. There are also free refills on soda located in the pick-up-your-food area. 
Finally, the food! I bought an Uptown Burger with a beef patty, cooked well done. The burger comes with arugula, sun-dried tomatoes, and goat cheese. It tasted quite nice! Though I was disappointed with the overall size of the burger, it was much smaller than I imagine it would be. 
We also got a side of large fries. Well, the fries definitely filled what the burger failed to. When they say large, they're under exaggerating, it was a very big serving! They tasted okay, nothing too special as they were simply, plain fries. We also bought a strawberry milkshake. This was deliciously sweet and you could tell they used real strawberries in it and not just flavoring. 
There were a few negatives that I must mention though:
*the cashier wasn't at all friendly, looked like he didn't want to be there
*burger size was smaller than what I'd hoped
*we saw a cockroach dart across the floor, now this was near the door so I'm unsure if it originated in the restaurant or not BUT we still saw one
Overall, it was a good, filling lunch. Recommended!Luv this place! My favorite burger joint I have found in the last year. I love the fries and the milkshakes are great! Def will be a repeat customer.I didn't care for the beet patty that they offered as their veggie burger. I thought the fries would've been better if they didn't have so much salt on them. I don't think there will be a second run for me at this place.This was a refreshing visit on Oak street.  The burger was very good.  Glad to see a burger joint on oakPretty decent burgers at a fair price. Fries were just so so.
Awesome milk shakes.
Nice ladies running the place.
Pretty basic restaurant. Not one for a romantic date. :-)
Cold tea however no hot tea.
Clean.New Orleans is in need of more fast-casual restaurants. The city seems to have lots of fine dining / expensive places and lots of po boy shops and fast food with not much in the middle. Tru Burger attempts to fill that middle ground - selling a premium product in a casual setting for a quick meal.
I ordered a double cheeseburger with swiss & bacon and a chocolate peanut butter shake. The burger came out within 5 minutes and looked pretty greasy. The patties were sufficiently large and the toppings looked fresh. Unfortunately, I didn't order the tru sauce, thinking it was available at the condiment bar. One bite into the burger revealed two prevailing tastes - an extreme beefiness that isn't present in 95% of the burgers I eat and a strong greasy grill flavor. Also, I quickly noticed that the meat was hovering between medium and medium well doneness. I like my ground meat products cooked to well done (because I'm paranoid). I was never given the choice of how cooked my burger was, which I feel is a pretty big misstep when you're serving up pretty thin patties that are still pink inside.
The milk shake was pretty good, but it was really just a combination of store-bought ice cream, Hershey syrup, and Reese's peanut butter sauce - something I could easily throw in my blender at home for a fraction of the cost ($4.00). It also took forever to be made and arrived when I was halfway done with my burger.
My experience was admittedly mediocre at TruBurger, but I'm optimistic that they'll work out the kinks. I'll try back in a few months.Consistently great burgers served with a smile by super friendly staff in an extremely clean space. The buns are always perfectly toasted and the toppings are fresh. The veggie burger is made with beets and you won't miss the beef at all. The thin cut fries are always crispy and hot. The super thick milkshakes are super yummy. Hands down one of the best burger restaurants in the city.Love the beet burger! Large, very filling portion and a wide variety of toppings. My favorites are jalepenos and avocado.Great burger the young lady will ask if medium is okay just say yes it was well but juicy! I had the Mississippi burger by suggestion and it was great 4 out of 5 burger was not cooked as I ordered it.When you first walk in, you go up to the counter to order you food. The menu on the wall was a little hard to read, so I was grateful for the little hand ones. 
The burger starts at $4.99 and then you can add things on. It comes with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, ketchup, mustard, mayo and a few other basic fixings. I added bacon for $1.50. The bacon was yummy, crispy, thick slices. It was a good burger for the price and size that I paid. 
But I have a story to tell you how it all went horribly wrong over $2 fries. 
I forgot to order fries when I made my original order. So I went back up to the line. While standing in line, my burger got called up, and my friend picked it up for me. Awesome! the food comes out fast. I order my fries, and go to the bathroom while I waited for my fries. I came out, and didn't see it on the counter. They start calling a bunch of numbers, and realize that they might have skipped my order on accident. I go up to see what happened. The cook was adamant about putting my fries with my burger. Kinda hard to do that when I already had my burger when I ordered. oh well. Mistakes happen. Someone else probably got it. They proceed to ask me several more times if I got it with my burger. Even the girl who rang me up said that I had a separate order of fried from my burger. I'm guessing it was the manager who didn't believe me when I said I didn't get my fries - she said that should would bring me my fries in a little bit. Cool. 
When she brings me my fries, she AGAIN asked me if I got my fries with my burger. AGAIN, I said, "No I didn't get it." All this fuss over $2 fries? I felt like a criminal asking for $2 fries that I did not order the first time around. More insult: the fries were over cooked and soggy. 
I understand that people might try and cheat you, but to make a fuss over $2 and to make me feel like a criminal was over the top.
Pro-tip: order everything at once, it's not worth the hassle to go up to the counter again, especially if its for fries. 
Pro-tip: they have a veggie patty made with rice, black beans and other seasonings.
Pro-tip: They had Loyola and Tulane student and staff 10% discounts on thuesdays.Ok. So I gave Truburger another try and this time I at least got served...a resonably tasty burger.
I got a double (of course) with cheese, bacon and a fried egg. Immediately the comparison is on to my favoirte burger, the one over at Cowbell just down the street.  
Burger was prepared as requested, bottom bun already getting soggy from that fatty goodness: check. Bacon was a little thin. Cheese, just right. Fried egg, overcooked!I wanted to egg yolk to run free and marinate the burger, but it was solid. Minus 1 star. The pickles, though,  were fabulous. Wish I could buy them from the joint. Fries, I prefer bigger than shoestring, but their sauces were okay. Push. 
Was it a good burger, yes but not great. It didn't overtake Cowbell's as my favorite but it wasn't half bad. I'll comeback since if you avoid popular times, you can get in and out quickly.Absolutely nothing special. The burgers are good, thin and kind of old fashioned style. But do not exceed Lee's, Cowbell, buffas, Sammy's, five guys, Buds, Yo Mommas or even Sonic (for the price). The special toppings are a bit skimpy and don't make an impression (and pricey for what they are).  
I got the beef burger (only choice other than Veggie), with avocado & applewood smoked bacon.  I guess for the $2.50 extra the toppings cost, I was expecting more.  There was a very thing slice of avovado and one piece of crispy bacon.  I wish the toppings were better integrated with the burger, and more plentiful.  I mean, the burger was $7, pretty small, limited toppings and my tomato had the brown stem remains on it, so I had to tear it out myself.  Fries were an extra $3, and a drink was also additional cost.  So in the end, it just isn't worth the cost, and definitely not a good as any other burger place in the city.  The Hot dogs were more for kids, go to Dat Dog if that's what you're craving.
 If you're uptown, craving a Burger and don't feel like going to buds, Cowbell, cooters brunos or madigans...then check em out.Solid neighborhood burger joint on Oak.  Made to order so fresh and fries are hand cut.  They have speciality burgers as well and each is unique and yummy.  A little on the pricy side but similar to other gourmet burger places in the city.  
Shakes are excellent.  And they have some brew on tap.  Overall no complaints.  Go get a burger at truburger...you will be glad you did!Great burgers with good portion sizes. My family of four split a large fry!  Took a little while to get our food even though they were empty but I was ok w that since u could tell it was freshly made. Also super nice and helpful about cooking a burger 1/2 cheese 1/2 not on separate plates for kids to share.I crave a burger about every other month, so when I indulge I want it to be good! Given the reviews I held out for bit thinking it wldn't be all that, but we were pleasantly surprised! I had the Deep South (pimento cheese & fried green tomato) burger which was quite delicious and my husband decided to build his own with double patties. The ingredients were fresh and burgers made to order- super hot. We split a Reese's shake- which was divine and a small fry which was plenty for two. We found the ppl who worked there to hospitable/accommodating and we look forward to returning some time soon to try out the homemade jalapeño poppers and arugula salad.I went to Tru Burger for lunch. I had heard people talk about it, but I wasn't quite sure what to expect. I was impressed.
I got the two patty burger and fries. Usually, I don't like thin patties, but theirs were really juicy, and I really enjoyed the burger. I had them put Tru sauce on the side, and I'm glad they did, because I wasn't a fan (if it had been on the burger, I probably would have rated them 3-stars). The fries were good and crisp enough despite the fact that I seemed to have gotten the bottom of the basket. The only thing I didn't like were the pickles, and I usually like pickles.
The ambiance is okay. It's a bit crowded but has a cool (but not pretentious feel).
There are now many "upscale" burger places in town, but I'll probably return to Tru Burger.Staff is friendly. Burgers are good, and the dressings for the burgers are really, really fresh. Love it. Milkshake delicious too - will definitely go back.It wasn't anything special. The burger was overcooked (I asked for medium, and I think that is their standard cooking temperature, but the one I received was easily well-done) and the black pepper on the patty was a bit much.
The ambience is relaxed and the prices are okay, but I'll be seeking out a truer-burger the next time a craving hits.This place is BIG TIME. Name says it all.
The burgers and fries here are seriously on fire.  I've eaten here twice in one day. And - I think you can get jalapeno poppers on your burger now.
REAL TALK: Ask them to cook it how you wanna eat it ya jellyheads! If you're allergic to peanuts - tell someone every time you get something that could possibly have peanuts in it! Don't order trail mix. Don't fuss when you order a Reese's Cup milkshake and it's full of peanut butter. All y'all down there are showin ya ass.
"Outdoor market in Thailand feel"? Are you serious babychild? I'm not even Thai and that kind of made me frown.
Here's a tip for you though, If you want "ambiance" then don't go to a burger joint.
And if y'all want smores or rotisserie chicken or ten different types of soup or tacos - they don't have that at Tru Burger. Don't come on here complaining about that short bus stuff.
ROLEX OUTOver priced for items that many better tasting burger places offer as a free choice.  I went here twice.  First time I said okay, second time after a year and half later, I see why I didn't care too much for them.A burger is a burger is a burger. Oh contrare readers with big derrières. Here you can make your own burgers to spice things up or simplify it down. They also have a few good choices of set burgers. I chose the uptown burger which was goat cheese and arugula which I must say was a good combo it tastes fresh and savory. 
Their fries however comes in only two sizes. Too small or too big. Which I would advise to go with neither and instead get a milkshake.
Milkshake was the highlight of the lunch. Their strawberry milkshake had actual strawberries in it. Very whole flavored. I would go there just for the shakes. Well worth the cheap price of $3.50. By the end I had a huge pile of fries but my shake was licked clean. Hey you're lactose intolerant that's right the shake was that good!
Highly recommend: the strawberry milkshake (duh!)Stopped here with my visiting parents. They said their beef burgers were great, but my veggie burger was awful. Just a flavorless pile of burgundy mush. Is it made from beets  or something?  They'd be better off to just offer a vegan Boca burger patty instead. Fries and onion rings were terrific and the service was fast and friendly.Great burger. Great bun. Onion rings amazing.  The best non high end burger in the city and top 5 either way. I need to try a shake.So I finally make it all the way Uptown to try Tru Burger. Y'all know I love a good burger. But the experience was bad and didn't even eat. Walked in with another burger loving friend, no clear directions or signs on what to do, so we sat at the bar. We waited 10 minutes for someone to take our order when a group of 15 people walked in and immediately started ordering at the register. WTF? Didn't any of the staff think to tell us that? No. Did they realize we were there first and said, these people should order before this large group? No. So we walked out an left. How's about clearly indicating the ordering and seating process? And then I saw the thin flat patties being grilled? Thin? Patties? Ugh, I don't know if this place is worth going back to, if I do, it will be only to check it off the list.This used to be my favorite burger place in the city. Burgers were always so delicious. After new management, not so much. Burgers are always well done and dry. They do still ask if medium is ok, but your burger isn't coming anywhere close to medium. Also, the Fest sodas are gone as well. Those were so good. I really miss the good old daysI, among others, really wanted to give tru burger more stars, and have been anticipating it's opening for MONTHS.  But when my husband and I went for the first time, they only had one burger left, which I forgave them for because it was their first weekend.  I had their chili cheese fries instead.  Which were way too salty.  And, don't get me wrong, I LOVE salt.  I also had a vanilla "milkshake" which had so much milk in it, that it wasn't even cold 1/3 of the way through.  My husband let me take a nibble of his burger, which was pretty tasty- but the bun is WAY too big for the burger.  You'd need to order a double in order for the ratio of bun-to-burger to be reasonable.  They have a lot of work to do, because if things don't change, their Patois roots aren't sturdy enough to hold them for long.I can't comment on the beef burger but I really enjoyed the veggie burger. It was a beet, bean & potato patty which was pan fried. I thought it was a nice departure from a Boca burger. I don't think it will be something I will be craving though.  However I did notice that they have fresh handmade corn dogs which is intriguing enough to get me to go back again.Best Shake ever!  OMGOMGOMG!  Get the chocolate peanutbuttter banana, just outstanding.  We also had a double beef burger (excellent) and a salad (arugula, also excellent), but we RAVED about the shake.  Handy outdoor seats if you bring your pets.Decent burgers, nothing memorable.. at least this one have lettuce and tomatoes.. but not much condiments..
However, huge portion of sides if you're with a big party!We came from dallas to visit and my 2 son wanted burger. A friend told us about this place. They didn't have kid menu but I order them the regular cheeseburger and they split it.  I got the chicken sandwich and my bro in law got the uptown burger. We both split the burger and both was great. The owner came out and greet us and ask how is everything. Owner was very polite and professional. We will be back next time visiting Nola.Truburger and I have a love hate relationship. I often study across the street at Rue de la Course or down at Zotz, so when I'm all pho-ed out, I get a burger. If I'm too lazy to drive/bike somewhere else.
My favorite burger is the Uptowner - goat cheese, arugula, garlic aioli. But I really judge a burger place by their plain ol' burger. It's okay. It's not fabulous. The bun is ALWAYS soggy, and their garlic mayo isn't fantastic.
I prefer Company Burger's meat to TB's, but that being said, I still really like Truburger. Like, a lot. I appreciate the different toppings you can add, and I love how their menu has a stage for each part of ordering ("pick your bun", "pick your patty", "pick your cheese", etc). This really is the way to go for maximizing your delicious, overloaded burger.
So I'm on the fence about Truburger. It's not the first place I'll go (and probably Cowbell second), but I do really enjoy it.I feel like NOLA offers a burger shop on every other street. While Tru Burger was recommended to us I don't think I would recommend it to you. We picked up a lunch order on a Friday afternoon. Phone service was pretty meh, the woman on the phone didn't really listen as well as she should have. 
We only live about five minutes away but by the time we got home the burgers were cold and dry and the fries were extremely soggy. I knew with ordering to go our food wasn't going to be piping hot like the restaurant; but the styrofoam containers that Tru Burger uses are horrible for transporting hot food- and horrible for the environment- just saying. We also ordered a grilled cheese which was just two buns turned inside out causing way too much bread on the inside- I suggest you pass on ordering one. To top it off they were out of ice cream and weren't able to make shakes. I was disappointed in our visit and like I said above, check out another burger place.Got the blu burger with jalapeños instead of mushrooms, was really good, but macdonalds bun which sucks, have to try different bun next time. 
The setup was kind of 60s diner, minimalistic sort of vibeI used my drink deck gift certificate to try out Tru Burger one week day.  It was kind of empty when I came in.  But that was no reflection on the food.  I had a burger, added jalapenos and some other random toppings.  I didn't realize they would be fresh cut - they were hot!  They have a special sauce that you can get on their burgers, it's delish.  I also had some of the homemade fries.  I love fresh homemade fries!  The menu also features hot dogs, fries, and REAL milk shakes.  All in all, good burger and great prices.  You can spend $5-10 and eat well.Maybe I caught Tru on a bad day, but I was pretty underwhelmed. 
I order a single patty burger, "dressed", with their tru sauce. First of all they boast that their burgers are grounded in house, and that they are %100 fresh angus. That may be true, but my burger had no seasoning on it. It was borderline tasteless. If you are going to spend time and money doing your own meat, make sure it has some flavor, AMIRITE?. I added a little salt, which kicked it up a notch to just an average hamburger. Thinking back I probably should have added some cheese, bacon, or grilled onions when I originally ordered, but I wanted to get the overall feel for the taste of their 'in house' meat.  Secondly, they say all burgers are served medium. Mine had absolutely no pink in the middle. Not really a big deal to me, but it wasn't close to medium.
The Tru sauce was pretty good. A dark, rich type steak sauce concoction. I appreciated the flavor it put off.
Buns were good, as were what appeared to be home made pickles.
The fries are shoestring cut. Small and thin. They had a nice crunch to them, but were over-salted. 
At this point my bill came out to $8.70: single patty burger(no additions), order of fries, and a fountain drink.
The vanilla milkshake was the gem of my meal. The best milkshake I have had in years. I would recommend stopping by for it even if you aren't going to eat a burger. Would be a great way to kill a sweet tooth. The milkshake was $3.50 and served in a 20oz cup.
With that being said, I will be giving Tru another shot, even though I kind of left disappointed. I like the overall feel of the place, and the staff was very friendly. A girl kept busy during my whole meal making sure every thing was getting cleaned up which I appreciated. While my burger wasn't seasoned,  I do sort of think I  just caught them on a bad day. I can definitely see the potential in it. One or 2 simple tweaks and my meal would have been a lot different I am sure. I definitely give an A for effort. Will be back, but probably in a few months when they have settled in.Cowbell is just a few blocks west of Truburger, their burger is a few dollars more expensive, and better in all regards. However, if you are too lazy to walk or drive an extra few blocks, or too cheap to spend an extra couple dollars, Truburger is another good bet for a deluxe burger in the Uptown/Riverbend are. Unlike Cowbell, it's not full service; you have to order and pay at the register and then take a seat, wait for your number to be called, and pick up your burger. The burgers are of the juicy, tender, Angus variety, and the bun and toppings are high quality. However, knowing that Cowbell is right up the street, it's impossible for me to wax very rhapsodic about the burgers. A bacon cheddar burger with all the toppings (lettuce, onion, tomato, pickles, ketchup, mustard) and a side of fries, will run you approximately $10.00, which is a pretty good value. They also have daily specials for certain groups (e.g. Tulane, Loyola students, etc.), that give you 10% off the price. The french fries are of the thin, crispy variety, which isn't my favorite, but for those who like them, you'll be happy to know that they give you a ton of them. So yeah Truburger...I've got nothing against you. I've got nothing for you either.Burgers are one of those foods where everyone is very opinionated on the best way to make it.  Personally I like a thinner burger cooked medium.  I'm so sick of 1/3 lb, 1/2 lb or even bigger.  That's not a burger!  That's a meatloaf sammich!  Burgers should only be cooked 1 of 2 ways; on a charcoal grill or on a hot ass griddle.
Truburger meets all of my expectations of a burger.  They are thinner patties with just a touch of pink on the inside and cooked on a hot ass griddle.  The cheese is melted on top and it's placed on a small bun that is soft on one side and grilled on the other.  Perfect! Lately burger buns seem to have too much bread.  I had "The Truth".  It's a burger with swiss, a few fried onion strips and Tru sauce.  So good.  The large order of fries is enough for 3 or 4 people and are fresh cut.  They only lightly salt them which I prefer.  They also have really good milkshakes with straws that are the size of a garden hose so as not to get chunks stuck.
The only issue is their spelling.  I am no linguist and border line grammatically retarded but I can spell "True".  Duh!I popped in Truburger after my Chiropractic visit...I probably wouldn't have gone there because Oak Street parking is such a pain...and to pay to park just to get a burger just pisses me off.  ANYHOO!!!  I really enjoyed the burger.  Their "Medium" was a little undercooked, which was fine with me.  The burger was a little greasy...but certainly tasty.  The bun and fresh lettuce and tomato really added to my extreme like of this burger.  The bun was grilled crispy, not blackened at all, just crispy.  The lettuce was crispy, the tomato was ripe.  I asked for their TruSauce on the side, but ended up forgetting to try it....let me know how YOU like it.
Overall, pretty yummy stuff.  I have not tried TCB, but have tried Cowbell and HATED that they didn't have pickles, considering I am a pickle for every bite kind of gal.
Truburger had pickles.  YAY!
Oh yeah, it was loud and echoey.I had read mixed reviews of this place and didn't really know what to expect. I did know, however, that they offer a homemade gluten-free bun, and that scored 2 stars right off the bat! Maintaining a gluten-free diet in this town is not an easy task and I will try any restaurant that caters to my special (dietary) needs. I was immediately impressed with the interior - it has high ceilings, convenient counter seating and the blackboard menus really sing. I stood in a short line and then ordered 2 of the specials and fries to go. I didn't get a drink, but will try a peppermint or peanut butter and chocolate shake on my next visit. To my dismay, I watched my food sit at the window for a while, but the only person working the front was busy. She brought it over to me at her first opportunity, though, and was cheerful about adding some Tru Sauce. Mike and I split the burgers and fries and it was more than enough food for the two of us. Their gluten-free buns have a ciabatta bread quality that is superior to any of the store bought buns or breads I've tried. My favorite burger had swiss, bacon and coleslaw on it , while Mike preferred the one with goat cheese, arugula and grilled tomato. We both loved the fries.  Not a bite of food was still warm by the time we ate it, yet we were both impressed with the taste. I look forward to my next meeting with a Tru Burger, piping hot and fresh from the kitchen.The staff is incompetent and slow. We've been waiting over a half hour for two burgers and fries. It looks like there's one guy in the kitchen, and one or two who keep walking outside. What is wrong with this place?This is a cute little burger joint on Oak St. Its menu is limited, as the name would indicate, to burgers and a few sides. They even have a veggie burger options which I didn't try. We had the single burger with cheese. It's a fine $5 burger. They are on the thin side, but I love the topping options. I had swiss cheese, sauteed onions with the gluten-free bun for $1 extra. It was really good and totally worth it!
I loved the thin fresh-cut fries, I wish mine had been a little crispier.
I would try it again.