Pleasantly surprised by the presentation of the nice selections.  If I were not here for a biz trip, I would be planning my next visit back!  Good food!Very nice place for dinner! Their sushi rolls and baked salmon are very tasty! The service was great too!Fairly new sushi spot. Really fresh sushi. We shared a sushi dinner they have which gives you quite the variety, tuna, salmon, yellowtail, and another selection. It was really great and so damn fresh. We also had the salmon tartare special, wasn't my cup of tea Bc it had too much mayo in it. Great service. We ended up getting a bottle of wine and that was smart of us Bc they have a deal on bottles of wine. They also have a "club" you can join. It's a card and it affords you a percentage off your bill on visits. I'll definitely be back. I'm a fan!!!Everyone loved their food. Modern industrial decor. Good service. Conveniently located in walking distance of Wino for after dinner drinks. The lava roll was excellent. Nice place for a date or business dinner.In Baton Rouge I would say this is one of my favorite sushi places, in New Orleans not even close. The service we had was quite awful, the server was complaining a lot about her shit and how they had to pay for parking themselves ($25) to work. The food is just alright. The lighting is so dark you can barely see what you're eating. It's just not that great for what you are paying for.This place has a great happy hour and amazing food! My favorites are the smoked salt escolar, truffle salmon, & luscious lemonfish.Very disappointed. Sushi took 45 minutes for a simple order for two people on a weekday lunch that wasn't very busy. Also, was served a drink in a glass with lipstick on it.Best sushi I've had in NoLa! Sushi chefs are extremely talented and masters at their craft. Management and staff were extremely attentive and friendly. Try the infused sakes and salmon belly if you know what's good for you!Best sushi in town!!!! Do yourself a favor and sit at the sushi bar with Jared or Tuan.. super creative and talented chefs. Drinks are delicious and food is exceptional. Great experience all around!!i'm not sure how i never knew about this spot before but it's best sushi place i've honestly ever been. the place itself is stunning, the beverage selection is massive, the food and its presentation is 100% ! glad i only live 3 blocks away!!This place is so sexy!. Chill vibes with a low beat of music playing in the background but not loud enough to over power your conversations. It's an awesome date, hang out after work or a nice meal spot.
The food is equally sexy and delicious. We sat at the bar and enjoyed it. The sushi rolls I had were some of the best things I put in my mouth. Fresh and amazing .One of the best sushi restaurants I've been too, excellent food, excellent service. Number 1 on my list for sushi when visiting new orleans again.First of all, the venue is beautiful & versatile - great for business meeting upstairs to after work happy hour to weekend bar hopping. The staff is super friendly & speedy service. And of course, food is delicious & fresh. Needless to say, I'll be back for happy hour in the future!This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. I travel for work and try and find a new restaurant every night. However, every week I still seem to crave Tsunami. Dustin(manager) always makes me feel right at home. The staff is always so personable. The sushi chefs are very knowledgeable as well. Ask for Jared- he's the man. Cant decide which roll to order??? Just tell them what you like and they will make it! I have not had one bad thing on the menu. They also have great happy hour specials. Great for groups, special occasions or in my case, sitting at the bar alone. Dont worry street parking is free after 7PM. If you want to get away from traditional cajun cusine, Tsunami is your spot....and they have locations in Baton Rouge and Lafayette as well.The food is delightful. Service can sometimes be slow but it depends on how busy they are. Tuesday's the happy hour extends to 10. Soooo good.Bryson is the best ! Ask for him if he's working! He knew all the great recommendations and suggested some delicious drinks and was bubbly and attentive! Will def be back!Awesome awesome sushi joint in the heart of NOLA. Clean and modern decor without being pretentious. At first glance, this may look like just another trendy soul-less sushi spot and the menu may look vanilla upon initial read. However, once you dig deeper into the chef's special menu you know this is a place where food is made with heart and soul. 
Chef Jerard's sushi are fun and complex with different layers of flavor and textures. I was in town for a conference and went there 2 nights in a row! Coming from Los Angeles where sushi bars are on every other block, this place is a true gem!
What I had: 
Octopus sushi - slow braised for 4 hours for a melt-in-your-mouth tenderness on the inside then charred to fragrant crispiness on the outside. No soy sauce needed as chef prepared a sweet and tangy orange peel sauce. 
Salmon belly - quick sear on the outside topped with crispy pork belly, nicely laid on top of dollops of beets sauce.
Even something as simple as an  unagi sushi is made to perfection! 
Highly recommended! Will go back over and over again!Easy 5 Star. Really nice ambiance, very relaxing with the low lights and plentiful candles. The service was very good and the prices really reasonable. We shared 5 rolls and had 2 miso soups and our bill was under 50 dollars. We had the dynamite, jazz, veggie, don taun, and Philly rolls. All were delicious and very fresh. They had a huge menu with many options. Everything sounded good. A must try!Delicious restaurant, and the staff is so friendly! Loved my experience here and hope to be back soon!If they had a such thing as a sushi ultra lounge this may be it.
Specialties include white truffle oil laced sushi 
And fresh cocktails.One of the best sushi restaurants I've ever had! I've eaten at the other locations in Lafayette and Baton Rouge many times and so glad they opened one here. Presentation, service, creativity hands down the best! There is nothing on the menu I wouldn't recommend. You wouldn't think to order it and I rarely do but the ribeye steak is one of the best I've ever had!Pretty good place for a quick bite!! We had the Thai beef salad, munchie roll, dragon roll, fried rice, and the baked salmon- everything was fresh and delicious! A must try if you're in the area.Nothing worse than leaving a restaurant hungry!  I went for lunch and decided to get the bento box. $14 for a palm size portion of food. And by food I mean an ounce of rice and 3 of the smallest shrimp tempura I've ever been served, 3 pieces of lonely looking fruit, tiny pieces of spicy roll and a cucumber salad that was nothing to write home about.  They should be ashamed of themselves. Going to tell everyone my experience because I'm mad and hungry! Go to Sake Cafe, they don't screw their customers.Stopped in over the weekend and got a seat at the sushi bar.  We ordered 3 rolls and enjoyed watching Drury create them.  All 3 were better than any sushi we've had elsewhere, but the Black & Gold roll was AMAZING.  Just an incredible combination of flavors created with the freshest ingredients.  It was a pleasure speaking with Drury.  He was extremely personable which just added to our experience.  We will definitely visit Tsunami again soon.If they had a such thing as a sushi ultra lounge this may be it.
Specialties include white truffle oil laced sushi and oyster sushi.
With fresh cocktails.Great service, great food, great ambiance, and great location!!!!   A must go eat place for sushi lover and Japanese food lovers!!!!Flavor of the food is impeccable. I had the Eggplant Miso, and the Oysters, plus the Jazz roll and the crunchy roll. The food was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ALL of it! Service was perfect. Everyone seemed happy to be working there. Will definitely good back. I do recommend reservations, they seem to be busy everyday.I really enjoyed Tsunami, the food was to die for. I visited for my sisters birthday in a party of 5. Our server was down to earth but yet still professional. He gave get recommendations and new the menu front and back. The location was very romantic and dim lightning but still cozy and not too loud. Now to the food it was....... OUTSTANDING. I cant remember all the the rolls we has but the spicy tuna was bar none. Thank you guys for making my sisters birthday memorable with all of your top notch creations!Fresh fish, so the nigiri and sashimi is great, but the rolls are bland and not worth the money. Friendly staff and beautiful restaurant!Tsunami is some of the best sushi I've had in New Orleans! Creative and unique rolls, high quality, and great service!!! 10/10 would recommendI consider myself somewhat of a sushi expert and this place didn't meet my expectations. The restaurant itself is trendy, quaint and upscale; definitely a nice date spot, but the miso soup wasn't authentic and the green tea wasn't green. Sushi rolls were just ok. I would try one more time before writing it off but I'd skip the miso and tea and maybe try sashimi next time. Service was great tho.Delicious and fresh sushi. Fun innovative menu and great atmosphere if you're not facing the open kitchen/sushi bar.Loved the truffle salmon sashimi!! Also got to try the snow crab app which was large for two people. The tea service is nice as was our server. Got the Michael roll- crab didn't fill into the roll just the out two pieces had it. Lava roll was good. Will be coming back.If you are looking for a nice upscale Japanese spot in the CBD, this is the place. Been here a few times for dinner with our friends and it's always been good. Very nice setting for a date night but great for a dinner party as well. The space is decorated nicely and the staff is on point!The truffle salmon is my favorite item on the menu. Make sure to drink some sake with it. Awesome happy hour specials! The happy hour specials are different every weekday. Make sure you take advantage of happy hour.This place is right next to the intercontinental hotel, and just steps away from the French quarter. I came in during happy hour, and they definitely have great happy hour deals! However, the waiter did not mention any of the happy hour deals, and there is nothing listed on the menu. I would recommend doing a quick Google search ahead of time if you want to take part of this.
I got two rolls, which definitely filled me up! We decide to sit right at the bar so we can watch the sushi chefs do their thing, which is definitely the way to go. It's fascinating how the kitchen is open, so you see the chefs frying the crabs, you see the chef preparing all the food. They are definitely very well staffed, and the service was great.
It's hard to find a good sushi place in New Orleans, so this is definitely a place I'll come back to!A busy Saturday night elicits a typical crowd in search of dinner. We became part of that crowd as we had flown in that afternoon and were pretty hungry. We waited about 10 minutes for a table. During our wait ... a drink. We were seated just after our drinks were made. Seated in the back corner seemed loud with no relief. The sound had nowhere else to go. The music was a weird playlist of crappy remixes of only the worst 80s tunes. You would never notice in a hotel lobby because you're only there for a few minutes, but when you're seated for dinner and going to be there for potentially more than an hour it got unnerving. Kaci was our server. She did a pretty good job despite being super busy. She seemed easily distracted as it appeared that part of her responsibility included running food to tables for which she wasn't the server. The food was great albeit slow to arrive. It was a busy Saturday night, so maybe that's the reason. All around it was a good experience. Please for the love of all things holy change the music.I have read most reviews on Yelp. I was a little scared to try this place out based on the reviews. My husband and I are not Sushi eaters. We like only a few rolls that we know is cooked food. The server was so nice and helpful. Everyone was nice and attractive even the other patrons. The food came out quickly for us as well as the other tables around us. The fried rice was so good and tasted fresh. We tried 3 different rolls and were all wonderful. I definitely would recommendWorst ever. I travel a lot and often tray new sushi restaurants around the world. First time I've ever had a bone in thsushi. Just one of many issues with the quality of food. Ordered spicy tuna temaki, was essentially diced tuna with chili paste; couldn't eat it. How it has a rating over two stars is a puzzle.Took forever to get our food had to hunt the waitress down to order, refill, get our check and get our card back. 25 minutes to order 40 minutes for food. Food was great service was terrible.Miso soup and seaweed salad is just as good as I remembered it being. 
Tuan roll was excellent, good flavor, not too heavy, would order again
Green monster was ordered and got good marks from the gf, I'm allergic so I'll have to take her word for it. 
Father Calais was excellent. Deep fried roll with Philly cheese is the highlight with some chili sauce as kick. Good choice for the heavy roll, would order again.
Big tuna. Big to the point of being hard to eat. Great flavor but a little unwieldy. Would pick a different fresh roll next time.Food was excellent. Waitress did forget our miso soup until we reminded her but overall a great experience. The lunch boxes were a great value.I'm sitting in the restaurant. It's been an hour and still have not received not even 1 item/appetizer. I've had 2 glasses of water already. I would not return ever.Everytime me and my friends want quality sushi and great service we always come here!! The drinks are awesome and the sushi is always fresh, my pick is the salmon with truffle. Our waiter JB was nice and Courteous and willing to accommodate to my food allergies with no questions !The place is really nice and clean but I think that's the only positive thing I can say about it. Food was mediocre, service was slow, considering it wasn't busy in there. We started off with the ika fries that other yelpers raved about. This was the worst dish out of everything we had. It wasn't hot, thin to where it was mostly batter, and flavorless. It tasted like it's been sitting there for hours before it was served, in which I'm sure they make it according to order. Sushi and rolls weren't special either. Here's what really disappointed me the most, the truffle salmon. This is what I really wanted to come here for because not many Japanese restaurants in the city offer it. Looked simple. A couple of slices of fresh salmon sashimi with drizzled truffle oil on top. It actually didn't look like anything but you can sort of taste it a little. I had high expectations for this place but I'm so disappointed.Truffle Salmon! 
I mean I am a natural truffle lover in general so if you put that on anything I will most likely love! Any who, we had reservations for a group of 12 on a Sunday night, not as crowded. The area we sat at was a bit more private feeling, yet still open to the dining area. Also, the majority of the sitting is very dim and it was nice to have a bit of lighting while we ate. 
Truffle Salmon - $12 - salmon, white truffle oil, smoked salt, scallions
Nice cold, fresh with the perfect amount of truffle
Sunflower - $MP - seared tuna, spicy ponzu, tobiko, masago, scallions, and quail egg
This was plated beautifully with nice thin cuts of seared tuna! The favors were really light and refreshing.
Ika Fries - $9 - fried strips of calamari tenderloin, spicy mayo
These were really tender and crispy. 
We tried a few a few rolls, but I did not order so I can't tell you which ones I liked. Our server, I believe his name was Bryant or Bryan? He was awesome, very attentive and friendly!Sushi was decent but overpriced in our opinion. Our service was horrible. Very slow and inattentive. Will not go back.Went there after a long day of walking around NOLA. The restaurant itself if very nice. The sushi was delicious! We tried about 6 different rolls and all were great and the chef's choice nigiri plate. Excellent service!Discovered this gem because our hotel was literally steps away. The restaurant is spacious and provides plenty of seating. My friends and I stopped by 4/6 days of our New Orleans trip for their Happy Hour specials. 
HH Deals Include: 
$5 house martinis, cosmos, apple-tinis, and lemon drops; 
$4 house wine and draft beer; 
$1 selected nigiri sushi, and 
25% off all rolls that are $9 or less. 
The quality, price, and presentation is just unbeatable. Sushi was fresh, drinks were strong, and service was impeccable. Highly recommend dropping by for HH.Great atmosphere with amazing fresh food. Service was nice but had to wait (understandable because it was busy). Was able to get a table fast on a busy nice. Upstairs offers a great view for date night.BEST SUSHI I've ever had and believe me I've been to many sushi places all around the United States. This is literally the BEST SUSHI !!!  We had the black a gold (amazing), caterpillar (so good), and the ragun Cajun . YOU HAVE TO TRY THESE YOU WILL BE BLOWN AWAYReally good food, but the prices are a little steep. Location-wise that comes with the territory, so I understand that. 
The staff was very friendly and able to make good recommendations. It wasn't overly crowded at any point.
We definitely waited a long time for our drinks and food. It seemed like we would place an order and then sit there for a long while before it showed up. I can understand that with the food, but the drinks took a very long time as well.I really like this sushi restaurant. I've been twice and I really like their expansive menu. Both times I ordered the truffle salmon and that is actually why I went back the second time.
Unfortunately, the second night both me and my mom got sick after dinner so I don't think im in a rush to go back. The fish seemed fresh and we weren't sick long, but something wasn't right.This is my favorite Sushi in NOLA. The servers are attentive but not on top of you. If you sit at the sushi bar Edgar will create works of art in fish for you!I have passed this place a number of times, and wanted to go in. I finally got the opportunity to go when I recieved a gift card for this place. And I was very pleased. It's an casual sushi restaurant located on Poydras St in the same area as Smoothie King and Starbucks. 
Once you walk in the ambience is very casual to upscale, with some cool music to set the tone of your visit. Service was very fast and friendly. They put something on the table that looked like mints, but once the server poured hot water, it expanded into some moist towels. 
I went there during Happy Hour, where there sushi selection was 25% off for and sushi $9 and under. The two rolls I had were very delicious and filling. I also had some of their fried rice entree and that too was really good. The next time I come, I'm gonna try their liquor and wine selections. They were catching my eye the entire time lol.Gyoza were great, lots of flavor. The sake flight was a good idea, we both enjoyed them.
Sushi sounded interesting, looked pretty good. Mouth feel was kind of mushy, not the structured crispness good sushi rolls have. Flavors were muddled too. It wasn't bad just underwhelming.A little hard to find, but I found the sushi to be good. I recommend the Hung Lo roll. Staff was friendly an attentive. And they have weekday sushi specials!This was a great sushi restaurant food was well prepared the fish was very clean and good quality. For the money it was well worth it. My wife and I ordered three rolls and two large hot sakis and it was around $50. If you're looking to get some good quality Sushi and you're new in town great place to go. If you have a kid they do have high chairs and if they're not busy or willing to move you wherever you need to go. They do also recommend reservations we were able to make reservations for two without any problems.We have enjoyed Tsunami on three occasions and they have lots of positives.  The space is very nice, clean and an airy/open modern feel.  The hostesses are always very nice and attentive.  Our first visit we had a male server that was very nice and very accommodating, but our last two visits we had servers that visibly showed their disappointment that we were either a nuisance for being sat in their section or we weren't ordering enough for a high enough bill, and then that we were eating too slowly.  To the point that they even started clearing our table while we were still waiting for another roll to come.  The food though is fresh and tasty, so we are forgiving the rudeness.  The soy sesame vinaigrette for their salad is delicious, as is also their creamy wasabi dressing.  The grilled chicken over mixed greens is great, the chicken is deliciously seasoned and grilled perfectly.  Just wish there was more pieces to enjoy in the salad.  We've also had the munchy roll (philadelphia roll with the dorito crust), John Breaux roll, and rainbow roll.  Their entrees sound amazing, and would love to try them at some point but I can't bring myself to spend $40-$50 for an entree at a sushi place.  They should offer a lunch or tapas portion of some of their unique entrees in a more reasonable price range so that we can see what can distinguish Tsunami from all of the other sushi options in the city.  I also wish that they offered Genmaicha green tea, instead of just basic green tea.First visit, chose 3 rolls to get a general idea of what to expect. 
To give a little background, I typically do not like eel sauce and do not like the imitation grab stick in my sushi. 
Got the dynamite, jazz, and crunchy roll. 
All 3 were excellent with very fresh ingredients. 
The dynamite actually had a pretty good kick to it (nothing overwhelming, but enough to stay with you a little bit)
Overall, it is nice to have a close sushi option in the CBD again since horinoya closed its doors. The prices are a little high for some of the signature rolls, but many of the rolls are actually quite reasonable (like the dynamite for $7). 
Definitely worth trying out and it is in prime location before a night outThis is a nice sushi restaurant in New Orleans. It's moderately priced and the sushi is good but the waitress that I had was not very attentive and it took a long time for me to get my check. I could understand this if the place was crowded but the evening that I went it was practically empty. I might come back here when I return to NOLA but I cannot say for surePretty bad really unless you get sushi. Pretentious in presentation but got fried rice with chicken and it was over seasoned and didn't eat more than 10% of it, the rest of my friends got the same exact thing and they didn't eat any of it either. We would have sent it all back if it wasn't for just not wanting to deal with having to tell them how shitty it was (too time consuming)This was a fantastic break from the Bourbon Street/French Quarter chaos.  Great atmosphere, very attentive staff, excellent sushi.  So glad we stopped here for dinner tonight!Hubs and I sat at the bar and came in during the week - no wait. We ordered three rolls, including the green monster, and a sashimi dinner (or sampler, I can't remember). The bar staff was really attentive. As it was our first time there, I didn't think the rolls we had were something to remember, BUT the sashimi *love*. I'm not sure if I'd had any raw fish in NOLA that melt in your mouth fresh. Tsunami was pricey for a round of beers and dinner for two. I will take advantage of their happy hour next time though.Delicious, delicious, delicious!
Ambiance: The restaurant has a dining area and a bar area. I had gone twice and was able to experience both areas. The dining area was surrounded by sushi chefs preparing dishes, giving an authentic Japanese feel to the environment. The seating arrangement at the tables and bar were both spacious and very modern. It had a clean atmosphere and the windows facing Poydras was a nice touch to feel open. 
Food: All of the dishes I have had here has been tasty and delicious. Of notable mention are the Smoked Salt Escolar and Truffle Salmon sashimi dishes. They were both seasoned perfectly and just a great refreshing taste to the palate without being too heavy on the truffle oil. They were also accompanied by a little vegetable, cucumbers and chopped onions to lighten up the dish. I adored these two dishes. Each bite left me wanting for more. I would definitely come back just for these 2 dishes!
Service: Both the waiter and bartender were polite, professional, timely, and efficient. They provided menus and offered suggestions. 
Overall: A wonderful, little fancy place to satisfy a sashimi craving. A highly recommended location for sashimi, especially those who have an expensive taste and need for truffle oil.Overpriced sushi but it's good. The TransBestBite roll is my favorite specialty roll. The drinks are good and it is nice to take a cocktail out on the rooftop when the weather is nice.Just tried Tsunami sushi bar and restaurant at the corner of Poydras and St Charles. Fantastic! Sleek interior with happening after work bar scene. The dining area is a large space so you are not sitting on top of the next table listening to their conversation. We weren't in the mood for sushi, so we tried their selection of dinner entrees. All were hits! For dessert, our waiter urged us to try the bread pudding. I live here so I've been eating bread pudding in different forms all my life....this was truly the best I've ever had. We gave up alcohol for Lent so we didn't get to sample their huge sake offerings. I will definitely go back!Came in on a Tuesday night spontaneously to find an amazing happy hour deal with incredible service and food. Will definitely come back and would highly recommend!! Best sushi in New Orleans.Sushi is just amazing at Tsunami at all locations. We have been to one in Baton Rouge many times. This is our first visit to the Nola location and it was great. 
The layout and atmosphere of this restaurant is just so inviting. 
The service was spectacular as always. The cocktails and the sushi were tasty and so flavorable.
Amazing spot for great food.Excellent spot in the business district to get some fresh fish & lighter dishes! Safe walking distance from most of the major convention hotels & a nice respite if you wanna get away from the crowds. I had a lovely lunch at the bar mid-week & while the main dining room looked busy, they were still taking walk-ins pretty easily.Wow. Such a great place. Excellent service; the food is amazing. Eggplant toast is what we had for our dessert. 
Great salmon and sea bass. Miso soup very flavorful. Bryant was a great server. Friendly, professional, very personable. Nice ambiance.It's pretty good. The sashimi dinner is excellent, fresh fish, good choice. Some of the wacky rolls are really just mediocre. Filled with way too many ingredients and served lukewarm, unclear if it's supposed to be room temp and being served too hot, or supposed to be hot but it sat around cooling off for too long. Ordered two bottles of unfiltered sake and both were served unshaken by the waitress, leading to clear sake in the glasses and a ton of residue at the bottom of the bottle -- amateur sake mistake.It's nice to find a good sushi restaurant in the middle of NOLA. I was very impressed with their food and services, not to mention the female bartender was very cute and friendly.Round2: 
Munchy roll: basically a philly roll with Doritos crumbs sprinkled on the outside. I enjoyed it as a philly roll but he Doritos didn't really add anything aside from novelty. Would just order the philly roll next time and save $2. Maybe have them add some cucumber for crunch.
Cajun roll wasn't my favorite, but GF liked the crunchy gator. I wouldn't order that again either.
The lava roll is close to the black and gold (minus crunchies and a little smaller portion). Not a bad choice, would order again.
Fried rice is very pepper heavy. Ordered as a filler without meat. It did have lots of fresh veggies, but the pepper overpowered anything else that might have been in it. Might be better with a protein, but I would just get something else at that point. 
Didn't find any new gems on this round, but the menu is large and I like sushi so I look forward to continuing my quest next time.A little overrated. 
Was there last night. It was not bad at all but I was a little disappointed. The place is super beautiful inside. I found the menu daunting. Catchy named rolls and entrees and it was hard to discern exactly what I was ordering. I had a seared tuna appetizer that was good but not out of this world. Same with the other roll I ordered. They just did not knock my socks off. It was expensive and I felt like I was paying for the decor more than the sushi. 
As for the service, we had a polite and attentive server. She was new so gets a "get out of jail free card" for not bringing my miso soup. In fairness, I did not remind her because the rolls were so large the soup would have been over the top. That is a good thing; portions are generous. 
I'm not really banging the place, the experience was good, sushi okay, and the service fine. I just think that because of all the pomp and circumstance the meal should more memorable.so modern, fun, hot, new!! Yummy cocktails and such a huge menu with so many options!! Definitely coming backAmazing place with wonderful atmosphere. Professional wait personnel and the food is excellent. I had a sushi roll and the salmon entre...both were excellent...Tsunami is amazing!! You have to try the sushi rolls with the Doritos crumpled on top...so fun! Great atmosphere and friendly staff...definitely will be backExcellent happy hour specials. New establishment with great staff and very clean, relaxed atmosphere. Highly recommend.I've been here three times already and enjoyed every experience. Each visit had a few hits and misses, but overall this is one of my top sushi spots. Location can be sort of ducked off as it's connected to a big building and parking can be a pain so keep that in mind. 
I'll mainly focus on my visit tonight. I made a reservation for my birthday for 4, but we ended up having 5. I called and they gladly changed it and confirmed my reservation. They were very busy upon arrival. The whole restaurant was packed and if you didn't have a reservation, I'm not sure there was any open table besides maybe the bar. Our server bought out water for everyone already since one of the guest arrived first. We all got there within the next 5 minutes and ordered drinks and our food. 
Now to what we ordered, we got the snow crab salad, ika fries, spicy edamame, baked salmon. For rolls we chose spicy tuna roll, crunchy roll, rock and roll, black and gold and lastly tiger tail roll. I enjoyed the spicy edamame and baked salmon was the BEST. I wish the ika fries were fried crispier and didn't taste so much like a potato chip. Snow crab salad is average. All the rolls were good, but our fave was the black and gold! It's very rich so sharing was a good idea. I don't think I'd be able to take on a whole roll. Our server was a bit MIA. We were checked on once and that's it. Never got any water refills, no new side plates even though we were offered some after eating apps. No big deal.. I heard our server had a large party. I get when it's busy and things can get a bit overwhelming. After we waited for a while, we got the attention of a manager who helped clear our table and bought out a birthday dessert for me. Very thoughtful and tasty! It comes with vanilla mochi, some fresh fruit for garnish, chocolate writing "happy birthday" and pocky sticks. I've tried other things on the menu before and they've all been good. 
Overall, I've been well taken care of on both my birthday visits. The food is good, atmosphere is a bit upscale but still remains casual. I like how there's many unique menu items you can try. It may seem a bit pricier, but hey if I'm paying for good food why not? I'll be back and maybe tsunami may be my birthday tradition!I went here with a friend whose a longtime fan of the Lafayette location and I can see why she liked it. It's a nice elegant space with lots of room - you don't feel crowded at all. The servers are really friendly and they have great cocktails and sake selection. The food was good - we tried 3 different rolls (caterpillar, lava and green monster) and they were all tasty. I was initially dubious about the asparagus in the caterpillar roll but it worked. I will say that it is very much Americanized "sushi" with big flavors that overpower the fish - they had an omakase special that I'm not sure I would try. Although to be fair to Tsunami I don't know if there is a sushi restaurant in New Orleans where I would do an omakase. The star of the night was the dessert - the Vietnamese iced coffee ice cream was incredible. One of the best ice creams I've had in my life, period. I appreciated the sesame brittle on top that really enhanced the dish and made it unique to the restaurant. Overall this is a welcome addition to the CBD and the city. It had a nice laid back atmosphere but outside of happy hour the prices mean I won't be back unless it's some kind of special night.Once we found this place, it was fantastic.  We lucked out that it was a Tuesday, so all day happy hour!  What a pleasant surprise - four rolls and three drinks set us back $50 including tax and tip.  The server was patient and knowledgeable when we had questions, and our order came out perfectly.  The sushi was fresh and delicious, and we couldn't even finish it because the portions were so generous.  We will be back!This is probably my new favorite sushi place in NO. 
Miso soup and seaweed salad were both excellent, would definitely order both again. Seaweed salad has a glass noodles texture and is a little sweet. 
Black and gold roll got great reviews and I wasn't disappointed. Not normally a baked roll kinda guy, but I'm glad I made an exception. NO style flavor profile, with a little kick. Sweet to balance and a large portion. Would order again.
Tuan roll was good but paled in comparison to the black and gold roll. The roll pieces are very large, and they were tasty, but I would probably try another fresh roll before coming back to this one. 
I saw several other things get delivered to other tables that looked awesome and I'm excited to come and try some of their other options. Atmosphere is quieter casual, the room has an industrial modern look, they use real candles, large parties could dine here, the service was good. The prices are reasonable for sushi and they have a happy hour that seems like a good deal too. We will be back.Catastrophically slow service for overpriced dishes and at best average cocktails.  It is rare that I've seen that many people working at a restaurant with only a handful of customers and still be as slow as Tsunami.  It shaped the entire experience.  On a 2nd visit, this time to the cocktail bar for drinks, we found the same unreasonably bad service with few people in the restaurant.  It leaves one with the sense of being purposefully ignored and sets the pace for the meal.  The food is not bad, but barely worth the price (start with a Sashimi Dinner at $40).  If you are coming for lunch, there IS a small slip of paper they will give you for a short-list bento box option.  That is all there is off the regular menu and quite frankly not worth the bother.  The price ($14) is ok but you'll wish you just coughed up more money for something else on the menu...or walked to any number of better restaurants in every possible direction from their front door.  I'd have given this place 2 stars if it were not near dozens of better places and thus simply not worth the bother in that context.Tsunami is a great addition to the CBD. It is walking distance from the Superdome. The food came out pretty fast. I dined in on a Saturday for lunch and it was very quiet. I am assuming it is busier during the work week since it is between a bunch of office buildings. 
The baked salmon with crab in the middle was great for something different than a roll. They have classic rolls and a few fancy ones.
I ordered the seared tuna on a salad that came with a delicious ginger dressing. For dessert we had the flour less chocolate cake which was divine.Very good service in a relaxed atmosphere. Food tasted fresh and was some of the best sushi I've ever eaten.Sushi paradise!! Amazing atmosphere, amazing food, amazing drinks. Impeccable service- felt like I was part of the tsunami familyCame for friday lunch. 
The decor is nice. The service was decent. The sushi was meh. Meh and overpriced. I'm (somewhat) ok with paying more for good sushi or less for meh sushi but paying more for meh?  No thanks. 
My problem with the sushi was threefold. First, and least important, I came with a group and we each ordered our own dishes (separate cheques) and it came out family style. That was annoying but whatever. 
Second, the fish. It was old and tough. Why am I paying so much for old, tough fish??  The octopus was nearly jerky by the time it was actually served. I had several other fishes too, they were all old. 
Third, the rice was terrible. Rice can make or break sushi and their rice was bland and packed too hard. That on top of the fish jerky made for a much more of a masticular workout than sushi should ever be. 
Lastly: insta-pack miso soup. Why, just why???
The search for quality sushi continues...A go to sushi hub in NOLA! Their menu features lots of options for all types of sushi lovers, from delicious nigiri to flavorful and fun rolls. The service is pretty good and the drinks are great as well. They feature a lot of fruity cocktails but definitely worth the try. The ambiance in the restaurant is very chill and low key. Great to go with friends or a date night out. Music is on point while you're eating. I recommend the lava roll, green monster roll, transbestbite roll, and the hunglo roll. All great options! Definitely a go to on my list!This was my 3rd time to this location and I have also been to the Baton Rouge location (which by far has a better atmosphere with the river view). I've been with large parties and small and the sushi is always fresh and tasty. During the week they have daily specials and Tuesday they have a great all evening happy hour. I think the prices are competitive compared to rock 'n sake (and it's a bit quieter and less crowded).
I'm giving Tsunami 3 stars because I always have a pleasant time, but there is really no wow factor for me. The service is hit or miss, it seems that once they get busy the service really falls off and the sushi always takes forever. This most recent time we celebrated a birthday and they brought us a plain vanilla mochi with happy birthday written on the plate. We thought it was really nice until we saw the $6 charge on the bill. Was it really necessary to add that on when we already spent quite a bit for this group dinner and we didn't even order it?As much as you want to take the word of a guy from Nebraska on sushi... this place was legit. Ordered all over the menu and everything was great. Friendly staff made great recommendations and they did not disappoint. Awesome fried rice and I may start drinking a little more sake.Best sushi I have ever had! Simply amazing! And the prices are pretty average! The location is beautiful and the food is jus so so good! Must try!Great sushi and fantastic space.  Got the special fresh wasabi sauce that was fantastic.The food is phenomenal, creative but fun and delicious. What makes my daily lunch, though, is the fantastic bartender. She is genuine and nice without being over bearing and that fake chipper nice that no one ever believes is for real. She's super chill and always has the best recommendations.This was probably my worse experience with customer service in New Orleans. They would not open the door for my wife but did so when they recognized me. They told her the restaurant was closed. We had just called and was told to come in to order. My food was just ok.I really admire the hard work and dedication you can see so clearly through the waiting services and bar tending. The bar tenders and super sweet and so kind and generous, they are very helpful when it comes to deciding what you need to drink. The waiters are fun and truly inspiring because it is so apparent to how much they love their job. The environment at tsunami is so welcoming and family friendly. The sushi and food is outstanding and incomparable. You definitely cannot get this type of sushi anywhere else and I would recommend this restaurant until I cannot recommend anyWent during Happy Hour. Sushi was great and did not take very long after being ordered. Enjoyed the drinks and good service.They have some things on the specialty menu that are good, BUT......
The crab salad is crap. And it's in a lot of their dishes. Also the fish is clearly not the best quality. Not rotten, but a lower grade than the price point. Some of the rolls are grocery store quality.soooooo good. the apple tini was more like watermelon. got one of everything. service was just ok. the calamari was killer. ya id come back. great happy hour tooNice environment with many classics and several options I never tried. One roll adds kiwi, strawberries and sweet sauce - a nice contrast to savory soft shell crab or spicy rolls! Service was attentive. Beer on tap was delicious.What an amazing restaurant found this place on yelp, was in New Orleans due to hurricane Irma we just stumbled upon this place. starting with the host at the front door beautiful ladies such great smiles and personality down to our waitress which is outstanding and awesome I'm a viggen so they work with me on thr menu withbno extra problem and the fact that we were displaced cause of  the hurricane we got a discount percent off of our meal. The food was OMG stop by if you are ever in New Orleans.Excellent spot in the business district to get some fresh fish & lighter dishes! Safe walking distance from most of the major convention hotels & an nice respite if you wanna get away from the crowds. I had a lovely lunch at the bar mid-week & while the main dining room looked busy, they were still taking walk-ins pretty easily b/c it's such a large space. I had some nigiri & the Hang Lo roll-would recommend!This place looks elegant and very modern. They had a beautiful view of the street with relaxing music. We had dinner here after a basketball game and we're not disappointed. The menu is a little confusing with limited rolls and list of sushi and sashimi. We had two rolls, a sashimi dinner, and a nigiri dinner. I forgot the name of the rolls, but one of them had coconut shrimp with fruits. It was delicious! The rice is right on with the vinegar and the rice did not fall apart like other sushi restaurants. The second roll was a special, and it was excellent with lightly torched/seared white tuna in top. The sashimi and nigiri were also delicious; so fresh! The service here was awesome. The waitress came by from time to time and made sure we were comfortable and enjoying our meal. All in all, we had a wonderful time. Must come back!Had one of the best salads there ever! Thai beef salad. Great! The shrimp appetizer was great also! And their old fashion was excellent. Would recommend.Came in for drinks and almost stayed the entire night. They have wonderful sushi and their selection of whiskeys, wine and sake is excellent. In addition the bar staff were exemplary. A great place for dinner or just a happy hour meet-up.Visiting NOLA, walked here at lunch hour due to great reviews. Sat at sushi bar, I was seated immediately, service was fast & friendly, very clean. Had cucumber roll & shrimp tempura w a seaweed salad. Everything was terrific. Would def come back and recommend to others. Prices are appropriate for sushi. $6-20 depending on type. I paidv$28 for the 2 rolls in pic + seaweed salad + soft drinkMy husband and I came here during happy hour while we were visiting New Orleans. We loved that it walkable from our French quarter hotel and that it had a variety of vegan/veganizable items. Our waitress was friendly and was well versed in which menu items were vegan and which items could be made vegan. We loved everything we ordered - vegetable rolls, tofu roll, veganized fried rice with tofu (delicious!), seaweed salad, tofu bento box, and miso soup (loved it). I was most impressed that the fried rice was not oily. The happy hour specials are great!Amazing sushi in the heart of New Orleans! Modern upscale restaurant with great food. Try the transbestbite, pimp salad or the sunflower. Everything is fresh and delicious. There is something on the menu for everyone. My favorite entree is the Chilean Sea Bass. Our server was the best. Ask for Carley, you won't regret it.This place is the bomb! Best combination of ingredients that we've had in sushi rolls since we left SOCAL. Service was fantastic and the sushi chefs at the bar we're outstanding. This is a MUST if you want super fresh sushi while in NOLA.I went there with very little expectation. 
Sushi in New Orleans. I was pleasantly surprised. 
Sushi was fresh and the atmosphere was very nice.Excellent food and sushi at somewhat reasonable prices. This is a large place, far from intimate and far from traditional. The one thing I find upsetting at this price-point (this is certainly an upscale place) is the ubiquity of "krab" as well as snow crab 'blend' on the menu. Come on guys fake crab and watered down snowcrab is unacceptable at this echelon of establishment and it is most certainly unacceptable in New Orleans!Driving for postmates has allowed me to see restaurants I'd never really knew about. My very first pick up was tsunami sushi. Walking in I was immediately charmed by the aesthetic and atmosphere. As I'm waiting for my clients order, the guy beside me at the bar was presented with this mouth watering roll. I vowed right then that I was going to eat there. My boyfriend and I did date night Thursday night, March 22. Jessica was our server. The entire experience was perfection. The food was on point. Not only visually amazing but flavor, texture where all there. I cant really Express how delicious this food was and do it justice. Jessica was the added bonus. One of the best servers we had the privilege to get to know and have wait on us. She was on her game all while making it look effortless. 5 stars. I'm addicted. I will be back. There is so much more I need to try.Notice the location the night before and was reminded of it because of open table. Best sushi experience ever! If you want to change your palate in between all the creole dishes, then head to Tsunami. The prices are phenomenal, the decor and size is great. We sat at the sushi bar and had the luxury of being the only ones there. Drury made the majority of our dishes and had great customer service. We even inquired about a dish not on the menu, in which he quickly creatively came up with something close and made, amazing. Don't waste your time at other sushi locations in the city, you won't be disappointed if you come here. We are definitely returning and I would absolutely recommend.(Middle of the city) Long over due review from me! I've been away for a very long time now and no matter where I go to have sushi I compare it to my baseline for good when it comes to sushi and just good food. Everytime I'm back in town I have to make time and grab a bite here and I'm looking forward to the next opportunity I have to eat at Lafayette, Baton Rouge, and New Orleans location.Absolutely delicious lunch. The transbestite roll was fabulous - no rice - and a wonderful melange of flavors.  The special seared tuna poke served w/avocado sesame poke sauce and rice was a huge portion (especially of rice) and delicious.  The service was attentive, the food came out a bit slower than one often sees in sushi restaurants, but absolutely well worth the wait, as it seems they make the dishes up freshly when ordered.  Lovely ambiance.  Would recommend highly!!!Not a bourbon bar, but selection what surprisingly great. Pappy ($40 and up) and a few more choices. Sushi is great as well. Highly recommendSeveral gluten free options. The hostess told me she gave me the gluten free menu, but it obviously wasn't. Asked the waitress, and she brought me the right one. Experiences like this are why we celiacs are so annoying, telling the servers 50 times that we need gluten free.Love this restaurant.  I come here at least once a week.  The kitchen staff are culinary and artistic wizards.  They go above and beyond to deliver a gastronomic and visual delight.I'm very picky when it comes to Japanese/sushi restaurants (I should mention I'm half Japanese) and Tsunami was one of the rare places where I wasn't disappointed. In fact, it was great!
I always go for Chirashi (sashimi on a bed of rice) and was a little disappointed when I didn't find it on the menu, but our server quickly told me they could make it - and it was delicious. If that wasn't enough, my friend asked for fresh wasabi/wasabi root (not the paste) and they had it! On top of that, we were celebrating a birthday (we let them know when we made the reservations) and they came up with the most beautifully decorated dessert!
Hint hint! Don't forget to order a drink! ;-)Hands down the BEST sushi place. They use fresh ingredient. The atmosphere is modern and well lit for a casual sit down with friends/family. No kids menu though. We had dinner twice here since we love it so much. Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable.We went here on a whim while staying in New Orleans and it was so good. My favorite roll (probably in my life) was the Green Monster. So delish, I'm still thinking about it 2 days later. Everything we had was so good though, you really can't go wrong.This place looks good and clean and the sushi selection is great.
The sushi were pretty good but the service was a little slow.
I will come back in couple weeks.How is it possible that every roll here is always amazing. My favorite are 1. Happy feet 2. Lava Roll 3. Black and Gold (which are all pictured along with rock n roll) and then I also love the monster roll. I'm convinced any roll would be great here. I liked the Baton Rouge location more but now NOLA has all the same rolls. Great service, nice ambiance. Good but expensive drinks. Can be a long wait if it's a busy night.Love this sushi restaurant. Probably the most unique sushi menu I have ever seen.  Loved the Shrimp and Shishito Pepper Tempura.  Great service.Amazing sushi and hot green tea!! Loved the atmosphere and location! Would suggest sitting at sushi bar for added flavor!This place is really good, i have tried sushi and also the chicken entree. The crab salad is amazing and they have a huge variety of drink. Definitely a good choice for lunch or dinner. Service is good too. (Keep in mind that they DO charge for the sauces $1, which is kind of weird)Very fresh fish! Some of the freshest in the New Orleans area. Awesome helpful staff.After being scarred by a terrible sushi experience at another restaurant i was convinced that there was no sushi in NOLA. But i was wrong... 
The space is sprawling, modern sleek and dark. It was probably my least favorite thing about this place.... it was just so big with these almost unimaginable high ceilings. Like the Cheesecake Factory. But tthe sushi spoke volumes! They have an extensive menu of sushi. Anything you want, they have. And it's good. As fresh as it can possibly be. Satisfying, simple and delicious. Wash it down with some sake and miso soup and you are going to leave as happy as can be. 
Definitely recommend this place for a sushi fix. It cured the bad taste i had from a previous experience and now i just want more. I'm a bit of a sushi snob, and this place put me back on the sushi train! Definitely check it out.We started with the Ika fries (so tender and delicious!!) and the Eggplant Miso which was salty and sweet. Both of these were amazing and I crave them daily ever since. We also had the Black and Gold roll and the Green Monster roll. The B&G was phenomenal. It was a party in my mouth of so many yummy flavors. The green monster was fresh and sweet it was different having strawberries and kiwi on a sushi roll but the flavor combo ended up being amazing. The black and gold and green monster complemented each other because one was warm, heavy, and savory, and the other was cool, fresh, and semi-sweet. The food was so good I legit shed a tear at the table as I was eating. I can't wait to go back. The service was a tad slow but very friendly and inviting.Ok enough sushi. Tasteless rolls but waiter was good and drinks were cheap during happy hour. Was craving something non-Cajun after a week in Nola and this did the trick.Hunker down y'all, Tsunami Sushi has arrived in the Big Easy and it's here to stay. Drop what you're doing and head down to the CBD for excellent sushi with a dash of Louisiana flair! 5-star food coupled with 5-star service in an upscale atmosphere makes for a great night out! 
It's incredibly hard to find high quality, fresh sushi here in the land of crawfish and so you can imagine my excitement when I found out that Tsunami was opening it's 3rd Louisiana location here in Nawlins! 
I've dined here for lunch and dinner and have always been 100% satisfied with the food and service. I always enjoy sitting at the sushi bar (which has an open kitchen concept) to admire the captivating work of the creative and talented sushi chefs. Make sure to sip on a deliciously potent cocktail while you dine too! I like to order the chef's special or whatever chef conjures up with those stellar sushi-making magic skills. My most favorite dish is the Sunflower, comprised of thin sashimi slices of seared tuna in spicy ponzu served with tobiko, masago, scallions, and quail egg. Not only is the Sunflower absolutely delicious, but it is also a beautiful piece of art and sushi perfection! 
Come on down to the CBD and ride the Tsunami wave- I promise it will be well worth it! You can even feast to your heart's delight with daily happy hour specials. I highly recommend Tsumani for the BEST SUSHI in New Orleans!!!So my indecisiveness ended up allowing my original place to close and I needed something simple and quick.  I opted for Tsunami since I am staying at the adjacent hotel.  From entering to finish the service was good in terms of my waiter Anna and the hostess. However, it did take an unprecedented amount of time for my order to arrive.  I had the gyoza as an app and two rolls along with some nigiri pieces.  I thought every thing was ok. Nothing wild and honestly happy that my rolls fell under the happy hour promotion of 25% off. 
Nice ambiance for a dinner date or special gathering but overall food was just ok.
Check out their website for daily specials and happy hour promotion.I've been to Tsunami a few times for lunch and once for happy hour.  I've had an assortment of rolls, the grits, the calamari fries, and the fried oysters.  Every roll I've had has been delicious - fresh and flavorful ingredients.  The grits are creamy corn grits, and have a great slightly corny, slightly creamy flavor.  The calamari fries come with a spicy mayo and is a perfect blend of meat, breading, natural flavor, and seasoning.  And the fried oysters are damn near the best I've ever had.  I think they use italian bread crumbs instead of flour or corn meal.   And they're amazing.
Happy hour has pretty good deals on rolls and drinks, but service tends to be a bit slow.
Overall, a great place that will have me coming back again and again.This is one of my favorite places for omakase! All the sushi chefs I've encountered have been friendly and hardworking. The chefs here put a lot of love into their work and that's something that stands out to me. It's located downtown so it can be troublesome to find parking but hey what do you expect? It's downtown! There's happy hour daily so check the menu out. My favorite roll is the lava roll! The truffle salmon is good too and you can find that on the HH menu.!
The fish here is top of the line. You can tell how great the quality is here compared to other sushi places. Can't wait to come back.Finally came to check this place out. The food is amazing, truly high class,unique dishes. The only bad thing was the server Vanessa. Took drink order and food order. After that talked with her co worker in a corner. Never came to check if food is good,never offered more drinks. Even for the check we had to ask another server. If i pay this much for food which i gladly do, i also expect certain type of service. I am in the industry myself so i normally dont put negative comments up but this was disappointing despite the good food.I've been to Tsunami in Baton Rouge, so I wanted to give this location a try. I think the Baton Rouge location is okay.  Their sushi rolls are average and overpriced, so I never order rolls at Tsunami. 
First impression: The space is beautiful! Much bigger than the Baton Rouge location. I sat at the sushi bar and was able to talk to the chefs easily. I also liked how open the sushi bar was; was able to see what they were doing and all the fish very well. 
Food: 
We started off with some specialties of the night. 
Toro nigiri, red snapper and uni sashimi. 
I was really surprised at how cheap the toro was. $8 for two pieces. 
The presentation of the sashimi really sold me.  They served the sashimi on a red snapper carcass. The uni was delicious, super buttery just the way I like it.
Then we got the nigiri dinner which was 16 pieces of nigiri for $40.  At first one chef said it was just going to be 4 pieces of salmon, 4 pieces of tuna, 4 pieces of yellowtail, & 4 pieces of whitefish but the chef next to him recommended us to request a variety so it wouldn't be so boring. We got salmon, tuna, octopus, tobiko, tamago, yellowtail, escolar, and squid. 
Then we finished with their infamous chocolate cake dessert. They serve it with vanilla ice cream, berries, and two pocky sticks. Ugh soooo good. I was so full, but it's my favorite dessert so I had to get it.First time coming here and was optimistic. Too bad it didn't live up to it. 
I had the fried rice with chicken and a cucumber wrap roll. The rice looked delicious, but when I started to eat it, any possible flavor it could have had was OVERWHELMED BY PEPPER. That's all I could taste. 
The cucumber wrap roll was equally underwhelming. It looked beautiful, but tasted like mushed carrots. 
$30 for this? Pass, I'll find somewhere else to eat.4/5 Tuesday HH
So on Tuesday's, the happy hour extends to closing. So I'm just going to train my body to only want sushi after 7pm on Tuesday, and come here. I thought the rolls and prices were really fair - i mean even without the 25% discount I'd pay for what they are charging. I thought from the outside that it'd be silly prices, but i thought they were fair for our area.
So Sapporo, yellowtail (thought the fish was pretty fresh and sizable serving) and masago roll, tempura and eel roll, and a side seaweed salad for under $20 (with tax). Super!Definitely one of the best Sushi restaurants in New Orleans. Love the location and the ambiance of the place. It's very nice. Great service, super fresh and yummy food. They also offer service member discounts to first responders/military! The only thing was looking for parking. If it's the weekend or just a busy day/night then all the close street parking will be taken.This place is my staple downtown. They have outlets all over their bar and free WiFi. Their happy hour specials are insane. It's 3-6 weekdays except for Tuesday when it's 3-Close! The $4 wines are good quality and keep me there a while. The best special however is the $0.99 salmon, albacore, escolar and shrimp nigiri. I usually get 6 salmon and 6 escolar. Both are so fresh and the escolar is even somewhat creamy in the best way possible. I always pair it with chili oil. Super satisfying meal. You can also get half off rolls under $9 which is a great deal. Some of the appetizers are half off (approximately $6) as well. I would opt for the nigiri over the truffle salmon or lemon fish though because the portions are bigger and the fish seems fresher for some reason. 
I haven't been super satisfied with the servers. They're a little rude, slow and dismissive. Sometimes I even feel like they're making fun of me for what I order and as a regular, that's not acceptable. That's the only reason I gave this place a 4. The food and location deserves a 5.We loved our experience at Tsunami.  The service was great, and the food was quick and delicious.  We loved the spicy edamame, the pimp salad, and the big easy roll!  We got takeout from here the following week because we enjoyed it so much.Amazing experience. Food was so good, drinks were killer and the ambiance was superior. Loved our waitress,  she really made the experience all the more pleasant with her recommendations and advice on late night things to try. Loved the shishito pepper and shrimp appetizer. The sushi, especially the lava rolls were so decadent. Try the honey me dew martini it is perfection. My husband tried the Japanese version of the Manhattan.. super good. Very happy with that experience. Will return!Excellent japanese restaurant with a NOLA twist. The fish was very fresh.
Reservations are preferred, but you can usually finseats at the bar where they serve full menu.
The place is beautiful, and the staff is very friendly.
For a full friday night, the food came in relatively quickly, and it was SO GOOD!!
We wanted everything on the menu. My favorite rolls were the Black and Gold and the Hung Lo. They were both delicious!!
Mus try if you are in the area!This place have very good service but their food isn't all that good. Oh if u plan to have their ice cream for dessert make sure u order it when u order your meal because it's gonna take that long to get soft enough for u to eat it. Otherwise you're gonna need a hammer n chisel in order to eat it. Even after letting the manager/owner know about the hard hard frozen ice cream all they had to say was wait for it to melt! I love this restaurant.  My husband and I eloped in New Orleans in May 2018.  We stayed for a few days and my husband took me here.  The place is gorgeous; not stark; inviting lighting and modern decor.  We ordered the tuna toro as an appetizer and it was incredibly fresh and delicious.  The sake was perfect and all of the other rolls we sampled were bliss.  Everything was incredibly fresh and appeared made with extreme care.  I felt so sophisticated eating there and just loved the chic ambiance.Absolutely fantastic!!! We've been 4 times..each time was just as great! New fav sushi spot!! Great people there, too!Went in for a friends birthday on a Tuesday night.  Made reservations for 10 people, wound up being about 16, and that's when the everything started going sideways.. 
It's a Tuesday night.  You'd think that 16 people walk in interested in a lot of booze and food would be appreciated and bring at least a "B game"....well, you're wrong.  We spent about $300 or so just at the bar...but that didn't stop the manager coming up to my wife and start complaining that "If we'd known, we would have done a minimum price contract....you should have let us know."  Wait, can you not handle large groups?  And why is it OUR problem?  We actually did have reservations for 10 already, sorry it was a bit more.  And who signs a contract for dinner?  I have NEVER signed an agreement for dinner with a restaurant unless they are privately catering an event.  Her attitude was insulting and basically made it seem like we were putting her out.
Then when we were seated, they told us "don't crowd the people sitting in the same section."  Wait...it's an almost empty restaurant....we don't care where we sit and why are you assuming we're going to be jerks?  They didn't try to put any tables together, and the service still sucked even though they added an obligatory 20% gratuity.  We weren't demanding, but for the prices that they were charging I would think the waitress would know what seasonal beers are on tap and not have us wondering "hey, did she forget about us?" when she left halfway through taking drink orders at our (separate from the main table) table.
Food itself: so so.  The appetizer was good, but the actual sushi was mediocre.  The unagi nigiri was something like eel jerky, and the spicy tuna itself wasn't actually spicy...just jalapenos. 
We spent about $1000 overall.  Did we get our money's worth?  Absolutely not.  If you want sushi in the CBD...I'll have to say that you have to go somewhere else.
NOTE:  Emailed the owner/manager who basically said she was working that location that night and didn't recall you.  She tried to defend signing a contract to (paraphrase) that they have experienced servers on hand and the "kitchen doesn't get overwhelmed."  If that's what they consider a small kitchen, I'm stunned and don't know what to say and have to question their size standards.  That kitchen is open, and HUGE!!!!  
She also said that the "spicy tuna doesn't have jalepenos" which now kind of scares me...I tried the fish seperately and it was bland tuna, and the peppers were definitely providing the heat.
Now I'm wondering what they served me???  I really feel ripped off now.Overpriced for what you get, I guess your paying for atmosphere? The floors and most tables were not cleaned up. Service was horrible. Waiter hardly came to the table. Someone else brought food. We sat on empty cups of water looking for him over and over. I'd much rather go to rock n sake.New Sushi joint in town with great location and ambience.  Our first time, the food was excellent and we thought we found our favorite new sushi spot. However, we went back a week later and was disappointed. We ordered the same roll, Black and Gold Roll, and tried a new Rolll called Lava. Both rolls were overpowered with too much mayonnaisse, so I would say the food is inconsistent.  The service was also slow and subpar. Hopefully the next time we give it one more try, the food will be same as our first, great experience.One of the best sushi i ever eat and i will come back for sure.
On top of it the service was good and fast the atmosphere of the place very nice and warmWould give it zero stars if I could!!!The service was down right awful. Took 45 minutes to an hour to get the food. Complained to manger and he said it was " a process". Then the table next to us got their food in 15 minutes. Sushi and rolls where tasteless. Plus 7 dollars to park. Avoid this place at all cost. There is much better food and service than this place!!!I was really debating on 3 & 4 over all it's a good place it's more expensive being I paid on Postmates instead in person so the prices 6.63 for the veggie and 7.74 for dynamite is about right for USA standards sushi. The taste wasn't wow. But it's descent maybe I'll try their bigger dishes and have a better option. I said worth trying outAlthough the ambiance and general "fanciness" of this restaurant is incredible, I wasn't too impressed with the staff or food. My boss utilizes a wheelchair, and when we were seated (by a teenage boy who looked like he would rather be anywhere else) she was not offered a menu and neither was her other guest. When he walked away and I finally got his attention to ask for two more menus, he simply replied, "Yeah." No apology for excluding my boss and her guest, and no words said when he actually delivered the requested menus. 
Our waitress was friendly, although she didn't understand my drink order and did not ask for clarification. It took a while to get the food, which makes sense at such a fancy place, but I was pretty disappointed with my rolls. They did not taste very fresh and were quite bland compared to what I'm used to. My boss' salmon dinner was delicious, so credits for that. Overall I was underwhelmed by the service and food. I think seeing management out and about would be helpful to get the staff moving more.When it comes to sushi in New Orleans I may have found a new favorite spot. This place was really great and had excellent service. I tried the black and gold, I must say that I made a really great choice.Could not have been any better. Bone in ribeye,squid salad and cucumber salad were great.I went here on a date and was very impressed with the aesthetic. The restaurant is very beautiful and looks like it is much more expensive than it is, which I appreciate. We were sat by the window which overlooks the city with a gorgeous view. The wait staff was the perfect amount of attentive, refilling drinks and checking on us. The only reason I'm giving 4 instead of 5 stars is because the sushi is good but nothing special. They have fun and unique rolls that are delicious but it isn't the best sushi I've ever had in my life. However, it's an affordable way to impress a date!The pimp salad and ika fries are phenomenal, I would come back for those appetizers alone. After mixed sushi experiences around New Orleans I wasn't sure what to expect, but the rolls are huge and very inventive. The menu was a little daunting, but the staff was super accommodating and I enjoyed everything they recommended. The drinks are great and the interior is spacious and very trendy, good for a night out or a special occasion dinner with a large group.Amazing service and food just about every time I come here. Price is a bit high but 100% worth it. Anytime I visit another sushi location it just does not compare. Fish is fresh and rolled lovely, plate designs are beautiful. I would recommend anytime if you haven't been just go, you won't regret it!This was not a great experience from beginning to end. After we checked in for our reservation, they forgot about us and, after a long wait, tried to seat us in their half set-up party room. Then, after more than a few missteps, we finally received our food and it was dry and overly spicy. With so many restaurants in this amazing city, we would not recommend this place!I was there for dinner on 12/4/19. I was halfway through my meal when I saw a mouse run across the restaurant floor. I informed the waiter, who then let me speak with the manager. They were very nonchalant about the fact that mice come in this time of year due to the weather. They took 10% off of my bill.  I was too disgusted to finish my meal or try and argue about paying anything for food at that restaurant. I got out of there as quickly as possible.Having been to 2 other Tsunami locations, I had really high hopes for this place, since it is a 5 minute walk from my place. The CBD has a major lack of good sushi restaurants, which still blows my mind. Other than Rock and Sake, which we love, there really isn't any good sushi downtown. We were told the rolls were better than R&S, but I didn't find they were.  Considering they are new, with a somewhat limited menu of sushi rolls compared to the other locations, I'll give them a slight break. 
First the good:  The place has a really modern, trendy vibe. I love the ambiance. The service was great. Our server was really nice, and on top of everything.  I loved everything about the restaurant vibe. 
Things that could be improved: Like mentioned earlier, the roll options were rather limited. I can't say I was wowed by our roll choices. The calamari appetizer was fried but has a spongy texture to them. Not at all what I was expecting. The drinks were $12 a piece, and were just okay. 
The prices are exactly what you'd expect from a downtown sushi restaurant, not cheap. $100 got us two sushi rolls, an appetizer, 2 drinks, and a couple desserts. $100 for dinner is not a problem when we are wowed by the taste. I can't say we were wowed.  
The ambiance, the decor, and our awesome server really saved the experience, but if these guys want to last at that space, which I assume costs an arm and a leg to lease, they need to duplicate the type of sushi they have at the other locations. 
We will give it another try another day, and hopefully we can find some rolls that we really like.Absolutely loved this place! As someone diagnosed with Celiacs, going out to eat can be a challenge especially when it comes to sushi. This was  amazing! They had a great selection of gluten free items so I didn't feel at all like I was missing out on anything. The waitress was so friendly and offered to grab the manager if I had any questions at all, she went through the kitchen procedures with me and made me feel so comfortable. The service was a little slow but we were in no rush, so we had a few cocktails and a very enjoyable evening. Their cocktails were so interesting and delicious! Their prices are a little high but you're downtown so I expect that. She was telling us about their happy hour during the week, and they have some great deals! We had a reservation but several people walked in and didn't have to wait at all on a Saturday night at around 7. Everything was delicious and safe, we will definitively be back!!My second time here on my shirt visit and I love it. I came back for the fried oysters, atmosphere and great service. Brought my husband this time and he's indulging in the freshly made sushi rolls while I am enjoying the tsunami salad with shrimp.
One aspect that I love is the disposable towels they bring to the table when you are first seated. Although this is a new place, there goal is to get it right the first time so that customers enjoy their experience and come back.
Although only a few blocks from the craziness of Bourbon St., you get a sophistication and calmness that is sometimes needed after walking down the hectic streets of the quarter. Definitely worth your time.ordered a snowcrab roll and it stunk. smelled like bad fish. unfortunately when we got the food we were so hungry we didnt sniff the food to see if it was okay. me and my wife took a bite into our sushi and immediately looked at each other and spit the food out. How as a restaurant, being in New orleans in a city centered around fresh seafood, are you going to serve bad seafood to your guest. .. ive never ever took the time to really review place unless im thoroughly impressed or unimpressed. Not ordering from here again. what a joke.Grabbed a quick lunch here yesterday. Spicy Blue Fin Poke Bowl! First time eating Blue Fin and only the third time trying Poke. These guys do the best job of it in my opinion. 
Service, from the hostess stand to the servers was great. 
Kind of tucked away in the Pan American building but worth searching out for sure!Summary: Food, ambiance, sushi chefs were all fantastic, but my server Darrien was ABYSMAL
I decided to sit at the sushi bar because I was eating by myself (yay, business travel), and the sushi chef (wish I'd caught his name because he was awesome) greeted me and told me that I'd order drinks, appetizers, and regular entrees from my server and then sushi directly from him. Great. And then I waited. No one greeted me, no one brought me water, the other guests got those cute little expandable towels but no one brought me one. The sushi chef asked if I needed anything, and I said I'd like a glass of water and the seaweed salad appetizer. 
AFTER THE APPETIZER CAME OUT, my server, Darrien came to introduce herself and seemed surprised that I'd already been helped. It had been 20 minutes. If I hadn't been helped after 20 minutes, I would've walked out. 
I ordered my sashimi dinner directly from the sushi chef, and it was cool to watch him make it--it was out super fast. It was also really tasty. After I was done eating, I waited again. I thought maybe I looked engrossed in my phone or something, so I purposefully put it away and looked around for Darrien. After ten minutes of this, the sushi chef AGAIN was the person who realized I needed help and signaled over the nearest server, who was not Darrien, to get my check. It was frustrating.
Aside from Darrien, I would totally recommend this place. If you're checking it out, maybe ask for a different server.Food was ok, the manager was rude after complaining that one of the dishes does not taste good, basically saying it is what it is. And initially did not want to remove an item from the bill. Overall good sushi, good service, rude managerIf you're looking for a nice upscale sushi restaurant, this is the place for you. The atmosphere is perfect for a date night or just a night out with friends. Staff is always friendly and helpful. The food is also delicious, some of the best sushi I've had in the area. They also have plenty of rolls to choose from, and if that's not your taste, there's plenty of other entrees available as well. There's also a great selection of sake if that's what you're into. 
Overall, I'm a fan of this restaurant and I can definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a good sushi restaurant in the area.Wow! Found this place on Where NOLA eats, backed it up with Yelp, and found ourselves delighted by every aspect!!! 
Sit at the Sushi bar to watch chefs of various ethnicities roll up their unique creations. Then, enjoy the rapport while taking in all of the bright, fresh colors and textures of the ingredients before you. 
We liked ordering a little at a time to savor each dish and extend the enjoyment!
The entire staff treated us exceptionally well, including hosts, our server, and the manager even walked us out to ensure that we knew all of the upcoming specials.
Kudos to Chef James for creating so much deliciousness and fun! We will definitely be regulars!Oh.. my... gah. THIS PLACE IS UHMAZIN! We got the sashimi plate and it was astounding!! The vibe is super chill and laid back. I'd recommend sitting st the bar so you can interact with the awesome sushi dudes. Guillermo IS AMAZING! Overhead that I love sheso and just bamboozled me with an amazing entree. GO HERE! so friggin tasty.Tsunami is just ok.  There are fortunately lots of sushi options in the city and given the higher price and slower service that is typical of this Tsunami location, there's not (for me at least) anything to drive me to go to Tsunami...except convenience at work.  This location is in the heart of the CBD which makes it a great work lunch...except don't expect to get out of here quickly.  The food is good, but not stellar and I don't think it's so great as to warrant the significantly higher price tag.  Will I eat here again...it's almost inevitable.  Will I ever choose this as my sushi go-to...definitely not.Hostess was not friendly. Food was ok. The chicken fried rice was so salty we could barely eat it. The sushi wasn't great and was falling apart. Ambiance was nice that was about it. Not really sure how this place has 4.5 stars really not worth it find a better place.WORST SUSHI PLACE I HAVE EVER BEEN TO IN MY ENTIRE LIFE. Food sucked. Service was even worse. Just simply unacceptable. Waitress named Carley took 2 hours to bring food (place was empty), got in my face, and snapped at me multiple times. Manager was even worse, attacking me, the customer, when I brought my complaints to her!! Absolutely disgusting behavior - worst money I've ever spent.Our experience was fine but nothing over the top.  Service by Hannah was excellent.  She was attentive and understood hospitality.   Sushi fish was fresh but rice over vinegared and clumpy...sushi rice is not meant to be a packed snowball of rice. Again not bad.  
But pointing back to the extra credit card charge is a put off.  Credit card fees have been around to aid restaurants for decades to provide convenience to their customers and drive patronage. To charge us for the convenience is ridiculous especially when other restaurants  promote cash payments with cash discounts versus penalizing for using a credit card.  Regardless of their positioning, it is a bad business practice and I'm certain will drive away customers.Our last night in New Orleans called for some sushi ! Found this little place close to our hotel. Ambiance is very nice - great looking decor and restaurant. We started with some miso soup - very good ! Next we had a few rolls - dynamite roll, father Cailai roll, escortal, and some lemon fish nagiri. Everything was excellent and tasted great. The escrotal was delicious , I had never had this before. We finished up with Vietnamese ice cream and this was also very tasty ! If you want a break from fried seafood try this place out !Extremely good and the service was really great! Not crowded on a Sunday at opening! We got a ton of rolls and none of them disappointed in size or flavor for the money!I ran across Tsunami a few months ago and finally had a chance to visit over the weekend. We were able to easily make reservations the day of. There was ample street parking on a Saturday night. However, that may not be the case during the work week. The staff were friendly and great overall. I ordered the Spicy Tuna Roll and Don Juan Roll. The Don Juan was absolutely amazing and like a flavor explosion in my mouth. It was big and definitely worth the $16 I paid for it. The Spicy Tuna Roll was extremely spicy. The flavor was good, just a bit much (and I love spicy food). My drinks were also great! I really enjoyed the ambience. It was a laid back environment and not too busy...would definitely return!!Came here from out of town. Did not disappoint, best sushi I've had in months!! Sat at the sushi bar - incredible service. Wonderful atmosphere. Head Sushi Chef Loma was ready to make his guests feel welcome at the bar, whipping up some exceptional plates along the way. Great work Tsunami!Best sushi in New Orleans! Amazing rolls, atmosphere, cocktails, and service! We really loved the black and gold roll! We'll definitely be back :)I've gotten take out from Tsunami on three separate occasions. Some of the rolls have been good, but most have been decent. That being said, they are the only good sushi option in the CBD, so as they say, "location, location, location!" 
...and it ain't cheap either! So you should at least expect consistent quality, which as tonight proved, Tsunami is NOT! I ordered almost $50 worth of sushi. I. Repeat. Almost. $50! I was told to come in 30 minutes after placing the order, which I did. After hitting the gym before placing my order, I was ravenous by the time I got to the restaurant. 
Good thing I always check my order, because THERE WAS A HAIR IN MY SUSHI! ...not my soup, my sushi! 
So, while the restaurant re-made my nearly $50 order (I'm repeating that number for effect -is it working?), I sat at the bar to wait... No one offered me a water, or anything. Then when the order came out, I was given the bill. Nothing for my inconvenience, not even a lousy cup of tap water while I waited while the restaurant made some de-haired sushi...What a great lunch - always great food in a great atmosphere and service with a smile - love love love going to Tsunami New Orleans!!!!Ordered the Pimp salad, tuna tataki, and lava roll. All very good and light eating. Tho the Pimp salad and Tuna tataki were similar. So don't order both, you'll just feel like you ordered a lot of veggies. I also tried the Ikea fries. Unfortunately it tasted like it wasn't fresh bc it came to the table cold. Server prob left it sitting for a while before serving it. It was crispy. Friend had the sea bass. It was soooo delicious!! Go for that if nothing else!!Incredibly disappointing sushi experience.  I prefer Shogun in Metairie if you want a real sushi experience... otherwise I do not really eat sushi in New Orleans as many of the popular places are not my Idea of what sushi is.  That being said, having reviewed the menu, my expectations of this place were low.  The sushi bar manager (?) who was super friendly and helpful offered the omakasi which we agreed to try. Both my fianc and I thought it was $50 total, not $50/person... found that out at the end of dinner. But before the price, we genuinely did not enjoy the fish or the combinations of spices / sauces they attempted. Our bill was around $200, which is around what my average bill might be at Nobu or Zuma. Will not be back.Super classy, modern, sexy and spacious open concept Japanese establishment which joined Poydras area in 2017. Whether you are having a huge party, are up for few drinks after work or during lunch, are in need of a place for biz lunch date, or just looking for a cool dinner spot, Tsunami definitely can suffice your various need. 
Tsunami offer one of the freshest, if not THE freshest, sashimi in the city. They definitely can take out or add ingredients to your liking to your order. Quite extensive/wide range of food offered for lunch and dinner. Got lunch special and happy hour going on as well.
I have tried all different dishes from this place but If i must recommend one thing, please get their "YuZu Albacore Tuna". This little devil melts in your mouth without any fishy taste at the end...
Price point, not to bad considering the location and type of cuisine. Great service (I counted and they had 9 chefs behind the open kitchen and 6 waiters). Highly recommended.We ordered their pork tonkatsu dish (substituted side for steamed rice) along with the happy feet roll - both were delicious!While visiting New Orleans I couldn't escape my cravings for sushi and am happy for it. Tsunami is great! Affordable pricing in a gorgeous setting with great sushi. I was so busy eating I forgot to take pics of everything but I ordered their special which included 3 gyoza, 5 pieces of chef choice nigiri and a steak meal with a mushroom Demi glaze, asparagus and sweet potato. We also ordered a shrimp tempura roll and the special roll which included tempura shrimp, asparagus, crab and seared beef on the top yum! Everything was fantastic. From the flavoring of the nigiri to how well made the rolls were.If you are looking for sushi in the CBD you need to go to tsunami! The sushi is fresh, delicious and the service is quick.Come here alot!!! Slow slow slow when the owner isnt intoday noone to greet you hmmmm very strangeVery close to my hotel, easy pick up, delicious rolls. Prices were reasonable and I was able to order right through yelp. WhenI went in the restaurant had A. Very cool vibe and I almost wished I had eaten There instead of picking up. The rolls were yummy and fresh.Great fish!!! Nice change from all the fried food. I will eat here again next time I'm in New Orleans.Nice setting close to the major hotels. I know sushi is not where you eat when visiting New Orleans, but after 10 consecutive Cajun meals I needed a break. Great atmosphere, fine service , solid if not spectacular food. I would definitely recommend this place if you need a break from the amazing Cajun food.Horrible service! The waitress ignored us the whole time after ordering drinks. I have never experienced such service in any New Orleans restaurants. We just left without ordering anything. Horrible horrible service.Beautiful space in the CBD. Knowledgeable, fun, eclectic, professional staff. Delicious food and located centrally in the CBD! Great happy hour too!I'm surprised I have never left a review for Tsunami before. They are GREAT! Placed an order for pick up yesterday for #NationalSushiDay, which they had an amazing special for: Mix and Match 2 rolls for $9. The CBD is (unfortunately) still pretty dead, so parking to run in and get the food wasn't an issue. 
We ordered the Dynamite Roll, Crunchy, Munchie (Doritos) and the John Breaux (crawfish/avocado). Also ordered some miso soup and the shrimp & shishito pepper tempura. The tempura wasn't the best by the time we got home to eat, so would definitely recommend to order this one while dining in at the restaurant - which they are allowing. The tables are socially distanced from what I saw and the staff all seemed to be following safety precautions! 
The food itself was delicious and tasty, like all of my previous visits! Everything is always great and I love the different varieties of sushi they have, though we didn't explore with anything crazy this visit around. 
Ps - CHECK OUT THEIR HAPPY HOUR. easily the best in the city and it's from 3-6pm every M-F.Do you #love sushi? Is your favorite roll a California roll? Are you a huge fan of #chefsspecial rolls? If so you are either white or basic. And you would love this place.  Bear with me before you label me as stereotypical, racist, or surprisingly intelligent.
Initial impressions :
*restaurant is inside an office building.
*interior is huge, with high ceilings
*simple crew working inside, but none of them looked Japanese. What does a Japanese person look like, you ask? Well, Google "samurai" and "anime" and you will have your answer.
*smells like a restaurant, but ventilation is good enough for the smell to be aromatic and not linger.
The good:
-menu is big. Caters to most preferences. They have sushi as well as entrees.
-gyoza is done well. Soft but not burnt at the bottom.
-I love the decor here. Simple, modern, stylish. The lights look like cut bamboo with lights inside. Reminds me of alien scout drones tho.
-Thai beef salad is good.
-chicken thighs dish is bomb. The dish my friend got was a little undercooked. 
-the sushi. Ahhhh sushi. It's really good. I've had better, but the ingredients taste well put together and the rice is not too tough. 
The bad:
-the fried rice is too salty and soft for my taste. Others might like it, but I prefer mine not to stick together so much. Also needs more garlic flavor. 
My complaint about this place is too many special rolls. Sushi is not about putting sauce or a bunch of crazy ingredients together with fish and calling it sushi. Sushi is about simplicity, fish and rice. That's it. Japanese food is about capturing the essence of food in a simple manner, not bastardizing it with a bunch of ingredients. They've lost their soul to cater to the corporate and white crowd. For that, I weep.I've had it with the very rude, unfriendly lunch time bartender. Who is managing this place? Why does she have a job there? None of the regulars like her. Yesterday, the service was so bad that I have decided to get my Friday lunch time sushi fix elsewhere. The evening bartenders are great. MAYBE just MAYBE I will visit happy hour from time to time in the far distant future but the girl at lunch with very long dyed blondish hair and dark roots should not have a job in the service industry. Clearly, she doesn't like people. She makes it a point to frown at everyone. A few months ago, she went so far as to spill a glass of ice all over me without even saying "Im sorry" or "Excuse me". Who does that? She completely sucks! I'm tired of being given attitude and unapologetic F- service. There are too many good restaurants in New Orleans for me to continue to accept this any longer.  The bad attitude has become insulting and infuriating, especially since I easily spend $300.00 at this restaurant every month. The guy sitting next to me who works in the building even mentioned her awful attitude yesterday as well as the girl who sat to my left for 20 minutes waiting to even be acknowledged. Not served - just acknowledged with maybe a glass of water. When the "bartender" came over she did not even apologize for completely ignoring her. I am happy to say Goodbye Tsunami!!!Tsunami stated they closed at 6PM on Christmas Eve. That's fine! I get it. But why say you close at 6 when you closed 30 minutes earlier?!? Called to place an order at 5:30 and was left on hold for 10ish minutes. Hung up and walked over and was refused service at 5:50. Completely unprofessional.Their happy hour is unreasonably good. Great service too. $3 large hot sake, $0.99 nigiri of great, fresh fish, and some cool specialty sashimi half off. So good. I'd come here all the time if I lived here. And I have my new go to happy hour spot when I'm in town.Stopped in on a Thursday night, the first night of French Quarter Fest. Tsunami looked busy but not completely full. Had a party of 8 & we were all completely disappointed. Service has by far been the worst I've had in years. It literally took a team of people to serve our drinks & dishes for the night. Most of us did not even get our [first] mixed drinks within an hour. The poor waitress kept apologizing profusely when she'd bring one drink at a time, in 15-20 minute increments. For a restaurant where we ordered 3-4 rolls & 3-4 side dishes, it shouldn't have taken close to 3 hours =(
Now, on the other hand, the Tsunami in Lafayette, LA was the first one I ever visited. Totally different experience. Fast and super friendly.  Different management I believe.Ordered pickup and not disappointed! Dynamite roll was great and like most sushi restaurants, the price per roll varies greatly. Pretty fast service too and I will definitely be back here.