The service was wonderful by Phillip. The food was to die for by Chef Marcus. This is the oldest restaurant in NOLA. And it's still going strong! This is a must to visit.Where do I start....
1. Service: Slow. I felt like I was in Europe with the time it took to both put an order in and pay for the check. Isn't that why we tip in America? 
2. Setting: Small, cramped (understandable in New Orleans) and dirty. Not a fan.
3. Food: I got a seafood entre and my grilfriend got a steak and neither of us finished, not because we weren't hungry, but because it simply was not good. Also very expensive for small portions.
4. Drinks: For being a specialty drink place, the specialty drinks weren't mixed well. I expected better for $10 a drink.We chose this place because it wasn't far from our hotel and our guide from the carriage ride said it was one of her favorite old places in New Orleans and they didn't require a dress code. So we went. It's sort of odd when you walk in because it's the bar and you walk through and end up in this hallways where the restrooms are and where servers are moving food from the kitchen to the dinning room. Anyways we were able to get a table right away. They brought us amazing crusty French bread and butter to start, but forgot to tell us they were out of certain things on the menu, which is limited already. The server was nice and made sure we had water right off the bat. We chose their lump crab gnocchi in a mushroom sauce as an appetizer, it was really good. We chose scallops and their filet for our meal. It comes with a starch and a veggie and no real substations other than changing from mashed potatoes to mashed sweet potatoes. The food came out in a really fast and was cooked to perfection. My filet was thick and so tender. I ordered it medium rare and it was honestly the best cooked steak I've ever had from a restaurant, the cook did an amazing job!! The mashed potatoes where really good as well. Perfectly cooked and season and it was a course mashed versus creamy. The potatoes still had the skin on, they were really good. 
What made me give it 4 stars instead of 5 is the limited menu and the terrible table next to us. It's a small dinning area with tile floors and tall ceilings. The table was so incredibly loud you couldn't even hear yourself think. It was terrible! The party consisted of 2 tables and the second table with the party was even complaining how loud they were and were embarrassed by their behavior. It's one thing to be having a good time and occasionally be obnoxious, but when you're ruining other people's dinning that's when I feel management should've stepped in and requested they keep it down. 
Overall I think we had good food and the service was good.Well we should have known when we were able to get reservations last minute on a Saturday night at the "second oldest restaurant in New Orleans" that it would be bad. But not this bad: lukewarm soup and pasta, spinach salad served in diminutive bowls, courses served out of order and not coordinated with other diners at the same table, an obsequious waiter, and filthy restrooms.Great private room for our group of 20. Our server Victor was awesome - shared the history of the restaurant (second oldest in New Orleans) and he was fun, funny and provided great service. We had a blast.I would like to thank the folks at Tujagues bar for making our Saturday night great. This was already one of our favorite FQ bars so this was such a great night. We were wanting to watch the Aggie/Miss St game and they put it on one of their TVs for us. Two bottles of wine, great dinner, and a win plus meeting some great people made an excellent night. Thank you.Celebrated my 50th birthday at Tujague's back in mid-February.  The staff at Tujague's did an amazing job of working with my wife and setting things up for our party of 13 people, even gave us a private room facing Decatur Street with a balcony. As we had a number of NOLA first timers with us this trip, the LOVED the view and the ambiance.
Now, on to the important stuff. The food was amazing!!! My personal favorite was the Shrimp Absinthe, I swear the sauce in that dish would make your flip-flop taste amazing. Also of note was the Creole Turtle soup, Oysters en Brochette, Crab au Gratin, and the Louisiana Lump Crab & Wild Mushroom Gnocchi appetizers. In regards to the main courses we (and our guests) loved the Gulf Puppy Drum Pontchartrain, Grilled Double Cut Pork Chop, Chicken Pontalba, and my personal favorite the Abita Amber BBQ Shrimp and Grits.
Our waiter, Dennis, was great as well. There is a reason why Tujague's is the second oldest restaurant in the Quarter, I highly recommend them!So, the place I really wanted to go to that night had a 2 hour wait.
Instead of jumping on yelp to find another (face palm) I decided to be more
adventurous and walk around. I figure, in this area if there are at least 70% of the seats filled in a restaurant it should be ok, right?
Eventually Tujague's and I crossed paths. It's a tiny dark place. Suitable for my mood that night. And the placed had a good amount of people in there eating. Fine, deal....
The first surprise was that the menu was pre-fixe and the prices were something like $42 - $50 per person, give or take. Granted, that wasn't a bad surprise at first. I figured if they were charging that much and the food was garbage they would be out of business (I now realize that's not always the case when your demographic is probably 90% tourists).
On to the food....
I really only want to say one thing about the food. It reminded me of home cooking as a child. More specifically, on nights my parents would go out and left me a frozen Stouffer's dinner to heat up all by my lonesome. In my opinion there isn't a more accurate way to describe the "veal" entree. Dunno about the other dishes there and will never find out.
The Service.....
Well, I must say the service was quite good. The waiters were fast and friendly. The only reason I didn't give it one star.
...good luckMy husband, daughter and I visited Tujaque's Restaurant for lunch on Sunday.  We were absolutely bowled over.  The restaurant is steeped in history and elegance - with lovely settings on fine linen table cloths.  My husband ordered the "special" for that day - a wonderful combination of eggplant and other delights.  My daughter and I ordered some of the New Orleans favorites of Etouffee, Red Beans and Rice and Jambalaya.  All were absolutely delicious and each of us would have been given a clean plate award.  Our waiter was prompt, polite and helpful.  We found the pricing for our lunch meal to be very reasonable.  In all - we were very impressed and plan to make this one of our favorite stops when we visit New Orleans again.I booked a private room several weeks in advance for our wedding reception dinner. The sales manager, Megan, was great to work with. Very helpful, and quick to respond to all inquiries.
Unfortunately, the even itself was unforgettable, and not in a good way. The room was upstairs, and in bad need of updating. I'm all about the weathered look, but it was weathered in a bad way (carpet was falling apart, etc.).
On to the food. The shrimp remoulade salad was really good. The chicken and andouille sausage gumbo was fine. Everyone else seemed to enjoy the brisket with horseradish and the Fried Green Tomatoes with Crabmeat Ravigote. 
My problems started with the main course. I ordered my steak medium. The first time it came out it was still rare. So I sent it back. The second time it came out, it was still rare again. So I sent it back again. The third time it came out it was like a charcoal briquette. I have worked in the service industry for years, and that was the most unprofessional service I have ever seen...or received. The cook was obviously sending us a message (either we eat it as is or we don't eat at all). And the same exact thing happened to my sister who was sitting right next to me. She didn't order hers medium...I can't remember what her request was...whatever it was, her results were the exact same. Amazingly enough everyone else's steaks turned out perfect. Shocking considering the HORRIBLE treatment we received.
Their cook obviously has issues with professionalism/maturity. And PLEASE understand I am not a picky person. I am not a picky eater even. I just wanted a steak cooked medium. I don't think that's a difficult request.
Our server did credit our ticket, but it doesn't change the fact our dinner was ruined and I felt like we had been treated poorly.
Also, the dessert was pitiful. We had selected the chocolate pecan pie for dessert for our guests. We each received maybe a 1/2" sliver of pie. Like why even bother serving dessert at all?
Then, to top things off, they ruined our centerpieces. I had called the florist to ask what happened to our centerpiece settings (when we arrived at Tujagues I immediately noticed that they tables did not at all appear as I had asked them to appear). This is the response I got from our florist:
"I am extremely sorry about the petals and tables. We sent over a very large pack of red petals with a whole case of candles to the restaurant. Originally when I called to schedule the set up of the room , I was told anytime after 11am the room would be available. When our delivery driver showed up , she was told the room was being used for another party until 5pm. They insured us that if we left it with them (spoke to David), they would make sure it got done the right way. We called back at 5pm to remind them again in full detail that the petals & candles were to be heavily spread across both tables. They insured us that it would be done that exact way." 
We will never go back again. And I would never recommend Tujague's to anyone I cared about.You know, I've been meaning to try this place for a while. I went to a party there, and I was a bit underwhelmed. I know the restaurant has history, and I know it's currently going through some problems (the owner passed away). But, I was surprised by how unexciting the food was. The traditional food was ok, but I've had way better. The crab cakes were extremely dry; the gumbo was bland.
Now, the worst part is that while there was an open bar, the drinks were all super-super-super watered down. The tonic was flat, and the liquor itself seems to have been watered down. At one point, I asked for an extra shot of gin for my drink, which they gave me (I saw it come out of the bottle). I walked away and tasted the gin, which seemed to be half water.
It makes me sad, and I hope the current troubles are just a symptom of the trauma the restaurant has experienced. But, I also hope the straighten it out before these problems drive the place into the ground.I don't get what the bad reviews are all about - I thought this place was great!  Food & service were both terrific. Yeah, the bar isn't all bright & shiny, but that's because it is OLD!  The place has been operating for over 160 years!
Felt to me like I was getting a true old school New Orleans experience.Stopped in for a drink - bartender kept a $3 tip without giving me my change - beware!Friend and I split the shrimp creole, the crab cake and crab and mushroom gnocchi. It was so delicious. Not a single complaint!Great place for lunch! Excellent service, comfy, and delicious food. Had a po boy and it was excellent, very tender brisket.It was good for a large group and the waiter was nice and attentive. They had some classics cocktails that were good but the food was inconsistent. The brisket that I ate was tender but others in our group was tough. The grits were a bit undercooked and hard. Overall, for the price point, I think it was over rated.One of my go to restaurants in Nola. Was told about it from someone that actually lived there. Lunch menu is great, dinner is even better. Quiet place to get away from the crowds.After several hours at the swamp tour, I was hungry. The shuttle dropped me off in the French Quarter and this restaurant was open. 
I went in and sat at the bar. I ordered a coconut rum and coke bit was yummy. I then asked for a lunch menu. It was just after 15:00 and I was informed that there was no food. Really? The place can't bend the rules a bit and feed a hungry tourist who came just after 15:00? So, it was misleading for me to think that this restaurant served food until closing. 
I paid for my drink and tipped the bartender. I then went to a real restaurant for a late lunch.Ordered gulf fish.  We were one of the first ones in for lunch.  Placed our order early.  Restaurant started getting crowded.  Everyone who arrived after us started getting there food and we were there with nothing.  So we left after the waiter told us 3 times every 15 minutes that our food was on its way out.Don't expect cutting edge modern cuisine here.  You get to choose your entree.  Otherwise everyone eats the same things.  My fixed price dinner was as follows:  Decent shrimp remoulade.  Mediocre soup.  Great  beef brisket (but small serving size).  Average lamb shank.  Above average bread pudding and coffee.  Good service.  Having said that, my friends did enjoy this place more than me.  One had pan-fried fish of the day instead of lamb.  Another had filet mignon instead of lamb.This unique spot located just near Jackson Square and Cafe du Monde has my mouth watering for their brisket.  Once you eat their famous boiled brisket with horsh radish tomato sauce you will know what brisket truly is....  And if you like chicken, the Chicken Bonne Femme is amazing and you will think you died and went to heaven.  Just try it, you will see.I love Tujague's.  I've never had a bad meal here and I'm a sucker for the early 20th century style of serving.  You choose your entree and that's pretty much it.  Everything else is set.  The kitchen staff & the waiters have all worked their forever and it's fun to watch their interactions.
I could eat their shrimp all day every day.  I even got to tour the 2nd floor when my cousin considered them for her wedding reception.  What a great building.My husband and I waited here before the NOLA beer tour and grabbed a couple cocktails and a bite before heading out with the tour. We were in the bar so I can't speak on the service in the actual restaurant, but we did enjoy delicious cocktails and seafood gumbo. I had at least 3 different gumbos while in NOLA and this one was my favorite. My family is from Louisiana; I'm no stranger to good gumbo. It wasn't overly fishy, and it had enough heat without being overbearing. My husband's only complaint was that he didn't get much "substance" in his.  After dinner I had a grasshopper cocktail and it was the perfect after-dinner drink (like a mint!)
During our NOLA beer tour we got to sample the brisket with our beer tasting. It melted in your mouth. The flavor was different, but it was delicious with a cold beer!
The following day we stopped in here to have another grasshopper. The same bartender was working and I raved to him about the gumbo. My husband mentioned his one complaint (about the lack of substance) and the bartender disappeared for a few minutes shortly after. When he returned he had brought 2 bowls of gumbo, with plenty of substance!
What a save! 
Overall, I was a big fan of this place and will definitely go back to sample more of the menu when we return to New Orleans!We were a table of 13, the staff were wonderful.  The place is a little run down.  The roast was ok, even though it was the specialty - although the sauce that came with it was delicious.  The fried green tomato appetizer was great.  The crawfish & goat cheese crepe was awesome.  The gnocchi was good.  Overall, great place, but only reason for 3 stars is the signature dish (roast) was salty and below average.  Costco slow cooked roast was a leg up.Absolutely perfect!
We held our wedding dinner here, 10 attendees, 2 hours.
We were seated in the Begue room, 1st floor.
They exceeded our expectations, the staff went above and beyond their duty. They were great about letting us decorate the tables, all the chairs, setting up our cake, etc.
The food was amazing, and by far the most affordable restaurant to hold an event for the high class food and service you receive. We live around 3 hours away from New Orleans and make frequent visits. We've eaten at just about every restaurant in the French Quarter and Tujagues is definitely above par when it comes to their food. Flavor was great, presentation was very nice.
We opted for the open bar for 2 hours, they didn't let our drinks even get half empty before they were bringing in another round. (I was worried they would try to skimp out on the open bar, and they most definitely did not).
The event coordinator, Katie Ostrowski, could not have been more helpful with getting us scheduled, picking out menu options and getting us all the information we needed. We had a 4 course meal for 10 people AND a complete open bar for 2 hours all under $1,000 including the tip... No other restaurant compares to this type of service for this price in the French Quarter. Tujague's made our wedding dinner a success!We were only in NOLA for one night but this choice was a good one. It is better to go for lunch as the prices are better and when you are only there for 24 hours it's best to eat small. I got the crab cake, which was wonderful with its remulaude sauce and small green salad. A frien got the red beans, sausage and rice and loved it. Another got the gumbo and liked it. The warm crusty bread served was a treat as well. Very elegant feel to the room and the server was a charmer. Born and raised in NOLA I asked some questions about Katrina and he was quite interesting to listen to.Fucking Yummy with a capital Y!
Tujague's is interesting. You enter through a small bar that is predominately taken over by the long bar and a few tables. If you let them know you're there to dine, you'll be ushered into a back area with tables and a great view for people watching. The whole place feels like it's been left unremodeled since the early 20th century, with black and white hexagonal tiles covering the floors that have been made uneven with time.
On to the food. Start with a huge loaf of freshly baked bread and choose a wine from their list. Great service from dandily dressed waiters was fantastic, but the food was the real highlight. I had the vegetarian gnocchi and within a few bites I was so sad because I knew this amazing dish would probably never happen in my life again. It was so, SO delicious and I was so wrapped up in how good it was I don't even remember what my husband ate. We finished with the banana bread pudding. I normally don't do dessert, but no human could resist the siren call of this confection.
The manager stopped by to check on us and we had a really nice time chatting with him. Overall, it was a perfect date night and if I ever go back to New Orleans, it will be specifically to eat their gnocchi again.Recommend: their bread. Shrimp and grits.
NOLA restaurants tend to serve this thick crust light and fluffy middle bread. Theirs was the best. It was the freshest, had the crunchiest crust and fluffiest center. 
Late November, Lunch. Not crowded. 
Liked the ambiance. Simple decor, black and white checker tile floors. The building is so old that if you sit on the edges of the dining room, the floor under your chair is slanted.This was the worst doing experience in large city with all available reviews. The front if the house- aside from the walk through some smoky bar with college kids partying in the oldest bar in Nola. 
Sat down and saw crowd dining. That was clue number 1. Seated with wait staff. When waitress cane by, I asked for black linen napkin for my black outfit and was met withThis is an authentic and unique old school New Orleans restaurant & bar. It doesn't look like much when you enter as one of the oldest established restaurants in NOLA. As you head into the dinning area you will find elegantly set tables and the NOLA vibe you desire. The bartender Brett was a fantastic young man who was very helpful with local hints & tips. He makes a mean Hurricane which was far above any other we'd tried. The food was off the charts great in everything we ate. We shared several items from the soft shell crab BLT Po-Boy; the seafood gumbo, a seafood coronation & on a different visit the brisket Po-Boy. All were 5 star. Our waiter Remmy was awesome! Highly recommend for the real NOLA experience!Forget the haters this place rules. By far the best food we have had on our visit. I had a Pimm's Cup and it was delicious. For my meal I had their Louisiana Crab, Wild Mushroom gnocchi and I loved it! My husband had the brisket and said it was one of the best meals he has ever had!Only had one night in New Orleans, and this was where we ended up for dinner.  Big disappointment.   The food was average at best... over-sauced and under flavored.  I had the chicken entree and it was pretty dry with some stray bones and chewy skin.  The meals are Prixe Fixe style, which is ok cause the give you a few options... but I still prefer to sample from a larger menu.  Overall, I'd say avoid this one.We went in with a group, wasn't a lot of room, bar tenders were mildly friendly.  Drinks are small for the price. Wouldn't recommend opening a tab as amounts and number of drinks were questionable. They said they are a specialty bar compared to others in the area but drinks were no better, in smaller cups and at higher prices. Ok place but probably better other choices around. Not a super bad experience just not greatDO NOT COME HERE. Unless you like eating expensive, mediocre food.  This restaurant was recommended by a native Louisianian so I was expecting something good. I did my research before going, so I knew that it was in an old building with character, no menu, prix fixe, etc, but I didn't know the food was going to be so-so. At almost $50/pp (without drinks), I was definitely expecting better. Save your money and go to Commander's Palace instead!The building has a lot of history. It was really cool. Well actually it was really hot inside but once we got the air conditioning sorted out it was great. I had the amazing lump crab nest gnocchi. SO GOOD! And the hurricanes were delicious. For dessert I had the chocolate pecan pie. Perfection!
It's got such a great location, right there in the French Quarter next to Jackson Square and across from Cafe Du Monde.Just an OK meal...nothing special.  Touristy crap.  We went here for the Thanksgiving special dinner.  My potatoes were cold and the veggies were sad.  My fillet minion was very good.  The waiter was confused about the bar service upstairs.  Luckily a bar dude came by and took our order.  Maybe come here for the roast beef sandwich during the day.We eat in New Orleans often.   This meal was a special occasion, and thought this could be a fun place to take a small group (8).   All of the food was very good - I have no complaints there.   The service, however, was a whole other story - it was the worst that we have have ever received in New Orleans.   I had to leave the table 2 times to go find the waiter, we were never offered dessert, the table was NEVER cleaned and we got to tack on a gracious 20% tip for being a large group.   The only excuse were given after complaining was that there was another large group - I couldn't care less about another group - that's why we both made reservations so that you could staff your restaurant appropriately.   There are no excuses for the service that we received and there are no reasons that I will need to go back.I usually think of Tujague's more as a tourist destination than a place locals visit, which is probably just due to it's location in the Quarter, right near Café Du Monde. Maybe that's not fair. I'm not sure. But when my friend threw her husband a surprise birthday brunch here, it was the perfect opportunity for me to try it out. All in all, I was pleasantly surprised.
We had a big group (about 9, I think) and they accommodated us well by placing us in a small room at the back of the restaurant. It wasn't a totally private room, as there were a few other tables in there, but it was small enough that we could all talk to each other and not be annoying to everyone else trying to eat. Our server was very nice and attentive. More on that later.
In terms of food, I had a soft shell crab po-boy, which was quite large and pretty tasty. I asked for pickles to be added and they came on the side after I had already eaten about two-thirds of the sandwich. I guess it's better late than never, though. I was quite full after eating the whole thing.
I also had a couple of screwdrivers to drink. They were fine. Hard to mess up vodka and orange juice. But what made them particularly good this time is that our waitress got all of our drinks comped because it took a good while for our food to come out. Nobody was complaining or anything, but she was very apologetic. We certainly weren't complaining about free drinks! I left her a solid tip.
I don't thik Tujague's is a place I would go out of my way to visit again, especially with parking being an issue in that area of town. But if I'm down there and need something, I'd definitely consider it. But be warned, there's a fine line between old in the charming way and old in the falling apart way. Tujague's is right up against that line.I can't believe this place was raining bad I was really surprised at how good everything was maybe because I wasn't expecting much. But just nice dining experience with some great food. Had the gumbo which was old-school gumbo but very tasty.  Also had the brisket which was very good and moist and tender. Only thing I didn't like was the fried green tomatoes the tartar sauce or whatever it is that's with it just not good. Also had the bread pudding which was really really really good and could not leave without visiting the standup bar to get the original grasshopper which is like a second dessertI was very disappointed in both the quality of the food and the service. Our waiter was disinterested and robotic. The food was meager and poorly prepared, even the bread pudding seemed to be a microwaved left over.
The place itself was worn out and dilapidated and not in a charming way, with dirty laundry and garbage piled in plain view near the restroom.
To really cap off the evening, I had a stiff case of diarrhea immediately after leaving the place.
I am a frequent  traveler to NOLA and have dined at many of the fine restaurants there, Tujagues is not one,First, our waiter was great and is exactly how I expect wait staff to be at a restaurant like this. We asked the chef to substitute shrimp for crab in our risotto and he was happy to do it. The food was amazing. I didn't try any of the wine but the rest of our group did and they were very happy with the list and what they got.Stopped in with some friends who are New Orleans natives. Dropped by for a drink or two during the day after swinging by the French Flea market. The bar definitely had a cool feel (love the huge mirror - brought over in the hold of a ship from France). The bartender was good; not only did he do a great job mixing drinks, he also was knowledgeable in the bar history and was very friendly.We didn't have reservations but were welcomed and waited less than 30 minutes. This place is the real deal. Wait staff was very friendly and not at all snooty, a place with this high level dining experience could really go that direction. Another review complained about the portion size, but ours was perfect, and every bite was over the top delicious. Beautiful dining room, professional staff, relaxed although classy atmosphere. Aahh. I had the drum with an exquisite sauce with shrimp and crab, my hubs had a beautiful airline breast of chicken. We both had the house salad. This is definitely food heaven.We were visiting NOLA for a couple of days in May, and on our last evening we hit the jackpot......or should I say, Tujague Pot!
The staff seated us right away; even w/o a reservation!
The waiters and waitresses were efficient, accommodating, and very friendly!
All of the food was exceptionally good. I only wish I didn't live so very far away.
They did tell me a cookbook with their memorable recipes will be available online in October. I can't wait!Ate lunch here and the soft shelled crab BLT poor boy sandwich was incredibly good...especially considering the price under $15.
The gumbo was terrific as well and the $3 Bloody Mary's were some of the best in the city.
Service was outstanding- and the whole experience was noteworthy...one that we will revisit during future trips to the city.
Highly recommended!Oldest Bar-restaurant in NOLA.  Shrimp salad was delicious, Good fast service.Service and willingness to fix issues was completely unacceptable. A large group of us recently visited this restaurant, with a prior reservation, since it is on a busy weekend (Jazzfest). We get in, are immediately sat at our table, given water & ordered drinks & appetizers. It took 90 minutes to get appetizers and salad, and when we checked in with our waiter to see what the hold up was all we got was "I honestly don't know, the kitchen just said they were backed up." At no point did he apologize for the delay, offer to refill our water or ask if we wanted another round of drinks. We ordered two fried green tomato appetizers for the table, not knowing that you only get ONE per order, and with a group of 8 our waiter also did not make any suggestions or recommend that we may want to order a few more. I went to speak to the manager at this point to ask what was going on and try to get some communication as we had some pretty aggravated and hungry people in our group. He offered no apologies, didn't come to address our table, and passed me off to someone else who didn't do much more than that either. There were no explanations or offers to fix our problem. Busy nights happen and are understandable when handled appropriately and communicated about. When I reach out to a manager to discuss the problem at hand and he does nothing, not even issue an apology then that establishment doesn't deserve anything other than a service training.Came here with a party of 6. 
Waitress messed up drink order.
Received our food. 3 gumbo's were cold. 1 gumbo didn't even have meat in it. Other than temperature of food, the gumbo is good.
Server had a very snappy attitude.I mostly came because of the grasshopper. Everything was ok just not fantastic. It is famous so of you come just to say you've been that's what I'd recommend.love this old fashioned multi course, fixed price restaurant. Best gumbo in town, old tyme creole style, great shrimp remoulade and exceptional boiled beef brisket. All meals come with these starters and choice of entree, usually a fish, chicken, meat, and other.....also comes with bread pudding for dessert, and coffee or tea.
nice old fashioned tiled dining room, white tablecloths, professional servers, great bloody marys from the bar.  Overall a solid choice for a hearty and reasonable mealTook a stroll  through the French Quarter today and after checking a few menus around town, we decided to try the world's famous Tujague's. There's lots of history to this place including nearly losing their lease in a recent feud with the new owners of the building. The restaurant has been in this location since 1856 after being founded by a French Market butcher from Bordeaux, France.  The restaurant still serves many of the dishes that made it famous. 
We had the 1856 Celebration Lunch for... you guessed it... $18.56. There were some choices... and we went with the gumbo du jour, Tujague's Brisket, and bread pudding desert. The gumbo was fantastic, many restaurants go heavy on the okra and filet to the point of ruining the dish; but Tujague's gets it right. Plenty of sausage, shrimp, and crab... with just enough rice to make it a very pleasant start to the lunch. The brisket dish comes with way too much meat and too much of the creamy potatoes... but I'm not complaining. With three tender chunks of brisket and a mountain of potatoes no one is leaving hungry. The brisket reminded me more of a roast type dish, but the meat was flavorful and tender. The cocktail type horseradish sauce went surprisingly well with the brisket, contrary to my first thoughts. The potatoes were awesome with a strong buttery garlic flavor. There was butter on the table and bread before the meal. We finished with a bread pudding desert that was good, but not as distinct as the other parts of the meal. 
I've always wanted to eat here and it's a definite must do spot; given the history of the location. Glad we came and definitely recommend it.This review is for the bar, not the restaurant. The bartender working there mid-week is one of the nicest, most knowledgeable, kick-ass drink makers I've had the pleasure of ordering from.  
We went through Pimm's cups, the Grasshopper, Ramoz Fizzes, and an angostura rum phosphate - that's what I remember anyway. And they  were all good.  I can't wait to go back!We went in to Tujague's as part of a food tour. I wished we had found this place sooner. It was awesome!! We had the brisket with a red sauce and it was the best food I have had during our stay. Next time we are in NOLA this will be our first stop.  In addition to the fabulous food their bar is the oldest in the nation, coming from France.  Check out the history and have a fantastic meal!Old, zero maintenance. Nothing extraordinary on the food, expensive. Nice thing they waited the whole time while we enjoyed conversation with our friends without hurrying us at all.We ate here on New Year's Day (had the good sense to OpenTable a reservation on the walk over though!), and it was splendid. The food was outstanding, the service was stellar, and everyone at the restaurant was polite and attentive, even though they had surely been dealing with pure and utter chaos for at least 48 hours. Nice people, great food, worth every penny - next time I'm in New Orleans, I'll definitely come back.We went here for lunch. My friend and I split the Cobb salad and the beef brisket po' boy. Loved the sandwich!  Tasty, but salty (my taste buds are not used to the New Orleans heavy salt hand I guess?!). 
The Cobb salad was good. I have to say, I would've given this place 4 stars....but the avocado was so NOT RIPE it was crunchy. Have you ever had a crunchy avocado? Gross! And avocados are my favorite part of any salad, so I was super sad.  The service was a little slow.Truly a disgrace.
I've been going to Tujaque's with my wife for over 15 years and have witnessed its steady, disappointing decline.  It was one of the first venerable "Old New Orleans" restaurants I ever experienced.  And I loved it.  
The set menu food was tasty, succulent and somehow original even though the menu had not changed in decades.  I liked the attentive waitstaff and maitre'd who had apparently worked there since he was young.  The place was always packed.  I went there often enough that it felt like home.  No longer.
We returned to Tujagues about a month ago for the first time in over two years and, man, were we ever unhappy.  The beef brisket, which was once the best possible way to start a meal, was rubbery, salty and bland.  The waiter, a feckless girl, offered seconds.  We declined.  The shrimp remoulade arrived as a runny, sloppy mess.  It was salty and the tiny shrimp were tough little bastards.  I ate the lettuce because I was hungry.  Same for the bread.
I barely remember the soup except to say that my wife didn't touch her's.  The real disaster started when the entrees came out.  There were four choices: beef, shrimp, chicken and fish.  We passed on the beef since the brisket was so bad.  It didn't matter.  Everything was alternately salty, overcooked, undercooked (that red stuff in the chicken was not gravy...gross), bland, slimy or, generally, unappetizing.  We ended up trying everything because we had to send it all back.
Some kind of dessert with "rum sauce".  It was bland and salty.  I don't think there was any rum in it.
I don't know what happened to the Tujague's we loved.  Maybe there's a new chef who never ate at the restaurant in it's heyday.  Maybe he doesn't understand the history.  Maybe the owners are now too old to appreciate good New Orleans food (too much salt, butter, love, etc.)  Worse, maybe they are content to let the money roll in from all the tourists and assorted suckers who wind up wasting their time and money here.
Whatever the reason, it doesn't matter.  Tujague's is a disgrace and this was the worse meal I've suffered through in the past decade.  It's all pretty depressing as the restaurant was once one of the jewels of our dining scene.  I guess it's true what they say.  You really can't go home again.  R.I.P. Tujaque's.  I don't know when you died, but it's a real bummer that you were replaced by Zombie Tujaque's.Nice spot to stop by and have a cocktail. Drinks were strong and bartender was nice. Great people watching for sure! Sat at this cute table that was the shape of a painter's palette. Most entertaining thing was this group of girls from I believe Liverpool. They were getting wasted at the bar. Not exactly the classiest place to be but great people watching. It was fun. Nice drinks and on to the next bar.We ordered  2 Pacemaker Po Boys, Shrimp and Grits, and a Strawberry Salad. The Shrimp and Grits were very good as well as the Salad. The Pacemaker's needed more flavor and seasoning. The server Vincent T was very rude on several occasions. The one that is making me write this review was his statement after we asked for separate checks. He presented the check as we asked for it stating I already printed it you can separate it yourself . Um, that's not the way we normally get this done. Excuse me?  Then he states y'all should be old enough to ask for separate check when you order ? No, you shouldn't have closed us out until we asked for our check and separate orders. NEVER coming back especially to have serve from VINCENT TOh look it's 5 years later  and it's time for an update. The owner has transitioned from father to son in the last few years, so there have actually been some changes at this venerable restaurant. The dining room looks the same, only spruced up...same for the bar. The menu has some different items on it and some of them are actually healthy. I know it's a shock.
I recently enjoyed a Tales of the Cocktail lunch at Tujague's. It was 3 courses and a Sazerac for around $25. And it was delicious. I had a lovely salad, a beautiful piece of fish and then bread pudding, of course. Oh and I almost ate an entire loaf of french bread by myself because it was warm and tasty.
The staff was great and even let me charge my phone near their station (no plugs in the antique dining room). I'm glad to see them still going strong.We are moving to California and one of our cross country stops was New Orleans. We are traveling with our son who uses a wheelchair. We didn't have a reservation but were seated immediately. We were there fairly early. The table was a little low for our son's wheelchair to fit underneath. A few minutes later, one of the waitstaff came back with blocks of wood he cut to put under the table legs to raise it for the wheelchair. Perfect! Now that's excellent service. The food was delicious. I had the vegetarian gnocchi and our son had the blackened mahi mahi. Both were very, very good. The blackened fish was the best our son has ever had. Great evening in New Orleans at Tujagues.I recently had a great lunch here with my family in town.  (My guests were two adults, a 13 year old boy and a 16 year old girl - all of whom found something they liked.)  All but one dish was better than on my previous visits.  However, my brother-in-law ordered the brisket and it was very dry - the only reason I rate this visit 4 rather than 5 stars.  But, the rest of the food was fantastic - shrimp remoulade, gumbo, red beans & rice, etouffee, and shrimp & grits.  I really appreciated the $3 lunch drink specials too that included wine which mosts drink specials do not - that will definitely get me back.  As always, the service was impeccable, and I will definitely return.Visited this establishment for dinner with my husband. The atmosphere is very nice... classy or casual dress. You can dress up very nice and fit in or come in off the street after being a tourist all day. We had to enter through the bar which was odd seeing as how the restaurant has its own entry door.  They usually take reservations i think because he asked if i had one as soon as we asked for a table but they let us walk in. The staff was friendly enough but they definitely treated you differently depending on how you were dressed. We were seated and handed a menu however another couple was read the menu...(which I knew better than the waiter from 5 minutes of reading).
As for food, we both did the five course meal. 
We started with the shrimp remoulade salad (ok-ish flavor but the sauce was definitely what this salad was about there was probably 1/4 cup on my 1 cup salad plate).
 Next was our soup. I had a the soup de jour(crab and corn bisque) which was delicious I used the bread to get every last bit. Unfortunately my husband got the gumbo which had a half crab in it. Not a blue crab that you can eat but just a decoration that took up half his soup bowl. Also the shrimp in the gumbo was overcooked and besides two pieces of sausage the only meat in his bowl..there was also uncooked rice in the soup mixed in with the overcooked rice...so much in consistency in one bowl...weird and don't recommend. 
The appetizer is the brisket... I would not order the five course meal just to avoid this plate (which the waiter said was their signature dish...I would never admit to that)...Boiled bland dry beef that came with a sauce that tasted to me just like the shrimp remoulade sauce...which is not at all how it is described.
 Next were the main courses...I ordered the Louisiana crab gnocchi with mushroom sauce (it really was a delicious plate)!! Unfortunately for my husband he ordered the filet with garlic confit ( it was dry and flavorless). To me a filet is hard to murder if you just cook it right but these people actually had to cut it before they served it...which of course let all the juices flow out before served..hmmm wonder why it was dry...honestly if you are gonna to charge $39 for a $5 grade steak please at least let there be a trace of flavor left in the meat.
To wrap up our meal... for dessert I had the cheesecake with strawberry sauce and the husband had the bread pudding with whiskey cream sauce...both were exceptional and we were very pleased with that course.
Overall my experience was a 2.5...but gave it a three due to half of my meal being quite delicious. But this kind of inconsistency should not be at a restaurant that charges these kinds of prices. My husband would obviously rate this place lower because he had bad luck with his choices. I would not recommend this place overall. Not worth the money or experience.The chicken was amazing. The white wine sauce with capers and artichokes was tantalizing. I wish I could eat here everyday it was so good. I came here in Mardi Gras the staff was excellent given this is a crazy time for the French quarter. Bathroom was gross but I don't hold that against them, every bathroom is gross around here during this week. If you are in town visiting this is a must stop dinner place. Yummy! My friend really enjoyed his meal too. We both were very happy with our experience.Possibly the worst food I have ever tasted. The lump crab meat appetizer was at room temp. And it looked smelled and tasted like bait...one bite and returned to kitchen....a salad to replace served in a hot bowl, wilted....no walnuts or corn or croutons per the description...hot wilted wet lettuce.....my husband ask them to bring a check...we would pay and leave...they did not bring a check and we did leave the meal.  hORRIBLE! I also noticed two other people left their food and walked out as well.This place has the best roast beef po boy I have ever tasted.  It was moist and the bread was flaky and perfect.  I highly recommend!Always know that you are in trouble when menus do not include prices, however, the food is well worth itThere are two aspects to Tujague's--the bar and the adjoining restaurant. The bar makes a very good Ramos Gin Fizz and a pretty good Sazerac at fair prices. Vist the bar.
On the other hand, the restaurant serves lousy, bland "creole" food at an inflated price. Whatever you do, do not eat dinner here!  For the same money, you could have a fabulous dinner a few blocks away at K-Paul's Louisiana Kitchen.  My wife is still asking me, "Why did you decide that we should have dinner there?"  And I'm still trying to figure out the reason myself.  It was an embarassingly bad call on my part.My hubby and I went here on Christmas Day to enjoy their special menu. First of all, I appreciate the fact that they were open on Christmas Day, and we were able to easily book them for lunch through Open Table. 
Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted by this big, beautiful old bar that spanned the length of the whole first room. Just past the bar were the hosts who quickly got our name, told us we would be upstairs, and phoned upstairs to tell them we were coming. By the time we climbed the very steep stairs that felt more like a ladder (which was kind of cool), there was already someone waiting at the top of the stairs to meet and seat us. Our table was a small two seat table in a fair sized dining room, but we saw that there were several other rooms with seating both upstairs and downstairs as well.
Because it was Christmas, they were running a very limited menu. The only real selections we got to make was for the entree. They were kind enough to let me substitute the soup they were offering for their Tomato Cream soup. The lunch started out a bit rocky when they forgot the dressing on our salads but picked up quickly when I had the best tomato soup I've had in my entire life. It was so creamy but didn't lose the flavor that makes tomato soup so good. I highly recommend it. My duck came out shortly after I finished my soup, and it was also very tasty. I cannot comment on the dessert because I was too full to eat it. My husband seemed to really enjoy their bread pudding though. 
As a fun side note, when we were leaving, I realized there were stairs that led up to another , third level. I asked a server about them, and he said they led to a "very haunted" attic. When I pried further, he said he "had seen things." I will fully admit that I was a bit tipsy with Christmas libations during this conversation, but I believed him. Although we didn't see anything during our lunch, you never know what kind of spooky things may go on during your meal.Eric took great care of us in bar. Spinach salad c fried oysters was perfect. The blackened redfish was as good as I remember from K-Paul's 20 yrs ago. Potatoes cold because it was late and chef had gone home. Come earlier than closing.Went to this restaurant on recommendation of one of the carriage drivers touted as a true creole, Cajun Louisiana meals ...but I guess I failed to ask her how long it has been since she ate there. This was the worse meal I have had here in New Orleans...the Oyster on Brochette well it was not recognizable as was advertised on menu...the oysters were deep fried in a battar with Barbecue sauce poured over them ...all the bread served with the meal was stale and "overtoasted"...I ordered the Seafood Gumbo and well it was defiantly soupy but had a weird bloaty shrimp that didn't taste like shrimp and two thin slices of sausage as for the  Barbecue shrimp I got the appetizer portion (4 large) but they were over cooked and tasteless despite the sauce it was suppose to be in
Needless to say I would not recommend this Restaurant ....Holy expensive! I have no problem paying $139 ( which is what my tab was) for a 5 course meal for the wife and I. That is, if the meal is worth it! We got the five course meal which is an additional $25 on top of whatever entree you choose. Pretty decent deal but the shrimp remoulade was okay followed by the brisket which they consider the house specialty. The brisket was boiled and had no flavor whatsoever. That was paired with a horseradish tomato sauce which tasted more to me like cocktail sauce for shrimp and looked like crap. The brisket was dry which I don't understand considering it was cooked in liquid (boiled). Absolutely  terrible! Moving on to the main course: I ordered the 8 oz filet mignon with the garlic confit and mashed potatoes and veggies. The squash and zucchini were mushy and bland. The mashed potatoes were ok though. For dessert, I had the banana bread pudding. It had a whiskey cream sauce and it was awesome! The bread and water was replenished by a different man than our waiter. although that guy took a short break and our waiter had to do bread and water and was NOT pleased as he acted like it was below him. What a douche! for dessert, I had the banana bread pudding. I almost forgot to mention how amazing the bread was! My wife and I had two loaves, but we are REALLY big on bread. Overall, I would not go back to this establishment or recommend it to anyone. There are better dining experiences to be had.Hugely disappointed with the food (although the bar was great - get the grasshopper which was invented here!).  They serve a set menu (several courses that are fixed but you have your choice of 4 entrees for the main course).  The night we were there I chose the lamb shank and my son chose the fish dish.  First course was shrimp remoulade which was absolutely DROWNED in an overpowering horseradish dressing.  I could only eat a few bites even after scraping most of it off.   A subsequent course (brisket) was overcooked and tough (kind of potroast like, but still tough).  Lamb shank was incredibly bland, my son's fish with cream sauce was slightly better.  The banana caramel bread pudding was the best part of the meal.  Were it not for that I would have literally left hungry.  Not sure what happened to this place as the locals used to rave about it, but they definitely need to get their act together before they destroy this new orleans institution.  My advice - stick to the bar and eat elsewhere.The grasshopper was invented at Tujagues so we had to stop by and grab an original. The bartender was nice, but he did mess up the drink he was making for the lady next to us. We reminded him that a Gin Fizz has gin in it and then he made our grasshoppers. It was the day after French Quarter Fest, so the incredibly strong vomit odor made sense...but still, have they heard of 409 with bleach? The grasshopper was tasty and then we left. Didn't try any food so can't help you there.The place definitely needs an update, however the food, drinks, and staff were amazing!
We had the shrimp remoulade which was great however, the salad was brown and wilted. The brisket was amazing, the pork chop was cooked to perfection, juicy, and tender. We also had the bread pudding that was drizzled with caramel sauce which was good.
Only giving it a 3 because of the run down look inside. It may be historic but some updates could help.Worth a stop in to check out this historic spot. Seemed very popular for dinner, so perhaps on the next visitEntered through the bar, went to check in and no one there nor any indication of reception. Got seated when waiter noticed us there. Ordered two bloody Mary s. No bread brought to table and nothing appealing for vegetarians. The bloody Mary's were terrible, my fried oyster po'boy worst I have ever had. Breading not very good but the oysters had grit and shell pieces. Totally inedible. Waiter came by after I had pushed the plate with most of the sandwich to the table edge. he asked if we wanted to wrap the remaining up. Told him our thoughts on the food and drinks. He apoligized, but made no mention of adjustment. 160 year old restaurant gets 2 stars for getting that oldThe advantage of a food tour is that you get a small taste of what's to come, if you return for a meal.  And that's why I cancelled reservations at a more upscale and highly rated fish restaurant on Bienville.  I suspected my husband would favor Tujague's.
Some things to note:
-- Tujague's is New Orleans' second oldest restaurant, established in 1856. Notable guests have included Presidents Roosevelt and Truman, Cole Porter, J.D. Rockefeller, the list goes on.
-- Check out the décor, the photos, the bar, the grand mirror (which was shipped from Europe in the mid-1800s; at that point it was already 90 years old. To date, this 250+ year old mirror hasn't been re-silvered!)
-- Tujague's has been serving the same style boiled beef brisket with tomato horseradish sauce, for at least 100 years.  A Yelp reviewer commented (with disdain) that it's served in uneven chunks. To maintain authenticity, that's how it's always come.
-- Tujague's won awards for their Grasshopper cocktail -- which prompted us to give it a try. Frothy, minty, fattening ... not my kind of drink.  But if that sounds pleasing, by all means go for it.  
-- The restaurant offers a five course menu, for an additional $23 tacked onto the price of your entrée. We thought it was a good deal.
-- Several on the staff are career waiters, a bit more formal than what some customers expect.  (Our waiter has been with Tujague's for 22 years; another, over 30 years.)  We thought the service was excellent -- and the restaurant was quite busy.
And now for the food:  T. and I ordered winning entrees.  Based on Yelp reviews, he chose the BBQ shrimp, a bit cumbersome to eat still in the shell, but very good in a piquant Worcestershire and garlic sauce.  I had a special:  scallops with what looked like clementines and micro-greens, that were melt-in-your mouth delicious.
With the five course dinner, we both had the signature beef -- yum! -- a bowl of seafood and Andouille gumbo -- spicy and double yum --  & shrimp remoulade.  The  remoulade wasn't the best I've had, but certainly good, made from a recipe dating back to the restaurant's beginnings.
I'm far from a wine connoisseur, but the list was reasonably extensive, with choices at various price-points..  We enjoyed a bottle of Shiraz which came in at less than $30.
Oh -- and dessert!  By this time I was stuffed to the gills, but I managed to eat part of my caramel bread pudding which was soooooo good.
Reviews of Tujague's are confusing, since they run the gamut.  Some think this restaurant is past its prime, others -- like me -- think it's worth a visit.  I for one, give Tujague's a thumbs up.The waiter was the best part. Food ok, nothing great.  People running the place were extremely rude.  If they don't want to serve after 9, they should close earlier.Very cool, old school bar with a fair pour and good bartenders. I cannot speak for the restaurant as we made it no further than the bar.I came to the bar during a walking tour. As soon as we all came in (9 of us) it seemed like the bartenders were annoyed. We were helped by an older man with a beard and he was not friendly at all. He was not interested in really interacting or being friendly to any of us- even though our tour guide introduced us and was super polite. He even seems mean to his own coworkers. I love NOLA, being an out of towner, but I don't think I'd ever want to come back here. The bar is beautiful, we learned the history on the tour but maybe the tour should visit another bar, one that wants 9 peoples business. I wouldn't even suggest this place to a friend.It's been eight years since my last visit to Tujague's.  The menu has more selections now.  That's the only good thing I can say.  And I have visited Tujague's every visit to New Orleans for the past 30 years.  After tonight, I won't dine here any more.
Points---the brisket was tough and the red Creole sauce had too much horseradish-so much that it made my eyes tear.  The Shrimp Remoulade was very good. The Abita root beer glazed center cut grilled pork chop was overcooked and difficult to cut.  Didn't taste like it was grilled.  I am fairly sure it was prepared earlier in the day or maybe even yesterday and was lukewarm.  It was served with stringy mashed sweet potato that was plentiful but sloppy.  Squash was awful.  Bread was excellent--outsourced.  
My chocolate-pecan pie was served cold and tasted like it had been sitting in the cooler (uncovered) for at least a few days. 
The dining experience at Tujague's has been dumbed down.  Sad, sad, sad.  In a city known for great regional restaurants, Tujague's has been known for authentic Creole food for 160 years!  They can't live up to their previous reputation any more.Walked in after seeing a beautiful and full dining room.  The menu has a touch of steakhouse, Cajon and southern.  Tried the Fried green tomato with crab. Soo delicious!  Just based on this app I give them 4 stars.  The bartender makes you feel welcome and has local knowledge.We had a wonderful experience here.  We came to celebrate my parents 50th anniversary.  Great food, drinks, service and ambiance!
We were warmly greeted and the room was set up beautifully.  We had access to the balcony and a great view of the French Quarter street below. Loved that we got to experience a historic institution of New Orleans with both wonderful classic New Orleans and modern fine dining.  
They took the time when we booked the dinner to help us create a wonderful menu and set up a memorable experience. We looked forward to it with great anticipation and were not disappointed. 
 Their famous brisket appetizer made from their 150 year old recipe  melts in your mouth!  I had the speckled trout almondine with yukon gold mashed potatoes, haricot vert and creole meunière and was very happy with it.  The madagascar vanilla bean creme brulee with blueberry compote finished the night perfectly. 
Everything was delicious, beautifully presented and the portions were filling.
Ask for Becca.  She's an awesome bartender and waitress there.  She helped to make my parents celebration wonderful with her flair for presentation and great service.  She was warm, knowledgeable, attentive to our every need and went above and beyond.Went here with a group for Sunday brunch. Tujague's is a nice place in a cool location. They where a little slow when we arrived at 10:30 am but picked up slowly. Staff was friendly and accommodating. Menu was varied and had something for everybody. 
Started with  bloody Mary'sThey accommodated my birthday dinner group of 14 without issue, and seated us in a nice private (albeit perhaps a former closet) room on the upper level. Between all of the group I believe almost everything was sampled at some point - and there were approximately 7 bottles of wine - so it was a solid evening. 
The restaurant itself is quite narrow, and I would strongly recommend getting a reservation well ahead of time. As far as the things I sampled, the appetizer: "Fried Green Tomatoes with Crabmeat Ravigote" was extremely delicious. You only get two slices of the tomato though, so be warned. However with the crabmeat it becomes quite filling and I easily split it with another person. Also sampled was the "Louisiana Lump Crab and Wild Mushroom Gnocchi" - my heart hurts because I really feel this could have been a standout dish. As it was, the amount of garlic was so overpowering that it was the only thing we could taste. Did not care for this AT ALL and would strongly discourage anyone from ordering unless of course you only want to eat cloves of garlic. I could not taste anything else - and other members of the group who sampled agreed. 
The waiter and staff were all very accommodating, and other members of the group I am aware engaged in the 5-course sampling menu - and enjoyed very much their options.Dear New Orleanian: If it's been a century since you've visited Tujague's, please consider this an invitation to do so soon. 
I've lived in and out of the city for years, now back and living nearby, I decided to try lunch one Sunday afternoon. So glad I did. Yes, it's smack dab in the middle of tourist trap hell, but you can't blame the tourists for showing up here! 
The ancient dining room was complimented wonderfully by an over-dressed young waiter, who clearly holds his restaurant in deep affection. 
Excellent Leidenhiemer's bread served warm and crisp. A fabulous bloody mary. Passable seafood gumbo with terrific color and texture, the only issue I had with it was that too much sausage overwhelmed the flavor of shrimp and crab (it's unusual in my opinion to have sausage in a seafood gumbo, but such is the marvelous nature of the concoction: there is no official version).
The showstopper was the beef brisket po-boy. A monument to gluttony, this sandwich must be ordered dressed with tomato, lettuce, and horseradish sauce. Enough for two (or four?), bring a friend, roll up your sleeves, and dive in!
The bar is a cool hangout place as well. Separated from the dining room, it's boisterous with locals, on Sundays watching the Saints on t.v.Horrible experience!! I had reservations to eat here on Mother's Day and I was looking forward to Mother's Day Brunch. Well it was a disaster. We get there and are seated. It is oddly empty for a special occasion... now I understand why. It's 11am and we are given a dinner menu. I immediately request a brunch menu and am told because of the special occasion they are not serving Sunday Brunch... odd. So I pull up their website and the brunch menu for Sunday 10am-3pm. He shakes his head and says the brunch menu is not available today. So we order 2 mimosas while we look over the menu. We are disappointed and there is nothing on the menu appropriate for dinning in the morning. We politely tell our server that we really wanted brunch so we will just pay for our drinks and go. He brings the check with the mimosas at regular price rather than the special listed on their website. I again inquire about the error and show him where it's listed on their website. Again he says sorry ... not today. He was dismissive and did not fix the error. So we paid quickly and left. They did not try to fix the situation and we were treated terribly on Mother's day. This place is a disgrace. We ended up wandering around to find a brunch somewhere else in the FQ on Mother's Day with a young child and now without reservations. Horrible experience. I now understand why this place was virtually empty on Mother's Day while everywhere else was jam packed. Disgraceful. I am hoping to reach a manager or the owner to discuss my experience with them.SO Disappointed!
I made a rez here because I wanted my first meal in NOLA to be authentic in one of the oldest establishments in NOLA and didn't want to spend the $$$ at Antoine's or Commander's Palace. 
The "dining room" was dark & shabby, more like a tavern,  with tables covered in paper instead of linen cloths. The waiter explained the "fixed" menu to us (which I knew about beforehand and was fine with) and asked if we'd like cocktails to start. 
We explained we'd just have wine for dinner and before my husband had even cracked the wine list open, the first course of shrimp remoulade was dropped in front of us.  It looked like a plate of ketchup, that's it. There was so much 'sauce' (which honestly tasted like ketchup with horseradish), you couldn't see the shrimp nor the lettuce underneath.  Not only was the plate over-dressed, it was luke warm!  If I"m going to have shrimp, it better be nicely CHILLED or HOT, not tepid. And the worse part of it all, it was mealy!!! I'm not sure if it was overcooked or just not fresh but it had no snap to it at all, just this grainy texture. Hoping it was just me, I looked up at my husband and could tell his was just as bad. That was it-talk about setting a tone for the evening, we walked out!  I just couldn't bare the thought of our first meal in NOLA turning out like this.  We went around the corner and got some nice fresh oysters and beer and salvaged the evening.
If a restaurant is going to have a limited menu, please, execute those few dishes to the best of your ability!  I was so disappointed I didn't  even get to try the brisket everyone raves about. *pouty face*!!!I normally don't post reviews but on account of how wonderful our visit was here I have to. We celebrated my sisters bday here. We don't live in New Orleans so we had to drive 1 hour with her bday cake (which was scary enough). The restaurant let us drop it off early with no hassle at all! No paperwork. Nothing. Just a simple "ok no problem." When it came time for dinner the service was wonderful! We were waited on hand and foot by our wonderful server, Joshua. My family is a very demanding bunch but he handled everything with a yes and no problem. Now for the most important part... The food!! My mom is a chef and is a tough critic. She will definitely tell you when she doesn't like something. She absolutely loved the food. She ordered the BBQ shrimp appetizer and the redfish entree and she ate the whole thing! Finger licking good! We were all passing our plates around so we could all enjoy the delicious and scrumptious entrees! Then at the end of our meal our server dimmed the lights and lit candles for my sisters bday cake. We all sang and it was so wonderful. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone!! I am very pleased with our service there!! Thank you, Tujague's! We can't wait to visit you again!!Ha... funny story actually:
So I came here on a date probably about 2 1/2 years ago. It was August of 2008. I wasn't 21 yet! So I can't talk about any alcoholic beverages. Anyways, my date had made a reservation 3 days ahead of time for the two of us. If I recall correctly, it was for 7 P.M. We walked in about 5 minutes before-hand and were asked to sit at the bar because it was going to take a few minutes. So we did... we sat there... for one hour. I didn't think it was that busy, yet they have very few tables available. Good thing I wasn't starving. 
Finally, when we sit down, we were given these skinny menus. Basically we could only choose 3 things: soup or salad, lamb or veal, bread pudding or key lime pie. I don't like veal, so I chose lamb, and I don't like salads all that much, so I picked the soup. The 3 course meal was $45 per person. 
The lamb was bad... I didn't want to eat any of it, but after waiting for an hour just to sit down and another 45 minutes to get the main course, I ate as much as I could (forcefully). We get the bill and it's about $100. 
I think this place is overrated and is a tourist trap that uses their history to the benefit of their reputation. This gives them room to slack on service and quality because they know people will come in just because it says "Tujaque's" outside.
The meal sucked, the service was bad... a few weeks later, my date turned out to be a douche-bag anyway, he even asked me to pay for half of it. Oooyyyyy....... Bad experience overall to say the least. 
But like I said in the very beginning... it was 2 1/2 years ago. Maybe they picked up their act. I surely found a better date :)Mudbugs, crawdads, crayfish, call em what you like, jus don't call me late for dinner! Great institution of the Nawlins french quarter, if you never been here,  you've never tasted nawlins.  Jack, you ain't knowin` Jack unless you taste Tujaques!Classic old New Orleans restaurant and bar. Great vibe and delicious creole food.Came here on a tour, and got a sampling of what was good. Loved the atmosphere, and sat near an old guy who dressed like he had been there decades ago, and still waiting on his signature drink. I would of photographed him cuz he looked much like the dude in a painting on the wall above him, but he looked cranky.
We had a sampling of brisket. Wonnnderful texture; broth should be nice to soak up on a slice of Wonder bread. It came with a dollop of creole horseradish sauce that I wanted to take back home in an airport safe bottle. 
The Pim's drink was mega-awesome! I kept lookin into the cup with every sip wondering how the hale they got this so great. Then wondering if I could ever re-create it. Probably not.
Although the place was great, I got the feeling the staff wasn't so thrilled to be working there, and to deal with us, even as a small tour group. I also didn't get the feeling that dinner was their strong point, so I was glad to eat/drink what they were known for and dip out to continue the tour.I'm only giving it a three star rating based on I only had a couple drinks at the bar. I wish I had had a chance to eat but I didn't. One fun fact is they have the oldest freestanding bar in the United States. When you walk in you can feel the history in this place. The bartenders were dressed like we had step back in time which was awesome. The drinks were great the bartenders are friendly and the place had a good vibe. The bartender made us all a shot called the grasshopper which was so good it tasted like melted mint chocolate chip ice cream!!! DELISH!!!!! The bartender also talked about some of the history of the bar and seems to generally enjoy engaging with the customers. Guess you're doing something right after this many years LOL cheers and thanks for the great time and conversation...I'll definitely be eating their next trip around!!!!The people who have written recent reviews about Tujague's restaurant must eat at McDonald's or Burger King. I take that back, it is an insult to those two restaurants to be mentioned in the same breath. We just returned from New Orleans and this was the worst restaurant we went to eat. The food was terrible and the prices outrageous for the dog food that they serve. Maybe, this restaurant was good in the day of one of the people pictured on the wall of fame. By the way, the person pictured is George Washington.  I don't want to waste my time describing how bad this dining experience was. Go somewhere else like Brigtsen's or Clancy's for an outstanding dinner around the same cost.Tujague's has an awesome wait staff and we enjoyed our dinner here because of it. It was our first time in both New Orleans and Tujague's, and our server made us feel very welcome and comfortable with their menu. It was the weekend of St. Patrick's Day celebrations which was why our marching band was there as well. Anyway, I did attach several photos and I honestly admit I forgot all their menu names except for the Pim's Cup drink. LOL. Everything tasted great, especially their Gumbo. I got addicted to Gumbo when I visited this city. Oh my. If you are in New Orleans, check this place out. Such a historical place.This was by far the best food I had the pleasure of consuming during my trip to NOLA. The wait staff was incredible. I will definitely visit again the next time I venture to the French Quarter.Their grasshopper is just amazing. Supposedly it was created here so stop in and get it from the original source! And their brisket is so so tender and good. Fun atmosphere, right off Decatur but not too tacky or touristy.Went here for Saturday brunch. My fiancé and I both had Eggs Decatur. Delicious! It was one of the best breakfasts I have ever eaten.Awesome place, super old school vibe with great cocktails. Look out for for Brett, he's the best bartender in the city.Popped into the bar at Tujague's for a second to grab a drink for my Aunt who was visiting for just a few days from New York. I have to give a special shoutout to Brett the bartender who was especially kind and patient while I figured out her preferred wine from a block away and provided absolutely amazing service for me my first time in this wonderful establishmentYou like this?  WTF is wrong with you?  Old, old, old...  and the food is bad.  Maybe I;m jaded because i know what good food taste like.  This place is just plain bad...Beautiful dinner of filet and fried oysters with a beautiful brown/red reduction that went extremely well with the mash. Excellent service along with well made Cocktails. Only thing I'd do is relaxnon the bright lighting. Give it some more mood.This is a gem of a restaurant. It's got wonderful history and is a local favorite. If you want jambalaya (authentic) and appreciate the time it takes to prepare you will love this place. Servers are very knowledgable about their food. I know a place is good when they have a made from scratch caesar! Give it a try!Fabulous food, wonderful service. Michelle was a wonderful server! Oh my goodness!!! Heaven!We went to Tujague's Restaurant with some local friends while visiting New Orleans.  The staff was friendly, the food was varied and very good, the drinks were refreshing and the service was great.  Neither of us had an entrée, instead just appetizers and soup.  My wife had the 1/2 portion of Louisiana Lump Crab and Wild Mushroom Gnocchi and Fried Green Tomatoes with Crabmeat Ravigote while I enjoyed the Gumbo du Jour (chicken) and Seared Jumbo Lump Crab Cake.   That was honestly enough for us and we left full and happy.  We will definitely be repeat guests on our next trip to NOLA.while the reasons for meeting here were top notch, and the people who work here are as well, I cannot give four cause I can out cook this place at home.   there wasn't anything I tasted at this table that would bring me to come here again.    just standard.     the shrimp remolaude was so so.    by bbq shrimp was so so.   the gnocchi was tasty, but wasn't impressed with what was in it.   even my desert wasn't anything special.  the brisket which I was told is impeccable, was just brisket.
I waited for years to come here, and glad I did.  it is one of those places but don't expect to have a conversation you can hear.   LOUD loud loud.   drinks were great, and dirt cheap.   we were seated probably about an hour to hour and half later than our reservation.   I get it.  your busy.  its a sat night, but I was sheets to the wind from drinking my dinner.   usually this makes dinner taste better.  don't worry about salting your food, cause they def got that down.
I'd say my fave part of the entire experience was drinking it.   LOL
our party was fun.  loved everything about that.    huge table filled with fun folks celebrating, but I think the next big party that says to come here, I'll pass.
congratulations on being the second oldest restaurant in new orleans.  truly a thing.Classic New Orleans grub. This was a good lunch choice for us because it is located in a busy area by the water in the French Quarter. They offer a nice drink special with their brunch/lunch where you can get $3 wine, mimosa, or other select drinks. The portions are large and the food is reasonably priced. I had the Taste of New Orleans, which allowed me to try some creole classics. Service was helpful and kind.Grumpy employees, who look bored. Decrepit and decaying bar in need of repair, ceiling fans with he inches of dust on them, and a cloud of fruit flies around the bar .. This place is like something out of a kitchen nightmares episode. With all the great places in NOLA.. Why would you?one reason there are 3 stars is because my shrimp linguine entree looked, smelled, and tasted much more like creole chicken than shrimp... despite that, the creole chicken was really satisfying, especially after the courses that came before it.
the french bread was delicious, and most of it ended up eaten before even the first course was brought to the table.  we had shrimp remoulade, but because it had horseradish in it, i couldn't try any.  the rest of our party liked it though.  the turkey gumbo was decent, although it tasted surprisingly like holiday turkey in a thin turkey gravy with file added.  that was perhaps because it was only a few days after christmas... although that's just my guess...  the salad was a salad, nothing spectacular, but still good.  
overall, i'd definitely go again, since i like the place.  my most recent venture there was just a bit disappointing, perhaps due to the holiday/new year rushPerhaps my review is a bit tainted because I ate at Commander's Palace the night before. They both cost about the same and I found Tujague's to be much better for the buck. 
The menu is limited but for $38.00 I consumed: shrimp romulade, cabbage soup, brisket, shrimp with grits in red sauce and banana bread pudding. All of it tasted great. 
The ambience is quaint and the service was good. We were there on a very slow night though.An unusual dining experience, worthy of New Orleans.  Kind of a throw-back, with a  set menu ($36 if I recall right), but you get to choose among 4 entrees.  The food is nothing special, although it's typical New Orleans Creole fare.  The decor and service is very old fashioned - you could be back in the 1920's, and that's really the charm of the place.Overpriced for the quality of food served. The soft shell crab po boy was ok, the turtle soup was gamey. The dessert for $12 was not worth it. The profiteroles tasted store bought. I wouldn't go back.I could cook better than this place any day of the week! I had chicken which was dry and doused with a thick pasty garlic sauce over rice that was over cooked. The piece of fish they served my husband was so small he was still hungry. The man at the door was very rude to us because we did not want to go to the bar first. I would never dine here again!Not good for large groups. Service took 20 mins to give us drinks, 30 mins to order food, 35 mins before the standard bread and butter. I ordered the pork chops it's was really dry. Experience wasn't great hopefully because I was in a group of ten was the reason for the bad service.We've been here plenty of times on our trips to NOLA.  Our daughters were craving pasta like linguini and fettuccine.   Unfortunately these items were no longer on the menu.  We hope to return again.
The waiter and staff were tremendously accommodating and pointed out some alternative restaurants for Italian nearby.  Thank you so much!
I've attached an updated menu for everyone.
Cheers!This restaurant is over 150 years old.  That should tell you something!
I like this place a lot.  It isn't trendy, and it isn't the usual touristy fare. 
They serve a traditional Creole New Orleans 5 course meal.  They also have an outstanding bar.  The atmosphere transports you to another era.  I went with a group and we were taken care of wonderfully by the wait staff.  They did a phenomenal job.The bar smelled terrible and you have to walk through the bar to get to the restaurant. 
I ordered the Oysters en Brochette, the bacon was hardly cooked at one point I had one big piece of bacon fat in my mouth. 
My friends had the meat dishes and enjoyed them.  I just prefer seafood while in New Orleans.Barkeep seemed a bit bothered to be serving us and when asked if there were any drink specialties that we might should order, he simply handed us a cocktail menu. He seemed like he might be a bartender who made artisanal drinks with all his tattoos, but I guess not. 
Food was pretty generic. Salad a bit wilted and plain. And my duck entree was refrigerator cold towards the bottom of the piece of meat. A real lack of attention to detail. Great main dining room but we were seated in the back which lacked personality.Quick review here,  we stopped by to try the hurricane and grasshopper.  While here we decided to grab a bite to eat before hitting the town.   We looked at the menu but nothing really jumped out at us; we opted for an appetizer and our drinks.  The atmosphere was casual but dressy.. ok, so everyone in there was dressed up in casual dress attire but us, the table clothes were covered In paper, I wasn't feeling underdressed at all. Hahahah 
Ok, we ordered the fried green tomatoes.   2slices for $14?   We could just have the whole ?   The shrimp was slightly undercooked, not sure if it was supposed to be that way, but it was super fishy.  The tomatoes were hard but the cornmeal was seasoned well.  It was tasty but super overpriced.  I can see paying over $14 for 2slices if it was a 5 Star  dining experience with required dress shirt and tie; I walked in with a tank top and bike shorts.    
The hurricane was authentic- no koolaid with rum!  Very tasty.. exactly like a hurricane should be. 
The grasshopper was invented at this place, it was friggin AMAZE BALLS.   Omg! 
Each drink was comparable in price with a $8 tag.  Not bad and very tasty. 
Service was ok - the 4 stars are for the drinks.. the food would be 2.Don't get hooked in to having dinner here. It is the biggest rip off! As soon as they said they had no menu I should have ran. I don't eat much meat and most NOLA specialties contain some type of meat or seafood so my meal was something like $30 and I couldn't eat most of it. They kept bringing out "courses" that I couldn't eat so my boyfriend got double. It was blah to mediocre food though, so I don't think he got too excited for extra food.
Just don't go here, it is so not worth it. Plus - it wins my award for the worst bread served in New Orleans... it really was a loaf-shaped packing peanut.Went on thanksgiving night.  The decor was in extreme need of repair and the chairs were almost falling apart.   Dinner was a fixed menu and was mediocre at best.  Bland fish, a small scoop of potatoes that anyone could have made in their home.  The plating was sloppy as well.  The wait staff was abysmally haphazard and inattentive.   Value for the money was way too pricy for what we got. 
I would never go back.The last time I ate here I was disappointed, but after hearing they had a new Chef I decided to give them another try. Well the new Chef has turned things completely around. Everything was awesome and we tried a lot of dishes. I am an accomplished cook and not easily impressed, but I can not find a single fault with the meal, plus our waiter was excellent as well.Excellent food. Beautiful dining area. They were extremely accommodating. Phenomenal service. Highly recommend.Opinion still stands: Tujague's glory days may be behind it, but the food and service are among the best in New Orleans. 
Stopped in for lunch today, whereby I had the Shrimp Salad. This is a mound of shrimp remoulade atop fresh crisp vegetables. Classic Southern elegance. The dish arrived very promptly by a professional waiter who has been at the restaurant 22 years.  
Bloody Mary's just can't be beat. I would guess it's the same recipe they've used for 100 years or so.If they had an email address on their website I wouldn't be writing it here.  So if you're reading this management, you might want to post one.  
I had Christmas Day lunch here today.  I normally would never trash an institution like this but they have a huge responsibility to the city, the history of the restaurant and lastly me and they didn't really bring it today.
It was a 4 course meal.  Three were fixed and you could choose your entree.  Just as I expected.  $55.  Holiday meals are usually not cheap and we are in the French Quarter.  It wasn't worth it.  $150 plus tax and tip.
I love this restaurant.  I love living here and dining here.  They could have done a lot better.  The starter was a really tiny salad with a few berries on top.  Tasty, well dressed, fine.  Nothing special for sure.  Next an oyster and artichoke soup.  My wife got 2 oysters and I got a wedge of artichoke.  I looked over at another table and it didn't look like any of them had a garnish of either.  The soup was probably the best thing I ate today but this was just sloppy and lazy.
I chose Roast Duckling Madison.  Semi-boneless roasted half duck with parslied Brabant potatoes, raspberry fig gastrique and braised Swiss chard.  Are you sure these were Brabant potatoes with parsley.  I didn't see any parsley and they looked and tasted like packaged frozen cubed home fries.  The chard was good but the duck was a little overcooked for me.  When you cook ALL the fat out, the flavor flags and it gets dry.  The sauce wasn't good.  This wasn't a good dish.
Bread pudding was last and it was ok.  I like mine warm with creme anglaise and whiskey.  This was a little firm for me.  The flavors were really good and overall it was ok.
Service was rushed and not all that welcoming.  They did thank us on the way out but I was in no mood to stick around and talk to anyone about it.  I really wish it had been better.  I was really disappointed.  With such an abbreviated menu, they could have done a lot better.  This was an opportunity lost with such a huge crowd with nowhere else to go today.   I would love to update this review at a later date.  With so many great restaurants in the city I just don't know.Terrible.  Service was fine.  Food was exactly as you would expect if you went to your grandmas before any sort of seasoning was invented.  In a town full of great food, this place is terrible.The food here is very simple, old school, perfectly prepared. We had perhaps the best service ever here. The wait staff are very well-trained, and very professional. The dining hall is very smile and clean, white linen. The prices are better than expected.
I enjoyed fried oysters, brisket dinner, and bread pudding, along with a bottle of Malbec. Total bill with tip was $125, not bad for a fine dining experience. Very good classic NOLA spotAn amazing meal and dining experience! Vincent (owner or manager) was very pleasant and even gave us drinks on the house for sitting another group of 3 before our group of two. We wouldn't have even noticed if he hadn't told us and brought us our drinks. :) Hubby had the 4 course meal: bacon wrapped oysters, crab and corn bisque, filet, and chocolate pecan pie. I had house salad and gnocchi. All of tge food was fantastic! Will definitely come back again!For some reason, I always assumed this place was a tourist trap, and more or less avoided it. However, I ended up here for a drink after a wedding in the French Quarter recently, and was surprised to find that it's a really interesting place. Someone told me it's the second oldest bar in the French Quarter. No idea if that's actually true (I tend to believe anything anyone tells me these days, so when it comes to relaying facts I'm probably not the most reliable source), but it definitely seems like it could be. 
If you've never been, it's worth stopping in here for a drink or two, to check out the bar. And the very large, very old collection of dusty bottles of...some kind of booze. They have them in a display case in the bar area.We were on a Road Scholar trip with a few days in NOLA, then the American Queen and dined here on our free night.  What a delight.  It had the perfect ambiance we were seeking.  We opted for small plates and were well satisfied (really well!).  3 had the potato leek soup and I had the gumbo.  For the next course, 2 had the 1/2 portion of lump crab and gnocchi, 1 had the fried green tomatoes with crab and 1 the oysters on brochette.  One minor issue, the Creole meuniere was a bit strong for the delicate oysters.  Other than that, we loved all the dishes we ordered .  The service was terrific, too.  Prices were reasonable and the drinks tasty.Ever hear of the drink called the Grasshopper?  No?  Neither did I before visiting the Big Easy.  Basically it's a thin mint cookie in a glass. Interesting....
We were told by some locals that we had to check out the Grasshoppers at Tujague's, which is the bar in which the drink originated.  The first few sips of the drink was delicious- it was a minty, milky, alcoholy drink. But after a while, I started to feel like "milk was a bad choice, ughhh"
The bar itself was in a good location but was definitely pretty standard, nothing too out of the ordinary.  There seemed to be a bunch of locals there, which was pretty cool.
Do yourself a favor, go to Tujagues and SHARE a Grasshopper with a friend.  Mixing a Grasshopper with a days worth of Abita beer and hurricanes can prove to be dangerous :-xI had a bad meal here tonight with good attentive service by John C. I came into town tonight and wandered into this place. It looked historical and cool, and the menu was an interesting combination of things. I was tired and my stomach was out of sorts. I saw vegetarian gnocchi w/cream sauce on the menu and thought that might work. Once inside I also saw fried green tomatoes with crab. The tomatoes had a nice crispy coating and were cooked just right. The sauce on the crab however reminded me of sauce on macaroni salad in the grocery store deli. I couldn't taste the crab or finish it. When the gnocchi came, they were clearly made by hand--a selling pint on the menu--because they were many different sizes. But different sizes means they don't cook the same. The small pieces were cooked all right but the larger ones were not -- doughy, dense, NOT good eats. Also that was a cheese sauce, not a cream sauce, and on the greasy side. One could say, "well it's not an Italian restaurant." While this is true, I think that if a restaurant with linen tablecloths and good service and confident pricing has something on its menu, it should be cooked properly.Their brunch was amazing! I'm not much of a fish person though, so the lobster bisque was a bit much and the shrimp remoulade as well but for a seafood lover I would recommend both. My boyfriend loved each and every bite! Service was outstanding as well.We were looking for a nice restaurant, not too noisy, good food and close to but not in the Quarter. Even though not on our list we took a chance with Tujagues. How lucky can you get?  The food was excellent as was the service. Okay, a couple of dollars extra but well worth it. When you go looking for a meal that is all pleasure and you're not sure where to find it on the suggested list's, this is the place. These people were the most professional in town, in every way.Tujague's has a nice menu of vintage cocktails, if you can get the bartender's attention.  However, I've rarely encountered a restaurant with such indifferent customer service.  The restaurant was not busy, and not understaffed, but apparently the manager has no problem with employees sitting around watching NFL games while on the clock - and the Saints weren't even playing.
I ordered a bowl of the seafood gumbo to go with my drink.  I drained my cocktail, watched TV some more, but no gumbo appeared.  The bartender left to go take a break, I guess.  Finally I went back to the kitchen to ask about it.  They apologized and told me that the bartender had put in the order, but didn't tell them what table to deliver it to.  With only three or four customers in the whole joint (which in retrospect, should have given me a clue), it wouldn't have taken too much effort for one of these on-the-clock loafers to track down who ordered a bowl of gumbo.  Maybe someone was waiting for a commercial.  
The gumbo was decent, and came with assorted seafood, including crab claws in the shell.  I really wanted to crack open the crab claw and get to the meat, but there was nothing to use to crack it open.  When I asked one of the servers for a claw cracker, he just shrugged helplessly and said he'd never seen one at the restaurant.  I am bewildered how this place could have stayed in business since 1856, but it would appear to me that Tujague's is just coasting on its name and tourist district location.  Don't be the next gullible tourist - there are plenty of other great places to eat in the French Quarter.Worst Christmas dinner ever! No choice, just $45. Over dressed limp shrimp appetizer, tasteless sweet potato soup, horrible entree,  glob of mushy, hot, supposedly oyster dressing, overpowering clove yams and big chunk of tasteless turkey plus chunk of gelled bread pudding with bland beige caramel sauce. We were in NOLA for three days and, by far, or worst, most expensive meal. On Christmas, no less. Should have had a slice of pizza on the street!This place was cool! Old style décor. Good service, good food, good value.  Everything was in a good balance.  Comfortable would be a good word.  Maybe not the right use for this word but very fengshui-ish....as if everything in good harmony.  Try it, you'll like it!Didn't try the food here but came for the New Orleans staple: the grasshopper. It was creamy and minty and would be really good at night. Unfortunately I tried it on a hot day in the blazing sun and something about alcohol, milk, and heat just didn't blow my mindRoasted and raw oysters, Sazeracs!  Very very good service!  Worth the walk from the Convention CenterExcellent!!! Make a reservation! Don't be turned off by entering through the bar, it is worth it. 
Every single time we have dined here we have had impeccable service. The food is outstanding. It is nice to eat somewhere they take pride in both the food and the service.The very best!!! It's been here since the 1800's right in the middle of the French Quarter!!! Authentic Cajun dishes!!!Just finished the most disappointing Christmas Eve dinner out that I have had in many years!  I made reservations just before Thanksgiving and specifically asked if they served from the main menu.  I am not a fan of the Revillon Dinners.  They tend to be small portions of rather standard faire at most restaurants.  When we arrived I was very frustrated when I was told they were not serving from the main menu!  We were stuck with the standard Revillon menu!  The reason this was so frustrating is that my dining companion could not eat most of what was on the menu. The waiter did find some other options, but the salad was so covered in vinegar that he couldn't eat it. My salad was ridiculously small. It was served on a bread plate and was supposed to have marinated crab claws. They looked more like claws from some small bug!  My turtle soup was a complete salt bomb! The tomato bisque they brought for my partner was delicious.   For the main, I had a double pork chop smothered in excessively sweet glaze. The only thing that tasted good on the plate was the Swiss chard. It was a nice contrast to the sickly suite glaze.  My partner had the filet mignon. He did like that. Dessert was uneventful. The standard bread pudding and crème brûlée. All of that cost us $117. I have no problem paying for good food. We just dined at Antoine's the other night and paid double that. I would have paid even more as the food was so outstanding.
Please do yourself a favor and avoid this restaurant. Nola is covered in good restaurants. This isn't one of them!!The gnocchi and the bread pudding were amazing! Quite possibly the best I've ever had. Truth.Great Sazerac's. ..make sure to ask about the picture of the man on the wall.   Also try the old fashion with bulletYou have to try the grilled oysters!  The physical plant is old New Orleans but the food is excellent.  Once in the dining room it's a different world!I went here for a company group dinner, so my experience may not be the same as eating in the restaurant, but I still thought the food was delicious. 
The gumbo had great flavor and just the right amount of spiciness.  Then, the steak was cooked perfectly medium.
Great service and good food.  I recommend this place.Was brought here on a culinary tour of New Orleans and tried a brisket po boy. Loved it! So filling and tasty.We visited New Orleans over Christmas break and were told that many restaurants would likely be closed on Christmas Day. I looked online for restaurants that touted special menus for this special night, and came across Tujagues.
The reviews I read about this placed were mixed. Some expressed extreme satisfaction, and others not so good.  I fell into the latter camp on this occasion.
Here is a course by course review:
Salad- Shrimp salad with a remoulade dressing. This looked like something that came straight out of a salad bag from the produce section of a grocery store. Slap 3 shrimp on it and slather with a garlic dressing and call it good. Except it wasn't. The portion size was dismal as well.
Soup- Sweet potato bisque with crab. The soup lukewarm (at best), and was cloyingly sweet and unbalanced in flavor. It tasted like dessert in a bowl. There was no depth of flavor and the crab was lacking.
Entree- Drum fish with vegetables and mashed potatoes. The fish was cooked well, but the sauce was too citrusy and the vegetables (squash) were bitter and over cooked. Again, this dish felt like it could have come from a buffet line. Tip for the cooks here: vegetables should not be something you just steam the heck out of and throw on a plate. Take a look at how The Bombay Club (just up the street) prepares their veggies. They are so good that they can serve them as a standalone dish.
Dessert- Bread pudding. This seems to be a popular dessert around these parts, and I would expect that this should be a no-brainer to execute.  The bread tasted under-cooked or perhaps there was so much sauce on top that everything tasted mushy.
Tax, tip and no drinks came to $140 for two people. For what we received, I think we overpaid by about $100!
Maybe it is the concept of the prix fix meal that throws them off. The whole meal basically felt like everything was pre-cooked and just sitting in a steamer pan waiting to be served. I understand that this is a busy night for them judging by the people standing around waiting for a table, but I for one would rather wait longer for a better cooked meal than to be eating assembly line food.  Maybe their "cook to order" meals are better, but I would never go back to try a prix fix meal here again.
But for our attentive waiter, this would have been a one star review...Went here with some friends in town for the marathon.  Seated pretty quickly.  We ordered drinks with one waiter an appetizers.  They never showed.  We had 1 come out that they comped.  My friend and I split the veal Decatur.  It came out completely burnt.  We sent it back and the waiter even agreed.  poor service for what Tujague's reputation is.Eating at Tujague's is as much a lesson of New Orleans history as it is about the food.  As I walked in to the restaurant I felt like I was going back in time, you feel the history in this place and can almost hear the conversations of business deals, and celebrities enjoying their drinks.  
Having lived in NOLA for over 30 years, this place has been on my bucket list for a long time.  The walls are filled of pictures and autographs of those that have dined there in the past.   As far as decor I was surprised to find paper over the linen covered tables and old diner style table wear.   Old school is the new term for this!
The service is what I would call OLD New Orleans style dining.  A set menu, 5 courses with the only selection to make is the main entree.   Much easier to select and even easier on the staff.   
The first course was the Shrimp Cocktail with homemade Remoulade sauce atop a bed of green... The shrimp were very plump, beautifully selected - no skimping here and the remoulade seasoned the shrimp perfectly.  (personally I would have preferred the remoulade on the side to dip in rather than it overpowering the shrimp).  
Next was the Sausage, shrimp and crab gumbo.... very rich and full of flavor.  I could not help but savor every drop, cleaning the last bit with the wonderfully fresh french loaf on the table.  
Our third course was their well known for brisket and creole sauce.  A hardy serving of a very tender piece of meat.  The sauce once again, very spicy and full of rich flavors.  Oh, meaning to mention that we ordered the house Merlot and what a great compliment it was with the rich spicy flavors of the dishes...  
For our main course, we both selected the Filet which was cooked to our desired doneness  and was so tender the steak knife was hardly needed.  This was where the seasonings seem to have taken a break and the natural flavors taken over.  After a very flavorful start to the meal, it took my taste buds a few bites to adjust as they felt like they were going through withdrawal but the meat was a nice fine cut and am glad they left the meat to speak for itself.  The entree was served with what I suspect to be the veggies that were boiled with the brisket served earlier.  Nice and tasty, just in my opinion did not mesh well with the filet.
Now I had been craving their Pecan Pie after reading about it but was disappointed as it was not the desert of the evening.  I did mention my let down and the waiter even mentioned that they have not had it in a very long time!  What a bummer as the Strawberry - whatever, was just a little (and I mean little) bowl of strawberries with a hefty scoop of whipped topping which originally was thought to be ice cream.  
Summary - if you live in NOLA, you should try this place at least once, it is part of the history and soul of this grand city.  
If you are in NOLA for vacation and have limited time/money, there are many other places I would rank higher.  
.The food was just ok and we didn't see our server for almost 20 minutes. I had the airline chicken and it was wicked salty. We were all parched and had to go ask for more water. 
Ok for a meal in a pinch.So, a little back story: I usually never go out to eat on Christmas day, but I am currently remodeling my kitchen so I really had no choice.
We made reservations here for 2 on Christmas afternoon. We figured that would be a good time to get a table and get some decent service. We got her at about 1:50 and checked in. Even though we had reservations, we weren't seated until 3. Seriously, we stood there waiting for over an hour. So, that put a bad taste in my mouth right away, but I am willing to give them a bit of wiggle room since it's Christmas Day.
We were seated in one of the downstairs rooms (maybe the only downstairs room) and it was pretty loud, but I was happy that someone came over and gave us menus and took our drink order right away. It was a prix fixe menu, so we knew what we were basically going to get before we arrived. 
Our first course was a green salad with a vinaigrette that was quite good. The second course was artichoke and oyster soup. It was really tasty and had a lot of flavor and left me wanting more. For my entree, I had the redfish and it was just okay and didn't make much of an impression on me. It came with a side of broccoli and fresh mashed potatoes, which I really enjoyed. I was tempted to get the filet for my entree, until someone at a neighboring table told us to avoid it because it was practically raw and not good at all. The dessert was bread pudding with a bourbon sauce that was nice, but not good enough for me to finish. 
I have to mention our waitress Katie. She was so nice and pleasant on what, I am sure, was a hectic day for her. She was extremely friendly, checked on our food when she saw it was taking a while and made our entire dining experience great. She was one of the highlights of the entire day.
I would say my visit here was probably a 3.5 and I'm rounding down a bit. I know it's hard to properly judge a place on a busy holiday, so I would probably come back for another try.Tujague's was a highlight of my visit to NOLA.  My sister and I bumped into the the restaurant's chef and his wife at local diner Camellia Grill (also very good) and decided to go on our last night.
The menu is prix fixe with 4 entrees to choose (apparently it changes depending on what is available/fresh).  However, Chef Dean told us there was a dish called Chicken Bon Femme but you have to know about it to order it.  It's pan-fried chicken topped with a lot of chopped raw garlic and home-made potato chips.  It was to die-for good!  It's actually half a chicken and could easily be shared.
The meals came with french bread, shrimp remoulade, cajun vegetable soup and an appetizer of beef brisket with amazing horseradish/tomato sauce.  I was nearly full before the entree came!  Neither my sister and I eat shrimp so we were prepared to skip the remoulade but our server offered to bring us salad instead which I appreciated.
The building itself is very historic (I believe I was told it is the oldest continuously operating restaurant in NOLA) and next to the dining room is a bar containing (I was told) the oldest "standing-bar" in North America.  The bar only serves classic cocktails like traditional martini's, side-cars, etc....no trendy flavored martinis..
The Chicken Bon Femme was the most delicious fried chicken I've ever eaten.  Tender, juicy and not greasy at all.  Tujague's is definately not a tourist trap although it's in the heart of the French Quarter just a block and across the street from Cafe du Monde.  I'd consider it a special occasion restaurant as I believe the dinners were between $40-$50.  But absolutely worth it.A piece of history in the French Quarter with such a beautiful, old restaurant. Sat in one of the private rooms and makes you wish there were more historical beauties like this all over.This place is a great experience where you'll never have the same meal twice, but what ever you have will be at the peak of freshness. Old Creole recipies that have survived few other places are the staple here. I love this place, and although the meal might cost aroun $40 it is Table D'Hote and 6 courses. You'll never leave anything less than absolutely stuffed.The food was rather bland, the service was mediocre as well. I wouldn't recommend anyone coming here to dine.My friend and I had heard about Tujague's during a Culinary Walking tour and absolutely loved the brisket we sampled and so we went back for dinner figuring that everything would be that good.
We should have taken notice of all the empty tables and turned right around and walked out.  Right from the start we were dissapointed.  The person who greeted us at the door did not explain the concept or really make us feel welcome.  The waiter was visibly annoyed with us when we did not order any alcoholic drinks and he described the menu so fast we could barely understand him.
The first three courses were good, although the shrimp on a bed of lettuce had way too much dressing on it which overwhelmed the shrimp.  The soup course was quite good, but too spicey which again drowned out a lot of the crab flavor.  The third course of brisket was again superb!  We loved it.  In fact, we should have just stopped there.  The main course we had selected was a chicken breast with a brown gravy and potatoes and peas.  The potato peices were very small, and overcooked and the peas were canned!!  Fine dining??  The chicken breast had the breast bones attached and was so dry as to be almost inedible.  As I type this I am getting mad at  myself for  not sending it back.  We agreed we would have gladly traded that entree for another piece of the brisket.  The desert, bread pudding of course, was banana flavored and probably fine if you like bananas, but I do not.  
We were never asked if our food was acceptable, and throughout the evening, felt distinctly unwelcome.
At $35 per person for this meal, it was grossly overpriced and we wished we had skipped dinner.My friends and I came across this establishment only by chance. We were actually looking to eat somewhere else however this place did not have a line. 
When you first walk in you walk in through the bar area. For some reason the bar area has a funny smell to it so we were not really sure whether or not we are going to enjoy our stay ... Thanks goodness the actual dining room had no smell to it. Even though the dining area is a little bit more cozy and quaint they were able to seat all 10 of us within five minutes. 
To our surprise this Restaurant was exactly the southern New Orleans cooking that we were looking for. Was a little pricey but you could get half portions which made things a lot easier on the wallet. 
Our server was courteous and answered all of our questions. 
The food was delicious - each salad each -entrée - the bowls of jambalaya all delicious. 
If you're passing by with friends or family or if you're looking for something romantic this could be your place. The only down thing is the young kids may not enjoy the menu as much as the adults.This review is for the bar. Of all the things that were on our list to try, this was the first place and we were not disappointed. If you're the type to order a hand grenade, do everyone a favor and don't come to this wonderful classic bar. Just don't do it. Your palette is simply not sophisticated enough to handle the delicious classic cocktails this wondrous place has to offer. Please take this review with a grain of Cajun salt. Go and ask for Paul or Melissa. Paul is a bit cranky but his drinks are AMAZING. Order yourself 2 Sazeracs and finish it off with a Grasshopper. You're welcome. Lastly, don't be a shitty tipper. Cheers!A NOLA jewel. Great food, service and prices. Weekend brunch fare is great, with fair prices -- the $3 Bloody Mary is awesome! Put this place on your list of authentic restaurants to enjoy while in New Orleans.I didn't actually eat or drink here, but my friends had  pimms cups (which they said was amazing) and some sort of whiskey drink.  There were a few tables and chairs set up which we were able to sit in and relax before wandering around some more.  The bartender was rather rude to my, very polite always laid back and chill friend, so that's a downer for them.A true NOLA dining experience! So many places in the Quarter are god awful tourist traps masquerading as "authentic New Orleans." But Tujaques actually has the history and reputation to back up those claims. It's been around for 160 years! 
Ive eaten here a handful of times, with both large and small groups and every experience has been awesome. Visited again last night for my husband's small (5 person) office holiday party. Our server was Remy (Rem?i) and the experience of having him as our waiter was worth the price of the meal by itself! Remy was incredibly knowledgable about the history of the restaurant. He was also excellent at his job: quick with refills, clearing plates and checking in with us throughout. He peppered the dinner service with little stories and details about Tujaques. I want to go back to Tujaques just to keep talking to Remy!! 
As for our meals, everything was excellent. We sampled five appetizers, with the standout being the bacon wrapped oysters. The turtle soup was fantastic too, though i prefer mine with a little more sherry. My entree was a standard filet and mashed potatoes, delish. Hubby got the duck breast, which had a raspberry sauce on top of it. It looked amazing. Grasshopper cheesecake for dessert was absolutely fantastic, creamy and not overly sweet. 
All around, 5 stars. Fantastic service, fabulous food and a great atmosphere and location.Order the Shrimp Creole!!
We went to tujog on Sunday brunch. I had the shrimp remoulade a mimosa and a cup of gumbo.  My dining companion had Coca Cola a bowl of gumbo and a dish called taste of New Orleans made from red beans and rice shrimp creole and etouffee. 
I loved my mimosa it was made of a champagne that paired perfectly with the orange juice and brought out floral peach along with the zing of the orange juice.
My shrimp remoulade was good although it wasn't what I was expecting. the remoulade was more like a salad dressing made from roasted red peppers and herbs.
The the gumbo was thick and rich and not fishy at all. Nor was it spicy. 
I tried the shrimp creole of my dining companion and it was the best thing I ate all weekend!!! I wish I would have ordered shrimp creole my one regret...Ordered a little after 7pm, couldn't  leave restaurant until after 9m due to a cooking mistake, mixed up checks and slow service. My steak was undercooked, but delicious. They were willing to substitute sides without an up-charge. After speaking with the manager, our table was given "to go" drinks on the house. We had made our waitress aware that we were in a hurry, but unfortunately we were late to an event due to mistakes by the wait staff.LESS KNOWN, BUT GREAT FOOD
Tujague's is not as well known as some other old New Orleans restaurants, but it's every bit as good. It's conveniently located just off Jackson Square in the French Quarter, close to the trolley line. The interior is a bit cramped, with the dining room entrance through the crowded bar, but that adds to the charm. Classic New Orleans cuisine and drinks. Don't miss it.My server was on top of everything! I just wanted a great meal before I left for home and they did not disappoint! Brunch was awesome and you can't beat $3 mimosasExcellent Prix Fix menu, good food, nice rational portions, laid back elegance and waitstaff, 5-course meal (dessert included). Coffee is very good. Around $45 per person with soft drinks, good value.
The dining room has wood paneling on the walls, lots of pictures, whitelinen tables, and well dressed older waitstaff that know service. There is a full bar attached to the place, and they have a decent wine selection to choose from.
The food is good, what you would expect in this town, nothing unique but then who comes here not looking for atmosphere.
Recommended.Some believe this restaurant has the reputation of being a tourist trap - as I spoke to those around me, we were the only non-locals in the place. The restaurant is not very big, however, there is an excellent bar next door. The bartender will ask you what flavors you like, then make a drink for you. He nailed it each time - so I recommend arriving early and waiting in the bar.
The menu has limited selection, but it's a multiple plate meal (five, to be exact) and you will not go hungry. The meal that I chose I enjoyed immensely. The menu was: blackened fish, crab bisque, a salad that had shrimp and a homemade horseradish and mustard dressing, a slice of the most delicious and moist brisket in recent memory, and bread pudding with caramel and pralines.
Apparently, the restaurant recently got a new chef, and from what I see from the reviews online, it took him a while to get his sea legs, but I'd say it's full steam ahead. It was a delightful evening and good casual food. The service was good and the waiters were fun to talk to with.
Don't expect anything more than it is, and enjoy yourself. I will be going back for the food and the drinks the next time we visit.This place was the absolute worst restaurant I have ever tried. There was a huge line across the street and I'm not patient so we decided to have lunch here, it wasn't busy at all so that should have been a red flag. The waiter sat us down and disappeared for a while, was it busy - no! But he was busy gossiping like an elementary school girl by the restroom. The waiter finally brought some cold stale bread and since I was starving I ordered the gumbo immediately. The gumbo was room temperature ew but still managed to eat it. There were fruit flies on the Caesar salad after that... I'm glad I didn't get sick. Poor management definitely...you've been warned.I had Grouper sautéed with crawfish over Yukon mashed and asparagus. I wanted to drink the burre blanc it was so damn good. The grouper was outstanding! I will come back for this. I loved it.This review is only for the bar.
We ventured into Tujague's bar on the way back from dinner. It has a true historic New Orleans look. Reason being, this bar has been around FOREVER. Ok, not forever but for a really long time. 
It is an old school bar... standing only. The bar has a brass pole, foot height. Story is that women weren't allowed in bars back in the day so men would go in and put their boot up on the brass pole and just stand to drink. 
The bartender is dressed with a bow tie and vest, literally like the old days. If you drink a few in here, you can feel almost like you have turned back time and are standing in a bar from the 40's.
Worth a drink.I saw so many pictures of the food and was so excited to come here. I was so disappointed. After a long day of walking in Nola, and excited to sit and eat with my family of six I walk in and am greeted condescendingly. Server was like have you even seen the menu. Granted, we were dressed very casual, however I ignored it. The food was subpar, service lacking, my drink never refilled. I wish we hadn't gone here. I was not recommended any dishes or anything. Don't waste your time coming here.Friendly staff set the tone in this small establishment. Bar in the front leads to a seating area in the back. Wanted something from the local cuisine so decided on the BBQ shrimp and grits. It was great! Delicious, not too heavy, and a perfect portion, especially after the warm, crispy outside/fluffy inside bread offered before the meal. We did see a cockroach crawling as we were paying the bill... but I guess which restaurant doesn't have a bug or two?!Great tasting classic New Orleans food with great service and attractive rooms and architecture. Food was pretty pricey, but was very goodCan I review this if all I did was have a drink, or if I had two drinks? Well, I'm gonna. Vieux Carre' was the drink of choice and they/he clearly knew what to do... perfect drink it was, but almost better than that was the fact that no bar stools existed and silly tourists would venture in and be confused/bothered that they couldn't sit...
Love it.
:)Best (& most refreshing) Pimm's Cup in New Orleans. The bartender was very knowledgable. She hand juices the lemon-cucumber mash (with hints if strawberry & blueberry). Much preferred over Napoleon's which was more sugary & lemony.Went for a dinner for 2 and it happened to be the Coolinary menu (like restaurant week for those of you like me who'd never heard that term before) - $35 per person for appetizer, delicious entree, and dessert. We had a fabulous, perfectly cooked swordfish and steak au poivre (sp?). They also gave a giant slice of rich and creamy cheesecake. I would love to go back some day. Our waiter Josh was excellent and attentive and helpful and made it even better!Not good.  Worst meal we had in New Orleans.  Slow service, loud cramped dining room.  somehow they unnecessarily felt the need to bbq the shrimp in shrimp and grits.  Just not at all what we were looking for.Old school New Orleans place in a touristy location which recently changed ownership and appears to be doing decent.  I've only been for brunch which was fine but unfortunately nothing special.  Everyone who had egg dishes had them come out hard boiled rather than soft poached as I would have expected.  One member of the group loved his soft shell crab po-boy while I opted for a trio of NOLA dishes which included bad Etoufee, very good Creole Shrimp, and okay Red Beans.
Ambience is old school New Orleans, service was fine, and the food was decent but not necessarily spectacular.  It's fine, but not sure if I see any reason to personally return.Christmas dinner:  Fixed price menu:  4 course for $60/person.
First thing I noticed was how run down this place is.  You walk through a bar then into an area where the bathrooms and entry to the main dining room converge.  Lots of people running into one another.
We were seated right away since we had a reservation.  First two courses is a soup and salad.  Salad was shrimp remoulade which was a few pieces of romaine, a cherry tomato halved,  drenched with a garlicky salty dressing.  At least I got 3 shrimp.  
Soup was sweet potato crab bisque:  lukewarm thick soup.  Texture was more of a sauce than soup.  Sweet and a few crab pieces but not inspiring on any level.
Entree:  Filet mignon.  When delivered I was asked to cut through it right away.  Medium rare:  perfect!  Taste:  too salty, bits of what appeared to be rehydrated garlic or onion flakes on top.  Was this sous vide/steamed?  Texture was strange.  Served with mash potatoes and thin slices of squash and zucchini.  The squash is something I would imagine out of a cafeteria.  Boiled and slopped onto the plate.  The mash was good which I felt was the highlight.
Dessert:  bread pudding:  strong nutmeg smell.  Too sweet.  Crudely cut piece.  
I just get the impression that no time and thought was given to plating either.
Service was acceptable but the person who seated us and who also cleared our table was obviously wanting to be somewhere else.  Such attitude has no place in the service industry unless of course you don't care about a good tip.
Very disappointing experience given the occasion and how this place came highly recommended.  Black Angus steakhouse is a 5 star compared to this complacent establishment.
I hope management reevaluate the quality and taste of their food.  In addition, I would say:  make your customers feel welcome so that they'd want to return very soon, and bring their friends.
Since my initial review, I stumbled across their cookbook at Roux Royale.   I didn't have time to go through this but the irony :)My wife and I were married in New Orleans a few weeks ago, and we had our post-ceremony dinner at Tujaque's with our close family members. The building and decor are a little rough around the edges, but it has loads of character (and houses what is considered the oldest "standing" bar in America). Most of the decoration includes historical portraits, maps, old Mardi Gras pieces, etc. - nice and interesting stuff.
Our server admitted that he was new (as of a few weeks), but he was excellent: friendly, attentive, and quick to answer questions (accurately) about the menu.
Drinks were pretty standard cocktails for New Orleans, where I had a couple Sazerac's and my wife had a Grasshopper and something else I don't remember. Despite being "standard" for the area, they were really good.
The food wasn't especially memorable (filet mignon was good, but I was jealous of my brother, who ordered the Tujaque Mignon with all sorts of fantastic looking add-ons), and the restaurant seems to fall directly between "casual" and "upscale" - there were people in suits (us and a few other parties), and then groups in shorts, jeans, etc. Prices fell toward the "upscale" end of the spectrum, though.
We definitely enjoyed the meal, and the prices are the only thing that drop Tujaque's by 1 star for me.This is a Great Restaurant with tons of History. It's 156 years Old for goodness sake, established 1856 ... A wonderful traditional Restaurant that still has a Table d Hote Menu, a 6 course meal with Shrimp Remoulade, Gumbo, famed Bread Pudding and the center-piece of the meal boiled Beef Brisket.
    Tajague's has one of New Orleans and The World's greatest bars, The Long Bar, where the Grasshopper Cocktail was invented (though very few people know this Fact).
   Whenever in New Orleans I always make a t least two stops at this one of my all-time favorite restaurants and bars.I had dinner here with a friend before heading out to the U2 concert. It was during restaurant week and the selection was quite impressive.
We were very early diners and were sat promptly. Although the place was relatively empty when we arrived, it was pretty darned full by the time we left. Service was really good. Ambiance was very nice as well - very much old school New Orleans - which I really enjoy!
I look forward to returning when there is more time and to try some other options. All in all, a very good experience!Terrible. I actually wanted to spit out the shrimp remoulade after I took a bite. Like seriously. It tasted that bad. And I love everything!
Totally silent dining room. Perfect for hearing the wait staff drop and shatter and entire tray of plates and glasses. 
As a server in my younger years, I never give wait staff any trouble. But, dude. Our server came over to our table with someone else's dirty ass dishes in their hands to clear our appetizer plates. Gag. For 20+ bucks a meal come on.
Historical? Yep. But so so so so not worth even a thought with the dining treasures around the city.Was more than a little disappointed - we made a reservation for Christmas Eve, after having several Christmas Eves with the full menu. The menu they offered was NOT posted online (only a special menu for Christmas Day - which was not the menu we were offered) and was extremely restrictive. Many of the Tujague's classics (brisket) weren't included. We ended up leaving and calling up another reservation at a much higher rated restaurant nearby.My mother took me here for my 50th birthday so was afraid to be critical of the food. Thank GOD she turned to me after the third course and said "This is the worst food I've ever had." And it was. The sauces were awful; the world-famous brisket was glutonous; the filet was good but the garlic butter sauce was slathered all over the plate so the veggies were soggy and butter-laden. And they've mastered the art of screwing up the easiest dessert on the planet - bread pudding. We've already emailed friends to tell them NOT to book here. Yuck.This being my first time in New Orleans, I went here after reading all of the rave reviews on Yelp.  Well Yelp, you really let me down...
Don't get me wrong, this place isn't bad.  But it's not good either.  When you factor in the price you can certainly get better food, better ambiance, and a better wait staff at multiple restaurants within a few blocks of this one. 
I seriously don't understand why the reviews are so positive.  Unless you love old buildings, and pictures of celebrities on the walls of your eateries you should save some money and go elsewhere!The food was fantastic!! We went there during the Coolinary restaurant month. I ordered Royal Red Ceviche, Marinated Skirt Steak and bread pudding for dessert. The sauce for ceviche had a very unique taste, You can taste the jalapeño but doesn't hurt your tongue. Their bread pudding Sauce is really goodWe came here spontaneously on New Year's Eve at about 9PM.  We had no clue what to expect, what the menu was like, IF there was even a menu!.  
The restaurant was hectic and packed, but we still managed to get decent service without a reservation.   It is a preset 6 course meal, with a choice of main entree.  This was our first taste of Creole food, so we were pretty excited.
ALL of our food was delicious!  Our water glass was never empty, our french bread was never cold, and we were never left without something to much on.  Obviously, this was New Years and they probably brought their A game, but I can't imagine that a restaurant can go from sucking so bad to being rather good just because it is a busy evening.A Saturday night staple. Set menu is the best here. Shrimp remoulade, brisket that was like butter, shrimp etouffee and chocolate bread pudding for dessert. It was delicious. I was in a group of ten and the service was fantastic. You will not be disappointed.Let me start this review off by saying I'm not a huge fan of seafood- I'm open to it and will try anything that is or contains it, but I typically will not order fish as my entree. 
We went here for our Thanksgiving meal this year, and I went into in pretty blindly. Reservations said that they would have a traditional Thanksgiving meal "with their own twist." That was fine enough for me. I had done some research on the history of the restaurant and that alone was worth it for me. The "traditional" Thanksgiving mean consisted of a shrimp cocktail salad, a sweet potato crab meat bisque, a tasting of their brisket, and turkey, with oyster stuffing, mashed sweet potatoes, and homemade cranberry sauce, followed up with bread pudding. Everything was amazing! I especially am not a shrimp eater (it's more about the texture than the taste), but when my husband ate one and said "Oh my gosh, you have to try one," I gave it a shot and they really were great. I ate two instead of passing all 5 over to him. I thought that the sweet potato and crab meat bisque was an interesting combination- I would have never picked that off of a menu, but it was really good, and the flavors worked really well together. The third course was their house specialty, the brisket- it melted in my mouth. It was definitely the best brisket I'd ever eaten. The main course was pretty good. I thought that the turkey was a little on the dry side, and stuffing is my favorite Thanksgiving side, but didn't care for the oyster flavor so I didn't eat much of the stuffing. By the time we got to the main course, though, I was pretty stuffed, so I wasn't disappointed. The bread pudding was really good, and the few bites I had, satisfied my sweet tooth.
I had to dock Tujague's a star because my initial impression of the place wasn't all that great. When we walked in, we had to walk to the back of the bar, where there wasn't anyone to greet us, so we kind of just stood in a small space, in the way of people coming down the stairs, and out of the kitchen, while we waited for the host to come back. When he took our name, he told us to go upstairs and someone would seat us - when we got upstairs there was no one to greet us, so yet again, we were in a small space, standing in everyones way, confused. Finally a woman came out of the bathroom and took us to our table. The table was apparently wobbly, so they put a bar rag under one of the legs (one of the ones on the outside of the table, and it was visible). When we sat down, we noticed of the spoons was really dirty and I think someone should have caught that when setting the table. 
After getting past those few setbacks, Tujague's redeemed itself with attentive waitstaff, and great food.I visited recently and ate here just because we were walking past the place and was getting really hungry. EXCEPTIONALLY loud in the restaurant, prices are rather high for what you get. While I enjoyed my meal, I probably wouldn't visit again. Like was mentioned in several other posts, nothing was wrong with the meal, it just didn't knock my socks off and I paid a rather high price for it.Steak made with extra love. Soooooo good!!! Amazing atmosphere---good people!! Definitely recommend. Went there for my bachelorette weekend dinner and they were very accommodating and sweet!Phenomenal brunch! Bloody Mary's are amazing and poached eggs will make you come back! Highly recommend as the place is as NOLA as it gets! Loved the politeness and professionalism of the server, Neil. They managed to make a virgin Bloody Mary for my wife that was virtually indistinguishable from the real version!We came with a group of 17 people.  The environment and service was good.  A parade came by while we were having drinks and we were able to go out in the balcony and enjoy it.  The food however came out cold and was overall disappointing.  The people who got steak were pleased with their food.  So fun spot...  Food is underwhelming.Tujague's is one of this City's great restaurants.  The décor is the same as when my Dad took me for lunches back 60 years ago.  Black & white tile flooring, ancient "celeb" pics on walls, same old heavy wood bar; just love it all.
Some of menu sounds peculiar, like the "boiled beef brisket", which is unique and WONDERFUL.  Great classical cocktails from full bar.
Inquire re parking when making reservation.  Hint:  if parking problem, Jerry, car porter @ Hotel Provincial on Chartres St., about 2 blocks away, may be able to help.
Dress has been relaxed to "casual" or "tourist".
First-class professional waitstaff.
A younger Family member took over a couple years ago, and returned many classic favorite dishes to the updated menu.
All-in-all, an excellent lunch or dinner spot; which has avoided all "yuppie" trappings & menu items.
We live here again, and must go every once-in-a-while !  Tujague's is a good change-of-pace from Antoine's or Muriel's.
RickBrunch was a disappointment. The fish over cooked, the P.O. boy under seasoned. 
To the Chef: try adding salt to your dishes, it will help. Anything will help. 
Service was good, and attentive. Thank you. 
Back of the house needs help.Walked in without reservations. Politely and attentively treated while date and I were seated at a small table in bar area for a true bistro vib. Boiled brisket (pot au feu in French) is sublime.
Finished the meal by having coffee and a drink. Their La Louisianne provided the right balance of octane and sweetness to cap-off the dining experience.